" highlander iv : world without end " -- draft 9/1/99 < !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> highlander iv world without end over black , a voice : voice in the day before memory , there be the immortals . we be with you then , and we be with you now . sweep low through clinging highland mist that shroud a land still in its infancy . Cathedral spire of granite . cradle lake . a solitary vastness . voice ( cont would ) we have be worshipped as god mistaken for demon and reviled 'as witch . we be the seed of a million legend but our true origins be unknown . we simply be . ancient castle dot the landscape , whisper of battle long forgotton . voice ( cont would ) we be driven by the ceaseless fight to endure . no limit , it be a battle that know no boundry of time or place . two figure clash with broadsword atop the tallest promontory . voice ( cont would ) to the winner come a unknowable prize . yet a immortal can find no comfort in victory . match move to the top of a ultra -modern skyscraper . swordsman continue to battle . voice ( cont would ) because in the end , there can be only one . loser fall to the other 's sword as the heavens cleave in a titanic rupture of sight and SOUND . like the birth of a brand new universe . begin / end title : ext - manhattan , present-day establishing - dawn teeming million . yawning concrete spire . blare of traffic . ext - antique store - dawn engrave into a brass plaque : macleod & ellenstein antique ( formerly russell nash lot ) a face reflect in the window glass . it 's rachel ellenstein , early 60' now , a gray , maternal beauty . she move to the front door , reach out to unlock i.t. it fall open at she touch . even though the hang placard be still flip to " we’re close " Rachel hesitates . draw a shallow breath and step inside . int - antique store all that sublime european antiquity now drip with menace . celtic harp . Scottish targe . brood statuary . she move deeper into the shadow recess , flick on a lamp . her gaze settles on the one exception to the impeccable order of thing . a open wooden case , empty . just the feel impression of a miss broadsword . rachel ( icy dread ) connor ...? she cross to the foot of the staircase . listen . a music BOX spool a faint , tinny madrigal . she climb the stair , pad softly upward . the music grind ever louder in its madden repetition . every so often , it 's punctuate by a child giggle . at the second floor landing Rachel edge around the corner . her breath catch in she throat . before her stand a lock wooden cabinet . it 's be cleave nearly in half by the broadsword that still jut hilt - first from the base of the splinter front panel . photo album and leather - bound diaries have be shred and scattered across the floor -- -- except for several select photograph , skewer onto the sword tip like a medieval message spike . Rachel struggle to breathe . like she 's take that sword in she own gut . inside the cabinet a television flicker with videotape of grainy home movie . a little girl ( rachel ) be entrance by a porcelain music BOX hold out by a ageless connor macleod . young rachel let I see , connor ! let I see ! Rachel stand freeze , watch she life with connor flash by in ragged film clip . connor teach rachel to ride a horse . connor with rachel outside a English board school . in a train station . at she college graduation . connor and rachel in a laugh embrace that only hint at something deeper . in each new clip , Rachel have age further . connor have not . Rachel step up to the broadsword , wrap both hand around the grip and jerk it clean of the cabinet . the skewer photograph ( flutterd to the floor like dead leave ) the videotape end , click off ... and a new image burn itself onto the screen in perfect digital clarity . Rachel . stare back at herself , terror-stricken . she have not even notice it before now . the tiny camcorder on the shelf above the tv with the glow red light . move in on the tv as Rachel slowly back away . keep move in on the tv until the pixel swim ... the phone ring shatter the stillness . the old rotary phone on the little Louis xiv stand . it 's not just beckone she . it 's taunting she . gather up the photo and hugging they to she breast , Rachel slowly approach the phone . any second now , you would expect it to stop ringing , nobody home . but whoever 's on the other end know better . it keep right on ringing . insistant . tremble finger reach out for the receiver . slowly lift it off the hook . rachel hello ? extreme close on phone : a tiny electric click be the last thing Rachel hear before -- ext - antique store - wide --a blistering explosion blow out the entire second floor . Rachel ellenstein be obliterate right along with she own treasure history . linger on the flame as we transition to : ext - scottish highland ( 1565 ) - day a mound of burning corpse they crackle and twist in the fire that feed off they . it take a moment to realize they be livestock -- oxen , pig , goat , sheep -- pile like burn refuse . a crude , woven -straw human effigy stand astride the pile , engulf in flame . beyond the FIRE connor macleod and he young wife , heather , watch from the step of they simple , isolate home . connor betray no emotion . Heather look on in horror . heather my God , what be they ? connor farm animal . Dead of the plague . heather why do they torment we with they dead cattle ? ( no response ) connor ...? connor they think I have bring this upon they . it 's a warning . a deeper fear now grip Heather . heather a warning ?! they drive you from you home ! they cut you off from you own people ! what else could they want ?! connor turn away from the flame heap . connor someone to blame . CUT to : connor swinging astride he horse . heather ( dread ) do not go back there . thunder rumble in the distance . connor I have no choice . heather please -- connor they can not hurt I . and they know it . but they can still hurt the one I care about . Heather look off . shiver . heather I be afraid . connor lean forward , take she face in he hand . connor I love you , Heather . more than anything in this world . she grip he hand . desperately . connor ( cont would ) do you believe I ? heather yes . connor then you need not be afraid . ( kiss she ) nothing can ever keep we apart . dissolve to : ext - scottish highland , various - dawn connor travel a primeval landscape of jag peak and fog-shroude valley . connor' voice nothing ... CUT to : ext - ridge above glenfinnan - twilight he gaze down at the tiny hamlet of glenfinnan , nestle between castle and shimmer loch . breathes deep the forget smell of home . int - hut - evening caiolin macleod , ravage by neglect and despair , stroke she son 's face as if confirm he reality . caiolin I think you might be the water horse come to take I on he back and drow I in the loch . connor ( smile ) maybe I be , mother . caiolin ( touch he hair ) then come , let I grab hold of you golden mane and off we go . connor lift she from the tatter bed , spin she around several giddy time and sit she upright in a chair . connor not before we put some meat on that bone . he rummages through she shelf look for food . find painfully little . connor ( cont would ) no one come to look after you ? caiolin they be all afraid of I . they think I bedevil they child because I have lose my own . connor I be sorry . I be so sorry ... caiolin tiny mind and sour disposition . I do not need they , connor . any of they . connor crouch at she foot . connor then it 's settle . you be come with I . there 's somebody I want you to meet . she 's nearly as beautiful as you . caiolin blink back she disbelief . caiolin you be sure ? connor ( cont would ) we leave tonight . let 's start pack . caiolin ( lift up she shoe ) I be already pack . the slatted wooden door swing OPEN . a young man stand in the doorway . he 's strong and severe , dress in clergyman 's black . but that 's not what draw the eye . even though it 's cold enough to fog he breath -- he 's sweatinq . connor look up , guard . connor Jacob -- kase you shouldna come back , connor . connor feel the tension in kase 's voice . connor surely as a friend you can look the other way just this once ... for old time ' sake ... kase you know . you know what would happen if you come back . I be not to blame for this . connor what ? ( beat ) what have you do ? kase God help you . father alasdair rainey , the local priest and inquisitor , step inside , bent over a silver cane . he 's gross , corpulent and perpetually short of breath . a nasty nose boil figure prominently in he overall appearance . villager of vary stripe crowd nervously behind they . father rainey in the name of the Holy see and the rule of law , you be hereby charge , connor macleod , with heresy and the practice of black magic . ( turn to the villager ) take he . the townsman jostle in place , each try to squeeze backward behind the other . father rainey ( cont would ) ( squint ) heresy be not contagious . two of the bolder man move forward , grip connor by the elbow . once its clear they have not suck up any demon , the other swarm he . ext - stone hut - night caiolin scream as connor 's drag outside and drive to the ground by a relentless battery of stick and club . CUT to : int - stone cell - night connor stir awake in a century - old dungeon , a dark hole , crumble and damp . voice seem to drip through the porous mortar . taunting , vengeful , expectant . he cross to the bar window that afford he a narrow , ground - level view of the town common where a well - attend execution be now underway . connor squint , craning to make out the identity of the condemn . townspeople mingle and mill in front of he , obstruct he line - of-sight . even as a familiar voice rise above the surround chatter . jacob kase's voice the curse that afflict one generation will invariably pass its mark onto the next . the tie of blood cannot be severe by word or deed , if in fact you blood be that of you son . several villager step aside to reveal : connor' mother bound to a upright stake atop a mound of shorn timber . connor sieze with the impossible horror of recognition . connor no .. . no ! ! jacob kase make the sign of the cross as he read from a writ of execution . he stand atop a primeval celtic monolith wear down to the form of a pedestal . Father rainey wobble behind he , sniff ammonia to spell he chronic angina . kase through the infinite compassion of we Lord God , you be entitle one final opportunity to renounce all that be unholy , to declare connor macleod not of you loin and help put a end to the darkness that have be cast upon this land . how say you , caiolin macleod ? caiolin lift she head , pale and beatific . caiolin if you god should persecute I into the next world , then I shall simply have to find myself another . shock murmer of outrage shudder through the crowd . kase step up and rip away caiolin 's cherish silver crucifix , with its distinctive wooden Christ figure . kase ( hold up caiolin 's crucifix ) you will not need this where you be go . connor grab at the iron window - bar . shake they until the mortar chip from they mooring . the ruddy -face executioner solemnly approach caiolin . unseen by the bloodlust crowd , he take out a small leather sack and drape it around she neck by the drawstring . he tuck it under she coarse woolen robe and pat it flush against she chest . executioner ( softly ) Black powder . it will make short work of you suffer . caiolin nod . he step down off the pyre . reaches for a burning torch . connor strain against the bar like a madman . mortar continue crumble until one bar actually rip away completely . the executioner touch torch to kindling . it alight . connor try to squeeze through the window gap . too tight . so he wind back with the iron bar and swing with mindless fury . Iron strike unyield stone , sparking and chipping ... the pyre beneath caiolin engulf in flame . heat ripple she face , distort she body . connor hammer harder , quick , louder . bit of stone fly everywhere . but the bulk of it remain spitefully intact . still , it 's enough to convince all four guard to intervene . they throw open the heavy iron door and descend upon connor with sword and axe . > wield the iron bar like a battle mace , connor split the first guard 's head , catch he sword mid-air and slice into the next . third guard 's axe catch on a ceiling beam . connor run he through like a overstuff feedsack . the fourth guard drop he sword and bolt . the pyre be now fully ablaze . caiolin look out through the rippling wall of flame ... . . . and smile weakly . caiolin my water horse ... as connor split the crowd like a batter ram . he reach the pyre , hurl flame timber aside with he bare hand . initially stunne , the townsfolk shrink back , watch connor desperately scatter the fire . caiolin bury she face in she shoulder , bite back the agony as ... sword in hand , connor stretch upward , hack away the rope that bind she , oblivious to the fire now crawl in serpentine coil around he own arm and leg . freed of the rope , caiolin begin to slump forward . connor grab for she arm as the black powder explode in a concussion of FIRE that render any further hope of rescue futile . connor stand atop the burn pyre , wick tongue of flame leaping off he back and shoulder like fiery wing . he throw back he head and howl to the heaven . Fire dance across connor 's skin and clothing as he raise he broadsword and step down into the crowd . pandemonium break out . this be not just a common witch . this be one of Hell 's very own . that few foolish enough to attack be cut down where they stand . the rest scatter in mindless panic . Father rainey block connor 's path . lift he cross ... . . . as he 's CUT down by the blind slash of connor 's sword . connor step over rainey 's body and keep come , drive the mob flee into they dwelling . kase crouch bluster over rainey . kase Father ... Father , please -- ( try to staunch the bleed ) Father --! rainey 's eye open slightly . rainey who be you ...? kase you son . it 's you son -- Jacob . rainey stare back as if a veil have suddenly be lift . and what he now see terrify he to death . rainey ( eye widen ) who be you ? kase I be you -- he stop . rainey 's eye be freeze . Dead . connor return to the flame pyre , refueling he rage with the sight of he mother 's blacken corpse . > kase scoops up a discard sword , leap to he foot and charge connor , bellow like a madman . > connor whirl around with he sword , make kase impale himself on the blade . kase stare wide - eye and gag at connor 's smolder visage -- the depthless black pool of hate that shroud he eye . it 's the last thing Jacob kase will ever see . connor open he finger and let he drop , the sword hilt still jutting from kase 's chest . gather up several chunks of flame timber , connor heave they onto the straw - cover rooftop , set they instantly ablaze . in short order , the village be transformed into a giant swirl inferno . silhouett against the crimson sky , connor lift caiolin 's body and turn he back on glenfinnan for the last time . dissolve to : ext - ancient stone monastery - night stand outside the massive door be a monk clad in dark , hood monastic garb . nothing in the panorama would suggest we have just jump four century into a uncertain future ... until -- a pack of motorcyclist chew they way up the rubble slope . fishtail to a stop . the leader , a tall eclectically - dress jamaican , dismount and approach the hood monk . jamaican you people be extremely hard to find . monk unshoulder a pump - action shotgun . hooded monk we like it that way . ( pump shotgun ) now go . the other six intruder surround the monk . his eye flick from one to the next -- a buffet of different nationality , all big . jamaican take you pick . before you squeeze the trigger a second time , you will be dead . easy choice . monk level he gun and blows the jamaican right off he foot . and sure enough , he gag before he next trigger - pull . a very nasty serrate blade retract into a wooden hilt . monk drop in a heap as he assailant , a wiry asian , turn for the door , join by the other . in the very next instant the heavy oak - and - iron door swing OPEN with a barrage of automatic gunfire -- the intruder be CUT down where they stand . three more hooded monk appear in the doorway , wield assault rifle . they grimly regard the body . monk # 1 take the head . just in case . saw and cleaver be pull by the other two guard while Guard #l keep he gun train on the corpse . voice do not bother . really . a figure stand in shadow , he face unseen . we catch only a brief glimpse of a priest collar . Guard #l whip he rifle toward the Stranger . Stranger divert it with the tip of he sword . bullet go nowhere . one slash and the guard be go . two more slashes and he comrade fall . Stranger kick the body of the dead jamaican as he step through the open doorway . stranger do n‘t be long . int - monastery - night follow the stranger through a maze of chamber and down into serpentine catacomb . he kick through a door into a inner room cavernous and drip , where even the air seem septic . a few dim candle illuminate a dozen men bound to complicated , almost giger -esque chair . arm , leg and face have be immobilize by crossing flat of metal bolt into flesh and wood . from the wild overgrowth of hair and beard , and the impossibly long , curl fingernails , it 's a good guess none of they have move a muscle in year . except for a pale custodian stand in a corner , tremble silently . Stranger stand at the threshold , he face obscure by flicker shadow . he scan the live corpse . stranger so it 's true . he move slowly among they . stranger ( cont would ) what sacrifice they make of you all . Warehouse , like rotting piece of meat . he pause to lift up a downcast head . gaze into the shackle face . the eye be cover by strip of rusted iron , the face by tangle beard . stranger ( cont would ) tell I -- be this the better way ? I be sure you have have some time to reflect on it . one by one , the recently -dead intruder filter into the room , lead by the jamaican . blood stipples they clothes , streak they face . but they be , in every other sense , fully - restore . Stranger straighten , swivel around to the terrify custodian . custodian backpeddle into the wall . stranger which one be connor macleod ? custodian I -- I do not know ... they never tell I name ... stranger ( low , seethe ) do not . lie. to. me. custodian I swear . I do not know ... Stranger grab he under the chin , lift he to he toe . stranger you need to understand one thing , my gimpy friend . I do not care about the game . I do not care about the rule . I do not even care about this other pathetic soul you lock away as a barrier to the Prize . the custodian stare back , uncomprehend . stranger ( cont would ) ( squeeze he throat ) I want connor macleod . give I macleod and I will leave . and you can go right on pretend that what you do here actually matter . the custodian lift a shaking finger . rack focus to : the prisoner in the last chair even with a iron slat across he eye , he be unmistakably connor macleod . Stranger let go of the custodian , turn ... stranger Long time . connor strain to lift he head . his voice come weak and drug-heavy . connor who be you ...? stranger you will know soon enough . glint of a swung blade -- CUT to : ext - monastery - night a unearthly light pulse through slitted window and crack mortar . tendril of RAW ENERGY vein the ancient building , grow brighter until - - the window explode outward with a keen , animal - like howl . above the sky respond with scream wind and torrent of rain . CUT to : ext - paris - night wind howl over the City of light , slice up the seine to . . . duncan macleod' barge dock at the quay . ext - barge - night push in on duncan macleod , cross -legge in meditation atop the deck . he jolt from a series of sudden violent image . a face , bolt immobile , wrench in agony . a swordblade slashing into flesh . fingernails claw wood . blood fleck tile . essence . phone . ringing . Duncan snap up the receiver , sweat drench . duncan yeah ? tiny electric click ... . . . then the hiss of a overseas line . woman' voice ( filter ) he 's dead . duncan who ? CUT to : a payphone , somewhere in lower manhattan in a drive rain . a woman 's hand hold the receiver to she face , obscure she feature . woman connor macleod . he be kill last night . int - duncan' barge Duncan reel with a sudden flood of emotion . duncan who be this ?! woman' voice a friend . ext - payphone the unidentified woman slowly lower the receiver and set it back in the cradle . CUT to : ext - paris , establishing , sunrise shadows crawl across the parisian skyline as a engine revs to 8000 rpm . STREET level Pov : we punch through the arc do triomphe and up the champ elysee with a throaty ferarri howl . on a wicked downshift , we squeal hard right onto the pont neuf , stop on a franc at ext - notre dame cathedral - day Duncan hop out of he Ferrari 355 spyder , pause before the massive gothic edifice , then disappear inside . close on a crouching stone gargoyle perch atop the high balustrade . move sideways to reveal a second crouching figure , this one human . to many he will be instantly familiar . he‘s methos , oldest of all immortal , gaze down in quiet contemplation . methos keep stare at the ground below , sip bordeaux from a paper cup , even as Duncan join he at the edge . duncan methos . methos so -- what bring you up here to the aerie of the lesser god ? duncan I need you help . methos I be out of the help business . no future in it . duncan I be tell connor macleod be kill last night . methos ' darken . another one lose . duncan ( cont would ) I just want to know who do it . methos ( sigh ) in we world , do it really matter ? duncan it do to I . methos look down at the clotted life below . methos do I ever tell you I once keep a vineyard on the very spot where they build this monstrosity ? glorious , the wine . ( look up ) when do you see he last ? duncan almost ten year ago . methos what do you talk about ? duncan nothing much . methos think back . flash to : int - pub ( from highlander 1 ) - day connor and Duncan hunch over the bar , pound scotch . duncan we mostly just sit around , down shot , stare at the beer light above the bar . when he finally get up to go , he look at I like it be the last time I would ever see he again . no goodbye . no handshake . just get up and leave . back to scene : Duncan blink back the memory . duncan ( cont would ) nobody 's see he since . methos describe the look . duncan what do you mean ? methos describe it . duncan it be like ... flash : connor' face duncan ( cont would ) . . . like every death he would ever cause have come back to haunt he . back to scene : methos take a thoughtful sip from he wine . methos for a Immortal who come to abhor bloodsh , there 's a solution -- a way to be remove from the game forever . the price be unimaginably high , but you be , for all practical purpose , protect from the violence within yourself . it 's call the sanctuary . duncan I do not understand . methos think of that Buddhist monk who come to cherish life so much that to step on a single insect , to harm a blade of grass be a violation of they creed . they place themselves into a extreme form of protective custody . a sanctuary of sort . ( beat ) what I be talk about be something similar . but one that do not allow for a change of heart . he open he finger and watch he cup plummet to the plaza below . wine splatter like blood on white marble . methos ( cont would ) apparently it be wipe out last night . duncan by who ? methos I do not know . ext - above the atlantic - day a 747 cruise at 40000 foot . methos ( o.s. ) he leave no witness . int - 747 - day Duncan stare out the passenger window as the flight attendant set a drink down . he lift the little plastic cocktail sword from the glass . yank it out of the olive ... transition to : a broadsword be jerk from a fall warrior . ext - 17th century battlefield - dawn follow the sword swinging above a pair of hide - booted feet that tramp across uneven ground litter with corpse . feet stop at a blood - cake body , swathed in the shred color of a defeat army . on a swift kick to the ribcage -- duncan macleod jerk upright , flail in spastic fit . duncan gahhhhhhh ! ! he blink thickly , as if route from a deep , disorient slumber . gape up at -- a silhouette that eclipse the rise sun . silhouette you have better thing to do than lie there collect fly . Duncan put a hand to he chest , touch the worst of he several lethal wound . utter confusion stitches he face . silhouette ( cont would ) I suppose you be wonder how a knock - kneed swordsman with you obvious lack of skill keep live to fight another day . the figure extend a hand to Duncan . Duncan hesitantly reach up ... duncan ( squint ) be you a angel ? silhouette I have be call that . and worse . duncand hand recoil -- silhouette ( cont would ) Rest assure , I be neither . he hoist Duncan to he foot . Duncan gaze for the first time ever upon the face of connor macleod who smile back with the gift of untold secret . connor I be connor macleod of the clan macleod . and like you , I have a hard time die . transition back to : int - 747 - day Duncan 's now sit upright in he seat as the flight attendant's voice bring he back to the here and now . flight attendant ( o.s. ) we will be make we final descent into New York ... wheel smack down onto the runway at JFK . CUT to : a photograph of duncan pull back and see it 's he passport , hold by a US custom officer . he lower the passport and turn to the long metal case Duncan 's bring with he from the plane . custom officer would you open the case , please ? Duncan hand the Officer documentation as he set it on the counter and open it . Inside be a old , meticulously care - for japanese katana sword . custom Officer study Duncan 's paperwork , smile . custom officer ( cont would ) get much use for this ? duncan you would be surprised . Duncan shut the case and continue on . next man in line watch Duncan exit as he hand over he passport . hang on the photo . we will remember that steel - gray eye . int - cab , drive - day Duncan watch the pass scenery . music and landmark familiar from the first " highlander " sweep past . ext - new york side - STREET - day cab wipe frame , leave Duncan stand before the char husk of connor 's antique store . window board , shred of flap police tape , the investigator have long since come and go . int - antique store door splinter OPEN . Duncan step inside . in the aftermath of the firebombing , nothing have be spare . Rachel and connor 's richly - cultivate collection have be reduce to a bitter moonscape . one can only shudder at the degree of overkill that go into this attack . Duncan climb the back stair to the second floor loft which be even worse . ash and cinder be virtually all that remain of connor 's home . pause at the far wall , Duncan yank down a old char tapestry , revealing a inner door deliberately hide from view . he dip down , retrieve a key from under a loose floorboard and open the heavily - reinforce door . entering he find himself in a large circular room surround by a staggering display of artifact draw from century of personal history . we be look at the sum total of connor macleod 's existance , stack floor to ceiling . Duncan move among the memento , smile as he lift they ; a old Scottish coin , pocket flask ... a fade photo of himself in a World War I uniform . he pause at a painting of connor 's wife heather , radiant in simple peasant garb , smile serenely across the age . finally , a tarnish epee that he wield with instant familiarity . transition to : int - fencing academy , ravenna italy ( 1627 ) - day Duncan 's lunge miss connor by a mile . he stumble upright in a grand hall streak by sunlight from floor - to-ceil window . Duncan and connor face off with duelling sword , sport black waistcoak andd knee breech in the manner of the time . several other elegant fencing payr spar in this most genteel version of the ancient bloodsport , a far cry from the corpse-littered battlefield see earlier . a little mustachioe puffer dart between the duellist with lint brush , pail and towel as connor and Duncan be - engage in a rapid series of strike and parry . connor you have improve greatly . duncan you really think so ? connor execute a simple combination that send ' Duncan 's sword fly one way , he body the other . connor no . I be just be gracious . Duncan recover , set he foot . puffer skitter over , brushes the dust off Duncan 's coat , dab he sweat and puff the back of he hair . Duncan swat he away . they take en-garde position . connor point he blade . connor ( cont would ) remember , you be only immortal as long as you head remain attach to that shoulder . Duncan lunge again . miss and hit the deck . connor ( cont would ) which in you case might not be long at all . he put he blade to Duncan 's neck . humor evaporate . connor ( cont would ) what we give up to we adversary in defeat , Duncan ... be evervthinq . Duncan stare up at he , uncomprehend . connor ( cont would ) we call it " the quicken " -- we strength , we knowledge , we life essence -- it all flow into the victor , feed he , make he stronger , in way you can not possibly comprehend . it 's what drive other immortal to kill we . and what force we to be better -- smarter -- than the rest . he take Duncan by the arm , jerk he to he foot . connor ( cont would ) survival . learn it . Duncan go on the attack . what he lack in technique , he make up for in determination . almost . connor sidestep Duncan 's next lunge , swat he blade flat across Duncan 's ass and send he plow face - first into the floor . Duncan re-engages connor in fight stance . puffer race up behind Duncan again , meticulously dust he backside . reaches around and pluck a unsightly piece of lint off he crotch with thumb and forefinger . duncan ( whirl around ) you mind ?! connor cluck he tongue . connor ( cont would ) allow I . he square duncand shoulder and step back . consider . connor ( cont would ) unh uh . he step up and swivel Duncan around until heus face the opposite way . connor ( cont would ) if you should ever again find yourself backside to a blade ... just keep this in mind . he proceed to take Duncan through a move that 's dazzle in it 's inherent simplicity -- a move that wind up with Duncan 's blade whisk perilously close across connor 's throat . connor ( cont would ) it 's a coup de fin . he catch Duncan 's sword - fist in he own , hold it immobile . connor ( cont would ) properly execute , even you can not prevent you blade from find its mark . duncan properly execute , we will never have this talk again . Duncan and connor 's eye lock . they break . transition back to : int - circular room Duncan suddenly sieze up with a strange disquiet and ringing in the ear know as the buzz . it 's the sense of another Immortal . he swing around , reach for he katana and step back through the door , swinging it close as a young woman appear at the top of the stair . she saunter toward he , glance around . she take she time check out the place before step up to Duncan . the rag crop of she hair and the slashing trowel application of makeup impart a kind of craze anti - beauty . like a post-nuclear barbi doll . Duncan regards she , intrigue and wary . duncan who be you ? young woman a friend . that two word instantly recall the mystery voice on the phone . young woman ( cont would ) or lover . or wife . take you pick . memory jog with a sudden lurch . duncan kate ? young woman Atta boy . ' cept I be " faith " now . part of the makeover . like it ? she run a playful finger across he chest . faith funny how ' the time slip by , huh ? you wake up one day and ohmigod -- airplane ! duncan why're you here ? faith remember we wedding day , Duncan ? I do . she take he by the hand and lead he into a impromptu dance . faith ( cont would ) we dance the " highland fling . " she spin under he arm , circle back into he embrace . faith ( cont would ) I feel like we be fly . her sinuous body move in perfect sync with he . faith ( cont would ) and that we would never come down . she spin out of he arm again -- -- and spin kick he across the face . blood spatter from he nose and mouth . faith ( cont would ) of course , we do come down . do not we ? ( kick he again ) crashinq . Duncan stagger backward into a concrete stanchion . recover . they stand face each other across a gulf century wide . duncan ( spitting blood ) why be you here ? faith be not it obvious ? I want to see you again . Duncan tense at -- the roar of approaching motorcycle . his eye track the SOUND . it 's directly below he . ext - STREET outside antique store three motorcycle hop the curb , slice through the open door to the antique store ... int - antique store . . . and spiral up the back stair . int - loft Duncan 's eye flick upward to a new SOUND , directly above he as -- ext - roof - day a FOURTH bike vault the narrow gap between building and land . knobby tire slam onto the rooftop , squirrelling wild across the tar surface before shudder to a stop . a jackboote heel dig in and grind to a stop . biker suddenly backwheel around , blast through the roof access door and disappear inside . two more biker follow suit , slamming down onto the roof like alien invader . int - loft Duncan react . but it 's not just the full - throttle howl of approach bike . it 's the buzz of approach immortals . the biker now crest the stair and fan out into the loft -- same group we see outside the monastery . tricked out in everything from ked to chainmail , they drag a variety of weapon in they trail hand -- sword , baseball bat , mace , dao and chain - whip . the tip make a scraping noise across the floor that 's deliberately unsettle . they surround Duncan , cut off any avenue of escape . nobody move or speak . just the low staccato growl of idling two -stroke engine . Duncan take a step backward . look to faith . duncan who be they ? faith more friend . pan the face . carlo from bed -stuy , bug from Kyoto , winston from Jamaica , sarge from Shreveport and cracker bob from nowhere in particular . and then there 's calvin . a swagger Immortal from the he 's trade brute force in on a brand new weapon of choice . a digital video camera . calvin make it pretty now . it 's the bottom of the ninth . biker dismount and converge on Duncan , swinging they weapon to limber up . Duncan back away . this be unheard of -- immortal pack like jackal . duncan what -- it 's a team sport now ? calvin ( zoom in ) Whole new ballgame . three immortals attack . they be good . Duncan 's better . about three time better . calvin jockey he camcorder -- goe in tight on Duncan . calvin sup with the new blood , huh ? who 's gonna lay he out ? take he secret sauce ? ( swivel around ) you , Winston ? winston , the tall jamaican , stand off to one side watch , the lone holdout . calvin ( cont would ) nope . too proud . Old school . intercut - video viewfinder image lurch and jostle as calvin mix it up with the combatant . calvin ( o.s. ) how ' bout you , carlos ? you good for it ? carlos --? carlo hurtle through frame . land hard . calvin ( o.s. ) I will catch you later . swish pan to : sword sparking off chainmail . hand and feet pound flesh . body slamm into wall . blood . mayhem . pain . and calvin , catch it all , up close and personal . calvin ( cont would ) sarge be down . cracker Bob 's down . but carlos get some kick . still get some kick . carlos crawl to he foot , ooze blood and spite . calvin ( cont would ) like the man say , you gotta play with the small hurt . carlos lunge -- Duncan lay he out flat again , then swivel around to face -- bug who straighten up to he full five - foot frame . calvin ( cont would ) say hello to my man bug and he ugly - stick . bug brandish a simple metal rod with a woven grip . nothing much to speak of ... until he squeeze the grip -- -- and six blade eject simultaneously . the two on each end be sword blade , one for pierce , one for slashing . jutting perpendicular to the shaft , like a insane swiss Army knife , be twin set of dagger -- two for stabbing and two sawtoothe swordbreakers . and then there 's the shaft itself , if you be in need of a good old - fashioned batter ram . calvin ( cont would ) like it ? come from a tamaric swordsmith . ( grin ) who smoke a lotta very wick stuff . bug open up a multi-pronged barrage on Duncan . Duncan adapt to the first assault -- only to find himself reacting to a entirely new set of insane move . calvin ( cont would ) uhp --- say welcome back to carlos ... carlos cut in yet again , swinging for the stand . he fan several time before Duncan backfist he across the nose and dump he back onto the floor . Duncan spin back to bug as the wiry asian lift he lethal metal rod again and grin . but this time as he squeezy the release mechanism -- -- Duncan kick it , shove it flush against bug 's chest . snick snick two pivoting dagger slice into the dumbstruck Immortal . he fall backward wailing like a stick pig . a booming voice freeze everyone in they track . voice that 's enough . all eye converge on : the stranger who stand at a distance , cloak in murky halflight . stranger I be sorry , Duncan . when it come to discipline , the first hundred year be the hardest . Duncan lower he katana , turn to the Stranger as -- carlo painfully haul himself upright and suddenly bulldoze Duncan clear through one of the immense loft window . Duncan 's launch airborne in a plume of shattered glass , still clutching he katana . carlos hook a arm around the empty window - frame and watch with unvarnish satisfaction as the body spike onto a upright iron rod jutting from the construction site below . stranger what be that ? carlo ( squinting ) full gainer with a quarter twist . Degree of difficulty -- not very . stranger I think I tell you to stop . carlo yeah , well . I stop . stranger ( cont would ) be you challenging my authority ? carlos do he best to ignore he . stranger ( cont would ) because the only way to challenge my authority be to kill I . carlo ( turn away ) hey hey , take it easy , man . stranger ( cont would ) be that clear ? in the split second it take carlos to turn back from the window , the Stranger be right there in he face . carlo shit ! stranger be that clear ? Stranger take carlos ' sword and yank it uo to he own neck -. stranger ( cont would ) here 's you chance . carlos stare wide -ey . pride will not let he back down . fear will not let he proceed . stranger ( cont would ) take it . you will not have another . we can feel the sudden hammering of carlos ' heart . carlo you be crazy , man ! stranger be I ? then go ahead ... ( rub he neck across the blade ) stop the madness . carlo hey -- stranger or walk away ... in perpetual fear of you own shadow . ( beat ) tell I , carlos . can you live with that ? can you live with the fear ? can you live with the weakness ? thump -thump -thump -thump -- stranger ( cont would ) weakness , carlos . be not that why you be here with I ? be not that why you‘re all here with I ?! face it , you be nothing but . . . ( savore ) . . . cattle . blood pound in carlos ' eye . he yank back the sword , cry out and slashes for the Stranger 's neck . close on stranger' hand as it catch he wrist and divert the blade around to carlos ' own throat , wedge it up tight under he chin . stranger ( cont would ) God love you . I do not . in one vicious up - slice , Stranger cut through bone and sinew , stop just short of a clean sever . carlos gag and gurgle in liquid protest . stranger ( cont would ) ( whisper ) they say the worst part , carlos , be that last few second when you find yourself stare at you own headless body . snick -- he send carlos ' head tumble to the floor . stranger ( cont would ) of course it 's pure speculation , since nobody ever life to tell about it . hold on carlo ' eye stare in pure , unknowable horror at he own body , twitching several yard away . a tiny arc of electrical essence crackle from the neck ... the other bear mute witness to the glowing tendril of ENERGY that stutter across the wall and ceiling . ext - construction site below Duncan lie impale on a jutting shaft of re - bar as a unmarked panel van screech into frame . his eye stare sightless upward as the loft window explode with unearthly howl of stretch metal and pulverize concrete . shockwave strafe the wall , blow out mortar and brick . power line SNAP and lash against the building , spitting fiery plume of SPARKS . int - loft see from behind , the Stranger absorb the quickening in a series of wild electro-shock convulsion . ext - construction site below several darkly - clad men jump from the panel van and race up to Duncan . with pit crew efficiency , one take a mondo set of bolt cutter to the metal stake while the other grab Duncan by the arm and ankle . a fourth throw open the cargo door . snap-lift ... they toss Duncan in the back of the van . int - loft , same arm outstretch and rigid , head throw back in silent rapture , the Stranger rise slowly off the floor , suspend Christ -like in the air . blinding haloe of pure radiant essence engulf he , a lifeforce beyond human understanding . the other watch transfix . they have see it all before , but it never cease to amaze and terrify they . CUT to : darkness which become a harsh blast of light . duncan' eye flutter open , squint at the glare . he 's strapped to the same giger-like chair , immobilize . stand around he be hood member of that same monk - like order in what be , essentially , a dungeon . one of they , matthew , step forward . his steel - gray eye be familiar . he 's the one who follow Duncan through custom . as he reach to cinch close one of the iron cuff with a thick metal dowel , he reveal a distinctive tattoo across he inner forearm . one that Duncan instantly recognize . _ duncan watcher ? Matthew simply nod . duncan watcher observe . they do not interfere . matthew true . and we be more than happy to perform we traditional function . believe I , it 's a whole lot easier chart the history of immortal than it be run a day care center for they . unfortunately we role have change somewhat . duncan why ? matthew because the rule have be break . duncan not by I . matthew you be not the one we be worried about . Matthew move to the other side of the chair . peg the arm cuff and ratchet down a redundant set of binding . matthew ( cont would ) one of you kind have go renegade . in do so he 's gain himself a sizeable advantage . one that will be impossible to overcome . duncan nobody 's unbeatable . matthew he 's surround himself with immortal loyal only to he . he use holy ground as a safe haven . and every head take in battle be reserve for he alone , each quicken -- hundred upon hundred -- take by just one man . yes , Duncan . he be unbeatable . Matthew pour a scotch . glenmorangie . hold it to Duncan 's lip like the final offer to a condemn man . matthew ( cont would ) worse still , far worse , be that he 's become a perversion to the game . and if he prevail , that perversion will resonate through everything we know . for eternity . in way we can not possibly comprehend . Duncan tug at he bond . know what 's in store for he . matthew ( cont would ) there must always be two of you kind . as long as there be two , and they be keep from fight , the Prize be safe . the sanctuary must continue . duncan get yourself another volunteer . matthew we have a number of " volunteer . " sadly , that 's no longer the case . another watcher step up and force a iron face shackle down over Duncan 's head . matthew ( cont would ) you will be warehouse . Hidden away . so the Prize can remain safe . Duncan struggle frantically against he bond . duncan you be insane ! matthew for the world , Duncan . we do this for the world ... the watcher take two large bolt and begin to screw the mask directly into Duncan 's skull . duncan' Pov : blackness , accompany by bright searing flash of agony . matthew' voice ( cont would ) do not worry . the drug should kick in momentarily . all external SOUND be slowly drowned out by the pounding in he own brain . a pounding intersperse with jarring , synaptic flash of battle . killing . dying . killing again . dying again . the recycle nightmare finally recede back into nothingness . then , a new SOUND . distant . grind of metal on bone . bolt be unscrewe . Iron plate lift from he eye , flood of light . once again , Duncan squint up at a face . this time , the blurred , swim feature of a familiar irish - american mug . duncan ( woozy ) Dawson ... joe dawson , familiar to many as Duncan 's one friend inside the watcher , smile back . dawson you look like shit . duncan how ... long ...? dawson week , maybe longer . we can not talk here . ( unstrap Duncan ) we gotta go . Dawson react to the sound of approaching footstep . dawson ( cont would ) ( urgently ) now . can you walk ? duncan think so . he take one step and pitch forward onto he face . duncan ( cont would ) potent whiskey . he clamber to he foot and follow Dawson out of the chamber . ext - armory - night Dawson and Duncan emerge from a nondescript cinderblock armory , a overgrown cold War relic recently co-opt by the watcher . they duck some scurrying guard , plow through thick underbrush to a hidden car and climb inside . int - car , travelling - night duncan you know about the sanctuary . dawson just because I be a watcher , do not mean I be always in the loop . duncan I do not buy that . Dawson avert he gaze . stare ahead . dawson I really struggle with it , y'know , the idea of keep guy on ice like that . but I could not argue with the logic . least not ' till they go after you . ( squeal hard onto the main drag ) guess that put it a little too close to home . duncan I owe you . Dawson slide Duncan 's katana out from under the seat . hand it over . dawson do I a favor , buddy . live to pay I back . duncan what happen to the body ? Dawson wince slightly . keeps drive . duncan ( cont would ) c'mon , Joe . dawson listen -- I get you outta one jam . do not push you luck . duncan I need to see they . dawson they be dead . trust I . duncan be one of they connor macleod ? dawson yes . duncan let I see the body . dawson the head be go . you really do not wanna go there . duncan I have to , Joe . I have to know . Dawson jerk the car to a sudden shudder stop . dawson alright ... alright -- if I tell you , that 's it , I be outta here ! you be on you own ! I can not be a part of this , ok ?! duncan ok . dawson ok . Dawson stare at Duncan . a beat , then : dawson fuck . I be a part of it . he throw the car back into gear and fishtail back onto the road . CUT to : a view through the windshield of a forlorn and forget cemetery . nothing mark its perimeter but a topple gate and some trample barb wire . dawson it be a Christian burial . decent . they say all the right word . duncan I can not begin to tell you how reassure that be . pull over . wide Dawson pull over . he and Duncan get out of the car . dawson needless to say , with a dozen unexplainable corpse , they have to go a bit off the beat track . ext - cemetery - sunset from here it look like just a barren hillside litter with break and crumble marble . closer Duncan and Dawson tramp up the shallow incline . dawson ( cont would ) what do you think you be gonna find when you get up there ? duncan I do not know . dawson I be not digging . get that through you skull right now . not this hand ... cresting the ridge twelve freshly - mound grave come into view , gouge into the rubble downslope like wound , each set off by a simple wooden cross . Duncan stop when he reach the first grave . stiffen . dawson what ? Duncan remain freeze , stare , seemingly at nothing . dawson ( cont would ) my dog use to do that with lock closet . I hate that . duncan shh . Dawson listen . nothing but the soft moan of wind . duncan ( cont would ) he 's here . dawson tell I I be not here for a seance . Duncan squint . feel the buzz . slight , but unmistakable . what he sees : a row of stunt oak , thick and gnarled againt the set sun . closer . . . stand against the trunk , silhouette on silhouette , be the ghostly form of a man . barely discernible , he feature be hide in shadow . Duncan slowly approach the figure . Dawson hang back , nervous and slightly twitchy . closer still ... the figure step up to greet Duncan . sunlight brighten the face of connor macleod who smile as he embrace Duncan in the traditional bear - crush of Scottish clansman . duncan sorry I miss you funeral . connor all tell , it be a bit underwhelm . duncan so it would seem . they break . the brief joy suddenly drain from connor 's face -- he eye speak of diffuse , faraway suffer . connor why be you here ? duncan ten year ago you skip out on a bartab . connor 's expression harden . connor you need to know something ... he step up to Duncan , lock eye . connor ( cont would ) every life I touch end . brutally . and for no reason . it 's a curse that 's follow I for century . I can not outrun it and I can not outlive it . ( beat ) you be my last friend in this world , Duncan . I leave for you own good . it be better that you do not know where . duncan the sanctuary . connor yes . the sanctuary . duncan but you escape . connor no , I do not escape ... flash back to the sanctuary as the stranger move toward a shackle connor macleod . connor ( v.o. ) ... I be freed . as before , the immobilize connor stir in a drug-addled haze . connor who be you ? stranger you will know soon enough . connor' Pov - through the bottom edge of he faceplate all connor can see be the Stranger 's hand as it reach down and pull the pin from one of connor 's arm shackle . the cuff fall OPEN . Stranger turn away . a beat later come the unmistakable sound of slaughter that fill the room to a deafening crescendo . connor ( v.o. ) I could not see the slaughter . I only hear it . back to cemetery : we can still see the agony play out in connor 's eye . he turn away , see joe dawson still stand on the ridge , swatting at the occasional deerfly . connor who 's he ? duncan the reason I do not become you replacement . Dawson casually remove one of he leg and vigorously shake it upside down . connor what 's he do now ? duncan Sand in the shoe would be my guess . connor suddenly gaze beyond Dawson to the next hillside and the faint SOUND of approaching motorcycle . he stiffen . connor you be follow . one by one , a half -dozen motorcyclist crest the surround hill and come to a menace stop . duncan yeah . I be meaning to tell you about that guy . Dawson fumble to put he leg back on . hop a full 360 as he watch the intruder surround they . two more approach on foot , follow the same path Duncan and Dawson take . one be faith . the other , the Stranger . except he 's no stranger to connor macleod . Far from it . connor go rigid . breathe stop . his nightmare 's finally take human form . move in for we first clear look at jacob kase stride forward , bigger than death . his be a face hewn by godus sharpest blade , every angle cold , remorseless , puritannical . as before , he 's clad in basic black , accented by the stark white of a priest 's collar . connor ( ice ) Jacob kase ... connor edge back he coat . Hand seek out the grip of he sword . Duncan grab he arm . duncan not here . connor walk away , Duncan . kase and faith continue toward they . connor 's rage seem to ratchet up with every step . duncan you be on holy ground . remember the rule ... pure , radiating hate seethes in connor 's eye . connor the rule be damned . kase stop , inch from connor 's face . cooly regards the sword . kase look at you . you would think after half a millenium , you would learn to keep that you would learn to keep that temper of yours in check . go be any trace of brogue . he 's a fully - assimilate New Yorker now . connor 's finger tighten around the swordgrip ... connor just tell I where , kase . kase if all I want be to kill you , you would have be dead a very long time ago , connor . something roil under kase 's control exterior . a rage every bit as consume as connor 's . kase ( cont would ) but you death alone could never appease the innocent soul you slaughter . flash to several of glenfinnan' villager be mowed down by connor 's mindless fury . kase ( cont would ) it could not even begin to appease mine . flash to kase as he drop to he knee , gag blood , run through by connor 's blade . kase ( cont would ) worst of all , you murder a man of God . who raise I as he son . flash to a father rainey as connor bring he sword cleaving down on he . kase ( cont would ) ... and no punishment conceive by man can ever atone for that . aftermath of massacre scatter wisp of smoke gambol across the demolish common , lead up to the corpse of jacob kase . kase ( cont would ) what you never could have expect be that you would leave behind this one humble servant ... kase 's body lie there as cold as the highland dawn . kase ( cont would ) ... who would trade eternity itself to make you pay . he eye snap open . and we be once again transported back to : ext - cemetery - day kase step closer , revelling in this moment . kase look back over the endless travesty of you life and you will see I . always there , wait in the shadow . ( beat ) when friend and lover be wipe from you sight , I be there . kase ( cont would ) when that you cherish die abruptly and for no reason , I be there . ( kick a clod of dirt onto a grave ) and when a handful of misguide and pathetic idiot just happen to share you own private hell ... ( shrug ) guess who ? he walk a full circle around connor . all the while kase address connor , faith never take she eye off Duncan . kase ( cont would ) but if you think it end here , my ancient friend , you be wrong . very ... very ... wrong . kase turn back to faith . pull he sword and without warning slice it across she throat . faith reflexively gasp , stumble backward , leave -- a wood and silver crucifix dangle on kase 's swordtip . follow the crucifix as he swing it around and offer it up to connor . kase think you might be want this . I keep it for you ... flash to connor' mother , bound to the stake as kase rip the crucifix from she neck . back to scene : connor stare down at the crucifix now in he open palm . kase ( cont would ) for old time ' sake . kase put a arm around faith . kase ( cont would ) want to find I again , connor ? just put you hand together ... kase ( cont would ) ( wink ) and pray . he give faith a little shove and they both start downhill . the surrounding biker gun they engine and ride off on billow plume of dust . connor make no move to follow . strangely silent and impassive , he 's like a warrior gut by a invisible sword . Duncan put a hand on he shoulder . duncan whatever it be ... connor swipe away Duncan 's hand , start walk . duncan ( cont would ) I can help you , connor . connor stop , swivel back . eye dead . connor nobody can help I . he walk off alone , a ghost against a sea of gravestone , duncan connor -- Duncan watch he friend depart , helpless . turn back , he see faith and kase stop halfway down the hill . they seem to be argue . kase turn abruptly and stride off . close on faith she stand there a moment , sullenly rub she throat . Duncan 's voice spin she back around . duncan ( o.s. ) Problem ? faith I get a bit fussy whenever somebody point a sword at I . ( dry ) go a long way back . they eye fix on one another . Air thicken . buzze with electricity . duncan just one question . after all this year . . . ( be : kase ) why he ? faith glance down at kase , who stand wait at the base of the hill . consider . faith because I have never know anyone who have such a amazing capacity for hate . ( beat ) except I . on that , she brushes past Duncan and rejoin kase . transition to : ext - irish countryside , 17th century - day Duncan and connor ride side by side on horseback . they reach a riverbank where a young woman and she elderly consort be detain at a crude wooden toll gate . eight or nine disreputable - look highwaymen surround they carriage . connor ride up to what would appear to be the leader . he have the most tooth . connor what 's go on ? highwayman the lady here refuse to pay she toll . connor toll for what ? highwayman passage over the bridge . connor crane he eye , upriver and down . connor I see no bridge . highwayman what do you think pay for the bridge ? connor consider , then turn back to the lady with a shrug . connor the man have a point . despite she sweeping auburn hair and natural beauty , we now recognize the young woman as faith from a earlier era . her original name be catherine mary devaney . catherine this man be liar and scoundrel . they ‘ve prey upon we three year run . connor this true ? highwayman a good sturdy bridge be not a overnight accomplishment , sir. connor exactly what , may I ask , have you accomplish so far ? highwayman ( proudly ) the tollgate . Duncan trot around the tollgate and up alongside connor . he lean over to the highwayman . duncan Excuse I , but by whose authority do you act ? highwayman ( hold up scroll ) by deed of the King . duncan might I see that ? highwayman slowly unravel the parchment scroll . the nearly - illegible scrawl suggest random word copy by a illiterate . duncan ( cont would ) do the King always sign he name with a " X " ? highwayman 's croney reach for they sword . highwayman he be in a hurry . all eye hover on Duncan 's reaction . two of the highwaymen edge around behind Catherine and she elderly consort , ready to gut they both at a moment 's notice . Duncan track they with he eye . duncan ( nod ) busy man , the King . ( to Catherine ) I suggest you pay the gentleman and be on you way . catherine his deed be a fake ! duncan that 's a matter of opinion . catherine you , Sir , be no better than they ! duncan that 's also a matter of opinion . ( to connor ) shall we ? connor size up he young protege ' . give a dubious nod . connor lead on . catherine you can not just leave ! duncan you be right ... he toss a handful of gold coin to the highwayman . duncan ( cont would ) good luck with the bridge . he kick he horse into a brisk trot . connor reluctantly follow suit . they cross the river through ankle - deep water . connor I can not believe you give that bastard you money . duncan it be not my money . Duncan pull a cinched canvas bag overstuff with coin from he overcoat . duncan ( cont would ) it be theirs . rack focus to the dupe highwaymen scramble onto they horse and riding hard in frantic pursuit . they hit the river at a gallop , kick up giant shimmer fantail of water . duncan ( cont would ) by the time they reach we , the young lady and she escort should be safely out of harmus way . the pursuer close the gap in second . connor grin approvingly . draw he sword and glance over at Duncan . connor shall we ? Duncan flick he own sword , let the hilt auto-rotate around he open palm and snap it vertical . he nod back at connor . duncan let 's . together , they whirl around to face the onrush horde . they battle in the middle of the shallow river . nine maniacal thief against two sport immortal . the spray of water , the slashing of sword and the pound of hoof all build to a operatic crescendo . Duncan 's improve since ravenna . he easily scatter three of he adversary before engage the blood - craze leader . this time it 's connor who find himself in trouble . he tumble from he horse and go down , lose he sword in the river . duncan suddenly wind back and fling he sword at he opponent like a throw dagger . blade whistle past the dumbstruck highwayman 's head . which be not the intend target ... . . .as we discover when we follow it 's end - over - end flight . . . . . . straight into connor' outstretched hand . connor parry he attacker , drive they backward onto they ass , then swivel around and toss the sword back to duncan , who catch it , duck the highwayman 's next swing and swiftly send he pack . connor recover he own sword , which be enough to send the last of they attacker into a full - on , stumbling retreat . they both stand watch as the carriage jostle safely across the river . close on catherine as she look back at Duncan . she give Duncan a know smile that 's as innocent as it be seductive . connor ( watch Duncan ) you know that stir in you gut ? it 's not just simple lust , my friend . duncan I know ... connor ah , but do you really ? match CUT to : faith as she and kase drive away from the cemetery in a late model convertible . ext - cemetery - sunset Joe Dawson walk up to Duncan . dawson I feel like I step in on the wrong party . Duncan keep watch the convertible until it disappear over the next rise . duncan ( quietly ) let 's go . CUT to : ext - bar - night we recognize this place . it 's where connor and Duncan share a last drink together . Duncan and Joe Dawson now hunch over that same bar , stare into they drink . dawson I swear , the man 's a walk ghost . ext - sidewalk - night feet pound pavement . dawson ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) whatever it be he 's carry around inside he , it 's like he 's dead already . glare of streetlight rake across connor 's face , he eye fix forward as if drive by a sense more powerful than sight . connor bump shoulder with a pass pedestrian . pedestrian eyy man -- watch it . he continue on , oblivious . int - bar - night Duncan turn to Dawson . duncan there be thing you do in this life that damn you for eternity . they can not be change . and they can not be undone . you carry this thing to the grave , Joe , in the hope that maybe , just maybe , you will find some peace there . some relief , even if it 's oblivion . ( hollow smile ) but immortal do not die . we just go on relive we sin . over and over again . ext - another STREET - later connor stop . lift he eye to the light . a solitary stone church stand before he in a bed of crawl mist . it seem eerily out of place amid the urban blight around it . int - bar - night Duncan downs the last of he drink , shove off from the bar . Dawson glance warily up at he . dawson where now ? duncan there be two place I figure connor be likely to go . one of them be here . dawson and the other ? duncan you be the " watcher . " you tell I . ext - stone church - night connor climb the step , press through the heavy wooden door ... int - church . . . and prowl slowly through the dimly - light interior . icon shadow loom large and menace . jump CUT : he move along the station of the cross . jump CUT : he 's stalking through the nave . jump CUT : barge into the sacristy . ext - dawson be car , drive - night Dawson 's car scream past with a doppler howl . dawson ( o.s. ) it 's a old abandon church just off Canal ... int - dawson be car - same Dawson 's behind the wheel , gun through narrow back street . dawson . . . perfect safe haven for a so-called priest , huh ? " we Lady of sorrow . " ( dry ) kinda have a nice ring to it . he fishtail around the next corner . recover . dawson ( cont would ) I will tell ya this -- if he 's go after kase , he 's in for a rude awaken . the man 's untouchable . duncan so they tell I . int - church sanctuary - night connor stop before the darken altar , sense buz . the shadowed crucifix stir . arm lift in the darkness . Jacob kase step down off the cross , linger in shadow . kase I would grant you absolution . if I be a better man . he turn and disappear out the back . connor follow . right past kase's posse of immortals scattered throughout the pews , who simply track he with they eye but make no move to follow . winston , the tall jamaican , lean over to faith . winston you know we be next , do not you ? faith lower the book she 's read -- the Holy Bible . look up . faith what ? winston we day be numbered . you can see it in kase 's eye . faith do you believe in a hereafter , Winston ? winston all I know be I will not be hereafter Jacob kase get through with I . and that 's all I care about right now . faith lean back against the hardback pew , close she eye . faith yeah ... CUT to : ext - rear of church - night kase stride just beyond the perimeter of the church grounds , then turn back to connor . connor draw he sword , move on kase . kase the ancient samurai vow never to draw blood in anger . it defile they sense of purpose . ( draw he own sword ) of course they be also somewhat extinct . he step fearlessly up to connor , place he neck against connor 's swordblade ... . . . just like he do with a certain late Immortal name carlos . close on kase's sword he open he finger and let the sword drop . it clatter useless to the ground . kase would you slaughter a unarm man of God again , connor ? would that finally put you soul to rest ? ( low , taunting ) then go ahead . send I home . blood pound with the rage pulsing through connor 's vein . kase ( cont would ) what 's stop you ? guilt ? the nag sense that maybe you , more than I , deserve to die ? Dawson 's car pull up in the background . Duncan jump out . kase ( cont would ) or somewhere along the way do you just lose you nerve ? connor 's sword dig into kase 's neck . break skin . duncan ( approach ) do not do it , connor . connor ( gritt ) keep back . kase ( to Duncan ) you hear he . no Immortal can interfere with another 's duel . duncan he 's play you ! step back onto holy ground before it 's too late -- kase face back to connor . kase go ahead -- what better chance than now ? take you shot . duncan do not listen to he ! kase do it . for you sweet mother ... flash caiolin burn at the stake . suddenly startle , kase ( cont would ) you huguenot bitch in navarre ... flash rear back , throws suddenly startle , the horse bear a french duchess she to the ground , break she neck . kase ( cont would ) Brenda Wyatt ... flash brenda wyatt ( " highlander 1 " ) be see walk in central park . a hit - and -run driver mow her down from behind . kase ( cont would ) Rachel ellenstein ... flash rachel be blown apart in the antique store she share with connor . kase ( cont would ) tell I -- do they even begin to equal the devastation of a entire village ? blade trembles in connor 's hand . kase press he neck even harder against connor 's blade . blood trickle down he neck . kase ( cont would ) so close . soooo close ... Duncan stand by , helpless to intervene . kase ( cont would ) look at you . even now , you be afraid you will lose . that 's you true fear be not it ? ( whisper low , seductive ) oh , it 's not the die , my friend . I know that . that would be a bless . it 's the think of give up you essence to I . make I even stronger by it . one look in connor 's eye and you know he 's right . kase ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? ( almost a purr ) do not you want to be inside I ? connor slowly lower he sword ... and flick kase 's discard sword back up into he hand . kase simply smile and take position . Duncan can only look on helplessly as kase take the first offensive , drive connor backward with dazzle -- almost casual -- swordplay . kase I have take more head than you can possibly imagine . his sword whistle across connor 's face , open a three inch gash over he eye . kase ( cont would ) do you really want a taste of all that accumulate quickening ? connor stumble backward again , blind by he own drip blood . know beyond a shadow of a doubt he 's doom . Duncan know it too . and it 's kill he to watch . still connor will not go down easy . he manage a brief offensive , walk kase backward on he toe . kase put one hand behind he back , fencing - style , and go to work on connor 's torso , crosshatch he in blood . connor lunge wildly . kase parry effortlessly . kase now open up a blinding barrage on connor . it 's like duelling against lightning , so quick and unpredictable be kase 's strike . constantly off balance , connor still manage to nick kase in the cheek . kase ( cont would ) ( touch scratch ) I would almost forget what that feel like . thank you . he now turn it on full . drive connor up against a wall and pin he with he swordtip . his eye go impossibly cold . kase I want you to think back to this moment in the endless night ahead . and know that every time you close you eye , from now to eternity , I will be there . ( beat ) ripping apart the one you care about most . he remove he sword and step back . kase ( cont would ) it 's not over , connor macleod . it will never , never be over . he turn and walk back toward the church . Duncan do not step aside to let he pass -- they shoulder bump . kase ( cont would ) you , on the other hand , be on borrow time . he continue on , past the other immortal who have gather to watch the unfold spectacle . one-by-one , they turn and file back into the church behind kase . connor stare into Duncan 's eye as if want to say something . can not . instead , he turn and start limping out across the empty lot . feeling the presence of another Immortal , Duncan slowly look over at faith who stand at a distance . watch he . as they eye meet , she , too , turn and melt back into the surround blackness . transition to : ext - dublin rowhouse ( 17th century ) - day a beard BRAWLER crash down onto a wooden table . he take the table cloth with he as he tumble head over heel onto the floor in a cascade of soda bread and cabbage . miraculously ( unless you be a irishman ) he spill not one drop of precious guinness , which he hoist in a cheery salute to : the bride and GROOM who sit laugh in the eye of a irish hurricane . duncan macleod and catherine mary ( kate ) devaney -- aka " faith " -- be a stun couple that inspire joyful madness . thing have progress nicely since they chance encounter at the toll crossing . BRAWLER let 's have at it ! they kiss to a chorus of boos . so this time they really kiss . crowd go wild . around they reveler dance and fight with equal abandon , make it almost impossible to tell the difference . but they stop like clockwork for every new toast and testimonial . the beard BRAWLER spear he mug into the air like a royal scepter . BRAWLER happy be the bride that see the sun ! sorry the corpse that see the rain ! close on Beer mug frame in a perfect beam of sunlight stream through a open window . follow the sunbeam to : kate who smile back with she own inner radiance . bedeck in flower , she brown hair sweet low over white lace shoulder and cream skin . she lean over raucous cheer and kiss Duncan , provoking a new riot of and upraised glass . the piper resplendent in they celtic kilt , launch into the " highland fling . kate be instantly yanked up onto she foot and into a rousing jig . before Duncan can protest , he 's hoisted from he seat and flung onto the dance floor . Duncan and kate link arm , goad on by a circle of shouting , stumbling clapper . with each new upshift in tempo , they spin faster and faster until they be hang on for dear life . sight and SOUND gradually blur into a queasy sense of vertigo . but for Duncan , it 's not just the headstrong mix of drink and passion . it 's the buzz of another Immortal . he spin to a stop as he eye come to rest on connor macleod who enter the room on a wave of silence . Duncan break away from kate , cross over to connor and wrap he in a bear hug . duncan about time . I be beginning to wonder . connor I be on a junk in the South China Sea when I get you notice . 12 hour ago . duncan how ...? connor do not ask . kate spin by on the arm of a new partner . kate you be next , connor macleod . connor that better be no idle threat . Duncan watch kate with a rapturous smile . duncan well , I finally do it ! connor so it would appear . duncan what do you think of she ? connor you know that 's not a easy answer . the edge in he voice be not lose on Duncan . connor ( cont would ) outside . ext - porch - night connor stand with Duncan at the railing , stare out into the encroach night . connor you know she 's like we . duncan yes . I sense it the day we meet she . connor so you know that , like we , she immortality can only be trigger by the shock of a violent death . Duncan look off , as if purging the think from he head . connor ( cont would ) it 's what make warrior of we all , Duncan . good or bad , there seem a purpose to it . duncan yes . and without such a death , she will simply grow old and die like any other . be that what you drag I out here to tell I ? connor remove a uniquely - braid golden rope from he vest pocket . it catch the candlelight with the glint of a thousand silken thread as he run it lightly over he fingertip . connor many year after I be marry , I come home to find Heather sit on a stool in the kitchen , with a knife in one hand ... and she hair in the other . flash to : heather , early - forty , she hair shorn to the scalp . she look up at connor with red-rimme eye and a bitter smile . connor ( cont would ) at first I be scared . scare that she would go mad . and then angry , as if she would somehow mean to hurt I by it . back to connor and duncan : connor ( cont would ) when I ask she why she would do such a thing to herself , she answer cut I to the quick . she say it be the one part of she that would not age . it would forever remain the same as when I first fall in love with she . flash to : connor bury Heather in a simple grave overlook they home . tear streak he face . he sink to he knee in unspeakable anguish . connor ( cont would ) and that 's how she want I to remember she . back to connor and duncan : connor close he finger around the braid . squeeze . connor ( cont would ) it 's all I have now . duncan I love kate . I will hold on to she as long as I can . that 's all I can do . kate can be see through the window behind they , exchange dance partner with dizzying abandon . connor if that 's you intent , so be it . Duncan swing over the rail and hop off the porch . take to the ground in long angry stride . ext - cobbled STREET - night conner walk double time to catch up with he . duncan why be you tell I this ? connor because I once love a woman more than life itself . and I watch she die . unlike you , I have no other choice . duncan and I have a choice ?! what would you have I tell she ?! connor I would tell she nothing . she would not believe you . they never do when it involve themselves . duncan then I can do nothing . connor she 's in the flower of she youth . enjoy the moment and let it pass . if you think you can . Duncan suddenly grab connor 's shoulder , spin he around . duncan you would have I kill she ?! be that it ?! be that what you come all this way to tell I on my wedding night ?! connor I would have you do what you heart -- and we conscience -- demand . Duncan settles . search he eye . duncan and if it be you in my place ? connor ponder . then shake he head . connor I thank God I never have the choice . he listen to the faint strain of music and laughter carry on the rise wind . connor ( cont would ) tell Catherine I be sorry I could not stay longer . he clasp Duncan by the forearm . then turn and continue n down the cobble lane lead from the wedding party . transition back to : int - soho HOTEL - night Duncan lie sleepless in a nouveau-stark hotel room , somewhere in the bowel of Manhattan . a half - empty bottle of glenmorangie be there for company . the door creak OPEN , casting a single ribbon of light across the room . it widen to reveal the silhouette of a woman . Duncan close he eye . feign sleep . she pad silently inside . pull the door close . Duncan remain still , breathe heavily . the woman steal slowly up to the bedside . pause , as if quietly study Duncan -- -- then swing she leg up and straddle he . even in the murky halflight , he can still make out the familiar paint eye frame by a tangle of bleach hair . she say nothing , she expression lose under a veil of darkness . only she rapid breathe betray she tension . instead , she suddenly lean forward and kiss he . passionately . Duncan respond in kind . as if powerless to do anything else ... lightning stitches the sky outside as -- they embrace . body entwine with a urgency that build with the STORM raging outside . on the next thundercrack transition to : ext - empty field ( dublin ) - night angry sheet of rain rake the countryside as Duncan slog imlessly through calf - deep mud . still in he wedding arb , he 's thoroughly drench , as if he 's be wander this way for hour . int - rowhouse - night the last of the guest have go or pass out beneath topple keg of ale . only kate remain upright , she face etched with sober dread as duncan appear in the doorway , rivulet of water pour off he shoulder and brow . for a while they just stare at one another , each lose to he own sense of forebode . kate be the first to speak . despite she stoic veneer , she voice come out small and terrify . kate if this be wrong , Duncan , tell I now . say nothing , Duncan slowly cross the floor and take she hand in he own . int - bedroom - night candle flicker in the storm - feed draft that whistle through close window . kate lay Duncan 's rainsoake clothing across a nightstand then turn , regard he naked for the very first time . Duncan reach out to touch she . she tremble . gently , as if unwrap a object of unimaginable fragility , Duncan remove she clothing down to a simple float chemise . then guide she down onto a canopy bed encircle by a hundred fresh - cut wildflower . hand clasp , finger dig into skin . whatever refinement kate display in public be now happily abandon . she arch up under Duncan , put she lip to he ear . kate I will love you forever . on a ominous thunderclap -- transition back to : int - soho HOTEL - night we be back in the present . Little have change but the sheet . and the fury of they lovemake . each new thundercrack highlight a different aspect of they hunger -- they wet , glisten body strobing faster and faster until the act itself become abstract from any sense of time or place . flash frame stutter inside the lightning : silken hair coursing over cream - color breast and a simple pewter cross . eye similar in shape and color , that shift from paint to plain ... fingernails that toggle between neo-goth black and natural pink ... faith throw back she head , bite back the shudder of release ... . . . and sink down into the bed with a draw sigh . int - dublin bedroom - night a shadow darken kate as she sleep . it linger there , deadly still . duncan stand over she , grip by indecision . the fateful choice tear at he , even as he hold a dagger over she gently - rise chest . his hand trembles . duncan ( softly ) forgive I . kate eye SNAP OPEN as the dagger plunge into her heart . for a instant they eve meet . and in that single shatter moment , Duncan know he choose wrong . it 's not just terror that pass through kate 's eye . it 's the incomprehensible pain of betrayal . kate gasp once , jerk and settles . lies there dead , blood pool across she nightgown . Duncan stare down at she body , numb . duncan I be sorry ... on that look we transition back to : int - HOTEL - night the pain imprint on Duncan as if he 's still clutching the knife . duncan I be sorry . whatever passion stir faith moment before be go without a trace . her eye be as cold and empty as the dead kate . faith you have no right . duncan I be do it for you . for we . flash to : int - dublin bedroom - night kate convulse back to life , eye wild , insane . Duncan reach out to she , which only send she reeling further into panic delirium . she swat at he , punch flail ... duncan now you be a immortal . like I . it be the only way ... word fall on deaf ear . she wrench out of he grip . stumble for the door , drench in she own blood . leave Duncan stand mindblown in she wake . ext - dublin street - night kate flee through wet empty street -- barefoot , nightgown rip and bloody , face contort like a madwoman . breath come in rag , whimper gasp . she trip , fall . come up run . back to present : faith climb off the bed , throw on Duncan 's shirt , whirl back , tear streaking she face like warpaint . faith you want this ! I never ask for eternity ! you force it on I ! ( scream ) it be my decision , not yours !! duncan would you have really understand ? faith understood ? which part ?! the part about never have child ? or the endless , numb sameness of it all ? ( bitter laugh ) or maybe you mean the part where you wake up one day and realize you be nothing but a whore rack up faceless affair because whole lifetime tick by so fast they do not even count anymore ! she wrap she arm around herself as if to stem the escape demon . Duncan remain silent , take it all in . faith ( cont would ) here 's the kicker , Duncan . I come here for one reason and one reason only . to see if I could feel again . anything . she walk out , leave the door hang wide in she wake . int - hallway faith reach for the stairwell door as -- --duncan' arm lance out , hold it shut . duncan ( lean in ) I be watch my best friend drive insane by something that happen four century ago . and there 's nothing I can do to stop it . because that people be dead and nobody can bring they back . faith struggle to open the door . Duncan hold firm . duncan ( cont would ) but I be lucky . you know why ? faith let go ! duncan I be lucky because my crime can still be forgiven . faith let go !! duncan as long as you be still alive , there 's at least the chance . it could take year . Centuries even . it may never happen ... faith be now pushing furiously on the door . duncan ( cont would ) but at least I can still carry the hope inside I . that 's one bless of immortality . there 's always tomorrow . he let go of the door and step back . duncan ( cont would ) even for you . faith shove she way past he and disappear into the stairwell . CUT to : ext - manhattan skyline - night connor macleod stand on a rooftop , sword in hand , face upturn to the bitter heaven . sting wind and rain slash at he face . he do not even blink . CUT to : ext - near church - night see through a camcorder viewfinder , we rove Pov wend its way past a couple fix junky up to a garage where winston hunker over he bike make repair . kase 's church loom in the background like a veile threat . calvin ( o.s. ) win-ston . winston shut that thing off . calvin ( o.s. ) hey , c'mon . winston shut it off ! screen black out as Winston slam he hand over the lens , ending camcorder Pov . calvin set it down . calvin awright ... winston I be out . I be leave . calvin you be out . you be out ... you do not g&z out . winston watch I . calvin you see what he do to carlos . he 's genghis the fuck hun , man . you live he way or you die you way . be grateful you get the choice . Winston look off . winston we could take he . calvin huh ? say how much you value you life ? winston forty - three guinea . saw the bill of sale myself . Kingston Jamaica , August 14th , 1813 . calvin sorry there , cinque ' , but I get a bigger price goin on this unit . winston I watch connor macleod stand up to kase tonight . get I think . calvin what about . winston that maybe my soul be not part of the deal after all . calvin consider he point . calvin you really think we can take he ? winston the man can not stop a bullet . I know that much . but I need you help . calvin yeah and who take he head , huh ? get that bucket fulla lucky charm . you , Mr cool ? ( beat ) who 's gonna be master then ? insert - calvine camera and that little glow record light ... ext - rubbled cemetery - dawn follow connor macleod CUT to : as he reach the crest of the cemetery ridge . he sag against a solitary windswept oak , slide down until he 's sit cross - legge at the base of the tree . eye wide , unblink . before he stand that twelve dead immortals from the sanctuary , directly over they burial plot . they head be miss . connor look on impassively . even as -- thousand more now stipple the barren landscape . all headless , in period dress span untold century . the forget casualty of a endless , impossible war . connor nod solemnly . connor soon . he blink . the specter be go . time lapse on connor : day become night become day . and still he sit there , unmove , as if ready to embrace the rest of eternity from this one desolate spot . transition to : ext - cemetery ridge - day connor remain sit against the tree as a shadow slice over he . he slowly tilt he gaze upward . squint . duncan ( o.s. ) there 's suppose to be a end to all this , right ? a final answer ... Duncan slide down next to he . gaze out at the trackless ocean . duncan be not that the " prize " we be all butcher each other to win ? connor I already know the answer . the " prize " -- the real prize - - be just to close you eye and see nothing . duncan I do not believe that . connor you think the game be still about good against evil ? a better world ? look around . who among we really deserve to win ? duncan not Jacob kase . connor and who 's go to stop he ? you ? I ? duncan there have to be a way . connor look off . nod . connor oh , there 's a way , kinsman . there 's a way . but I do not believe you have the gut to take it . duncan try I . connor stand up . offer a hand to Duncan . haul he upright . connor alright then . he suddenly lash out with he sword . Duncan barely catch connor 's blade with he own . duncan what be you do ?! connor do not you know ? the better of we will take the other 's gift . pray it will be enough . Duncan lower he blade . duncan I will not do it . connor then you will die . again , connor strike . again , Duncan barely escape with he head . and settles into a fight stance . duncan it can not end like this ! connor it already have . Goodbye , brother . he swing for duncan' neck . steel ring against steel . clansman against clansman . CUT to : int - church sanctuary - day faith sit in a center pew , head bow , deep in think . or prayer . hard to tell with somebody like faith . kase sit down beside she . kase you be with he . he curl he nose , as if he can still smell the sin . kase ( cont would ) woman be a temple build upon a sewer . faith glad I can help you feel a bit better about yourself there , Jacob . kase remember what you be when I first find you ? a whore . now look . a liberated woman . faith fuck you . kase run a delicate finger across she neck . kase be grateful I do not this minute remove you pretty little heafod . faith ( look up , cold ) Holy ground , lover . it 's a bitch , be not it ? CUT to : ext - cemetery ridge - day two figure dot the faraway ridge as the savage music of they swordplay peal out across the barren countryside . moving closer , we watch this timeless warrior exchange strike that would drive lesser man into the ground . each gift in he own way , neither gain full advantage over the other ... . . . they both gradually succumb to exhaustion . closer : connor and Duncan finally lower they sword , panting and spend . duncan ( hollow rasp ) enough ? connor ( barely audible ) enough ... and that 's as much as either can say as they suck back great gulp lungfulls of air . a little color finally return to Duncan 's cheek . he mop he face with he sleeve . duncan next time I will not hold back . connor nor i. dragging he sword like a half - ton barbell , Duncan turn and make he way back toward the " rest tree . connor close he eye and hoist he sword ... connor ( whisper ) remember well , old friend . duncan feel , more than see , the oncoming blade . he turn into the arc of connor' swing -- slow motion he react on pure instinct , sword lifting , body pivoting with the drive force of connor' thrust ... flash to : connor teaching that same move to duncan back in 1627 . flash back to : connor' sword as it graze duncand side . duncan' katana swing up with the same vicious thrust , catch connor under the chin ... connor do not flinch . time suspend the instant before blade meet flesh ... connor' voice the game be not about survival , Duncan . it 's about live . in the end , it 's all that matter . real time -- the blade cut clean through connor' neck with unstoppable momentum . Duncan cry out as he follow through , blood stain he blade with the crush reality of what he have just commit . he sink to he knee ... . . . and scream to the heavens . the heaven answer back with thunder , lightning and gale force wind that seem to come from everywhere at once . pure essence -- --howls out of connor' body . duncan con-norrrrrrr !! it surge upward into endless sheet of lightning . Duncan convulse at the epicenter of a growing clash between earth and sky . shockwave pound through he skull , trigger a last fleeting vision of connor macleod : walk with Heather across a open field . he turn and look back at Duncan . connor' eye shine with a look of ultimate peace and transcendence . he seem to be gaze straight into Duncan 's soul . and smile at what he see as -- a final blast of essence rip through Duncan 's brain . ext - highrise - night dissolve to : Duncan stand alone on the rooftop , stripped to the waist , move slowly through a elaborate kata . the precision of he movement bely the chaos inside he . he windmills the katana over he head , faster and faster , until he suddenly release it -- the sword pinwheels through the night sky , arcing out across the open space between building ... Duncan watch its long , lofting trajectory ... . .. then take off running . he reach the edge of the rooftop and leap . wide leg cycle through empty air , he trace a match arc directly under the far-flung sword . like a long - jumper stretch for that last inch of sand , Duncan hyper-extend for the next rooftop . ext - next rooftop he leading foot hit the edge -- dig in , pivot and set . he hand thrust upward as the sword grip slap into he OPEN palm . finger wrap around the ivory hilt , slowly lowering it down to eye-level . go in close on that eye and see a new Duncan macleod . stronger . deadlier . a man cooly aware of he own destiny . CUT to : ext - armory - day Dawson 's car pull up to the generic cinderblock building that now stand unguard and abandon . int - armory - day Dawson enter , squint into the darkness . the interior look as if it 's stand fallow for the last three decade . no giger - chair , no gothic restraint . no evidence the watcher ever take up temporary residence here . except for matthew , who emerge from the stale halflight to confront Dawson . matthew I be a bit surprised to see you again . all thing consider . Dawson just stand there , hand plunge inside he coat pocket . matthew ( cont would ) as you can see , we have to move on . find a new sanctuary . dawson it 's wrong . what you be do . it 's inhuman . matthew ah , but they be not human , really . be they ? dawson gimme a reason , Matthew . matthew it 's for the good of we all . you know that . dawson gimme a reason . Matthew cock he head like the rca dog . matthew because we must . it 's that simple . and if you get in we way again , there will be very serious consequence . dawson gimme a good reason . Matthew pull a gun . aim it at Dawson 's heart . matthew I be sorry to have to do this , Joe . he pull the trigger ... as two slug pound into he chest . Matthew topple backward , dead . Dawson palm the gun still conceal in he coat pocket . nod . dawson reason enough . CUT to : ext - new york STREET - day kase be roaring through narrow street in a low - sling convertible , faith at he side . with utter disregard for speed or care , he gun it madly in shriek turn . int - convertible , drive faith grip the dashboard two-hand . faith slow down . kase adrenalin 's good for the sex drive . faith I be not amused , Jacob . she reach over and slap on she shoulder harness . kase think maybe you need a little more excitement . you know , spice up we relationship a bit . wide he oversteer , carom off several park car , recover ... kase ( cont would ) I mean , be not that why you go back to Duncan macleod ? the risk ? faith I do not know what you be try to prove . kase put a arm around she shoulder ... kase why do I have to prove anything to you ? .... as he foot flatten the accelerator . engine whine . kase ( cont would ) I can have anything I want already . faith except I . and that bug the shit out of you , do not it ? kase not really . at the next turn it 's clear he will never make it , he 's go too fast . kase only smile . releasing the wheel , he stand in he seat , lift he arm above he head and shout in exultation as -- -- the car explode into the wall . it 's all over in a breath . accordion metal , drool radiator , and faith , slump over the dash . kase lie sprawle and batter on the pavement , throw some distance from the wreckage . he 's clearly take the worst of the impact . faith stir and slowly wrench herself free of the smoking mangle of steel and plastic . she reach back and pull kase 's sword free of the wreckage . with single - minded determination , she limp over to kase 's body , face - up in he own pool blood . a disbely pedestrian pause in shock . faith give she a twisted smile . faith do not mind we . pedestrian scurry off as faith lift the sword over she head and bring it whistling down across kase 's neck . with inhuman reflex , kase awaken and catch she wrist in the same heartbeat . eye narrow . kase do this mean it 's over ? dissolve to : ext - kase's church - day kase step up to the back entrance , alone . the door hang slightly ajar , which clearly disturb he . int - church sanctuary - day kase enter the main room to find calvin and sarge asleep on they pews . he kick the first pew , awaken both with a start . kase who leave the back door open ? calvin huh ? kase look to sarge . sarge I dunno . kase where 's cracker Bob ? he be suppose to be watch the back . calvin and sarge both shrug . kase ( cont would ) ( sotto ) infant . he whirl , stalk out . int - sacristy kase enter he dark , cluttere office , slamming the door behind he . flick on the light and stop cold . a sword jut from a small wooden table ... . . . right through cracker bob , who lie skewer to the tabletop . wrapped around the swordhilt be caiolin macleod unique silver - and -wood crucifix . the message be not lose on kase . bob' eye suddenly flutter open . first thing he see be that sword hilt stick rudely out of he own chest . cracker bob ah -- ahhh -- ahhhhhhh !! kase shut up . he reach forward and jerk the sword out of Bob , and with it a single scrap of paper impale on the blade . it bear just one word , scrawle in Bob 's plentiful blood . glenfinnan Bob sit up on the table , wild - eye , as kase calmly open he finger and let the paper slide from he finger . CUT to : ext - little italy , establishing - night glitter light and milling tourist . row upon row of gimmicky italian restaurant . int - italian restaurant , private room - night Jacob kase and he acolyte dine at a long table set against a gaudy backdrop of faux Roman ruin , babbling fountain and plastic holly . it all impart a whiff of " last Supper " pomp to the proceeding . which be not lose on the other immortal , who glance around warily while eat , as suspicious of each other as they be of kase . nor do anyone miss the fact that there be no window in this particular room . close on winston he stare into he pasta , bead sweat . beneath the table he finger curl around the cold steel of a .38 special wedge between he knee . he inch the gun upward toward the table rim as ... kase suddenly stand up in the center . kase a toast ... all head turn . gun freeze in Winston 's lap , just hide from view . kase ( cont would ) I see tonight as a celebration of the spirit . ( raise he glass ) here 's to all of you who continue to stand by I ... ( smile at Winston ) . . . even that who might waver at time . Winston stiffen , fear that kase be on to he . and when calvin avert he gaze , he know . still , he raise he glass . as do the other . kase ( cont would ) you be my flock . you nourish my soul . it 's now or never for Winston . his moment of truth . kase 's eye slowly drift over to meet he . slow motion , kase tip back he glass and drink , eye lock on Winston . Winston respond in kind , gulp down he wine as he slip the gun back into he pocket . he shove off from the table . winston Excuse I . kase where you go ? winston toilet . kase sit sit . I be not through with my toast yet . winston can not wait . he angle for the door . kase I be almost finish . sit. Winston reach for the doorknob . lock . he swivel back . see death in Jacob kase 's eye . his death . kase ( cont would ) it will all be over in a few more second . a cold spike of fear shoot through every single one of they ... . . . as kase continue . kase ( cont would ) you‘ve all be a part of a great quest . a four hundred year quest for justice . he lift up a exquisitely - craft sword . kase ( cont would ) and here , my friend , be the instrument of that justice . it 's call the " colichmarde . " finest sword know to man . the blade whistle upright . kase ( cont would ) bless by pope and baptize in blood . I only break it out for special occasion . he kiss the perfect cross form by the juncture of blade and quillon . kase ( cont would ) it sing like a angel . just listen . Winston jerk for he gun . in a sudden blur of steel and blood , kase behead Winston and dispatch the next two of he stunne acolyte with blind efficiency . tongue of liquid ENERGY coil up and around kase 's body . but he keep right on come . the other scatter like roach . essence pulse off wall and ceiling , shatter statuary , hurling furniture ... . .. before merging with the walking inferno that be now Jacob kase . his sword blaze through the remain victim , trail streak of blue FIRE . one after another , they drop headless to the concrete , trigger a full -on multiple - quickening . the next wave of essence slam into kase front on . his knee buckle . another Hit he broadside , buffete he one way as yet another pound he from the opposite - side , rock he back center and immobilizing he inside a omni-directional crush of light and SOUND that white out the frame . dissolve to : ext - scottish highland - day a thick clinging fog , enshroud the rocky highland . somewhere along the invisible coastline below , a foghorn moan . the skeletal remain of a ancient gaelic castle loom spectral gray above jacob kase who stand before a ancient celtic monolith ( familiar from glenfinnan 's town square ) revelling in the changeless land of he birth . kase ( call out ) where else could stir the blood of a Scotsman too long of this earth and too far from home ? kase pick he way across the uneven ground , unable to see beyond the reach of he own arm . kase ( cont would ) ( fill he lung ) I can nae get enough of it . he draw he sword , extend it outward until the tip disappear from sight . a low scraping of metal on stone taunt he from somewhere out there in the slow - drift whiteness kase 's sword twitches toward the SOUND . just the faintest outline of a figure coalesces briefly inside the fog . kase ah , what 's this ? hamlet 's ghost ? the figure melt back into silent nothingness . kase ( cont would ) I be afraid even the cloak of fog will not help you overcome a sizeable disadvantage . a different scraping SOUND spin he around to see another ghostly figure loom over he from a narrow stone outcropping . kase mask a slight tinge of concern . kase ( cont would ) it 's always good to see two fellow clansman band together in a common cause . but I hope you have not sink to the level of a simultaneous ambush . once again , the figure step backward into the envelop fog . disappear . slightly unnerve , kase jerk around . no sign of anyone . just that infernal mist . a soft scraping of sword against rock swivel he back around to he original position . close on kase his nerve be start to shred . he turn several full rotation , craning for a glimpse of he tormentor . and then he see it ... a apparition wielding a sword . kase lunge for it . and this time , it do not retreat . sword clang in thunderous overture as two spectres in the fog battle for position on tenuous foot . kase drive he adversary backward into a blunt stone wall , leave he no avenue of escape . they sword lock up and kase suddenly find himself face to face with -- duncan macleod . you can sense kase 's bitter disappointment . kase not at all who I would hope for . close on duncan' eye as they flick to a point iust behind kase 's head . close on kase's eye as he realize he 's be have . he swing fully around to face connor -- -- and see that nobody' there ! too late -- he swing back to duncan -- and impale himself on duncan' sword . duncan ( through clench tooth ) I be afraid connor could not be here . but do not worry , he 's with we in spirit . still grip he sword two -fisted , Duncan seem to surge with newfound strength . duncan he give himself for this moment . and I sha not let he down . Duncan shove off from kase and go to work on he with a vengeance . what kase sees : a frightening , hallucinitory vision of a dual adversary -- one that change back and forth in the flux of swirl mist . as Duncan 's blade blur past , kase see connor . with the very next swing , he see Duncan again . then connor . then Duncan . connor. Duncan ... kase rub he eye with the back of he hand . shake it off . can not be . Duncan buffet kase backward with several dazzle combination , then go inside , tough and ugly . kase seem suddenly overwhelm , physically and mentally , as he 's drive onto he back by sheer relentless overdrive . Duncan slashes down for the kill blow , which kase barely deflect . he slashes again . and again . each time kase barely escape with he head intact . Duncan keep up this relentless barrage , hack down in every conceivable direction , look for a open , find none . with each increasingly - leaden downstroke , Duncan be lose strength ... . . . and kase be regain he . kase battle back to he feet , deftly sieze the advantage . kase ( savage smile ) this be not a game win on point , I be afraid . he drive Duncan back with a answer exchange that leave no doubt of he superior ability . in a single massive thrust , kase strip Duncan 's sword and send he fly . Duncan land on he back , weaponless . kase step up to the katana , scoops he toe under it and flick it back to duncan . then wave he back to he foot . a cat play with he prey . both combatant square off ... and resume . kase that 's the beauty of eternity . the fun never stop . he thrust -- spike Duncan clear through the shoulder . Duncan hang up on the blade , unable to move . grimace in pain . setting boot to chest , kase kick Duncan off he sword and send he spiralling backward . Duncan reach out to break he fall -- -- but there 's no ground beneath he . he plummet off a slanted cliff . bounce at fifty foot , then tumble clear to the bottom . kase step up to the edge , scowl . a freshly-cut quarry have be hewn from the hilltop by the massive sword of modern technology . earth moving equipment several storey tall line the inner basin . kase what have they do to my mountain ?! he gaze down at duncan' body sprawle at the base of the cliff . then start down after he . ext - bottom of quarry - day Duncan crawl over to he sword ... . . . as kase pick he way down the steep incline . Duncan spike he sword into the ground and use it to climb upright . one look at he batter body and you know this fight be over . he just stand there , hunch over he sword , grimly wait for kase to reach he and deliver the kill blow . it do not take long . kase stop , regards he with contempt . kase do not make it easy . I hate that . duncan you‘re break my heart . kase pick up ! Duncan shake he blood-streaked head . kase pick up ! duncan it 's always be too easy for you , kase . no reason this time should be any different . he pluck he sword out of the ground ... . . . and turn he back to kase . duncan ( cont would ) take you best shot . he hobble off , sword hang limp at he side . kase start trembling with rage . kase macleod ! Duncan ignore he , keep walk . about now , we should have a pretty good idea what Duncan have in mind . but kase do not have a clue . duncan' Pov : for a fleeting moment , connor stand before Duncan , more mist than flesh . he open he arm wide . connor' apparition remember weil , old friend . he dissolves away as kase hoist sword over shoulder ... kase ( cont would ) mac-leod !! . ..and charge ... which be exactly what Duncan expect . using the same move connor taught he -- -- Duncan pivot with the thrust , catch kase completely off guard and off balance . this time , no force of man or nature can keep Duncan 's sword from hit home . he slice upward with a roar of defiance ... . ..and follows through . on kase : he stand there , head miraculously still intact , a look of bewilder relief . Duncan simply pop he sword butt into kase 's face . the head come easily away from the neck and fall . kase's Pov spin end over end through the air , bounce twice and come to a rest sideways . and that 's how we first see he headless body , sprawle across the ground . kase's severe head blink with sudden recognition . and now he know . this be the worst part of lose you head -- that last few second of cold lucidity . duncan open he arm to heave underfoot . wide - the quarry the ultimate ouickening as the earth wall explode like a circle of volcanoe venting into the center . Duncan claw upward on a groundswell of RAW ENERGY as dirt , rock , ash and smoke obliterate the basin . the seismic convulsion gradually subside . the dust settles . and the blight landscape fall into a unearthly silence , blind to its own bury secret . hold on the trail wisp of smoke as the ground shudder and duncan' katana break the surface . it plunge upward one , two , three more time , pulverize dirt and stone . hand follow , claw they up way through the loosely - mound earth until duncan' head and shoulder appear . as if the earth itself be give birth to a new generation of Immortal . he roll out onto the ground , gasp , triumphant . reborn . one inch at a time , he slowly rise to he foot . as we keep on rising up into a fiery highland sunset . tilt back down to : ext - highland above glenfinnan Duncan stand over a freshly - dig grave . onto the simple stone , he 's chisle : heather macleod beloved wife of connor and beneath it : connor macleod beloved husband of heather Duncan 's eye glisten with a unspeakable loss . and a comfort in know that he friend have finally find the peace of eternity . duncan yours be the great prize my friend . welcome home . linger on duncan as we dissolve slowly to ... ext - manhattan skyline - dawn faith stand sentinel - like atop a bluff overlook the Hudson River and the insignificant island of Manhattan beyond . her trademark slashes of facepaint and hair dye have be shed like molt skin . what remain be a serene beauty that defy fashion or vanity . her faraway eye blink with a sudden , frightening clarity . the buzz set she reflex snap as she spin around -- -- and catch the colichmarde , handle first . duncan follow , strolling toward she with hand loose at he side . faith run she finger down the shimmer blade . faith ( consider ) so ... what be I suppose to do next -- kiss you or take you head ? Duncan step up to she , smile enigmatically . duncan the choice be yours . fade out : the end