highlander by Gregory wide 1 ext . STREET - night 1 garish purple light spill out of side - street porno house , illuminate a silhouette , and little else , of a man lean against a alley wall . he be wait . another silhouett figure appear and approach the first . they size each other up as best they can . first man macleod . the second nod . the first without hesitation raise a sword , the intend thrust interrupt by he own death as the second with a flash of metal sever the agressor 's head . 2 int . hutch - morning 2 a 15th century Scottish home . a haggard woman , she small child cling to a tatter apron , stand hunch over a glow hearth . her vein hand drag a wooden spoon around and around through a soot - cover pot of grey soup . from a adjoin room conor macleod , a young man dress up in he best traditional celtic tartan , enter . mother my , but be you the picture . conor ( surveying himself ) it 's a bit tight . his father enter with a pail of milk . father ah , conor , how you look a man . mother have you time for some - thing to eat ? conor no , mother . they will be here shortly . conor 's father look he over with pride . father you grandfather wear that in he service to the King , and I to fight for the Duke . mother must he go ? father aye . it be he duty . all of ours . mother but Ian , he 's still but a boy . father he 's a macleod . conor I will be fine mother . 3 ext . hutch - morning 3 several horsemen gallop up through the early morning fog to the cottage door . conor 's father step out to meet they . 4 ext . hilltop - morning 4 a massive knight sit astride he horse , moorish dew cling - ing to he helmet and breastplate . a clansman hike up the heather - carpete slope to he . clansman they march . knight be the boy among they ? clansman aye . 5 ext . alley - night 5 the second kneel to examine the headless body of the first . with a clack a window , high on the alley wall , close . 6 ext . highland plain - morning 6 the duke be lead a brigade of clansmen out onto the plain . mounted vassal ride back and forth inspect the line . the low fog make it impossible to see beyond a few yard . there be a erie , smother silence . vassal # 1 be a bad day for this . vassal # 2 the Duke have be compro - mise . he will have he due . vassal # 1 by day 's end he will have we head . vassal # 2 we ride against the suther - land . that be all that matter . vassal # 1 this make no sense to I . conor and a friend be march through the moist heather . friend the fog be bad . we can not even see the side of we own rank . conor 's nervousness be show . friend be this you first ? conor aye . shout be hear on the plain . friend it 's begin . 7 ext . hilltop - morning 7 the knight , above the fog , hear the battle commence below . he spur he horse and start down into the mist . 8 ext . plain - morning 8 the two oppose clan be now one confuse mass of tartan and clash sword . the air be charge with shout of ex - citement , agony , and the shrill of bag pipe . the fog have make each man 's battle he own , each isolate with he opponent . the knight ride calmly through the fraca . he strike and kill that that assault he , but appear disinterested in battle . he be look . conor be stand above the twitching body of he friend . alone and confuse , conor have become seperate from the clan . he stumble through the fog , seek help . suddenly he be alone with the knight . the face of iron lock its gaze onto the boy . his fear turn to panic , conor turn and flee . the knight , he resolve steel in a raise sword , kick he horse into persuit . conor be easily overtaken and on he first pass the knight bring he blade down hard into conor 's shoulder , slice open most of the boy 's back and knock he face - first into the heather . as conor watch he own blood spew forth , he roll over in time to see the knight dismount and start for he . the knight leans down next to conor , he metal face nearly against the boy' . his voice slither out of the iron in almost a whisper . knight there can be but one . a clansman charge out of the fog and attack the knight , who cut he nearly in half . another wander in and meet the same fate . the battle be shifting to where they be . not finish yet with conor , the knight be find himself force into retreat from a ever increase number of assail - ant . a vassal see he man be hack apart try to stop the now -mount knight . vassal # 1 leave he ! the clansman obey . with the slap of a armored gauntlet against he steed , the knight disappear into the fog . the vassal survey the carnage before he . his eye fall a moment on the moan , gurgle conor . the vassal turn and leave the boy for dead . 9 ext . alley - night 9 a patrol car pause at the mouth of the alley . the figure consider he situation , then quickly shove he sword into a near - by drain . he straighten up and wait . a officer step out of he unit and cautiously walk forward . his partner switch on the patrol car 's side lamp , bathing the alley in a harsh glare . man in alley for the first time we can see he face . richard taupin , clad in a well - cut business suit , look exactly like conor . the police officer , upon see the body , grab instinctively for he pistol . he yell to he partner now come into the alley . officer # 1 Kevin ! get be a backup . taupin I be merely walk by when - officer # 1 do not move . the officer have he pistol out and levele . his partner run up , shotgun in hand . officer # 2 they be on they way . his voice cut short as the blood flow against he shoe . officer # 2 Christ . 10 int . hutch - night 10 conor lie moan on a cot . makeshift bandage wrap he body , stain and paste by thick , dry blood . the family surround they die son . a priest be deliver the last rite . priest ... libera domine animan servi tui sicut libertasi David de manu regis saul ... his sobbing mother hold a compress to conor 's forehead . priest ... in mamus tuas domine commendo spiritum meum ... 11 ext . hutch - night 11 a vassal ride up to the hutch , dismount , and approach a clansman stand in the open doorway . vassal # 1 have the boy die ? clansman he be have the last rite now . it should be over by morning . vassal # 1 never see anybody cut as bad live so long . he should have die on the field . clansman tonight or tomorrow , it 's all the same . the vassal peer inside at the priest administer the sacrament . priest ... auditorium nostrum in nomine domini ... vassal # 1 this have be a dark day . priest ... requiescant in pace ... 12 ext . alley - night 12 there be a bustle of activity . setting up barricade , uni - form officer be try to keep new crews and curious onlooker at a distance . detective lt . moran lean , fortyish , and comfortable with the gore in front of he , be inspect the corpse with a medical examiner . examiner ( study body ) Real clean . no saw action at all . whatever it be do it in one swipe . ( look up at moran ) like the other one . moran gesture to a sword , wrap in plastic , lie nearby . moran what about that ? examiner have not any blood on it . moran ( look around ) about the only thing that do not . examiner I will give it a closer look when I get back . brenna cartwright pretty but not beautiful , thirtyish , she exude a sort of insolent intelligence . a officer see she duck under a police barricade . officer # 3 come on brenna , you know better than that . brenna I be invite . she walk to where the medical examiner be organize he equipment . brenna ( greeting ) Mr. Levine ... the examiner turn and smile . examiner hope this be not past you bedtime . brenna look to the now - sheeted corpse , blood flow from where the head should be . brenna do not have a head , do he ? examiner this one come unassemble . Lt. moran be stand near . moran ( no warmth ) just show she what she come for , Tom . examiner ( stand , tap brenna 's arm ) come on , this be more you line of work . brenna and the examiner walk the few yard from the corpse to the sword . examiner how 's you uncle ? I hardly ever see he anymore . brenna Fine . the examiner stop and gesture to the weapon clothed in forensic plastic . examiner there you go . brenna 's expression change to interest as she kneel down beside it . examiner do not look like it come from " toy - be - we " , that 's why I call you . brenna ( look up in moran 's direction ) do not think it be my buddy over there . examiner figure you know more about sword than I do . brenna claymore . examiner huh ? brenna Scottish claymore . take a french epee , add twenty pound of ballast so it mean business , and you have get a claymore . examiner you be the expert . brenna ( run hand along hilt , slightly confuse ) it 's in good condition . richard taupin be be put in the rear of a patrol car . brenna study he face in the half - gloom . there 's something different about he . a steadiness . 13 int . police interrogation room 13 Richard taupin be seat at a graffitti scrawle table in a room otherwise bare of furnishings . he seem unphase by he surroundings . the door open and moran enter with bag and notebook . he pick up taupin 's wallet on the table top and check the driver 's license . moran this you present address ? taupin yes . moran mr.- ( look at license ) taupin , what be you do in that alley ? taupin I be walk by when I hear a shout . you man come right after . moran do you know the victim ? taupin no . moran his name be iman fasil if that jog you memory . taupin it do not . moran he be carry a syrian passport and have be in the country less than a week . taupin 's face be stoic and control . moran two day ago a bulgarian national be murder the same way . he would also be in the country less than a week . ( beat ) what be you citizenship ? taupin american . moran pace to a corner of the room . moran do you make a habit of hang out in that neigh - borhood at night ? taupin what be you get at ? moran let 's just say that in my year with this department I have see more than one well dress business man look for a hand job on 14th Street . moran place both hand on the table and lean across it . moran what be _you_ look for ? taupin that 's none of you business . moran you be wrong . moran reach into a bag on the table and remove a large broad sword ; old , but in mint condition . moran do you know what this be ? taupin I presume it 's a sword . moran a claymore to be exact . you would not know anything about it would you ? taupin you murder weapon ? moran it be cover with Mr. fasil 's fingerprint , but none of he blood . taupin a mystery . moran for the moment . moran turn the sword over in he hand then set it down . he rise and open the door . moran all right Mr. taupin , we will be in touch . taupin pass through the doorway without comment . 14 ext . police station - night 14 taupin out into the crisp night air . his eye search out the darkness . dissolve to : 15 ext . conor' family hutch - day 15 a medieval sun beat down on a old traveler make he way up the macleod home . conor 's mother , scrubbing clothes in a bucket , smile in recognition . mother ah Steven , it be good to see you . traveller I only just hear of conor . I come up from catroch as soon as I could . mother you be a kind man to be sure . traveller I think it only proper to pay I last respects to the family . mother Steven , conor do not die . traveller but I have hear he wound be mortal . mother they be Steven , they be . it 's be a miracle it have . he last right through and heal . no one in the village have ever see anything like it . ever . 16 ext . meadow - day 16 perched on a heather - carpete rise above the village a young woman , mara , sit contemplate the intricace of a daffodil . balance on a shepard 's staff , conor limp over and put he lip to she ear . conor you be pretty today . mara be silent . distant . conor I be you future husband , remember ? mara I have no future husband . conor I do not understand . not a week ago you father give we he bless . this be difficult for she . tear well in she eye . mara my future husband die in battle against the sutherlands . conor what be you say ? I be stand here as real as you . mara you can not be real , conor . you have the last rite . no man have be cut half as bad and live . conor but I do live . mara live ? in less than a week you be prancing about the country like a squirrel . conor so why the crazy talk ? it 's a miracle it be . Saint Andrew have smile on I . on we . mara some think not . conor who ? mara there 's rumor in the village . some call it magic . conor that 's mad . surely you do not take they word ? mara I do not know , conor . it 's not natural . maybe something have touch you . conor you be sounding like that mad woman , widow baggin . mara I father have take back my hand . he put a hand to she cheek . conor ah , lassie ... she step back . mara please not be touch I , conor . conor I will not take that kind of talk from you . from that other below , maybe . but not from you . mara leave I alone , conor . please . conor you be not talk sense , mara ! anger tumble into exasperation . conor I be sorry . he step for she . she move away . conor 's face harden with resentment . conor if you send I away now , mara , I will not come look for you . mara ( cry ) do what you must . resigned , conor turn and limp away . dissolve to : 17 int . antique shop - day 17 classy antique . unusual . clock , table , chest . small and personal . Richard taupin enter and shed he overcoat . receptionist Mrs. Thompson agree to settle for fifteen , melvin 's want to make a pick - up at three o'clock , the coffee machine 's break , and there 's a miss cartwright from the smithsonian in you office . taupin be hardly in the mood . 18 int . taupin' office 18 brenna cartwright stand in taupin 's cluttere surroundings admire a bagpipe set neatly on a shelf . brenna do you play ? taupin yes . brenna very traditional . taupin sit down and begin sorting through a stack of papers on he desk . taupin ( impatient ) miss cartwright , what be it I can do for you ? brenna I would like to ask you about the claymore . taupin it 's not mine . brenna it 's quite rare you know , some - thing so common in its time so well look after all this year . taupin miss cartwright , unless you have come here to sell the sword , there 's very little I can help you with . now if you will excuse I , I have a great deal of work to do . brenna have take a carve from the shelf . brenna byzantine ? taupin basil the ii . brenna charm guy , basil . once after beat a army of serbian he blind all but - taupin - all but one out of a hundred , I know . all leave to be lead like donkey back home . now if you will please - brenna suddenly toss the carve at he . taupin snatch it out of the air with lightning precision . brenna good reflex . taupin good day , miss cartwright . 19 int . smithsonian museum department office 19 a lonely , ancient room full of equal part dust and oaken study table . the department supervisor sit at he desk surround by a handful of he staff researcher - brenna include . a fade , stern portrait of some forget curator preside over propped up foot , cold coffee , and half eat sack lunch . brenna I do not believe he . supervisor why ? brenna he 's too cool . too sharp . I think he 's get something to do with it . researcher # 1 oh , have you penetrate research on 9th century lithuanian dildo suddenly make you a expert on the criminal mentality ? brenna screw off , Larry . the man , laugh . they delight in bait she . researcher # 2 open a budweiser and pour the beer into a medieval mug he 's borrow from the collection . researcher # 2 the cop buy it . they let he go . brenna what could they hold he for ? I think they be just wait for something concrete before they haul he in for real . we should look into it . he have to have get that sword from somewhere . supervisor hang on a sec , you do you little favor for the boy downtown , I be sure you uncle and the rest be perfectly capable of take it from here . brenna I have see nobleman sword that be not as well preserve . it 's just a hunk of peasant iron . why would he be carry it around in a alley ? researcher # 1 here we go . everytime there 's a murder in town we have to put up with junior d.a . researcher # 2 must be genetic . brenna someone should check he out . maybe a collection somewhere get knock over . he have one , he might have two . supervisor you see that desk ? _ your_ desk ? you see the crap pile up on it ? brenna give it a rest ned , huh ? researcher # 2 might be interesting to see what he family connection be . that 's a hell of a piece to be just chuck - ing around in a alley . supervisor ( sigh ) I swear to God brenna , between you and Thompson 's novel I be go to get a bloody ulcer . researcher # 2 lift the mug of beer to he mouth . CUT to : 20 int . tavern 20 a empty mug be set on the counter of a medieval drink establishment . clansmen , they face and clothes smudge with a day 's work in the field , relax and enjoy the company of they fellow villager . no longer require the use of a cane , conor enter . conor ( to owner ) even , Douglas . douglas conor . the tavern go silent . wary . the attention be on conor . conor ale suit I . the owner unenthusiastically fill conor a mug . conor take it and walk to where four other villager sit . tavern man # 1 we rather you not be sit with we , conor . conor look to the next table . tavern man # 2 we be drink alone as well . the entire tavern spell the same sentiment . conor what 's wrong with you all ? silence . angere , conor approach the second man . as he loom above he chair the man in genuine fear pull out a cross and thrust it forward . tavern man # 2 requiem acer 'nam donaei - conor what be you do man ? tavern man # 2 - et lux perpetua - conor you will not be bring the church into this . tavern man # 2 - luceat ei- the weird display frighten conor . conor be quiet . tavern man # 2 - auditorium nostrum - conor stop . tavern man # 2 - in nomine sanctus esperitu - conor stop ! conor hurle he mug against the wall . his nerve shattered , he rush out . 21 int . macleod hutch 21 conor pack a satchel with he few clothes and belonging . he walk to the doorway where he mother and father wait . his mother , tear on she cheek , hug he tightly . mother please take care of yourself . conor aye . conor turn to he father . father I wish there be some other way . they clasp hand . father Goodbye , conor . conor Goodbye . without look back he pass through the doorway and down the empty path , he figure quickly fade in the moorish fog . dissolve to : 22 int . police department 22 the noisy business - as-usual confusion at the Washington p.d. processing center . amongst the dinge of clanging phone and clacking typewriter , a uniform officer enter something into a computer terminal . brenna sit perch on a desk nearby . desk officer this be against the rule . brenna so 's play choo-choo with two high school cheerleader in the middle of - desk officer - okay okay . brenna you owe I . besides , I be cute . the computer return a reply onto a printer . desk officer ( tear off sheet ) taupin , Richard Marshall . bear March 16 , 1945 in Church Hill , maryland . received first driver permit 1967 in Philadelphia . brenna Church Hill , that 's pretty close , be not it ? desk officer anything in maryland be close . 23 ext . georgetown STREET - day 23 taupin step out of a Metro station and walk the few block to he brick townhouse . climb the front stair , he fish he key out of a coat pocket . about to insert the key he stop , sense something . back down the step , taupin slip around to the rear of the building . 24 int . taupin home 24 like a spider taupin pries open a window and slip silently inside . the home be dark and still . taupin creep down the hallway and peer into the entryway . there a man , dress in a tuxedo jacket and nearly imperceptible in the dim light , be crouch at the front door . he be hold a sword . taupin remove a knife from he pocket and jump the intruder . the two struggle fiercely . taupin pin the intruder against the carpet and shove he knife firmly against the man 's throat . taupin where be he ? bulg eye stare at he . taupin where ! intruder I do not know . taupin what name be he use ? taupin press the blade . a trickle of blood roll down the throat . intruder Smith . Carl Smith . taupin how many come ? intruder the last four . taupin and the bulgarian ? intruder he get he . ( hoarse chuckle ) he always do . eventually . taupin he know I be here . how ? intruder none of this would be happen if you have not run ... the knife be press deeper . taupin _ answer_ I . intruder ( gasp ) we learn he would find the immigration notary in Liverpool and trace they to New York . then he figure out the birth record in Church Hill ... 25 ext . rural highway - day 25 a city limit sign announce the small community of Church Hill be overtaken by brenna 's sedan . 26 ext . roadside cafe telephone booth - day 26 brenna look through a telephone book . brenna taupin ... taupin ... nothing . she close the book and drum she finger on the cover . 27 ext . county record office - day 27 a 1860s stone column affair , far more impressive than the low-lying town that surround it . brenna enter . 28 int . county record office 28 brenna sit sifting through a large cloth -bound book entitle _ certificate of birth : 1941-1948_. brenna ( read ) tarmin ... Tatum ... taupin , Richard Marshall . bear to William and Karen taupin , no address . attend - ing physician , Dr. Willis kidell . 29 int . dr . kidell' home 29 Dr. kidell stand at he bookcase leaf through a binder . kidell 1945 , that strain the memory . ( after a fashion ) here we be , Richard taupin . he carry the binder to the table where brenna sit . kidell would you like more tea ? brenna no thank you , I be fine . kidell sip he own and look over the binder page . kidell he be unsual . brenna why ? kidell well , this be a small town , and it be even smaller then . most all the baby I deliver be from local family . Richard 's parent be just pass through when he mother 's time come . I do it right here at the house . brenna then you do not know Richard later on . kidell no . brenna I have be try to find somebody who know he and any connection he family might have have with museum or historical society . kidell do not know about any of that . suppose nobody do . brenna I do not follow you . kidell poor little tyke do not have a chance . hopelessly premature . he die a few day after he be bear . brenna the boy _died_ ? kidell mother too . sad case it be . the young lady just could not make it through labor . never even see she son . Dr. kidell remove from the binder a tatter newspaper clipping . kidell my brother work for the town paper at the time . he take this picture of the funeral . something in the clipping spark brenna 's interest . brenna have you speak to anyone else about this ? kidell there be this one fella . ask a lot of question . I be out of town but I hear he spend near a full day in the record office . brenna would you remember he name ? kidell ( think ) Carl Smith . 30 int . police station 30 a police line -up . Seven men , all dress in Santa Claus outfit with bare leg , be parade for a small , old lady . officer just tell we when you see the one . several row back in the dark sit brenna 's uncle joe , the district attorney , and another man , he assistant . uncle joe forget it . brenna I be just curious . uncle joe you be never " just curious " . ( to assistant ) you have meet my neice , brenna . assistant hi brenna . officer ( to line - up ) number 5 , lift you coat up more . uncle joe be not you get a little old for this ? you flunk out of law school . brenna ( roll she eye ) now there 's a new topic . uncle joe do not they have enough for you to do at the castle ? brenna put on she best little - girl angelic smile , a smile she uncle can never refuse . uncle joe ( sigh ) forger do it all the time . they take the birth certificate of some - one who die young and use it to get legit i.d. usually they carry it long enough to pass some bad check then dump it . brenna thanks . uncle joe call you mother . you never call she . officer ( to old lady ) well ? old lady I do not know . I would have to see he thing . 31 int . brenna's bedroom - night 31 a swath of moonlight shine in across a carafe- turn -vase , a New England college diploma , and a police uniform hang from the bedpost where brenna lie with another man , dennis . brenna I can not figure out why he 's do it . he 's be Richard taupin at least since 1967 . and the guy rich . you should see the stuff he have in that shop . dennis maybe he 's hide from something . brenna some guy name Smith be ask about he in Church Hill . I pass he name around with you buddy downtown but they draw a blank . so he be not a cop . District anyway . Dennis get out of bed and begin put on he uniform . dennis probably just some exec ducking a ex-wife . brenna Dr. kidell have a picture in he file of the funeral . the father look just like Richard . even have a mark on he cheek . dennis how old be Richard ? brenna p.d. say 41 , but he barely look 30 . dennis find the father . that should clear thing up . he button he shirt . something occur to he . dennis taupin , be not that the guy moran pick up the other night ? brenna yeah . dennis he would want to know about all this . brenna Mr. congeniality ? let he find he own clue . there 's a journal article in this somewhere . dennis ( shake head ) uncle joey 's little girl . can not get the taste out of she mouth . Dennis put on he police cap . dennis well , the cream of society await . ( cock hat to one side ) if you be ever in the neighborhood ... brenna sure . 32 ext . river embankment - night 32 police officer , they flashlight cut the darkness , search the mud shore of a potomac tidal basin . the glow jefferson Memorial can be see in the distance . detective moran be supervise . a officer climb up the embankment to he . officer they find it . the officer lead he down to the river where a headless body wear a tuxedo jacket be be put into a plastic bag . officer it be about fifty yard down - stream from the head . moran look down at the body bag , its dark plastic reflect the rythmic rotation of squad car beacon . officer both be cut real clean . like the other one ... 33 ext . equestrian riding ground - day 33 a steeple- chase course lie shroud in a Arlington fog . across the damp grass a lone horse , heaving cloud of warm breath , leap gracefully over a hurdle . driving the steed hard through the course , taupin pull firm on the rein , bring horse and rider to a shudder stop where detective moran wait . moran there 's be another murder . taupin lift he eye to the suburban treeline . taupin my condolence . moran where be you Tuesday night ? taupin Home . moran a neighbor see you car leave . taupin he 's mistaken . taupin climb down from he horse . moran move close . moran look , I do not know what the hell you be up to , but I think I have get a pretty good idea . taupin do you ? moran all I need be time . taupin I have get all the time in the world . ( look at watch ) except right now . if you will excuse I , Lieutenant . in no hurry , taupin lead he horse away . 34 int . museum research department 34 brenna sit surround by book of old English law , colorful family banner plate , and a medieval caltrap sit on she desk corner . bore quickly , she shut the book and sigh . from another folder she pull out a computer sheet . insert computer sheet the police sheet have taupin 's name and motor vehicle record . below be list four william taupins , they hometown and drive record . Richard taupin 's first driver permit be in 1967 . brenna look down the list to a william taupin of felton , delaware , who stop fill for driver permit in 1967 , the year Richard start . 35 ext . gas station - day 35 drop a couple of quarter into a vend machine , brenna remove and open up a map of the State of delaware . 36 ext . graveyard - day 36 brenna step out of she car at a small town cemetary . holding a slip of paper , she weave she way through the shade cover tomb of revolutionary heroes and they descendant . on a small rise fresh dirt lie in careless pile around a open grave . Richard taupin stand at the mouth of the pit . a coffin have be brutally pull from the dirt and lie open and propped diagonally beside a marker that read : " william michael taupin " . the casket be empty . brenna someone beat you . taupin have you take to touring small town cemetary , miss cartwright ? brenna grave robber ? taupin probably . brenna who ? taupin people like that rarely leave business card . brenna do Carl Smith ? a flash of interest , quickly suppress . taupin I do not know what you be talk about . brenna I think you do . better yet , I do not think anything be steal because nothing be there in the first place . and I think Mr. Smith , whoever he be , now know that . taupin you have a active imagination . brenna I have be to Church Hill . taupin miss cartwright , you be involve yourself in matter that do not concern you . I strongly suggest you return to Washington and stay out of small town cemetary . he start for the gate . brenna I could find he . taupin stop . brenna I have friend . taupin I doubt that . ( beat ) good day , miss cartwright . he walk on . after only a few pace taupin suddenly shudder to a abrupt stop . brenna what 's wrong ? he hold up a open palm to silence she . taupin you help may be unneccessary . the air be still . taupin 's face be expressionless . he listen intently . sense . a unseen voice ride seemingly on the wind . voice ( o.s. ) good afternoon , " Mr. taupin " . taupin whirl around to see a large man stand with broad sword in hand . we have never see the knight out of he armor before , but this man certainly seem to fit the bill . wearing Levis and leather jacket in contrast to taupin 's expensive business suit , he speak with icy evenness from a face of stone . taupin , naked without he own sword , be trap against a marble wall . knight Long time . taupin not so long . the knight be close in on he , sword grip in both hand . taupin you have be here from the start . knight my quarry grow clever with age . and the other , incompetent . the knight throw brenna a glance . knight friend of yours ? taupin of sort . knight I do hope she enjoy a good show . the knight lean he whole body into a two -fisted swing , clanging out a chunk of marble as taupin duck . a second swipe also imbed itself in stone . knight so now it end . a thrust cut only air . knight generation upon generation . ten of thousand of mile . taupin leap behind a tree . the knight cut it nearly in half . knight you be the last , macleod . romirez , lacroux , neuvich , that fool that follow I , they head all line my shelf . all but yours . taupin drop to the ground in a shoulder roll to avoid a swipe . knight can you feel it , macleod ? can you _feel it ! taupin grab a tree branch and rap the knight on the knee , knock he over . the knight quickly rights himself and cut the branch from taupin . knight there can be but one . he raise he blade . a elderly watchman , shotgun cradle in he arm , stand in the clear . watchman hey ! what 's go on here ? the knight pause a split second then with decision launch he sword spear- style firmly into the watchman 's chest . taupin push past he to brenna . taupin run ! brenna be freeze in shock . taupin shove she roughly toward the gate . taupin run ! knight macleod ! the knight retrieve he sword from the watchman 's body and lumber after they . taupin and brenna bolt from the cemetary and into the surround - ing residential area . 37 ext . residential STREET - day 37 taupin lead a exhaust brenna in a gallop down the side - walk . they have apparently lose the knight . taupin pause at a corner . he see a church across the street . 38 int . church 38 brenna enter and collapse into a pew , she labor breathe echoing off the high ceiling . taupin walk the length of a aisle to see that they be alone . satisfied , he lean against a banister and consider he sit - uation . try to recover she wind , brenna have she eye close and head against the back of the pew . brenna Jesus Christ . taupin you will be safe here . he will not kill in a church . brenna why not ? taupin ( distract ) tradition . brenna what the hell be go on ? taupin stare out the window , stain glass shine orange on he face . he look at brenna briefly , then pass through the Church 's doorway without a word . dissolve to : 39 int . medieval blacksmith shop 39 a glow horseshoe hiss wildly as it slip into a wooden cool bucket . pull it out with iron tong , conor lay it on a counter and pound it even with a mallet . sweaty and streak with dirt , he toss the mallet aside and walk out into the late afternoon sunshine . 40 ext . shop frontage - day 40 conor lean over a water barrel and dunk he head and arm , clean off a day 's worth of sweat and grime . juan romirez stir up dust with he travel boot , this Spanish acc - ent man stop at conor 's shop . he wear a large broad sword strapped to he waist . conor afternoon . romirez you name be conor ? conor aye . romirez ( bow slightly ) Juan cid romirez . Chief surveyor and alchemist . conor ( notice accent ) you be not from this part . romirez I be from Spain . and I would like a moment of you time . 41 int . conor' home 41 romirez be seat at a table . his back to the Spaniard , conor be prepare some food . conor I have not much to offer , Mr. romirez from Spain , but you be welcome to what 's here . romirez please go to no trouble . romirez be look at the faint , pale hint of a scar that run from conor 's shoulder blade to he waist . romirez you back , it would seem perhaps you be injure in battle ? conor five year past I clan fight another over some - thing I can not even be - member . romirez you mark would suggest great injury . conor I be nearly kill . romirez but you live . conor look up from he work in pain memory . conor I do at that . romirez and but for a mark you be well as any man , no ? conor aye . romirez I should imagine that you recovery must have alarmed you fellow villager , perhaps give they reason to invent a explanation . and a solution . something be not right . conor turn and face he . conor I be drive out . romirez and now you live in a small village mile away from all you know . conor how can you know this ? romirez ( tone lighten ) first food , no ? a good meal make conversation so much easier . stun with the implication of what romirez have say , like a robot conor serve the meal . his eye never leave romirez , who dig hungrily into the food . romirez hmm , que rico . what be it you call this ? conor pheasant . romirez you Scots have a way with game . it still have life in it . Spirit . back home the food be so ... domestic . conor why be you here ? romirez I be send by he majesty of Spain to inverness as a con - sultant on matter of metal . conor you be a long way from inverness . romirez in my travel I hear the story of the macleod boy strike down and bring from the hand of death by power not of this Earth . conor you know I home . I name . romirez it be time for we path to cross . romirez pull back the sleeve on he cloak . romirez you see this ? he trace some discoloration on he arm . romirez when I be a boy a cart drive by a drunken fool crush I . all think I would die or be maim for life . but I heal quickly . and like you I pay the price for be different . conor you be the same ? romirez do you ever feel a flow , as if some - thing be push against you ? conor yes . always . romirez do it change with I in the room ? conor it be less . romirez you feel you know I . conor I do not know why . romirez we be brother . 42 ext . village - night romirez and conor walk alone amongst torch - light hutch . conor he tell I there could be only one . romirez some cling to sanity through time with the one continuity and trad0 ition they life have know : the game . ( conor confuse ) you and I conor , we be different from all other around we . you know this , you can feel it . we be flesh and bone like any man , but unlike we neighbor we be rather difficult to injure , ( look away ) permanently . conor I do not understand . romirez you be still so very young . conor I be twenty - two . romirez ( shake head ) not even a single lifetime . romirez choose he word very carefully . romirez conor , you and I , we can not be kill . conor what ? romirez we be immortal . stun , conor back away from romirez . conor no , that can not be . romirez grasp conor 's shoulder . romirez it be as you be . conor ( push away ) no ! this be all too much for conor . romirez listen to I . hear the word . conor this be madness ! romirez it be the truth . conor no ! romirez suddenly draw he sword and thrust it into conor 's heart . the boy 's mouth drop open in shocked terror as he eye roll up into he head . a shudder , then conor slide off the blade and crash to the ground . dissolve to : 43 ext . police station - day 43 brenna stop she car in front of the Washington Police depart - ment . get out of she car she climb the stair but stop . after a moment of indecision she change she mind and return to she car . 44 int . brenna's apartment - day 44 brenna lower herself wearily into a chair , rub she eye , and stare absently out the window . reaching across to a end table , she play back she answer machine . beep . male voice this be Dr. wickland at gwu . you test come back today . you can call I here at the mo center if you have any question . click . beep . supervisor's voice brenna , where the hell be you ? the place be full of cop ask weird question . what 's go on ? I have get work stack up . get in here right away . brenna stand and go to the kitchen , return with a glass of wine . click . beep . knight's voice brenna . she freeze in she track . knight's voice my quarrel be not with you . meet I . brenna 's eye be glue on the machine . knight's voice we have much to talk of , you and i. answer for the young historian . ( beat ) o'reily 's . tonight . I have grow to like tavern . click . beep . several little girl ( sing ) happy birthday to you , happy birth - day to you , happy birthday dear brenna , happy birthday to you . brenna be still upset from the last call . mother' voice hi brenna , it 's mom . I and you neice just want to call and wish you a happy birthday . crissy make a real cute card for you , be sure to call she . will you be home for Easter ? call when you can . Love you . click . hiss . dissolve to : 45 . int . conor be home - day 45 this hiss of brenna 's answer machine become the hiss of cooking . bandage about the chest , conor asleep on he cot . suddenly he sit up . sweating . he look about the room in confusion as romirez enter with a plate of food . romirez Three day you have laid there . it 's time you eat . conor ( daze ) this can not be . romirez you be not dead , boy . accept it . conor this be monstrous . I will burn in hell for all eternity . romirez you would have to die first . ( extend forkful of food ) aqui. conor start crying . conor what be to become of I ? be I to wander the Earth forever like a ghost ? romirez you will live . survive . conor then they be right . I be evil . this be God 's punishment . romirez you have do nothing wrong conor macleod . conor oh my God . oh my God I be lose . dissolve to : 46 ext . conor' village - day 46 two day later . nearly heal , conor and romirez stand near a quietly move stream . conor why do he want to kill I ? romirez you recall how I speak of the push you feel and how I make it less ? conor aye . romirez it be always less with my live . Far or near . but if I be to die the push would become stronger than ever before . there be power in this . and as long as you and I live , the knight can never have it all . conor but we can not be kill . romirez there be a imperfection . for all you heal , if you head ever leave you neck , you be dead . you can survive anything but steel against you threat . then it be over . the end . conor how can I stop such a man ? romirez hide . run to the end of the Earth till you learn . you must learn to defend yourself . in this I can help . conor why ? romirez we be brother . and you be a defense - ( beat ) - of sort . 47 ext . pennsylvania farmhouse - day 47 a old man , mr . NORTH , lead taupin up the drive of a rural farmhouse somewhere in the hinterland of Pennsylvania . mr. NORTH when you father die I see to it that the grounds be keep up . taupin the money in the estate be enough to cover you cost ? mr. NORTH oh yes , more than enough . 48 int . farmhouse 48 Furniture clad in white sheet . Dust everywhere . mr. NORTH most of the furniture be put into protective storage . I will have some boy come up and clean the place out for you . taupin drag a finger across a dusty window pane . mr. NORTH ( fascinate ) you be one of William 's kid , huh ? taupin his only kid . mr. NORTH sure take after he . never see a father and son look more alike . taupin we be very close . mr. NORTH the resemblance be amazing . taupin when may I expect the cleaner ? mr. NORTH I will send they right up . 49 int . " o'reily be " - night 49 couple stranger gyrate under color light and record music . brenna sit alone . whatever nervousness she bring through the door with she have be turn into a comfortable cynicism by the three empty glass in front of she . a man with something less than perfect coordination , sit down beside she . man that stuff will put you away if you be not careful . brenna there be a Count . Count dusan . he would invite the local peasant to he chateau , fill they full of wine , then slice they belly so he could reuse it . ( smile ) the symmetry of that somehow always appeal to I . man you be very macabre . brenna it 's my birthday . man happy birthday . brenna thanks . brenna drain she glass and set it down with a sigh . brenna buy a birthday girl a drink ? 50 int . pub - night 50 a small neighborhood tavern . regular chat amicably with the bartender -owner . taupin sit alone at a corner table . a waitress hover over he . taupin lager and lime . later taupin 's lager be drain . lose in think , he drag a finger around and around the lip of the mug . he hand stop . it twitches . shake . taupin pull he hand from the glass and watch it shake slightly out of control . a warning . he whirl around suddenly to see ling kahn , asian , stand over he . kahn macleod . taupin be anxious , poise for attack . kahn break into a broad smile . kahn spare a chair ? taupin kahn ? kahn be you go to offer I a chair or leave I stand here all night ? taupin sit . kahn take he place across the table . taupin ( unsure ) how be you ? kahn head still secure to the neck . taupin how do you find I ? kahn how many place this side of the Atlantic serve lager and lime ? taupin look to he own glass . kahn Old habit die hard . ( to waitress ) waitress ! a round of nitzhic ! ( beat ) peasant drool , I know . but it 's the close thing they stock to my side of the fence . taupin what be you do here ? kahn it be the gather , my friend . the settling of old score . taupin tense . taupin and have you something to settle with I ? kahn ( smile ) not tonight . tonight I have a drink with a old friend . taupin it 's good to see you , kahn . the waitress set down two glass . kahn come , toast with I the past . ( raise glass ) to old conquest , old love , and to a time when we care about either . kahn drain he glass . kahn waitress ! 51 ext . the WASHINGTON mall - night 51 kahn and taupin sit drunkedly on the marble step of a close government building . kahn I will never forget the look on that papal commander 's face when he " heretic stronghold " turn out to be a rock full of whore climb all over neuvich . taupin neuvich , the clown of the crusade . kahn but then ride up Pope pius who calmly brushes the dust from he papal cross , climb off he papal horse , draw he papal sword and ask just what the hell be go on . and what do neuvich , dear dear drunken neuvich do ? taupin offered the Pope one of he whore . they laugh . a jogger stop on the gravel and listen to the strange conversation . taupin have a great swing with he blade . for a Pope . kahn ( sigh ) good time then . a man could stretch he leg without bring - ing half the world down around he ear . not like now . the jogger shake he head and run on . taupin ( serious ) he find we even there . kahn he always do . 52 ext . zoo - night 52 a clinking of chain link as taupin and kahn climb a fence and tumble into the Washington Zoo . taupin I have not drunk this much since - kahn - since you last see I . kahn chuck a empty wine bottle . a unspecified animal growls sleepily somewhere in the darkness . kahn come on . 53 ext . display area - night 53 taupin and kahn stumble through a open-air display of asian animal . they voice seem to echo everywhere . kahn I love zoo . ever since I be a kid . taupin you be never a kid . kahn lean on the wall of a water buffalo pen . kahn ( point at one ) I know he great- grandfather . taupin you be insane . kahn no , seriously . we use to shoot pool together in rangoon . taupin how do you do it , kahn ? how do you live so full of life for so long ? kahn tasting and enjoy life be the only thing of value we have . all else be just mark time . ( beat ) you be mark time . taupin I have have a few more concern . kahn jam he hand into he overcoat and start down the footpath . kahn the pressure only come when you let the taste slip into you mouth . taupin you be wrong . kahn you do not run as hard , macleod . you just do not run as hard anymore . 54 int . o'reily be - night 54 late . the bar be nearly empty . no sign of the knight . brenna look at she watch , sigh , and drop a bill onto the counter . 55 ext . STREET - night 55 brenna have leave the bar and be now walk down a dimly light street . she hear something and turn . - nothing . a breeze rustle the tree above . after only a few more pace she hear something again . brenna abruptly turn . - right into the face of the knight . brenna scream . the knight reach into he leather carry bag . a group of noisy teenager exit a face townhouse . the knight remove he hand from the bag as they spill onto the sidewalk laughing and yelling . brenna move close to the group as they walk to the corner . the knight follow at a measure distance . at the corner the teenager climb into a pickup and drive off . brenna bolt into the intersection . weaving through screeching brake , she disappear into a pair of light glass door . 56 int . build 56 40 well dress patron , numbered card pin to they lapel , sit in velvetly plush surroundings . at the front of the room stand a thin moustach art auctioneer . brenna bustle in from outside . auctioneer I apoligize for the lateness of the hour , but I be sure you will all agree the quality of this year 's collection be well worth the time . the knight burst in with he leather carry bag . brenna slide along the drape back wall to avoid he . auctioneer ( hold statuette ) for this fine example of medieval religious art , let we open the bid at 4000 dollar . the knight close in on brenna casually , without hurry . auctioneer 10,500 once , 10,500 twice ... brenna raise she arm to attract the attention of a security guard .. auctioneer ( point at brenna ) 11000 . a bid at 11000 . brenna no , I - the guard notice she have no lapel number and start for she very officially . be close in on from both side , brenna suddenly run across the room to a fire exit , set off a alarm as she fly open the door . the knight leap after she , knock over a old woman in the front row . 57 ext . build - night 57 brenna run the sidewalk and disappear into a Metro station . 58 int . metro station 58 brenna run down the platform and jump into a subway car just as the door shut . the knight be also now on the platform but can only watch brenna through a window as the train pull away . 59 ext . taupin' townhouse - day 59 brenna knock at the front door . no answer . she knock harder . the unlatch door push open . 60 int . townhouse 60 brenna stand in the doorway . before she be a disaster . Furniture have be smashed like matchstick . a desk drawer 's content lie strewn in pile on the floor . brenna enter slowly . brenna Mr. taupin ? I have to talk to you . nothing have be leave unturned or unbroken . brenna kneel and sift through a pile of crumpled papers . she come across a old black and white photograph . badly streak and fade , it show taupin stand beside a farm - house . written in the corner be " worstick , 1928 " . brenna slip the photo into she pocket . stand , she turn smack into taupin . taupin finish ? he look past she to the destruction of he live room . it do not seem to surprise he . brenna he try to kill I last night . taupin where ? brenna Dupont Circle . taupin sift through the debris , select article from it . brenna who be he ? taupin at the moment ? Carl Smith . brenna and you ? he ignore the question . brenna what will you do now ? taupin you need not worry miss cartwright . I have be at this a very long time . brenna he call you " macleod " . taupin not you concern . brenna I leave a man dead in felton . but you do not really care , do you ? taupin that bother you ? brenna he be innocent . taupin he 's dead . whatever I may or may not feel mean exceedingly little to he now . brenna what about I ? taupin you ? brenna I be a witness to a murder . that seem to put I pretty high on you friend 's chop list . taupin have you go to the police ? brenna no. taupin why not ? I be sure they would love to hear you story . brenna I would rather hear yours . taupin ( beat ) you be be foolish . brenna I be a historian , Mr. taupin . only once in a lifetime do you stare history in the face . taupin go home . he walk to the doorway . brenna why do he want to kill you ? taupin stop , he back to she . taupin he see I as a threat . brenna be you ? taupin walk out the door . dissolve to : 61 ext . grassy knoll - day 61 on a clear rise above the village romirez and conor spar with sword cover in heavy cloth . conor be have difficulty . romirez concentrate ! conor thrust . romirez block . romirez harder . concentrate harder . conor I arm hurt . romirez again . try again . conor strike . romirez easily block . romirez harder ! you swing like a impotent cow ! conor go to hell . romirez oh , the boy have a mouth , now if only he have a arm . tick off , conor lean himself into a two-fist swing . romirez knock it aside , but conor recover faster than he , knock romirez flat on he back . conor impotent cow . romirez muy Bien ! conor drop the sword and wipe the sweat from he face . romirez pour wine from a leather bag into a goblet pull from he belt . he offer it to conor . romirez here my boy , from vineyard as sweet and smooth as a young girl 's thigh . conor accept the cup . romirez pull himself to he foot . romirez it will take less effort as you learn . conor it 's like to kill I first . romirez put he arm around conor and refill he cup . romirez you have a gift . one you must protect . conor and what be this great gift that can not be see or smelt ? romirez the fabric of life . the spark that allow the pass of existence from one generation to another . conor ( shake head ) if that be mean to be a ex - planation Mr. romirez from Spain , I be afraid you have fail . romirez put he arm around conor and lead he away . romirez come . enough sword play for a afternoon . 62 ext . countryside - day 62 a friendly horse race . they reflection bounce off a clear glen , conor and romirez dodge moss -laiden rut and leap fall tree trunk . beam , conor push through a last turn and stop to wait for romirez , several length behind . conor ( as romirez ride up ) you be no match for Scot , Mr. romirez . we be raise as rider . romirez Point conceed , Mr. macleod . both they eye turn to the beauty in view . romirez pull a leaf from a tree and study it closely . conor what be the fascinatioon ? it be only a leaf . romirez all live thing pay due , conor . they must be respected for that . he pull the leaf 's point from the stalk , one by one . romirez as they age they contribute to a sum that be the kindling from which all future life come . to feel it , to know it , be to be in touch with the will of every live thing . conor I do not think I like the sound of that . romirez it do not feel nearly as frightening as it sound . but the consequence of such feeling can be very frightening . for it give you great strength . the strength of _knowledge_ . the ability to stand between the give of what have always be to what will always be . conor I feel hardly nothing . romirez you have not be fully train . but you will learn . and you will be good , I can feel that . you have apt - itude . this be why we friend be so concerned . conor but why be so concerned about I ? romirez this power be divide amongst you , I , and other like cut in a pie . but the cut be not equal . some , like you and he , have more . much more . conor and you ? romirez I be a small player . but if by help you I can keep that monster from be the last , then perhaps my life have mean something . conor I be not ready for this . romirez you must be . you have responsibility . you must learn the rule . you can never attract attention to yourself , never show the side that will draw other to you . you will always know when you be in the presence of another . beware . but more importantly conor macleod , will be you battle against time . in the come year you will see kingdom rise then rot like wheat . people will become a transitory , pathetic lot . the only constant you will know will be the other and the tradition they greed and quest represent . but life without morality , without the ability to truly taste the sweetness of wine and love , be no life at all . that be how the other exist . nothing more than walk corpse live only to slaughter each other in a insane quest to be the last . keep you soul sew to the earth . do not become one of they . conor of course . romirez you be young , inexperienced . you do not know what time can do . how it can sap all pity , all love . conor that be not I . romirez with the proper tool , conor , a naive man can be much more dangerous than a evil one . villager conor ! a villager approach from across the pasture . conor yes , darin . villager hate to be bother you like this , but I mare throw a shoe . conor look to romirez . romirez go ahead , senor. ( gesture to wine ) I have my friend to keep I company . conor I will be back when I can . conor set off across the pasture . 64 int . conor' home 64 romirez enter and flop onto a cot . settle down for a nap , he set he sword beneath the bed and close he eye to the distant sound of child play . the room be still . romirez begin to drowse . suddenly he eye leap open with full alertness . his hand move under the cot . with a explosion the front door be lift from its hinge and splinter into fragment . pass through a cloud of sawdust enter the knight . without pause he topple a kitchen shelf onto a supine romirez . knight romirez . what a surprise . romirez be struggle under the debris . the knight thrust hard onto a expose leg . the limb be severe . romirez madonna ! the knight begin casting aside the shelving . with lightning speed romirez pull the sword from beneath the bed and hammer it deep into the knight 's side . knight bastard ! he crash back against the wall . romirez try to lift himself from the bed use he sword as a crutch . the knight have regain a meager balance on he knee . blood pour from the slice in he stomach , romirez push himself across the bed , plant he sword into the floor and hobble a few pace before collapse . romirez oh , Santa Maria ! the knight crawl across the bed and drop to he knee beside romirez . knight why run ? romirez demonio ! the knight 's tremble hand raise he shaking sword high . knight to hell with you . 65 ext . barnyard - day 65 conor pound at a horseshoe . the hammer slip from he grasp as he slump forward as if push . 66 ext . conor be home - day 66 badly wounded , the knight stagger through the shattered doorway and tumble into the street . a child scream . pull himself up , the knight hobble away . 67 ext . - day 67 conor be run through the village . 67 int . conor' home 67 conor rush in and shudder to a stop . a entire wall be shower with blood . co nor walk slowly forward . daze . as he look down something take he attention . it be romirez 's severe head . conor moan in anguish and drop to he knee on the blood - stain floor . his head sink to he chest as he begin sobbing . dissolve to : 68 int . museum research library 68 somewhere in the bowel of the museum , the research librarian , a wiry young man , sit at he cluttere desk . brenna loom above he . librarian come on brenna , you ass be already in a sling , do not drag I into it . brenna all I need be for you to check the name . librarian you talk to you supervisor lately ? he 's burn up the place about you just drop out of sight . that on top of the cop bugging he . brenna I will take care of that Corey , but I need this now . the librarian look she over skeptically . brenna Corey , you _owe I . librarian it 's that important ? brenna yeah . the librarian reluctantly reach for he key . 69 int . storage area 69 holding brenna 's photograph , the research librarian be comb - ing through stain binder . the room be old , disorganize , and give the impression that every fact worth know must be in it somewhere . researcher Wilson know about this ? brenna I be do it on my own . librarian good way to lose you job . brenna some job . Card filing and cabinet dusting . four year in this dump and I have not write anything for Wilson that a wounded yak could not do . librarian I like the bit you do about baltic chastity belt . too bad no one else do . brenna it 's bullshit . everything . my job , the people I get involved with , I be up to here with it . librarian you always be hard to impress . the librarian pull a binder and open it . brenna who be it ? librarian not who . what. worstick 's a town in Pennsylvania . 70 int . museum research office 70 brenna enter and sit at she desk . she be look for something . brenna ( confuse ) Chris , have you see my notebook ? Chris be seat at the desk next to she . he point at the supervisor 's door . brenna why , that son of a bitch . 71 int . museum supervisor's office 71 the high back office chair be spun away from a angry , enter brenna . brenna what 's wrong Wilson , huh ? not enough excitement in you own desk ? what the hell be you look for in mine ? the chair turn . detective moran , not she supervisor , leaf through she notebook . moran a murder . brenna you better have a warrant . that 's my notebook , you have get no right to be stick you finger into it . moran I have get a morgue fill up with body . that 's my right . brenna what do you want from I ? moran well , the man of the hour that we all would like to talk to about now have apparently skip town . ( look at notebook ) and all of a sudden the smithsonian 's ambulence chaser be a expert on miss person . brenna lift the telephone receiver . brenna I be call a attorney . moran you and I should talk first . brenna we have get nothing to say . moran press the post on the phone . moran what be you go to tell they ? that you be protect a man who 's kill four people ? brenna four ? moran all fashionably without head . brenna spare I the detail . moran but there 's more . Wednesday someone play javelin with the cemetary curator in felton , delaware . some local spot two car with D.C. plate and surprise surprise , they turn out to be register to we own brenna cartwright and the ever popular Richard taupin . brenna what be you get at , moran ? moran you have be a busy little beaver . especially with that record mess up in Church Hill . ( look at notebook ) you note be very complete . naturally my feeling be crush when you do not rush right over and tell we what you know . ( look up ) in fact , we be consider book - ing the ambulence chaser as a accessory to murder . brenna it will never stick . moran but we might just give it the ' ole college try . what with the court back up , it could be day before you get a arraignment . but then , I be sure the flunk - out neice of the d.a. know all about that . brenna you be a asshole , moran . moran I want taupin . brenna what make you so sure he 's the one ? moran just for laugh we raid wonder boy 's house . there be a gallon of one of the corpse 's blood in he carpet . I think it be about then I withdraw he name for humanitarian of the year . brenna what 's all of this get to do with I ? moran what be you do in felton ? brenna Research . if you pal be there I never see he . moran I have witness that can put the two of you together . brenna ( know he 's bluff ) never take up poker , detective . moran do not be stupid , lady . you neck can be slice as fast as anyone else 's . brenna reach across and lift she notebook . brenna why do not you wait until it come out in paperback ? moran watch she leave . he lift the telephone receiver . research office stride out into the corridor , brenna pass Dennis , the cop from she bedroom , lean against the doorway . dennis I warn you . brenna go to hell . 72 int . church ( WASHINGTON D.C. ) 72 a priest celebrate mass in a present - day cathedral . in the rear of the church apart from the other parishioner sit the knight . as the priest lead the parishioner through the procession of faith , the knight alone repeat it quietly to himself in Latin , the ancient language of the church . dissolve to : 73 ext . abandoned graveyard - day 73 crook tombstone strewn across the bleach ground of a place not beloning to reality . in full medieval tartan , conor stand against a forceful wind . crack run the length plain , spew forth steam and staggering skeleton . there be dozen of they , all carry they skull under one arm . the skeleton press forward and trap conor against the trunk of a dead oak . the head break into harsh , demonic laughter . conor put he hand over he ear in pain as the body push forward . scream , he disappear under a mass of gleam bone . CUT to : 74 int . taupin' worstick home 74 taupin wake from the dream with a shout . he have fall asleep in a desk chair . taupin walk to a window and look out to the green hill . to the distance . 75 ext . rural road - day 75 brenna 's sedan shoot down a country highway . 76 int . sedan - day 76 check she rear view mirror , brenna notice two suspicious figure in a car behind she . 77 ext . rural road - day 77 brenna pull to the side . the car from behind pass without incident . 78 int . sedan - day 78 brenna be drive again . listen now to the radio , she cast a glance in the mirror . the same car be behind she . 79 ext . rural road - day 79 pass over a rise in the highway , brenna turn abruptly onto a service road and behind a group of tree . the other car pause a moment at the intersection , then drive on . 80 ext . storefront - day 80 brenna show the proprietor the photograph . he explain something to she . brenna step outside the store onto the Main Street of the very small community of worstick . at a STREET corner brenna pass a small monument settle in a flower bed . it have a plaque memorialize five local murder in 1931 . 81 int . sedan 81 a mile out of town brenna stop at a farmhouse . she check it against the photo she find at taupin 's townhouse . they match . 82 ext . farmhouse door - day 82 brenna knock . taupin you should not have come . brenna whirl around and see taupin behind she . taupin we be you follow ? he look to the road . brenna no. taupin no one know you be here ? brenna no . I have to talk to you . taupin you have to do _nothing_ ! brenna you be wrong . taupin you be a fool . brenna maybe . pause . taupin stride through the doorway . taupin come inside . 83 int . farmhouse 83 brenna and taupin enter . a heavy broad sword sit on the coffee table . brenna be this what you kill they with ? taupin you have be listen to rumor . brenna we car be see together in felton . they be call I a accessory to murder . taupin you be . now . beat . they be stick with each other . taupin there 's several bedroom down the hall . take you pick . 84 int . bedroom 84 the room be a strange decor . 18th century painting hang beside grotesque medieval carving . brenna 's face soften with worry . what be she do ? 85 ext . rural pay phone - day 85 a plain-clothed police officer be in mid conversation . officer no , that 's the last place we see she . okay , will do . he hang up . partner well ? officer ( shrug ) we keep look . partner wonderful . 86 int . farmhouse - day 86 taupin sit at he desk . before he be spread out blank birth certificate , driver license and title deed . his eye lift to the corridor where brenna be . a idea have come to he . brenna enter . brenna what 's all that ? taupin Richard taupin have become cumbersome . it would be best if he just disappear . brenna walk to the window . brenna you do kill that man . taupin not all of they . brenna when you finish , what then ? taupin I go my way and you can write all you want about the big bad Mr. taupin . brenna you make it all sound so simple . taupin the only real difficulty come in change over the ownership of property I have aquire . that require certain record and most importantly a personal appearance at the county seat in gettysburg . but that 's where you come in . brenna you want I to front for you . taupin the less exposure I receive around government building the better . you , as Mrs. taupin , will attract considerably less attention than I . brenna be unsure . taupin not such a bad trade . the story of a lifetime for a few day work ? 87 int . taupin' WASHINGTON townhouse 87 detective moran look through the break remain of the live room . a inspector enter . inspector they lose she outside of thurmont . moran sigh and toss a piece of wood on the pile of debris . moran I want people in here to check over every piece of this stuff . inspector figure she 's with he ? moran yeah . inspector we run down that Church Hill info . she 's right . there be no Richard taupin . moran any other i.d.s come up ? inspector not yet . call FBI yesterday . Thompson 's go to try CIA this afternoon . ( shrug ) y'never know . moran rise and don he coat . moran should have see he the first night . Son of a bitch stand there with a quart of blood on he pant leg and do not even blink . inspector you would think he would have practice . moran walk to the door . moran I think he have . dissolve to : 88 ext . frence military camp - day 88 conor , now major dupont of the french infantry , pour over battle plan . a aide , dress as conor -dupont in 18th century european military garb , enter the command area . aide the man be assemble , Major . a general stand beside the major . general see that they be indeed ready , Dupont . dupont ( conor ) yes General . 89 ext . parade ground - day 89 a regiment of infantrymen , pale blue coat tail toss in the light breeze , stand at attention . a staff sargeant present the man to Dupont . staff sargeant regiment ready for review , sir . Dupont walk past the sargeant to the line . dupont ( to soldier ) stand straight , you be a soldier of the King . soldier # 1 yes sir . Dupont continue down the line . another soldier 's infantry jacket be almost hilariously mis-buttone , one collar stick up four inch higher than the other . Dupont with both hand rip open the soldier 's coat , spraying brass button onto the ground . he move on . dupont ( to soldier ) where be you bayonet ? solider # 3 lose it sir . dupont where ? the soldier hedge . staff sargeant you hear the Major ! where ! soldier # 3 whorehouse sir . Dupont 's face soften in exasperation , then toughen . dupont you rifle . Hand it to I . the soldier obey . Dupont inspect the fire mechanism . dupont the flint be crack . no spark will reach you powder . you will die tomorrow . he throw the rifle roughly back into the soldier 's hand . dupont tomorrow you go to _battle_ ! and you look like child ! ( beat ) the General have charge I with see that you be prepare , and prepare you will be ! if necessary you stand here all night ! sargeant ! the sargeant leap to attention . sargeant yes sir . dupont see to it . sargeant yes sir . Dupont turn briskly , then stop abruptly as if alert by some - thing . he whirl around and face the young infantrymen . his expression be quizzical as he walk the line , check each face carefully . one private seize he attention . the private be cautious . dupont you name ? mulet mulet . it be as if Dupont know he . the two stare at each other . Dupont turn and leave . 90 int . cottage - evening 90 Inside a small farmhouse commandeer for officer 's quarter , Dupont ( conor ) and several other eat they evening meal . a captain finish he story . captain ( amused ) ... and what a sight ! that old mare just keep fall over she own gut till someone finally shot she . the officer laugh . all but Dupont . major ( beside Dupont ) complete you inspection ? dupont they be nothing but boy . it will be a slaughter tomorrow . major ( laugh ) I doubt much can change that . the enemy have five brigade wait for we . dupont we need more time . major wo not get it . ( shrug ) we be a sacrifice . a diversion . Dupont poke unenthusiastically at he plate . major eat up Dupont . it will probably be you last . dupont ( rise ) not likely . Dupont go to the window . dusk shine orange on he face . in the foreground the man Dupont encounter at the line - up , mulet , be chopping firewood . 91 ext . cottage - night 91 several hour later . most be asleep . mulet continue he wood split . from out of the dark cottage step Dupont . dupont ( conor ) I think I give order the regiment be to drill . mulet staff sargeant detailed I to prepare firewood for the break - fast cooking . dupont what be you position ? mulet second musketeer . dupont I understand you join up in bremen . mulet you seem to understand a great deal . dupont I be a Major , private . you would do well remember that when address I . mulet Excuse I , " sir " . I think we speak as equal . dupont equal ? mulet ( shrug ) if you wish to play game , Major . mulet return to he chore . dupont wait . I think we understand each other . mulet we have no understanding . dupont then it be time two of we do . you be very young . I be once young . I can help . mulet laugh . mulet help ? I have see other " help " . somehow a head always end up on the counter . dupont it can be different . it must be . mulet it never change , Major . mulet turn to he chore . Dupont grab he arm . dupont we must talk . mulet ( shake he off ) stay out of it . dupont ( angry ) do not threaten I , private . mulet ( disgust ) who do you think I be ? one of you freckle face child wait to die tomorrow ? " threaten you " ? you and I just live will always be a threat . forever . look at you life , Major . look at mine . nothing there but threat . threat and nothingness . it 's what we live for . mulet turn he back on Dupont . Dupont draw he cutlass . dupont do not turn you back on I . mulet you be really go to force this , be not you ? dupont either you be with I or against I . mulet turn slowly , axe in hand . mulet have I a choice ? the two stare into eye empty of emotion . mulet 's hand flinch . a attack ? Dupont cut quickly , slice open both of mulet 's arm . the axe drop to the ground . mulet seem strangely calm . mulet you see Major ? you be not so different . Dupont cut off mulet 's head where he stand . 92 ext . clearing - night 92 Dupont drag the corpse across the meadow and dump it into a swamp . 93 int . cathedral - night 93 it be very late . only a few officer be seat in the pews . Dupont try to concentrate on prayer , but be distract . mulet ( voice flashback ) you see Major ? you be not so different ... dupont I have no choice . Dupont sigh and look to the altar . dupont who be I deceive ? knight certainly not I . Dupont whirl around to see the knight , dress as he in uniform , sit one row behind . Dupont leap to he foot . knight you need not look so flushed , Major . you be quite safe in church . Dupont ease he breathe . knight State of grace and all that . dupont tradition . knight it 's all we have . Dupont have back up a few pace . knight all this time and still a scared little boy . Dupont sit down . dupont not so scared . knight perhaps not. ( smile ) you seem to have misplace a private . no doubt by now he head be stranger to he neck . dupont no doubt . knight you surprise I . eliminate a rival like that . such be the action of a man of conquest . I be mistaken . 300 year have turn the boy 's fear into ambit - ion . dupont you be wrong . knight I know you very well , conor macleod . and I can see the truth beginning to make itself clear to you . mulet , romirez , they be fool without vision . it be destine that the board would be clear for the real player . the knight almost seem proud of Dupont . dupont romirez understand . not you . knight romirez be dust . the knight look to the altar . knight finish you prayer ? dupont finish yours ? knight ( smile ) we common heritage . ( beat ) I be you only real friend , you know . the only one who truly understand you . ( rise ) I look forward to the day we meet again . and I kill you . dupont so sure ? the knight lean forward and put he face very near . knight you can not stay in church forever . the knight move into the aisle . knight good night , Major . he exit . conor sit in the dim church alone . very alone . dissolve to : 94 ext . worstick church ( present day ) 94 Richard taupin sit against the stone of a old Catholic church . taupin sigh . a long , weary sigh . 95 int . taupin' farmhouse 95 taupin and brenna sit at a table work on form . taupin look up from he work and study brenna 's face without malice . 95 ext . creek - day 95 brenna and taupin be take a walk along the township 's outskirt . cross a small bridge over a smaller creek , they encounter the elderly caretaker Mr. North and he eight year old grandson . both with fishing pole . mr. NORTH Morning Mr. North taupin same . mr. NORTH such a pretty day . if I live to be 90 I will never tire of morning like this . mind you I be 74 now . taupin no . mr. NORTH yes sir . when you get older you priority change . it 's the simple thing that count . without they grow old can be a very lonely thing . taupin I be sure that 's true . the grandson be have difficulty bait he line . taupin bend down beside the young fisherman . taupin ( take worm ) here . the hook should go just below the head , where the meat be toughest . grandson thanks . taupin 's show of affection surprise brenna . taupin show you a trick . taupin take a clump of leave from the bridge and wind they around the hook . taupin Fish be creature of habit . they like they food where they be use to it . at the top , hide in old leave . grandson where do you learn that ? taupin my father teach I . grandson you father must be smart . taupin yes , he be . brenna be touch . 96 int . taupin' farmhouse - night 96 brenna lie on she bed think . she put on a robe and walk into the live room . live room taupin sit before the fireplace , its flame reflect on he brandy glass . brenna move quietly to a seat beside he . taupin ( eye on the fireplace ) there be a man once . just a simple woodcarver . but he understand . more than anyone he could see to the heart of it . ( beat ) it never end . today be the same as the first . tomorrow will be the same as today . so much time . and all of it waste . ( beat ) you love history ? brenna yes . taupin I wish I could . 97 int . CITY hall 97 brenna look through a property zone book . 98 ext . worstick MAIN STREET - day 98 walk past small town store , brenna allow herself a moment to window shop . in a shop window be a small poster advertising a community get-together . brenna peel it off the glass and slip it into she notebook . 99 int . taupin' farmhouse 99 brenna and taupin go over various form and document . brenna the estate stuff be pretty straight forward . just lot of form and a appearance at the county seat . taupin it will take some time for the form to clear before you go to gettysburg . brenna be silent . taupin second thought ? pause . brenna no. ( beat ) so what now ? we just wait ? taupin yes . brenna well , as long as we be stick here . she hand he the poster from earlier . brenna it 's some sort of party the town be throw . taupin they do it each year . brenna I think it might be a nice break from all of this . taupin stack the document into a folder . taupin maybe it would do we both good . brenna there 's a catch . you be suppose to wear 19th century clothing . 100 int . farmhouse cellar 100 taupin be go through a old trunk . taupin my father be something of a junk collector . he come across a long period dress and offer it to brenna . taupin here , try this . I suppose they be still make woman the same as back then . brenna it 's beautiful . taupin a little dusty . taupin fish through the trunk and come up with a old top hat . he turn it over in he hand with stoic memory . dissolve to : 101 ext . colonial style home - dusk 101 conor and a beautiful young woman , katherine , sit on the porch step in 1800s period dress . other young couple relax nearby enjoy the warm summer 's twilight . Katherine 's mother shuffles between the couple offer lemonade , cake , and the like . katherine do it again . she be thoroughly charme by conor . conor all right . conor wrap a length of yarn about he finger . by turn he hand over and bend he knuckle just so , the web become the outline of a lion .. conor a lion . ( growl ) Katherine be delighted . conor start to remove the yarn . Katherine touch he arm . katherine oh please . another one . conor what would you like ? katherine something pretty . conor like you . conor cup he hand , bend he finger , and come up with a four leaf clover . katherine that 's wonderful . where do you ever learn it ? conor Far away . katherine kiss I . conor shoot a glance for the mother , then kiss Katherine softly . young man ( o.s . ) you will be leave the girl alone . a young man stand a few yard from the stair . katherine David . conor do you have cause to bother we ? young man that 's my girl . katherine David , we have already speak of this . young man he 's not what he pretend to be . conor climb to he foot . conor you best leave , son . young man you think you be so high and mighty , come into town and take a man 's woman . well I know about you . I know about the thing you do . conor ( move closer ) I say you best leave . young man you would like that , would not you ? ( to Katherine ) ask he about he friend . the one he meet in the town square . ask he about the blade he keep beneath he bed . conor grab the youth 's collar and pull he close . conor ( like ice ) leave . while you still can . the youth push away from the grasp . young man you do not frighten I . conor I should . the young man throw a fist at conor . it be easily block . conor return with a savage blow to the chest that knock the young man gasp onto the ground . Katherine run up behind and grab conor 's outstretch arm . katherine no! leave he . please do not hurt he . please . coughing painfully , the youth climb to he foot and stagger away . young man he 's not what you think . he turn and run down the road . young man he 's not what you think ! Katherine turn to conor , he face still lock in ice . katherine I do not care who you be or where you come from . she hug he tightly . katherine I love you . conor 's face soften as he bring up a arm to hold she . dissolve to : 102 int . worstick town hall ( present day ) 102 a auditorium have be transformed with color light and strung paper into a small town party . teenager in period dress control the floor , dance to a decidedly un - period rock band . the older guest be gather around the punch bowl talk crop or Pennsylvania politics . brenna fitted as well as can be expect in she lace dress , enter with taupin , himself dress in a formal suit complete with cape . his clothes fit perfectly . Mr. North , comically dress as a pirate , greet they . mr. NORTH Mr. taupin ! glad you could make it . best get some punch before it 's go . near the whole valley show up . they go to the table . taupin pour a glass of punch . a elderly woman approach he . woman if I do not know better I would say William taupin . taupin his son . Richard . mr. NORTH Mr. taupin be up from Washington to look over he father 's estate . woman you father die some year ago . this be you first visit ? the tone be snide . taupin of sort . woman I suppose a taupin have to show up eventually . ( walk away ) taupin good evening , Mrs. butler . she turn in surprise at he know she name , then walk on . brenna what be all that about ? mr. NORTH sorry Mr. taupin . that 's not mean for you . just some do not take much to you father . brenna why ? taupin my father be never one for social whirl . mr. taupin kept to himself for sure . then with all that business in ' 31 . brenna what business ? mr. NORTH family down the road from the taupin place be murder . all cut up they be . horrible . two stranger be also find with the body . no one ever accuse William , but with he reputation as a loner and the rumor about he and some of the wife in town , folk just never forget . most be relieved when they hear he would die . sorry Mr. taupin . taupin nothing to be sorry about . mr. NORTH just you pappy scared some . the rock band finish as a portly man in a union soldier 's uniform take the microphone . portly all right , the kid have have they fun . now it 's time for a little more traditional dance . the rock band give ground to a group of older musician . with a nod from the union soldier they begin a folk tune with fiddle and hammer dulcimer . the costume guest take to the floor . brenna I do not know any of this . I will make a fool of myself . taupin follow I . taupin start into it with perfect grace . a falter brenna try to keep up . brenna William taupin seem to have leave he mark . taupin yes . brenna and you be William taupin , be not you ? taupin yes . they do a final turn and finish . the other dancers applaud . brenna you be use you son 's name . taupin no . just the child of some lonely girl I give a ride to . when they die I put they in a grave with my name on it . twenty year later I become the son . brenna be stare at he . taupin more punch ? he lead she to a table . brenna then you must be at least 70 year old . taupin at least . brenna that 's impossible . several of the elderly women be watch taupin from across the room . 103 ext . bus station - night 103 a bus with " gettysburg " across the front pull to a stop at a dark terminal . a lone passenger step off into the mist . it be the knight , bound up in a leather jacket and carry only a long , narrow case . 104 ext . - night 104 brenna and taupin walk alone in the night outside the hall . brenna it 's frightening sometimes the way you talk about other people 's life . taupin a factor of age . brenna I hope I never get that old . taupin you will not . brenna pull away . brenna I must be insane . leave work , ditching cop . all to follow a murderer . a very old murderer , but a murderer just the same . taupin why be you here ? brenna I have be tell myself it 's the award win journal article I be go to write . but it 's not . ( look at he squarely ) it 's you . taupin I see . brenna I be not even sure why . taupin hardly a reason to run off with a murderer . brenna my life have be chock full of people with complication and weak - ness . I can not stand it . but you be different . it 's in you hand . a clarity . taupin you be a very perceptive young woman . brenna just a little crazy . a thoughtful pause . taupin miss cartwright , it 's time I show you something . 105 int . farmhouse cellar 105 taupin and brenna descend the stair to a seemingly flush wall . taupin reach behind a bookcase and pull something . a press from he hand and the wall become a doorway . taupin ( gesture to interior ) miss cartwright ? brenna step uneasily into the darkness . taupin follow and switch on the light . 106 int . hidden room 106 brenna 's expression change to awe . the room be massive , a cross between a museum and a old attic . suit of armor , italian statuette , Czech ironwork , Persian fetish and a thousand other oddity from a hundred era crowd the shelving and floor space . the room have the look of ownership , as if civilization have take the time to keep a scrapbook . brenna my god. the sight be overwhelming . taupin I have this room build some time ago . brenna pick up a carolingian tapestry and run she hand along its intricate weaving . brenna who be you ? taupin that would be difficult to explain . brenna I would like you to try . taupin pick up a byzantine icon , brush the dust from its shoulder . taupin I be bear conor macleod in the village of ardvrek on the High - land plain of strathnaver in the clan of macleod under the King of Scotland . on the eleventh of December , 1408 . he replace the icon . taupin I have serve in the army of twelve nation , marry nine woman , fathere thirty - eight child and bury they all . taupin walk along the case . taupin I carry that rifle in World War I . this book be a 16th century policy report for the King of Austria . the diploma be my con - ference of degree in Latin from trinity College . class of 1672 . ( beat ) it go on . brenna that 's why Smith call you macleod . taupin yes . brenna he know about you . taupin he be older than I . brenna what could possibly be worth all this murder and distruction . taupin sometimes I think it 's just for something to do . a conquest to be the last . something to hold onto while everything else around you wither and blow away . some - thing to replace the love that can never work . brenna that 's insane . taupin perhaps . there be something more . a inheritance . brenna of body . taupin I do not kill the watchman . brenna you kill that other two . taupin not the same . brenna what about that family in ' 31 ? taupin sometimes innocent become involved . brenna you and you buddy make a real team , do not you ? exchange eloquent threat in iambic pen - tameter while hack up all the innocent in between . taupin there be difference . brenna you kill with you leave hand ? taupin I have not kill _you_ . brenna be that a threat ? taupin move very close . taupin no . brenna 's face soften . she turn away . brenna do not . taupin come here , brenna . brenna damn you . he kiss she . dissolve to : 107 ext . turn of the century cemetary - day 107 relative in period dress watch as a family member be lower into the ground . a very old woman stand stoically , support on both side by she middle age son . minister May God commend into he kingdom the soul of we dear depart Jason , son of Katherine - the old woman . minister and brother to Howard and James - the two middle age son . conor watch the funeral quietly at a distance . the old woman as the minister continue allow she gaze to wander . she see conor stand at the treeline . her eye crinkle in disbelief . releasing herself from she son , she hobble toward conor . confused , the brother watch they mother leave the ceremony . conor watch the woman approach but decide against move . she stop a few pace away and look over he . old woman you . conor Katherine . old woman what be you do here ? conor I owe he this . old woman he never know you . the two son come up behind . the three stand there : a old woman who could be 60 year conor 's senior and she two son old enough to be he father . son # 1 be something wrong , mother ? old woman Howard . James . this be you father ... dissolve to : 108 int . bedroom 108 taupin and brenna lie together . running she hand along the contour of he body she see the countless faint scar of bullet and sword wound . taupin stroke she softly . taupin " brenna " . in celtic be mean " woman with raven hair " . only chieftan 's daughter be allow it . brenna be lose in taupin 's scar . brenna what be it like ? be you ? taupin empty . and fear . fear of that that would kill you and fear of that that would love you . it can never last , and in the end you always end up destroy both . brenna but you be know so much . History I will only read about . taupin it 's all the same . half life that never go away . brenna what be it you want ? taupin all of it finish . 109 ext . farmhouse - morning 109 taupin and brenna stand beside she car . she have a armload of document . taupin gettysburg 's a hour 's drive at most . you should be back by nightfall . brenna will I see you again ? taupin be careful . do not stay any longer than you have to . pause . brenna consider touch he but instead climb briskly into the car . taupin good luck . 110 ext . police department parking lot - day 110 detective moran and he Inspector walk among park squad car . moran be you sure ? inspector wo not know till the record department come back with it this after - noon . look good though . they find the receipt in he townhouse . it be pretty smear but have taupin 's father list as a signatory . moran round up who you can and put they on standby . inspector think we should call the local p.d. out there first ? moran no . I want this to be all ours . 111 int . county record office 111 brenna be stand at a counter signing the last of a stack . clerk o.k. Mrs. taupin , that 's all I need . the clerk fill out a small sheet and hand it to she . clerk just take this down the hall to the regis - trar . hurry up though , it 's near close time . most everyone 's go home already . a pair of Levis follow brenna at a distance down the corridor . 112 int . registrar's office 112 seal from the corridor by a pair of door , two clerk sit in a office mostly clear of employee . brenna hand the slip to a clerk . clerk # 2 I will be right back . she disappear into the rear area . brenna ( to other clerk ) do you have a drink fountain ? clerk # 3 around the corner . brenna step around and take a drink . she look into she reflection on the stainless steel and spend a moment fiddling with she hair . the clerk still have not return . brenna drum she finger on the counter top and look around the office . the second clerk be also go . brenna see something unfamiliar on the second clerk 's desk . she step over to it . it be a large blood stain . brenna shoot a glance to the double door . they be close . brenna rush to the door . someone 's lock they . she struggle with the handle , then turn to see the knight walk to she with he stain sword . with a scream she kick a roll office chair into he and run down a opposite corridor . the knight fling the chair aside and knock open the door with a slam of he palm . brenna have run out of corridor . she look back at the knight close the distance . crying in fear , she frantically search for a way out . the knight be nearly upon she . in desperation she run into a janitorial closet , close its heavy door . the closet be dark and full of old paint can and mop . her breathing be at a panic . the knight tries the door handle . stepping back , he lift he sword and hammer it deep into the wood . brenna ( cry ) oh God ... he strike again . and again . splinter smack against surround - ing wall . brenna go away ! oh God , go away ! crying hysterically , brenna press herself against the far wall , slide to the floor in a crouch . the knight step back and give the door a last two - fisted swing . brenna scream . the door collapse . 113 ext . highway - evening 113 a group of unmark police car race by with the last light of day . 114 int . car 114 at the wheel be moran 's assistant , the inspector . 114 int . home - night 114 taupin stand at he fireplace , the only light in the room , poke at it with a tong . his gaze go to a mantle clock . it be 10:30 pm . the phone ring . he look to it . it ring again . he pick up the receiver slowly and place it against he ear . knight's voice we have some unfinish business . taupin be you here ? knight's voice I want you to come to I . taupin and if I refuse ? knight's voice give I a address where I can forward miss cart - wright 's head . this affect he . knight's voice yes laddie , I have she . taupin should I care ? knight you have three hour . 115 ext . rural road - night 115 the unmark car shoot by . 116 int . home 116 taupin hang up the phone . he look to the sword on the table , reflect the firelight . 117 ext . farmhouse - night 117 police officer , place around taupin 's house , be cocking shotgun and chambering pistol . two officer take position on either side of the door . a third , after get the signal , kick the door open . 118 int . farmhouse 118 the officer drop to fire position in the doorway . the room be empty . 119 int . farmhouse bedroom 119 a officer burst in . it 's empty . 120 int . MAIN room 120 the Inspector be on the phone . inspector he 's not here . 121 ext . the jefferson memorial - night 121 spotlight seperate the whitemarble from the surround blackness . taupin 's face move into frame . 122 ext . monument stair - night 122 sword firmly in one hand , taupin climb 's the monument 's step . 123 int . jefferson memorial - night 123 a twenty - five foot bronze of Thomas jefferson flanke by he quotation . a sword in one hand and brenna in the other , the knight stand at the statue 's base . knight welcome . taupin stand at the entrance . knight kahn send he best . in a corner the asian 's head lie on its side , the horror of death still press into the face . taupin 's eye return slowly to the knight and brenna . taupin let she go . the knight throw brenna roughly against a wall . knight you disappoint I . ( look at brenna ) I think you would finally get over that sort of thing . taupin leave she out of this . knight as you wish . the knight hold he sword out at a ceremonial angle . taupin do the same . the weapon be clanked together twice , then pull back into battle position . the two begin walk a circle , poise sword wait for a open . the knight leap first , he clash of steel ringing off the high wall . another attack without result . knight you can do better than that . taupin swing . the knight jump back . sweat gleam from they brow . 124 ext . jefferson memorial - night 124 two lover enjoy a late night walk along the tidal basin . there be a distant clanking of metal . boy it 's from over near the memorial . he jump up on a rock . several yard away can be see two figure attack each other . boy shit . 125 int . police department - night 125 stand at a map of the city , moran nurse a cup of coffee . the phone ring . moran moran . all right , get a patrol unit out there right away . I will meet they . 126 int . jefferson memorial - night 126 the knight and taupin be panting heavily . the knight go low . taupin block . the knight come overhead quickly . taupin misjudge and the blade slice deep into he shoulder and chest . the impact knock he flat on he back . the knight look down on he wounded prey . a screech of brake from outside the monument . two officer be come up the step . knight no . not now . 127 ext . memorial - night 127 the officer reach the top and enter . inside one of the officer be Dennis , who see only a crying brenna and taupin lie wounded on the floor . dennis brenna ? the knight rush up from behind , he sword in full swing . 128 ext . intersection - night 128 moran 's car blow through a cross street . 129 int . car 129 moran be at the wheel . 130 int . memorial - night 130 the knight walk from the two officer spread out like rag doll on the floor . knight ( to taupin ) get up . taupin look at brenna and the dead policeman . a resignation sweep over he . taupin what 's the point ? knight this be not do . get up . taupin what 's the point ! you have I , finish it ! knight I have wait forever for this . you will not cheapen it , little boy . taupin ( irony ) tradition . knight it 's all we have . taupin go to hell . the knight look to brenna . knight perhaps miss cartwright would like to play . taupin leave she alone . knight get up . taupin struggle to he foot . blood pour from he shirt , he stand uneasily with he sword at ready . the knight swing . taupin block . 131 ext . memorial - night 131 moran drive up . there be a empty police car , the door still ajar . 132 int . memorial - night 132 taupin be badly outclass . he feebly fend off a attack , but the knight return quickly with a savage slice that rip open taupin 's stomach and throw he again to the floor . brenna you bastard ! knight be silent . brenna leave he alone . knight you will be silent !! the voice be thundering . taupin kneel with he forehead press against the floor . his tooth grind in pain . the knight smile . knight I do hope you be enjoy this as much as I . moran stands in the entryway . the knight see he . knight get out . moran draw he pistol . the knight walk toward he , knight this be nothing that concern you . moran level he gun . the knight raise he sword . knight you will leave ! two explosion as moran fire . the slug slam into the knight , blow he off he foot . he lie still . moran look to brenna . to taupin . then he walk closer to the knight . taupin ( hoarse ) do not . taupin curl in a spasm of pain . moran move closer . the knight lie face down , blood ooze from exit wound over he heart . he be not breathe . moran bend over slowly to see the knight 's face . taupin stop . you do not understand . the knight suddenly roll over and plant he sword into moran 's chest . the pistol discharge against a far wall . taupin crawl for the knight . moran 's mouth open but no sound escape . the knight , blood pour from he mouth and nose , thrust deeper then retract quickly . moran slide off the sword dead . taupin cut hard against the knight 's chest . the knight gag in surprise and crumple . taupin cut again , then put the blade against the knight 's gurgling throat . taupin in mamus tuas domine commendo spiritum meum . auditorium nostrum in nomine domine . he raise the sword . taupin requiescant in pace . and cut the knight 's head off . taupin drop he sword . his breathe quicken . a sensation sweep over he . taupin drop to the floor whimpering . he suck in painful gulp of air . brenna my god. taupin bolt up and look at she without see . brenna conor . taupin be look past she . a blood-stain hand suddenly grab brenna 's shoulder . she scream . the headless body of the knight stand beside she . the knight's head lies on the floor . the eye open . the face pull into a smile . knight and now you know . the eye roll up into the skull . the face slacken . the hulk mass stand beside brenna sway , the collapse to the ground . taupin be crying . not from wound he no longer feel , but from something else . brenna what 's wrong ? taupin I can not stand it . oh God , I can not stand it ! brenna kneel beside he . taupin the scream of you blood . the shriek of tree . stop it ! stop it ! brenna sob . brenna what be it ? taupin I be the last . oh Christ , I be the _last one_ ! taupin double over in pain . the pain of the whole world try to force itself into he . brenna try to hold he . he push she savagely away . taupin get out . brenna no ! taupin I will destroy you . I have destroy everything I have ever touch ! oh God ... he double over in pain . brenna conor ... he grab he sword and threaten she . taupin _ get out_ ! sobbing , brenna run from the memorial . taupin be alone . bleed . crying . in agony . fade out fade up : 133 int . smithsonian museum 133 brenna at work in the research area . she 's silent . distant . something be miss from she . 134 ext . georgetown STREET - day 134 brenna stand in the street before taupin 's townhouse . a board up window . a for-sale sign . taupin be go forever . as if he never be . 135 int . brenna's apartment 135 a desk . a single light . a cup of coffee . a typewriter . brenna try to force thought to the surface . clack-clack . it be at last she journal article . she type a line , then rip it from the carriage and tear it to piece . the thought will not come . 136 ext . WASHINGTON mall - day 136 brenna sit on the expanse of grass throw scrap to a group of wild park cat . a shadow cover she face . she look up . it be taupin . something have change he . his face be less cynical . more vulnerable . more human . he sit down on the grass beside she . brenna ( after a moment ) what be we suppose to say ? the cat 's eye be all fix in taupin . they cautiously shrink away , frighten . taupin the emptyness . the year and year of void . nothingness . border only by the quest for ultimate nothingness . who would have guess ? brenna the inheritance . taupin not power . not control . taupin hold a blade of grass as if it be speak to he . taupin life . it be the gift and the under - stand of life . brenna you have live forever . taupin life be only life when it be bound by death . the inheritance be death . the gift be the finality of life . to be part of the fabric . the inside . ( turn to brenna ) I love you brenna . brenna 's chin quiver . taupin it will be horrible . the future . I may die tomorrow or 10,000 tomorrow . I can promise you nothing . nothing but a moment . maybe two . but a moment of love , be that not worth a lifetime ? brenna ( cry ) yes . he hold she . they hold each other . taupin it 's take I so long . so very long . a jogger run by , unaware of any life but he own . fade out _end_