eigh noon by Carl Foreman base on a story by John M. cunningham producer : stanley Kramer director : Fred Zinnemann wi wewrSe wt 40 High noon some note asqut this story the time be about 1870 or 1875 . the place be hadleyville , population around 400 , locate in a western territory still to be determine , a town just old enough to have become pleasantly aware of its existence , and to begin think of {ts appearance . there be one street , a rambling , crooked affair that begin at the railroad station , meander along through the town , end a little way past the relatively new commercial Hotel , and then become a narrow and disappear path into the prairie . most of the people in town , particularly that in better eireumstance , have build house away from the street , end some of they even have small lawn and flower patch , most of they rather pathetic . between the station and the hotel be to be find the majority of the setting for the action of the story : the marshal 's office and the courtroom , the ramirez bar , the barber shop , the general store , the livery stable . other establishment that should be indicate but will not be use ( as of this write ) will be in tune with the place and period : «a bank , restaurant , rooming house , a millinery shop , a hand laundry , etc . almost all the building along the street have some kind of structure behind they , such as outhouse or shed or , in some case , live quarter . not so long ago , hadleyville , like many other frentier town that vere at the mercy of nearby feudal baron , have be terrorize by gil Jordan and he retainer . from he ranch , gil Jordan have rule hadleyville , and rule {t ruthlessly and eruelly . there be still man == and woman , too =~ who bear the physical mark of Jordan 's maniacal rage , five year ago , hovever , marshal will doane , back by a half a dozen harderide deputy , have break the Jordan gang and arrest Jordan for murder . at he trial , he have be sentence to hang , but Jordan 's influential friend in the territorial capital hed have he sentence commute to life imprison - ment . now , five year later , hadleyville be a safe place for vomen and child . Law end order have be so firmly establish that doane new have only two deputy . the people be marshal will doane , helen ramirez , amy doane , harvey pell and other . will doane be in he middle thirty . adequately educate , he be a second - generation westerner in a land thet be still spread out . like most of the other citizen of hadleyvilie , he be not a native of the town . he be direct , practical , aot too m2 ) 4 wi raagmom a man cee Fe ee mm 2 J 1 a ) mm ) te sse se gi a ) bs oy I es whd oy es High noon 41 articulate . his approach to the job cf peace officer be matter - or - fact , umtomantic , but in the five year that he have be town marshal be have alvay like it . he hes enjoy the prestige it have give bim , and the knowledge that he 1s respected and like by the townspeople . now that he be be marry , he be leave the job and the town with some regret , but secure in the feel that he be do the sensible thing {mn move to another town , where a general store should do good business . he {s , certainly , not a average man , cut a very human ome . some tvo year ago be have a somewhat lengthy affair with : helen ramirez . she be two or three year older than doane , a victim of a era and environment vith rigid social stand - ard . to begin with , helen be half mexican , end thus neither acceptable to the '' pure '' american vomen of the region , nor eligible for a " good " marriage . consequently , in eddition to be intelli - go , atrewd and strong - will , she be also hard and resentful . physically , she be handsome , full - treast , passionate . more , she have style , personality . some yeer ago , helen hed carry ramirez , the local salocn - keeper . after he death she hed become gil Jordan 's mistress , with Jordan in jail for lite , helen have herself select will deane as he successor , and helen still cannot forgive doane for end the lisscn , for this be a priviledge she reserve for herselr . recently , she have allow herself to drift into a affair with harvey pell , doane 's friend end deputy . a good business woman , she bas long since dispose of she interest in the ramirez saloon , ent ds a silent partner in the town 's general store . amy doane be , withoyt kmow it , one of the new vomen of the period , woman who be beginning to rebel against the limit - ation ani restriction of the victorian epoch . Young , attractive , iirtelligemt , strong - will , Amy be determine not to be a shelter toyewife but @ full partner in she merciage , and it be she who have plann they future . more , Amy have strong emotional emi intellectual . conviction against any form of violence , because ber father and brother vere kill while take part in vigilante action , end she have since embrace the quaker faith . marziage to doane would have be unthinkable have he remain a peace officer . harvey pell be young than deane , he deputy and friend . but beneeth that friendship be a nag sense of inferiority and a envy of deane . thus , although he have secretly take doane 's place as helen 's lover , he have a feel that he have oot really replace deane . in addition , harvey be ambitious , amicus to preve he manhood acd importance . he bas hope to be appoint mersbel in doane 's place , ami he have expect that deane would secure the position for he . since the promotion have not take place , he be resentful towards deane for this as well . yet , with all this , there be a remnant cf the old like . doane , however , be unaware of the change in harvey 's feeling toward hin . 42 High noon other be : percy mettrick , justice of the peace ; jonas henderson , william fuller and martin ecwe , selectmen ; milt jordan , pierce and colsy , remnant of the Jordan gang ; SAM , helen 's elderly retainer ; toby , doane 's other deputy ; and a surprising cumber of other bitg , mettrick be urbane , culture , cynical , unmarried , middle - age . benderson and fuller , and they wive , be in the same age category , and very solid citizen . mart howe be about sixty , a bachelor . he have be a peace officer all he life , but age and the arthritis that have crippled he hand have cause he retirement some year before , milt jordan , gil 's young brother , jame pierce and jack colby be all that remain of the Jordan bunch . milt be handsome , wild , with cruel eye and a quick , meaningless smile . colby be dour , remote , indrawmn . pierce , the oldest amd the leader , be a chronically sour-temper man , nervous and irritable . SAM 12 a thin , leathery , taciturn man about Martin hove 's age . he look as if he have know a considerable amount of viclence and hard - live ( and probably lawlessness ) in he time , from vhich -- like Mart howe -- he have retire , but in he own way . helen ramirez ia the only person in town += and perhaps the vorld << for whom he have any feel . you sense that he be intensely loyal and devote , that he understand and admire she , and that he {s content to be she watch - dog . dr . marin , the minister , be a sincere , devout , unworldly man , vho hag hia share of human veakness . toby , doane 's other deputy , be about harvey pell 's age . lack harvey 's tense drive , he be good - nature , easy - , oing , dependable in a fight . other character vill be descrite as have go along . how - ever , while have ere here , have omy es wall deserthe the setting for some of the scene to follow . this be : ( 1 ) the commercial Hotel , ( 2 ) helen ramirez 's room , ( 3 ) the courtroom , ( 4 ) the marshal 's office , ( 5 ) the ramirez bar , ( 6 ) the barbershop , ( 7 ) the livery stable , ( 8 ) the Church , ( 9 ) the reilread station , ( 10 ) Martin howe 's home , ( 11 ) willian fuller 's home , ( 12 ) the general store , and ( 13 ) mendosa 's place . the commercial HOTEL would seem to be about six year old . it be a tworstory building . the desk be in the center hall , on one side cf which be the small lobby , and on the other , cut orf from view by curtain or swinging door , the dining room . from the hall , a stairvey lead up to the second floor , where all room be enter from the ball . helen ramirez cecupy two connect room on the second floor of the hotel , toward the front . one be she bedroom and the other have be furnish as a kind of sit room or what ry fl to waa 74 27 3anoasa pe fi | y High noon 43 be call a front room then . the front room overlook che street . her taste be fairly expensive , feminine and god . will doane's office , which he share vith judge hattrick , ig e one - story building on the main street . on one wide of the office be the courtroom and on the other the jail . ' the courtroom be still a somewhat makeshift affair , but the bench , witness stant , jury bax , attorney table and spectator 's saction can be recognize . we will probably not see the jail . the doane - mattrick office should be large enough to contain two desk , chair , etc , the " gun -fighter '' have a very good marshal 's office . the ramirez bar be a typical small smloon of the period ~~ a bar end some table , tut no dance floor , no stage , no glitter gambling layout . the church have a capacity ef about 200 , a small wooden structure . it have a small orgen , or viatever they be call then , and behind the pulpit there heng a large paint replica cf the ten commandment . the barber shop bas one chair and ea round card table . the window bear the follow legemi ; barber shop amd dentist . hot bate . ' then lower down , and in smaller letter : dicnified undertaking . H. lesieur , prop . behind the shop be live quarter 1 and space design for Mr. lesieur 's other activity , but have will { _ + ea none cf this except the shed vhere coffin ar build ani atore , mart howe's home be small , simple , almost berren reflect he bachelorho . william fuller' home be larger , more affluently furnish in the taste of the period , and fussy , show the hand and taste of bis wife . although have will use both exterior , we will probably see only the live - room of each house . tre livery stable front on the main street , but the stable pert , where the horse be stall , be at the rear , and out of sight and hearing from the street . ee ratlroad station , for we purpose , be one small duilding . part of this be veit reon , and part have be parti - tion off to be the Station - master 's Office . the office window look out to the track and to a large bench outside . it {s presently plan to play the material with milt Jordan , pierce ami colby qakside the station house . the general store be e@ typical store cf the period . if possible , it should be indicate that the store be a prosperous one . it should not be too larga , though . mendoza's place be a stop - af ? place some five or ten mile from town , contain ride accommodation for horse end human . yor cur purpose , we vill probebly see only the corral , the exterior of the building ami the interior of the combine bar and eat space -— - in other word , one large room contain a bar , cable , a large fireplace , etc . it be not a fancy place . for a good picturization of this kind of establishment , you should see " stage -coach . '' Wed fu 's Fe ) bal thi wail 44 High noon " high noon " fade in : 1 - 8. ext , outskirt of hadleyville -- day . it be not yet eleven gell . 13 . a.m. , amd the sun be high and hot in a clear sky . near a landmark of some kind -- @ tree or a out -cropping of rock «- a man on horseback wait . in the distance , another Rider appear , riding toward the wait man. now , the maly end credit title appear . behind they , the Rider reach the man who be wait . they recognize each other , wave briefly , wait together . the distant bell of a o.s. Church begin to toll . from another angle , a third Rider allop toward they . he reach they . the pirst man take cut bis watch as the final card appear and pade . we be in close to the three mec now , close enough to see that they be travel - veary and grin , sen vho seem to be drive by a mixture of hatred and hunger . to the order of they appearance , they ere jame pierce , jack colgy and milt jordan . pierce snap bis vatch=case shut , put it away , neds briefly to the other , he. spur he horse , and they follow he . camera pan and eold as they ride gut of scene in the direction of a chureh spire that can be see above screen tree . ext . church . its bell toll calmly and unhurriedly , and the people go into it move terpidly , hot and uncomfor - table in they Sunday test . along the resd that wind past the churth , Jordan , pierce and colby appear ami ride by . they be too far from the church to be recognize by any of the people go in , and when they pass the camera as they ride away from it they seem solivious to dt . although they be only canter , they ride with purpowe , and it be as if the church and the people do not even impinge they - selve on they consciousnesses . ag they move cut of scene , they pass 4 wagon which have come to 4 step in the f.g. a man and he wife be in the wagon , and as the man start to climb down , he see the Three rider . he look after they thoughtfully . ext . MAIN STREET . it bake in the sun , a rather crooked amd wind street that seem desert now in the Sunday calm . Jordan , pierce ami colby canter inte the scene and ride avay from camera . ext . FIRE - house , a volunteer fireman , he Sunday coat off , ie lovingly polish the bright new engine . as he pause al ina mwm7 ea ms 7 7 ha 1 3 24 7 ) 21 val '' RA the ( ithe fal bd a to wl ja fa for = not + wh ff li ) bsa 1s , a5 . lt . 19 . lga . High neon 45 to pour himself a glass of beer from a nearby can , the taree rider pass . he look after they with frown recognition . close shot -- ahoiher man -- stare o.s. at the pass rider , Troubled , he wipe he drip forehead . head - on truck shot -~ on Jordan , pleree and colvy . they keep they eye focus ahead of they , almost contenp ~ tuogusly easy in they saddle tut unvaveringly purposeful . ext . STREET -- shoot toward the HOTEL <- far up she wtreet , as the three man approach it . the shutter of & second < story vindow open , and the figure of a woman can be see . ° mo . close shot -~ helen raminez -- through the window into she sit - room . she be in negligee , still llanguorcus from sleep , she long black hair cascade down over she sboulder . she stretch lururicusly . there be the o.s. SOUND of the approach horse . harvey fell enter the scene from behind she , and drav she back into the room . tor. helen' front room . harvey draw helen into bis arm , aod she accept the familiar embrace . the purely physical attraction each have for the other be obvious . but the sound of the approach horse come nearer . helen 's guze stray to the window . she recognize the taree rider below . che frown , detach herself from harvey , move back to the windov . harvey crane he neck to follow she geze . harvey ~ who 's that ? erlen ( abstract ) you do not know they ... she follow the o.s. rider with she eye . exy , hay aed grain store , ' the storekeeper , in he Sunday pest , be lock the door as Jordan , pierce and colby ride by . he , too , recognize then . he stare after then . sot , STREET . a elderly mexican woman be carry a market basket , the camera moving with she . as the taree Men ride by , she recognize then and step . unselfcon - sciously , she cross herself . — 8 High noon c 20 , al . 23 . ext . marshal' ofwice -~ as Jordan , pierce and calvy ride by . milt Jordan rein up , look toward the marshal 's office , then deliberately rear he horse . the other have stop . pierce ( angrily ) you in a hurry ? milt ( emile ) iteuream ... pierce you be a fool : come on -- he kick he horse . milt shrug , grin . twit . courtroom ~~ shoot toward the street . a wedding ia in progress . will doane and amy , behind they the henderson , the fuller and martin howe , face judge mettrick , most of the man be perspire . Mrs. Henderson , 4 woman conscicus of ber own importance in this community , and Mrs. fuller , a motherly - look woman , make futile motion with they handkerchief . in the street beyond aod unseen by the group , the three rider pasa from view . judge mettrick find bis place in he book , look down at Amy and will with benign good humor , and begin . mettrick will deane and Amy fowler , you have come before I in my capacity ss justice of the peace of this town - ship ... low truck shot =~ of the Three Men as they ride toward camera . they continue down the street , grim , implacable , deadly . ext . ramirez 2 ar , four Men , loafing in front of the bar , be stare 0.8 . gillis , who own the bar , turn excitedly to the other . gillis do you see what I see ? ( to one of the Men ) open ‘er up , Joe ! we be go the have a big day today -- sy w= ) = mte 70 fi 7 ] 2 rarr mm a= fi the ) can fn fey ee a ( fa wlll i TW pea rh ee aya . ak , 25 . grinning , he hand joe the key . ext . STREET . on a bench in the 2.8 , @ Little barefoot mexican toy lie asleep . past he , the Three Men ride in and out of the scene . above the veist they be out of frame , but they holster - gun and the rifle secure so they saddle be in plain and emphatic view . ' the Little boy sleep on . ivt . mareershop -- shoot to STREET . ' the barber be shave '' cman . fareer hot ? you call this het ? ... he see the Three Men ride by , and stop amare . bareer well , I will be <= ! mar what 's the uatter ? bareer thcught I see milt jormiean . . . man he 's down in Texas , somevhere . eareer iimew ... ( be resume work ) look like pierce and colby , toc , comld not be , though ... ( he shrug ) det , eelen' front rocm . harvey be in a ensy chair , lighting a cigar . near he , helen be comb she hair before a mirror on the wall . earve I think they be all split up ... T hear milt Jordan get kill dew in Texas ... belen ( natter - or-factly ) too bad he vesn 's , High noon & High noon 26 . he look at she speculatively , then rise and go to she . he lean against the vall , and , with almost unconscious fascination , teaches over and finger the end of ner Long heir . harvey ( carefully ) ever hear from ois brother ? from guy ? he let go as helen stop , look at he briefly , then continue . selen ( with finality ) ro. harvey sense that the discussion be close . he puff he cigar , then smile suddenly . earvey hey , maybe it 's a good thing doane 's leave town today . ( italy ) maybe ... harvey look at she shrewdly . he reach for a tendril of hair egain . unaware , helen toss she mane , and he with - draw he finger . tnt , stationmaster's office . the Station - master , a small citify - lock man , be take down a telegram . the ticker stop . he read what he have vritten . stationmaster ( { shocked ) . my goodness gracious -~ ! then , look up , he see + through the window -- the Three men. dismount , they be bitching they horse to the rail . stationmaster ( really upset now ) ch , my goodness : now , to he increase dismay , the three man turn and ~ hel = ] ] fl = hm rie a 3 ) fy }m el High noon 9 approach he . instinetively , he turn the message face down . 27 . ert . stationmaster's cpfice . a veather - fede sign be , nail near the window . it read : & through train -- 2 weistee . no sup train -- 3 weisties . ' eg '' of - & dp station -master not in office , soy ticket from conductor . wa bg ( pierce , Jordan and colby move stizfly to the window . they gat there . pierce . ~ N ( wiping bis forehead t with he sleeve ) noon train on time ? ' - ( nervously ) = oh , yes , sir ! . . . at least I think a0 , siz . do not know any reason i 7 why it should not be , Mr. pierce ... h a eow be you , Mr. pierce ? . . . Mr. ' Jordan , Mr. colby ... 7 = they stare he down , then turn end ocve toward «a bench . they sprawl on it , remenber they be not and tired , as they reach for tobacco . pierce look at he vateh , = — egain . 4 4 28 . off. stationmaster's office . the stationmaster vatch | & they . when he be sure that he be wmobserve , he slip } = furtively out by the rear door , carry the telegran ° with he . b '' SE 29 - tnt . courtrocm <= as mettrick conclude the ceremony . - 30 . & . ( the doane ) ass be you , will deane , take Amy to be you lawful wedd wife , to . os have and to hold trom this day e forvard , util death do you pert ? 50 High noon 32 . 32 . 33 - 36 . doane tdo ... mettrick and do you , Amy , take will to the you lawful husband , to have and to hold from this day forvard , until death de you part ? amy ido ... mettrick the ring , please . doane get it from Henderson , slip it on Amy 's finger . mettrick then , by the authority vested in mar by the law of this territory I pronounce you man and wife . there be the usual brief , tentative pause , with doane very mach avare of the other , and then he take Amy in bis arm and kiss ber , rather briefly . the tension break . as the Men crowd around doane and the woman surround Amy , mettrick smilingly move to any . meytrick iea not speak for the rest of you man , but I claim a ancient privilege ... there be laughter as he kiss she . ext , STREET -- as the stationmaster , clutching the telegram , hurry up the street , he passage occasion curious stare from loafer and passerby . ed . close shot -- the two Old Men , sit in the shade . they watch the Station - master pass . first old man move mighty fast for a Sunday . . - tnt . marshal' office . the door lead to the courtreom be open , end doane be lead Amy through it . he shut it firmly behind he . 7 non mo S 2771 0 B mne ) 7 ) 0 ) & : 7 i ba 's ey aie faa '' re os eel Bea = so 4 oe if 1 m High noon '' 1 amy ( embarranse but amused ) will -- 1 . '' doane all that people ... . he lead she avay from the doorway tovard he desk , vhere bis holster and gun hang from a hook . toane ( as they move ) | to I people ought to be alone when they get umrried . . . he be balt -serious , end Amy understand he urge to be away from the other . . amy trmow . .. they be face each other now , they eye hold , very conscious of each other . doane ( awewardly ) any , I be go to try ... i'll do my test ... he be brush aside the formal vow of the ceremony vith ais own promise , Amy understand . awe ( softly ) ivill , too ... they awareness of each other grow . this time , when they kiss , there be a healthy pession in the embrace , and they ere both a Little shake vien they part . the mock on the door startles they , Henderson open the door and lean eerderscn ( grin ) the honeymoon be officially over -- ( he turn end call over he shoulder ) come on , everybody ! . . . 52 High noon . eenderson ( cont would . ) ( be the other come through the doorvay ) ' and do not look so shocked , lady . a man 's entitle to some privacy on bis vedding day -- mettrick 1 that 's debatable , jo. however , one more ceremony , and will 's a free man . more or less ... ( not turn to doane ) marshal , turn in you badge ... } laugh , smile , the group have converge on will and Amy at the desk . doane understand mettrick 's reference , and he hand go up to he badge , then fall away . uncon - 1 sciously , he stall a Little . doane I be hope harvey and tobe would have here ... ( not grin ) a man ought to be able to make a final speech to he deputy . . and here they do not even show ' up for he wedding ... 4 } mettrick they will be along before you leave . Amy be watch deane vith quiet understanding . doane I guess so ... ( he reach for he badge 1 again , then stop ) tell the truth , I kind of hate to do this without you new marshal be here ... henderson ( with mock solemity ) will , Sam fuller and Mart hove end tare the entire board of selectman of this community . we be , also , you very good friend . Ani you have dene such a fine job here , that I a} — 4 — JI 2 I i = ii with = =I TI oa I 10 '' yi es . High noon 53 _ ee al henderson ( cont 'a . ) > feel completely free to say -- and 1 the judge will bear I out -— E ( not grin jovially : .' for bis punch line ) . t- that this town will be perfectly & safe until tomerrov : ... deane join in the general laughter . his eyea neat Amy 's , ee end vhen he speak it be to she . . ms ( rustuliy ) ant ruefully . ' = you vin . . , ( to the other ) ' sut do not ever marry a quaker . = she will bave you run '' store ... not : fuller : be pad can not quite picture you do that , ' aur lo , ( quietly ) team ... i rowe zs} ( soberly ) - by so can I . and a geod thing , toc . af am ( smile at he ) thank you , sir . deane look at howe quizzically . fa = doane = you do not talk that vay vhen you be wear a star ... -= he shake bis nead with mock sadness , ani then a vick . glint come into he eye . og doane = alright , it 's come off , but I get to be pay first . = swittly be sweep Amy off she foot and hold she aloft . 54 High noon amy will , let I down : doane not till you kisa I -- amy ( laugh ) let I down , you fool : then she give in , and doane let she down . grinning , not take off he badge emi ping it to he holster on the wall . the street door open loudly , and as they turn to it , the stationmaster hurry in . stationmaster ( coreathless ) marshal -- | telegram for you -- ( as he hand it to doane ) tt 's just terrible ... ! it 's shocking ! the other stare as doane read it . doane ( unbelievingly ) they -~ they pardon guy Jordan . . . amy what be ts , will ? henderson zt do not believe it ! {he take the wire fron deane ) a week ago , too . . . mice of they to let you mow ... stationmaster ' that be not all , milt Jordan 's down at the depot with Jim pierce and Jack colby . .. . they ask sbout the noon train ... doane ( still daze ) noon train ... 2 ? he turn to lock at the wall clock , and the other folicv 's not 7 m a ms on es biss fa eee p27 ) B 38 . x . High noon 55 he gaze . it ts twenty to eleven . henderson you get out of here , will ! you get out of town this minuta ! the other join he as he '' hustle doane and Amy to the door . ame what be it ? ) what 's the matter -- 7 henderson hever sind -= there 's no time < = the office empty . ' there be '' silence . suddenly it be troken by the sound of a lusty score . camera pan to the cell et the rear of the office . a drink be sleep it off on the cell cot . he sleep on . ext. marseal office == a the group emerge , and deane help Amy up imto the buckboard at the hitek rail . he turn to the other . henderso go on == foller yea , go on , will : Mart hove bas alresdy wmbitch the tvo horse and turn they to the street . deane hesitates , then turn ani climb up into the buckboard . henderson geed luck , boy , end hurry ! he slap one of the horse on the romp . they start end move into '' gallop . hendersen emi the other vave euricusly , as the wagon move o.3 . exd . STREET , pedestrian react ag the buckboard rattles by , doane whipping the horse vith the rein . . dvt . helen' front room , arvey pell be at the winiew , stare into the street . there be the o.s. rush and clatter of deane 's wagon roll past . 56 High noon ho . al. ( aloud ) that 's funny . . - helen' voice waat ? she come into the scene and to the window . harvey you can not see now , doane and he new wife take off in a big hurry . helen ( not amused ) what 's so funny ? harvey imean a big hurry . ... hey , you do not suppose deane 's scared of that three gunny ? helen look at he skeptically . barvey ( irritate ) well , you do not see he . I never sav he whip a horse that way . helen stare at he . obviously , he be tell the truth . she frown , then go to the door , open it . int . hall -~- as helen come cut , gc to the room next door , knock . belen Sam -- 7 sam' voice come on in , helen «= she open the docr and go in . int . hall . in he shirtsleeve , SAM be seat at a table , clean a rifle . ye look up at helen 's entrance . ° a I ara a3 dona = ? = nom oo ral High noon 57 - ak helen ( quietly ) milt Jordan 's in town . he 's E get two of the old bunch with - nin . 2 Sam look at she unwinkingly , then get up slowly . SAM = ( stuply ) . & I guess I will take a look around . ' " he start to put on he coat . pet : = ka , exd . sureet -- on the stationmaster hurry back to the Station . as he reach the barter shop , the barber come 1 out , razor in hend . ' 1 bb I barber h se what 's go om , Oliver ? = staticnmaster } ( aot without pleasure + _ in he role ) '' guy Jordan 's be let go ... | e | = ( amaze ) . boi. . . taen that vas milt I see = just now <-- bs staticnmaster ' ~- tt sure wes == and pierce and ee colby , tao ... ' barber } = you do not say ! . . . where 's doane ? the staticnmaster he 's leave ... hi barber that 's a amart man ... | they part , the statiommaster go on down the street , the barber return into he shep . han 4 ge be 58 High noon 49 . par ( as be go to ) how , me. Thompson , a@id not I tell you ~~ 2 camera hold on window of the shop . ext , prairie -- mo , long shot -- on the buckboard 48 it garean over the uneven pais , doane keep the horse at a wild gallop . put , then , gradually , 45 the vagon approach the camera , doane begin to rein up . wer . prairie -- buckroard -~ a8 doane bring it to @ halt . he be frown with think , struggle with himself . Amy stare at nim . amy woy be you stop ? doane ( finally ) it 's no good . I have get to go pack , Amy . - ag Way ? doane this be crazy : T have not even get any gun . amy then lat 's go on '' ~ hurry ! doane , no . that 's what I have be think . they be waking oe tun. never run from anybody before . amy ( trantic ) who ? . . . I do not understand any of this . doabe ( take out bis waten ) thave not get time to tell you . uu pmam ol i ewe m I rs ) er a ab '' fin = aa fas = = u = 50 . 50a . High noon 59 amy then do not go tack , will ... doame I have get to . that 's the whole thing ... he whip the horse and turn they back toward the town . ext . railroad station . milt Jordan , pierce and colby be on the bench . milt be drink from a elmost deplete whiskey bottle . he hand it to colby , whe take a swallow , ami return it . milt offer it to pierce , who shake kis head angrily . pierce I think you would grow up by nov . . mile I think you disposition aight have sweeten a Little down in abiline . .. . guess have be both wrong . he take aucther drink . ont . SALOON . six more Men have join the other . gillis , flushed with drink and anticipation , be in the centre of 4 group at the bar . he pound cn it with hia open hand for emphasis end attention . gillis : hit the ber , all of you ! I be gettin’ them up : they move to the bar in acceptance of bis largesse . int . helen' front room . helen and harvey be face San . eelen eow could they parton guy ? he be in for life «- SAM ( abrugge ) he 's cut ... barvey ( a glint of trtudph 7 oe 60 High noon su. 513 . 52 . 53 - barvel ( canta ) in bis aye ) go that 's why doane rum away . + + helen look at nim , starta to say something , then stop . there be the o-4 - clatter of hoofbeat in the street . they turn to the window . ex , STREET -~ from helen 's point of view . doane 's puckboard can be see elatter past toward nis office . pack to scene 51 . helen turn to the ether and look quizzically at harvey . he scowl under the amusement in she eye . ext , marshal' office -- as the buckboard pull up pyefore it . tn ? , bareershop . ' the barber ts finish with he customer . a elderly man ( fred ) hurry in . fred ( exetted ) doane 's back . - + : the customer sit up . sareer do not believe it : fred just see he . -- the barber lock at the clock . it be tex minute to eleven . barber how many coffin have get ? fred bareer we be gonna need at least two more , no etter how you figure it . you datter get yusy , Fred . pred nod and nurry out through a reer door the barber remember nis customer , and remove the eleth with @ flourish . = wee eee cee =r d High noon 41 es < bareer all finish , Mr. Thompson . '' frag you look just fine ... ae sk-55 . out . ° '' = ee. 56 ~ ume . marshal' opfice , Amy and doane come in , and doane 60 . go quickly to where he gune bang on the wall . Amy oft watch bin as he buckle they on . his mimi be already e in the future , and she know it . nevertheless , she parsevere . aur please , will -— ! & deane look at she , then go on , ss aur =o ( desperately ) om tf you would only tell not what this ia all about ... doare . he vas suppose to hang , - New he 's tree -- I do not cs know how . amyway , it look like & be 's come back . ant E T still do not understand -- '' = ( choose bis word ss carefully ) he'ea ... be vas always wild -- = kind of crazy . . . . he will probably ee make trouble ... aur & that 's no concern of yours == not & anymore ! =' ik . doane I be the one who send he up . {l I — — - =r 62 High noon amy that ves part of you job . that 's finish sow . they have get a caw marshal -- doane wo not be here till tomorrev . seem to I I have get to stay a while . ( not reach for he star ) anyway , I be the same man -- with or without this ... he pin it on . amy that be not so . doane ( patiently ) I expect he will come look for mar . Three of he old bunch be wait at the depot ... aut that 's why we ought to go ... doane ( still patient ) they will just come after we ... . four of then , end we would be all alone on the prairie ... auy we have get a hour ! they beth leok at the clock . it show nine minute to @leven . doare what 's a hour ? . . . amy we could reach -~ doane ( cut in ) what 's a hundred mile , even ? we would never be able to keep that ~y 2 ©) 2 J m2 & - a ) of T ) tb 2 on of 3 mm ] _ ) il dosne 's face stop hin . High noon doane ( cont would . ) store , Amy . they would come after we . we would have to run again . Long as we live . .~ amy no , we would not -- not if they do not know where to find we : tighten . he start toward the door . Amy amy . will , I be begging you -- please : .. - fat 's go ... et doane tea not ..- amy ( angry ) De not try to be a hero ! you do not pave to be a hero <= not for I ! doare ( lose bis temper ) I be not try to be '' hero ! ww you think I like this , you be crazy : ( not caster himself ) Amy , look . this be my town . I have get triexis here . toty and harvey '1i pe hers , I will swear in '' bunch of special deputy . with '' posse pehind I , maybe there will not even the any trouble ... a ( defeat ) you know there will be trouble . doane then it 's better to bave it bere ... - I be sorry , honey . I know bow you feel about it -- amy ( harshly ) do you ? 64 High noon doane ( awewardly ) of course I do . tt mow it 's ageinst religion end all -~ sure I know how you feel about it . ame ( atscerty ) bat you be do de just the same . doane ( nelplessly ) Amy . +: Amy come to hin , she neart in she eye : deliberately throw all she have of nagnetisa and sex at bin . minute ago '' * do not that mean whole live ahesd of whee es # + * do not shatmse aeytn seat . with a effort , deane gently push she aside . any be ghatter - doane Amy , you know live only get 4 m hour . + qive get thing to 40 wee you stay at the potel till it 's over . with bis hand at she elbew , he start toward the door . Amy hold ner ground . ame no ) you be ask I to wait a nour to find out if ita go to be a vite or a widow , and I say it 's too long to wait ; I will not do itt 80 . { you want I , ' will , of you would not have marry I . - te you love I , will ~ } J — ) tt ml wl om mp coe 771 < a ) prowmieo — . 4 ya nos momo il a be u so ao ml it , 61 - 63. 65 ~ 6 , High noon 65 ( stunne ) amy it know <= you think I be just say tt - because I be engry . but iomean it : if you will not go vith I now -~ I will be om that train when it leave here ... they aye meet ami hold . doare ( finally ) I have get to stay , Amy ... Amy try to mask she hurt . Chin high , she move past he to the door , and cut . doane stare after she a moment , then follow she out . ext . marshal' office . judge mettrick be tie he horse to the hitching rail as Amy emerge . too blind by tear of hurt and anger to see bim , she climb into the buckbeard . mettrick look on impassively , first at Amy end then at deane vhen the marshal come cut . the two man vatch as Amy turn the horse toward the station and whip they out of scene . then , as mettrick take down he saddle - bag , deane come toward he , he face lighten with vralisr . doane T be glad you get here , perce ... ( cevenly ) be you ? carry the bag , he walk deliberately cast doane and tate the office . surprise , deane follow he . i¥t . marshal' office . mettrick stride quickly across the room inte the courtroom . doane continue after hin , puszle , . int , courtroom . mattrick go to the desk that serve as the bench , and quickly begin to stuff the saddle - 68 High noon bag with papers , nis gavel , and other belonging . during the course of the scene , he will also pack bis legal book , and vuen the bag ere full he vill stack end tin the remainder of he book vith rawhide thongs . wateh from the doorvay , doane stare at he vith sick understanding . mettrick be very much aware or deane 's eye on bin . finally , he pause in he work . meterick ( sharply ) be you forget I be the man who pavs sentence on guy Jordan ? deane shake '' mumbly . mettrick resume he nurried pac 's mettrick you should not have come back . it be stupid . -- doane I figure T ned to . I figure it be better to stay . metirick you figure wrong . doane I can deputize a posse . ten , twelve gun be all I would need . metirick my intuition tell I otherwise . doake why ? mettrick look up at the well clock . it to seven minute to eleven . metirick ( ettterly ) ' there 's no time for '' lesson in civic , ay boy . on the wall behind the bench be a american flag of the period and '' picture ef justice , with scale end blindfold . the judge go to then and start to " ] } ayn 3 boa mo ) 's 2a I eo mis 4 '' 4 av '' to mom es 4 ! oe High noon 67 take down and fold up the flag . almost helplesaly , he begin to talk , mettrick ( take down the flag ) tn the fifth century 5.c. , the citizen of athen -- have suffer grievously under a tyrant -- manage to depose and banish he . however , vhen not return after some year vith a army of mercenary , this same citizen not only open the gate to he , but stand by while he execute the senber of the legal government . . . . a similar thing take place about eight yeer ago in a town call indian Falls . I escape death only through the intercession of & lady of somewhat dubious reputa - tion , and at the cost of '' handsoue ting that once belong to ay mother ... ( he shrug ) unfortunately , I have no more ring ... ee have neatly fold up the flag by sow and hes place it im one of the saddlebegs . he turn to the picture of justice emi take it down . doare , but you be a judge -~ metirick T have be '' judge many tine in many town . I hope to be a judge again . doane ( give up ) tea not tall you what todo ... ( nershiy ) will , why must you be such a feol ! have you forget whet he be ? have you forget what he 's do to people ? 68 High noon 69 . ta- th. medtrick ( cont would . ) have you forget that he 's crazy ? he point to the vacant chair near the defense table . do not you remember vhen he sit in that chair there and say «= close shot -- vacant chair you will never hang I ! i' i1 be back ! i'll kiln you , deane ! T swear tt , I will i212 you ! back to scene . doane and mettrick stare at each other , doane ( after a pause ) yeah ... . iremember . . , railroad track , end the shard and splinter tumble and glitter in the sunlight . ' then the camera tilt up to reveal Jordan , pierce and colby in the b.g , colby be stare at the break glasa vith childlike interest . pierce be scowling angrily at milt , who be look innocently off . ont . stationmaster's office —- amy and the stattonmaster . separate by the counter , they be both stare through the window at the three man on the platforn outside , Amy vith fascinate loathing , the stationmaster worried . then they exchange a quiet look , and the stationmaster go back to what he have be do . he stamp Amy 's ticket end hand it to she . ( soberly ) here you be , mar 'am . this will take you to St. Louis ... thank you . — ] 7 ] bh tt oo =) in wr a4 be of 17 ) al =a 6 in ay ) gel a koon oe ee rik al all High noon 69 she start to turn away to sit down , then realize that abe will have to share the station with Jordan , pierce end colby for the next hour . the stationmaster sense she predicament . ( kindly ) maybe you would rather vait somewhere else , mar 'am ? like at the hotel , maybe . we will get three whistle if the train 's go to stop , and you will have plenty of time the get down here . amy ( puzzle ) Te the train stop ? sta : ( he 1s embarrassed ) yes , mar 'am . it do not always , Little town like this . I would hate to tell you how many tine she 's just run right through ay flag , ‘specially if she 's late . but she will stop to let off passenger . . - amy tsee. .. . thank you ... she turn and start cut . ( sincerely ) t'u awful sorry about thia , Mrs. doane . . . . bat the marshal can handle himself alright . ( wryly ) thank you very much ... she go cut of scene . ext . platform -- group shot == jordan , pierce and colsy . milt ts look off , and when Amy appear in the b.¢. and go to the buckboard , he follow she with bis eye . 70 High noon milt ( lightly ) that be not here five year pierce so what ? milt ( smile ) rothing . ... yet ... . maybe ... his smile broaden as pierce 's irritation mount , and he continue to vatch Amy until she be cut of sight . int , helen ramirez 's sitting room . the table have be set , and helen and harvey be eat breakfast . helen look at the clock . it be five ainute to eleven , ( quietly ) do not you think doane will have look for you about now ? earvey ( carelesaly ) yeah ... he continue eat . helen watch hin . helen ( mildly ) you be really sore at he ... ( paustog ) would not you the , if you vere not ? helen ( gently ) I suppose I would -~ if I be you ... harvey look at ber , not quite certain of she meaning . a he go back to bis food . helen resume cate . eat in silence for e vhile . then a idea begin grow in he , and be smile suddenly . he wipe he mouth and push away from the table . B a8 be on ) neo > my tv '' 2 sa ) a3 wy a oy oma 1 3 7 . ts. 80 - 81. High noon 71 barvey t'll be back in a while -- grinning now , he get he bet end go . helen look etter he speculatively . ivt . hall . harvey come out of the reom , down the hall Sam 's door ts open , and sem can be see sit quiet guard in the doorvay . he look at harvey with - out expression and without warmth or like . sut harvey be too pleased with himself ? to care , whistle softly , he go to the stair . i¥t , stairway -~ as harvey come down the stair . int . lobby . ' the Hotel clerc watch harvey come down , cross the lobby end go cut . ext . HOTEL . harvey come out and walk down the street . two SMALL boy in they Sunday best run into the scene , to harvey , first soy hey harvey -~ | harvey turn to see they , grin . second boy you gonna shoot it out with guy Jordan , harvey ? be you ? first 2ooy you gonna kill he , harvey ? barvey ( ruffling he hair ) T sure be . Amy 's buckboard clatter into the scene and past . harvey , puzzle , vatch she stop before she hotel and climb down . second boy ( tug at hervey 's shirt ) hey , harvey -~ harvey go on , go on , you ought to be - in chureh += the both of you . oe 72 . High noon he throw & final look at the hotel , which Amy have enter , and walk off . 82 - tyr. HOTEL lobby <- at desk . ' the clerk be stare at Amy . 7 7 ) mis 83. ay May T wait here for the neon train ? {as the clerk continue to stare at she ) t say may T wait in the lobby antil neon ? clerk ( unabash ) sure , Lady . amy ( sursing away ) ' thank you . clerk you be Mrs. doane , be not you ? am yes . clerk and you be leave od the noon train ? amy ( sharply ) yes . clerk . ( skepticably ) but you husband be not ? amy ( seudy bin ) fo. Way ? clerk ( eoolly ) no reason . but it 's aignty interesting . - + '' how I , it vouldna't leave this town at noon for all a h ' , onua moe a os 1 pamnwo 4 eee '' ts to ail be a , it 3 a mo m J bi bigh noon 73 clerk ( conc would . ) the taa in China . ( not smile vindictively ) ro sir . it 's go to be quite e sight to see ... Amy stare at bim , puzzle by bis hostility , then go to a chair near the window . gue ext , marshal' office -- at hitching rail . doane vatch 86 . the judge make bis saddlebags and book secure . mattrick aive the strape a final tug , hesitates , then turn to face doane . mettrick goodby , will ... doane ( flatly ) goodby ... mettrick be horribly ashamed . ooane try to hide he own sick , still somewhat daze , shock and disappointment . meytrick . you think I be let you down , do not you ? doane no. meytrice look , this be just a dirty little village in the middle of nowhere . nothing that heppens here be really important ... . get aut ! doane there be not time ... medtrick ( stare at he ) what a vaste ... ( gently ) geed luck . he turn , mount , ride off . doane lock after he a moment , then turn to go into he office . he see a cee oe ee ee 74 High noon Boy of about fifteen who have be loung curiously nearby , try to overhear . doane ( call bim ) johnny -* johnny come over to he . his wide eye make it obvious that he know what ( 's go on . doane why be not you in church ? sorry why be not you ? doane raise he arm in a mck threat , then drop it . doane De something for I . find Joe Henderson , Mart hove and sen fuller , amd tell ‘em T vant ‘em here . and then go find harve pall -- harvey' voice do not have to do that -~ here I deane 's face light up ae he curn and see harvey approach thes . johnny take off . deane sense that harvey need 10 explanation . doane ( with gruff varnth ) where you bean ? harvet ( lightly ) psy . doane be able to smile . he know what be ' busy 's usually sean for tarvey , and even at this moment he paternal feel for the young man can break through the situation . then he sober . doane you know what 's do ? '' y co L mm ) can > cn a i ~ T th , 73 ww i441 , auw one 1 to '' J ~ can my 18s ia ss Tom bd 1 . hi ha start to High noon 75 harvey sure . doane come on . lot todo ... go into the office , but harvey stop he gently and lean against the door jamb . he start in harvey hold up a second . {as doane stare at he ) this be not really you job , you know . doane ( almost absently ) that 's what everybody keep tell mo . ee again , but harvey bar ois vay with he arm . barvey yeah , but when I tell you it mean something . so you can liaten a second . doane ( aumor he ) alright , I be listen . harvey now , the way I see it , if you would go , and with the new marshal not due till tomorrow , I would be in charge around here . right ? doane ( patiently ) right . barvey well , tell I this then . if I be go enough to hold down the job woen there 's trouble , how come the city father do not trust I with it permanent ? 78 High noon 87 - 89 . doane stare at hin , vegin to be disturb . doase T do not know . harvey ( thinly ) do not you ? doare ( flatiy ) ko. harvey that 's funny . I figure you carry @ lot of veight . doane maybe they do not ask I ... - maybe they think you vere too young . harvey you think I be too young , too ? desne 's irritation and bis like for harvey struggle with each other . his like win . doane you gure act like it sometimes ! coma on : grabbing harvey , he stove he inside ehead of he . tnt . marshal' office . deane propel harvey into the room . harvey ( ertumphantly ) now here 's what I want you to do , wlll . when the old boy come , you tell ‘em you vant I to be marshal , amd tomorrow they can tell the new man they be sorry but the job 's fill . doane ( stop ) you really mean it , do not you ? ~ iy a ty n = a a | will , aomMaamnoa hs at. = ) bi aw =I ~ sine 4 ( on 7 — a a 4 sas '' High noon 77 harvey sure . doane well , ica not do it , wey not ? doane if you do not koow , there 's no use I tell you . harvey you mean you will not do it , doane lock at he helplessly , then turn avay from he and go toward the desk . the clock on the wall resda one minute to eleven . doane have it you vay ... ( flaring ) alright . the truth ts you probably talk against not from the start . you be sore ebout I and belen ramirez right along , be not you ? doane ( surprised ) you amt helen ramirez ? [ do not -- ( not begin tc understand ) T % so happen I do not know , and it do not mean anything to I one way or ancther . you ought to lnow that . harvey yeah ? you be vashed up for more than a year == you go out and get yoursel ? marry -- only you can not stand anybody taice you place there , can you ? papecially not ! 73 High noon be doane ( overwhelm ) you be <= he can not find vord . he turn and look at the clock . a tt ig two minute after eleven . ol. doane T have not get time , harvey ... harvey okay : then let 's get down to business . you want I to stick , you gut the werd in for I like I say . ( quietly ) sure . I vant you to stick , tut I be not buy it . it 's get to be up to you ... they look at each other as if across a chasn . harvey see that doane mean it , he can not quite believe it , but he {a commit now . he go to the desk , take off he gun belt and badge , gut they down , turn and go cut . doane stare after he , sick at heart . quick dissolve to : ext . countryside -- mo . long shot -- on two rider gallop single - file toward camera . ext . countryside . ' the two rider near the camera , the man in front ( ed peterson ) rein up . ‘he other rider , who vear a star , pull up beside he . this {s toy , boane 's second deputy . Toby look at Peterson warily . peterson how about rest a minuta ? tory I be in a hurry . peterson I be not . q — _ amo my if 7 ) af ! a ona mar be High noon 79 tory dimov . . . . goldarn you , I ought to be kissing '' bride about now instead of riding herd on a ween old polecat like you . peterson come om °= how about @ smoke ? he raise bis arm , end have see now that he wrist be bound by a rawhide thong . Tor you gonna be @ good toy ? peterson you know ae , Toby . tory sure , iinew you ... he take cut a knife ami cut the leather strap . feterson - reach for he tobacco . ' tory make it a quick one . I want to get to that wedding before it 's over . quick dissolve to : dome , Zelen' front rocm -- close shot -- earvey . he be red-face , baffle . ' there be the o.s. soumi of Zelen 's laughter . harvey what 's so funny ? camera pull back to inctode helen . she pull herself together somewhat . eeley you do not really think you could pot that over on doane , do you ? harvey why not ? 80 High noon eelay when be you go to grow up ? harvex ( angrily ) I be get tired cf that cing of talk . seu ( lightly ) then grow up . harvey be ineressingly irritate ani cemfuse under the goad of the almost materwal pity in she lacghter end manner . sarvet cat 16 owt ! sete ( gently ) alright ... she pat bis cheek placatingly , tut harvey shove she hand away . under she level look , he start to pece angrily . bahvet Way should not be bave go for itt he need oe . he will need I plenty when Jordan get here . ( watehing he ) that 's possible . harvey he should have have se make marshal to begin with . he 's just sere , be all . he 's sore about you and ae . erlan ( frown ) be he ? sore , , , hb awe 1 tad he he as se do feed High noon 81 a senay ( quietly ) - you tell he ? # earvey ~ ( amaware of he danger ) if sure . helen > ( with control rage ) go tou 'te a fool . '' earvet C ( reacting to she tone ) — _ Way ? do not you want he to know ? . . . ( with a blind impulse & to burt ner ) _ say , who do the valking out anyway , you or hin ? ec we ealey ( flatly ) : get cat , harvey . - harvey begin to reelize that he have meade a fatal blunder . — earvey a iomight just do that . seley ( amd she mean it ) taen do it . harvey you do not mean that . helen you think not ? harvey ( vegimn to bluster ) you be go to talk different when guy Jordan . getz in . you aight want somebody around you when you be explain to hin about deane . 82 High noon seley TI can take care of aysalr . sarved sure . only from what I have hear , you aight not be sco pretty when he gata through with you . belen look at he vith cold disgust , then go to the the door amd open it . barve ( nis last attempt ) T will not be back . elen ( quietly ) good . he slam the door as he gc . alone , helen pace the theor . ske look at the clock . it be five after eleven . she come to '' decision , go to the decr , open it . dwp . hall . in he roca , Sam look up as helen 's door open . eeley sem < = Te rise end go to she . hela it think I have to talk to Mr , weaver ... SAM you be get out ? helen yea . he consider she answer , accept it . g am you want I to give doane a band ? . helen think it over , almost but not quite disguise she fa bea bed we pig sil tt fa wa bh. ee a gd lm led mh ere cx a . " 7 m1 rs be _-—_— ee lol . bigh noon inner struggle . then she cake ber decision . ( ftatly ) bo. Sam neds , turn and go . dwt . helen' front rogm , she shut the door , stand there @ moment , think , then valk unhurriedly toward she bedroom . camera pan with she . reflected in she dresser mirror , we can see she beginning to change . int . marseal office . deane be at bis desk , lose in think . there be the SOUND of he door open , end ~ he jerk {oto awareness and turn . a solidly ~built , normally pleasent - llock , man now scowling with indignation be come in . his name be baker . baker will -- I just beard < | ( rise ) hello , herb ~~ saker you can count cn I . you know that , do not you ? doane ( bis spirit rise ) . I figure I could . taeer wey , you clean this town up -~ you mmie it fit for woman end child to live in , ani neither Jordan or nobody else be go to drag it down again : doane T be hope people would feel that way ... baker whaat other way be there ? {as doane shrug ) vey we ww 0 a 84 High noon baker ( cont would . ) how matty man you get line up ? | doane . . none , yet ... c : Baker look at the clock . it be seven after eleven . . baker , you tetter get gcing , aan . oa ( he start out ) 's t'll be back in ten aimte - — ~ ( he grin ) , ~~ load for bear . . - ' deane look after he , touch and encourage . he look , up at the clock , then frown as be remember bis scene : with herve pell . he take a want poster from '' desk drawer , and on its back he write : ' ' " rack in five '' - 7 he prop this up on he desk , end go out . : 102 . ext . SALOON . hervey pell , still seethe , stride toward ' the saloon . he pass tro Indians loung tefore the ' - saloon , end que in . 103 , tnt . SALOON . it 1s crowle now , with a almost holiday atmosphere . harvey come in ent gc to the ber . his entrance gain considerable ettenticn . sowe of the Men 4 ned , amd harvey return the gesture briefly . the bar ~ tender come to he vith a bottle and glass , ani harvey pour himself ea drink . gillis , the owner , leave the group he be vith end come over to the ber next to harvey . harvey ignore he es be drink . hi , harve = - harvey ~ cris ~- where 's the tin star ? wt — be ! di it aby ea 1 i pe ry ies ba 3 ) tu wut a * High noon 85 = °e earvet itoturn tt in , I quit ... oe i gillis | -_ smart move , wad earve I do not ask for you opinion . he take the bottle and move to a vacant table . gillis look after he wisely . 104 . ext , STREET . doane walk steadily toward the hotel . ' the of street seem empty except for he , but doane have the feel ee that eye be vatching hin . ss 105 . dvt. room overlooking STREET . a Men amd '' woman , tovaspecple , be , be lock out of the window at doane as he pass . t : of 106 . ext. strest -~- truck shot . with doane . ' the two Little boy gs we have see before dash into the scene , one in pursuit 1 be of the cther . the pursuer ertend he arm amd shoot . - bang : beng ! <= you be dead , doane ! . . . a he turn end run headlong into doane , vio hold ani ' steady he . the Boy look up end recognize doane. id his mouth go wide in daze panic . ' then he jerk out ¢€ of doane 's grasp and run svay , es the other ioy disappear . es well . deane continue up the street . & lot . ext , depoi -- jordan , fierce and colsy . colby be play = a western folk tune on he harmonica . milt take a deep drag cf bis cigarette , then flipa the butt sway sharply ' z amd get to he foot . pierce vatch hin narrowly . sa milt stretch . = sour a you know what ? think I will go ~ get some liquor . ee pierce the you have to have it ? - melt ee yep. | 4 '' ' = - 38 High noon if you be go after that milt I say I be go for liquor ... ee start to walk avay . pierce t you keep away from doane ! ... . Mar sure ... . Dean wait ... he saunter cx . 108 . ext HOTEL , 4s deane near the hotel , he see the - duckboamt hitched before it . his face brighten ami bis pace quicken . 1l0g= dmt . HOTEL loesy . Amy , sit near the vindov , see iho . doane apgreach . believe he be come to she , she be overjoy . rising , she hurry to the door , and be there wait for he when he come in . doane take har arm im he happily . i by : doaze oc : Amy , you change you mind -- Amy stare up at he , the Joy ebbing cut of she eye as she begin to understand he . she disengsge she arn . . ( duly ) I would think you have change yours ... . bo , will , I have ay S bdokeat 2 ... es doane = ( coreught down ) - '' . tae ... -_ he lock at ber , bis disappointuent suldenly boil = over into anger , then turn from she and go toward a : the desk . the clerk 1s lean on it , watch hin . come . there be no sympathy in bis eye . as doane = near the desk , a elderly Chambermaid come in with bs to High noon &7 | = 7 mop and pail , and reach the dask at the same tine as he do . ignoring doane , the clerk get '' key ~— and toss it on the counter toward the Chambermaid . = = clerk open 19 , end clean it up goad . ae ( deltverately ) ioe me. Jordan 's very particular ... ve ag ahe take the key end go , be look at doane calmly . yoo deane 's face tighten . al _ '' doare E helen ramirez in ? a clerk guess a. . doane look at he , turn and go to the stair . 9 so ( meaningly ) | think you can find it alright ? doane doem not answer . he start up the stair . the - clerk grin . Amy 1s watch deane as he go , puzzle . lu . tnt , stairway -- om doene es he mount the stair . 2 = . tt , hall -- on doane as he come to the landing and , = go to helen 's door . he knock . ~ 13 . tht , helen' hedroom . she be pack as she hear be doane 's knock . be helen rc come -- ls. ' und . helen' front room -- as doane enter , look around , see no cme , wait . we . ' tt .. helen' hedroch . she stop , puzzle , then go to the front reoa . lé- ty , helen' front rocm , helen enter the room , stop 9 . short as she see doane . ' they eye mest and hold . the silent tension grow , seem to fill the room as with le a explosive gas . it be helen vho break the silence . ~ 88 High noon helen doane hes pean wait patiently for the stern to subside . ' doane ( gently ) - 5 come to tell you be be come . - I shoold have ftigare you would know about it . etan want poileh bereel togueber , angry eat aenenl tse nerself . re zt ow about it . ( quietty ) tia not efraia of bin . doare t know you 'rs not , but you kiow now he be . ea ) ba bie ria High noon 8 helen ( aully ) I mow how he be . . - she turn away frou he , gee to the vindew . ' they be veth atlent for '' moment . helen , ( without hope ) maybe be do not know . . - doane he probably get letter . bele probably ... ( she smile without bumer ) —* nothing in life be tree ... - ta get out -- I be pack nov . 1 doane i - that 's good . he hesitates , then turn to the door . hear he , she ' corn . again , they eye coot and hold . | tra rea . hele ( 45 Spanish ) Te 's be more than @ year . - - doane ( also in Spanish ) yes. iimmow ...- there be a pause . ' then , unable to help herself . helen go on , still in spenish . belen De you vent to kiss I goedby ? ( pat as deane hesitates , she cut in sharply , io English ) never mind ! goodby ... rye yaa & doane Goodbye , helen . - - 90 bigh noon be turn to she door egain . helen ( flathy ) doane =~ - ( ag he look at she ) if you be smart , you will get out yourselt . doare teca not . seay T do not think you vould . he go cut . helen stare after he . for a moment she heart and soul be in she eye , go efter hin . relen ( to herself , in Spanish ) De you vent to cise I goodby . . . 7 she grimace with self - contempt . then , herself again , she turn ani go to she bedrood . 120 . dmd , HOTEL lobby . Amy , back at the wimiow , end the clerk , bebind the desk , listen to deane 's footstep as be come down th cler take he vatch out , check {t with the clock , leok at rim , then turn end go to the door . as he pass she , Amy avert she heed . without break stride , doane go out . lal . wo , SALOON . milt Jordan approach the saloon and go inside . 122 . tr. SALOON . the mmm cf conversation and card stop as the oen recognize milt . unconcern , be gee to the ber , take out a silver dollar . bartender ( obsequicusly ) how be you , milt ? milt alright . give ae a bottle . atep . ag he reach the landing , he eye go to the clock . it be li:ll . deliberately , the apparently adjust it and then start to wim it . dosne ves bm ) i 4 4 y eh fp pl ies BA eb be iad 7 thes ae 's ‘ie =o es 123. High noon 91 bartender sure thing : he turus avay to get one . gillis have sidl up to the bar . gillis it 's be a long time , milt ! milt look at he dryly . gillis yes , sir ! .. . how 's guy ? the bartender return vith the bottle . milt he 's not complain . gillis ( jertally ) well , there will be a hot tine io the old town tonight , bey , milt ? milt look at he , then grin suddenly . Mar T would not be surprised . int . HOTEL lobby . Amy be still at the window , she face wirrore she inner struggle . then , give in , she turna and go to the desk . the clerk wait ccolly for she approach . amy ( try to cover she enbarrasnent ) May I ask you semething ? clere sure . amt who be miss ramirez ? clerk . ( enjoy himself ) mes. ramirez . . . . she use to be a 92 High noon 12k. ws . clerk ( Cone would . ) triem of you busbend 's '' while back . before that , she be a friend of guy Jordan 's . . . aur ( att balance ) tsee. .. . thank you ~ ( she start to go back to she place , stop ) you <= do not like ay husband , do yout clerk no. ae why ? clerk lota of reason . . . . one thing , this place ves elvay tusy vhen guy Jordan vas arouxi . I be not the . only one -- there 's plenty pecple arcund here think he 's get '' comatippance come . .. . you ask I , mar 'am , so I be tell you . be ( quietly ) you . she go back to the window thoughtfully . closeup -- clock in marshal' office . it reed 11:16 . camera par down to reveal the empty room ami the note still on doane 's desc . ' then doane enter , look around end realize that no one have come yet . he look up at the clock vorriedly . then , frown , he get the note , go back to the door , spike the note on a omil on the cutside of the deor and go out , close the door behind hia . - ext . STREET -- truck shot -~ doane -- as he come out and start down the street . he approach the saloon , hesitates , then go on . he change he uind , cross the street ami go to the saloon . as he reach the door and be about to go in , it hey rod py od WA ob 4 ye ia 159 = wh ' hg aul beg |! High noon 93 swing cut and milt Jordan emerge . both man be ' saken off balance for a instant , end then they = achieve control . ' they eye neld for a long moment . ae een milt 's lip curl in a confident grin . shift nis grip om bis quart of whiskey , he turn and oo deliberately valk away , whistling softly . doane i look after he , tight - lipped , then take a deep News breath , and push the door open . there be a burst — of laughter fron within . 126 - int . saiogh . doane 's entrance 1s unnotice at first 130 . except by that near the deer , gillis be in e suall group , he yack to the door . gillis ( lewdly ) i'll give you odd deane 's dead five minute after guy get ott the train : man that 's not mch time .. - i . exis ' that 's all guy'll need -~ because ~~ he become avare that everyone be lock past he to the entrance , turn ami see deane stand there . = the room have go silent . doane start over slowly ped toward gillis , bis face tight . he bas hed enough . when he reach gillis , he stop , thes swing from the bip . gillis go down to the floor . no one move rae ~ i as he lie there a moment , then sit up dazedly , wiping tm the blood from he lip . v gillis ae ( thickly ) you carry a badge and a gun , : marshal . you have no call to = é0 that . - doane slump , suddenly and obscurely ashamed . — doake you be right ... he start toward gillis to help he up amd two Men step oe 94 High noon out for the same purpose . but gillis shove the marshal 's rroffered hand cut of the way , and let himsel ? be gelp by the cther on he foot and to a table . ' the bartender pour a drink for he amd bring it to he . the customer t wait silently for deane to make bis move . deana look at they . at he table near the vindov , harvey be watch . doane 's eya meet harvey 's , then nove away . doane ( to all of then ) I guess you ell know why I and here . ioneed deputy . i'll 1 take ag many as I can get . he waita , there be no response . gillis - ( mddenly ) be not say I would have help before , but T sure be not now . - ie doane ( ignore he ) F of you be special deputy we troke this bunch . I need egein -- now ... ' the Men in the reow remiin silent . one or tvo see affect , but they lock at the cther , wait for a lead . doane veit , he heart sink . the clock tick loudly in the silence . doane look at it . some of the other Men follow he eye . it be 11:19 . anf doane . ( ttmally ) well ? 2 . . man at bar ' thing be different then , deane . you hed six steady deputy to start off vith ~ everyone a top gua . you be not get tut two new . second man you be not get two , harve pell here say he quit . why ? everyone turna to look at harvey . he stare they down . ! mod ft he 4 tba 4 fe ob not wl 's : pam gay 0 ] by fea by a | be af tt . — High noon 95 rr doane that 's between the two of we . first man and vhere 's Toby ? doane he 's on he way in . he will be here . second man that 's what you sey . you be ask &@ lot , deane , ell thing consider . . . he turn to look at a man alone at a table , and the other follow he glance . the man at the table look up . he be bleary - eye , a obvious alcoholic , and he have a livid whipelash scar across one eye and across bis face . doane alright , have all know vhat Jordan 's like . that 's why I be here . . . . how L about it ? gillis £ ( suddenly ) Le you must be crazy , come in here to raise a posse . guy 's road get friend in this room <- you ought to kmaw that : bae of deane ignere he , wait . the room be silent . the : ' will Men who have seem to be dispose to join he se sbrink back among the cther . deane realize there a ds nothing bere . the Men watch he go in silence . es 132. 00 , SALOON . the tvo Indians have be listen from the outside decor . they give vay for doane . he cone — _ out , lock across the street toward he office . = 132 . exd . marshal' office -- from doane 's point of view , there be no horse at the rail , and doane 's note = san be see flutter on the door . nowe 133 . eo ? SALOON . doane turn and start down the street , = move out of scene . the Indians watch bim go . the Young indian turn to the older indian and look at he inquiringly . the older man shrug . to + 94 High noon l3he 136 . 139 . ibd . wh. tnt . church . [ it be well - fill , and the choir -— compose . of six Men and six woman -- be sing a hymm . Sam come in umebtrusively and unnotice and search che room with nis eye . finally he see the man he be lock for , weaver the storekeeper , sing in the choir . they eye meet , and weaver geta the almost imperceptible signal Sam seris he vith he lifted eyebrow . weaver frown with emmoyance emi vorry , wut when the hymn end and while the rest cf the choir be find its seat again , he lean over to he pompous wite , whisper to she , end slip cut through the rear door . she , too , be puzzle and amoy , but she cover bis exit by drop ant retrieve she bymal . with he usual impassivity , jam turn and ' get out as quietly as he come . ex . mart howe's house , it be '' small house , rather shabvy in appearance , as if its owner be unwilling or unable to keep its peint and trim end flower teis in order , or perhaps just do not care . doane enter the scene and welt to the door , sweat freely under the glare of the high sun . he knock ami vait . the decor be open ty a stout indian woman well past aiddle ege . he recognize doane vordlessly , end let he in . Dr. , mart eowe's house , this main room of the house , which serve as both live end dining room , be fairly clean amd vell keep , wot like the exterior it be barren , unlove . ' will large , old - feshion gun bang on the vall beneath e badge mount on '' leather base . Mart howe be sit in the one comfortable chair in the roca , stare at the floor . the indian woman go to the chair at the eat table end resume viat she ves do vefore doane 's interruption -~ roll cigarettes oy band and mouth end add they to the small pile already co the table . doane go toward howe and stop , lock down at he . howe finally lock up et bin , bia face vooten , he eye hopeless . doane I send '' kid to find you . do not he come ? bowe ( neavily ) he be here ... doane stare down at he unbelisvingly , surm away helplessly , then to bim again . os + th = mte = =' = = a ea cee eon lb 3 e ts wis ! High noon 97 doare ( find word ) you be ay friend all my life . you get I this job ! you make then send for mm . 's + '' rowe 's bent frame drcop , but he recain silent . doare prom the time I ves a kid T want to be like you ... - Mart , you be a lew can you whole life -- .. bowe ( bitterly ) yeah ... yesh , ay woole life . a great life . you risk you skin catch killer and the jury let they go so they can ~ come back and shoot at you again . the you be honest , you be pocr you whole lite , ant in the ext the indien woman pick up the handful of cigaratte she hes cada , come over ani put they on the small table chair , take sone vocden satches cut of a of she apron end put then down alongside , then and shuffles cut of the roca . with digficulty , cigarette in he gnery finger end mateh to it . deane look at bin . 3 'a b °t 6 S '' doane listen ! ' the judge leave town . harvey 's quit . I be have trouble get deputy .. bowe tt figure ... - it 's ald happen too sudden . people have to talk thenselves into lav and order before they do anything about it ... . they do not care . they really do not care . i a I 98 High noon the room go silent . ' the two man look at each other . all barrier ere down now . it ia a time for complete honesty , for they vill never again be this close to each other , this intimate . doane , weat should I de , Mart ? howe iwas hope you would not come back . doare tou meew why I come back . howe bat not to commit suicide . doane : scmetime prison change a man ... howe not he ... . ( despairingly ) tt 's all plan , that 's why they be all here . . . . get out , will : get cut ! ... deane turn away ; vrestle 1t out with himeel 's . howe watch he for a moment , then avert ais eye . finally doane drav a deep , almost shudder breath , and sheke he heed , howe understand that doene have fight back , doane will , you go dewn to that station vith I ? rowe ( aulty ) ( nis cigarette drop to the floor , and after enly a momentary hesita - tion he rub it cut under he shee ) you know how I feel about you , but GE be 3 ia beg by i ] ba aa 8 ee ing High noon rr nowe ( cont would . ) I will not go with you . = ( he look at ais i twisted finger ) -~ for ov seen like '' want that elresdy bad . bust knuckle do not need be tharitia , too , do not 1 ? ( he shrug hopelessly ) wo. se T could ant do anything for you . you would be vwerry about se I . you would get yourself will ' about I . it 's too ( = one - sided the way it be . + : can '' doan ' a ( tdred ) be so long , mart. + - a ie bowe ie se Long . deane turn and go out . ' . bowe - 7 ( nopelessly ) * it 's for nothing , fill . to 's all im 's for nothing .- - bert doane 's footstep continue to fade in the distance . howe lcok at the clock . it be 13:26 . 15 + exd . howh' house . deane 1s valking steadily away from pd u7 . the house . vore ( 0.8 . ) deane -- ° doane stop , turn . the scar drunk from the salocn hurry inte the scene emi to the marshal . dcane wait , surprise struggle with bis impatience . doane what 's the matter , jimny ? es the drunk be sweaty and breathless , tut he carry pimssl ? with the deceptive steadiness of the confirm alcoholic . + ait c '' ee eet the ee pe arene een tcc they 100 High noon crone nothing . . . . I be look for you ... . dvant a gum . I want the be with you when that train come in ... doane stare at he . doane can you handle a gun ? drone sure ican . I use to be good . doane but why ? ' the drunk be all too conscious cf doane 's eye search hia face , see the patch . his own finger go up to it . teomk be tt be not just get even , no ) ... it 's a chance , see ? it 's what I need . . . . please , doane ... let I get inom this . .. 1 in bis urgescy he bes reach cut and clutch dcane 's arn . deane look down at the hand grip bis forearn , yae the drunk 's finger and arm tremble . ' the drunk follow doane 's eye . he pull he hand eway ani try desperately to stop the tremble . sut he finger comtinue to quiver until , in en agony of helplesmass , he cover they with he other hand . ' then he eye neet doatia 's again , bleak , shame and hopeless but with '' last tiny spark of plead . doare ( gently ) alvight , Jim ... i'll call you if tneed you . ... ( he reach in he pocket tor a silver doller ) get yourself a drink , meanwhile -- ee force the coin into the drunk 's hand , try to bring sincerity into he smile , end turn and go . & ea er cr ee ey baa ica west ( ; High noon 101 '' ie / | : ( anlty ) I . thanks - + - wil. '' . = yh8 , close hock shot ~~ doane 2 as be continue ivay , bis face + they still set in the expty , meaningless euile . ' then nis lip 1 a tighten with helpless anger . '' hs. oor . 180 - im. helen' front room . she be stand in the acorway 151 . to she bedroea ss Sam come in and elose the docr vehicd hia . helen where be he ? SAM coaing , of eee nasal '' os not allow bisself the ghost of '' satle ) at 's a careful man + - the soul of approach footstep in the pall , and Sam nod . Ze turn and open the door , catch awewartly , the storekeeper come in , and sem close the door efter bin . mrenghout the scene the posiness man be qoite respectful coward helen . anything wrong , Mrs. ramirez ? hed ie. weaver then why 44a you secd for se ? ow tome leave town . T go to sell ay half of the store . you want = to buy I out ? 4 a 102 High noon weaver ( cover bis surprise ) flow mich do you want ? elen ‘( will thousand . 1 think that 's fair . weaver on , it 's fair alright , Mrs. remire . but I could not praise that much right sow . weaver about '' thousand . - - elen alright . you can pay Sam , here , the rest in six month , and the will get it to I . a deal ? weaver ( pleased ) well , td like to thenk you , Mrs. ramirez -- for everything . eee I mean , when you first call ce in end pot the deal to I <- about stake I in the store and be 2 the silent partner '' = ay wife thougot -- . ( not realize be be co dangerous well , what I really see be , you have be real decent to se right along - and T vant you to know I have bean honest vith you . wele I mow you have . goodby , Mr. weaver . eo ) WD incl ge keh toe hi i ge ny at e cornet iad aeu we on bie ay eg rarr pf y a my gy a em fey a 182. 153 - 157 . High noon weaver goodby . - - he turn to the doar , stop and turn back to she . ' weaver ( meaningly ) and good luck to you ... - helen nod . weaver end Sam go out . mo . lowg shot -- ext . fuller house . deane be walk steadily toward the house , @ larger , uore -impose , better ~ care - for place than Mart howe 's . it have deen paint recently , enti the picket fence and flower bed be in good order . doane near the house . dep . front room -- fuller house . Sam puller be peer out through the window . foller ( agitate ) milare '' = | mild ! . . - me . poller hurry into the roca . a simple voman , she jnow the reason for he agitation , but she to vewllder , ' pouble . foller ( leave the vindow ) he 's come . - - . T koew he would ... yow you do like I tell you ! I 'a not hone «+ do not let bin in : no matter what he say , I be not home ! . . - mrs . fuller sem , he 's you friend -- fuller do not argue with I : he will be here in a second : mrs . fuller be will not believe I . he will know I be lie -- fuller you do like I tell you -- | 103 ' a ce i mame a cee ener ence meen cr 104 High noon deane 's footstep can be hear on the porch epproach the door . ' then he knock . fuller point '' tense ° ager at he vite , then tiptoe to the bedroom and close the door behind he . doane mock again . frightened , wretch , mes. puller go to the door end open it ebcut balivay . mes . fuller ( with tremendous effort ) om ... hello , wl ... surprise at first by she manner and the unmistakable lack of welcome in the partly open door , doane quickly see ami understand she tension . doane hello , Mrs. puller . Sam in ? mrs fuller no ... . no , he be not ... deane stare at she , convinced she be lie . doane ( quietly ) do you kuow vhere he be , Mrs. _ poller ? it 's important to I that I find bin . mrs . toller ( 42 agony ) I think he 's in chureh , will — he 's go to church -~ ' doare without yout mrs . puller I be go in a little while -- as scan as I dress -- por a moment anger surge up in doane , ami then he check it . . doame ( gently ) thanks , Mrs. fuller ... . goodby .. - he turn and let she shut the door after he . z = 4 hor eva my ba he ye fy ry ae i fei pe " i et ae ea . | ce the cry nag 1s8. 159 . 11 . 162. High noon 105 uxt . fuller souse -~ as doane step down the porch step , stop a moment to stare up at the merciless sun . he wipe hia face wearily , then continue down the step and along the walk , bis face grin . dwt . front room -- fuller eouse , Mrs. puller have creep to # chair , where she slump uisersbly . fuller be at the window , watch deane go . he turn finally , ami look at she stricken face . ~ foller ( ahame -ridden ) well , vhat do you want ? you want I to get kill ? you want to be '' widow ? be that vhat you want ? mea . poller raise ber eye to he . she be tear , bewilder , niserable . mrs . foller no , Sam . ... Ho ... exp , railroad station -~ close shot -- milt -~ as he drink from the vhiskey bottle . there be the 0.s. misic of colby 's harmonica , as he play '' slue - tail fly . " camera poll back to incioude pierce and colby . milt vipe he lip and then deliberately offer the bottle to pierce , and grin as the latter look at he darkly . milt extend the bottle to colby , who take it and drink . pierce turn and look down the track . ext . railroad track , the perallel line of the track cerge in the hazy distance . group shot . pierce frow to himself , take out he watch , and lock at the time . colby finish he drink , hand the bottle beck to milt , then resume bis play . pierce get up and go over to the vindow in the b.g. the Station ~ master come up to it . pierce anything on the train ? . staticnmaster it 's on time , far as I know ... . ( as pierce turn avey ) if it do not stop , there 's no gore ce ee et ete ee be a a rr 106 163. 165 - lt5 . High noon stationmaster ( cont would . ) southbound till tomorrow -- pierce lock et he coldly , then turn and come back to the group , sita down and start to roll a cigarette . milt whistle softly to colby 's play . quiex dissolve to : ext. prairie -~ mo . long shot -- on Toby and Peterson as they horse gallop along the faint trail . ' Toby keev bis horse steadily at Peterson 's flank . mo . truck shot -- on Toby and Peterson . Peterson 's hand ave still free . Toby aove up alongside Peterson end point o.s . they change direction and ride cut cf scene . ext . waterhole . Toby and Peterson appear in the b.g. , and ride down to the waterkole . they be both tired , hot , dusty . they dismount near the hole and lead they horse to the water . ' the horse drink greedily . Peterson look over at Toby thoughtfully , then around he , see a stone near he foot . sehind the cover of he horse , he bend quietly ani pick it up . when Toby draw he herse frou the water , then go upstream a little way , Peterson followe suit , hide the stone behind he back . Toby bend down and start to drink . Peterson tense and start to swing the stone down on Toby 's bead . almost in time , but not quite , Toby see bis reflection in the water , end try to dodge . feterson 's fist ami stone come down im a glance blow on Toby 's head ami Toby go face forward inte the water . feterson go in after hin . Toby manage to get to he foot before Peterson can vrestle he down into the water , and the two man begin swinging at each cther . the horse rear ani retreat from the ' waterhole . Toby ami Peterson fight fiercely and soundlessly , except for they penting ani choke breath . when they be on they foot they be vaist -deep , out sore often than not both man be cut of sight in the roiling end thresh water . finally , feterscn manage to mock Toby down , amd he ts on top of he in a instant , hit bim and ducking hin umtil teby gee limp end sink under water . Peterson let he go amd scramble breathlessly cut amd to he horse . Toby come to , ami with trememious effort take cut after he . Peterson have trouble get he frighten horse to stand still encugh to mount , ami Toby catch he from behind and drag he down . they roll over and over into a rocky growth and '' right hand from Toby send Peterson 's '' | ik weid if 4 — E CO tal | a 3 lf 1 4 High noon 107 head back against a rock . he be hurt . Toby continue to - pang Peterson 's bead against the stone umtil he cave in . er Joby roll off and lie there , try to recapture he breath t amd strength . finally , be be able to get up . he pull mal Peterson to he foot , turn he around , and kick he toward the waterhola . Peterson stagger forward end fall . Toby a pick he up egain and kick he all the vay to the hole , we where Peterson finally fall face down at the edge of the hole . ' Toby look down at the waterhole . the water be on muddy and thick with silt . tost : - ( glaring et Peterson ) : yow see vhat you vent and do : I that water will not be fit to drink for hour o~ ~ be ze disgust , he whistle for bis horse . t La quick dissolve to : 176 . ' dad , HOTEL lobby . ' the front door bang open , and harvey stride in , liquor -flush . again Amy have look up hope - fully . she recognize harvey , ' out he be too full of he errant to see she . ignoring the clerk as well , he go of across the lobby ami up the stair . im , ae ( artiy ) be there 's enother one of Mrs. bs ramizet 's frienis .. . = amy = ( puzzle ) on? 2. ir grin ) yep ... . I would say she 's get some explain to do when that train get in . .- Amy look at he with increase dislike , tut she be very tuoughtful as she turn avey . ltt - tre , helen' front room . she be pot the final touch 82 . to ber pack as '' knock sound on the door . 108 High noon helen come in , Sam =~ the door open emi sarvey enter . he ig stunne vhen be seas the soitcase . then helen look up and see he , she brace herself for the unpleasantness to come , sarved you leave town -- 2 helen look at bim , but dee not pether to answer . ' she fasten the last buckle . barvet woere you go ? helen T do not know yet . she move past he , check the room for thing she cay nave forget to pack . feffle and frustrated by she nammer , harvey follov she . harvey that do not make much sense . helen shrug . hele ( honestly ) to ... os harvey sure you be , would not tac ths ad al fi wid ty sd . id 6 cay ad hy vaal ' 4 4 hee tbh | High noon 109 eelen ( matter -of - fact ) I believe you . .: she go to the window now and look out . harvey stare sullenly at she insolent beck , he rage mount . harvey then why ere you go ? ( es helen shrug ) be you cut cut with deane ? helen turn end look at bin . she smile with veary contempt . elen oh , hervey . - + harvey then why be you go ? helen what difference do it make ? harvey ( furiously ) = it 's deane , it 's doane ! 7 know , it 's doane : helen it be not deane : ( she stop , then go on ) bot I be go to tell you some ~ thing about you and you friend = doane . you be a nice look boy . yer . you have big wide shoulder . bat ~o he 's acan ... . it take sore than big wide shoulder to make «# man , harvey . and you have get @ leng way to go . - - . you mow something ? I do not think you will ever make it . . - she turn away from bin . explode , harvey come after she , grab she and turn she to he . helen be passive in bis emma . 0 High noon 183. 18s , 185 - 19s . harvey ( causketly ) sow I will tell you somathing . you be ust go anywhere -- you be stay here vith I -- it 's go to be just like before -- Ze kiss ber brutally . helen remain completely and coolly unresponsive , unresist , untouched . jarvey let she go uncercainly . belen ( quietly ) you want to know why I be get oat ? then listen . . . . deane vill the a dead man in half en hour , and nobedy be go the do anything about it . De not ask ae how I know . tt cow . ami when he die , this town die , toc . it smell dead to I already . and I and a widow . I and all alone in the world . I bave to make @ live . so -- I be go . asonewhere else , that 's all ... ( she study he a moment , then gee on seftly ) awd as for you — I do not like - anybody to put they band on ae unless I wact then to ... . andi I - do not want you to . . . apymore = stung , harvey reach for she . she slap he sharply , viciously . mo . long shot -= ext . church . deane can be see climb the bill toward the church . the distant strain of '' momll organ can be hear . mo , shot -- ext . church -- as doane walk through the ehurchyard to the church . ' the organ music within come to a stop . deane cpen the dcor . twt . church . the Minister be beginning he sermon . minister we text today be from malachi , chapter four ... = im no fa a ey fey rarr bal 1a fan a ee fd - 74 . bigh noon 111 : doane enter and stand near the doorway . minister ( read from the bible ) + '' '' por , behold , the day cometh , that shell burn as a oven ; and all the proud , yea , and ell that do wickedly shall be as -- he bas look up , seem doane , ami stop . the congregation , see he stare , turn toward the entrance . there be a 1 see rustle , a shuffle , a whisper , and then silence . 's some cos of the people seem aware of doane 's mission , other be * ' we porzle . jo Henderson seem honestly surprised to see doane . | minister to ( the deane , frown ) ez tes ? . ' _— doane ( awkwardly ) I be sorry , parson . I do not vant to disturb the servicas -- ( izritate ) you already have ... ( new be give avay the . peal cause of he anger ) you do not come to this church very often , marshal . and when you get marty today , you do not see fit to be marry bere . what could be so important to bring you here now ? doase I need help . 4 nm fo he stride up front to the pulpit . = doare a ( to Minister ) ' it 's true I have not be '' church - = go man , end that 's meybe a bad = thing . and I vae not merried here today because my wife 's ... — ( he suddenly remember a Amy with a pang of pain ) | 112 High noon doane ( cont would . ) my wife 's @ quaker . . . . but I have come here for help because there be people hera . . . ' the Minister , a good mun who already regret he display of temper , haa be stare at bin with grow shame . moyister I be sorvy , marshal . say what you have to say . deane turn to the people . doare maybe soma of you alraady know . ty you do not , it look like guy Jordan 's come back on the nocn train . I need as many special deputy as I can get . there be a momentary pause , as that to whom this be news _ take it in . the Minister be shocked . je bhae not know . ~ then a man ( scott ) in a rear pew rise . sort what ere have wait for ? let 's gor ee . be start toward the aisle and to doane . there seem to be @ fairly general ucvement to follow he . ' then another man ( cooper ) near the rear of church , rise and yell through the jumble of voice . cooper held it ! hold it a mingte ! ... the crowd be hold . i they turn to he . : cooper ' that 's right —- bold it ! before we go rush out into some - thing thet be not go to the sc pleasant -~ let 's be sure we know what ithia ts all about ... the room be silent . some of the Men sit down . doane {s watch Cooper , frown . & kathy : it} ba a4 ba we ry aq a y for wa 196 . 1gt. 158 - 208. a '' 4 High noon 113 cooper what I vant to know be this -- be not it true that doane be not the marshal anymore ? and be not it true that there 's personal trouble between he and Jordan ? Men jump to they foot . there be ea jumble of cutcry , some in protest , some in agreement . but Cooper 's charge have hed its effect . jo Henderson hurry up front and come beside doane . eenderson ( over the crowd ) alright , alright : . . . quiet , everybody -- | Henderson command the crewl 's attention . the noise subside . eendersco if there 's differance of opinicn , let everybody have he say . . . . but let 's get all the kid out of the duilding ... Men on they foot find seat . Parents push they child toward the aisle . one Boy shout twelve , highly intrigue , try to hang back . Zia Father jerk he to he foot end help he elong with a slep cn the bebind . ' there be a movement of child to the dcor . Henderson put he bend on deane 's erm , ami doane look at he gratefully . ext . railroad station . pierce be pace tensely . milt be soravle lazily . colby be play he harmonica . pierce stare cut into the distance . ext . track . ' they streteh out emptily . tnt . church , Scott be speak . scorr ( angrily ) I say it do not matter if there be anything personal betveen Jordan and the marshal here . we all iow who Jordan be and — se = '' lid High noon scott ( cont would . ) what he be ! what 's . more , have be waste time ! ... . doane , Henderson and the parson be listen and watch ) intently . from outside , there be the SOUND of child 's = | voice , sing . hand shoot up as Scott finish . nel ' Henderson recognize another man. a ' henderson = if alright , coy -- = i cor = ( rise ) = yeah , we all know vho Jordan be , to but have put he sway once . who . save he frou hang ? the S - politician up north . this be = they mess -~ let thea take care : of it ... m ( he sit . there be core banis . henlerson recognize another man. henderson savyer << mne ' sawyer = ( rise ) - what I get to say be this -- have have = be pay good aoney right along a for a marshal and deputy . but the first time there 's trouble , have = ' get to take care of it ourselves ! = what we be pay for all this time ? I say we be not peace officer = here ! this be not we job ... - HH eI there be cry of assent and disagreement . a man ( lewis ) ~ jump to he foot . oe ( over noise ) = I be say right along we cught to have wear deputy ! if we do , we would not be face this now ! ... lang d -' rarr 4 '' orm er ete il a ft can rt ar , 1 High noon 115 eenderson ( loudly ) just a minute now <= let 's keep it orderly : everybedy , quiet down ! . . . ( as they do ) you head you hand up , ezra ... the Men name ezre get up , quivering with indignation . ezra toca not believe I have hear some of the thing that have be say here . tou all ought to be eshame of you ~ selve . sure , we pay this man , and he be the best marshal this town ever hed . and it ei not bis trouble , it 's cur . I tell you if we do not do what 's right , we be go to have plenty more trouble . so there be not but ome thing to do now , and you all know what that be : another man shoot he hand into the air . Henderson nod to hin . henderson go ahead , kibbee — sire , ( svupidly ) be a lot of talk about vhat we duty be ... . well , this be Sunday , and I do not hold with no kill on the sabbath ... he sit down , highly satisfied with himself . doane stare at he in amazement . hendersen hide a wry smile . ext , church . some of the older child be try to peer in through a vindow . the rest be play '' game bring out from kentucky ani tamnessee by the carly pioneer . ' they have form a circle , and band in hand they ere pass under a bridge form by the raise earn of tvo taller child , e Boy and a husky , rawbone qicl . they be the captain . as the circle revolve , they sing this vorda : - 116 High noon " the needle 's eye that do supply the thread that run sco true , many '' beau [ I have let go because I vent you . many a dark and stormy night when I go home with you , I stump ay toe and down I go because I vant you ... .' the captain let they arn drop arcumd one of the boy in the circle , stop it . they take he away from the circle . boy caplain what you go . to be , injun or white man ? little sor teajmm ... they return to the other . ' the Boy and girl form the bridge again , the Little Boy stand bebind the taller Boy . the child im the circle form hamis egain aod resume the game . omt , church , a man ( trumbull ) ts on bis foot , talk . trumull '' '' '' ted whole thing 's be handle wrong . here 's that three killer walk the street tell es brass . Way do not you arrest thes , marshal ? why be not they behind bar ? then we would only have Jordan to worry ebout , insteed of the four cf them ) .. . doane ( simply ) it do not have sothing to arrest ‘em for , Mr. trumbull . .. . they have not deue anything . there 's no law egeinst they sit on a bench at the depot . . . _a woean ( mrs , simpson ) jump to she foot . mrs . simpson ( excited ) : I can not listen the any more of this ! '' what 's the matter vith you people ? a = v~ + be can be ft iy = =i = eI wee by High noon 7 mes . simpson ( cont would . ) De not you remember when '' decent woman could not walk down the street in broad daylight ? do not you ree . member when this be not '' fit place to tring up a child ? how can you ait here end talk -- and talk and tabs like this ? another woman , ( mrs . fletcher ) older , rise . mrs . fletcher that 's easy for you to say , Mrs. Simpson -- you husband 's a bun - dre aile away . .. . still , I be not say you be wrong . only , that fellow be mighty bad . we need the strongest man have have get == young man -- a very Young woman , sit beside she Young husband , '' : burst cut . - young woman sare , let the young man do it : it 's always the young cen vho es have to do it , have the go out 's and do the kill and get kill before they do any live : why do not the old man do it for ence ? they be king of valk when thing be go ! . . . there be a cutburst cf scund . a Men leap to he foot . mat ( over ) what be we all get excited about ? how do we know Jordan 's om that train , anyway ? al we ( quietly ) T think we can be pretty sure he 'son it . ... ( he take out he watch , lock at tt ) 'a a q 4 hbo 118 High noon henderson ( cont would . ) time 's get short . ( he tarn to the Minister ) parson , you get anything to say ? a '' mle ( slowly ) ido not mow . . . . the commandment aay : thou shalt sot kill . . . . sut = have hire man todo it forus . ... S the right and the wrong seem pretty ~ clear here , but if you be ask se ~ to tell ay pecple the go out and kill 7a ] amd maybe get themselves kill -- a T 'a serry -- I do not mow vhas to say ... I be sorry ... eis the room be quiet . finally exra raise bis heed . ( to Henderson ) ad wheat do you say , jonas ? '' henderson alright , I aay this <= what this town owe will deane here , you could never pay he with money , amt do not ever forget it . yes , he be the best marshal have ever bad , maybe the best we will aver ew rny have . deane listen gratefully . 4 eenderson ( continue ) Zz remember what this tawn be like before will come here ? do have vant it to be like that again ? of course have do not ! so Jordan 's come back be cur problem , net he . aq by ' the Men and woman listen intently . 3 eenderscn ( continue ) z it 's we problem because it 's we 33 town . we build it with we om ko High noon 119 henderson ( cont would . ) hand , from nothing . ... and if we want to keep it decent , keep it grow , then have get to think mighty clear here today -- and we get to have the courage to do the right thing , no astter how herd it be ... . alright . there 's go to be @ fight when deane and Jordan meet , and somebody 's go to get hurt , that 's for sure . . . . now , there 's people up north who have be think about this town , aod think uighty hard . ' they have be think sbout send money down here -- to put up store , baild factory ... . it would mean a let to this town , a awful lot . bat when they read about shoot and kill in the street , vhat be they go to think then ? i'1l tell you . they will think this be just another vide open town , that 's what . amd everything have work for be go to be wipe cut ip one day . this town be go to be set back five say we can not lat that mer '' i to '' 1 pe ema RA he have not . because if he 's not here . when Jordan come in , ay hunch be there will not be any trouble , not one bit . tomerrew have will have '' new marshal , and if have all agree here to offer we service to he , I think we can handle anything that come along . to I , that make sense . to we , that 's the only way owt of this ... F almost without exception , the people be persuade . henderson ( cumming to will ) i will , I think you ought to go while _ there 's still time . it 's batter 120 High noon 229 . 230 . 231 - 233. henderson ( cont would . ) for you ~~ amd better for we ... deane { 3 stare at bim , stunne . then he look out at the silent people , read the answer in they eye , in they avert cr guard face . he turn from semierson and walk out of the church . . =ex ?. church . the game have reach its climax as doane emarge from the church . ' there ere now two row of child , each with they arm aroumd the child iz front . with the tvo captain in the middle , e tug of war be go on . doane stare at the scream child for e moment , then go wearily on , out of scene . ' the girl - Captain 's team pull the cther line of child over until it break . the gama end in e melee of treathless laughter end shouting . ext , railroad station . Jordan and colby be remove they spur . pierce look at he watch , then follow suit . closhup <= salcon clock . the time be 11:kk . camera pan down to gillis ami two Men at the bar , lock up at the clock . giitis ( finally ) well , I get no use fer he , but t'll say this - he 's get gut ... the other Men nod they agreement . hervey be alone at a table near the window with a bottle amd glass . drink have ovviously not cool he seethe rage . sow , he hear what gillis have say , ani react to it with a mixture of enger and shame , he drink . of the ivo Men beside gillis , we remember one of they as seem sympathetic to doane im ses , 126-130 . he now pick up the conversation . simpateetic man ( dryly ) that 's mighty broadminy , Joe ... gillis look at he dowbtfully , tut the sympathetic man 's face be blandly iumccent . gillis 's look slide away fren _ aim and focus on harvey . he go toward harvey 's table . gillis now you , harve -~ I alwey figure you for gut , but I never give you oy y nf '' at het 1 ty fay I bey ' hy fof rl ba 23h , 235 - 237 . High noon 12 ] gillis ( cont would . ) credit Zor braing ... till now ... harvey do not mow how to take this . be gillis accuse he of cowardice ? earvet what do that mean ? gillis ( sit ) nothing ... only it take e - smart man to know when to back away ... . barvey I can not pick my company vhen drink in here , I be not come ere anymore . the gillis ( lose he smile ) owmy ss . he get up with bad grace ent go angrily back to the bar . harvey vatch he go . once beck among he friend , hov~ ever , gillis ' eplomb return . he whisper something to a man at the bar , and the man smile quietly . seethe , harvey look at the other occupant at the bar and see only blank face , wise face , shrewd eye , unspoken amise ~ ment or contempt . but co one say anything . furious , harvey turn awey and pour himself a drink with finger tremble vith rage . then , as he drink , bis glance move the the window , and be see something far down the street . long shot -- doane -- from harvey 's point of view . his figure be tiny but recognizable as he walk slowly up the quiet street . int . salcon . harvey , in the foreground , react with blind rage to the sight cf deane . past bim , the swinging decor open , and the drunk come in ami go directly to the bar . drome ( to bartender ) it want ea bottle . the bartender and that nearby stare at he . 236 . 239 . au . ake , 2k3. L2 High noon deo igot the mney ... he open he hand emi let the silver dollar doane have give he fall on the tar . surprise , the bartender get '' tottle and shove it toward he , he take it and valk out . gillis well , dlbbe ... harvey , stare through the window , {3 unaware of the incident . he continue to vatch doane . exd . STREET -- mo . full shot . doane be continue up the street . a man go in the opposite direction see hin , hesitates , then cross the street to avoid meeting bin , as the man come into closer camera view , he face reveal bis mixture of shame and relier . mo . thock shot ~~ doane -- es he contim up the street , pest the tyo cldster , whom he pass in antual silence , end then past the General store . the window , altho deane do not pause to lock inside . weaver acd Sam can be see at the safe in the rear . doane contime the the end of the block . almost without think , be stop there , stare almost blankly up the quiet street . mo . close shot -- doane . he become conscious of the eweat roll down he forehead , and wipe he face with bis handkerchier . then , walk very slowly , be turn the corner , the camera thucking with hin . ont . salcon . harvey have be watch doane through the viniow . now , he get up suddenly , he face tight with decision , and go cut of the saloon . ext . livery stable . doane approach the entrance to the stable . it be close . a crude sign on the decor read " gone to church . '' deane go around toward the rear of the stable . be bed bull = i: way es ect i ] ui = obey & pr pail arq '' rd ar to a ee a i it 8 ee ee ose i i be to +. yn '' akg 255 . High noon 123 tmt. staelz . a half - dozen horse be stand quietly in they stall as doane enter the stable . de stand there & woment , accustom he eye to the cool , quiet semi - ~ twilight after the harshness of the sunlight . ' then , slowly , be go cver to one of the stall ami look at the horse in it . it be a strong , fast animal , and the camera follows doane 's eye as they roam over the sleek body amd powerful leg . this horse could make a race of it across the plain . harvey' voice ( .s. ) put a seddle on ois , doane ... surprise , deane turm quickly , see that harvey bas come int the stable behind he . harvey come toward he , he old confidence surging back {ato hin . earvey go on , saddle he . he will goa long way before he tire , . . . that 's whet you be think , be not be ? doane kind of ... harvey study bis face with almost greedy curiosity . harvey you scared ? doare I guess so . earvey ( triumphantly ) timew it . it stem to reason ... . ( rush past he ) coma on , Ill help you -- he see a saddle hang nearby , take it down and go the put it on the horse . harvest {almest feverishly ) you have waste '' lot of time , but you still get a start . milt and the other have be do a lot cf drink . it might slow them up ... 124 High noon doane have be watch harvey as he throw the saddle on the horse , he shrug vearily . doane ( smile wryly ) seem like all everybody end he wrother want {3 to get se cut of town . harvey well , nobedy want to see you get kill . tiredly , doane turt end start out of the stable . barvay hear he , amd turn quickly . harve : hold it -- vhere you go ? doane ( aully ) . tdo not imow . back to the office , I guess . barvey oh , no : you be get on that horse amd you be get cut ! doane turn sway from he . harvey grabe he arm and turn bim back to face himself . earvey at 's the matter vith you ? you ready to do it yourself -- say so : doane teck , harve , I think about it because I vas tired . you think about a lot of thing vhen you be tired -- when people cross the street so they vo not have to look at you face ... . amd with everytody call se I ought the get out , for a aimite there I begin to vonder if shey vere not right ... . mitt ea not do it ... age x rie a 4 hv run brt the thea i = High noon 125 harvey ( almost frantic ) 2 doane ( honestly ) ido not tnow ... harvey get on that horse , will , doane why 's it so important to you ? you do not care if I live or die . earvey come on << he start to shove doane toward the horse . doane stand he ground . doane | do not shove I , herve . I be tired cee eof be shove . . . . I do not mow what I be go to do , but vhatever ' it ts it 's go to be ay vay . —_ harvey ( frantic cov ) ia you be gatting out of town if I to have to beat you brain out and tie you to that horse ! doane jerk loose from he and start out . sarvey swing at he and connect to the back and side of he jaw , ani doane go face down to the stable floer . harvey hurry = to he , grab he and start to drag he toward the horse . a he have start to lift deane on the horse when doane come to . he jerk cut of harvey 's grasp . disappointed , harvey ~ launch himself at he . doane set himsel ? as quickly as a be can , but harvey 's momentum let he gat the first blow ad in , bard dlow that semi doene reeling . then doane fight ~ back . they punish each other mercilessly , nothing tar . Le the horse , become nervous , rear and whinny in they ee stall . doace go dovn again , then harvey , they roll ami tumble under the rear hoof ef the horse . once , = doane be knock down under a horse , and narrowly escape fad 128 High noon 256 . 257 . 258. 259 — be trample . as the fight reach a climax , the horse go completaly vild . then , finally , doane connect with a series cf crush blow , end harvey go down and cut . deane stand over he , panting and daze . then , almost staggering , he go to a bag of feed , slump exhaustedly down on it , and sit there , bis breach whistling through he truise lip . int , HOTEL lobby . Amy be stare up at the clock . ' the time be ten to twelve . behind bis desk , the clerk be whistling softly as he go about kis work . Amy come the a decision . she rise ani go to the desk . amy ( quietly ) Excuse the -- ( then , as the clerk lock at she ) what ia mes. ramirez 's room number ? the clerk look at she , then '' glitter of amsement cone amt ( maintain she poise ) thank you . she turn from he ami go to the stair . tot , HOTEL stairway <= on Amy as she count the stair . tt , halgway -- on Amy as she reach the second floor and leok about uncertainly . then she move doubtfully down the ball in the direction af helen 's room , and see the mumber cn helen 's doar . she pull herself together ani knock . um . helen' front room , helen and Sam be face each other across the table , on which lie a small stack of money . they react to Amy 's knock . helen come in + = = = gH = a a a ae i + 54 eed el '' i ee eh bea bt sy tos a aa Bay ry a ba High noon 127 the door open , and Amy stand in the doorvay . helen and Sam stare at she in surprise , and Amy remain roote there , comfuse by Sam 's presence and she first sight of helen . helen recover first . helen yea ~~ 7 amt mes. ramirez ? ( as helen nod ) I be Mrs. domne ... seley T meew . Amy May I come in ? helen Te you like ... Sam take hig cue and gee cut silently as Amy come into the room . New that she have come this far , she be confuse ami uncertain again . the tvo vomen take each other in for a long mowent . finally , helen break the strain silence . helen sit down , Mrs. doane ... amy no , thank ym ... heley ( sharply ) weat do you want ? Amy reelize that helen have misunderstand she refusal , - aur fleawe . . . it 's just that I be afraid if T sit down I would not be able to get up again . elen why ? amy tt be not easy for I to come here ... = ee 128 High noca heley ( unrelent ) Way ? . amy '' ( meeting the issue ) leek , Mrs. ramirez . . . will and ft be tarvie a hour ago -- have 1 be all pack and ready to . leave . . . . then this thing happen , a and he would not go . I do every - thing -- I plasd . I threaten ' he — ~ I could not reack kim . helen have be listen intently , watch Amy 's face . and sow ? ae ' ( quietly ) that ann downstairs — the clerk -- he say thing about you andi will ... . I have be try to understand why he would not go away with not . now 1 all , I can think of {3 that it 's get to be because of you . sele ( deliberately ) what do you want from ae ? amy let he go : he 's still gota chance = let he go ! there be a pause . helen have 4 brier inner struggle , then decide to the honest . ( flatly ) it can not help you . amy flease . .. elen he 's not stay for I . I af bl ted m4 BA 3 = = 's bi ee ! Bay ex ) ral 4 i bg rarr RA j fey High noon 129 rele ( cont xd. ) have not speak to he for a year -- until today . I tell he to go . I be leave on the same train you be ... Amy stare at she , believe she . but vith belief , she econfusion return . Amy then vhat be it ? why ? eelen if you do not know , I can not explain it to you ... a my ( aully ) thank you ... anyway . you have be very kind . she. turn and start cut . belen ( lash out at she ) what kint cf '' wouan be you ? yow can you leave aim like this ? do the sound of gun frighten you that much ? Amy have turn ant vaite she out . amy ( quietly , with great dignity ) no , mes. ramiree . I have hear gun . my father and ay brother be kill ty gun . they vere on the right side , but it do not help they when the shoot start . my brother be aineteen . T watch bim die . . . . that 's when I become a quaker <= because every other religion say it vas alright for people to kill eack other at least cuce in a while . . . . 2 do not care who 's right or wrong ! there 's get to be some bettar way for people to live ! . oo eee nein tenement tet ee . 130 High noon Sue start cut again . elen = ( gently ) ss just a minute ... . ( a Amy turn ) ava you go to wait for the train downstairs ? ( as Amy nod ) that man down there can not be much ' company . why do not you vait here ? = i 1 amy ( reacting to the sympathy : im she tone ) thank you . iwill ... ‘sf ir bed 1 she come forward into the room again , see the chair helen have offer she before , hesitates a instant , then sit 1 down . helen take another chair . for '' nement the silence ' be strain again . Amy look down at the arm of the chair she be sit in , realize that will must have sit here many time in the past . her eye go about the reca , amt b finally reach helen . helen 1s aware of vhat Amy be think . a 1 ° she nod in quiet affirmation . Amy take it . = t 263 . int . stable . doane have recover and be on he foot nov . = ; his face be still mark and bloedstain , but he be a attempt with he batter hand to bring some senblance of order to he clothing . finish , be look down at he bruise muckle and finger , then start cut . see 4 backet of vater , he stog , look tack where harvey be still lie unconscious on the stable floor , pick up the bucket , go to harvay end douse he limp body with it . ' then be a toss the bucket aside and go cut . = 264 , ext , stable —- truck shot -~ on doane as be come out of the = stable and move vearily up the street to the cain street , = and turn the corner into it . 4 265 . exy . barber shop . doane approach it and go in . id 266 - int . parher shop . ' the server , alone in the shop , be put = 268 . he instrument in a cupboard as deane come in . there be = the SOUND cf hammer from the rear . — _ doane you get seme clean vater I can use ? } i j £ ' a ey fa 1 wl High noon 131 the berber turn and recognize hin . . barber why , sure , marshal -- ( then , look at ~ he more closely ) sure , sure ... ( he motion to the chair ) sit down deane go over to it ami sink into it . the barber draw goue vater , stare over he shoulder at doane . he get a towel and soak it in the water . areer run into some kind of trouble , marshal ? doare '' no trouble ... he become conscious of the hammer . the barber come over with the wet tovel . doare , what be you building ? ' the barber be embarrassed and ashamed . bareer just <= just fix thing up oat back . 2 . ( recover ) yow take it easy , Mr. doane . just settle back =~ doane relax and close he eye . the barber carefully wrap the wet towel about bis face , then burry to the rear door . bareer ( sharply ) pred e+ 5 ( es the bammer continue ) pred ! .. . hold it e while , will you ? 132 High noon ' the hammer stop . fred' voice ( puzzle ) hold it ? bareer ( eut in ) you just stop until I tell you to start egain -- | he turn from the doorway , geta a basin and fill it with water . Ze take it to doane , set it in he lap , then take doane 's batter hand and put then in the basin , look at the bruise knuckle vith eurtosity es he doeg so . he stare et doane 's hide face for a moment , then lock up at the cleck . camera pan up to it . it be seven minute to tvelve . 26-270 . gor 27 . 272. ex . railroad station . Jordan , pierce and colby ere eheck they gum , carefully reloading then ani . adjust they belt and holster . beside milt there be a extra gum - belt hold two gun . i¥f. staele . harvey be straighten he clothes . ' the fine patina of confidence ami conceit be go and be look utterly crush end defeat . he go wearily out . int . bareer shop , ' the barber vatch deane as he adjust ris coat , take a final look at he face in the airrcr , and start oot . doane thanks = he go on to the docr . bareer you be velcome , marshal . deane stop at the door , reach into a pocket , fish out a coin . * barser oh , no charge , marshal -~ ted thu will = be tit t a be — _ ae k we kind ea fal a Wed é 4 ae 8 ey 4 a a bea ey = e 4 4 ar & 4 have [ - 7 vr '' 4 2tt - 280 . High noon 133 deane look at he , untouched by he eagerness so please . deliverately , he flip it to the barber , who catch it . doane ( and he know what be be talk about ) tou can tell you man to go back to verk now ... he go cut . the Zarber stare after he as he pass the windew . then he shrug helplessly , and go to the rear door . barber ( call out ) alright , pred . go ahead ... ext . marshal' office . doane approach the office , eye narrove against the glare of the mm . he see that he note still flutter on the door . he rip it otf , start in , then stop end lock up at the sky . full shot — sey . the glaring vhite - hot ball of fire be almost exactly at its tenith . if hang there , beleful , merciless , mo , close shot -- doane . he squint , rub he eye , go into he office . owt . marshal' office . saker , armed , be pace the floor tensely . ine or the room , almost hide in the i shadow , the loy bad send to find the selectmen be stand . seker turn quickly es doane come in and try to accustom he eye to the change in Light . bazer will -- doane stare at he with relief and remembrance . doare I guesa I forget about you , herb . I be sure glad you be here . he go to he desk . baker I could not figure out what be 14 High noon baker ( cont would . ) keep you . time 's get short deane look up at the vall clock . it ia five to twelve . doane sure be ... baker . when be the cther toy go to get here ? we get to make plan . . . doane the other toy ? he realize that saker dce not crow . he turn to face hin . dqake there be not any other boy , herb . it 's just you ani I ... baker you be joke ... doaze no . I could not get anybody . parker ido not believe it ! this town be not that low -~ oar to could not get amytedy . . . - Baker stare at he . ' then , suddenly , full realization of the situation come to he . baker then it 's just you amt I ? doane I guesa so . ta kis corner , forget by beker end unseen ty doane , the Boy lock om , fascinate . f. _ '' ua i bu : sa be be = be 's : High noon 135 baker tou and I , against Jordan and -- al. four of .'em ... doane that 's right . . . . you want out , herb ? paker , ( writhe inwardly ) well , it 's not that I vant out , no . bat. . . I will tall you the truth ... . I do not figure on anything like this , deane . nothing like this -~ doane . ( amtle mirthleasly ) neither do I ... baker ~ ( with grow terror ) I volunteer . you know I aid . * not you do not have to come to oe . ae . twas ready . . . . I be ready now ! ' bat this - be different . ' this be not like what you seid it be , go to be . . . . this be just plain i . commit suicide , that 's vhat mae it be ! amd for what ? why I ? v I be 20 lewemen «» I just live here ! . . . a T get nothing personal against anybody -— I get not stake in this ! doane ( omrably ) I guess not ... _ sarer there 's a limit how much you can ask a can : -- I have get a vite and kid ! . . . wast about oy kid ? tt 's not fair -= you be not get the right to ask it -= doane go home to you kid , herb ... Baker grab up he rifle and start towerd the door , '' 136 High noon he stop , strive for a remnant of decency . barr you get some other fellow , and t'll stil . go through vith it , doane doane ( harshly ) ge on home , herb ! saker hurry cut . the door slam loudly behind bim . doane stare into nothing for a moment , turn and sit down automatically . ' then bis contrel give way , and the tide of bitterness ent anger overflow in he . he pound bis batter fista om the desk top brutally , almost sobbing he outrage . ' the surge of emotion abbe . gradually , deane reclaim he hold on himself . in the corner , the Boy lock on , wide - eye and frighten . deane straighten , vipe he face and eye , turn he chai > and see the Boy . doare ( vrusquely ) ~ woat do you vant ? mr ( frighten ) it find ‘em , marshal , like you vent I to -~ all but Mr , Henderson . doane be fully himself now . doane ( wryly ) T find he . . . . thanks ... mor oh , you be welcome -- he hesitates , efraid to say vhet he bas in aind , doane - leek at he quizzically . fe come to he . mr ( eagerly ) marshal - listen -- let I fight with you ! I be not afraid ! 3 be id by + a bef L High noon 137 be. bor please , let I , marshal ! doase you be a kid . you be a baby ... oy I be sixteen : amd I can handle '' gum , too . you ought to see not -- doare : you be fourteen . . . . what do you want to lie for ? boy well , I be big for my ege . ... please , marshal ... doane Ho ! ( he rise and go to he ) you be big for you age , alright ... . bat you get out of here -~ mor aw , please ... doare gaon , goon ... he turn away , the Boy start unhappily to the door . doane step , turn back to he . tdoare ( gently ) jommny .. . johnny turna to nim , he eye brim over . doane . . he give a little wave , as when a man say gocdby to a c friem . johnny manage to muster a kind of a smile and return the gesture . then he be go . doane look after e sse eter ec ney ee they eee neti ee se ae EES sneer een tet ee sand eee _ — — 138 High noon 281. 283. he , elmest smile , the rage and bitterness in hin leaven a Little . ' then be go to he desk , sit down , take bis gun out of they holster and check then methodically . his bruise finger be clumsy . he put bis gum down ami lock down at bis hand ruefully . ie rub and knead he finger , then pick up the gun again . closeup ~~ gun in doane's hand . it lock deadly . back to sceie . deane stare down at the gun . be hamt turn the barrel upward , point towerd he face . for a instant {t alnost seem a if he be weigh the benefit of a quick , more aereitul , self - inflicted death . he press the trigger . the safety catch be on . it click harmlessly . Ze pick up the cther gun in he lett hemi and vore the trigger on it . then , put down both gun , be open a draver , take out a box of bullet amt stuff bullet into he ccat pocket . ext . railroad station . Jordan and the other have acve down to the track . Jordan be pace tansely . fierce amd colby be stare down the gleaming trace . there be no sign of the train in the distance . int . church . ' the congregation be sing a byan . Henderson , as he sing , take cut he watch and look at . it . he shake he head slightly , return he wateh , and keep on sing . 285-286 . we . 287 . close shot -- wooden sign . weathertesten ani so tade that it be diffieul . to read , it say : " stage station " ext . corral . we see now that the sign.is over the corral gate . near the gate , Toby bas Peterson tie hand and foot in a sit position , and he 13 now tie he to ome of the fence rail , ih the b.g. , martinez , a middle age mexican , tas tethere the horse . ha come out of the corral and lock on as Toby finish and straighten . ( interested ) what he do ? tory oh , he 's a tad boy . .. . very bad ... =o 4 = 2 a ken 14 of g2 8 ) I aca uf bled bi ie 289 ~ 293. righ noon ee turn and starta for the low house past the corral , acd martinez fall in alongside , the camera trucking with then . torr how 's the beer ? martinez bow be ay cerveza ? Ze shrug contemptucusly . torr cola ? martinez like weel water ... Toby smile happily . ' they heave reach the house . exd , martinez house . Toby sprawl on the porch step , es martiner go om into the house . Toby let himself go , stretch he tired and aching muscle , then start to roll , a cigarette . martine : come out with a copper pitcher amd two mug . he start to pour beer for Toby amd himsel ?. twoh how 's business ? martinez it will be better when the stage run again . tory that stage ei not never go to run agnin . ai not you hear ? we get a reilread now . martinez ( abrugge ) Toby lock down at he beer vith delight , then take '' lesg drink . he sigh happily . martinez it go to the horse now . you wish you friend to drink ? 139 140 High noon Toby hesitates , then kis good nature give in . tory give he beer . . . . sut be careful . May malo ... martine shrug again , pour '' ougtul of beer , set the pitcher down and go cut of scene . ' Toby take another drink . a pretty young mexican girl come out . she recognize hin . mexican girl look who 's bere . Wild 3111 hickoek . . . tory ah , chicquita . .. . come esta ? tt be obvious that . they know each other well . mexican girl if you really vant to know , you come by once in '' while . tosr tbeen busy ... mexican giw sure . you be '' big mn . very _ busy . very impertant ... grinning , teby shove over he empty mug . caralessly , she move it back with she toe . mexican girl what happen to you clothes ? torr T be swim . mexican girl in you clothes ? tory sure ... mexican girl you be crazy . fol bed tol kad bed [ ep bid ge he 1 a et High noon ldl toby I get a crazy job . he flick the aug closer to she . again she inch . it back to bim with a insolently provocative toe-nudge . mexican girl you go to stay a while ? rear : T get to go . T get '' priscner . besides , I be invite to a wedding ... mexican girl tf you stay a while , I will wash you shirt ... they eye meet and hold . Toby turn and look out to where Petersen be sprawle cear the fence . then he - take cut he large old - fashioned watch , look at it , pot it to bis ear , shake it , put it to he eer again . ee shrug . i torr } what do you know . must have stop when I go swim -- he pat the vatch avay , he eye meeting the girl 's again . ef - : ab -~ I probably aiss that 4 wedding anyway ... pe & smiling , the girl bend and get he mge ani start to - till it with teer . & 29 k , closeop ~~ clock in marshal office . ‘he time be tvo minute to tvelve . camera pan dow to doane , write er at he desk . ass . insert -- doane's band -~ as : it write : = mn last will and testament ~ aa he cross the last " T " he pause . in the silence the be lout tick of the clock can be beard . deliverately , he =e draw a line under the word . 4 142 High noon ~ 296 . int . salcon . all the Men be silently vatching the clock . = 2ot - int . helen' front room . Amy be still im the chair , lose _ 300 . im she thought . helen ( 's stand at the window , look 3 down into the street . helay =e where be you go vhen you = leave town ? os Home . St. Louis ... '' mze helen = ( cumming to she ) 3 all that way elone ? — = - = am = that 's the vay I come ... . my family unhappy mo matter vhat Ide . ' back home they think I be very strange . - I be e feminist . you imow , woman 's 's tights -- thing like that ... . ' ( she lock up at helen ) where will you go ? helen shrug . why be you go ? be you afraid Sat of that man ? not afraid , so ... . there be — very few sen who cannot be canage , = one way or another ... = =) they each think cf doane , amd look at each other . — then helen go one fa helay = I be just tired ... . = ( ashe start to pace ) a it hate this town . I have always bate it . to be a mexican voman in a town like this ... . fi ( she shake she head ) | = y | a mae fey 4 fd ) ff = High noon 143 helen ( cont would . ) I marry ramirez when I vas sixteen . be be fat and ugly , foolish . when he touch I , I vould teal sick . bat he have woney . when he die , I hed money . . . . I sell the salooa . I buy the biggest store in town . sobody knove . I hire '' big citizen to mm it for I . mobedy know that either . Big citizen do many thing tor money . . . - and all the fine lady , who never sav I vhen they pass not om the street , they pay not they money and they never mer ... . I enjoy it for a vhile . but now ... ( ake shrug again ) aur ( after a pause ) toumderstand . . . heley you de ? that 's good . I do not understand you ... . ( as Amy look at ber ) no matter vhat you say , if deane be wy man , I would never leave here . I would get a go = I would fight ... aue ( deliberately ) wey doe not you ? helen he 's not my mn ... she turn suddenly end go to one of she bag , open vummege in it , come up with ea gun . eley bere . take this . you be he wife ... ( sharply ) Ho ! if idid I would be say oy whole life up to now be wrong ! 144 High noon 30 . 32 . 303 . 30 k , 305 . 30t . 308 . 309 . 310 . helen right , wrong , vhat 's the difference ? he 's you aan -- aue ( rise ) ts be ? what make sim symen ? a few word speak ty a judge ? do that cake a marriage ? . , . there 's too ach vrong between we -- {tf do not fit ! anyway , this ts wheat he chogea .. . there be a instant of complete silence , vhich be shattered suddenly by the distant but loud , hoarse screen of a train vbistle . invelimtarily , both woman react physically . int . marshal' office . the train whistle continue over . deane have be sit at he desk , write . he sit there , freeze . ext . STREET . the tvo Old Men listen . the train whistle cemtioe over . int . SALOON . ' train weistle over , ' the Men be roote in they place . int . rogm . harvey {* sprawle on the rumple bed . there be a bottle nearby . he hear the vhistle . ext , bailroad station . train whistle over . Jordan , pierte ami colby be stand at the track . the train be not yet visible . ' then the whistle stop . they look . ext , countryside -- train track . in the distance a small cloud of smoke can be see . int . marshal' office -- on doane -~ as he vait . ' then there be the scumd of the second whistle . ont , church , the congregation be on its foot , Henderson in the f.g. , but no one be sing as the train vhistle continue over , mo . close shot -- organist . he be vorking the kay but the music emerge with the sound of the whistle . int . fuller live 30 cm . ' train whistle over , fuller and bis wife listen . lial 3 a8 iad ( ui tity = — t tha kb wey ei uw F _ , = 312 . + ss 343 . * ea w= 3b , ' & 25 . hig ae né. : | im 3ut. '' E 318. es , = mo . 320 . , ez 322 . | 13 = '- = = =. 323 . baku . High noon 145 xf. martin howe's house . ' rain whistle over . hove sit im he chair , listen . dm . salcon , ' rain whistle over . the Men listen . dst . helen' pront room , train vhistle over . helen and Amy listen . the vhistle die . dwt . doane's gffice . he vait . ext. station , Jordan , pierce and colby wait . there be still no sign cf the train . they look at each other tensely . int . stationmaster's office , he stand foot , wait . int . seley's front room . Amy amt helen look at each other , they eye ask the question they be afraid to speek . tht . SALOON . ' the Men tegin to look at each other wooder - ingly . dwt . marshal' office . doane wait . ext , countryside -- on the move train . twt . marshal' office , 02a doane weiting . ee start to pot down the pen he have be hold , end now , louder than before , the third viristle blast over the scene . deane quiver . the breath he have be hold escape ine long scumtlass sigh . zxt . railroad station . Jordan , pierce and colby look at each cther in triumph . in the distance , the train become visible . ont . SALOON , as the vhistle die , the Men stampede cut , the saloon be empty . pron outside , we hear the click of giliis ' key in the lock , see the knob tum es he try it . ume , helen' front room , helen and Amy be both on they foot , and Sam have helen 's bag . ' they nove muably toward the door . helen ( quietly ) can I ride with you to the Station ? a reremen earmene carat ee ee tx , rent goot 148 High noon 330 . 331 . 332 . 333. 33t . amy of course ... they start out . iff . marshal' oppice . doane sign bis name to what he hes write , folda it , then write on it : ‘30 bs opened in tse event of Mt death . he place the fold testament in the center of tis desk , and then put the cartridge box on it for a peper-weight . he rise , take a deep breath . ext . HOTEL , the clerk be close the metal shutter . they clang into place . series of shot -- cf shutter , window ami door be close all . cver town . ey . railroad station , Jordan , pierce ami colby watch es the approach train draw nearer . the noise cf ita engine end wheel can be hear plainly now . ' dme . marshal' office , deane take a last lock arcund the office amd go cut . ' ext . marshal' office -= as doane emerge into the sumlight . he look arcund . exy , soiree -- from doane's point of view . it 1s completely desert . camera fan to other extreme of the street . tt , too , 1s eapty . close shot -- doane . he mile mirthlessly . suddenly , there be the SOUND of horse 's hocve , and be turn . ext. STREET . ' the tuckboard , Amy drive and helen beside she , come down the street toward doane . close shot -- doane -~ as he see and recognize then . mo . close shot -~ amy and helen -- as they see doane . close shot -- doane -= as he watch they approach . closeup -= helen . ' she be at she best . her eye be look directly toward doane , and there be a faint bod fraj fe bi bey é La bak ka bed gea LA lead ba ota | wo. ey ki mn '' sa '' AG ea ws reg bm , rey 's be € wt bl . jhe 343. 35 . High noon 147 smile cn she lip . close ? — amy . she have never lock nore beautiful . her eye avoid doane 's . . closeup ~~ doane -- as he stare 0.8. at life itselr . ext , marseal office «+ as the buckboard aveep past doane . we see that Sam be sit im the back among the luggage . it pass cut of scene , mo . close shot -- doane == as he lock efter the buckboard . then , with a effort , be pull himself together , take out bis watch and lock at the time . exd . railroad station . ' the train pull in . conductor alight . Jordan , pierce and colby wait impatiently . then , one of the car door open , and a moment later guy jordan step out inte the sunlight . he be '' big man , pale , but dangerous look , implacable . ' the three nen hurry to rim . smiling , they extend they hanis to bim . jorden be not surprised to see then . he shake hand unsmilingly , then move off to a nore seclide portion of the platform . they follow hin . ext . qeation -- another angle == as the buckboard drive izto the.station yard ami stop near the track . Sam jwsp down and begin to unlcad the luggage , and Amy and helen climb down . group ghot . Jordan extend he band inquiringly to milt . sail , milt hand he two gun . guy take no chance . he check beth gun . ' then , lock up , ais glance go 0.3 , ant be catch there . ext . railroad car . sem be help Amy up the step , ag she go in and he extent a arm to helen , ake look off toward guy . mo . close shot -- guy jordan -< as he eye meet helen' . mo . close shot -- helen . her eye meet guy 's calmly . then , take she tine , she climb the atep into the car . group shot . guy watch she disappear without expression . nothing can interfere with the business at hami . he nod to the other , and start out of the station . they follow he . 148 High noon 350 . 351 . 352 . 353. 354 . 353 . 356 . 357 . tht . railroad car . Amy 1s sit by the vindow , pale , tense . helen be beside she on the aisle , Sam pitting away the last of the luggage . he come to helen and they lock at each other in silence . it be a difficult parting for both of then . SAM ( finally ) so long , helen ... helen geed-by , Sam . . . . you will hear from I ... SAM ( nedd tag ) take care ... Sam 's tight , weather ~ teaten face break into socething like a smile , and he go out quickly . ' there be the maiden o.8. blast of the train vhistle . - ext . marshal' office . doane react to the vhiatle . ee teela for kis gun , then start slowly but firmly down the street . ext . qureet -- on Jordan end the other as they come up the middle of the street . exe , tow -- hich shot cf the cain street . we see the ezall figure approach each other , hide from each other by the bend of the street . mo . close truce shot -- doanz . aa he continue , keep along the sidewalk . close trucking group shot -~ on jorden and the other . close tuck sedt -=- doane <= go on . ext . qreet -- on Jordan aod the cther . suddenly milt atop , he attention catch by a shop window . as he dart over to it , the other stop , startle . milt reech the shop . it have woman 's hat of the period on display . deliberately , milt smashes the vindow with he gun butt , peaches in and take cut a hat . guy Jordan 's grim face tighten . ted to fd tek a er aby le fll piel ei fas pry rno 359 . 360 . 362. 362. High noon 149 guy jordan ( angrily ) can not you wait ? milt just want to be ready ... he stuff the bat under he shirt and hurry to rejoin they . they continue up the street . ext . STREET -- on doane as he continue . he reach the bend , patise , then take shelter in the Space between two house . he vait there . mo . close shot ~= doane . as he wait tensely . ext . STREET . Jordan end the cther come into scene . they pasa doane 's hide place and continue on . doane let they go about twenty foot , then draw he gun . doane ( call ) Jordan -— ' the cther man turn , draw es they do . milt be the first to shoot . his shot miss deane , but doane do not miss bim . milt whirl and go down . bullet from the other three pockmark the wall behind deane . he return the fire , then rug for it . ost . railroad car =~ amy and helen . they sit tensely , as the SOUND cf the gun fight come over . ‘hen , suddenly , the fire stop , and there be e dead silence . helen slump a little , believe the fight be over end doane be dead . Amy stare at she , and then , beside herselt , leap to she feat , brushes past helen and un wildly to the deer . ext . railroad station . Amy climb down the step and run wildly cut of the station . in the b.g. , the stationmaster be the centre of a curious group compose cf the train crew and passenger . 2xt , maly STREET . on Amy as she run up the desert street . exd . STREET -~- shoot past milt 's bedy toward the bend in the street . in the b.g. , Amy 's figure run into view , then stop short as she see the bedy . 150 High noon - 365 . 3tt . close shot =~ amy as ahe see milt 's bedy and think shat 4t ts domme 's , camera pan vith she as she run toward it . exd , STREET -~ milt 's body in the ?.g. , the het he have steal lie beside he . Amy rune toverd camera , finally crumple to she knee at milt 's bedy . to she amazemant and relier , abe see that it be sot doane . there be a fustlede of 6.3. shot , and she realize that the guntight be still go on . ext . back alley =~ cn doane as he vun , bent low . there be & shot frog ahead , and he duck into the shelter of '' shed . he peer in the direction cf the shot . ext . alley -~ from doane's point of view , colby be at the other end cf the alley , behind shelter . in . sa=p . doane go to the other side of the shed , peer through a crack , tarough {t , the figure of guy Jordan and pierce can be see come into the other end of the alley . deane fire at Jordan , wiss , and they duck cut cf sight . there be a burst of shot from colby end be ansver burst from the other tro , doane throw himself on the ground . ee survey bis situation , realize the be catch in a cresa-fire . eel , STREET . Amy ts on she foot new , hearing the o.s. shot . she start uncertainly up the street . dpd . shed . deane crawl to the door of the shed , ami leck ext . staele -= trou doane 's point or view . tts wide door , diagonmlly acreas the alley trea doane , be open . tnt . stage . doane make up he mind to try for it . he get to he foot , crouch , launch himself out . exd . alley «= as doane 's crouch body cannonbells across the alley , untouched . dt. stasle . doene 's body hurtle into the stable end bite the floor . he lie there , struggle for breath . the horse whinny and reer nervously , ext , alley . Jordan , pierce ant calby move cautiously toward the stable . dye , stable . deane get up , look around , climb up to the lot , . - —™ po ra he ? er * yk be fi F ee ha er = = ee B a '' ant * 383. High noon 151 Im , lor . doane go tovard 2 large open in the lot wall . frew here , he and the camera bave a good high riew of the elley . Jordan ani pierce at they end and colby at bis emt be both in riew . deane take aim at colby , tut miss . colby ami the cther duck out of sight . ptarce dash across the alley , doane fire but miss he , ext , stable -- as pierce crawl arcux ! to the rear of the . stable and take shelter . ee begin to fire inte the stable . ext . alley -- coley == as he fire . ext . alley =~ guy jordan =~ as he fire . ime . loft -- as bullet from all three direction hit ato the leave . there be a scream cf pain from one of the horse below , ballet continue into the leave . doane crawl to the ladder end climb dom . oft . starle . deane come down into be mad with fear . doane go to thea . in cue one cf the horse have be hit amt be to the stable door and slide it ahut . shelter behind sone bag of feed , and peicfully begin to load bis gun . - ext . alley -- jordan . he study the situation , as o.s. ahota come from colby and plerce . lack around , he see that he be tehind the general store . he getz a idea , go to the rear door and deliberately kick it . in . he disappear inside emi return in '' moment carry three oil lamp . come back to he place , he take ain and throw cre . ext . stable -- as the lamp fly against the stable door end smashes against it , spattering of ] against tha door . tnt , staelz -~ doane as he react to the sound of the lamp as it lenis . ' then he hear another lazp smash og the stable vall . . eet , alley -- on jordan shoot toward starle -~ as Jordan fling the third lamp toward the stable . tt take a high ere and land ceer the stable . thes Jordan take careful , aim , ani fire . we see one of the lamp explode , bounce crazily egainst the stable ani splattering fire egainst it . Jordan fire again , miss he target , fire again , hit it . 152 High noon 39 . 390 . 39 . 392 . 393. 304 . 395 . 396 . there {s another explosion , and another splash of oil and fire on the stable door . * ext . staele -- lamp in foreground . ' thera be the SOUND or jordan be o.5 , shot , end we see the lamp explode and carom off the ground againat the stable . another sheet of flame fall a the veoden stable wall . flame begin to spread along the front of the stable . tnt . staele -~ on doane -= as he realize what be happen . the horse be increasingly nad with fear , ' dwt , marshal' office . Amy come in , sreathless , confuse , terrify . Zrhaust sow , she can go no further ; indeed she do not cow vere to go . she see deane 's testament on the desk , go to it , read the inscription . ' here be the o.s. whistle of the train . int . staele . Fire be eat away at the door , and smoke be beginning to fill the stable . deane go to one of the stall ami leed cut the madden horse . one by one he leed all the horse cut of they stall , pull then toward the decor , manage vith a mighty effort to slide the door open , ami then send the rear , scream herse out into the allay . ext . alley -- ag the horse burst cut into the alley and scatter wildly . at they opposite end of the alley , Jordan ami colby take cover , doane slip out of the stable and around it . ext , railroad station . ' the train be pull out , the face of the passenger press against the window . exd . wooded area -~ as doane pass the camera on the run . a uoment later , the three cen enter the scene , fan out ami fire from cover . the fade train whistle come over . ext. surying -groumd . deane run into the scene , ani take cover behind 's marker . in the b.g. , the three man enter the scene , still fame out . shoot from cover , they gredually scve in on he . owt , church . ' the congregation be buddle together in terror , the Minister stand with heed bow , praying silently at the pulpit . a od bod Lab fd , for — 1 E. gE 397 . ls = 398. = oan 399 . 4 | = hoo. | & om hon. ee wea. oe ko3 . hob , ess | oom be 406 . | = E : | = | 7 1 = = hog , High noon 153 exo . cemetery . on deane as colby expose himselz . doane shoot , end bring he down . tnt . marshal' office , Amy be slump at doane 's desk , past tear now , doane 's cpen testament crumpled in she handa . the scund of o.s. fire begin to come closer . sense it , she rise and burry to the window . through it , she now see doane run inte the street . exd . STREET . deane be rigzagging dewn the street . pierce appear at the far end cf the street behind he , amd then woddenly Jordan come into view in the f.g . they have hin ia a crossfire again . ext. SALOON . deane head for it , bang against the door . tt {a lock . bullet pockmark the door eroumd he . with @ supreme effort , he charge the door end smashes it in , fall inside . close shot -- amy -~ as abe see what 12 happen . mo . close shot -- jordan -~ as he fire . mo , close shot -- pierce -- as he fire . - ~ omt . SALOON . doane squat on the floor , athsust . ex . STREET . pierce make he vay carefully along the street , fire es he go . he reach the marshal 's office , and shoot toward the saloon . tmt . marshal' office . Amy lock cn in horror as she see pierce through the windew , a scant few foot from she , shoot at the salcen . she lock about wildly , beside herself , then see harvey 's guaa hang on the vall . ' then , deliberately , abe go to they , take dewn e« gun , amd go to the window . pierce 's back be only two or three foot eway past the vindow . Amy lift the gun , hold it steady with both hand . ext , stheet -~ cn pierce , with Amy visible in the - b.g. pierce shoot , take aim egain . then Amy 's gun gc off , and pierce tumble face forvard the the ground . dmt . marshal' office . Amy reel ami cling to the ahatter window for support . tnt . SALOON . deane , at the window , now , stare out into the street in surprise . he can not see into he office , but 184 highnoon , &lo. bu. bia . 413. kuh , kus . ks . 4lt . 41g . pierce 's bedy be plainly visible . still , it may be '' ruse , exi . STREET -~ on jordan =~ az he stare off toward plerce 's bedy . then he dash toward the elley . xt. alley . Jordan run up the alley . ext . rear of marseal cpfice . Jordan go stealthily to a window , see Amy and that she be alone , Ze gee to the door . it be open . he open it quietly and leap in . int . marshal' office . Amy look up vith a start as Jordan jump into the roca , he go ready . exhausted , she can only starml thers as Jordan dart across the toom , dash the gun from she band amt grab she . holding she in tront of he , be push she cut towerd the street . dre . SALOON . shoot past doane inte the street , as he see Jordan , with Amy as @ shield , come cut of the office and toward hin . exd . STREET <= on Jordan end Amy . scrdan ( yell ) t , deane , come on out ! come cut -' or you friend bere will get it the way pierce do mte drt . SALOON . -~ es doane stare gut , shocked . . , doame t'll come cut += let she go ! ext. STREET -- on jorden end Amy . jordan seon as you vale through thet doer : come on -~ I will hold my fire ... he wait , hold Amy tightly . Amy be balf - fainting vith terror . dmt . salcon , doane start slowly toward the door , then hesitates . he stop , pick up a large chair and heave it threugh the doorway , lt bot bel fod tua lao tg bod = se se '' id 4 ] '' be at enn i fa be hora ota oa & for bry , S = ee & hige hal . High noon 155 ex . giseet , as the chair hurtle through , Jordan fire a burst of shot . wildly , Amy reach up vith she free claw at he face and eye . Jordan fling she hin and sabe land in the street . dcane step it of the saloon , fire as he come . Jordan other gun up . doane stagger from '' bullet shoulder , but keep shcote , and Jordan go down , slip from he finger . for «coment , deane iredly egainst the building . then he go to Amy . ps she up , amd they cling to each other silently . o- strert . prom everywhere , people begin to the street , core ami core of then . they look and Amy in silence . e ree ha ae aie ag 3 hh ext. STREET . doane amit Amy become aware cf the pecple . deane pull himself together . he drop he gum in the street , take off he gun - belt emi let it fll . deliberately , off he badge and drop it to the dust . the drunk enter the scene , pull the buckboart horse . see the waekboeri , doane guide Amy to it , help she in , then clinb up after she . he nod to the drunk , who step away , then take the rein end start the horse . the crow give way . the 0.g . the crow ! remain silent . ' the buckboard pass out of view . . es