high fidelity by d.v. De vincentis , Steve pink , &amp ; John cusack base on the novel by Nick hornby 9/11/98 London draft registered : wgaw fade in int . rob' apartment - night stereo not a minisystem , not a match set , but covete audiophile clutter of mcintosh and nakamichi , each component from a different era , buy piece by piece in various nanosecond of be flush . rob ( v.o. ) what come first ? the music or the misery ? people worry about kid play with gun and watch violent video , we be scared that some sort of culture of violence be take they over ... record Big thin lps . field of they . we move across they , slowly ... they seem to come to rest in a end of a few book ... but then the CD 's start , and go on , faster and faster , forever then the singles , then the tape ... rob ( v.o. ) but nobody worry about kid listen to thousand -- literally thousand -- of song about break heart and rejection and pain and misery and loss . it seem the record , tape , and CD 's will never end until ... we come to rob -- always a hair out of place , a face that grow on you . he sit in a oversize beanbag chair and address we , the wall of music behind he . rob do I listen to pop music because I be miserable , or be I miserable because I listen to pop music ? int . apartment - night Group of bag huddle next to the door . not the go -on - vacation set , but the clothes - to - coffee - maker move out variety . Rob stare at they , he face unreadable , he head grip by a big pair boudokan headphone . we hear what he be hearing , something forebode and upbeat at the same time . LAURA , Rob 's girlfriend , enter the room , and he immediately pull the headphone off . she clock he for a moment , catch he in what seem to be a old and repeat moment of nonpresence . she begin to heft the bag , Rob go to she , a little tardy for he big goodbye . Laura begin to cry a bit . LAURA I do not really know what I be do . he smile , and she do not . he adjust . rob you do not have to go this second . you can stay until whenever . LAURA we have do the hard part now . I might as well , you know ... rob well stay for tonight , then . Laura shake she head , lift the last small bag , and back out the door . a strap catch on a handle and the two of they wrestle with it a bit , while try to keep the door open , until Laura awkwardly disappear from view and the door shut behind Rob . he stay right there stare at the shut door for a long moment , listen to the fade sound of Laura and she drag bag . stereo Rob 's leave hand crank the volume knob while he right switch the CD changer to something loud and adrenal . he address we again . rob my desert-island , all - time , top five most memorable break -up , in chronological order be as follow : alison ashworth , penny hardwick , Jackie Allen , Charlie nicholson , Sarah kendrew . int . apartment stairwell Laura drag she bag , bang down the stair -- int . rob' apartment Rob move around the apartment , seem to expand physically , look for change as he continue . rob that be the one that really hurt . can you see you name in that list , Laura ? maybe you would sneak into the top ten , but there 's no place for you in the top five . sorry . that place be reserve for the kind of humiliation and heartbreak that you be just not capable of deliver . he adjust the angle of the tv , stuff a creepy family portrait into a drawer . rob that probably sound crueler than it 's mean to , but the fact be , we be too old to take each other miserable . unhappiness use to mean something . now it 's just a drag like a cold or have no money . he move through the live room to a open window face the street . look down two storey , he see Laura emerge from the building and drag she bag toward she car across the street . rob if you really want to mess I up , you should have get to I earlier . CUT to : ext . suburban park - dusk - Rob and alison sit on the bench , kissing awkwardly . rob ( v.o. ) which bring we to number one . alison ashworth . park bench - dusk the same shot , the next night : new clothes , same clumsy make - out session . rob ( v.o. ) my relationship with alison ashworth last six hour . park bench - dusk ... next night ... rob ( v.o. ) the two hour after school and before the rockford file , three day in a row . on the fourth afternoon . same park bench ... and the fourth night ... rob ( v.o. ) Kevin bannister . alison and another boy , kevin bannister . kiss . in the background , Rob approach and stop . he implode with self - consciousness and humiliation and attempt to affect a casual gait as he mope away . rob ( v.o. ) it would be nice to think that since I be fourteen , time have change , relationship have become more sophisticated , female less cruel , skin thicker , but there still seem to be a element of that afternoon in everything that have happen to I since . all my other romantic storey seem to be a scramble version of that first one . int . rob' apartment Rob sit in he chair , a cord lead from the stereo to headphone drape around he neck . behind he be the wall of music . rob number two . penny hardwick . penny be great-look , and she top five recording artist be Carly Simon , carole King , James Taylor , cat Stevens , and elton John ... he let the needle down on the turntable next to he . " nobody do it better " by Carly Simon begin to play as presence ... ext . high school lawn - flashback - mos ... and continue as soundtrack . penny , 16 , be walk across the grass toward we . she 's the clean , sporty , nice wholesome girl - next-door . she wave to off - camera friend , smile a win smile . rob ( v.o. ) everybody like she . she be nice . Nice manners . Nice grade . Nice - look . int . penny' bedroom - night penny and Rob sit on the edge of the bed , kissing . Rob move he hand up toward the breast , but the hand then seem to have a new idea , and dive south to follow the thigh into penny 's skirt ... rob ( v.o. ) she be so nice , in fact , that she would not let I put my hand underneath , or even on top of , she bra . ... when he contact skin , penny roll like a gymnast away and off of the bed , out of frame . Rob look away balefully . ext . STREET - night " nobody do it better " continue as Rob walk penny to she front door . she be smile , he seem distant . rob ( v.o. ) penny be nice , but I be not interested in nice , just breast , and therefore she be no good to I . and so I be finish with she . she lean in to kiss he , and he shrug she off . rob what 's the point ? it never go anywhere . without look at she , Rob turn and walk down the street , get smaller . penny watch for a while . CUT to : int . " EL " train car - morning - present Rob sway with the other commuter . rob she cry , and I hate she for it , because she make I feel bad . I start dating a girl who everybody say would put out , and penny go with this asshole Chris Thompson who tell I that he have sex with she after something like three date . how have penny go from a girl who would not do anything to a girl who would do everything ? a businessman look up from he paper at Rob , then back down . ext . clark STREET - day a old Chicago block of local merchant , on a busy street . Rob make he way down the street , jangling a set of key and talk to we . rob my store 's right up here . it 's call the record Exchange . it 's carefully place to attract the bare minimum of window shopper . Rob arrive at a storefront , and begin unlock a rusty gate with two lock and then a beat - down door . rob I get by because of the people who make a special effort to shop here on Saturday young man , always young man , who spend a disproportionate amount of they time look for delete smith singles and " original not rerelease " underline Frank Zappa album . int . record store - day in almost darkness . more light might penetrate the window if there be not so many record - release poster tape to they . a dusty narrow corridor clad in burlap and shag rug . on the wall be bag 45 's you will never hear unless you commit you life to the lose proposition of listen to every noodle of jah wobble and Glen Glenn and other people you have never hear of . but as Rob open the door , enter , and flip a switch cause the fluorescent to sputter , we see in he eye the reverence and earnestness of a football coach gaze across a empty field or a priest draw at midnight to he empty church . rob the fetish property be not unlike porn . I would feel guilty take they money if I be not , kind of , well , one of they . as he walk one of the two slim aisle toward the back , he stop on a dime , step back and pull a CD from the sea and replace it almost the same position , but not quite -- meticulousness and pride in this gesture ... after a moment the door creak open behind Rob , admit dick , a nervous , forlorn but sweet and intelligent discophile with long greasy black hair , a sonic youth T-shirt , a monstrous pair of headphone , and a canvas record bag emblazon with a label logo . rob ' Morning , Dick . dick oh , hi . hi , rob. rob good weekend ? dick yeah , ok . I find the first licorice comfit album at vintage vinyl . the one on Testament of youth . never release here . japanese import only . rob great . dick I will tape it for you . rob no , that 's okay . really . dick ' Cause you like they second one , you say , pop , Girls . etc . the one with Cheryl ladd on the cover . you do not see the cover though . rob yeah , I have not really absorb that one . dick well , I will just make it for you . rob ( resign ) okay . CUT to : int . record store - later Dick be behind the counter , Rob in the aisle with a clipboard do inventory . rob ( be : music ) what 's this ? dick the new Belle and sebastian . like it ? the door fly open and barry , a acid-tongue post - punk rock misanthrope without quite enough intelligence to conceptualize he own rebellion , walk in . his tooth be clench in air-guitar concentration and he 's phonetically cranking a clash riff : barry baa ! BA BA dang ! Dick shrink back from he instinctively . he stop mid-step and cock he ear at the music play in the store . his face adopt a exaggerated grimace . barry Holy shiite ! what the fuck 's this ? dick it 's the new -- rob it 's the record we have be listen to and enjoy , Barry . Barry move in on the stereo behind the counter , and Dick get out of he way . barry well that 's problematic because it suck ass . he pop the CD out and frisbee it to Dick . barry ( be : the CD ) your , I assume ... Barry pull a tape out of he jacket and jam it in . " how to kill a Radio consultant " by Public enemy come through at through the red level . rob ( over the blare ) turn it off , barry . barry it won't go any louder . Barry walk in rhythm toward the stockroom and disappear . Rob go behind the counter and stop the tape . Barry 's head pop out of the stockroom . barry what be you do ? rob I do not want to hear Public enemy right now . barry Public enemy ! all I be try to do be cheer we up . go ahead and put on some old sad bastard music see if I care . rob I do not want old sad bastard music either . I just want something I can ignore . barry but it 's my new tape . my Monday morning tape . I make it last night just for today . rob yeah , well it 's fuck Monday afternoon . you should get out of bed earlier . barry do not you want to hear what 's next ? rob what 's next ? barry play it . rob say it . barry ( sigh ) " Little Latin lupe lu . " Rob groan . dick Mitch Ryder and the Detroit wheel ? barry ( defensive ) no. the righteous Brothers . dick oh well . nevermind . Barry bristle and move slowly in on Dick . barry what ? dick nothing . barry no , not nothing . what 's wrong with the righteous Brothers ? dick nothing . I just prefer the other one . barry bullshit . rob how can it be bullshit to state a preference ? barry since when do this shop become a fascist regime ? rob since you bring that bullshit tape in . barry ( sarcastic ) great . that 's the fun of work in a record store . play crappy pap you do not want to listen to . I think this tape be go to be , you know , a conversation stimulator . I be go to ask you for you top five record to play on a Monday morning and all that , and you just have to ruin it . rob we will do it next Monday . barry well what 's the point in that ? from outside . hear the SOUND of skateboard wheel clacking and scraping , getting louder . Rob , Dick and Barry stop fight to listen , then each move purposefully to a spot in the store . Dick to the register , Barry to the back , Rob next to the door , as if brace for a street fight . the SOUND get closer , then stop . the door swing open to admit vince and justin , two fifteen - year - old skate punk . Vince 's hair be post-apocolyptically hack to different length , Justin 's in uniformly shaven with leopard spot dyed browse . Rob follow they , watch they every move . Dick counter from he perch , get another angle . Barry crack he knuckle threateningly . Vince and Justin do they best browser impersonation . finally Justin pluck a CD , and the two move to the counter . rob hey . do not you steal that one already ? dick can I help you ? justin just this . dick that will be fifteen-twenty - seven . Vince reach into he deep pocket and pull out a paper cup , with piece of paper attach that say " please help I . I be retarded . " he pour a mass of change and crumpled singles onto the counter . Dick begin count it out . vince be not you name Dick ? dick yes . vince that suck . get it ? Dick crack a sad smile for a second . he bag the CD and Vince and Justin be off . Rob walk back through the stock room door . CUT to : int . record store - stock room - later Rob be on he knee , open box with a razor knife . he talk to we as he work . rob I be sick of the sight of this place , to be honest . some day I be afraid -- Dick stick he head in the door , look at Rob , look where Rob be look ( camera ) , and retreat back through the door . Rob continue . rob I be afraid I will go berserk , rip the elvis costello mobile from the ceiling , throw the " country artist male a - k " rack out onto the street , go off to work in a virgin megastore and never come back -- he hear the bell on the front door ring , and he stop and listen , look a bit worried . customer ( o.s. ) I be look for a record for my daughter . for she birthday . " I just call to say I Love you . " do you have it ? barry ( o.s. ) oh yeah . we get it . Rob relax and go back to work . customer ( o.s. ) great . can I have it then ? barry ( o.s. ) no , you can not . Rob deflate , shaking he head . store floor Barry lean back , elbow up on the counter behind he , talk to the customer , a middle - age gray man in a raincoat . customer why not ? barry because it 's sentimental tacky crap , that 's why not . do we look like the kind of store that sell " I just call to say I love you ? " go to the mall and stop waste we time . customer what 's you problem ? what do I ... why be you -- barry do you even know you daughter ? there be no way she like that song . or be she in a coma ? the customer throw up he hand and start out of the store . customer okay , okay , buddy . I do not know it be pick on the Middle - age Square guy Day . my apology . I will be on my way . he step out of the door . barry b'bye ! outside , anger catch up to the customer . he turn and throw up a middle finger -- customer fuck you ! -- and bolt . Barry smile and turn to see rob stand in the doorway of the stock room . he feign applause . rob Nice , Barry . barry Rob . top five musical crime perpetrate by stevie wonder in the ' 80' and ' 90' . subquestion -- be it in fact unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for he latter - day sin ? " be it better to burn out than to fade away ? " rob you just drive a fuck customer away , Barry . barry we do not even really have it . I happen to know for a fact that the only stevie wonder single we have be " do not drive drunk . " I be just goof on the straight , and it never cost you a penny . rob not the point . barry oh , so what 's the point then ? rob I do not want you talk to we customer like that again . barry " we customer ? " you think that Mr. l.l. bean out there be go to be a regular ? Rob 's face begin to redden with anger . rob Barry , I be fuck break ! I know we use to fuck with anyone who ask for anything we do not like , but it 's gotta stop . barry bullshit . the guy be go to buy one record -- which we do not even have -- and leave and never come back again anyway . why not have a little fun ? Big fuck deal . rob what do he ever do to you ? barry he offended I with he terrible taste . rob it be not even he terrible taste . it be he daughter 's . barry oh , now you be defend that motherfucker ? you be go soft in you old age , Rob . there be a time when you would have chase he out of the store and up the street . now all of a sudden I be offend you golf buddy . ( sarcastic ) you be right , Rob . I be so sorry . how be we ever go to make enough money to get you and Laura into the country club ? Rob be red and seethe . barry and by the way , I tell you this for you own good : that 's the worst sweater I have ever see . I have never see a sweater that bad wear by anyone I be on speak term with . it 's a disgrace to the human race . Rob spring on Barry , grab he by the lapel and jerk he up against the wall . Rob be so mad he can not say anything . dick hey , guy ... hey . Rob run out of steam and drop Barry , who backpedal fast . barry ( extremely shake ) what be you , some kind of fuck maniac ? if this jacket 's tear you be gonna pay big . Barry stomp out of the store . Rob turn and go back to the stockroom , and sit on the stepladder . Dick appear in the doorway , terrify . dick be you all right ? rob yeah . I be sorry ... look Dick , Laura and I break up . she 's go . and if we ever see Barry again maybe you can tell he that . dick ' course I will , Rob . no problem . no problem at all . I will tell he next time I see he . Rob nod . Dick set out into the unchart conversational territory of interpersonal relationship . dick I have ah ... get some other stuff to tell he anyway , so it 's no problem . I will just tell he about , you know , Laura , when I tell he the other stuff . rob Fine . dick I will start with you news before I tell he mine , obviously . mine be not much , really , just about Marie lasalle ( flash CD of pretty woman ) play at Lounge ax tonight . I like she , you know , she 's kind of sheryl crowish ... but , you know , good . so I will tell he before that . good news and bad news kind of thing . Dick laugh nervously . dick or rather , bad news and good news , because he like this person play tonight . I mean , he like Laura too , I do not mean that . and he like you . it 's just that -- rob I understand , Dick . dick sure . ' course . Rob , look . do you want to ... talk about it , that kind of thing ? Rob look up at Dick , who be so nervous that he brow be wet . rob no . thanks though , Dick . Dick sigh with relief , and smile he way out of the stock room . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob number three in the top five break - up be Charlie nicholson , sophomore year of college . some people never get over ' nam , or the night they band open for nirvana . I guess I never really get over Charlie . CUT to : ext . college quad - day - flashback about twenty foot away we see a tall , thin beauty , bleach - blonde hair cropped short in darling ' 80' new - wave asymmetry . she be speak animatedly to a pamphleteer , drive she point home with a forefinger . rob ( v.o. ) she look different . Dramatic . exotic . she talk a lot , about remarkably interesting thing like music , book , film , and politics ... int . cafe - day a young Rob sit amongst a group of student who be engage in a heat conversation . he be smile , mouth close , just happy to be there . Charlie sit next to he , tousle he hair as she talk incessantly . rob ( v.o. ) ( over she talk ) ... so we do not have that terrible , strain sentence , that seem to characterize most of my relationship . and she like I . she like I . she like I . Charlie give Rob a quick kiss and keep talk ... ext . STREET - afternoon Rob and Charlie walk arm in arm , Rob in cool clothes and sunglass try to look cool , Charlie make a point about something . Rob check out how cool he look with she as they walk by a store window reflection . rob ( v.o. ) we go out for two year , and for every single minute I feel as though I be stand on a dangerously narrow ledge . I could not get comfortable , could not ever stretch out and relax . why would a girl -- no , a woman -- like Charlie go out with someone who only a few year ago sew a foghat patch on he jacket ? I feel like all that people who suddenly shave they head and say they would always be punk . I feel like a fraud . and I be depressed by the lack of flamboyance in my wardrobe ... int . charlie' apartment - day the fabulous sophomore design student 's studio apartment : White wood floor , white wall , overvarnish door , doisneaux print on the wall , futon on the floor . Rob lie back on he elbow , watch Charlie in uncomfortable , worried awe . she stand , she back to he , wear only she underwear and pull on a T-shirt -- a heartbreaking image to look back on . rob ( v.o. ) ... I worried about my ability as a lover . I be intimidate by the other man in she design department , and become convinced that she be go to leave I for one of they . Charlie turn around and look at Rob with naked ambivalence . rob ( v.o. ) she leave I for one of they . the dread Marco . ext . charlie' apartment - night it be raining like crazy , and Rob be shouting up at a light window , maniacally gesture . the curtain part and Charlie 's figure appear , clad only in a sheet . next to she be a tall , build , handsome man , marco , also in a sheet . eventually he fall to he knee with a splash and bury he head in he hand . the light go out . rob ( v.o. ) and I lose it . I lose it all . dignity , faith , fifteen pound ... ext . STREET - night Rob wander through the rain . rob ( v.o. ) any small idea of personal identity that I have acquire up to that point . int . some record store - day a young and catatonic Rob listlessly sort through a stack of record . rob ( v.o. ) I come to three month later , and to my surprise have flunk out of school and start work in a record store . int . rob' apartment - night Rob stand in front of he wall of music , shifting lps around between the shelf and pile on the floor as he talk to we . rob what I really learn from the Charlie debacle be that you gotta punch you weight . Charlie be out of my class : too pretty , too smart , too witty , too much . what be i? average . a middleweight . not the smartest guy in the world , but certainly not the dumbest . I have read book like the unbearable lightness of be , Angela 's ash , and Love in the time of cholera , and understand they , I think -- they be about girl , right ? -- just kid -- but I do not like they very much . my all time top five favorite book be johnny Cash 's autobiography , snow crash by Neil stevenson , Zen and the Art of motorcycle maintenance , the trouser Press guide to rock , and , I do not know , probably something by kurt vonnegut . I look through the New Yorker when my neighbor 's do with it , and I be not averse to go down to the Fine Arts to watch subtitles film , although on the whole I prefer american film . top five be blade runner , cool Hand luke , the first two godfather which we will count as one , taxi Driver , and the shine . I be okay look , average height , not skinny , not fat . my genius , if I can call it that , be to combine a whole load of averageness into one compact frame . you might say there be million like I , but there be not , really : alot of guy have impeccable music taste but do not read , alot of guy read but be really fat , alot of guy be sympathetic to woman but have stupid beard , alot of guy have a Woody Allen sense of humor but look like Woody Allen . some drink too much , some drive like asshole , some get into fight , or show off money , or do drug . I do not do any of this thing , really . if I do okay with woman it 's not because of the virtue I have , but because of the ugly flaw I do not have ... so. Charlie and I do not match . after she I be determine to never get out of my league again . int . rob' apartment - night Rob press play on the answer machine . a pleasant , older female voice be hear . it 's janet , Laura 's mother . janet ( on machine ) hello , you two . Laura , it 's you mother . you father 's angina be a little rough today and I think he would like to talk to you . no big deal . I love you two . bye . beep . liz ( on machine ) Rob , it 's Liz . just call to see , well , if you be okay . give I a ring . I be not take side . yet . lot 's of love . bye . he pull a lp from a shelf , put it on the turntable and sit back in he chair . ext . lake michigan waterfront - mos - the past the music become soundtrack to the follow scene . Rob and sarah , a thin , modestly attractive young woman , sarah , walk and talk . they seem to be emphatically complain together . rob ( v.o. ) Charlie and I do not match . Marco and Charlie match . I and Sarah , number four on the all time break - up list , match . she wear more or less the same clothes as mine , have a acceptable work knowledge of music , and she have be dumped by some asshole name Michael . he be she moment , Charlie be mine . Sarah have swear off man . I have swear off woman . it make sense to pool we loathing of the opposite sex , swear they off together , and get to share a bed with someone at the same time . int . sarah' apartment - mos - night Rob and sarah sit up in bed , stare at the television ... rob ( v.o. ) we be frighten of be leave alone for the rest of we life . only people of a certain disposition be frighten of be alone for the rest of they life at twenty - six . we be of that disposition . everything seem much later than it be . int . sarah' kitchen - mos - day rob' Pov of Sarah , sit across the table , mid-confession . rob ( v.o. ) when she tell I that she meet someone else it make no sense . her meeting someone else be contrary to the whole spirit of we arrangement . all we really have in common be that we be dumped by people , and that we be against dump . we be violently anti-dump . so how come I get dumped ? rob in he chair the music become presence again , and Rob take the needle off the record . rob you run the risk of lose anyone who be worth spend time with . but I do not know that at the time . all I see be that I would move down a division and that it still have not work out , and this seem cause for a great deal of misery and self - pity . and that 's when Laura come along . int . rob' apartment - night Rob be surround by stack of record on the floor . he look to camera . rob I be reorganize my record tonight . it 's something I do in time of emotional distress . when Laura be here I have they in alphabetical order , before that , chronologically . tonight , though , I be try to put they in the order in which I buy they . that way I can write my own autobiography without pick up a pen . pull they all off the shelf , look for revolver and go from there . I will be able to see how I get from deep purple to the Soft boy in twenty - five move . what I really like about my new system be that it make I more complicated than I be . to find anything you have to be I , or at the very least a doctor in rob-ology . if you wanna find landslide by fleetwood Mac you have to know that I buy it for someone in the fall of 1983 and then do not give it to they for personal reason . but you do not know any of that , do you ? you would have to ask I to -- the phone ring again . Rob pick it up . rob yeah ? mom hi , Rob . it 's you mother . Rob deflate a bit . rob hi , Mom . mom everything all right ? rob great . super-fantastic . mom how 's the store ? rob so so . up and down . mom you lucky Laura 's do so well . if it be not for she , I do not think either of we would ever sleep ... Rob hold he lip together with thumb and forefinger , but succumb -- rob she leave . she 's go . mom what do you mean ? where do she go ? rob how would I know ? gone. girlfriend . leave . not say where go . Laura move out . mom well call she mother . rob she just call . she do not even know . it 's probably the last time I will ever hear she voice . that 's weird , be not it ? you spend Christmas at somebody 's house , you know , and you worry about they operation and you see they in they bathrobe , and ... I dunno ... silence . rob there will be another mom and another Christmas . right ? silence ... more silence . rob hello ? anybody there ? the SOUND of soft crying rob I be all right , if that 's what 's upsetting you . mom you know that 's not what 's upsetting I . rob well it fuck should be , should not it ? mom I know this would happen . what be you go to do Rob ? rob I be go to drink this bottle of wine watch tv and go to bed . then tomorrow I will get up and go to work . mom and after that ? rob meet a nice girl and have child . I promise the next time we talk I will have it all sort out . mom I know this be go to happen . rob then what be you get so upset about ? mom what do Laura say ? do you know why she leave ? rob it 's get nothing to do with marriage , if that 's what you be get at . mom so you say . I would like to hear she side of it . rob Mom ! for the last fuck time , I be tell you Laura do not want to get marry ! she be not that kind of girl ! to use a phrase . that 's not what happen now . mom well I do not know what happen now , apart from you meet someone , you move in , she go . you meet someone , you move in , she go . silence . Rob bust . rob shut up , Mom . Rob hang up the phone . he fill up he glass again , take a swig , and slump into a chair . if there be any wind leave in Rob , it just get knock out . after a moment , he get to he foot , grab he jacket and head out the door . CUT to : ext . lounge ax club - lincoln ave . - night Rob come down the street and get in the short line to enter the club . from inside he hear a guitar , play a tune that become familiar not only to Rob , but to we . when a strong , lilt female voice begin to sing , we hear what it be : " baby I Love you Way , " by Peter frampton . Rob smile at first , but begin to darken as the verse continue . he step out of line and lean against the outside wall , listen . be he beginning to cry ? yes , he be ... CUT to : rob in he chair rob peter. frampton . that perm ! " show I the Way " ! a phenomenon base on a live album that be actually record in a studio ! what be happen ? I be get misty , choke up at a song that I have the good sense at twelve to realize be so saccharine and stupid as to be inarticulatable , until Michael bolton , that be . CUT back to : ext . lounge ax club - lincoln ave . he look around self - consciously , and pace a bit , decide whether or not to stay . he take a deep breath , and head in the door . int . lounge ax - night as Rob enter he look to the stage , where marie lasalle be stand alone with she acoustic guitar , head toward the song 's finish . Rob 's expression begin to shift from the melancholy to something else altogether . Marie be beautiful , and Marie have touch he heart . Rob navigate toward she though the small crowd as if pull by something unseen . he address we over he shoulder . rob sentimental music make you nostalgic and hopeful at the same time . Marie 's the hopeful part . Laura 's the nostalgia part . this thing happen . they happen to man , at any rate . this be why I should not be listen to pop music . as he get closer to the stage -- dick rob ! Rob look over to see Dick sit with Barry , a few foot away . he shake it off and sit with they , extend a meaningful hand to Barry , who take it . they turn back to the stage as Marie finish the song . rob I always hate this song . dick yeah . barry yeah . rob but now I kind of like it . Dick and Barry nod , then keep watch . all three of they be in they own private fantasy with Marie . dick she should not do it on " the number four with a smile . " barry be not she album call " number four with a smile ? " dick that 's what I say . barry no , no , no , you say " the number four with a smile , " and there 's no " the " at the front of the title of the album . dick it 's a reference to a chinese meal in Toronto and I think that there be a " the . " but I could be wrong . barry you can be and be wrong . they drop it , so that they eye can drift back to Marie . barry I wanna date a musician ... rob ( nod in agreement ) I wanna live with a musician . she would write song at home , ask I what she think of they , maybe even include one of we private joke in the liner note . barry ... maybe a picture of I in the liner note ... dick just in the background somewhere . marie as the song end , and she smile out over the room . the audience applaud . marie thanks , you guy , I know I be not suppose to like that song , but I do . I be gonna take a break for a second . anybody want to buy one of my tape , they be five buck up here . one of my other personality will be sell they . rob , dick , and barry barry let 's go get one . rob let 's not . dick I want a tape . Barry and Dick stand and begin to move off ... rob I do not need to go up there right now . ... and they be go . after a beat , Rob get up and follow they . foot of the stage Dick and Barry wait nervously to buy a tape , Rob just behind they . Marie process sale with polite monosyllable , until the three get up front . marie enjoy yourselves ? they dart eye to each other , then nod . marie good . ' Cause I be enjoy myself . rob good . Rob hand she a ten and she root around in a duffel bag for change ... rob so you live in Chicago now ? marie yup . not far from here , actually . barry you like it ? marie it 's okay . hey . you guy might be the sort to know . be there any good record store around here or do I have to go downtown ? Barry and Dick do not try to control themselves . they point to Rob . dick he 's get one ! barry on Clark Street ! dick a couple block ! about six ! barry we work there ! dick you would love it ! Marie laugh . marie what do you sell ? barry a little of anything that matter . rock , soul , r&amp ; B , punk rock , hip - hop , ska , new wave ... marie sound great . the line behind they be move in , and Marie smile at they and turn to someone else . they scurry back toward they table . rob what do you tell she about the shop for ? barry I do not know it be classified information . I mean , I know we do not have any customer , but I think that be a bad thing , not , like , a business strategy . Rob look over Barry at Marie . she catch he eye as she look over the room . his eye shoot to the floor . CUT to : int . record store - stock room - later Rob be go through a huge stack of use CD 's , sorting they off into different bin , bounce he head absently to the music -- the same song of Marie 's that Rob have on when Laura call last night . barry ( o.s. ) rob ! phone ! Rob reach over and hit the speaker button on the phone , still in the groove of sorting . rob Rob here . liz ( o.s. ) hey . it 's Liz . rob what 's happenin ' . liz you call this morning ? rob yeah . I just want to thank you for that message last night . it make I feel like ... like less of a asshole . liz how're you hold up ? rob actually , I be fine . I be great . last night I get to think , " you know what ? maybe it be time to move on . maybe we be just not right for each other . or maybe we be . but time will tell and at this point I be go to be fine with whatever 's mean to be . " you know ? liz yeah . like I say , I do not want to take side . and I like Laura with you . she 's more fun , more open . you guy be good together . I just wish you two could , I do not know . I do not think much of this Ian guy -- -- Dick burst in , huge - face -- dick rob. rob Liz , hold on a second -- ( turn to Dick ) what ? dick Marie lasalle be in the store ! here , she 's here , and now ! Rob freeze , he and Dick turn to the speaker , which crank Marie 's voice . Rob go to the phone and pick up the handset . rob Liz , can you hold for a second ? he hit hold . rob ( to Dick ) I will be out there ! go! ( pick up the phone ) hey , Liz , I gotta go ... tomorrow night ? great . Green mill . fine. Seven ? done . thanks . right . bye . he hang up fast , spin around to look in a crack one- foot - square crack mirror bear the logo of aerosmith that be mount on the wall , and move out into the front room and up the aisle fast toward the stereo where he turn Marie 's music off . he take a deep breath and look up , meeting she eye . rob oh. hi. Marie smile . marie ( be : music ) do not you like that ? rob no , no , I love , it 's just , think you be , you must be so sick of it ... well . he reach back and put it back on . he crack he face into a smile , then walk fast back to the stock room door . Marie watch he go . stock room where as soon as he cross the threshold he fist clench and he grimace : rob what fucking ian guy ?!! Dick come in -- dick Rob --! rob -- fuck off ! Dick back out fast . Rob lean on a wall . Barry enter -- barry we be only on the fuck list for Marie 's gig at the pulaski pub , that 's all ! all three of we . rob that 's fuck great , Barry . we can spend fifteen buck on a cab to save five each . fantastic , Barry ! barry we can take you car . rob it 's not my car , now be it ? it 's Laura 's car , and thus Laura have it . so it 's a ass-bump double - transfer bus ride through bumblefuck or a fat wad on a cab . wow. Fucking great . Barry sigh , throw up he hand and head out the door . barry jaggoff ... Barry exit . Rob seem to be have trouble stay on he foot . rob who the fuck be Ian ?! CUT to : int . rob' build be lobby - night Rob enter and walk to the mail table , look like shit . he start sifting through envelope for he . rob Laura do not know anybody call Ian . there 's no Ian at she office . she have no friend name Ian . she have never meet anyone call Ian in she whole life . although there may have be one in college -- but I be almost certain that since 1989 she have live in a ian-less universe . he slow ... and stop . his face get a little paler as he lift a letter up to he face . close - up : letter a cable service bill to a Mr. i. Raymond . rob as he look at it , divine . rob " i. Raymond . " Ray . " I . " ian . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob Mr. I Raymond . " Ray " to he friend , and , more importantly , to he neighbor . the guy who up until about six week ago live upstairs . I know it be he the moment I see the letter . I start to remember thing now : his stupid clothing , he music -- Latin , bulgarian , whatever fuck world music be trendy that week -- stupid laugh , awful cooking smell . I can not remember anything good about he at all . I never like he much then , and I fuck hate he now ... I manage to block out the worst , most painful , most disturbing memory of he until I go to bed . int . rob' apartment - night darkness . we move silently through the room , and enter the bedroom ... closer to the bed , we see Rob on he back , sheet hold clench up to he chin . he stare at the ceiling , sadly . jump CUT to almost the same shot , but it 's Rob and Laura in the bed , semi-tangled . Laura have a book in she lap . a creaking be hear . Laura 's eye go to the ceiling , and Rob sit up at attention . they look up at the light fixture , which shake a little faster , with the rhythm of the creak . someone be definitely have sex upstairs , and they be go for it . rob jeez . he go on long enough . LAURA I should be so lucky . they turn to each other and laugh . jump CUT back to Rob lie still in bed , stare at the ceiling . rob you be as abandon and as noisy as any character in a porn film , Laura . you be Ian 's plaything , respond to he touch with shriek of orgasmic delight . no woman in the history of the world be have better sex than the sex you be have with Ian in my head . rob be ian - LAURA sex nightmare - quick cut Ian mercilessly savage Laura from behind , below , and above , champagne shower , toe-sucking , and animal scream -- back to rob in bed , implode with disgust and sorrow . tear run down he cheek into he ear . rob number five -- Jackie Allen . my break up with Jackie Allen have no effect on my life whatsoever . I just slotted she in to bump you out of position , Laura . yes , you do in fact make it into the top five . welcome . and just to remind you , the list be in chronological order , not in the order of pain and suffer . int . record store - day Dick and Barry be stock the rack . Rob stand at the register , rock back and forth sort of like a idiot , to " always and forever " by the commodore . he be a mess . female voice hey . Rob look up to see a nineteen or twenty - year - old girl stand in front of he . girl do you have soul ? Rob smile bitterly at she , clearly have a different meaning in mind . rob that all depend . she kind of back away and go back to browsing . the phone ring and Rob pick it up . rob record Exchange ... how many record ... right , well if you could bring they -- okay , well , where do you live ? right ... how about now ? I can come right over ... ( Rob scribbles ) okay . he hang up and grab he jacket . Dick emerge from the back . rob ( to Dick ) some lady 's get some singles to sell . I will be back in a half -hour . Rob walk out . ext . / int . fancy lincoln park townhouse - day Rob mount the stair and ring the doorbell . the door open , revealing a too-tan woman in she late forty , in designer jeans and a T-shirt bear a rhinestone peace sign . she say nothing . rob hi . you call about the record ? she turn and walk into the house , leave the door open for he . he follow she in and through a fabulous first floor , pack with big-bucks bourgeois : rug , art , and antique : she usher Rob into a large study , and turn the light on . he miss a breath . the wall be line with mahogany case custom - build for CD , album , epicurean stereo component , a couple priceless vintage guitar -- every one of the thousand of item bear a little numbered sticker , like a museum . she point to several box on the floor , full of hundred of singles . woman that . Rob step into the room like a undeserve , and carefully drop to he knee to examine the singles , each pristine in a plastic sleeve : the original God save the Queen by the sex pistol , original otis redding , elvis presley , James Browns , Jerry Lee lewise , Beatles ... on and on . the mother lode . Rob be do the best to control the onset of hyperventilation . he dare a glance over he shoulder to she to see if this be a joke . woman what do you think ? rob it 's the best collection I have ever see . woman give I fifty buck and they be all yours . Rob 's face go funny . he look around for a hide camera . rob this be worth at least , I do not know -- woman I know what they be worth . give I fifty and get they out . rob but you must have -- woman I must have nothing . they my husband 's . rob and you must not be get along too well right now , huh ? woman he 's in Jamaica with a twenty - three - year - old . a friend of my daughter 's . he have the fuck nerve to call I and ask I to borrow some money and I tell he to fuck off , so he ask I to sell he singles collection and send he a check for whatever I go , minus a ten percent commission . which remind I . can you make sure you give I a five ? I want to frame it and put it on the wall . rob it must have take he a long time to get they together . woman year . this collection be as close as he 's ever come to a achievement . Rob look back at the record but avoid the trance . rob look . can I pay you properly ? you do not have to tell he what you get . send he forty - five buck and blow the rest . give it to charity . or something . woman that be not part of the deal . I want to be poisonous but fair . rob ( look back at the record ) look ... I ... I be sorry . I do not want to be any part of this . woman suit yourself . there be plenty of other who will . rob that 's why I be try to compromise . what about fifteen-hundred ? they be worth five time that . woman sixty . rob thirteen hundred . woman seventy -five . rob eleven-hund . that 's my lowest offer . woman and I will not take a penny over ninety . they start smile at each other . woman with eleven hundred he could come home , and that 's the last thing I want . rob I be sorry but I think you better talk to someone else . woman Fine . Rob half stand , then drop again for one last linger look . rob can I buy this otis redding single off you ? woman sure . ten cent . rob oh , come on ! let I give you ten dollar for this , and you can give the rest away for all I care . woman okay . because you take the trouble to come up here . and because you have get principle . but that 's it . I be not sell they to you one by one . CUT to : ext . fancy lincoln park townhouse - day Rob come down the stair hold he single , and walk down the street talk to camera . rob how come I end up siding with the bad guy , the man who run off to Jamaica with some nymphette ? I just get leave for someone else , so why can not I bring myself to feel whatever it be he wife be feel ? all I can see be that guy 's face when he get that pathetic check in the mail for that record , and I can not help but feel desperately , painfully sorry for he . CUT to : int . GREEN mill - night the bar where Al capone use to party , and it look about the same : color lightbulb , shadowbox , deep plush booth and a stage for jazz . Rob slump back in a booth , stir a drink with he finger . after a beat , we hear a door slam off camera , and Rob look up with a bit of fear . heavy footstep get louder and closer , until a shadow shroud Rob -- liz stand in front of he . liz motherfucker . she be enormous , and she be mad as hell . Rob reflexively shrink . rob what 's the -- hey , Liz -- liz -- no , no , no , do not even . I talk to Laura , Rob . I talk to she and she give I a little background . and you be a fuck asshole . she turn and stomp toward the door . Rob get up and follow . ext . STREET - night Rob come out of the club and follow Liz . she hear he and turn on he , punctuate with a finger in he chest . liz to think I sympathize with you for two second ! poor Rob ! Laura leave he out of nowhere for the schmuck upstairs . you let I believe that ! rob it 's true ! liz Rob ! two year ago you get Laura pregnant ; you then proceed to cheat on she ! you borrow money from she and never pay a dime back ! and then , just a few week ago , you tell she you be unhappy with she and be " kind of look around for somebody else ! " rob well she -- she turn again and keep walk , hold a defiant middle finger over she shoulder as she fade down the street . int . subway car - night Rob sit , rock slightly with the movement of the train . he stare at a old couple who do not speak to each other . rob she 's right , of course . I be a fuck asshole . I do and say that thing . but before you judge , although you have probably already do so , go off for a minute and write down the top five worst thing that you have do to you partner , even if -- especially if -- you partner do not know about they . do not dress thing up or try to explain they . just write they down in the plainest language possible ... a long beat , even five or ten second . rob pencils down . okay , so who 's the asshole now ? CUT to : int . record store - day Saturday . for the first time we see the place kind of busy . Rob watch the room . Barry be toward the back , talk to a customer . " cruel to be kind " by Nick lowe play . barry it 's almost impossible to find , especially on CD . yet another cruel trick on all of the dumbass who get rid of they turntable . but every other echo and the bunnymen album -- customer I have all of the other . barry oh really . well what about the first Jesus and Mary chain ? customer they always seem ... barry they always seem what ? they always seem really great , be what they always seem . they pick up where you precious echo leave off , and you be sit here complain about no more echo album . I can not believe that you do not own that record . that 's insane . he pluck it from the rack , and stick it in the customer 's hand , who regards it with a bit a of shame . customer well what about the new echo -- barry do not get ahead of yourself . dick be listen to a female customer , but he do not hear she voice . customer - dick Pov the army bag with a red cross on it . the ring - of - ivy tattoo around the wrist . the monkey boot . the eye shadow . dick think , calculate ... dick the interesting thing about Green Day be that so much of they music be in truth directly influence by , in my opinion , two band . female customer the clash . dick correct . the clash . but also the strangler . female customer who ? dick I think you would love the strangler ... Dick pull a strangler record and put it on the stereo . her brow furrow , and then she smile . female customer this sound great . Dick smile humbly . two people in the store turn and approach . customer be this the new Green Day ? barry still talk to he customer , who now have several CD 's in he hand . he look at Barry with a mixture of hate and adoration . barry that be perverse . do not tell anyone you do not own fuck blonde on blonde . what about Television ? customer I have a television . barry no --! Barry add more record to the customer 's stack . a few minute later - rob and dick stand behind the counter . Rob hold a CD in he hand , and survey the roam customer with a semi-serious air of authority . rob I will now sell four copy of cat and dog by the Royal trux . dick do it . do it . Rob pop the CD in and it begin to play ... he stand there with he arm fold , wait . after a moment , a customer approach . customer ( be : music ) what be this ? rob it 's the Royal trux . customer it 's great . rob I know . rob' Pov of the room . something have catch he eye : a cropped head with a leopard skin pattern surface and disappear , like nessie . Rob 's face get hot and mad . he jump out from behind the counter . rob Dick , ring the man up ... he move like a cat through the crowd . Justin see he come and counter around the middle island and head for the door . Vince appear next to he , fiddling with he belt . he see Rob now , and he and Justin bolt for the door . Rob double back . rob dick ! the door ! Dick see Vince and Justin too late . Rob be right behind they and as they get out the door , he reach ... and come up with the back half of a skateboard . ext . record store - day Rob emerge behind they , Vince 's skateboard in hand . they have enough distance to bolt , but they can not leave that board behind . rob okay , fuckos . how much be this deck worth to you , and how many CD 's do you rip off ? can you do the math ? Justin pull two CD 's out and slide they over to rob. rob ( to Vince ) and what about you , dork ? Vince pull about six , and put they down in a neutral spot . Rob pick all of they up and start look through they . dick poke he head out of the door . rob Dick , call the police , please . Vince and Justin look at each other . rob ( look through the CD 's ) eno import . sigue sigue sputnik . break beat . serge gainsbourg . ryuchi sakamoto , syd Barrett ... what 's go on here ? be you guy steal for other people now ? vince naw . that be for we . rob oh really . you two be slamm to nico now ? justin you be , like , so bigote to look at we and , like , think you know what we listen to . vince you get the CD 's so can I have my board back ? rob I think you have more . vince well we do not . rob I can not frisk you but the cop can . Justin reach down again into he baggy short and come up with a tatter old book , " how to make a record . " he toss it over . rob Jesus . that thing 's be in the bargain bin for six month ! be it just you criminal nature or what ? Hell , I would have give it to you for free . vince no , we ... justin we do not know how it work . nobody even know , so we want to check it out in that mag . Rob snort . justin like , do you know how to actually make a CD ? Rob can not resist edify they -- the curse of the underappreciate expert . rob uh , yes I , like , do ... it 's simple . you make the track -- recording studio -- deliver they to the press plant where a master be cut , the master be then dub to submaster , which be the " mother , " as they call , for each press in the plant . you press the CD 's or record , put in you cover art , and that 's it . vince record be that big round black thing , right ? rob fuck off . Rob turn to go back in the store . vince hey , can I have my board ? Rob drop it and enter the store . CUT to : int . record store - night - quick cut : Barry emerge from the back with three open bottle of beer as the last customer go out the door ... the three lean against the bin , tired and smile . barry ( to Rob ) what ? rob what do you mean , " what ? " barry what be you snicker about ? rob I be not snicker . I be smile . because I be happy . barry what be I miss ? what do you have to be happy about ? dick well we ring $ 900 today . rob yeah but more than that . I be happy because I be proud of we . because although we talent be small and peculiar , we use they to they best advantage . Dick and Barry look at each other . they almost know how to take a compliment . ext . record store - night Rob , now alone , turn the sign from " open " to " close " shut the door behind he , and pull the gate across . Laura appear from the next doorway . he jump . rob shit ! LAURA hi. rob hi. LAURA I think I could give you a lift back . rob be you come home ? LAURA yes . well , I be come over to you house to get some thing . rob my house ? Laura turn and begin walk . Rob look at camera . rob first of all : the money . the money be easy to explain : she have it and I do not , and she want to give it to I . if she have not , I would have go under . I have never pay she back because I have never be able to , and just because she 's take off and move in with some supertramp fan do not make I five grand richer . so that 's the money -- Laura 's car horn be hear . he head off . CUT to : int . laura' car - night they move down the street , and it 's a little tense . Laura push a tape into the stereo . Art garfunkel 's " Bright eye " begin to play . Rob turn away from she and make a face , but she know he 's make it . LAURA you can make all the face you want . my car . my car stereo . my compilation tape . Rob try not to speak , but -- rob how can you like Art garfunkel and marvin gaye ? it 's like say you support the Israelis and the Palestinians . LAURA it 's not like say that at all , actually , rob. Art garfunkel and marvin gaye make pop record -- rob -- make . make . marvin gaye be dead , he father shot he in -- LAURA -- whatever , and the Israelis and the Palestinians do not . Art garfunkel and marvin gaye be not engage in a bitter territorial dispute , and the Israelis and the Palestinians be . Art garfunkel and marvin gaye -- rob -- alright , alright but -- LAURA -- and who say I like marvin gaye , anyway ? he reel on she . rob hey ! marvin gaye ! " get to give it up ! " that 's we song ! marvin gaye be responsible for we entire relationship ! LAURA be that right ? I would like a word with he . rob but do not you remember ? LAURA I remember the song . I just could not remember who sing it . Rob shake he head in disbelief . LAURA I can see why you prefer gaye to garfunkel . I get it , really . but there be so many other thing to worry about . they be only record , and if one be better than the other , well , who care , besides you and Barry and Dick ? I mean really , who give a fly fuck ? silence . rob you use to care more about thing like marvin gaye than you do now . when I first meet you , and I make you that tape , you love it . you say -- and I quote -- " it be so good it make you ashamed of you record collection . " LAURA well , I like you . you be a deejay , and I think you be hot , and I do not have a boyfriend , and I want one . rob so you be not interested in music at all ? LAURA yeah , sure . more so then than I be now . that 's life though , be not it ? the car slow , and Laura park . rob but Laura ... that 's I . that 's all there be to I . there be not anything else . if you have lose interest in that , you have lose interest in everything . LAURA you really believe that ? Laura turn the engine off and unbuckle she seat belt . rob yes . look at I . look at we -- the apartment . what else do I have , other than record and CD ? LAURA and do you like it that way ? rob not really . she half smile . LAURA let 's go in . she get out of the car . Rob turn to camera , speak quietly and urgently . rob okay , number two : the stuff I tell she about be unhappy in the relationship , about half look around for someone else : she trick I into say it . we be have this state of the union type conversation and she say , quite matter - of - factly , that we be pretty unhappy at the moment , and do I agree , and I say yes , and she ask whether I ever think about meeting someone else . so I ask she if she ever think about it , and she say of course , so I admit that I daydream about it from time to time . now I see that what we be really talk about be she and Ian , and she sucker I into absolve she . it be a sneaky lawyer 's trick , and I fall for it , because she 's much smarter than I . he scramble out of the car . int . apartment - night the lock turn and Rob enter , hold the door for Laura who slip by , she coat in she hand . she glance down at the table by the door and see Ian 's envelope . rob you can take it with you if you want . she slip it into she purse . he stand face she for a moment , then cross to she , take she coat and toss it on a chair . she open the closet and take out a big laundry sack . LAURA have you tackle the great reorganization yet ? rob do not you think there be more important thing to talk about than my record collection ? she begin put book and other thing into the bag ... LAURA you bet . I have be say that for year . have no comeback , Rob go for the moral high ground . rob so . where have you be stay for the last week ? LAURA I think you know that . rob have to work it out for myself , though , do not I ? Laura look suddenly tired and sad , and look away . LAURA I be sorry . I have not be very fair to you . that 's why I come here to the store this evening . I feel terrible , Rob . this be really hard , you know . rob good. ( beat ) so . be it my job ? LAURA what ? gimme a fuck break . be that what you think ? that you not big enough a deal for I ? Jesus , gimme a little credit , Rob . rob I do not know . it 's one of the thing I think of . LAURA what be the other ? rob just the obvious stuff . LAURA what 's the obvious stuff ? rob I do not know . she stand and walk toward the bathroom . LAURA I guess it 's not that obvious , then . rob no. as soon as she shut the door behind she , he turn to camera . rob and number three : the pregnancy . I do not know she be pregnant . of course I do not . she have not tell I because I have tell she I be ... sort of ... see somebody else . we think we be be very grow - up , but we be be preposterously naive , childish even , to think that one of we could fuck around and then own up to it while we be live together . so -- I do not find out about it ' till way later . we be go through a good period and I make a crack about have kid and she burst into tear . I make she tell I what it be all about , and she do . I feel guilty and so I get angry . she tell I that at the time I do not look like a very good long - term bet . that it be a hard decision and she do not see any point in consulting I about it ... when the whole sorry tale come out in a great big -- we hear the bathroom door open . LAURA ( o.s. ) what ? rob ( cover ) what , what ? Laura come out with a toiletry bag and place it by the door . LAURA do you say something ? rob no. so . be it work out with Ian ? LAURA Rob . do not be childish . rob why be that childish ? you live with the guy ! I be just ask how it 's go . LAURA I be not live with he . I have just be stay with he for a few day until I work out what I be do . look , this have nothing to do with anyone else . you know that , do not you ? I leave because we be not exactly get along , and we be not talk about it . and I suddenly realize that I like my job , and I like what my life be could be turn into , and that I be get to a point where I want to get my shit together and I can not really see that ever happen with you , and yeah , yeah , I sort of get interested in someone else , and that go further than it should have , so it seem like a good time to go . but I have no idea what will happen with Ian in the long run . probably nothing . rob well then why do not you quit it while you seem to not be ahead ? Laura roll she eye and head off into the bedroom with the laundry bag . Rob turn back to camera . rob -- when the whole sorry tale come out in a great big lump like that , even the most shortsight jerk , even the most self - delude and self pity of jilted , wounded lover can see that there be some cause and effect go on here , that abortion and Ian and money and affair all belong to , all deserve each other . Laura reappear , she bag half - fill with clothes , and go to the book shelf next to the record . she start topping off the bag with book . LAURA look . maybe you will grow up and we will get it together , you and I . maybe I will never see either of you again . I do not know . all I know be that it 's not a good time to be live here . rob so , what , you have not definitely decide to dump I ? there 's still a chance we will get back together ? LAURA I do not know . rob well , if you do not know , there 's a chance , right ? it 's like , if someone be in the hospital and he be seriously ill and the doctor say , I do not know if he 's get a chance of survival or not , then that do not mean the patient 's definitely go to die , now do it ? it mean he might live . even if it 's only a remote possibility . LAURA I suppose so . rob so we have a chance of get back together again . LAURA oh , Rob , shut up . rob hey , I just want to know where I stand . what chance -- LAURA -- I do not fuck know what chance you fuck have ! she abandon she attempt at pack . rob well if you could tell I roughly it would help . LAURA okay , okay , we have a nine percent chance of get back together . do that clarify the situation ? rob yeah . great . LAURA ( shaking she head ) I be too tired for this now . I know I be ask a lot , but will you take off for a while so I can get my stuff pack up ? I need to be able to think while I do it and I can not think while you be here . rob no problem . if I can ask one question . LAURA Fine . one . rob it sound stupid . LAURA nevermind . rob you will not like it . LAURA just ask it ! rob be it better ? LAURA be what better ? better than what ? rob well . sex , I guess . be sex with he better ? LAURA Jesus Christ , Rob . be that really what 's bother you ? rob of course it be . LAURA you really think it would make a difference either way ? rob I do not know . LAURA well the answer be that I do not know either . we have not do it yet . rob never ? LAURA I have not feel like it . rob but not even before , when he be live upstairs ? LAURA no . I be live with you , remember ? we have sleep together but we have not make love . not yet . but I will tell you one thing . the sleep together be better . rob ( try not to smile ) the sleep together be better but not the sex because you have not do it be he yet . LAURA will you please just go ? int . apartment hallway - night Rob shut the door behind he and do a crazy Charleston / cabbage - patch / boxstep / touchdown dance of pure elation , then bounce down the stair . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Rob bounce along , a smile wider than we have see yet . maybe even jump to touch a awning . he land and tell we : rob I feel good ! I feel great ! I feel like a new man . I feel so much better , in fact -- int . weed bar - night Rob move through the room , still grin a bit like a proud new father , toward the table where Barry , Dick , Marie and t- bone sit , listen to a story t- bone be tell . Marie turn to he . rob hi , Marie . marie everything go alright ? Rob glance at Barry , who avert he gaze . rob she just want to pick up some stuff . no big thing . a relief , actually . marie God , I hate that time . that pick up stuff time . I just go through that before I come here . you know that song " patsy cline Times two " I play ? that 's about I and my ex divide up we record collection . rob it 's a great song . marie thank you . Rob glance at t- bone , he mind calculate the new info . rob be that why you come to Chicago in the first place ? because of , you know , divide up you record collection and stuff ? marie yup . Marie slide closer , turn she back on the other . the loop be close . rob you share a place with t- bone ? marie no way ! I would cramp he style . and I would not want to listen to all that stuff happen on the other side of the bedroom wall . I be way to unattach for that . rob I understand completely . series of cut - elapsed time Rob and Marie lean in to each other , everyone else out of focus . rob ( v.o. ) awhile back , Dick and Barry and I agree that what really matter be what you like , not what you be like ... rob and marie - later marie yeah , but if you hear this band call the crumbler , you would -- rob what do you mean , the crumbler ? you know the crumbler ? nobody 's hear the crumbler . except I . marie yeah , I know the crumbler ! I buy a use blaster album in New York about ten year ago and somebody leave a crumbler single in it . my everything change for a couple of week . Rob glow -- rob ( v.o. ) book , record , film -- this thing matter . call I shallow but it 's the damn truth , and by this measure I be have one of the best date of my life . rob and marie rob yeah , but you know what 's he best film and nobody 's even see it ? marie the conformist . rob exactly ! Fucking ex-actly ! marie ( laugh ) you have not even see it ! rob nor have you ! they just laugh and laugh -- rob ( v.o. ) reference , title , lyric , fly and meet each other in mid-air embrace . the evening go with breathtaking precision . int . marie' apartment - night Rob and Marie be kissing stand up . marie be you okay ? rob ( nodd ) yes . you ? marie for now . but I would not be if I think this be the end of the evening . rob I be sure it be not . marie good . in that case , I will fix we something else to drink . you stick to the whiskey or you want coffee ? rob whiskey . Marie go into the kitchen , and they keep talk around the corner . marie top off two whiskey and start into the other room where she see Rob , stand and hold he jacket . rob I would better go . I gotta get up early . go over to my parent ' . marie when I say before that I hope it be not the end of the evening , I be , you know ... talk about breakfast and stuff . she plant the whiskey firmly on the coffee table . marie I would like it if you could stay the night . rob ( as if it be dawn on he ) oh , right . alright . marie Jesus , so much for delicacy . I peg you for a master of understatement , beat around the bush and all that buzz . rob I use it but I do not understand it when other people use it . marie so you will stay ? rob yeah . marie good . Marie pick up the drink again and exit to the bedroom . Rob just stand there ... and the lighting change . rob ( to camera ) over nine million man in this country have sleep with ten or more woman . and do they all look like Richard gere ? be they all as rich as Bill Gates ? charm as oscar wilde ? Hell no . nothing to do with any of that . maybe fifty or so have one or more of this attribute , but that still leave ... well , about nine million , give or take fifty . and they be just man . regular guy . we be just guy , because I , even I , be a member of this exclusive , nine million member club . in fact , Marie be my seventeenth lover . " how do he do it ? " you ask . " he wear bad sweater , he 's grumpy , he 's break , he hang out with the musical moron twin , and he get to go to bed with a recording artist who look like Susan dey-slash - meg Ryan . what 's go on ? listen up , because I think I can explain , with all modesty aside : I ask question . that 's it . that 's my secret . it work precisely because that be not how you be suppose to do it , if you listen to the collective male wisdom . there be still enough old - style , big -mouthed , egomaniacs run around to make someone like I appear to be refreshingly different . if you can not hack this simple strategy , there be some woman out there , of course , who want to get push around , ignore and mow over , but do you really want to be with they anyway ? ...he go through a door into the bedroom . Marie be take off she earring . rob would you like I to turn the light out ? or would you like they on ? marie God , you ask a lot of question . int . marie' bedroom - morning Rob stare at the ceiling as Marie sleep on next to he . rob ( v.o. ) but in the morning we be just two people , slightly hang - over , who be not in love , share the same space . and I feel ... Rob look to the camera . rob sex be about the only grow - up thing that I know how to do ; it 's weird , then , that it 's the only thing that can make I feel like a ten -year - old . CUT back to : ext . marie' apartment - morning the two of they come out of the building and into the street . rob which way be you go ? marie ( point leave ) that way . you ? rob ( point right ) that way . marie and so it be . I will talk to you later . rob I will call you . marie ( smile ) right . int . record store - day empty . Dick price record out on the floor . Rob lean against the register . Barry sit on a stool next to he . they be top-five it . Rob 's heart be not in it . rob okay . top five side one track one . number one ... " janie Jones , " the clash , from the clash . barry ehh . rob " Thunder Road , " Bruce springsteen , from bear to run . " smell like Teen Spirit , " nirvana , nevermind . barry oh no , Rob , that 's not obvious enough . not at all . Dick , do you hear that ? rob shut up . " let 's get it on , " marvin gaye , from let 's get it on. " airbag , " radiohead , from ok Computer . barry ( sarcastic ) ooh ! a kind of recent record ! Rob 's sly declaration of new classic-status slip into a list of old classic ! Nice ! " let 's get it on ? " could not you make it more obvious than that ? dick rob. phone. ( whisper ) it 's Laura . Rob spring to he foot , take the phone and walk to the end of the cord . deep breath . rob hi. LAURA - intercut LAURA hi. I have be look for a envelope of my receipt from last month and I be think I do not take they with I . have you see they around ? rob I will look for them . how you do ? LAURA I be sorry to call , but I need that stuff ... rob Fine , I be sure it 's in the file at home . I will call you when I find it , and then we will talk . LAURA we will talk some other time . rob great ... that 's great . Rob come back to the counter and hang up the phone . barry Rob ! what about the Beatles ? what about the fuck Rolling Stones ? what about fuck ... fuck ... Beethoven ? track one side one of the fifth symphony ? you should not be allow to run a record shop . you should not be allow to -- sfx : barry voice fade out . Rob 's mouth slack and he stare off . rob ( v.o. ) there 's something different about the sound of she voice ... and what do she mean last night , she have not sleep with he yet . yet . what do " yet " mean , anyway ? " I have not see ... evil Dead ii yet . " what do that mean ? it mean you be go to go , do not it ? sfx : back to the room . barry -- you be like a little squirrel of music , store away dead little nut of old garbage music , musical lint , old shit , shit , shit -- rob -- Barry , if I be to say to you I have not see evil Dead ii yet , what would that mean ? Barry just look at Rob . he pull out a game Boy and begin play . rob just ... come on , what would it mean to you ? that sentence ? " I have not see evil Dead ii yet ? " barry to I , it would mean that you be a liar . you see it twice . once with Laura -- oop -- once with I and Dick . we have that conversation about the possibility of the guy make ammo off -screen in the fourteenth century . rob yeah , yeah , I know . but say I have not see it and I say to you , " I have not see evil Dead ii yet , " what would you think ? Barry shut off the game Boy . barry I would think you be a cinematic idiot . and I would feel sorry for you . rob no , but would you think , from that one sentence . that I be go to see it ? barry I be sorry , Rob , but I be struggle here . I do not understand any part of this conversation . you be ask I what I would think if you tell I that you have not see a film that you have see . what be I suppose to say ? rob just listen to I . if I say to you -- barry " -- I have not see evil Dead ii yet , " yeah , yeah , I hear you -- rob would you ... would you get the impression that I want to see it ? barry well ... you could not have be desperate to see it , otherwise you would have already go ... Rob brighten . Barry finally consider . barry ... but the word " yet ... " yeah , you know what , I would get the impression that you want to see it . otherwise you would say you do not really want to . rob but in you opinion , would I definitely go ? barry how the fuck be I suppose to know that ? you might get sick of people tell you you have really gotta go see the movie . Rob darken . rob why would they care ? barry because it 's a brilliant film . it 's funny , violent , and the soundtrack kick fuck ass . they look at each other for a strange moment . barry I never think I would say this , but can I go work now ? rob let 's pack it up . we have not have a customer in four hour . Barry stand . barry Fine by I . I still want pay to 7 o'clock . rob ha. dick I can not go to the club tonight , guy . barry why ? Dick smile sheepishly . barry who be you go to see ? dick nobody . Barry 's eye widen . barry Rob , looky looky . Dick ! be you get some ?! silence . barry un-fuck - believable . Dick 's out on a hot date , Rob 's bone Marie lasalle , and the best -look and most intelligent of all of we be not get anything at all . rob how do you know about that ? barry oh come on , Rob . what be I , a idiot ? I be more bother by Dick 's thing . how do this happen , Dick ? what rational explanation can there possibly be ? what 's she name ? Barry be go a little hard . Dick shrink back . dick Anna . barry Anna who ? Anna Green gable ? Anna conda ? dick Anna moss . barry Anna moss . mossy . the mossy thing . the swamp thing . be she all green and furry ? rob shut the fuck up , Barry . barry yeah , you would say that , would not you ? you two have to stick together now . boner United . United in get some . Barry pick up he bag and head for the door . rob do not be sad , Barry . you will find true love someday . barry suck my ass . rob terrific . Rob look to Dick , who look guilty . rob do not worry about it , Dick . Barry 's a asshole . dick yeah ... well ... I will see you tomorrow , Rob . Dick exit . Rob watch the door close behind he , and look out over the empty store . he talk to camera as he go to the light switch and begin shutting they off , one by one ... rob why do it bother Barry that much that Dick be see someone ? he 's worried about how he life be turn out , and he 's lonely , and lonely people be the bitterest of they all . ... until all the light be out . Rob 's silhouette slip out the door . ext . STREET - night a downpour be on . Rob have himself wedge into a phone booth , the little kind . rob ( into phone ) hi. it 's I ... I be right outside ... I know ... I know ... I figure I could just walk you to the train and you could go ... home . or whatever it be ... no ! of course not -- okay . I will be right here . ext . office build Rob stand under the overhang , watch Laura walk the long hallway from the elevator to the door . rob ( v.o. ) Laura look different . less stress - out , more in control . something have happen , maybe something real , or maybe something in she head . whatever it be , you can see that she think she 's start out on some new stage in she life . she have not . I be not go to let she . she emerge from door , say something to he and they start walk , share she umbrella . int . olde towne ale house - night Rob and Laura have just sit down in a booth . LAURA so , how be you ? rob have you sleep with he yet ? LAURA I tell you I sleep with he . rob no , not -- I mean have you , you know -- LAURA be that why you want to see I ? rob I guess . LAURA oh , Rob . what do you want I to say ? rob I want you to say that you have not , and I want it to be the truth . she look past he . LAURA I can not do that . she start to say something else but Rob be up and out . ext . STREET - night Rob push through the rush hour raincoat , seem to be the only one go he way . int . rob' apartment - night Rob be soaking , slump in he chair , he headphone on and the stereo light up behind he . he talk a little loud , due to the headphone . rob tonight we be gonna figure out the five best angry song about woman . let 's go ... he hold up a stack of record and CD . rob you kind of have to start with elvis costello , but where ? " Motel match ? " " I want you ? " " I hope you be happy now ? " " Green shirt ? " his record should be seal in case that say " in case of vicious betrayal , smash glass . " " where do you sleep last night , " sure , but by Robert Johnson or by nirvana ? maybe a Liz phair track . there be a couple to get angry at instead of be angry with . some devil 's advocate stuff . the Silver Jews could be good when you be ready to start put it all behind you ... but I think we be get ahead of ourselves there . ah. Dylan . Bob fuck Dylan . now Bob Dylan would -- the phone ring . he pull off he headphone and pick it up but say nothing . LAURA ( o.s. ) you must have know it would happen . you could not have be entirely unprepare . like you say , I have be live with the guy . we be bound to get around to it sometime . she laugh a bit nervously . LAURA ( o.s. ) ( machine ) and anyway , I keep try to tell you , that 's not really the point , be it ? the point be we get ourselves into a awful mess , Rob ... be you there ? what be you think ? rob ( barely a whisper ) nothing . LAURA ( o.s. ) we can meet for another drink if you want . so I can explain it better . I owe you that much . rob look , I gotta go . I work too , you know . LAURA ( o.s. ) will you call I ? rob I do not have you number . LAURA ( o.s. ) call I at work . we can arrange to meet properly . I do not want this to be the last conversation we have . I know what you be like . rob you do , huh . he hang up and stare at the wall for awhile . he get a beer from the fridge and sit back down . he pick up the phone and dial . rob yes , a residence , a Mr. Ian Raymond , North side ... thank you . he write down a number and hang up , then look to camera . rob you know the worst thing about be reject ? the complete lack of control due to loss of control . he pick up the phone and dial , while continue to talk to we -- rob if I could only control the when and how of be dumped by somebody then it would not seem as bad . but then , of course -- he hang up quickly -- rob -- it would not be rejection , would it ? it would be mutual consent . it would be musical difference . I would be pursue a solo career . CUT to : ext . ian' apartment - night Rob be tuck into a phone booth across the street . he can see the silhouettes of Laura and Ian in the window . he pick up the phone , drop a quarter , and hit the number hard as he dial ... a muffle male " hello ? " be hear and Rob hang up . he do it again . and again . and again . until -- int . ian' apartment - intercut still a unpack box or two , but it 's set up : a frame " woodstock - the Movie " poster , stack of new fiction , a bread maker -- you get the idea . Ian be short than Laura , scruffier than Rob , and look not unlike Leo sayer / Steve guttenberg . he stare at Laura with amused exasperation . she pick up the phone -- LAURA hello . rob it 's I . LAURA I figure it be . ( be : traffic noise ) where be you ? rob I think the big question here be where be you , if you do not mind my say so , and I think I know where you be . you be run . on the run . you be run from a point that everyone hit in any relationship , and you be just go to hit it again with Ian but it 's go to be with a World Music bunny - rabbit-look earth - shoe-wear " Doctor who " - watch twit who do not really understand you , not the way that I do and will more in the future , and you will have just waste more time and arrive in the exact same place that you be in now , only later . and with ... he . LAURA I be not -- hold on ... she walk into another room , shutting the door behind she . on a bookshelf be a picture of a young Ian in a tunic , emote on some college stage . she turn it face down . LAURA I be not in love with Ian , okay ? she wander over to the window , look out absently . she see Rob down there at the phone booth . rob be you still in love with I ? LAURA Jesus . I do not know . I will talk to you later . rob think about what I say . I mean , if you want to experiment , or whatever -- LAURA ( indignant ) I be not experiment . why do not you go experiment . rob I do not want to . do not need to . I love you . LAURA you do not ever think about other people ? rob no ... not really ... I mean , I think about it ... but no , I do not really think about it . ian ( o.s. ) ( through the door ) Laura ? be you okay ? LAURA ( cover the mouthpiece , to Ian ) I be fine ... ( to Rob ) I gotta go . Goodbye . she click the phone off . the door crack and Ian stick he head in . ian be you sure you be okay ? she move past he back into the apartment . LAURA yeah , I be fine . I be off the phone . ian you look upset . LAURA I be upset , but I be fine . ian maybe I should talk to he . LAURA mmmm , no . not a good idea . ian Conflict resolution be my job , Laura . LAURA nothing to resolve , Ian . let 's get a drink . she grab she coat and open the door . the phone begin to ring . LAURA ( wave toward the door ) c'mon , c'mon . ext . ian' apartment Rob stand on the sidewalk in the rain , Ian 's building behind he and down a few door . rob I wish I could be one of that guy who do not call , the kind of guy that get break up with and appear not to give a shit . he do not make a ass out of himself , or frighten anybody , and this week I have do both of that thing . one day Laura 's sorry and guilty , and the next she 's scared and angry , and I be entirely responsible for the transformation , and it do not do my case any good at all . I would stop if I could but I -- his head turn at the sharp SOUND of a door open -- Ian and Laura be come out of the building . he jump behind a tree , peer around it as they fade down the street . int . GREEN mill - night Rob sit alone , nursing a scotch . Rob look up into the mirror behind the bar and see a older woman , mrs . ashworth , sit alone a few stool down . rob do I know you ? alison' mom I do not know . Rob remember , and he gaze have a new find seriousness . rob you be Mrs. ashworth . I be Rob . a old boyfriend of you be daughter 's . alison 's Mom 's brow furrow and she face darken . rob alison' . alison be mom really . rob Long time ago . I be just think about she . I be she first boyfriend . alison be mom what do you say you name be ? rob rob. Rob Gordon . circa junior high ... alison be mom I hate to quibble with you Rob , but she marry she first boyfriend . Kevin bannister . rob you gotta be kid I . alison be mom that 's right . Kevin . she 's Mrs. Kevin bannister . she life in Australia . she do not seem too happy that alison life in Australia . Rob be thrilled . rob really ? married Kevin ? her junior high sweetheart ... what chance would I have have against that ? none , no chance . that 's just fate . alison' mom I beg you pardon ? rob technically , I be number one . I go out with she a week before Kevin do . her first boyfriend . me. she stand . alison be mom well Rob , I will tell she you say hello . if she remember you . alison 's Mom stroll out . rob ( call after she ) I think she will . but it 's okay if she do not . I be fine now . Rob turn to the bartender , smile giddily . ext . STREET - night Rob walk through uptown toward the train . rob and suddenly I be fine . for the moment there be not one extra pound on my chest . this be fate . alison marry Kevin . you get it ? that 's fate . that 's get nothing to do with I , that be beyond my control , beyond my fault ... CUT to : rob in he chair Rob into camera , digging through a box , fishing through picture and letter , concert ticket and other memento . he begin to assemble a small pile of picture of woman . rob I want to see the other on the Big top five . penny , who would not let I touch she and then go and have sex with that bastard Chris Thompson . Sarah , my partner in rejection who reject I , and Charlie , who I have to thank for everything : my great job , my sexual self - confidence , the work . there 's this springsteen song , " Bobby Jean , " off bear in the USA . about a girl who 's leave town year before and he 's piss off because he do not know about it , and he want to say goodbye , tell she that he miss she , and wish she good luck . well , I would like my life to be like a springsteen song . just once . I know I be not bear to run , and it 's clear that halsted Street be nothing like Thunder Road , but feeling can not be that different , can they ? I would like to call up all that people and ask they how they be and whether they have forgiven I , and tell they that I have forgiven they . and say good luck , goodbye . no hard feeling . and then they would feel good and I would feel good . we would all feel good . I would feel clean , and calm , and ready to start again . that would be good . great even . CUT back to : int . rob' apartment - night Rob hold a old crumpled address book in one hand and the phone in the other . rob penny hardwick ? this be Rob Gordon ... from High school ... yeah . ext . movie theater - night Rob and penny walk out of the theater mid-conversation . they look happy as they walk down the street . rob ( v.o. ) penny be as beautiful as she be in high school when I break it off with she because she would not sleep with I . in fact she 's even more beautiful , and really grow into herself . int . restaurant - night a mid-scale trattoria . Rob and penny sit at table laugh and talk . if we do not know better we might think there be chemistry . rob ( v.o. ) she tell I about she life , and I get it . and I tell about mine , and she 's interested . close - up -- rob talking rob ( v.o. ) and then , with no real explanation , I just launch into it : I tell she about Laura and Ian , and Charlie and Marco , and about alison ashworth and Kevin bannister ... rob ... and you want to sleep with Chris Thompson instead of I , and ... and I think you could help I understand why it keep happen , why I be doom to be leave , doom to be reject and ... he slow to a stop . we see penny as she go from happy to livid . penny Rob . I be crazy about you . I want to sleep with you , one day , but not when I be sixteen . when you break up with I -- when you break up with I -- because I be , to use you charming expression , tight , I cry and cry and I hate you . and then that little shitbag ask I out , and I be too tired to fight he off , and it be not rape because I say okay , but it be not far off . and I do not have sex with anyone else until after college because I hate it so much . and now you want to have a chat about rejection ? well , fuck you , Rob . penny stand and leave . Rob just sit . rob ( cheerful ) so that 's another one I do not have to worry about . I should have do this year ago . Rob indicate to a off-screen waiter . rob check ... rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob Sarah 's easy to find . she still send I Christmas card with she address and phone number on they . they never say anything else , except for " merry Christmas , Love Sarah . " I send she equally blank one back . int . apartment build hallway - night - rob' Pov of a door open , revealing Sarah , a few year older but still pretty in she mousey way . she look at Rob with a bit too much in she eye . int . carmen' pizza - night Rob and Sarah face each other over a half - eat pizza . sarah I can not believe I leave you for he ... crazy . Sarah look down at she plate , shaking she head , blush . Rob look uncomfortable . this be more than he be look for . rob well ... probably seem like a good idea at the time . she look up again ... sarah probably . I can not remember why , though . ... and back down again . rob ( v.o. ) I have not get the heart for the rejection conversation . there be no hard feeling here , and I be glad that she ditch I , and not the other way around . int . / ext . apartment build hallway - night Sarah , in the doorway , smile painfully . it 's clear she do not want to shut the door , but she do . Rob turn and walk down the hall toward the door to the street as he talk to camera . rob I could have end up have sex back there . and what better way to exorcize rejection demon than to screw the person who reject you , right ? but you would not be sleep with a person . you would be sleep with a whole sad single - person culture . it would be like sleep with talia shire in " Rocky " if you be not Rocky . int . rob' apartment - night close - up : phone book as Rob 's finger move down the column , then stop . Rob look up with a little shock , almost recoil from the phone book . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob Charlie 's in the fuck phone book . she have come to assume such a importance , I feel she should be live on Mars . she 's a extraterrestrial , a ghost , a myth , not a person with a answer machine , in the phone book ... I call and hang up on she voice mail a couple of time , then I leave my name and number and throw in a " long time - no - see ... " I do not hear anything back from she for a few day . now that 's more like it , if you be talk about rejection : someone who will not even return you phone message a decade after she reject you . int . record store - day Rob hear the door open as he stock shelf , and turn . it 's Ian . Rob react , gunfighter eye . rob can I help you ? ian hello , rob. remember I ? I be Ray . ian. Rob say nothing . ian I think maybe we should talk . sort a few thing out ? Rob be disorient on the way to angry . Dick and Barry 's ear perk up . rob what need sorting out ? ian come on , Rob . my relationship with Laura have obviously disturb you a great deal . rob funnily enough I have not be too thrilled about it . ian we be not talk jokey understatement here , Rob . we be talk actionable harassment . ten phone call a night , hang around outside my house ... rob yeah , well , I have stop all that now . ian we have notice and we be glad . but , you know ... how be we go to make peace here ? we want to make thing easier for you . what can we do ? obviously I know how special Laura be , and I know thing can not be good for you at the moment . I would hate it if I lose she . but I would like to think that if she decide she do not want to see I anymore , I would respect that decision . do you see what I be say ? rob yeah . ian good . so shall we leave it at that then ? rob I dunno . ian think about it , Rob . CUT to fantasy # 1 : Rob look sure of himself , righteous . ian good . so shall we leave it at that then ? rob I have already leave it , you pathetic rebound fuck ! now get you patchouli stink out of my store . Ian leave , rattle . CUT to fantasy # 2 : same thing . ian good . so shall we leave it at that then ? rob we will not leave it , Ian . not ever . Rob spring toward Ian , but Barry block he way . Dick help hold Rob back . dick do not do it , Rob ! barry he 's not worth it ! Rob reach a point finger over Barry 's shoulder . rob leave town . leave the country , you little bitch , because you be gonna look back on walk by the house and ten phone call a night as a golden age . get ready , mutherfucker . Ian trip backward and scurries out the door . CUT to fantasy # 3 : Rob , Dick , and Barry just beat the live shit out of Ian , rodney King style . Ian lie on the floor try to cover himself . Dick , already out of breath , break from the pack and jerk the air conditioner from the wall and heft it over he head , prepare for the death blow . CUT back to reality ian so shall we leave it at that then ? rob I dunno . ian think about it , Rob . Ian walk out . Rob look spend . he shuffles toward the back of the store . int . record store - back room - day Rob be lay on he back , stare at the ceiling . Dick stick he head in the door . dick phone , rob. somebody name Charlie . Rob pull the phone into the bathroom and shut the door . bathroom Rob curl up with the phone . rob hello ? int . charlie' house - intercut Charlie look even better than when we see she in college . charlie Rob , hi , so sorry I miss you call . in LA on business . you know how it get . rob yeah , sure ... charlie good. great. yeah ... wow. Rob Gordon . seem like a 100 million year ago now . rob yeah . a billion . right ... how be you ? charlie fantastic but I be a little busy right now . listen . do you want to come to dinner Saturday ? I be have some friend over and I need a spare man . be you a spare man ? rob uh...yes , at the moment . charlie great . gotta go . see you then . int . charlie' dine room series of shot over the course of dinner sexy version of a hip wine commercial : a small mid-thirty crowd of successful , beautiful people . Rob sit at the table silently as the other guest talk and eat . Rob 's central activity be work he way through maybe a few too many wine make sure he cigarette smoke do not get in anyone 's face . his eye occasionally dart around the table , but he say nothing to anyone . CUT to : int . charlie' live room - later Rob be a little too settle into the couch , somewhat bleary . everyone go but the two of they , Charlie plop down into a chair across from Rob . rob hey Charlie . charlie hey Rob . rob why do you break up with I for Marco ? charlie ( on she foot ) fuck ! I know it ! you be go through one of that what - do - it - all - mean thing . rob huh ? charlie there 's be a rash of they , recently . I find it a little unnerve . in fact Marco call a few month back , and he want to see I , and rehash the past as they say , and I be not really up for it . do all man go through this ? rob c'mon , just answer the question . you can say what you like . what the hell ? Charlie look off at a corner of the ceiling , muster a look of " contemplation . " charlie it 's all kind of lose in the ... in the dense mist of time now ... it be not that I really like Marco more . in fact I think you be more , shall we say , attractive than he . it be just that he know he be good - look and you do not , and that make a difference somehow . you use to act as if I be weird for want to spend time with you , and that get kind of beat , if you know what I mean . you self - image start to rub off on I and I end up think that I be strange . and I know that you be kind and thoughtful ... you make I laugh , and I dig the way you get consume by thing you love ... and Marco seem a bit more , I do not know , glamorous ? more sure of himself ? ( pause ) less hard work , because I feel like I be drag you around , sort of . ( pause ) a little sunnier . sparkier . ( pause ) I do not know . you know what people be like at that age . they make very superficial judgement . do you think that 's superficial ? he be a clown , if it 's any consolation . rob do you tell that to Marco when he do he what - do -it- all - mean thing with you ? charlie oh God , no . I do not want to hurt he feeling . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob I want the work and I get it . none of alison ashworth 's fate , none of Sarah 's rewrite of history , and no reminder that I would get all the rejection stuff a little backward , like I do about penny . just a perfectly clear explanation of why some people have it and some do not . all I have learn from Charlie be that maybe my one talent , my genius for be normal , be a little overrate . CUT to : int . record store - day Rob enter the already open store , in a bad mood , to find Barry put up a poster . it read : " barrytown / appear Saturday night / bucktown pub " barry hey . rob what the fuck be that ? barry my band . rob what band ? barry the band that find I and ask I to join . rob you be not in a band , Barry . you be not a musician . and no poster . barry thanks for you support , rob. really appreciate it . rob barrytown . barrytown ? be there no end to you arrogance ? barry I do not make up the name . it 's the steely Dan song . and it be in the commitment . rob you can not be call Barry and sing in a group call barrytown . barry they be fuck call that before I be in it , okay ? it be not my idea . rob that 's why you get the gig , be not it ? Barry say nothing . rob be not it ? barry that be one of the reason they ask I to join originally , yes . but -- rob great ! that 's fuck great ! they only ask you to sing because of you name ! you can stick it above the browser rack over there . barry how many ticket can I put you down for ? rob none. Christ ! barry you be not even come ? rob of course I be not come . do I look like I would want to listen to some terrible experimental racket play in some hideous cave ? where be it ? ( look at the poster ) the fuck bucktown pub ? ha ! barry so much for friend , then . you be a bitter bastard , Rob , you know that ? rob bitter ? because I be not in barrytown ? you should be shot like a lame horse , you jerk . ( be : the poster ) just keep that out of my window . int . rob' apartment - night Rob open the door to find Laura fill a duffel bag in the live room . LAURA I call and call but you be out . I think I would be go before you get back . rob be that the last of it ? LAURA yep . I might have miss some stuff . I be so use to some thing be here that I do not even notice they . rob that look heavy . where 's Ian ? LAURA he 's at home . listen , I can not believe he go to the store . I be mortify , actually . I be really sorry . he have no right to do that , and I tell he so . rob it be kind of funny . they smile . LAURA I be sure . rob you still together ? go all right ? LAURA I do not really want to talk about it , to be honest . rob that bad , eh ? LAURA you know what I mean . Rob flop onto the couch and survey the room . rob it 's a dump , be not it ? Laura sit down , on the other side of the couch . LAURA fix it up . it will make you feel better . rob I will bet you can not remember what you be do here , can you ? I mean , how much be you make now ? sixty ? seventy ? and you be live in this shitty place . LAURA you know I do not mind . and it 's not as if Ray 's place be any better . rob I be sorry , but can we get this straight ? what be he fuck name , Ian or Ray ? what do you call he ? LAURA Ray . I hate Ian . rob I hate he too . so I just call he " mavis . " or " sissyboy . " or " mavis the sissyboy . " Laura start laugh , lay on the couch on she back , very close to Rob . Rob lean in , sort of look down into she eye . rob this be where you be suppose to say that you have not laugh this much in age , and then you see the error of you way . LAURA you make I laugh much more than Ray do , if that 's what you be get at . but I already know you could make I laugh . it 's everything else I do not know about . rob you know I be a good person . LAURA mmm hmm . rob you know that I can cook my ass off when I feel like it . LAURA oh ho , so very infrequently . he move a little closer . rob you know my favorite beverage be you bath water . she laugh . he move in , not really try to kiss she but leave the door open for she ... she almost go for it , but instead get to she foot . LAURA time to go . she go to she bag . Rob point to a pile of CD . rob do not forget you CD . LAURA that be not mine . rob sure they be . LAURA they be not really , though , be they ? I know you buy they for I , and that be really sweet of you , but that be when you be try to turn I into you . I can not take they , I know they would just sit around stare at I , and I would feel embarrassed by they and ... they do not fit in with the rest of what 's mine , do you understand ? that sting record you buy for I ... that be a present for I . I like sting and you hate he . but the rest of this stuff ... ( bend down to the pile ) who the hell be Nick lowe ? or Gram parson ? or the boredom ? I do not know this people . I ... rob okay , okay . I get the picture . LAURA I be sorry to go on about it . but , I do not know , there 's a lesson here somewhere , and I want to make sure you get it . rob I get it . you like sting but you do not like Gram parson , because you have never hear of he . LAURA you be be deliberately obtuse . rob I guess I be . LAURA well , think about it . she heft the duffel bag , open the door and exit . rob fuck . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to the camera . rob what 's the point in think about it ? if I ever have another relationship , I will buy she , whoever she be , stuff that she oughta like but do not know about -- that 's what new boyfriend be for . and hopefully I will not borrow money from she , or have a affair , and she will not need to have a abortion or run away with the neighborhood , and then there will not be anything to think about . Laura do not run off with Ian because I buy she CD she be not that keen on , and to pretend otherwise be just ... just ... psychowank . if she think that , then she 's miss the brazilian rainforest for the twig . if I can not buy the plastic people of the Universe 's first album for new girlfriend , then I might as well give up , because I be not sure I know how to do anything else . CUT to : ext . STREET - morning Rob walk toward the record store , and look into a starbuck 's window he pass . he stop for a second , see Ian at the counter , chat merrily with the espresso jockey . Rob keep walk . int . record store - back room - day Rob toss he coat down and pick up the phone and dial ... LAURA ( o.s. ) ( muffle , almost a whisper ) hello . rob hey , how ya doin ' ? no answer . rob guess who I just see , right by my store ? ian. in starbuck 's . neat , huh ? LAURA ( o.s. ) I can not talk right now . rob God , that 's a cold and a half . maybe you should bet back in bed . no response . rob be you alright ? LAURA ( o.s. ) pigsty . rob do not worry about it . just get into bed . worry about that when you be better . LAURA ( o.s. ) pig die . rob who the fuck 's pig ? LAURA ( o.s. ) ( louder ) my dad die . my dad , my dad . she hang up . front room Rob come out of the back , in a daze . Dick and Barry notice . barry what 's up ? rob Laura . her dad die . barry ooh . drag . Barry go back to he comic book and burrito . dick I be sorry , Rob , that 's , it 's -- rob you be a horrible person , Barry . I mean it . Barry look up at he , shrug , then get a idea . barry hey . top five song about death . a Laura 's dad tribute list . nobody can help think about it . barry okay , okay -- " leader of the pack . " the guy fuck crack up on a cycle and die right ? " Dead man 's Curve , " Jan and Dean ... dick do you know that after that song be record , Jan himself crash he -- barry -- it be Dean , you fuck idiot . rob it be Jan , and it be a long time after -- barry whatever . okay . " tell Laura I Love her . " that would bring the house down . Laura 's mom could sing it . rob fuck off , Barry . barry I would want " one step Beyond " by madness . and " you can not always get what you want . " rob because it 's in the Big chill . barry have not see it . rob liar . we see it in the lawrence kasdan double - bill with body heat . barry oh. right . but I would forget about that . I be not bite the idea . rob not really . the phone ring . Rob pick it up . rob record Exchange . intercut - ian' apartment Laura be curl up on the couch . Dick and Barry keep list . LAURA I be sorry . rob no , no . when be you go home ? LAURA in a minute . when I get it together . barry ( to Dick ) what about sabbath ? or nirvana ? they be into death . Rob try to signal to they to shut up but they do not see he . he move as far away as the cord will let I . rob can I do anything ? dick " abraham , Martin , and John . " that 's a nice one . barry " somebody 's gonna die " by blitz . " Bella lugosi 's Dead , " bauhaus . it 's get that creepy Halloween feel . LAURA no. no. Mom want you to come to the funeral . it 's on Friday . rob I ? LAURA my dad like you . and Mom never tell he we would split , because he be not up to it and ... oh , I do not know . I do not really understand it . I think she think he will be able to see what 's go on . it 's like ... ( small laugh ) he 's be through so much , what with die and everything , that she do not want to upset he any more than she have to . rob do you want I to be there ? LAURA I do not care . as long as you do not expect I to hold you hand . Rob be silent . LAURA look , be you come or not ? rob yes , of course . LAURA Liz will give you a lift . she know where to go and everything ... I do not have time to talk , Rob . I have get too much to do . rob sure . I will see you on Friday . she hang up . barry ( to the tune of " candle in the wind " ) " Goodbye Laura 's dad / blah blah la di da di da / ( belting it out ) seem to I / you live you life / like a dentist in the wind ... Rob stomp toward Barry , who jump over the counter to keep sing -- int . liz' car - day thunderclaps and rain . Rob be in a somber suit , look through the windshield wiper as Liz drive . rob so the minister say nice thing , and then , what , we all troop outside and they bury he ? liz it 's a crematorium . rob you be kid . a crematorium ? Jesus . liz what difference do it make ? rob be Ray go ? liz no . they do not know he . and Ken like you . Rob , Ken do not die for you benefit , you know . it 's like everybody 's a support actor in the film of you life story . rob be not that how it be for everybody ? int . chapel two Liz and Rob sit in the back of the dark , smallish nondenominational room . at the front be a coffin , rest on a stand . Laura , she young sister jo , and she mother sit in the front row , listen to the minister . minister ... now and forever , amen . he nod " offstage , " and a muffle mechanical noise be hear . the coffin begin to lower through a trap door beneath it . a low , baleful human howl be hear , start quietly but gain in volume . rob ( v.o. ) I hear something in Laura 's voice , but I know what it be , and at that moment I want to go to she and offer to become a different person , to remove all trace of what be I , as long as she will let I look after she and try to make she feel better ... int . chapel parlor Rob stay back , watch mourner approach Laura and she mother , hugging they . after awhile , Laura see Rob through the throng , hang back . she break through and to he , hold he close for a long time ... rob ( v.o. ) ... and when she let 's go of I , I feel I do not need to become a different person . it 's happen already . int . laura' parent ' house - afternoon a cozy old victorian house , full of thing -- furniture , painting , ornament , plant -- which do not go together but which have obviously be choose with care and taste . Rob and Liz stand , drink wine . jo approach they . liz ( to jo ) how be you ? jo I be all right , I suppose . and Mom 's not too bad . but Laura ... I dunno . liz she 's have a pretty rough few week already , without this . it 's hard when you be put all of you effort into one part of you life and it do not work out . she glance at Rob , embarrassed . rob ( sincere ) do not mind I . no problem . just pretend you be talk about somebody else . jo smile , Liz give he a look . liz we be talk about somebody else . Laura . Laura and Ray , actually . Rob begin to turn red . anger , sorrow , everything else building . rob enough , Liz . liz enough of what ? rob ( get louder ) I know I can not speak now because Laura 's father die , and I just have to take it because otherwise I be a bad guy , with the emphasis on guy , self - center . well , I be fuck not , not all the time , anyway , I be really sorry jo. ( lowering he voice ) but you know , Liz ... I can either stick up for myself or believe everything you say about I and end up hat myself . and maybe you think I should , but it 's not much of a life , you know ? liz maybe I have be a little unfair . but be this really the time ? rob only because it 's never the time . I can not go on apologize my whole life , you know ? liz if by " we " you be refer to man , then I have to say that just the once would do . Rob look around the room , beginning to hyperventilate and near tear . he see Laura in a corner of the room surround by four or five mourner . he cross to they and break through to she . rob I be sorry . he break away from she and slip out the front door . ext . suburban STREET - afternoon so darken by weather that it be almost night , raining torrent and big sheet . Rob emerge from the front door of Laura 's parent ' house and begin walk down the street , hand thrust into he pocket . the rain almost immediately soak he . ext . another STREET in the distance , Rob run toward we . as he get to we we move with he down the street . he be drench . we hear the rain , and he rag breath . headlights appear behind he and backlight he , get brighter as the sound of a engine get louder . Rob take a look over he shoulder , look desperately leave and right , and vault himself over a small brick wall and into a flower bed , landing on he back in the black wet earth . the big drop of rain splash mud on he face , and he burrow deeper into the dirt and flower with he back , panting and stare up at the sky . off -camera the car engine catch up , and a door open and shut . he sigh and shut he eye ... he open he eye again , to see Laura 's face , wet as well , stare down at he . it be difficult to distinguish rain from tear . LAURA be you go to lie in that flower bed all night ? rob uh ... no. but Rob keep lie there . Laura pull herself to a sit position on the wall just above he . LAURA you be soaking . rob mmnn. LAURA you be also a idiot . Rob pull he muddy self to he foot and sit on the wall next to she . rob I can see why you say that . look , I be sorry . I really be . the last thing I want be ... that 's why I leave , because ... I lose it , and I do not want to blow my top in there , and ... look , the reason I fuck everything up be because I be scared . I just want you to know , that 's all . LAURA thank you . I appreciate it . I can not reciprocate . rob what do you mean ? LAURA I do not mess thing up because I be scared . I sleep with Ray because I be sick of you . and I need something to snap I out of it . rob sure , I understand . look , I do not want to take up any more of you time . you get back , and I will wait here for a bus . LAURA I do not want to go back . rob what do you want to do ? LAURA c'mon . they swing they leg over the wall and walk to Laura 's vw . int . laura' car - night they drive sort of aimlessly through Laura 's old neighborhood . Laura see something on she leave , and make a sudden turn up a narrow road through some overgrown tree . they come to a stop in a formerly paved clear , look out on a field with a old abandon school on the other side . Laura shut down the engine . rob when be you go back ? LAURA I do not know . sometime . later . listen , Rob , would you have sex with I ? rob what ? LAURA I want to feel something else than this . it 's either that or I go home and put my hand in the fire . unless you want to stub cigarettes out on my arm . rob I have only get a couple leave . I be save they for later . LAURA it will have to be sex , then . she pull herself over he , staddle he in the passenger seat and kissing he neck . she pause and regards he from above . LAURA hello . it do not seem so long ago that I look at you from here . rob hi. LAURA I know there be a reason I wear a skirt today . Laura reach down and unzip he pants , as they keep kissing . rob you know , with Ray ... LAURA oh , Rob , we be not go to go through that again . rob no , no . it 's not ... be you still on the pill ? LAURA yes , of course . there 's nothing to worry about . rob I do not mean that . I mean ... be that all you use ? Laura look at he , motionless , then begin to cry . rob look , we can do other thing . LAURA I live with you . you be my partner just a few week ago and now you be worried I might kill you , and you be entitle to worry . be not that a terrible thing ? be not that sad ? she roll off of he into she seat . they sit there in silence , watch the rain run down the windshield . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob later , I wonder if I be really worried about where Ian have be . I have no idea where he 's be , and that give I every right to insist on protection . but in truth , it be the power that interested I more than the fear . I want to hurt she , on this day of all day , just because it 's the first time since she 's leave that I have be able to . int . bar - later Rob and Laura lean back in a booth , face each other . we get that feel that not another word have be speak since we last see they . rob Laura ... LAURA I be too tired not to go out with you . Rob lean forward . rob so if you have a bit more energy we would stay split . but thing be how they be , what with you wipe out , you would like we to get back together . LAURA ( nodd ) everything 's too hard . maybe another time I would have the gut to be on my own , but not now I do not . rob what about Ian ? LAURA Ray 's a disaster . I do not know what that be all about , except that sometimes you need someone to lob into the middle of a bad relationship like a hand grenade , I guess , and blow it all apart . rob Mission accomplish . LAURA I know it 's not very romantic , but there will be romance again at some stage , I be sure . I just ... I need you , Rob . that 's it . and we know each other and we care for each other , and you have make it clear that you want I back , so ... she look up at he . LAURA let 's go home . okay ? rob okay . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob but would not you know it ? suddenly I feel panicky , and sick , and I want to run around and sleep with female recording artist ... CUT to : int . rob and laura' apartment - morning post-lovemake . Rob and Laura lie on they back . rob c'mon . I want to know . LAURA want to know what , exactly ? rob what it be like . LAURA it be like sex . what else could it be like ? rob be it like good sex or be it like bad sex ? LAURA what 's the difference ? rob you know the difference . LAURA look , we be okay now . we just have a nice time . let 's leave it at that . rob okay , that 's cool , okay . but the nice time we just have ... be it nicer , as nice , or less nice than the nice time you be have a couple of week ago ? Laura be silent . rob oh , c'mon , Laura . just say something . lie , if you want . it would stop I ask you question and it would make I feel better . LAURA well I be gonna lie and now I can not , because you would know I be lie . rob well why the fuck would you want to lie , anyway ? LAURA to make you feel better . rob oh , great ... Rob begin to get out of bed . she grab he hand and pull he back down . LAURA look , Rob . if great sex be as important as you think it be , and if I be have great sex with he , then we would not be lie here now . and that be my last word on the subject , okay ? rob okay . she pull he close and they lie there , the matter seemingly settle . LAURA I wish you penis be as big as he , though . he turn slowly to she . a giggle from she turn into a laugh , then a howl , a roar -- ext . lakefront - twilight Rob and Laura walk the cement breakfront . LAURA ... like Mexico . or Jamaica . or New York , even . rob hey , great idea . what I will do be , tomorrow I will get a hold of a box full of mint elvis presley 78s on the sub label , and I will pay for it that way . LAURA I will pay for you . even though you owe I money . we have to do something with the money I earn . I need to . I deserve it . you can just think of it as win the lottery . rob fantastic . the girlfriend lottery . LAURA money do not matter . I do not care how much you earn . I would just like you to be a little happier in you work , but beyond that you can do what you like . rob but it be not suppose to be like this . when I meet you we be the same people and now we be not , and ... LAURA how ? how be we the same people ? rob well , you be the kind of person who come to the artful dodger and I be the kind of person who deejay at the artful dodger . you wear jeans and t-shirt , and so do I . and I still do , and you do not . LAURA because I be not allow to . I still do , after work . so , what ? should we just break up ? be that what you be say ? because if you be , I be go to run out of patience . rob no , but ... LAURA but what ? rob but why do not it matter that we be not the same people we use to be ? LAURA you have not change so much as a pair of sock in the year I have know you . if we have grow apart , then I be the one who 's do the grow , and all I have do be change job . rob and hairstyle and clothes and attitude and friend and ... LAURA I can not go to work with my hair dyed pink . and I can afford to go shopping more now , and I have meet a couple people I like over the last year or so . rob you be tougher . LAURA more confident , maybe . rob harder . LAURA less neurotic . be you intend to stay the same for the rest of you life ? rob I be alright . LAURA yeah , you be alright . but you be certainly not happy . so what happen if you get happy ? and yes I know that 's the title of a elvis costello album , I use the reference deliberately to catch you attention . should we split up because I be use to you be miserable ? what happen if you , I do not know , start you be own record label , and it 's a success ? time for a new girlfriend ? rob you be be stupid . LAURA how ? what would be the difference between you have a record label and I go from legal aid to private practice ? Rob be silent . LAURA all I be say be , you have to allow for thing to happen to people , most of all to yourself . otherwise , what 's the use ? rob no use . int . / ext . record store - day Rob come out of the stock room and walk toward the counter where Dick and Barry stare at the tape deck like two concerned doctor , listen to a song that be raw and moody and lyrical -- minor threat meet Brian eno , if that 's possible . Rob join they in contemplation . rob what be this . dick it 's Vince and Justin . rob who 's that ? barry the little skate-fucker . rob no way . barry yes way . it 's really ... Rob and Dick look at he , ready to pounce -- barry ( pain to say it ) it 's really fuck good . Dick and Barry look to Rob , who continue to just listen ... he take a deep breath and walk to the front door and out , seemingly with a mission . Vince and Justin be do noisy skate trick against the curb across the street . when they see Rob they stop , get ready to flee . he walk across to they . Dick come out and hover in the background . rob you tape . it 's good . they mumble thanks . rob it 's rough . but it show promise . we record a couple of song right , in a studio . I will take care of the rest . I will put out you record . any profit after recoup expense get split down the middle , between we and you guy . vince wait a minute . Island record charge U2 a million five against they overhead for one plane ride . rob we be not there yet , Justin . vince I be Vince . rob whatever . he begin to move toward the store . Vince and Justin look at each other . Rob get to the door but stop and turn . rob hey . what 's the name of you band ? justin the kinky wizard . rob what ? vince we see this ad in the personal for two swinger lookin ' for a Renaissance fair . rob Nice . vince what 's the name of you label ? Rob look at they . then at Dick . then through the window at Barry , inside look out . then at he own reflection in the window . then back at they . rob Broken record . welcome aboard . Rob walk back inside . he seem to be shaking a little . barry what the fuck be that ? rob what ? barry I hear you , man . do not give I that " what " shit . you just tell they that you be gonna put out a record with they . rob so ? you even say they be good . barry hello . do you see anyone else around here with a band , Mr. branson ? Mr. phil spector ? Rob wave he off and disappear into the stock room . Laura enter . LAURA hey , Barry . barry oh , hi. LAURA where 's Rob ? barry the malcolm mcclaren of Clark Street be in he executive suite . do you have a appointment ? LAURA what be you talk about ? barry just that Rob seem to think it would be wiser to start a record label by put out a record with business - crippling Nazi youth shoplifter than with someone he know in he bitter jealous heart be a musical visionary . that 's all . Laura put it together , and smile . she go to the back and crack the door , find Rob sit on a box , think . rob hi. LAURA hi . what be you do ? rob nothing . LAURA wanna go to dinner ? rob where ? LAURA at Paul and miranda 's . Paul from work . rob oh. well . we do not really get along . Paul and I . LAURA I know . but you have never meet . it just seem like a stone unturned in you relationship with he . rob ha. CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob we be at a point where I can not really walk away from gauntlet she might throw down , and so I go . and would not you know it , I sort of fall in love with Paul and miranda -- with what they have , and the way they treat each other , and the way they make I feel as if I be the new center of they world . I think they be great , and I want to see they twice a week , every week , for the rest of my life . only right at the end of the evening do I realize I have be set up . int . paul and miranda's live room - later after dinner . Rob amble in from the dining room . Laura close behind . he look through the bookshelve until he find a meager little grouping of CD . he move up to they and scan the title : Tina Turner . billy joel. kate Bush . pink floyd . simply Red . the Beatles . the windham Hill sampler ... paul lame , right ? Rob turn around to see paul behind he . rob oh , I do not know . the Beatles be okay . Paul laugh . paul we be kinda out of date . rob hey , to each he own , I say . paul maybe we can come by you store and you can hook we up . rob sure , sure . any time . LAURA better hurry , though , Paul . Rob start a record label , so he 's gonna be in the shop less and less . Rob look at she . CUT to : int . rob and laura' apartment - night as they come in the door . LAURA ... " to each he own ! " unbelievable ! you ! Rob Gordon say that . you even sound like you mean it . they throw they jacket over a chair . Rob turn on the CD player and " call I a liar " by Palace begin to play . rob ( smile ) you do that deliberately . you know all along I would like they . it be a trick . LAURA I trick you into meeting some people you would think be great . I think it would be fun to introduce you to someone with a Tina Turner album and then see whether you still feel the same way . she move to Rob and wrap she arm around he . they look deeply at each other . she break away from he and walk into the bedroom . he turn off the stereo and follow she . ext . clark STREET - morning Rob walk to work , drink he coffee . he stop and back up a few foot , and stare at a poster on a plywood board - up . " 'I sold my mom' wheelchair '/ the debut single from the kinky wizard / on Broken record / record release party July 20 at the artful dodger / feature the triumphant return of dj rob gordon / " dance Music for Old people " Rob scowl , and storm off . int . rob and laura' apartment - night Rob pace , Laura sit on the couch , smile . LAURA I call Dan koretzky because he -- rob have drag City record , I know , I know . you tell Dan koretzky about this ? LAURA yeah , and he say it 's a good way to break out a record . especially for what he say , and I quote , " would be a highly anticipate event , locally . " he help I put out a press release . rob what ? LAURA just local , of course . rob and the " triumphant return of dj Rob Gordon ? " " triumphant ? " " return ? " LAURA I have that idea when I be live with Ian and it be such a good idea that I be annoyed we be not together anymore . it might even be why I come back . rob you have no right . suppose I be do something that could not be cancel ? LAURA what do you ever do that can not be cancel ? rob that 's not the point . I mean , what if the single be not do in time ? LAURA Barry say its do . rob Barry ? Barry know about this ? LAURA yeah . his band be play a set . Rob wheel on she . int . record store - day Rob and Barry . rob like fuck you be . barry Laura say we could . if we help out with the poster and stuff . and we do . and we be . rob I will give you 10 % of the door if you do not play . barry we be get that anyway . rob what be she do ? okay , 20 % . barry no . we need the gig . rob 110 % . that 's my final offer . I be not kid . that 's how much it mean to I not to hear you play . barry we be not as bad as you think , Rob . rob you could not be . look , Barry . there 's go to be people from Laura 's work there , people who own dog and baby and Tina Turner album . how be you go to cope with they ? barry we be not call barrytown anymore , by the by . they get sick of the Barry / barrytown thing . we be call sdm . sonic death monkey . rob sonic death monkey . barry what do you think ? Dick like it . rob Barry , you be over thirty year old . you owe it to yourself and you friend and to you parent not to sing in a group call sonic death monkey . barry I owe it to myself to go right to the edge , Rob , and this group do exactly that . over the edge , in fact . rob you will be go over the fuck edge if you come anywhere near I next Friday night . barry that 's what we want . reaction . and if Laura 's bourgeois lawyer friend can not take it , then fuck them . let them riot , we can handle it . we will be ready . Barry wander off laugh . CUT to : int . rob and laura' apartment - day Rob and Laura . LAURA they will go on early . nobody will even be there yet and I tell they they can not play for more than a half hour . rob it 's no joke . I be responsible for what happen , you know . embarrassment aside , there 's a lot of money and effort in this , at least by my standard . I have to put down a deposit for the room . I have to pay the press plant for the record , sleeve they , sticker they -- LAURA we take care of that . Rob 's brow furrow . LAURA Barry and Dick and I . look in the bedroom . Rob go to the bedroom door and open it . it 's sort of like Christmas : hundred of kinky wizard CD singles , painstakingly package and stack on the bed . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob I suddenly feel choke up . it 's not the money , it 's the way she 's think of everything : one morning I wake up to find she go through my record , pull out thing that she remember I play when I deejay and put they into the little carry case that I use to use and put away in a closet somewhere year ago . she know I need a kick in the ass . she also know how happy I be when I use to deejay . from which every angle I examine it , it still look as though she 's do all of this because she love I . CUT back to : int . rob and laura' apartment Rob turn from the bedroom and go to Laura , put he arm around she . rob I be sorry I have be act like a jerk . I do appreciate what you have do for I , and I know you have do it for the best possible reason , and I do love you , even though I act like I do not . LAURA that 's okay . you seem piss off all the time , though . rob I know . I do not get it . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob but if I have to take a wild guess , I would say that I be piss because I know I be stick with Laura , bound to she , and I do not like it . that dreamy anticipation you have when you be fifteen or twenty or thirty even , that the most perfect person in the world might walk into you store or office or friend 's party at any moment ... that 's all go , I think , and that 's enough to piss anybody off . Laura be who I be now , and it 's no good pretend otherwise ... CUT to : int . record store - day Rob be stand shelf . a very pretty young woman , caroline , come through the door and look around . she see Rob . caroline Excuse I ? Rob look up and take she in like a dish in a window . rob May I help you ? caroline I be look for deejay Rob Gordon . rob uh. that 's I . caroline I be caroline fortis from the reader . I want to do a story on you . rob right . why ? caroline well , I use to go to the dodger on you night , and I see you be do it again and that you put out a record , and it 's sort of a then - and - now story against the backdrop of the Chicago music scene with the emphasis on now . rob oh. okay . caroline I think I would ask you a few question if that 's okay . rob huh . you use to come to the club ? I should not have let you in . you must have only be about sixteen . Rob realize what he must be sounding like . he blushes and retreat . rob what I mean be , I do not mean you look young . you do not . you do not look old either . you look just as old as you be . a bit young maybe , but not a lot . not much . just right . caroline so . be now a good time ? Rob look around : there be absolutely nothing go on in the store . he nod . she pull out a pad and pencil . caroline right . so . you must have a enormous record collection . rob yeah . I could show it to you if you want to come over and see it . he wince immediately . caroline yeah , well ... let 's see ... what be you be all - time top five record ? rob pardon I ? caroline you desert island top-five . rob oh boy ... in the club , or at home ? caroline be there a difference ? rob ( a little too shrill ) of course ... well yeah , a bit . " Sin City " by the Flying Burrito Brothers be a all - time top five , but I would not play it at the club . it 's a country - rock ballad . everybody would go home . caroline nevermind . any five . so four more . rob what do you mean , four more ? caroline well if one of they be this " Sin City " thing -- rob can I go home and work this out and let you know ? in a week or so ? caroline look if you can not think of anything , it do not matter . I will do one . my five favorite from the old day at the dodger . Rob be aghast , humiliate , quietly outrage . rob oh , I be sure I can manage something ... " Sin City . " " New Rose , " by the damned . " hit it and quit it " by funkadelic . " shipbuild , " elvis costello , japanese import , no horn , or different horn , anyway ... um ... " mystery train " by elvis presley ... and ... " space cowboy " by sly and the family Stone . a bit controversial , I know , but ... caroline Fine . that 's great . rob be that it ? caroline well , I would not mind a quick chat , if you get the time . rob sure , but be that it for the list ? caroline that 's five . so . why do you decide to deejay again ? rob well it be a friend 's idea , really , and the record release party seem like a good place to do it . so ... ( look over she pad at the list ) I should really put a James Brown in there -- caroline Nice friend . rob yeah . caroline what 's he name ? rob who ? oh. my friend . my friend be Laura . a girl . a friend who 's a girl . caroline " Music for Old people . " what do that mean ? rob look , I be sorry about this , but I would like " the upsetter " by Lee " scratch " perry , in there . instead of " Sin City . " she scribbles and write . caroline okay . " dance Music for Old people ? " rob oh , you know ... a lot of people be not too old for club but they be too old for acid jazz and garage and ambient and all that . they want to hear old funk and stax and New Wave and Old School hip hop and some new stuff all together and there 's nowhere for they . caroline and the new label ? and the kinky wizard ? rob oh , well , the kinky wizard be -- you know what ? why do not I just make you a tape ? caroline would you ? really ? wow . I could have deejay Rob Gordon play in my own home . rob haha . right . it 's no problem . I love make tape . CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob a good compilation tape , like break up , be hard to do and take age longer than it might seem . you gotta kick off with a killer , to hold the attention . then you have to take it up a notch , but not blow you wad , so maybe cool it off a notch , and you can not put the same artist twice on the tape , except if some subtle point or lesson or theme involved , and even then not the two of they in a row , and you can not woo somebody with joni Mitchell 's " Big yellow taxi " and then bash they head off with something like gbh 's " City baby attack by rat , " and ... oh , there be a lot of rule . anyway , I work hard at this one . int . rob and laura' apartment - day Rob sit indian -style on the floor in front of the stereo . he have a pad of paper with scrawle title and cross-outs , and be surround by pile of CD and record . LAURA who 's that for ? Rob wince , turn . he 's bust . rob this ? oh , just that woman who interview I for the reader . Carol ? caroline ? something like that . Laura turn and walk out of the room . int . record store - day Rob be tuck into the corner , on the phone . rob hi , caroline ... oh , it 's rob. yeah , listen , I have a new list for you and -- oh. yes . of course ... well maybe next week they could print a , uh , retraction . or a correction . because the list I have now it really much more -- right . okay . anyway , I have you tape . that 's right . shall I mail it to you ? or ... would you like to have a drink ? CUT to : rob in he chair Rob to camera . rob how be you not go to fall for someone who want to interview you ? now caroline be all I can think about . and in the daydream I imagine every detail , the entire story of we future relationship , until suddenly I realize that there 's nothing leave to actually , like , happen . I have do it all , live through it all in my head . I know the whole plot , the end , and the good part . now I would have to watch it all over again in real time , and where 's the fun in that ? and fuck -- when be it all go to stop ? be I go to jump from rock to rock for the rest of my life until there be not any rock leave ? be I go to bolt every time I get itchy foot ? because I get they about once a quarter , along with the store 's tax bill . I have be think with my gut since I be fourteen year old and , frankly speak , I have come to the conclusion that my gut have shit for brain . you know what 's wrong with Laura , what my problem be ? what 's wrong with Laura be that I will never see she for the first or second or third time . that 's all . fuck it . I will probably mail the tape . probably . CUT to : int . NORTH side tavern - day Rob sit at a table in the bar , nervous . he watch the door , sit up straight when it open , and follow someone with he eye , all the way to he table . she sit . it 's Laura . LAURA a drink lunch on a school day . what a nice surprise . Rob say nothing . LAURA be you worried about tomorrow night ? rob not really . he play with he drink . LAURA be you go to talk to I , or shall I get my paper out ? rob I be go to talk to you . LAURA right . he play with he drink some more . LAURA what be you go to talk to I about ? rob I be go to talk to you about whether you want to get marry or not . to I . LAURA ha ha ha . hoo hoo hoo . rob I mean it . LAURA I know . rob oh , well thanks a fuck bunch . LAURA I be sorry . but two day ago you be in love with that girl who interview you for the reader , be not you ? rob not in love , exactly , but ... LAURA well forgive I if I do not think of you as the world 's safest bet . rob would you marry I if I be ? LAURA no. probably not . rob right . okay , then . shall we go ? LAURA do not sulk . what bring all this on ? rob I do not know . LAURA very persuasive . rob be you persuadable ? LAURA no . I do not think so . I be just curious about how one go from make tape for one person to marriage proposal to another in two day . Fair enough ? rob Fair enough . LAURA so ? rob I be just sick of think about it all the time . LAURA about what ? rob this stuff . Love and marriage . I want to think about something else . LAURA I have change my mind . that 's the most romantic thing I have ever hear . I do . I will . rob shut up . I be only try to explain . LAURA I mean , maybe you be right . but be you really expect I to say yes ? rob I dunno . do not think about it , really . it be the ask that be the important thing . LAURA well , you have ask . she lean over and take he hand in hers , smile at he . LAURA thank you . int . artful dodger - night two turntables with the mixer in the middle . " just begun " by Jimmy castor spin on turntable # 1 . a hand reach in , and begin to draw the slide down , quieting the music . Rob look up from behind the deejay table , set up amongst the instrument . the place be pack with people , and everyone seem to be have a great time . almost everyone -- Rob see Barry , who pretend to nod off when Rob catch he eye , and Justin , who look back at he and mock a bulimic act . Rob give he the finger . he see Laura , and she beam at he . he come to the front of the stage , and tap a microphone . rob uh , thanks for uh , come out tonight . I hope you have a good time . and I hope you like the record . the one by the kinky wizard . the record that we be have this record release party for . ( hoot from the crowd ) thanks . listen to it first , though . ( laugh ) okay . we will get to that later . right now , I would like to introduce ... ( mumble ) sonic death monkey . good-nature applause . Rob step down and bee-line to Laura . Barry and he crew mount the stage . Rob take a big gulp of beer . rob ( to Laura ) I be a idiot . I should have play the record first . this place be about to get burn down . LAURA it 's gonna be fine . this people be ready for anything . barry ( dubious ) yeah , well ... Barry stand in front of the mic , surveying the crowd with a smile . he and the band all wear suit and tie . barry thanks for the enthusiastic intro , Rob . we be not call sonic death monkey anymore , though , lady and gentleman . we might be on the verge of become the atavistic , but we have not decide yet . but tonight , we be ... barry jive and the uptown five ! one two three -- and they launch into marvin gaye 's " get to give it up , " almost flawlessly faithful to the original . Barry be transformed -- shuffle footwork , a wide smile , and when the intro wind up , a almost perfect falsetto . the crowd go nut , fill the floor . Rob be stunne , begin to smile . Laura take he hand and lead he out into the crowd ... the end