23 May ' 13 highway script open the highway see from the front seat of a move tempo traveler . sound of the engine , pass vehicle , tree . a song in a girl 's voice . not a singer , sing to herself . uncertain lyric , sound like a lullaby — ' do not cry baby ... do not worry , I be with you . when you wake up in the morning , the sun will be shine , the bird will be sing . and everything will be all right . '' the road keep change . from plain to hill , from forest to desert . titles of the film appear . fade-out . {2 4 mins} Home video wedding preparation in a rich city bungalow . guest , clothes , jewellery , decorate gift . all bright . the video must have be shot by a kid in the house . we see the bride to be — wishing people , smile , bright , respectful . dholki , goot , sherbet ... {2 min} sc#1 night , exterior tripathy House a large bungalow in a premium Delhi colony . back of the house — a shadow pass a window , a door open and a figure steal out , then make it 's way across the lawn . Key be put to a lock and turn . the small corner gate open . the figure , wrap in a shawl , sneak out , then walk down the lane . the figure hurry up the pavement , run across the street , remove the shawl cover . it be the bride to be . her name be veera . she come to a wait car and sit in excitement . a man name vinay have come to pick she up . vinay itni kya urgency thi yaar ...? veera ( simultaneously ) let 's go let 's go let 's go ... vinay Zindagi saath bitaani hai humein , abhi ye log keh rahe hain kuch din mat milo to ruk jaate hai to ...? veera chalo to ... vinay veera , I think tum vaapas chali jao . abhi tak kisi not dekha nahin hai humein ... veera vinay yaar I want to breathe ... ye rasam -rivaaj aur aaiye ji namaste ji... ghaghra aur jhumka aur nathni ... please chalo yahan se ... thodi der be ghar se door rehte hain , khule mein . sirf ek ghante ke liye ... vinay ek ghante ke liye ...? veera gaadi to start karo ... vinay pandrah minute veera achcha chalo to ... vinay shake he head , start the car . vinay pandrah minute veera chaloooo .... the car drive out . {1 min} vinay veera vinay veera vinay veera vinay sce #2 night , exterior car on Delhi street the car drive through a Delhi roundabout . the car be drive on a Delhi street . Inside , vinay look at a clock . paanch minute bache hain ... arey ...? abhi time start nahin hua hai . pehle in bright light se to nikalte hain , khule mein jaate hain kaheen ... highway chalein ? bina security ke ? Bus highway ko touch kar ke a jayenge , theek hai ? promise ... dekho ye bilkul ... ( cut in ) please please please please please ... let 's go let 's go . ( exhales ) phoo ... veera smile . {1 / 2 min} sce#3 night , exterior car on Delhi Street the car be see drive from a city street towards the highway . sc #4 night , exterior car on highway car drive on the highway . Inside , veera be feel much better . veera ahhh ... it 's work ... dimagh ke saare knot khul rahe hain ... vinay good , vaapas chalte hain veera ( quickly ) thode aur khulne hain . Little more , okay ...? vinay ye little more little more karte karte bahot zyada ho gaya hai veera haan to little more ... vinay veera ye raasta safe nahin hai veera tch tum ho to ... silence . they drive . veera vinay , vaapas hi nahin jaate hain yaar ... haan ...? chalo bhaag jaate hai hum ... vinay very funny veera haan to ... kat lete hain yahan se ... aur ek beautiful ghar banaate hain ... kisi pahaad par . tum bhedh charaana , main tumhaare liye khaana banaoongi ... bahot maza aayega . vinay ( piss ) okay , main turn kar raha hoon veera no no no no ... vinay bahot ho gayee bewakoofi veera Little more , little more ... vinay kaafi pehle mud jaana tha humein veera arey yaar ... the car be see turn back on the highway . {1 min} sc#5 night , exterior highway petrol Station the car drive into a petrol station . the light be dim and no one be see at the pump . Inside the car , vinay be look around at the pump . vinay Band to nahin ho gaya ? he honk . veera open the door and get out of the car . vinay veera sit ... veera ... veera be already out , he look at she , annoyed . she come in front of the car and open she arm , take a deep breath . veera see ... hawa kitni alag hai yahan . kitni Fresh ... vinay veera just come back ... veera sheher mein to bechaini hoti hai saan lene mein ... aisa kyon nahin ho sakta ...? vinay agar tumhaara drama khatam ho gaya hai to vaapas a jao veera tum baahar aao to ... ek second ke liye ... vinay veera main keh raha hoon ... veera just for one second ... suddenly , a gun shot be hear . then a loud clang of a metal and desperate scream — peeche dekh peeche se a ro ae ... maar ... ae ruk .... ya pakad , likad ... etc . veera turn in shock towards the petrol pump cabin . some people scamper out of the cabin , a few of they point gun . two people in a scuffle with a gunman . oye ravi ... chup teri ... vilaas ... vaeen pado reh ... chal bhaag a rein peeche ... tu gaadi s-tart kar ... ruk ja ke raoon , khada reh ... the man rush out . veera be in they way . face of the man be cover with scarf , blanket . she be transfix as they cross close to she . one of they run up to she , grab she , twist she hand behind she and scream out to the cabin — mahabir ruk saala ... ruk ... ruk ... veera scream in pain . something hot hit she temple . it be a gun . mahabir sagle khade raho vaheen ... two guard have rush in with gun , but now look tentatively in veera 's direction . one of they move up . mahabir teri ... the man hold veera fire a shot towards the cabin . a glass shatter . that man brace . the gun be bring back to veera 's temple . veera scream . mahabir agli idhar chalegi ... pher to boloonga ... ( scream at he man ) arey kah wa jeep ko ? someone be try to start a jeep keep on the other side . it 's not start . the other be wait . man 2 check to kee pehle ...? hain ...? man 3 ya laaya kona ...? veera feel she arm be go to come off the socket , it be be pull so hard . she scream again . the man hold she hiss in reaction and she be bang on the bonnet of vinay 's car . the gun be on she temple . she look at vinay . vinay have not move . veera be look at vinay . veera ( scream ) vinay ... she whimper in pain . vinay be stare . sound of the jeep be start , man abuse . veera ( scream again ) vinay .... vinay ( suddenly ) Maine kaha tha to ...? Maine kaha tha ... man 2 ( oc ) ya gaddi pakad ... vinay ( continue ) ab khush ? just then someone open he door and pull he out . punch and kick be land roughly on he . one of the man sit in the driver 's seat , the other get into the car . mahabir baitho sagle bheetar ... ( to the cabin ) khabardaar ... then veera be lift from the bonnet and push towards the rear of the car . she be scream in pain . she be push inside the car . mahabir thaam yaae ... two other get in the rear after veera . mahabir ( call out , oc ) peeche aayo koi to goli chal jaagi ... veera be sit squash in the darkness , unable to fully comprehend what be really happen . the man hold the gun to she forehead from the front seat . mahabir ( call out , oc ) dekh roun main ... man 2 chal nikal , nikal ... mahabir tonk e phaun laga ... the car suddenly take off amidst more threat and abuse . veera panic , but be pull back . unbearable pain in she arm . someone pass a phone to the man in front . someone squeeze veera in the darkness , she grimace . mahabir ( turn back ) ae ... ( into phone ) tere paa gaudi ae ...? kauhan hai tu ? veera be choke , yelping . she can barely see anything inside the car . she can not follow the brisk , tense dialect that the man be speak in — Driver jaana kahaun ae ...? mahabir ( into phone ) mangad ke peeche waalo rasto dekh ro ae ... ( to the driver ) seedho chal batata oon man 3 Main bataoon ... mahabir ( into phone ) tonk vaaye raaste par paahad ke peeche a ja khtettan mein ... aur ... {3 4 mins} sc # 6 night , exterior highway , path , crop the car be see turn away from the highway into a path lead to crop . the car come to a stop between the crop . veera be transfix as the man rush out of the car . she sit there , heaving , yelping like a dog . she look up . the man be run away , have reach a turn in the crop . a slight relief begin to come to she . but she see that the man stop . one of they point in she direction and another begin to run towards she . she stiffen . he be come back , she breath rise again . she grab she phone from the front dashboard , make to call . then she make to shut the door , the man hold the door and begin to pull roughly , abuse she . he open the door , grab she . another man come from behind and push she out . she be bring out of the car , one of the man hold she mouth . another pick up the phone , they rush she to the other at the turn of the crop . the man wait speak — mahabir ( oc ) chhod ... the two leave she . veera stare at this man . this be mahabir bhaati . he look at she , then pull at the hair behind she head . she scream , he stuff cloth into she mouth , the other tie she mouth with a scarf . then mahabir lower she head , still hold the hair above she nape and turn she into the path between the crop . some torch be on . veera be rush down the path faster than she can manage . she stumble occasionally , fall , be pull up by the hair and the rush through the path continue . {2 mins} sc#7 night , exterior mud path a Marshall jeep be park in the darkness . someone be stand there , shine he phone as indication . mahabir and the other emerge from the crop . veera be faintly by now . the man near the jeep call out - tonk aa jao a jao ... sagle o...? mahabir haan ... tonk yu koun ae ...? mahabir peeche ke darwajje khol . goru baith ... daalo yaaye bhitter ... veera look up . the back door of the jeep open . she be now go to be lift into the rear of the jeep . another man hold she to take she in . veera suddenly grunt and shriek and put up a wild , superhuman struggle to break free . the other grab she , try to restrain she . veera push desperately . if she do not manage to get away now , if she be hoist into that darkness , she life as she know it be over . veera struggle with all she strength . mahabir suddenly yank she away from everyone and strike a massive slap across she face . she falter back , stunne . he pace up to she . she be grunt , look up at he . suddenly another full - blooded slap , harder than before . she drop to the ground . Music begin . mahabir haanthan not baandho ... as the man proceed to do so , then pick she up to put in the vehicle , we move away from they to the night atmosphere in this outskirt of Delhi . {1 min} { Dark night} song 1 Music play . we see night in the outskirt . lyric begin — what mystery lie behind you face ? what be the storey that you never tell ? intrigue atmosphere of night . the Marshall jeep be see drive . we enter a village settlement . it be dead night . we come to a house in the village . some light be on inside . from a distance , we see a skoda car drive up to the house and two people emerge from it . we move closer to the house . {1 min} / 13 minute / sc#8 night , interior cattle yard Music fade out as we find veera in the yard . she lie dumped on the floor , hand and mouth still tie . a dim bulb be burn . she appear senseless . door of the room open . veera 's eye open . panic return to she as she see someone stride towards she . she try to pull herself up . she look at the man . it be mahabir , he crouch in front of she . she recoil from he in savage fear . he raise she by the side of she head to sit against the wall and remove she gag . she be yelping . he look at she . mahabir naam bol apna veera whimper from she chest . veera please ... please mujhe ... jaane do ... please ... mahabir naam ka ha tera ? veera ( senselessly ) mujhe ghar jaana hai ... please ... please ... he give she small slap on she face to revive she . mahabir naam ... naam ... veera continue to plead senselessly . mahabir ( scream ) arey chup ... she be shocked to silence . mahabir grab she by the hair of she nape . mahabir bol ... veera veera ... mahabir veera kaha ? veera veera tripathy ... there be a stir among the man who be stand at the door , hide they face . fat man Ho ga ...? hain ...? mahabir be look at veera . mahabir ( pull hair more ) manek tripathy ki beti hai ? veera ( quickly ) haan ... haan ... he stare at she . then push she to the floor . he be look at she in think , she be look at he in fear . he move forward to she quickly , she shreik , panic . but he grab the cloth and gag she mouth in some annoyance . she stare at he . he walk back to the door . she be look . the door close . she close she eye . {2 mins} sc#9 night , int / exterior Front yard all the man of the group be sit in great tension . buffaloe be see in the cattleyard in the background . silence . then the fat man who be see get out of the car speak — fat man hajaaran ber keh chukaoon in ameeran the door raha kar ... saban ki pahonch howe ae , inte uljhega to ye teri khaale udedh denge badan se ... ab siltiyo yaate ... the effiminate man who have get off the car with the fat man speak now — babli par ye jaanta nahin tha to ki vo kaun hai ... fat man itti baddi odi gaadi mein kaun chale ae ...? hain ...? tonk haan par tripathy ki chhori ...? fat man haan ... tripathy ki chhori ... Police , Home Guard , bsf , millaetry sagle thaare pichhonde su ghus ke thaare munh se nikalne waale hain , ab bacha le apni ijjat ... pause . fat man ek hi raasto ae ... yaay kain phenk - ooonk ke lambe nikal lo aur haath jodo Ram ke ... aur chhe maheene , saal talak mud ke dilli ki ore munh mat to kar liyo ... silence . he speak again — to all but hint at mahabir . fat man insaan not apni okaat pata honi chaiye ... gaand mein to goo , hagne chale pahaad ... he suddenly look at mahabir , who have be look at he , and challenge — fat kaha ghoor ro ae ... hain ... ka dekh rarr ae ...? mahabir teri gaande ... phat the huye dekh rarr oon . ominous silence . mahabir ( indicate babli ) ya ke jaisa ho gaya ae tu bi ... tau ae bhaati ... fat man be look at mahabir . he speak after a moment — fat man toye yoon to kehna ... ab yo baat reh jaagi . fat man suddenly pull out he gun and point at mahabir to shoot , speak meanwhile — fat man ya ke sagle kisse abhi ke abhi nibtaye doon full and final ... hain ... hain ...? panic in the group as mahabir flinch . tau ( simulateous ) na kasaana to ... fat man be figure out if he should actually shoot - fat man Kar doon ... hain ... kar doon ...? naagar ya pistale alag kar ... mahabir ( mutter ) ... ameeran the door rarr kar , dara kar ... tau tu to bolega abhi ... mahabir ( stand ) kaaha mile go humein inte dar ke ...? hain ...? inhein salaam thoko , inke darwaaje kholo ... kyon ? fat man kyonki saale ye jab chaein , jaise chahein le sakte hain teri ... mahabir to le to rakkhi ae ... or kon si leni baaki ae ? baat yu ae ki chaaploosi ki aadat pad gi ae humein ... ( to fat man ) dene mein maja aane laga ae ab ... fat man ( grunt ) bhaati teri ... tau tonk ya ae le ja baahare ... two people hold the fat man down as he struggle . another ae bhai , rehne de ... babli ( caress he torso ) na , to , to ... naagar abey oo manek tripathy ae ... sagli duniya mein vaake kaarkhaane aae ... neto minister saare vaake ghar aawe- jaawe ain ... we se bhid jjaan ...? fat man ka karega ...? hain ...? phone karega vaake - hello ...? Mr tripathy ...? ji aisa ae ki aapki laundiya mhaare paa hai . to main sm kar raha hoon address , aap to jara paise le ke vahan a jaana .... mahabir tau naagar pause . fat man mahabir pause . {3 4 minute } theek yueen boloongo main ... aur jab londiya ki taang pe goli padegi to ... to tripathy ka baap bhi aavega paise le ke . na to kothe pe bitha doonga saali ye . Bik jaagi kisi andheri gale mein kahaiye patto bhi to chalego bahot baddo ae hindustan . ar kuch bhi to huya ... to saali ki thoothdi pe goli maar doonga par chodoon to vaaye ... ya ki taant pe to kauuo baith go hai ... aur deekhe bethaaego mhaari pe bhi . kutte ki maut marego bhaati ... Sun le ... kutta kutte ki maut i marego ... kaha paad lenge mero , chaar bere phaansi devenge ...? Teen khoon to pehle hi hain ... jaisi jindagi hai mout bhi vaisi hogi par ya kaam to hogo ... yu main karongo ... sc # 10 Dawn , int / ext cattle yard , House , Village road veera 's face as she be be wake up tenderly by someone . goru ( oc ) — suniye ... , uth jaiye ... uthiye ... veera open she eye , bleary , look . goru gaurav ... veera come to , flinch . goru ( slide hand to she knee ) ghabraiye nahin ... she look at he . goru goru goru bolte hain humko ... hum dhyaan rakhenge aapka , theek hai ...? his hand have move to she thigh , he face be innocent . she be stiff . goru baad mein baat karenge ... hain to ...? abhi humko jaana hai , kyonki ... suddenly the door open and in a rush another man call aadoo come in . aadoo chal chal chal chal chal ... the room be flushed with sudden tension , goru have pull he hand and now order veera — goru arey uth , jaldi kar ... aadoo quickly grab a few bag and thing . veera look , rise . a cloth have be tie to she mouth again as goru and aadoo lead she out . Morning light strain into she eye , she be take through a path to where some man be stand . all face be cover , look . she can feel danger and hurry . mahabir be stand with the old man in the yard . the fat and effiminate man be absent . mahabir turn to goru and aadoo . mahabir chalo ... they hurry with veera , mahabir turn to the old man . mahabir bharoso waise ee to ae kaaye ko ... Kar diyo jo karna ae ... outside , in the lane , veera be lead to the Marshall jeep and make to sit . Inside , mahabir turn and walk out . the old man be look . mahabir rush to the driver 's seat and start the jeep . the vehicle rush away . Morning atmosphere be this village in the outskirt of Delhi . the jeep drive out of the village . {2 mins} sc # 11 Day , exterior hillock a tempo Traveller be park on the side of the road on a hillock . the village be see in the distance below . tonk get off the vehicle , look . the jeep roar in from behind . mahabir shut the door of the jeep and rush to the tempo where veera be be make to clamber in . the tempo rear be secure . tonk and mahabir get into the front of the tempo and shut the door . the tempo move out , leave the village behind . mahabir turn back to look through the trap window into the rear . his face be see from the rear . veera sit to one side , she mouth tie . goru and aadoo be sit on the two side wall . they look at mahabir . mahabir ( to all ) phonan not aaf kar do sagle ... pause . then — mahabir aaj unki lugai apne haath lagi hai ... aaj apna din ae ... pause . then tonk , who be drive , make a loud invocation . tonk bolo baba kisan das ki everyone join enthusiastically — all Jai . je bola ... tonk bolo lakkad maharaj ki all Jai . je bola ... veera look , numb . spirit of the man seem to rise with the invocation . aadoo adjust to a more comfortable position . goru pass a secret consol gesture to veera . veera wonder . meanwhile — tonk bolo gaam khede ki all Jai . je bola ... {1 min} se # 12 Day , exterior Canyon , mud road the tempo be see travel through rocky terrain . it finally reach a highway . in the front cabin , tonk ease the tempo on the highway and pick up speed . Music take off . {2 min} the highway the journey begin . as mahabir sit in front , look straight , many thing run through he mind . as veera sit in the rear — mouth tie and live this nightmare . as the tempo traveller run on the highway . the landscape run on both side in different speed . Long play highway theme . hour and hour on the highway . the scenery change , the light change . the tempo cross from haryana into rajasthan . mahabir sit in the same position , look ahead as evening light fall on he face . veera in the same position as well , but whimper now , begin to sob . the horizon like outstretch arm . the sun be set . the tempo be see drive down the hill into ajmer town . {1 % mins} se # 13 night , exterior dargah lane , Building the dargah of khwaja gharib Nawaz beset in the lane of ajmer , see from a height in early night . various sound in the distance . qawwali play . back of mahabir and tonk as they walk down the crowded lane of ajmer . tonk be connect to the music he hear in the lane . mahabir be head for a particular spot . a man be stand at a building window , look down . he suddenly spring on see something . he have see mahabir who have reach a spot and be look up . the man on the terrace make tense gesture for mahabir to wait there , and look the other way and leave to come down . mahabir turn towards tonk who be look at music ces in the shanty shop . tonk qawwali ko koi latest number aayo ae ...? Hawker baat suno bhai qawwali latest nahin suni jaati ... tonk to ka suni jaave hai ...? the man from the terrace , who be wear a white skull cap , emerge from the building , look at mahabir , look away and walk down the lane . meanwhile — Hawker khaas kalaam hai ye ... maula ghareeb Nawaz ki shaan mein ... tonk ( oc ) aur puraani ...? Hawker bahot zyaada ... tonk pher theek hai ... mahabir and tonk follow the man down the lane . { 1 min} /24 ' 4 minute / se # 14 night , exterior ajmer Lane corner mahabir walk the lane , look around . tonk be behind he . he come to a crossroad , can not see the man in the skull cap . sharaf ( oc ) guijjar ... mahabir turn , the man emerge from the dark on a platform . mahabir turn to he . tonk reach . the man perk on see tonk , but recognize he . tonk salute he . the man turn to mahabir . he be tense , tend to sarcasm , speak — sharaf mahabir sharaf tonk matlab ki kamaal kar diya tumne bhai yaane jhande gaad diye kasam se ... ab to masha Allah kisse - kahaniyon mein charche honge tumhaare ... phone pe bolna theek to tha ye sab yaane ki bhai dopahar ko khabar mili aur maine tumhara phone try shuroo kiya ... bhai nu bata humein chhipa kahaon ro ae ... the man look at mahabir , speak — sharaf mahabir sharaf {1 min} kya hai to ki bhai ab tum tum nahin rahe , mashallah hasti ho gaye ho famous , apna consignment le kar galli mein ghusoge do minute mein khushboo phail jayegi saare ajmer mein ... ab tum yahan nahin ruk sakte . khabron mein a gayee kaha yu baat ...? ab tak to nahin bhai magar khabar sabko hai police waalon ki badaulat ... ( pause ) ya mere bawa ... tere paa m k tripathy ki beti hai ? hain ...? se # 15 night , ext / interior tempo park in ajmer Lane the tempo park in a dark lane . all except one restaurant be shut . Light fall on veera as the rear flap of the tempo open . she be sit in the corner , gag and tie . Light shine in she eye . someone slide in and close the flap back . goru hum hain ... she look at he . he move to she and as she brace , he touch she face . she be look at he . he be caress she face . goru bukhaar to nahin hai to kaheen ...? tch ... he pull the gag off she mouth , touch she lip . then — goru sunn ho gaye honge to ... honth ...? he begin to rub she lip . she pull she face away . goru arey ...? ( snigger ) hum aapki side mein hain ... aur ye baat kisi ko bol mat deejiyga ... bahot danger log hain ye ... kya karenge aapke saath ... aap to soch bhi nahin sakti hain ... ki aisa kiya bhi ja sakta hai ... magar hum hain ... he move he hand and begin to caress she side . goru ( continue ) hum dhyaan rakhenge ... she be look at he , confuse . he be get charge , she be stiffening . goru aapko apne ghar jaana hai to ...? haan ...? apne ma- baap ke paa ... , apne logon mein ... jaana hai to vaapas ...? tear begin to come to she eye . suddenly goru freeze and withdraw . mahabir ( oc ) jaldi kar le ... aadoo ... goru ( scared ) shh ... he quickly gag she back , move away from she and clean he face with he hand in nervousness . then he move to the flap and make to open it but just then the flap be open . mahabir be there , look at goru . goru aa gaye ...? paani pilo diyo ae , khaana baad mein denge . mahabir be look at he suspiciously . he be make to get out of the tempo — goru hum udhar baithe hain ... aadoo hai vahan ... mahabir baith ja goru immediately withdraw and sit . aadoo come to the shutter to get in . the flap of the tempo rear be secure . mahabir start the tempo engine . he be sit on the driver 's seat . the man in the cap — whose name be sharaf — be sit next to he , have cover he face with a scarf . he do some quick relegious invocation . tonk be next to he . mahabir ( reconfirm ) sambar ... sharaf haan ... namak ka karkhaana ... {3 mins} sc # 16 night , interior Salt Factory the camera point- of-view move through the interior of the salt factory . it come to a staircase , turn into a large defunct factory floor , and reach mahabir who be stand near a make - shift room arrangement . he look up . goru be lead veera , tonk be follow behind . mahabir turn to ask — mahabir theek hai ...? aadoo ( oc ) haan sab theek hai ... veera be bring to the mattress on the side . there be no window there , only high ventilator . aadoo open she mouth gag . her hand . goru place a plate with some food for she . veera be stand as everyone leave and light go off . { 1 / 2 min} / 29 minute / se # 17 night , interior Salt Factory veera be eat the food . she be stand , then walk . she be limping . she walk to the ventilator . she can hear chatter and the sound of someone play the mouth organ in the night . she can not see outside at all . she try raise she leave hand . it be pain . she walk more , check she limb . time transition . veera have be lie down , she be look at the door . there be a narrow rim of light at the open . she look at it for a while . the man be not hear chatter any more , faint sound of a qawwali can be hear . she get up , move towards the door . she reach the door , push it slightly . the door be open . she withdraw , she heartbeat rise . she wait , then she push the door to open more . nothing happen . veera turn quickly towards the ventilator . she can not hear any chatter , just the faint sound of a qawwali on a CD player . she walk back to the door . wait . then open the door and look . the staircase be dark . no one be see . she close she eye for a second , then tip -toe forward . she climb down the step , slowly and carefully . the stair become darker as she walk forward . she falter , hit something , hurry down the step . it be very dark now . we can only hear the the sound of she movement . then she falter in a big way , something fall , big sound in the dead night , she grimace . there be some other sound too . of someone else move . and light come on . mahabir be stand there , next to he make - shift bed . he have switch on the light . she stare at he . he be look at she . then suddenly he pace up to she , she shreik and withdraw in mortal fear , fall back on some sack . he reach he hand to she , she whimper , he hold the hair on she nape , pick she up , then turn and walk she out . he take she through the passage . she be in pain , in horror , she do not know what he be go to do . he walk she out . {3 mins} sc # 18 night , exterior Salt Factory , Salt Pan the rest of the group be gather around a small fire near the pillar in the compound . a small CD player be play the qawwali . the man turn and look . mahabir emerge hold veera and walk across the yard towards the salt pan . aadoo arey ...? they all rush towards mahabir . aadoo kya hua bhai ...? goru haan , kya hua ...? mahabir ( stride forward ) bhaagna chaah rie ... the other be confuse . aadoo haan to ...? mahabir do not answer . he lead she to the end of the factory area , where the salt pan begin and push she away . she falter , turn and stare at he . the other join he . mahabir chal bhaag ... she be gape at he , tense and scared and breathe heavily . she do not move . mahabir kaha hua ? bhaag ... she stand there , look at he , at the other , wonder what they might do , what she chance be , why he be do this . she stand for a moment . then she turn and run . sharaf ( oc ) arey ...? mahabir and the other be see look at she as she run away into the distance . she run through the junk on the way , then be see run down the rail track into the open . {1min} Salt Pan run veera 's face as she run desperately . what can be worse than be captive to this people ? so she run . and run . she look back , run . she stagger to a fall , then scream to push herself and get up and run . she run and slow down with fatigue , still run but falter now with the intoxication of tiredness and she can not run any more and she walk but be sway and a few step and she fall to she knee , whining as she lung tear and she bundle down with head on she hand in front and breathes and breathes and fall to the side and breathes . she lie there . after a moment she open she eye , look around . {1 min} fear of the unknown { song # 2 } vastness , emptiness , white ground glisten in the skylight . and nothing . the qawwali that the man be hearing on the CD player now play in the soundtrack . its about the vastness of existence , the darkness all around and the fear of be alone . veera collect herself , begin to feel nervous , scared . she stand , music build . she look around — nothing . where should she go ? she turn and look back . she look into the vastness again . she be seize by fear , she begin to walk back , she run . she run in the white vastness , she run back . she run all the way to the salt factory . she run back with all she might . {1 4 mins} sc # 19 night , exterior Salt Factory , Salt Pan she be approach the compound . she run towards the arch of the salt factory compound . mahabir and the other look up from where they be sit , stand to see . veera be see come in . she run , walk up , breathless , out of strength . she come forward and fall on mahabir . he step back , remove she , let she fall to the ground . Music end . she lie there , sick and defeat and breathe sourly . aadoo step up to lift she . mahabir hat peeche ... aadoo stop . mahabir apni marji se bhaagi ... apne aap hi jaagi bheetar ... veera stay to take a few breath . mahabir ( order ) chal ... she instantly come to she four and move forward , clamber to stand and come to she foot and continue to walk . veera be see walk to the door that mahabir have bring she out from . { 1 min} /36 ' 2 minute / sunrise in the Salt Pan the gleam of the sun on the white land . the sun be rise in the salt . veera 's shawl and shoe be see in the emptiness . the vast expanse see from the rail bridge in the salt factory compound . veera 's face as she be in deep sleep on she mattress . {1 / 2 min} se # 20 Day , exterior Salt Factory room , compound the tempo Traveller be haul up in the compound . aadoo , tonk and goru have remove the tarpauline cover . tonk moe chaha kyon to dee ...? aadoo na dee ...? tonk jump off the tempo , follow by aadoo . tonk join mahabir and sharaf who be sip tea near the driver 's seat of the tempo . mahabir ( to sharaf ) phone ke naye sim card jaroori hain ... tonk ko le ja , uske haath bhijva diyo ... tonk or bi samaan lena hai ... mahabir sab le aiyo ... then they hear a voice — veera ( oc ) Excuse I ... the man look up . aadoo be come up with a cup of tea for tonk . veera 's voice be come from the ventilator of the make- shift room . veera ( oc ) hello ... meri awaaz a rahi hai ...? sharaf come to full attention , face the building where the voice be come from . aadoo look at mahabir , then turn to ask veera aadoo kya hai ...? veera ( oc ) suniye , main thodi der ke liye ... baahar a sakti hoon ? aadoo again look at mahabir who have a annoyed look . aadoo ( aggressive ) kyon ? veera be speak into the ventilator . veera mujhe aise ... band band se to ... sar ghoomta hai ... tabiyat bahot kharaab ho rahi hai ... please ... aadoo look at mahabir yet again . mahabir turn away . tonk haan to theek hai to ... sharaf ( can not get over ) m k tripathy ... veera ( oc ) Main bhaagne ki koshish nahin karoongi ... please , thodi der ke liye ... {1 / 2 min} sc # 21 Day , exterior Salt Factory compound veera sit on a stool ahead of the tempo traveller . mahabir be work behind on the engine . sharaf be next to he — well - behave , like a school boy in veera 's presence . tonk be fasten a tarpauline rope to the side of the tempo , aadoo be with he . veera look to the right side . she be blank , silent for a while . then — veera ( abruptly ) ajeeb jagah hai ... everyone look at she . veera Maine aisi jagah kabhi nahin dekhi ... hum jab bhi baahar jaate hain , holiday par , to saara waqt to hotel mein hi rehte hain ... to fayda kya hua ? we se achcha hai dilli mein hi kisi hotel mein check - in kar lete . Hotel to sab jagah ek hi hote hain ... she realize , look around . the other be a little surprised . veera ( wonder ) itna kyon bol rahi hoon ...? aisa lag raha hai main hoon hi nahin yahan , koi film chal rahi hai aur main dekh rahi hoon ... control nahin hai , munh apne aap chal raha hai ... actually parson se raat se kuch bola hi nahin hai ... correct ... shayad isi liye ... mahabir ( sharp ) aae ... veera ( quickly ) sorry . she look to the side as though she be not there , so that she be not send back . mahabir walk to the other side . goru come with a cup of tea for she . goru haan ... she turn , take the tea cup . goru pass a subtle look to she that he be with she . tonk be the only one who have be look at she straight , with a mystify smile . veera ( for the tea ) thanks . ( pause ) anyway , yahan a kar bahot achcha lag raha hai so thank you ... she say quickly as though she intend to not speak at all . but add — veera andar lag raha tha ulti ho jayegi ... tab hi maine bola , magar ab bahot behtar feel kar rahi hoon ... Fresh air , taazi hawa ke baare mein ... Main phir bol rahi hoon ...? ( pause ) what 's go on ? abhi mujhe tense hona chahiye ... tense to hoon ... magar ... Bas , ab nahin boloongi ... she keep quite . take a sip . tonk be look at she , come around . tonk chaha badhiyo ae ...? veera different hai ... magar bahot achchi hai . be mein cheeni daali hai , ya kuch aur ...? tonk ( to aadoo ) oye toone banayee ? aadoo ( come around ) daali to cheeni hai bhai ... par yaan ko namak thoda ghus hi jaave hai ... veera ( substantiate ) har cheez mein namak hai ... chehre pe namak a jaata hai aadoo haan ... veera mujhe laga sirf main feel kar kar rahi hoon ... goru be lurking behind . he look behind , to see where mahabir be . meanwhile aadoo na to , sab feel kar rahe hain ... mujhe to aise haath pe ... he brushes he finger on he arm and lick and say — aadoo ..ye dekho namak ... dekho ... goru look towards they . {3 mins} se # 22 Day , interior Salt Factory , room goru sneak up the staircase . he open the bolt to veera 's room , give a look down the staircase . then come inside . veera come in from the bathing area , see he . he shut the door behind and move to she quickly . goru aapko aise bhaagne ki kya jaroorat thi ...? she be look at he defensively . he reach close to she . goru hum keh rahe hain to ki hum karenge kuch jugaad . he come closer . goru ab suniye ... dekhiye ... he touch she neck , lick he finger . goru gaya sara namak ...? haan ...? she withdraw . goru nahin nahin nahin ... bharosa karna padega thoda ... nahi to kaise hoga ...? haan ...? plan suniye ... he hold she shoulder , she move away . goru aise ghabraane se thodi hoga ...? haan to plan jo hai ... vo ye hai ... he be come on to she again , she withdraw , push . goru dekhiye ... dekhiye ... she look towards the door . goru follow the look , then turn quickly to see . mahabir be stand in the room . goru leave she instantly , step back , she move away . goru look at mahabir in nervousness , be try to figure out what to say . mahabir walk into the room . goru suddenly smile . goru hum jaante hain aap kya soch rahe hain ... he snigger as he walk forward , mahabir crash a massive slap on he face . goru recoil , hold he face , then smile again . goru aisa bhi to ho sakta hai aap ghalat samajh rahe ho ... aise nahin ho sakta ? ab main bolta hoon ki baat kya thi . aap khud hi ... another massive slap . goru arey ... mahabir bhai aap ghalat samajh rahe ho aap suno to ... mahabir grab he scruff and pull he face forward . mahabir ( clear ) yu sauda ae ... laundiya to ... goru haan to bhai main ... mahabir Bas . baat khatam . goru look down , then nod . mahabir leave he . goru correct he shirt . goru okay ... then he smile . then turn and walk out . mahabir turn to veera . she look at he , look down . mahabir kapde dhang se to pehen sake hai ...? she look down , look up again . he walk out of the door , bolt it . {3 mins} Salt Factory Transition the salt factory during the day . tonk be on a bike , sharaf be behind he . they be say bye to mahabir and aadoo and drive off . goru be also see in the background . goru turn to look back as he rushess across railway track towards sambar Lake railway station . a train pass near the factory . {1 / 2 min} se # 23 Day , interior Salt Factory passage mahabir stand in think . aadoo 's breath be up , he look at he for the way forward . silence for a while . then mahabir make a annoyed face and — mahabir chal ... aadoo run in the far direction . mahabir walk out the other way . se # 24 Day , int / exterior Salt Factory compound mahabir be fix a new number plate on the tempo . aadoo rush veera through the factory passage . veera abhi ke abhi nikal rahe hain ...? aur ab kahan ja rahe hain ...? aadoo pata nahin ... chal jaldi ... they emerge from the door to where the tempo be park . veera to goru ja ke sab ko bata dega ...? mahabir ( lash ) munh band kar ya ko ... haathan not baandh aur daal peeche ... veera look at mahabir , aadoo take she forward . mahabir be see walk to the old watchman and give some note . the flap of the tempo be close . mahabir roar the tempo out of the compound . the tempo drive out of the salt factory area . veera be gag and hand - tie , be get toss in the rear . the tempo drive through the salt pan . aadoo Ho sake to bataave ...? mahabir pakko bataego aadoo saala saanp ... the tempo drive up a road that run through the salt lake . aadoo ar yu raasta ratangarh i niklego ? mahabir drive silently . aadoo ar tempo ke kaagajan ko ka karenge ? Police hai , state border hai ... unhein be naye number ke kaagaj to dikhaane honge ...? mahabir jaako number lago ae vo gaadi thunk kar kabaad mein padi hai . aur vaake kaagaj yo rae . mahabir indicate dashboard . aadoo ( relief ) arey ... jiyo ... ab aage ko ka plaan hai ...? mahabir tonk su baat karni hai ajmer aadoo phone on karoon ...? mahabir ( warn ) sim carde likaad ke phenk de . ruk ke call karni hogi kaheen se ... veera in the rear be try to hold on to thing and not get toss . she be not enjoy the ride . {2 minute } /46 minute / se # 25 Day , exterior uneven Ground the tempo be park off the road . the lower flap of the tempo be down . veera be on the edge of the rear , she mouth and hand be open , she be sick and make to vomit onto the road . mahabir be stand on the side of the tempo , aadoo be see walk away in the distance . it be a bushy , uneven area where the tempo be park . mahabir be stand against the tempo . veera be sit , sip water , try to feel better . mahabir move , look at veera , then walk across to the side . he stop , feel veera 's presence behind . he walk to the front of the tempo , a few more step ahead . he walk behind a bush , look back , then begin to take a leak . after a second , he hear the sound of veera get out of the tempo . he spring , but he be already urinate , have to finish . he try to look , but can not see anything . he try to finish in a hurry . mahabir rush to the tempo , veera be not in the carrier . he swear and look around , then rush to the middle of the road . he look in both direction . then he turn back towards the tempo and run . he reach the ravine , look around , tense . then he take out he gun and rush down a ditch . he look around , run up a slope . he be see run across till he come to a spot and hear — veera ( oc ) ruko ... mahabir stop . there be some shrub block he view . veera peeche dekho ... mahabir turn around and stand , breathe heavily . after a few second , veera come out from behind some shrub , walk up . mahabir ( scream ) kahaon gayee thi ...? hain ...? she look at he . veera ( attitude ) tum kahan gaye the ? mahabir ( sharp , seethe ) dimagh kharaab ho gaya hai tera tu moso pooch rahi ae ? veera tumhein jaana ho sakta hai to mujhe bhi to jaana ho sakta hai to ...? she look away , correct she clothes . veera sochna chahiye ... he be speechless , stare at she , and as she correct she clothes , he eye involuntarily slip to she chest . she catch the look , he look away , catch . silence . mahabir ( stiffly ) chal ... veera hmm ... she walk across he , more womanly than before . he follow she , awkward . she look back at he . they walk ahead . aadoo come above the ditch near the tempo . aadoo kaha hua ...? mahabir Ho gi baat ? aadoo haan ... veera be climb up the ditch . mahabir be avoid support she from behind . aadoo pull she , speak to mahabir . aadoo aaj phone karego tonk ... yaake mobile mein battery laga ker , be pher do din baad humsu milego ... ( to veera ) aaja ... veera Main aage baithoongi mahabir look at she . mahabir ( flare up ) kasam se haddiyan not tod doongo ghani bakwaad kee to veera look back at he . veera ( soft assurance ) theek hai ... tod do haddiyan not ... tasalli kar lo . par baithoongi main aage hi . mahabir do not know whether to tear she apart or turn away , he be look at she . aadoo Problem to hai ... mahabir look at aadoo . aadoo shake he head . aadoo Main raoonga to side mein . donon rahenge dono sidan mein , aur ka ...? mahabir turn and walk away . aadoo move veera towards the front . the bonnet cover of the tempo be lower . veera be sit in the middle of the tempo cabin . mahabir have close the bonnet , come around and climb to the driver 's seat and shut the door . they be not look at each other . veera sorry ... he look at she , look away . veera Maine bahot kharaab se baat kee . strange ... itni budtameezi se to main kisi se baat nahin karti ... kabhi nahin ... mere baare mein to ye hai ki main bahot well - behave ... I mean tameezdaar hoon ... aur tumse to ... sorry ... actually ulti kar kar ke ... mahabir ( cut ) tu chup rahegi ...? chup rahegi ...? veera .. sorry bol rahi hoon ... mahabir ( scold ) Main bol raha hoon sory ? hain ? hum yahan tameej dikhaane aaye hain ...? she look at he . mahabir apne baap ke ghar ja kar dikhaiyyo tameej ... veera look at he . veera ( agree ) hmm ... she turn away easily . he start the engine . she get a little comfortable . mahabir ( call , oc ) arey chal ... aadoo ( oc ) chal chal cha chal chal . aadoo come in shut the door . aadoo chal ... veera get more comfortable as the engine race . Music begin . she look forward . {4 mins} the highway again ( part one ) the highway roll , see from the front of the tempo traveller . veera sit in the tempo , look in front . she feel comfortable . she look , she be notice thing . she be get interested . she have never see sight like this before . the highway theme . the landscape run on both side . hour and hour on the highway . the terrain change . the journey have move into the desert . sc # 26 even , exterior dune veera stand , walk up a dune and look . the tempo be park on the road in the distance below . the sun be set . veera look at the sun . then - veera hi ... the sun be clear on the horizon . veera tum vohi ho , dilli waale ...? she sit on the dune , continue look at the sun . veera badal gaye ho ... look good . handsome ... she lie down on the sand . she spead she limb , stretch , relax . the sun be set . {1 / 2 min} the highway again ( part two ) the tempo be park in a small village in the desert at night . someone be sleep in a blanket on the legde just behind the tempo . Inside , veera be make she bed . she look towards the cabin , come to the trap window to look . mahabir be sleep there . veera lie down to go to sleep . next morning , a train come whizzing on the track and cross . veera feel a gush . the tempo be park behind at a distance . mahabir and aadoo be stand there . veera be fascinate . the tempo cross the railway crossing . the journey continue as mahabir look ahead and drive , many thing run through he mind . as veera sit next to he and look out of the tempo . they be alone in the cabin . the tempo be crossing a area crowded by truck . veera raise she shawl over she head , largely cover she face . she look towards mahabir for approval . he glance . she slink a little lower to be more inconspicious . mahabir look away , she look front . rajasthan pass . later mahabir drive and aadoo sit next to he . veera be at the trap window , look at the highway in front . Music change as a tea glass emerge from below the lower flap of the tempo . we see that aadoo take it from the road outside and walk away . we see veera 's face come down to the floor of the tempo to look outside through the gap in the shutter . aadoo be walk away to the tea stall to return the glass , mahabir be stand over there , finish he tea , make to leave . veera lie down on the floor of the tempo and look out . a group of rajasthani musician be gather in a shack , play music . this be a crossroad near the panjab border . mahabir and aadoo be walk up candidly , talk to each other . veera watch . mahabir indicate to aadoo , aadoo come to the tempo rear , close the flap . rajasthan fade away into the evening . the highway roll at night . the journey move into panjab . the tempo 's point of view move up as the road rise and turn into a iron bridge . Music recede as a barricade arm with a stop sign be lower in the middle of the bridge . {1 4 mins} se # 27 night , int / exterior Iron Bridge mahabir , who be drive , have brake . policeman emerge from the side and tush to the tempo as it stop . mahabir look if he can go back . a police jeep drive in after the tempo . mahabir turn front , look straight . aadoo be look at he , at the cop . the tempo be trap in the iron bridge on the stream . policeman rush to the tempo cabin . policeman be shine torch on mahabir and aadoo . aadoo ka hua sirjee ...? ka baat bai ...? other policeman be take the registration number down . Police 1 peeche carrier ich kee ae ...? aadoo kuch nahin hai sirjee ... Inspector kuch bhi nahin , hain .. khaali le ke ja raha hai tempo ...? mahabir ghar ke samaan ae bas ... Inspector ya rajasthan da maal hai ... chori da ... hain ...? aadoo and mahabir exchange a look . aadoo ( forward with relief ) bilkul koi rajasthan ka maal nahin hai . maa ki kasam . Police 1 chal neeche utar ... the policeman open the door and take off the key . Police 1 chal ... Inspector dikha apne ghar da saaman . aadoo come out of the tempo . Police 2 ( to aadoo ) peeche ka daala khol . aadoo walk up to the Inspector . Police 2 oye ... mahabir come down from the tempo as aadoo begin to speak with the Inspector . aadoo Sir ek minute ... Inspector hain ...? aadoo ek baat karni hai ... Inspector haan dasso ki baat karni ae ...? aadoo Sir thoda jaldi mein hain ... to ... Inspector to ...? aadoo kuch ... samjhauta kar lete hain ... the inspector grab and push aadoo menacingly onto the tempo . Inspector teri aukaat hai ... hain ...? tu mainu rishvat dega ...? saale do take de ...? chal khol daala ... dikha ki chori keeta ae ... aadoo look at mahabir , then a policeman grab and take he to the rear . mahabir remain stand at the front door , begin to look around . at the rear end , the policeman reach with aadoo and check the flap . Inside , veera be sit tense . she have be listen . Police 1 ( oc ) kiddar tau khulda ae ...? khol ... mahabir turn to the tempo , suddenly rise into the cabin and lower the seat . he quickly take out a gun from under the seat , check the bullet . Police 1 kholta hai ya lagaoon ek danda ? aadoo be very tense . the other policeman file behind he . Inside , veera hear the sound of the flap be unfasten . she be get more and more tense . mahabir tuck the gun under he belt and move stealthily to the rear , emerge near aadoo and the cop , hand on he stomach and ready for action . Inside , veera hear the sound of the hook unfasten . Police 2 ( oc ) doosra khol ... she suddenly move to climb up into the milk compartment . the bolt of the flap be hear unfasten . veera stop . why be she hide ? she climb back , to show herself . she stop midway . she be throbbing in anxiety . outside , the flap be lower . mahabir take out he gun , move and point at the back of the policeman . all the policeman be look inside the tempo , they do not notice mahabir . torch shine into the tempo rear , the policeman stand , look in , mahabir aim the gun to they back . a silent moment . nothing happen . there be nothing in the tempo rear . just some household thing . aadoo be look inside , surprised . mahabir be look , move away the gun , tuck it in again . a policeman slide into the rear of the tempo , shine torch and look . the Inspector turn to aadoo , put he arm around aadoo as the policeman be see get off the rear and close the flap . Inspector ( smile ) darasal imandaaran waali shakl nahin to hai teri ... be liye thoda confuse ho gaye si ... the policeman laugh . Inspector chal ... dudki ho ... there be a uneasy moment as mahabir and aadoo look at the rear . Inspector bura maan gaya ...? hain ...? tempo zapt karwaoon ...? aadoo ( laugh ) nahin nahin ... Inspector to nikal ... aadoo haan ... mahabir sit into the tempo cabin and shut the door . he be shocked . aadoo come and sit . mahabir look at he . the barricade be raise . the tempo drive out from the bridge . {3 4 mins} se # 28 night , ext / interior tempo off the Road after a while , the tempo come to stop off the road . the flap of the carrier be bring down and aadoo look inside , shine a torch . veera be sit there , turn to look . aadoo be shocked to see she . aadoo kya hua ...? mahabir come next to he , look at veera , puzzle . aadoo hain ...? aadoo look at mahabir , back at veera . aadoo tu chhip gayee thi ...? veera be look lose . aadoo ( oc ) arey chhip gayee thi kya ...? veera haan ... pause . aadoo look at mahabir . mahabir kyon ...? aadoo yehi to mauka tha tere paa , chhipi kyon ? veera ( irritate ) pata nahin ... aadoo arey pata nahin kya matlab ? veera ( bark back ) pata nahin matlab pata nahin ... Ho sakta hai dimagh kharaab ho gaya hai mera ... aaraam se nikal sakti thi ... what 's wrong with I ...? what 's go on ...? mahabir and aadoo look at she . she be deeply intrigue . {1 min} sc # 29 [ a ] night , exterior roadside culvert faint sound of gurubani float in from far . a dhaaba be see at a distance , the tempo be see park there . aadoo be do something at the tempo . mahabir and veera be sit on a side of the dhaba . mahabir be eat . he look up at veera . veera be sit silently , look into the distance . mahabir continue to eat . he be finish . mahabir khaana hai to kha le jaldi ... veera do not reply . mahabir kya ...? she turn and look at he . her mind be somewhere else . silence . veera Main nau saal ki thi ... ghar mein ... Vo import chocolate laate the - mere uncle ... dad se bhi bid the vo ... mujhe god mein bitha kar pyaar karte the ... mahabir be look at she . veera aur akele mein ... bathroom ke andar ... phir god mein bithate the ... pyaar karte the ... her breath rise . veera dard hota tha ... bahot ... Main ... mere ... cheekhti thi main , magar vo mera munh band kar dete the aise haath se munh band kar dete the ki meri cheekh baahar to nikle aur bahot dard aur main .... main ... shh ... shhh .... Bas bas bas ... Ho gaya ... meri gudiya ... best ladki hai duniya ki , sab se beautiful ... mahabir be stare at she . veera phir aate the ... phir munh dabaate ... baar baar aate the ... andar cheekhti thi main ... sh ... shhh ... kisi se kehna nahin , theek hai ...? ek din maine mummy ko bol diya , bataya unhein ... mummy not kaha shh ... shh ... kisi se kehna nahin , theek hai ...? kisi se nahin kehna . Maine kisi se nahin kaha . uske baad vo sab band ho gaya . phir bhi vo aate the , mere liye chocolate le kar ... import chocolate ... aaj bhi aate hain ... shukla tau ... Main unke god mein baithti hoon , vo mujhe pyaar karte hain , main smile karti hoon ... meri gudiya ... sab se beautiful ... flashback veera 1 a nine year old girl , stand under a tree in the garden . High key , high saturation , grainy picture . the girl be smile . sc # 29 [ B ] night , exterior roadside culvert veera sit with mahabir . he be look at she . veera janwar saale ... tameez , tehzeeb ... namaste karo , paon chhuo inke ... flashback veera 2 the girl be search for something in the grass . se # 29 [ C ] night , exterior roadside culvert veera har taraf vohi hain ... unke beech rehna hai , hansna hai ... dosti karni hai pyar karna hai ... she look at mahabir . he now look away , put up a tough face . then turn and walk away . she keep look at he . {3 mins} se # 30 night , exterior roadside aadoo get in , mahabir close the rear flap of the tempo , walk to the front . veera be stand there . she look at he . he open the door for she . she look at the door , do not move . he look at she . she look down . then she look at he , move to he . she open she arm and hug he . he get stiff . she hold he . he be awkward . she hold he arm and lift it to she back so that he hold she . then she put she face on he side . he feel a softness run through he body , he hold she with he other arm as well . she hold he properly . he hold she tighter . her eye close and she exhales as a relief cover she . after a while she part , he look away . she do she hair , look at he . he open the door . she hold he shoulder for support as she climb . he shut she door . and walk back to he side , as though nothing have happen and hold the door to open it . he wait , look down . he wait a moment with himself , then open the door . {1 min} sc # 31 night , exterior highway the highway roll at night . in the front cabin of the tempo Traveller — mahabir be drive , veera be sit next to he . she speak after a while — veera jahan se tum mujhe laaye ho , main vahan vaapas nahin jaana chahti . jahan le ja rahe ho , vahan pahonchna nahin chahti . par ye raasta ... ye bahot achcha hai . Main chahti hoon ye raasta kabhi khatam to ho ... silence as both look in front . Music — the highway theme . the highway roll in the night . { 4 min} < interval > / 1 br 1 min/ the investigation [ a ] sire blare as the yellow light signal rush into the police headquaters . [ B ] the comissioner of Police , Delhi , be rush up the step , talk on the phone . [ C ] the comissioner be briefing the senior officer of the special cell about the veera tripathy abduction case . comissoner fir dera mandi Police station mein darj hai , Delhi ki jurisdiction mein . case ke papers aapko mile chuke hain ... [ D ] a politician with Mr manek tripathy in he draw room . tripathy dekho yaar ye baat public nahin ho sakti . Minister special cell handle kar rahi hai ye case . information need to know basis par hi aage dee jayegi . [ E ] officer of the special cell in the shanty house where veera be first take . the plainclothes acp talk on the phone — acp mahabir bhaati , status faraar hai ... yes sir . Sir ... ye kidnapper nahin hain , contract criminal hain . land -grab , dacoity etc ke zyada case hain . [ F ] policeman look at screen at the special cell investigation room . mahabir 's hand and thumb print come up on a screen . [ G ] mahabir talk to tonk in the Salt Factory compound . mahabir ladki ke phone mein battery laga , phone kar , phir battery likaad de . [ h ] veera 's rush in to tripathy 's study late at night . mother veera ka phone hai ... ( into phone ) hello ... haan ... [ 1 ] tonk on the other side . tonk hum dekhna chahte hain ki tum bharose ke laayak ho ki nahin ... pher phone karenge ... [ J ] the phone interception room at the special cell office . policeman listen in . [ k ] a special cell officer hand a paper to the acp . Officer Sir noida se call hui hai ... just dilli ke border se . [ L ] Police jeep rush on the highway . m tonk sit in the chair car of a train , watch a video on he phone . N ] a checkpost near noida , vehicle get check . o ] fat man talk to a special cell officer in a dingy restaurant . fat man Sir maine khud chal ke aapko bataya nahin bataya ... to je kyon chhipa goru loonga ...? Vo madam not kaha le gaya mujhe kasam se nahin pata ... abhi tak ... p ] mahabir 's photo get fax . veera 's photo get fax . q] goru sit in a room with fat man and the special cell officer . Main bataane hi to aaya hoon sir , sab kuch bataoonga ... Hai to ...? na bataane waali koi baat hi nahin hai ... R ] Police jeep and vehicle reach the desert Salt Factory in sambar . a group of travel family be sit to the side . the special cell Police Inspector be stand in the factory compound . his subordinate officer walk up to he . Officer Sir saat - aath din pehle nikle hain yahan se . S ] the Home Minister on the phone Minister tab to kaheen bhi ho sakte hain ... tonk T ] tonk be on the phone agli baar main bataoonga ki paise kis tarah dene hain ... U ] the special cell officer be talk on the phone — Officer Sir phone Calcutta se tha ... yes sir veera tripathy ke number se . 'v ] tonk be travel by train , watch a video on a phone . ' X ] Police barricade happen at various place . not y ] veera 's mother rock on a chair at night , tense . mother God know vo kahan hai be waqt ... vo kya kar rahe hai uske saath ... Z ] Police siren as patrol happen on various street , in various town . {1 4 mins} freedom { song 3 } ( part one ) veera 's hand , make wave in the breeze outside the tempo window , play . then she remove she hand and get she face out of the window , into the strong breeze . her eye narrow , hair fly amuck . panjab . veera lie on the side of the highway as vehicle grind past very close to she . veera drink orange juice with aadoo on the roadside . mahabir look from the rear view as he sit on the driver 's seat of the tempo nearby . veera take large gulp , show she bicep to aadoo . veera be run next to a canal , racing with the tempo . mahabir and aadoo wash the tempo near a bridge on the canal . there be water spout out of some fat pipe . veera climb the pipe and lower she face into the gush and scream . the three of they be sit under a tree next to the canal and eat . tree and field pass as the tempo move . veera run and walk in the wide wheat field . she look back . mahabir be stand in the distance , watch over she . she turn and continue to play in the field . se # 32 Day , ext / interior dhaba Area veera be walk out of the washroom of the dhaaba . two boy cross , look at she and as she walk up one of they comment — Boy 1 kya samaan chhipa le ja rahi hai kapdon mein ...? Boy 2 oye check to kara ...? veera turn to they aggressively and charge . veera kya bola ? haan ...? Boy 1 ( step up ) aaja kone mein batata hoon . veera ( call ) mahabir ... mahabir sit at the corner , have tea . hear the call and quickly get up and stride towards she . veera turn to see he come , turn to the boy . and charge at they . veera chal bata ... bata ... the boy look at mahabir as he come in charge . veera kya hua ? nahin bataega ? mahabir grab both the boy by they neck . he bang they on the wall . veera come to they . veera bata ... bol saale ... bol ... Boy 1 nahin nahin , kuch nahin ... veera hit out at they as mahabir hold they throat to the wall . veera kuch nahin ...? kuch nahin ...? {1 min} freedom { song 3 } ( part two ) veera climb up mound in the field , sit , fall roll over , laugh and sit again . she be sleep in the shade of the mound . later , she be walk on the road , bite on a guava . mahabir drive the tempo slowly along with she on the path . the highway run . the highway road run in a town area . a man be see stand up from a food stall and walk up , bow . it be tonk . he climb into the tempo next to aadoo , look at mahabir — all happy to meet each other . tonk ( to mahabir ) aage se leave ... the tempo enter the noor Mahal dana mandi . {3 4 mins} se # 33 Day , ext / interior daana mandi , desert House the atmosphere of the noor Mahal dana mandi . look at the old desert house , then make way up the stair of a house , through a door with a recently break lock , come to a courtyard with overgrown grass . veera walk in with aadoo . she have be look at everything with amazement . mahabir cross to the inside room . veera kaisi kaisi jagah hai be country mein ...? aadoo aisi tooti purani gandi jagah hi kyon pasand aaye hai aameeran ko ...? hain ...? veera laugh . {1 / 2 min} se # 34 Day , interior desert room veera enter in front of the wall , still smile . tonk ( oc ) ar nek idhar a ja ... a newspaper be hand to she . tonk yaay pakad , tareek dikhaani hai . she hold it , tonk begin to take picture with a small digital camera , she see that be a bangla newspaper . veera ye language kaun si hai ? aadoo bangali ... veera ki unhein lage hum Bengal mein hain ....? hmmmm , smart ... tonk remove the camera . tonk oye apharan huya ae tero ... dukhi to lag ja ... she laugh . tonk ( to aadoo ) aiso ka ghanta paise milenge humein ...? aadoo achcha chal hasna band ... serious , serious ... veera teri shakl dekh kar koi ghanta serious ho sakta hai ...? she laugh . veera aadoo ... she laugh more . aadoo okay lo main peeche mud jaata hoon ... aadoo turn back , face mahabir who be stand at the door . mahabir be look strictly at the proceedings . veera be attempt to control she laughter behind . aadoo look at mahabir , get into think . {1 min} se # 35 even , exterior noor Mahal yard / Terrace mahabir sit on a step with tonk have tea and mathri . a mechanic be work on the tempo engine . aadoo be look at the engine . then he look behind . veera be see stand on the terrace in the distance . mahabir be keep watch on veera as well . meanwhile — tonk jagah theek ae ... samaan-sumoon lena hai to market hai ... aadoo come up to they . mahabir latte lene hain laundiya ke ... Vo aise alag su to dikhe ... aadoo apna to achcha achcha hone waala hai sab ... par poochna tha ki ye phirauti aur phone ke chakkar mein pange pad gaye ... by the way ... to kya ab bhi ... mahabir look at he . aadoo look at he , rephrase . aadoo to plan to vohi rahega to apna ...? mahabir ( stare ) kyon ...? aadoo aise hi ... pooch raoon mahabir ( strongly ) ya laundiyaye kotthe pe bechenge ... aadoo ( agree ) haan ... mahabir jaada laad mein mat to a vaake ... aadoo na to , aisa to hai ... pause . mahabir vaaki ijjat hai . aur kae ki ijjat to hai ...? pause . mahabir ghareeban ki lugai ki kaha ijjat ? vaaye to le jao raatan mein , ki seher su baddo saahab aayo 0 , lugai lagegi aaj raat ... aur le ke kaun ja go ...? tonk ae chod to bhai , rehn de ... mahabir vaaka apna ghar waala ... marad ... Vo baahar jameen pe baitthego , aur lugai bhittar , saob ke saath . phir darwaja khulego aur vo apni lugaiya le ke ghar vaapas aur apna saara ghusso lugai pe ee likaadego ... kyonki ye ameeran ... ye jab chahein jaise chahein le sake ain mhaari ... aadoo scratch he head , look down in physical discomfort . mahabir ( seethe ) inki to maa ka saala ... inki mar ka ... silence . aadoo be sit , head crane down . tonk be look the other way . mahabir be look straight . veera be see on the terrace in the distance . veera be eat some sweet , look around happily at the town . the sun be set on noor Mahal . { 1 4 minute } /8 2 minute / sc # 36 [ a ] night , exterior open courtyard , desert House Front a courtyard on the first floor at night . mahabir be see sit to one side , do something . aadoo be see come up the stair follow by veera . he look at mahabir and stop , return to she . veera be completely cover in a chaadara . aadoo ( nervous ) meri maan , aaj rehne de . aaj mood theek to hai bhai ka veera to main theek karti hoon to mood ... aadoo arey ... veera cross he , walk towards mahabir . aadoo quickly turn and slink away . veera realize as she reach behind that mahabir be hum a tune . she slow down , tiptoe softly to reach he . she listen . mahabir hum for a while as he change lace of he shoe . she move again . mahabir turn suddenly to she . she get a start . mahabir paagal ae ...? pher to kariyo , samjhi ? veera notice that he be very tense . veera ( easily ) hmm . samajh gayee . she come across . he look at she . mahabir ( gruff ) kaha baat hai ? veera dhaenteran ... she open the chaadara , show off the new ethnic clothes that she be wear . veera tumne kaha tha mere liye kapde lene ... aadoo not bataya ... he turn away . veera acting mat karo , bahot achchi lag rahi hoon main ... pause , he continue with he shoe . she sit , then begin to hum the tune that he be hum . he look at she . veera ye kaun sa gaana hai ? he do not reply . look away . veera haan ...? mahabir ( rude ) tujhe kaam ka hai ? veera mujhe ye gaana sunna hai ... ( settles down ) ye kaam hai he look at she . mahabir ( with finality ) dekh tu abhi chali ja . chal ... she remain there , look at he with tenderness . veera mahabir bhaati ... he do not reply . veera bahot achchi tune hai ye ... pause . she hum the tune again . he be get disturb , remain look down . then — veera batao to , kahan suni ...? mahabir ( suddenly scream ) kyon bataoon main ...? hain ...? he be aware that he have over-reacted . he look down . veera ab to zaroor jaanna hai mujhe . kaun sa gaana hai ? mahabir look at she in irritation . mahabir gaana to hai ... veera to phir ? gaana nahin hai to tumne kahan suna ...? mahabir meri mar gaati thi ... veera really ...? wow ... tumhaare liye gaati theen ...? haan ? bolo to please ... mahabir arey haan mere liye gaati thi ... Vo kaam karti thi to ... main uske saath hota tha to ... main rota tha ... to vo gaati thi ... Ho gaya ...? veera tum rote the ...? oh ... she find this very endear . he be befuddle . veera to tumhaari mother tumhaare saath hi rehti hain ? he look at she , get work up in a spark , stand . mahabir chal , bahot ho gaya , bhittarr ja. ( stern ) chal uth ... she do not move , look up at he . veera kya hai to , mera mood nahin hai jaane ka . he get synge . mahabir bahot par nikal aaye hain tere ? veera Hai to ? aur darr to bilkul khatm ho gaya hai . aur bura mat manna magar ab to kaafi cute lagne lage ho tum mujhe ... he look at she , unable to react . veera achcha rote kyon thhe tum ? haan ? batao to ? kaun tang karta tha baba ko ? he turn to she again , in anger again , but look vulnerable . then turn and walk away . veera ( call after ) achcha sorry ... sorry , nahin poochoongi ... promise nahin poochoongi ... suno to ... he walk across the terrace , hurry down the step . then stop in between , gather himself , then walk down . but slow down . he can hear veera hum he mother 's tune . he look up . veera come to the edge of the terrace , hum the tune . mahabir hide at the wall . she do not know he be there . he stand and listen . he start to become unstettle . Village flashback a brick kiln , see through crop at night . a boy of eleven weep tear of rage , be restrain , be slap . aankh neeche , aankh neeche , he be be tell in gurjari . another slap . a lady in the kitchen space in the village house , be scold by the man — dhyaan kahan hai tera , hain ? jala kar rakh kar dee daal . the superviser 's office room next to the kiln at night , see from a distance . someone seem to be sit on the floor outside , wait . {1 / 2 min} sc # 36 [ B ] night , exterior open courtyard , desert House Front mahabir try to control himself with a tough attitude . veera be put word in the tune — ro to ... hmm hmm ... to ro .... hmm hmm hmm hmmm so ja to ro ... mahabir stand alone in the dark , fight something inside . {4 minute } / 13 minute / the lullaby { song 4 } part one mahabir drive the tempo , the memory in he mind . veera sit next to he , hum the tune that she have hear from mahabir last night . flashback . the lady , now work in the brick kiln . she be push a wheel - barrow . flashback . the boy , now thirteen , be sit on the floor of a crowded move bus , weep . mahabir drive the tempo . veera be sing the song . the song be choke mahabir and he be surprised by that . but he do not want to admit to it , hold himself strongly . flashback , the lady be hold a infant mahabir in she arm , sit in the field near the kiln and sing the lullaby to he . this be the same song that we hear veera hum in the beginning title . the infant be cry . the lady be sing . the tempo move from panjab to himachal pradesh . mahabir wake with a jerk . he have be sleep in the rear as the tempo move in the day . veera instantly put she hand on he forehead , stroke he head . he be in shallow sleep , look at she caring face . he come to he sense , feel strange . she stoops more towards he , stroke he head . he close he eye . she watch over he , comfort he as he sleep . he keep he eye close . flashback . the lady sing while work in the field . the kid be tie to she back with cloth . the lady 's caring , loving face as she sing to he . mahabir drive the tempo . veera sing the song in the journey . the tempo travel in the hill . veera walk into the market place of a hill town call rampur under the watchful eye of mahabir . her head be cover in a shawl . they move into a shop . se # 37 Day , interior Hill shop mahabir give money to the shopkeeper , then look around . veera be sit next to he , look at he . veera tumhaari mother ... he look at she . veera kya bulaate ho tum unko ? pause . mahabir amma veera hmm ... to amma ... vo theek to hain to ...? mahabir look at she , insecure . veera matlab ... theek hain to ? she realize that he do not know . then she come forward to speak — veera tumhein mujhse promise karna hoga mahabir , ki ye sab khatam hote hi tum unse miloge . kahan hain vo ...? he look at she . mahabir gaam mein ... veera to tum gaon ja kar unse miloge . theek hai ? he be stare at she . veera haan ? he nod . veera promise ? he nod again . she smile , then get up , move . he remain look at she . Music begin again . {1 / 2 min} the lullaby { song # 4 } part two mahabir be look at veera as she walk ahead of he up the step of the market - place . he be look at she differently now . the tempo be park on a street corner . aadoo open the rear flap . veera walk up , turn to look at mahabir , then climb in . mahabir walk up . he come up to the tempo rear , look at she . she smile at he . he look down , close the flap . he stand there for a moment . he walk to the front seat , get up . the tempo run on the highway in the hill . Music end . {4 mins} se # 38 Day , exterior market shop aadoo be stand at a music stall in a local market , go through mp3 . he pick one up . aadoo ( look at it ) inglis hai to full ...? shopkeeper ( oc ) total aadoo be look at the disc cover . se # 39 Day , exterior empty yard veera , sit on the front seat of the tempo , look at the song list on the mp3 with excitement . aadoo be stand next to she . veera ye waala ... she make to take the disc out . western dance { song # 5 } mahabir return to the tempo , move to the front to check something as the western song begin to play on the music system . it be a song like — ' do not you wish you girlfriend be hot like I 's . mahabir see that veera be on the front seat , listen to the music . aadoo be on the ground on the other side . veera start to get with the music , with the full western attitude . she begin to move , then more and more . finally , she jump down , begin to dance with attitude . aadoo have move back , be look at she , look at mahabir . mahabir be look at veera , look around , no threat , look back at she . veera be full out pump the dance , it have be a while for she . she turn to look at mahabir , entrance by the attitude , connect with he without break the act . he look at she . he see she . she be different from he . he turn casually to the tempo engine , do he check up and stuff . she turn to look at aadoo . aadoo begin to move he head , look at mahabir , continue to move he head . then with a large paintra jump forward — hadippa . he begin to do bhangra step to the western music . she continue to dance with western attitude without break . he do full baisakhi bhangra . mahabir move behind the tempo , stand lean he back on it , in think . {2 4 mins} / 20 minute / sc # 40 Day , exterior town outskirt the tempo be see approach a town . the tempo drive up and halt on the roadside . mahabir be see get off the tempo , walk to the rear . verea look at mahabir as he open the flap . mahabir aa ja ... veera notice a soft attitude in mahabir towards she . she instantly move to come down . mahabir take veera forward , look around . they be carry they bag . they come up to aadoo who be at the driver 's seat . mahabir give aadoo the key . aadoo chandigarh bus stand ... mahabir nod . aadoo smile at he , hold he hand . aadoo bahot sahi bhai ... then he look at veera . aadoo okay tata ... veera tum ja rahe ho ...? aadoo yes no right Andy Sandy veera giggle . aadoo khayaal rakhna ... veera phir milenge ... he nod , look at mahabir , nod to he . mahabir turn around , veera follow , they walk away . veera be wonder where they be go . mahabir be walk , look down . then he look at she deliberately as they walk up . the tempo be see turn around and drive away behind they . she look at he . he keep look . she feel shy after a while , look down , feel the thrill of heartbeat . he look at she for a long time , look as though he be remember she . {1 min} sc # 41 [ a ] Day , exterior town marketplace , Lane the marketplace . veera be subtly look around as she walk , also casting glance at mahabir , feel happy . mahabir walk she into a lane . he stop , look forward . mahabir vaan dekh ... Police s-tation ae ...? she look . there be a Police Station behind they , at a little distance . mahabir bheetar ja ke s-tation incharge se mile ... she look at he in question . mahabir apna naam bata , aur pitaji ka naam ... bol tu vohi hai jaaka dilli se kidnap hua ... she smile . veera tum jaante ho main nahin jaoongi ... he disregard that , continue — mahabir aur ya phaun le apna ... ghar phaun kar liyo ... he begin to put some cash in she bag . veera ( snigger ) sunai nahin de raha hai ? Main nahin jaoongi . mahabir ( flare ) nahin jayegi to kaaha karegi hain ...? shaadi karegi mere se ? bachche paalegi mere ...? hain ...? kaaha karegi ...? veera ( retort ) ye achanak kya ho jaata hai tumhein ...? ye kya scene create kar rahe ho ...? mahabir ( continue to charge ) kaaha karegi tu mere saath ...? kaaha karegi ... tu jaanti nahin main kaun oon ...? veera vohi to baat hai ... Main jaanti hoon tum kaun ho ... mahabir break out . mahabir Teen khoon kiye hain maine ... theek hai ...? Maine ... yo haath ... yaa se , ya ... he be shiver . mahabir mari jindagi khatam ae kuch to ho sake ae , theek to ho sake , bas mar jaoonga ... tu mud ja ... dil se dua hai tere liye ... he look briefly at she , then turn and walk away . she look at he go , reeling under what she have hear . then speak - veera kaise ... she rush after he . veera kaise mahabir ...? he stop , turn to she . mahabir dekh main keh raha hoon chali ja ... baot bura ho jaaga , chali ja ... veera kya kahaani hai tumhaari mahabir ...? ( come forward ) kaise ho gaya ye sab ...? mahabir ( seethe ) chup , chup ... munh band kar aur ja police station . veera ( insulted , challenge ) nahin jaoongi . kya kar loge ? he look at she , then grab she arm and start walk she to the police station . she grunt in anger , resist with all she strength . veera what the hell ... chhodo ... chhodo mujhe ... mahabir ... mahabir chup chaap chal veera bahot taaqat hai ? ( fight he ) bahot taaqat hai ? the struggle intensify and people notice . mahabir ae main bata raha hoon dimagh kharaab mat kar ... veera ( use all she strength ) nahin jaoongi ... nahin jaoongi . mera bhi khoon kar do ... he leave she , glare at she in fury . she look back in defiance . then he turn and walk towards the police station . she look at he go . there be a constable stand outside the police station . veera mahabir , ruko ... then she go behind he . veera kya bachpana hai ...? he begin to walk faster . she run , reach and grab he . veera paagal ho gaye ho ...? he grab she and move in the same flow towards the police station as the constable watch , then push she close to the constable and quickly turn and run back leave veera confound . the constable be look at she , greatly intrigue . mahabir cross the lane , hurry down as he heart beat , as he feel a melting inside . he be try to control himself . veera be stand in front of the police constable , blank . constable 1 haanji ... the constable step up to veera . constable 1 kya baat hai ? veera close she eye for a moment . pause . constable 1 ( oc ) hello ... another policeman emerge from the building , look at she . veera open she eye , a rush of various thought in she brain . the other constable be come up to she . Inspector ( oc ) Excuse ... veera ek second ... mujhe ek call karni hai . she turn , take she phone out , move a few step away as the policeman look at she . she look at she phone for a second . then she look up in the direction that mahabir have leave . sc # 42 [ a ] Day , exterior town Street mahabir catch a local vehicle that ply in the town , and leave . sc # 41 [ B ] Day , exterior town marketplace , Lane veera stand in the police station compound . her heart be beat . she contort she face then suddenly start to run . the police man be see reacting in surprise behind as veera cross the lane like mahabir have do . {3 mins} sc # 42 [ B ] Day , exterior town Street veera pace up in great hurry as people notice . she ask a paaserby — veera Bus stand kahan hai bhai saab ...? chandigarh ki bus kahan milegi ...? she come on the street to a local vehicle . she come alongside the driver . veera rekong peo bus stand ... {1 / 2 min} se # 43 Day , exterior trekker on highway the trekker move on the highway between kalpa and rekong peo . veera 's face as she sit in the trekker , look forward anxiously . she have to catch he . she can not let go . it 's a strange journey . she feel something she have never feel before . the road ahead , from veera 's point of view . {1 / 2 min} se # 44 Day , exterior town Bus stand , Bus mahabir be stand in the dark space on the side of a shop . he be look down , tea in hand . after a while he take a sip . another sip , then see something and immediately step forward . it be veera on the platform in the distance , look around for he in panic , people notice she . mahabir look at she . then take another step forward , to show himself . she continue the panic search in the distance for a moment , then look and the panic stop . she rush towards he . he see she come for a second . then he turn , she slow down . he look at something and move to the ticket counter . she come up to he as he get into the ticket queue . her breath be up , she be anxious , and angry . veera ek baat tum samajh lo mahabir ... jo bhi hona hai to ... vo tum akele nahin decide kar sakte , samjhe ...? tumhein mujhse ... mahabir have be look around , not at she . mahabir ( cut she ) vahan ja ke khadi ho ja , bench ke paa . she realize that she need to be discreet , turn , cover herself more with the shawl and walk up . she stand behind the water cooler , still breathe hard , look at he . he be buy some ticket . he look at she . she look tense , apprehensive and teary . she be look at he , wonder . he smile at she — a wide smile from the heart . she be hit by it , melt . {1 4 mins} song # 6 ( part one ) she take support of the pillar , try to relax . she look at he . he be in the queue , look at she . she turn back , sit down on the ground . some native woman be try to get into a state transport bus . veera join they , help a old woman get up . veera be sit on the aisle seat next to the old woman , wait for mahabir . the bus move . she panic , begin to look out , desperately . mahabir come up the move bus . she see he , he see she . she relax . he walk up the aisle without look at she . they be pretend that they do not know each other . last . he come and stand next to she . she close she eye . then she move she knee to touch he . he control he reaction , look away . she sit there , feel comfort in the touch . he stand there , confuse in the warmth that he be feel . they have no place together . they be together only as long as the journey they be sit on different seat in the bus . not look but connect . the bus stop for a break at a dhaaba . veera get off . mahabir get off a little behind she . she look towards he , go behind the bus . he go the other way . se # 45 Day , exterior roadside dhaaba veera be recline on the back of the park bus . she be look down in think . mahabir come in . he look away , stand . she look away too . she speak after a moment . veera bachche paalne ka plan nahin hai he look down . veera shaadi ka bhi nahin hai . plan nahin hai ... Bas aisa lag raha hai ki thoda aur ... thodi door aur ... she look at he , continue — veera thoda aur time — tumhaare saath ... ( pause ) Maine kabhi aisa kabhi feel nahin kiya hai to ... ki main jo chaahe kar sakti hoon , jaise chaahe reh sakti hoon ... kyonki tum samhaal loge . Maine kabhi aisa feel nahin kiya hai . ( pause ) magar tum phans jaoge ... pehle vo soch rahe the ki hum shayad Calcutta mein hain . ab unhein pata chal jayega hum be area mein hain . ab koi chance nahin hai bachne ka , hai to ? haan ...? mahabir hmm ... veera shit yaar ... sab kharaab ho gaya . n e close she eye , face down . then she look back at he maturely . veera kya karein ? bolo ... they be look at each other . mahabir mera khayaal oopar chalte hain n e look at he for a moment , then — veera haan ...? mahabir chhat par ... chalegi ...? n e feel a thrill , giggle , but then get quickly anxious again . veera magar hum aage ... mahabir kitta baat karegi ...? chal she giggle in excitement . then follow he up the iron stair to the roof . they tip - toe as he lead she forward . then sit in front of a tarpauline which cover some luggage . a jolt as the bus start , she giggle again . {2 mins} song # 6 ( part two ) the himalayas . the mountain see from close . the snow , cloud , rock . veera and mahabir sit on the bus top . after a while she put he arm around herself . he hold she . she get comfortable . he look the other way . the journey continue . both get anchore . {4 mins} sc # 46 even , exterior cliff the sun be set in the hill . veera walk up a cliff , look at the sun . veera hi ... the set sun . veera yaar tumne kabhi bataya nahin ki duniya aisi bhi hai ... unbelievable . she look at the sun . veera kya hua ? Maine bhi nahin bataya tha ki main aisi hoon ...? mujhe khud kahan pata tha ? magar hoon ... to hoon .... she sit down , look at the sun . the sun be set in the hill . {1 min} se # 47 late even , exterior Mountain Road a distant look at some vehicle park on the road . the bus reach the jam . mahabir walk up on the side of vehicle to a group of people stand around a official look young man , all speak hectic in local language . the talk be about the landslide and jcb and blast machine . people be look at they watch . sc # 48 night , int / exterior Inside the Bus some people sleep inside the bus . on the aisle floor veera be lie down , wrap in a blanket . directly ahead of she in the aisle be mahabir , also lie down . he now raise himself to look at she . she look up . veera theek hoon ... so jao ... he lower to lie down again . mahabir takleef utha rahi hai bahot ... jaanta hoon main ... veera takleef to hai , jhoot nahin boloongi . mahabir hmm ... par abhi kaa kar sake hain ...? veera Main kuch karoon ...? mahabir hmm ...? kaa ? she slide up , reach he toe , slide up , he adjust , she slide up to he chest , slide up and put she head in line with he . veera hmm ... ab koi takleef nahin ho rahi . he do not react , be awkward . veera tumko ho rahi hai ? mahabir haan ...? veera takleef ? mahabir nahin ... veera good . aur agar main tumhaare baazu par sar rakh doon , usmein koi takleef hai ? he say nothing . veera Main bataati hoon . she pull he arm out , put she head on it , lie down in the confine space . veera aise . takleef hai ? silence . veera haan ? mahabir nahin . so ja . veera okay . good night . silence . they lie snug , go to sleep . {1 min} bare Mountain sumo bare mountain in the morning . a lone sumo be see run on the bare road in the distance . veera sleep in the rear seat , mahabir sit in front . the point of view of the vehicle on the mountain road . the sumo be see park near a monastery . { 1 / 2 min} /35 minute / se # 49 Day , ext / interior monastery Terrace veera be sit at a distance from the monastery , look ahead . mahabir step up to she from behind , look . mahabir kaha dekha kare hai itte ghor se ...? veera tumhein pahaad pasand hain ya samundar ? mahabir samandar to dekha hai maine . veera mujhe bhi pahaad pasand hain . she look at the hill in the distance . veera ab jaise vo hai ... aisa lag raha hai jaise vo bula raha hai mujhe ... kaash hum vahan ja paate ... mahabir chal ... she look at he . veera ( disbelief ) hum vahan jayenge ? mahabir aur koi plaan hai ? she giggle . veera nahin ... mahabir to chal ... veera ( excited ) chal ... he move . she move out with he . {1 / 2 min} change Mountain montage 1 the mountain . veera and mahabir be see walk towards it . he be be careful about she . she be thrilled to be here . se # 50 Day , exterior Mountain path veera be sit on the path , look at mahabir . he be sit on the side . veera please ... he be uneasy . veera ek second ke liye yaar ... he open he bag and take out the gun , give it to she . she come to a forward posture , look at the gun with awe and take it in both she hand . veera ( excited ) whoa ... then she make to aim at something . mahabir Ho gaya ? vaapas de . she bring the gun close to look , then hold the gun with both hand and — veera dhichkyon , dhichkyon ... mahabir haan theek hai de de . veera power hai boss ... he try to take the gun from she , she dodge and point the gun at he . veera hand up ... mahabir ( sudden ) thappad maroonga ... veera arey ...? mahabir matlab khelne ki cheej thodi hai ... La de ... veera achcha ek baat batao ... ek goli mein aadmi khatam ho jaata hai to ? haan ...? mahabir do aadmi . ja par chale hai .. aur jo chalaye hai ... ( pause ) bahot buri cheej hai ... he extend he hand for the gun . she have be look at he . veera to phenk kyon nahin dete ise ? kyon rakkhi huyi hai ? mahabir ae ... kaa jaanti tu hai in cheejon ke baare mein ...? he snatch the gun from she . mahabir jaanti hai ...? veera dekh rahi hoon .... she look at he . he keep the gun back , look down . she change attitude . veera yaar jhagda nahin karenge hum ... haan ... no jhagda ... mahabir tu aise to kiya kar baatein ... veera ole ole ole ... mahabir pher ... veera achcha sorry ... chalo ... she grab he arm and get he to he foot . veera chalo race . ready ...? he look at she as she take mark . veera ( quick ) steady , go ... she sprint ahead . he look at she , laugh . then walk after . they be see walk in the distance . { 2 4 mins} /38 minute / change Mountain montage 2 veera and mahabir sit on the mountain slope , take a break from the climb . they sit in similar style . they be see walk up the mountain again . Mountains change . View of mountain from the top . sc # 51 even , ext / interior desert Mountain Post a desert post in the snow . veera and mahabir walk towards it . they be cold and out of breath — work up . they enter the enclosure and sit in a corner . veera ye duniya to nahin ho sakti ... haan ...? ye koi aur jagah hai ... duniya nahin hai ... they be chafing , shaking . he be look at she . she look at he . veera ab ...? ( pause ) ab kahan jayenge ...? they look at each other . veera kya hoga ...? haan ...? mahabir kaha pata ... she be get anxious . veera really ... kahan hain hum ...? kahan jayenge ...? mahabir look at she . he take out a bottle of water . veera ye le paani pee le thoda sa she drink the water , wipe she mouth . he make sure the water be wipe . she look at he . he touch she head with he palm . she melt . mahabir abhi so ja , theek hai ...? he remove he hand . mahabir pher kal sooraj aayega , pher hum aage chalenge ... chalenge to raasta mile jayega koi to koi ... hai to ...? veera haan ... mahabir so ja ... she bundle with he arm and close she eye . he smile to himself . then look at she . the smile disappear . he look away , look at she again . the mountain post in fade light . {1 min} change Mountain montage 3 other mountain . Green mountain with snow top . typical whistle of shepherd drift through the mountain air . mahabir and veera be see in the distance . she be riding on he back . the whistle be hear . veera look up from he shoulder , listen to the whistle . he be listen too . she get off he back , intrigue . he move ahead , she follow . he climb up a mound , pull she up . they look down . he seem pleased by what he be look at . she look too . down in the valley be a large flock of nomadic shepherd with they live-stock , crossing through the snow . he look at she , move ahead . she follow . they move down towards the shepherd flock . from a distance they be see come to some of the shepherd family , talk to they . {1 min} se # 52 Day , exterior Mountains , path a path between the mountain . the migratory flock move along a water stream , on both side of the stream . it be raining . veera and mahabir walk the rocky path in the midst of sheep , horse and shepherd . she be look at the hill . veera aise hi kisi phaad par ... mera ghar ho ... main hamesha chaahti thi ... mera ghar . sapna tha mera ... mahabir to chun le koi pahad . ye sab apne hi hain ... veera achcha ? mahabir aur kiske hain ...? apne hain , yaheen milenge jab bi aayegi . veera Main to chun loongi ... par ghar banaane ka kaam tumhaara ... he look at she . she get it . veera matlab makaan ki baat kar rahi hoon , vaise waale ghar ... ki baat nahin kar rahi ... filhaal ... mahabir ( smile ) theek veera chun rahi hoon haan ... she begin to look at the hill as house site . they walk ahead . the migratory flock move down along the stream . {1 min} / 41 minute / se # 53 Day , exterior Water stream gush wild water stream . veera walk up a rock in stream . she clamber on to a rock further in the gush . she stand take the atmosphere in . the water be gush rapidly . she look at it , laugh in exhultation . then sit , look at the water , laugh more , talk to it . the madly rush water in the magnificent valley . veera sit on the rock in the stream . {1 / 2 min} se # 54 Day / even , exterior resting Camp veera sit on a rock on a cliff near the stream . the flock have campe here for temporarily . some child walk up to she . a woman be with they . they greet and smile . woman veera thak gaya ...? nahin nahin ... the woman cross and sit . woman veera woman veera woman veera woman veera woman tum yahan kyon aaya ...? hum aaya ... hum apna ghar ka liye plot dekhne aaya ... haan ...? humko idhar ghar banaana hai ... idhar ...? idhar ghar banaega ...? jee ... kya karega idhar ...? rahega ... apne ghar mein ... Garden mein phool lagaoongi , khaana banaoongi ... ghar ki safai karoongi ... ( point back ) apna khasam ka liye ...? veera turn and look at mahabir . he be with some man nearby . veera woman veera woman veera woma veera haan , iske liye khaana banaoongi... ( enjoy ) haan ... aur kya banayega khaana ? Main banaega ... pizza pomodoro ... haan ...? aur oyester teriyaki ... aur banayega Sushi ... susi ? Sushi , sushi ... they sit chat next to the stream . {1 min} se # 55 late even , exterior even Camp tents be pitch . a lady and some other sing . everyone rest , sit around the fire . a lady be make some typical plait for veera . mahabir be sit close by . he be go with the flow , but do not want to go where he can never reach . {1 / 2 min} sc # 56 Morning , exterior Mountain path the next morning , the flock be see move onwards on a mountain trail . the flock move away from the stream , into the forest . {1 / 2 min} se # 57 Day , exterior path , Mountain Village Music continue as we come to a vantage point at the edge of the forest . mahabir and veera come up and look . a village be see down in the distance . veera look at the shepherd family move into the village . veera khush ho rahe hain bid ... mahabir apne gaam aaye hain ... veera look at he . veera tum bhi to khush hone waale ho jaldi... haan ... haan ...? promise kiya hai tumne ... she grab he arm , they walk ahead . they move into the village with the other . {1 / 2 min} sc # 58 Day , exterior Mountain Cottage a cottage in the village . veera come to it , look . she move closer , draw to it . nearer to the house , mahabir come up with some man and be make to offer they some money which they do not seem to be accept . veera walk up , cross mahabir , look at the house . veera kitni mehnat bach gayee ... yehi to hai mera ghar , exactly jaisa chahiye tha . a young girl open the door of the house as veera come there . she look back at mahabir . he look at she . she walk into the house . mahabir turn to the old man who be with he earlier . Old man aaraam se baitho yahan ... usko aane mein abhi late hai ... mahabir nod . {1 min} sc # 59 Day , interior Mountain Cottage veera turn to look at mahabir as he enter . veera bhook lagi hai ? he look at she . there be a new excitement in she . mahabir haan ... veera dus minute . Main sab kuch ready karti hoon . jab tak tum munh-haath dho , aaraam karo . mahabir saath hi karte hai ready ... veera ji nahin . ye mera ghar hai . chalo out ... she push he out of the door . mahabir arey ... Main andar safai to kar doon ... veera out out out ... she shut the door behind he . he come out , try to look in . turn away . then go to the window , look in . Inside veera break maggi and put it into boil water , then half cover the pot with a lid . then walk energetically to the other room . mahabir walk to peer from the door . Inside , she be do the bed . then take a broom and begin to sweep the floor . there be the thrill of the home - maker in she . mahabir turn away . he feel a lump in the throat . he stand near the door , look the other way . after a while , he hear she call — veera ( oc ) aa jao ... mahabir turn , move inside , look . veera have keep two plate on a mat on the settee . excitement be tick in she as she put the pot of maggi on the mat . she look towards mahabir and smile . mahabir turn back quickly as he face contort . he begin to move back . veera kya hua ? mahabir ek minute he walk out of the door . he try to control himself , but know that a surge of tear be come . he stride up to a basin of water , sit hold it , try to control himself . he can not . he splashes water on he face . he fight with the cry , splashes water again , wipe he face . manage a straight face . he get up . the door open and mahabir come in , look down . he look up . veera have light a candle at the food spread . with great fondness she be place a cushion as a seat for mahabir . mahabir go out before she can see he . he come against the pillar , try to control himself again , but veera come out after a moment . he look at she , look away . she quickly hug he from behind . he break down , begin to weep . veera nahin nahin ... kuch nahin ... mahabir ( weep ) ye cheej ... ye kabhi to mile sake hai ... Mo ko ghar kabhi to mile sake hai ... bahot door chala gaya main ... bahot door chala gaya ... Maine to sochi thi saanjh hote hi laut jaoonga ... har din socha karoon vaapas chala jaoonga ... amma ke paa ... be saal ho gaye ... kaha pata hai bhi ki to amma ... Mar gayee ho shayad ... veera of course hai .. of course ... aur tum jaoge vaapas ... ab sab theek hone waala hai , dekh lena tum mahabir ye ka ho gaya ...? Main yu to hoon ... Main yu to hoon . Bas main va\an khada tha ... va not haath mein bandook pakda dee ... kahi chala de bhaati , chala de ... Maine chala dee ... aise hi ... aur sab khatam ... ( pause ) Maine bahot buri kee hai ... meri koi maafi to hai ... par mere saath kaun si achchi huyi hai ? mere saath bhi to buri hi buri huyi hai to ... Main bi to ... laadla tha amma ka ... amma ... she hug he head to she chest , bring he down to sit on the threshold . his head come to she lap and he curl , she stroke he head , then put she head on he side . they remain like that . veera and mahabir be see at the threshold of they home . { 3 4 minute } /48 ' 4 minute / sc # 60 night , interior Mountain Cottage veera rouse from sleep , look up . she find that mahabir have lift she and be bring she inside the cottage . she have fall asleep . she bundle herself , put she arm around he neck and close she eye . he turn shut the door , turn around and take she through the house into the bed room . he put she into bed . she do not let go of he , pull he . he sit , she pull more , he lie down , she move closer to he , get on top of he , hold he . he hold she . she kick up the quilt to put it on both of they . he relax . it be a strangely comfortable situation . for both of they . {1 min} sunrise in Kashmir a new sun rise in the mountain . sc # 61 Day , interior Cottage room mahabir wake up , see that veera be not in the bed . he get up , look around . then notice outside the window . he see veera walk towards a clear . mahabir stretch , yawn , get out of bed . {1 / 2 min} sc # 62 Day , int / exterior Mountain Cottage , Village veera be walk up the green field amidst the mountain . she be hum a happy tune . she turn and look . mahabir be walk out of the house towards she . she smile at he . he smile , follow she . veera sit on a rock , look into the mountain . Breeze be blow she hair , she be free . she be ham a tune . mahabir be walk up to she . she turn to look at he again , turn back , continue to hum . after a moment , there be a crack sound across the valley . she be surprised . it sound like a thunderbolt . she look to the side , then turn back to look . mahabir be hold he waist , lowering to the ground in the middle of the clear . veera look at he in question . he be turn around to look behind . another crack sound , the second bullet hit mahabir and he fall to the ground . veera be look . behind mahabir she see row of police and paramilitary soldier run in from various side . score of they , all point gun towards mahabir . pause . as veera look . then — veera ( scream ) hey .... she get off the rock , bound towards mahabir . veera heyy ... the force be charge towards mahabir from three side . veera run towards mahabir as he fall to the ground . the lullaby echoe in the beautiful valley . veera be wave she arm to the policeman , rush in . she reach mahabir scream , cover he protectively , breathe hard with she mouth open . he be go senseless . veera ( sudden scream ) mahabir ... he try to push she away from himself . she falter , grab he back . he be try to push she again . veera ( scream ) mahabir ... mahabir look at she . the battalion be rush to they in formation . veera look towards they , then scream to mahabir — veera gun kahan hai ...? tumhaari gun kahan hai ...? mahabir ( mutter ) phenk dee ... she look towards the approach cop , back at mahabir . veera ( scream to revive ) mahabir ... the force reach they . veera ( lash out ) hato ... peeche hato ... the force be surprised , they stop . she be hold mahabir to she chest and scream like a wounded tigress . veera ( scream ) khabardaar ... she look back at mahabir . veera ( scream ) mahabir ... mahabir ... he be mumble something , senslessly . veera ( try to listen ) haan ...? haan ...? sab theek ho jayega ... sab theek ho jayega ... the acp special cell move forward , look at she . acp veera tripathy ? veera ( scream ) goli kyon chalayee you bastard ...? goli kyon chalayee ...? kya kar raha tha ye ...? the acp look back at the force . the man seem confuse . this be not what they be brief . the acp move forward — acp veera suno ... veera peeche ... peeche ... maar daaloongi main ... she turn to mahabir , keep scream to revive he . the acp indicate secretly to the other officer . the formation move sleathily to circle veera . the acp speak to veera — acp isko hopital le jaana chahiye veera ( scream ) shoot kyon kiya ? haan ...? Main chhodoongi nahin ... peeche hato ... acp dekho time nahin hai . isko hospital le jaana hoga varna ye mar jayega .... veera ( scream ) nahin ... kuch nahin hoga ... acp jaldi le jaate hain isey veera ( impatient ) haan , hospital le chalo ... jaldi ... the acp turn and call the medic . acp bulao , bulao ... veera ( try to revive ) mahabir ... mahabir ... {4 mins} sc # 63 Day , exterior Village path medics carry the stretcher through the village path . villager watch . mahabir be on the stretcher — motionless . veera be hold the stretcher close to mahabir 's face , clamber along , speak to he . veera suno ... suno mahabir ... there be no reaction from he . veera Main tumhein gaon le jaoongi , theek hai ? promise ... amma ke paa ... the acp and the medic look at mahabir , look at veera . veera Maine kaha tha to sab achcha hoga ...? kaha tha to ...? kuch nahin hua , sab theek hai ... Main bol rahi hoon to ... tum dekhna ... the stretcher be be take away through the village lane . {1 / 2 min} sc # 64 even , exterior town Hospital the hospital of a small hill town . surrounded by police vehicle . some policeman stand around . a police car and two other rush in and park at the porch . se # 65 even , interior Hospital cabin the door open and veera look up in anticipation . she be sit on the cot . it 's be many hour that she be sit like a rock , the stain of mahabir 's blood still on she firan . she see someone , then turn she eye away in bitter disappoinment . it 's she father . and mother . two other emerge from the curtain . they be look at she , move to she . she be sit , look the other way . mother veera ... veera do not respond . they move to she slowly . suddenly veera turn to they and stand — veera dekhiye ... main jaanti hoon aap kya soch rahe hain ... magar baat kya hai , aap nahin jaante ... anyway , the important thing be that mahabir ko bachaana hai ... usey bachaana hai papa , okay ...? mujhe kidnap kiya ... haan ... magar baat vo nahin hai ... baat ulti hai ... mother kya ho gaya meri bachchi ...? veera ( irritation ) arey kuch nahin hua hai ... ( plain ) kuch nahin hua , main bataoongi ... Father look at a doctor who have come with he , doctor move to she . Doctor veera ... veera ( instinctive ) ye kaun hai ? ye kaun hai ...? Doctor baitho , baith jao ... she get it , snigger . veera aap log kya soch rahe hain ? haan ...? mujhe kuch nahin hua hai ... the doctor have indicate the nurse and the other to hold she . they move close to hold she . veera ye kya ho raha hai ...? they grab she . veera arey ... arey .... 2 ? chhodo ... , chhodo mujhe ... arey ....? it become a struggle . veera ( scream ) papa ... Doctor ( to tripathy ) aap bhi ... tripathy hold she as well , try to calm she down . veera see that a nurse be fill a injection syringe . veera ( sharp ) ye injection kis ke liye ? ( scream ) ruko , ruko ... let I go ... she struggle , they turn she to she side and hold she down as she shout — veera papa please , meri baat suniye ... tripathy sh.. sh .. sh .. the doctor pull she shalwaar down , proceed to disinfect she skin . veera ( scream ) arey stop it ... then she begin to negotiate — veera achcha ek second , ek second ... ek second rukiye ... kuch baat hai , tukiye to ... ek second , dekhiye ... mujhe ... nahin , dekhiye ... baat suniye ... arey ... ek second ... Doctor Bas bas bas ... the needle be pierce and the plunger be press . the doctor be hold cotton - wool to the point . veera ( scream ) baat samajh nahin aati ? ye kya kiya ...? abhi mujhe ... Main ... Doctor shhh ... ab aap so jao . theek hai ? tripathy sleep veera ... you be exhaust . you have to sleep , okay ? the drug begin to have influence on she . veera I do not have to ... no ... flash . Mountains . mahabir in the distance . veera there be ... no ... flash . stream , forest . mahabir walk away . veera 's mind go away . { 1 4 mins} /56 minute / sc # 66 even , int / exterior Hospital corridor Mr. tripathy walk out to the corridor from the room , move to the commisioner of Police , Delhi , who be talk to the acp special cell and the area sp . acp Spot death thi sir . around nine -fifteen . stretcher par daalne ke pehle hi mar chuka tha . tripathy kamal ... the comissioner turn swiftly to he . tripathy veera ko abhi Delhi move kar sakte hain ? cop sure ... Mr. tripathy nod , walk back inside . cop body kahan hai ? Music begin , we begin to move back , down the corridor , away from the policeman as they talk . sp mortuary mein hai sir ... cop Post mortem ho gaya ? acp yes sir cop mahabir bhaati ... acp yes sir {1 / 2 min} the recovery [ a ] the white stripe run on the black road at night . Inside , veera be lie asleep on a cot . a nurse attend to she . she open she eye in the dark , look around , can not comprehend what be happen . [ B ] veera jittering violently . she be in she sense but she mind be swim . veera 's room in tripathy House at night . the nurse get up from she foot and rush to she head . a old governess rush in . nurse aap idhar aao , main injection ready karti hoon . [ C ] veera 's face as she lie motionless on the bed . her mother watch she . the nurse be at she station . [ D ] Day . veera remove she sheet and make to sit . her head spin , she begin to collapse , support herself . the nurse rush to she . veera walk to the bathroom , support heavily by the nurse . [ E ] veera 's mother speak as veera be recline on the bed . mother vinay ki mummy milna chahti hain aapse . achche se milna , theek hai ...? pleasant tareeke se . mother clean out veera 's face a bit with she palm , continue — mother taaki unhein lage sab theek hai , normal hai ... [ F ] vinay 's mother and gaudy sister and sit around veera 's bed . gaudy dad be say we can have the wedding in some other city and I say ammmazz ... I think we can all ... vinay 's Mom ( scrutinizingly ) tumhaara kya khayaal hai veera ...? veera be look at she . vinay 's Mom wedding kis sheher mein honi chahiye ...? veera jee ... mother ( cut in ) MK be say New York . aap logon ke liye bhi convenient hai ... [ G ] veera 's friend and some other sit around veera and talk happily . they look towards veera . veera smile slightly . [ h ] veera sit on the chair , look out of the window . {1 4 mins} sc # 67 night , interior tripathy House merry gather in the hall post dinner . shukla achcha ... har winter mein kehte hain bahot sardi pad rahi hai ... aur har summer mein kehte hain of my god it 's too hot ... gaudy correct correct shukla why be it always a surprise ...? har saal ...? kamaal hai ... meanwhile , veera have appear at the staircase in the distance . now she mother see she and rush forward . mother arey ... kya hua ...? everyone stop and look . mother aap neeche kyon a rahi hain ? where be the nurse ...? mother reach veera , veera continue to climb down . tripathy let she come . aa jao beta ... mother support veera as she climb down , still weak . in the hall there be many other . vinay and he family be there too . everyone look towards she . veera reach a sofa . shukla good . aaiye , baithiye ... veera be make to sit on the sofa . shukla how be you feel now ...? veera ( weak ) better ... veera look around slowly . veera aap sab kaise hain ...? veera hear vinay 's sister titter . shukla Jr ( oc ) hum to theek hain ... vinay 's mom ( oc ) Bus aapke baare mein thoda worried thhe ki aapki tabiyat theek ho jaaye veera hmm ... shukla ( oc ) pehle se bahot behtar lag rahi hai manu ... everyone be look at veera . veera turn to vinay . veera hi vinay ... everyone smile , a pleasant hum in the room . they watch intently . vinay hi veera ... veera pahaad ke oopar ... ghar mile gaya mujhe ... vinay ( oc ) really ...? veera banaya maine khaana ... apne ghar ki safai bhi kee ... phir goli chal gayee ... veera 's mother try to change the topic — mother vinay ko mountain bahot pasand hain to ...? Austria mein vo kaun sa resort hai veera ka favourite ...? priya the ski resort ...? veera ( continue she drift ) Main hamesha kehti thi to ... ki main bhaag jaaongi yahan se , mujhe sheher mein nahin rehna ...? sab kehte hain , bhaagta koi nahin hai . Main bhi nahin jaati ... agar mahabir mujhe kidnap kar ke to le gayaa hota . magar ab to ... main ja chuki hoon . ab main vaapas nahin a sakti . Mr. tripathy sit up . tripathy I think tumhein aaraam karna chahiye veera . we will talk later . veera ( unaffected ) ajeeb baat hai ... kidnap ho gayee ... par vahan azaad thi ... aur yahan ... jail mein ... tripathy arey ... ( snigger ) anyway , pratima ... mother ( come forward ) chalo veera ... veera ( disregard ) ye ghar hai mera ...? she look at the elderly gentleman as she be make to stand . her mother notice . mother come ... veera aaj chocolate nahin laaye shukla tayaji ...? shukla ( smile ) abhi mangwa kar deta hoon ... veera kahan ? shukla hmm ...? veera kahan denge ? yahan , ya bathroom mein ...? shukla look at she . veera haan ...? mother ( undercurrent ) veera , chup ... veera turn to she . veera ( aloud ) jee mummy ...? kuch kehna hai ...? mother become uncomfortable , look at tripathy , tripathy be look at she , at shukla . shukla shrug . shukla hunh ... strange ... ahem ... veera look at shukla . veera yaad nahin a raha hai ...? Main yaad karati hoon — meri princess ... duniya ki sabse khoobsurat ladki hai meri bachchi ... yaad aay : apne haath se mera munh daba kar band kar dete the ... haan ...? taaki meri cheekh baahar to nikle ... haan ...? jo main chillati thi ... jo main we pain mein cheekhti thi vo cheekh baahar to nikle koi sun to le isliye zor se mera munh daba dete the shh ... shh ... shukla ( simultaneously ) arey ... arey ... tripathy whaa ... shukla 's son stare at he father , at veera . shukla by god ... mother priya hold she please ... mother and she sister priya make to turn veera away . shukla sach mein paagal ho gayee hai ye ... sahi keh rahe hain sab ... veera ( continue ) bathroom mein ... baar baar ... nal chala kar ... mother ( scolding nurse ) kahan chali gayee thi tum haan ...? the nurse turn veera , mother and she begin to pull she away now . nurse aaiye , aaiye ... veera cheekhti thi ... nau saal ki thi ... cheekhti thi ... magar vo haath munh ke oopar , dab gayee cheekh , kisi not nahin suni ... mother chalo ... Le chalo ... shukla mad ... she have go mad ... ask she to shut up ... manu ask she to shut she mouth or else ... veera ( scream ) shut up ... aaaaaa ... aaaaaa ... everyone hear she scream . she stare defiantly at shukla . shukla turn and stride out of the room , follow by he son . silence . tripathy look at she daughter . veera turn to he . veera yaa , aisa to hota hai ... aisa to hota rehta hai ... to kya hai to ... I be not okay with it . ye duniya ... jahan aisa hota rehta hai ... jahan kya sach hai , kya jhoot hai ... sab mila hua hai ... bahot confusion hai yahan ... tripathy veera ... baby ... okay , let be sensible about this ... veera ( loud ) no ... I will not be sensible ... I will be stupid ... I be stupid ... tripathy relax baby ... veera sensible ...? veera baahar jao to careful rehna ... ghar ke baahar bahot bure log hote hain , ladki to hamesha careful rehna chahiye ...? to ye kyon nahin kaha ki mujhe ghar ke andar bhi careful rehna hai , mujhe aap logon se bhi bach ke rehna hai ...? ye kyon nahin kaha ...? yahan to main bilkul expose thi ... ghar mein thi main ... to mujhe nahin hona hai sensible . Main bewakoof hoon ... Main kharaab hoon ... magar main aap logon mein se ek nahin hoon . Main vaapas nahin aaoongi ... Music begin . everyone sit silently . veera stand for a moment , tear drip from she eye , then she turn and walk . lyric of the song begin . she walk away from everyone . {4 / 4 mins} song # 6 { heerai tripathy 's bungalow in the day . veera sit in a car as the family watch . she slide to the other side . the car drive out of the bungalow . the highway . the car drive on the highway . veera look in front . she ask the driver to stop the car . the car pull over . veera walk to the side , break down . she cry she heart out . she drop to she knee , take mahabir 's name , let it out , finally let he go . the highway roll in the day . the landscape run on both side , in different speed . cherries drop into the water . it be a cottage industry plant , make fruit preserve . small assembly of churner , conveyor , many can . veera supervise the process , note number in a register . next to the factory , on a hill — a small concrete house . veera be see walk out in the evening . she be stand outside she house in the fade light . her hair be blow softly in the breeze , she be breathe the mountain air . the journey have change , the light have change . she have change too . she be look into the distance , at the grass field . two kid be play together in the field . a boy and a girl . this be the girl who we have see collect flower earlier , and the boy who we have see get slap and restrain . now they be play together . veera look at they , smile . the kid be look for something in the grass , the boy pass something he have find to the girl . then they run away together . veera be look at they , smile from she heart . fade out . { 2 mins} / 1 hr 4 4 minute / hrkkerrek {2 hrs 5 % mins}