written by Max landis 8/13/2012 a I | a . | im ac ) EL ) ie cu j 41 great Jones Street , 5 floor New York , NY 10012 www.bigbeachfilms.com a cell phone ringing cory Brendan , what 's up ? brendan I have to talk to you . cory +.+.- you be talk to I ? brendan I like ... I have to have a serious talk . be you in a place you can have a serious talk ? int . IHOP bathroom cory isaacson , 23 , unconventionally good -look , breezily confident but entirely approachable ( almost dishevel , even ) sit shitting on a toilet . cory uh , yeah , definitely . ext . brendan 's apartment —- balcony brendan ehrlick , 23 , conventionally great look , sharply dress , be out on he balcony in West Hollywood , California , look out the set sun . brendan I need you to come to LA . we intercut between they cory oh yeah ? brendan I 'il pay . cory what 's go on , be everything - brendan ( deep breath ) cory . I be gay . cory I know . brendan ... what ? cory you be gay . brendan what ? how do you know I be gay , you do not know I be gay - cory I know you be gay . brendan how long have you know I be gay - cory since like ... I meet you , what , freshman year - brendan cory I - but I do not know - so that 's like five - almost six year -— brendan why do not you tell I ? cory why do not I tell you you sexual orientation ? brendan I - I just - I think - cory dude , you be pretty gay - brendan ( feminine whine of protest ) what about I be gaaaaaay - cory I - you - be you fuck kid right now - brendan this be a big deal ! cory --. sort of - brendan how can you be so calm about this ? this be my whole life here - cory what be you talk about ? brendan oh my god . do anyone else know ? cory ... yes ?... everybody ? brendan what !? how !? cory you be not subtle - all you talk about be clothes , and cooking , and you spend more time on you hair than any guy I have ever meet , gay or straight - brendan but that 's not - cory and you always comment on what woman be wear - — brendan lot of man do that - cory yeah but you always do it like , you know , like '' I would like to be wear that - '' Brendan gasp . cory ( cont 'd ) you live in West Hollywood , be not that like , the gay place - brendan no but - I do not - I do not move here because I be gay , I be not gay yet - cory you be always gay - brendan I just move here because the people look nice ! cory like , yeah , like nice to fuck ? like the man , the gay man look nice to fuck - brendan no ! cory god ... damn it ! cory I be just glad it 's finally out , really . how do you parent - brendan it 's not . cory what ? brendan it 's not out . I be not out . cory lean forward . cory you parent do not know ? brendan I have not tell anyone . that 's why I want you to come . the new season of my show start this Sunday and I want to get it out before that . my parent be in town and I 'il just get it all do , clean sweep , but I need you to be here for ... you know , emotional damage control . cory think . a guy in a stall near he moan . cory when ? brendan now . tonight . cory dude , I can not - I be still figure out my move - brendan you have be move for two year cory . I buy you a ticket . someone in the stall next to he flush . brendan ( cont ’d ) do someone just flush a toilet ? cory yeah , I be sorry , I be take a shit in the bathroom at the IHOP on Florence street . brendan +..- I love that IHOP . cory notice the toilet paper be out . he sigh . cory look around deep in think . he bite he lip , and then : cory I guess I 'il see you tonight . brendan yes ! I love you cory ! everything 's all in you email alr - cory hang up . he slowly push open the stall door , and peek out . the coast be clear . we watch as he make a awkward hopping run with he pants around he ankle to the stall next to he , and push open the door . there 's a man on the toilet . they stare at each other . cory I be not gay . my friend be gay . there 's a long beat . cory ( cont 'd ) gimme all you toilet paper . slam to : a boe 757 take off . title : I he her int . heather 's apartment - night heather frost , 23 , cover in tattoo , sexy as hell ; she 's a girl who know what to wear and how to wear it , lean towards punk -goth ... stripper . she 's arm candy for some rich tattoo artist , or rockstar at a douchebag party . currently , she 's be scream at by gabbi Shaw , 23 , petite and lean , very pretty but do she best to look androgynously masculine . gabbi wear a tanktop under a jacket , loose fitting jeans ; the quintessential butch lesbian , but with a delicate brightness to she that make she vulnerable . gabbi how could you do this to I ? I do not understand ! explain to I , explain to I how you could fuck do this , be you this fuck break ? be you just a , just a fuck sociopath - I do not understand , I need you to explain it to I . I be listen , ... explain it to I . there 's a beat . heather gabbi- gabbi what ! ? heather I think you should leave . gabbi you think I should leave ? you think I should leave , really ? heather you know that we be not exclusive , I do not feel like I owe you any kind of - gabbi I be sorry , what . heather what ? gabbi we be not exclusive ? heather +. no ? gabbi two year - two fuck year of my life - heather I tell you I do not - I be not ready for a relationship - gabbi two year ago . we live together - heather then you can move out , I just think - gabbi you whore , I hate you , I can not - I can not even - heather I really think you should go , you be out of control - gabbi you be just gonna - no ! you be not kick I out because I be mad at you , I - I have a right - I have a xright - smash to : ext . west hollywood neighborhood - night gabbi stalk along alone . gabbi ( mutter ) I have a right - I have a right , I have a- I - gabbi squat into a ball on the sidewalk and let out a long , angry scream . she slump down onto she butt , and begin sobbing . int . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - baggage claim we can not hear anything over inx 's '' listen like thiefe , '' and it 's clear why after a moment : cory be listen to it on he ipod , completely zone out . he notice he bag , and step forward , knee a little indian girl in the face . cory oh ! oh ... jesus . oh jesus . SNAP to : ext . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - pick - up cory 's wait for Brendan 's car , which pull up ; a cool convertible . Brendan pop open the door , smile . cory no fuck that shit get out and hug I . get out and hug I , there we go . Brendan and cory hug . ext . the 405 - northbound - moment later they be drive . cory so where 's the LA part of LA ? Brendan laugh . cory ( cont 'd ) what 's funny ? brendan there just ... there be a couple different one . cory we have be drive for like twenty minute . we would be out of Fort lauderdale by now . brendan yep . LA 's like a jigsaw puzzle that someone forget to assemble , all the piece be ... spread out on the floor . cory wow , this sound great . a pass car honk wildly , and a hot teen girl lean out . hot teen brendan ! we love you ! her friend scream from inside , and Brendan smile . cory be that ... do that happen often ? SNAP to : at a intersection , a bunch of black girl cat-call at Brendan . SNAP to : driving on sunset , a limo full of debutante shouting and yell at Brendan . SNAP to : at a stoplight , a group of teen girl have approach and Brendan be signing autograph . cory be just plain annoyed at this point . SNAP to : int . brendan 's apartment Brendan 's apartment be too-clean , decorate with poster from throughout Brendan 's career , from age 12 onwards , start with some atrocious thing call hardheart highschool . cory look from HH / hs to summer boy ( age 14 ) to I ’m my daddy ( feature a time machine ) , and the flop down onto a couch , while Brendan go into the kitchen . cory so. ( beat ) you be gay . brendan yes . maybe . I do not know . cory oh hold on whoa , what ? I fly out to LA , you be gay . no will she or will not she bullshit , you be gay - brendan well I do not know for sure - 10 . cory how ? what ? why ? brendan I have never - you know , I have never be with a guy - cory I do not think that 's how be gay work , dude . brendan what do you mean ? cory brendan I mean do you like guy ? it 's not that simple - cory that 's - well , I mean it kind of be , actually , exactly that simple , do you want to have sex with man ? in the kitchen , Brendan falter . brendan I mean - cory do you wanna have sex with any more girl ? brendan I do not - I mean I would not mind , I do not mind . cory do you use to like have sex with Erin ? brendan yes . cory you be not ... dude , you be a tv star - brendan yeah , tv , C list - cory I be not on a list , okay , C be a pass grade . you be rich , you drive a convertible in LA - 11 . brendan right , so ? cory so why gay now ? Brendan falter again . ext . west hollywood - santa monica blvd - night Brendan and cory be strolling along . Brendan wear sunglass and a hoodie , the classic disguise of the LA actor . cory griffin , he name be '' griffin . '' brendan he work on set for the show , and - cory griffin ... be a fairy . interesting . brendan I catch he - cory - mythologically confusing , but - brendan - look at I , and , you know , they talk , everyone in the crew talk , and that bitch all already think I be gay - cory - I wonder why . brendan it 's not gay to call people bitch . cory . -- no comment . brendan but there be talk griffin be gonna ask I out , and I think it be funny , and then ... he kiss I . on the prop truck . cory be that a gay thing ? 12 . brendan no it 's a truck where we keep the prop ! Jesus cory - cory and then what ? brendan I do not know , I have be - I mean he 's be try to call I , but I have be ignore he for a week now - cory but you like kissing he ? brendan I - it be like I have be wait for a guy to kiss I my whole life and I do not know until it be dangle in front of my face . cory really ? brendan what ? cory nothing . brendan and now I just , I think about it , but I be - I do not know - cory scare ? brendan no . I be not scared . I just want to do this the right way . cory you be not scared . brendan no. cory look at Brendan . cory can I see you phone . 13. brendan oh , uh , yeah . Brendan hand cory he phone , and cory start press button . brendan ( cont ’d ) and it 's the worst possible time , too ; I finally have this moment where I be be take seriously as a adult actor , and I do not want .... you know , there 's this shadow , I think - cory what 's '' the Abbey ? '' brendan what ? it 's a gay bar , it 's around the corner - cory griffin say he 's there right now . brendan ( infuriate ) what , you texted he - cory around this corner ? cory start to head in the direction of the Abbey . brendan wait , cory , c’mon - you be such a - cory what ? we go there , we find griffin , you ask he out . brendan I can not just walk into a- I can not just - I have a plan , I have a way I want this to go , first my parent , then the public - cory he 's right there . why walk thirty emotional mile or whatever when you can walk one ? or something , some better metaphor - brendan cory - 14 . cory this be what I be , man , I be now or never . you bring this on yourself . now do we ball out , back to college , no fear , or do we go home and eat yogurt , man , you have a shitload of yogurt in you fridge and if that 's what you wanna do . ( beat ) be you a man , or yogurt ? int . gay bar - moment later light flash , music blast , and it 's a great time ; fuck it , you want to be at this club . it 's mostly gay man , but there be some lesbian mix in . cory and Brendan be at the crowded bar , Brendan try to keep , he face low . cory 's take a shot , while Brendan ignore he . cory this be spectacular ! brendan what ? cory I have never see this many gay dude in one place ! brendan yeah , well , welcome to Los Angeles . cory it 's so boring back home , man , I never do anything anymore . like nothing like you would not believe it I do not do anything , man . ( laugh , chipper ) I pack all my bag in my place to move like two year ago and I have not even touch they , I have be live out of bag man ! Brendan look at cory ; what a completely bizarre , kind of creepily sad thing to say . brendan ...- be you okay ? cory seem to snap out of something . 15 . cory do you see griffin ? Brendan look around tentatively pick up he shot glass , see griffin , early 20 , handsome but not gorgeous , kind of hipstery , intellectual look . he 's on the other side of the bar , goof off and laugh with he friend . cory ( cont 'd ) be that he ? Brendan turn , hide he face . brendan yes . cory he 's not as dreamy as I think he would be . I go into this afraid I would see this guy , and boom , I gay too . Brendan peek at griffin , who abruptly be backlit and strike a pose . a sexy female voice whisper '' griffin . '' brendan well I think he 's fantastic . cory ( tug Brendan towards griffin ) then let 's just - brendan no , I - not yet , okay , I be building up to it . cory you get it dude . we have get all night . cory grab one of the little kebab sword from behind the bar , and use it to snag a olive from the garnish tray . on the other side of the club , gabbi be sit over ina booth , stay out of people 's way . she 's hunch over a beer , almost do . a cute pixie girl come up . 16 . pixie girl hey . you seem down , be there anything I can - gabbi just raise a hand : '' stop . '' pixie girl ( cont 'd ) okay , well , I be here all night . the pixie wander off . gabbi sigh , drain the rest of the beer , and get up , start to push through the crowd back towards the bar . a timer pop up on -screen , count down from :45 second . brendan can we go ? cory we have be here two minute - brendan I know - cory less than two minute - brendan I know , I just - cory we be not do here , man , this place be we mecca , we be gonna be here til they shut it down - brendan this be not why I want you to come - cory why then ? emotional support ? you can get emotional support on the phone , you can get emotional support in a email . you call I here to help blow you stuff up . boom . brendan .-.- you might be right . cory so go forth ! confront ! osmose the ... juice - or - not that , but you get the- 17 . Brendan stare longingly at griffin , then shake he head violently . brendan I can not - I can not yet - I be go to the bathroom , and then we be leave . cory yogurt night . the yogurt man . ( laugh ) two more tequila shot , por favor ! brendan how can they gender divide the bathroom when everyone want to have sex with everyone , that 's anarchy . it 's anarchy ! 10...9...8...7... cory Brendan . it 's cool . it ’1ll be fine . 6.2256 . ae ee bene brendan it ' will be fine . Brendan push away the newly deliver shot , and head off towards the bathroom . cory turn to face gabbi , who 's sly into the bar next to he . 2-2...1 ... buzz2222222 gabbi hey , be he gonna drink this ? there 's a beat , both of they stare at each other blankly . cory what ? gabbi you date , seem like he do not want it - cory you be vulture a stranger 's drink ? gabbi it 's be that kind of night . 18 . cory oh yeah ? cory laugh , and glance over at the bathroom door ; Brendan 's go for now . cory ( cont 'd ) what kind of night be that ? int . gay bar - bathroom - continuous the bathroom be extremely crowded , and tricked out ; it 's all red light except a disco - ball that spin on the ceiling . Abba 's '' Dancing Queen '' play on a endless loop . Brendan look miserable . back to the bar gabbi ( laugh ) - I 's be a chef , actually . cory really ? gabbi no , I be - y’know , I be a cook - cory be that different ? gabbi chef get the hat , cook get the grease burn . hoo -ah . cory you be hardcore . gabbi what do you do ? the tequila shot cory order arrive . gabbi look at they . cory you be probably gonna wanna take one of that if you be gonna hear about my boring ass job . gabbi now you be buy I drink ? 19 . cory no , I be hand you a drink , and then you be hand I money . capitalism . gabbi you be charming . cory my time be not cheap . gabbi toast he , and then take the shot . cory laugh and take he . back in the bathroom Brendan finally get a stall , shove he way in , but some asshole shove he way in alongside he . brendan hey ! dude , what be you - asshole I think we could share - brendan wh- asshole hey be not you Brendan ehrli - brendan no I ’m someone different get out get out ! Brendan shove the guy out of the stall , and lock the door . outside , the asshole immediately take out he cell phone and start tweeting . back to the bar cory - that 's basically it . gabbi so you go somewhere - cory yeah , I in my car , drive all around Central Florida - gabbi cory you ride into town - like a cowboy - 20 . gabbi - yes , like a cowboy , or my Little pony - cory - more like a cowboy - gabbi - like the world 's lamest cowboy , and you do this survey - cory - widespread survey , mainly base around my Little pony trivia - gabbi - the survey ask people what they want , and then you report that back to you boss - — cory right , it 's about demand . they fly I out to figure out , like if the area need a Taco Bell , if they be happy with the amount of Taco bell they have or if they could stand to have like two or three more Taco bell - two more shot arrive . gabbi and then you company report you finding back to the company that own Taco Bell , and you get pay . cory right . just town to town in Central Florida , forever . be do it for almost five year . I be suppose to move out here with my friend Brendan , but it ... gabbi what ? cory .-- it do not work out . besides , they need I over there . I have be employee of the month eleven time , I be head of my division , ya know . '' no big deal . '' 21 . gabbi it sound like no big deal . cory hey . ouch . gabbi I be sorry , I mean , do not get I wrong , you seem like a cool guy . but when you be little , do you really grow up dream of be eleven time Taco world champion ? cory start to respond , but then falter and laugh self consciously , think . back in the bathroom Brendan 's finish , and he flush . two big guy , drunk and heavily make out , slam up against Brendan 's stall door just as he start to open it . he press against it a few time , but it will not budge . he 's trap . brendan guy ! come on ... guy ! ( beat ) it 's anarchy ! back to the bar gabbi oh my god , every time I hear this song , I pretend that I write it about this girl - cory crazy bitch by buckcherry , really - gabbi if the shoe fit . I always imagine that I like - have a band , and can play guitar , and sing , and I perform it and she 's there and it 's like : bam , dude , in you face . cory I actually totally do this all the time . 22. gabbi -.- no way . cory it be worse when I be little . Michelle branch would not have have a career . gabbi you want to have write Michelle branch song ? cory well I would write they , and then this girl Margaret in eighth grade would have be like the lead singer in the imaginary band , and she sing they to I . they be about I . gabbi pretend a song be write about you be different from pretend you write it . cory well , I be a egomaniac . gabbi have anything change ? cory uh ... my height , yeah . I be taller . gabbi laugh . they take another shot . flash to : Brendan arrive back at the bar . brendan cory ! cory ? cory 's nowhere in sight . oh shit here come griffin ! Brendan duck frantically aside , hide behind a massive body - builder , and take out he cell . flash to : cory 's cell ringing in he back pocket , unnotice , as he perform shania twain 's '' man , I feel like a woman '' in a gay karaoke bar . 23 . yes , he apparently leave the bar they be at , and oh , there 's gabbi , watch he and crack up . Minutes later , cory 's cell be ringing again , but he 's watch gabbi , who 's do a very passionate cover of '' date rape '' by sublime . moment later they be at the bar , drink . they forearm be touch on the bar ; gabbi notice , and cory notice a second later . they make eye contact . a little arc of fuschia electricity bounce between they . cory hoooo . oooh shit . gabbi chuckle self consciously , but do not move she arm . she move she pinky up to stroke he hand , still hold eye contact . cory ( cont 'd ) okay . I can deal . I can deal with this . int . gay bar Brendan , clearly terrify and furious , storm away from the bar ... ext . gay bar - continuous Brendan stomp out - - into a storm of flashbulb . he 's surround ; he try to hide he face . paparazzi ( multiple , yell ) Brendan ! over here ! have a good night with the boy , Brendan ? how 's it feel to be a gay man in Hollywood , Brendan ? smile ! over here ! brendan shit. 24 . ext . west hollywood neighborhood - shortly thereafter cory and gabbi walk along , laugh . they be back by gabbi 's apartment building . gabbi I use to draw a face , on my knee . and then I have sit and talk to my knee if I be lonely , and sing to it ... cory I can not lie , that 's pretty bizarre . but I can out bizarre you , check this out - I figure out in like sixth grade , you take you thumb , and you use it - in perspective to hide a face , and then it look like you thumb have the hair . gabbi whattttt ? gabbi try this ; we see in her Pov as she thumb now have cory 's hair . gabbi ( cont 'd ) that 's incredible . cory um ... where be we walk ? gabbi aaaahahhh ... oh shit . I get kick out of my place . cory be there a story , there ? gabbi yeah but not for ...now . what about you ? cory ahhhh ... I be suppose to be stay with my friend , but I have no idea ... where that be , and I do not - gabbi I mean we could get in , drive around , see what you recognize - 25 . cory yeah , definitely , we could try that . gabbi ( beat ) I be way too drunk . shit , okay , this be my car , here , though . cory well you want , we could like go in the backseat and - gabbi yeah - cory take a nap or something - gabbi yeah . in gabbi 's backseat it 's a little later . the night be quiet . cory be doze , as be gabbi , who 's sort of stare at he . she shift she body , sort of half pretend to be asleep , so that she weight be on he . cory clearly do not know how to react , but then get a little forward ; a strip of she midriff be expose by the way she 's position , and he move he hand onto it , very slowly move he finger over she stomach and hip . gabbi get chill , and then lean up into cory 's neck and very gently kiss it . and again . and again . cory shift . cory you be totally give I a very serious - turn I on - gabbi stop for a moment and pull away , look at he . she think , two emotion very clear : '' be I really do this '' and '' I be go to continue do this . '' she lean back in and very slowly lick he neck . cory ( cont 'd ) be you this drunk ? 26 . gabbi no. ( unsure of herself ) I only say I be too drunk ... cory that 's really good to hear . cory grab gabbi and pull she onto he , kissing she deeply , they make out furiously for a moment , then slow down as cory start very slowly kissing gabbi 's neck . Little arc of fuschia electricity bounce back and forth between they ; we see a exterior view of the car , the backseat light by pink crackle light . gabbi I have never do this before . cory in a car ? gabbi or whatever - she kiss he , and again it 's passionate , but then slower , gentler , and then abruptly passionate again . cory 's hand go all over she body ; under she shirt , over she back , slide down the back of she pants , pull she closer to he , grind she against he , which gabbi rapidly take over . gabbi ( cont 'd ) that feel good . cory yes . they kiss again , still humping , more intensely now . cory undoe gabbi 's pants , and move he hand down the front of they . gabbi gasp as he touch she . gabbi fuck , okay , fuck - fuck - cory I can not really move my finger cause - gabbi yeah , okay - 27 . gabbi pull she pants down over she leg , hopping off cory onto the seat next to he . clumsily try to get she pants off over she shoe , she kick cory in the face . cory ow , okay - gabbi I be sorry , it 's okay , it 's okay - cory move on top of she , kissing she stomach and rib , lift up she shirt , but gabbi push back , hurriedly pull at he pants , yanking they down , and then climb on top of he , hit she head on the ceiling . gabbi ( cont 'd ) ow - shit - they go back to kissing , and gabbi straddle he , still kissing , and cory 's hand again go out of sight . gabbi gasp , rock back and forth . gabbi ( cont 'd ) ...- be you go to fuck I ? cory I - yeah - they begin kissing again and gabbi talk she way through it , psyching herself up . gabbi you be go to fuck I . you be go to fuck I . cory that be - the plan , yes - she lift she hip and come down onto he , rise up and settling down with a sharp intake of breath . gabbi oh my god - that feel so - that feel so - weird - slam to : ext . parking lot - morning gabbi and cory be asleep in the backseat . gabbi wake up , startle from a dream , and then turn , look at cory , still asleep . 28 . she quickly and very visibly go through a huge range of emotion ; regret , relief , excitement , terror , and finally , a calm . outside the car gabbi shimmy on she pants . a homeless man , up early , see she . they make eye contact . the homeless man wave . after a moment , gabbi wave back , and the homeless man move on . gabbi get back in the car . ext . santa monica pier - a hour later gabbi and cory be in gabbi 's car . gabbi look over at cory and smile at he . cory smile back at she . gabbi do you want to take a drive ? cory yeah . yes . cory put he hand in she lap , grip one of she hand , and she squeeze back . they stare at each other , feel the connection , unsure what to do about it . later they be out on the pier . go on ride , goof off , have a good time . slam to : int . pacific rim talent agency - waiting room Brendan sit in the wait area of he talent agency . there 's only one other person wait , a older man . he notice a perky blonde receptionist stare at he . he raise he eyebrow : '' yes ? '' she make kissie- face , '' mwa mwa mwa , '' then burst into choke silent laughter , mutter '' I be just kiddin’ , I be just kiddin’ . '' Brendan uncomfortably shift in he seat . the receptionist indicate the other older man , then Brendan , then herself , then pantomime give a intense double - blowjob . then immediately the silent , self - conscious laughter , and '' I be just kiddin’ , I be just kiddin’ . '' Brendan sit there horrify . 29 . receptionist ( all business ) Brendan , they be ready for you . int . pacific rim talent agency - conference room Brendan be sit across from steve , mid thirty , in a full suit , calm and measure , and scotty , twenty , wear a bright tie and show a bright attitude , but not actually very bright . across from they , be cynthia , early forty , he publicist . Brendan look absolutely miserable . steve so it 's a pretty serious situation , be what we be say . this close to the debut of the second season . scotty if you have be keep something from we , we have like to know . like if you have be keep from we that you be a gay person . brendan look , I have not be keep anything from anyone - cynthia shah ! shah ! I do not want to hear if you be gay or straight or whatever , it 'il ruin you for I . brendan +. . ruin - cynthia as you publicist , I ’mina position where you come out as gay , all that cute little teenie bopper you build you career on become a big fat question mark . you deny be gay , you hurt you appeal to the gay market . brendan the gay ... market , I have a gay market - 30 . cynthia we have know you be gay for age , but we think it be something you have under control . brendan wait you know - why do not you tell I ? there 's a beat , he team look at each other . Gay guy ? cynthia why do not we ... tell you ? steve ( quickly ) Gay be not bad . scotty that 's not what we be say . steve if you be gay , great , great for you , there 's no hate in this room . there 's no racis - homophobia or whatever , gay be great , gay work great , for million of people . cynthia but just show up at a gay club , shouting at paparrazzi , that 's not how you do it brendo - brendan I do not shout at any papara - steve you can not just come out casually . it 's either a career move or it 's a secret , and at this point , I do not know that it 's a safe choice for you . Pacific rim be a a-list company , and we be try to get you as many rim caliber job as possible . brendan I know , I know - steve scotty all gay guy - steve scotty out gay guy ? yes. 31 . steve not Pacific rim guy , man . not big star . victim on crime show ; this be not Pacific rim job , this be day player . cynthia character actor . you be a lead man . there be stake here , Brendan . scotty we be not try to get you in and out in a day , you be not a day player , you be a star . we want all day , three day long rim job . Brendan blink . steve example of what I be say . have you see the marketing for the new season ? go up yesterday . brendan I have be busy - steve turn around . Brendan slowly turn around in he chair , look out the window . outside , on two billboard , be huge character one - sheet for Brendan 's show , hard truth . one show a grizzle look macauly culkin , with the caption twi ss ted mind . opposite that be a poster of Brendan , look official , hold a gun . the caption read : straight ... brendan ( long beat ) shit . cynthia no more risk . until the premiere , if anyone ask if you be gay , you say : '' it 's personal . '' 32 . steve you get that ? scotty '' it 's personal . '' cynthia '' it 's personal . '' brendan it 's personal . steve perfect . ext . santa monica pier cory 's on a lift ’n’launch ride , only about ten foot tall , with a bunch of kid . gabbi be watch he happily from the ground as he yell and laugh with the mexican toddler . something seem to change inside she . the smile slowly fade . cory get off the ride . gabbi be nowhere to be see . cory gabbi ? time pass . cory 's just wait around on the pier . cory ( cont 'd ) C ’mon man . c’mon . do not let this ... have happen . cory take out he cell phone ; it 's dead . later cory walk up the street in Santa monica , alone , not really know where he 's go . we follow cory over the course of three hour as he walk all the way home from Santa monica pier to West Hollywood , follow Santa monica boulevard . nearly ten mile . 33. finally , he 's outside of Brendan 's apartment building . int . kris and LAURA 's apartment - later that night the apartment be nice-ish . a little cluttere , but clean . LAURA denny , mid 20 , petite but with strong , elegant feature , be do jump -rope , sweat in she sweatpant . kris pearlman , early 30 , butch with a capital B that stand for butch , be sprawle out on the couch , leg spread wide , drink beer and watch homeward bound on tv . there 's a knock . LAURA ( out of breath ) kris , door . kris I be watchin’ the homeward bound . LAURA well I do not - kris check it out , this dog man . this dog , they be ... dog . LAURA kris , come on , I - Laura accidentally whip herself in the foot , wince in pain , hold in a shriek of anger , and then limp over to the door , open it to reveal ... gabbi. LAURA ( cont ’d ) hey , where have you be , be you phone off - gabbi Heather and I break up . LAURA I hear . gabbi I ... I have have a weird ... gabbi stop herself , and just stand there , cry . 34 . LAURA aw babe , come in . come in , come on . Laura lead gabbi inside . slam to : brendan oh it 's fine !? it 's fine !? int . brendan 's apartment cory be defiant , despite be almost completely in the wrong . cory I do not mean fine like '' okay '' I just mean - brendan fine like sexy !? fine like a toll pay for a indiscretion !? cory Brendan - brendan no it be not '' fine , '' cory ! cory you be overreact - brendan you leave I alone at a gay bar dude - cory I know - brendan they take picture man ! picture be not freaking picture anymore they be the internet they be immediate internet thing ! cory iit , get it - 35 . brendan be this funny !? I be call in by my manager my agent and my publicist ask if I be gay , be that funny !? this be my career ! Gay guy do not get rim job ! cory .-- no comment — brendan be that why you be here !? be that why I pay for you to come here , to fuck my life ? cory hey . easy . you could 've do yogurt , I offered you yogurt night . but you choose to come with I , I do not force you hand - brendan ( meekly ) because you give I confidence , man - cory well maybe if you be not so scared - brendan I be not scared I just - I be not scared , I want to do this in the right way ! cory oh , right , sorry - brendan where do you go ? why would you leave ? cory -..- I meet a girl . brendan auh . auh . auh . cory I know I know - brendan in a gay bar !? 36 . cory I think she actually might have - be gay ... Brendan 's just quiet , completely flustered . brendan do you remember in college that night you and I be in Bailey 's and you just straight up leave I there ? and I have no ride home . why do you do that ? cory ..- because I meet a girl !? dude do you know how long it 's be since I be even - — brendan yeah , okay , you - I fly you out here , cory . I fly you out here to be my friend , okay ? I need a friend and I choose you and that need to mean something to you . do not leave I alone with this . cory nod , processing . he 's quiet for a moment . brendan ( cont ’d ) what 's go on with you , really ? cory 's still quiet . Brendan 's phone start ringing . he take it out . brendan ( cont ’d ) it 's griffin . cory indicate '' answer it . '' brendan ( cont ’d ) ( answer ) hollo ? cory : '' hollo ? '' brendan ( cont ’d ) I can barely hear you ! where be you ? I can not - no I be - yeah , I see that - it 's be weird , yeah - cory : '' what ? what ? '' brendan ( cont 'd ) no , I do not think - I be pretty busy right now - cory what ? no you be not . no you be not no you be not - brendan I - yeah actually , I - Crescent Heights , sure . you be break up - a what ? now ? no. cory yes . Brendan and cory lock eye . brendan yes . sure . okay . Brendan hang up . cory we be gonna go see griffin ? brendan he be super chill , ask if I want to talk , he 's at some kind of party , I could not hear what it be — cory yes ! yes ! yes ! we be happy about this Brendan . brendan ( smile ) yes . this be why I need you . right here . they slap hand . brendan ( cont ’d ) this be perfect . brendan ( cont ’d ) this be a nightmare . 37 . slam to : Brendan and cory be gridlock - trap in Brendan 's car at a intersection ... 38 . blocked off for a massive gay pride parade . float and scantily clad man be everywhere , juggling ball of light , gyrate all over the place . it 's insane ... ..- and actually kind of surreal . everything 's a little too bright , too intense . guy be do impossibly high flip and shit . beautiful . cory ( to himself ) be that possible ? that 's not possible . ( to Brendan , muttere ) wait , holy shit , be this a movie ? Brendan 's distract ; people be notice he in the car , point and take picture . brendan cory this be bad this be bad , I can not - this be not how I want this to happen , this be not right this be not - ahh ! a gay guy run up and dance on Brendan 's car a little bit , thrust he crotch against the windshield ; Brendan be horrify . flashbulb blind he momentarily , and he see paparazzi . Brendan freeze , horrify . cory stare at he , and then open the door . brendan ( cont ’d ) what be you - cory I be the gay one . brendan what be you - cory ( hard ) Brendan , I be the gay one . cory dive out of the car , leave a frazzle Brendan behind he , and prance out into the path of the parade , immediately beginning dance jubiliantly with all the super-queen . we bounce back and forth between Brendan in the car , and cory in gay dance euphoria . 39 . this get big applause , and police have to hold back more people from run in , as cory rip off he shirt and throw it into the crowd , then push through and run , jump up onto a float with a bunch of pole on it , and start grind all crazy on everything . he notice griffin in the crowd nearby , watch the parade . Brendan summon up he courage , and open he car- door - only to find a e! News camera crew right in he face . E ! reporter hi Brendan , enjoy the parade ! brendan I - uh - it 's personal ! e! reporter what kind of personal pleasure be you get from the parade , Brendan ? Brendan glance back at cory , and , pull himself together , seize this moment . brendan I - yeah , definitely , it 's awesome to see people express themselves . cory be grind wildly on some body - builder . e! reporter be you express yourself here tonight ? brendan I be actually here support my friend cory - he nod over to cory , who 's attempt to lapdance - fight off two security guard try to pull he off the float . brendan ( cont ’d ) - we go to college together , and this be he first time in LA , if you get my meaning but , yeah , it 's great , great party , ton of fun . not a lot of chick . the e! reporter laugh , and Brendan do too , give a nearby gay go - go dancer a eye-roll for good measure . 40 . meanwhile , watch from the crowd , griffin look horrify . his friend notice . griffin 's friend what 's wrong ? griffin I think I just seriously fuck up . ext . santa monica pier - night something 's wrong . the night be weird and wild . strange wind carry stranger sound in from the bay . gabbi stand on the beach , near the pier . the music from the amusement park be eerie and distort . the ferris wheel be bent and break and seem too small , but blow up , recreate in miniature . heather gabbi ! come here , come in the water ! gabbi turn to see Heather , in a teeny bikini , splash in the water . heather ( cont ’d ) come in , come play with I ! gabbi smile and take off she shirt , head into the ocean , but then stop . under the water , gabbi can see that Heather 's lower body be that of a fish . she 's a siren . and now , closer , gabbi can see that she face be deform , and mishapen , super creepy . heather ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? why will not you be with I ? be I not good enough for you ? the Heather monster lurch forward , revealing shark - like tooth . gabbi begin quickly back out of the ocean , but then back into a giant penis loom on the beach . giant penis raaahhhh I ’m a penis !!! 4l. gabbi ahhhhhh - SNAP to : gabbi snap awake on kris and Laura 's couch , breathe hard . she 's alone . the room be dark . she try to recover herself , but then - kris who 's '' cory '' — gabbi ( startle ) p...penis ... gabbi , breathe hard , stare at kris , who be in the kitchen eat out of a jar of sweet pepper , realize what she 's just say . kris stare back . kris uh...yeah . okay . kris head off , while gabbi collect herself . ext . brendan 's apartment - morning Brendan be out on he porch , look out over West Hollywood . he see a older city worker spraying the street down . the spray guy notice he . they lock eye . the spray guy point at he . Brendan turn and go inside . int . brendan 's apartment - continuous Brendan head in . brendan I have literally twenty five email from my agency , cory . twenty FI - cory sit up on the couch , lift he laptop . cory do not be mad . cory hit play a video , open up a e! News hulu blurb . the idiot asshole reporter be stand in front of a green screen picture of Brendan . 42 . idiot asshole Boy - toy Brendan ehrlick : not gay ? brendan no way . idiot asshole the e! camera be there for the annual West Hollywood pride parade last night , where we catch up with recently controversial actor Brendan ehrlick . they roll a edit down clip of Brendan be not gay , complete with a shot of cory be very extra gay . brendan be you fuck kid I right now . they show the guy who dance on Brendan 's car , and Brendan look distress . idiot asshole this be kendra Black , body language expert from uc northridge , here to help we CSI the sexy . the e! reporter turn to some idiot bitch who direct the green-screen photo like it 's a weather map . idiot bitch yes you can see here from the angle of the hip , the down - turn corner of the mouth , yes , and the hand , up like he 's say '' get this guy off of I , '' he be not enjoy this . brendan of course I be not enjoy it , that guy smell like a litterbox - cory shhh -shhhhh . idiot asshole so you be say : straight ? idiot bitch oh yeah , 100 % . the video end . Brendan 's in shock . 43. brendan oh god . it work , you crazy thing work . cory ha ! ahahahahaha - brendan I hate Los Angeles . cory Nah man , you be back to square one . this be perfect . brendan I do not want to come out as straight , cory - cory Jesus christ , I can not win . Brendan 's phone ring , and he answer it without look at it . cory ( cont 'd ) ( muttere ) another convenient phone call . brendan hello ? ( beat ) hi Mom . his eye widen . cory : '' you mom ? '' brendan : '' I forget . '' brendan ( cont ’d ) ( to cory ) lunch be ... yeah , great . i...yeaaaaah ... cory pantomime death . int . kris and LAURA 's apartment gabbi be still on the couch , lay prone watch tv . Laura walk by , indifferent , and then turn around and kneel down . LAURA you be not go to work . gabbi call in sick . 44 , LAURA two day in a row ? gabbi I do not want to move . LAURA what be go on with you ? gabbi ..- shit. LAURA come out with I on my errand ? gabbi on you job ? LAURA yes , my job . I be run all over beverly Hills this morning . it /’1l be fun . get you mind off whatever 's get you mess up . gabbi sigh . LAURA ( cont 'd ) cmoooooooooooonnnnnnn . gabbi smile weakly . int . parking garage - shortly thereafter Brendan and cory be parking . they stop , but Brendan do not move . brendan I think I be freaking out . cory why ? we do not have to tell they right now if you do not want to - brendan we do . yes we do . I have to . I have to say it now or I 'il never say it , I just - I can not figure out how to get it out of my mouth , or past my lip , or something - cory remind I why this be a big deal ? 45 . brendan this be not ... you know , when I first start act , I they think I think it be just gonna be a kid thing , do some commercial , you know , they be not ... stage parent . cory yeah , I remember . they want you to be a engineer , like daddy . brendan that 's right , but then , I go to college , I grow up , and now I be a actor . I move to LA , I see they maybe three time a year , and then ... now I be gay ? that 's 1ll be it , cory , that will be the straw that break the camel 's back . cory aw c’mon - — brendan no , it be a old , fragile camel . they still make joke that after the show be over I be gonna come home and get marry - cory - dem be not joke - brendan no they 're not they totally mean if . this be middle class republican from Utah . they be not ready to say the word '' we gay actor son who life in Los Angeles . '' cory let 's it hang a beat . cory but you be not scared . brendan no , cory - cory okay , okay , chill . I can tell you a story I think might help . 46 . brendan okay , yes , anything . cory well , a couple month ago I go to this big party in Fort lauderdale . crazy house party , people everywhere , drunk , just a mess . they have like , dancer - brendan stripper ? cory yeah stripper they hire to dance and shit , and I actually recognize one of they as this girl I be in like , seventh grade . so I catch up to she , when she be outside , and I be like '' what happen to you , man ? you have so much potential . '' there 's a pregnant pause . brendan what do she say ? cory she say : ( sing ) '' what would you do if you son be at home , cry all alone on the bedroom floor cause he 's hungry - '' brendan goddamnit cory - cory crack up but then contain himself . cory okay , but seriously , I can tell you what my mom say . it 's always help I . brendan what have you mom say ? cory she say love , love , do not come easy - 47 . brendan cory enough lyric , man . I need support here , and you say - you say - cory ( sing ) '' I only hear what I want to . '' brendan ahhh ! ahhh . ah . cory hey . brendan what ? cory you get this . brendan ... yeah ? cory yeah . Brendan smile . ext . beverly hill - expensive clothing store gabbi and Laura be go into the store . gabbi I think I 'il wait out here . LAURA oh come on , do not be a wuss . gabbi nod casually to a group of very hot girl on the other side of the street . LAURA ( cont ’d ) oh. good to see you be feel better . gabbi baby step . 48 . ext . beverly hill - restaurant patio mr . ehrlick , 5as , portly and bearded , and mrs . ehrlick , 5as , slim and somewhat frail , be across from Brendan and cory in a fancy restaurant . mrs . ehrlick that 's the problem with Los Angeles , I think , be people live this insular life in they car , go from place to place , commute in this tiny steel house , and they find themselves disconnect from they fellow human be , not that that 's easy to come by anyway this day , anyway cory be you gay ? Brendan falter . cory be ... I gay ? mrs . ehrlick yes , we have Google alert set up for Brendan . we see the video . mr . ehrlick that 's right . we call you parent , but they say they do not know anything . apparently you have be depressed , be that true - brendan ( quietly ) you have be depressed ? cory call my parent , well , then , I , shit . wow. shitwow . ( beat ) Brendan ? be you gonna ... step in here ? brendan I .. cory you ... Brendan freeze . he look to cory . cory stare at Brendan 's parent . cory look back to Brendan . a little asian boy on the street whip around and look surprised . 49 , everyone on the street whip around dramatically and stare at they . cory ( cont 'd ) yeah . I be the gay one . tote gay . and you know what else ? I love U2 . not ashamed . fuck it , ball out . everyone on the street be like '' dahhh facepalm . '' mrs . ehrlick ( touch he reassuringly ) we always have a feel . mr . ehrlick we do , that 's right . you always seem so ... lose , you know ? ever since college , we think , that 's a young man who do not know what he want . cory well I do now , I guess . thanks Brendan . mrs . ehrlick how would you find out ? I always wonder about that , that moment you make the choice . cory the choice , right . uh ... ( beat ) I just figure ... be a man ... have do so much for I ... so I think I would start ... do stuff ... for other man ? I be just , I be really dumb , along with be gay , too . really dumb . go figure . cory notice gabbi walk with Laura . cory ( cont 'd ) shit . mrs . ehrlick beg pardon ? brendan cory ? 50 . cory that 's she , that 's fuck she man ! brendan cory wait wait wait wait - cory scramble to he foot , knock the table badly , cause Brendan 's food to spill all over he . he hop the patio fence , and begin quickly approach gabbi . gabbi , realize what 's about to happen , freeze . cory freeze . gabbi turn and break into a run , immediately crash into some cougar shopping ! cory take off after she ! Brendan be leave alone with he parent . mr . ehrlick such a weird guy . you know , Brendan , to be totally honest for a minute there I think we both think this be about you be gay , or something like that . Brendan let out a frantic , terrify laugh ; like a circus clown be tickle with a cattleprod . he turn and look wide - eye after cory . cory chase gabbi through the flat of beverly Hills , both of they continually smash into people and fall down . they be not good at run and this be wholly evident via ... everything . cory finally catch up to she in front of the beverly Hills sign on Santa monica , grab at she shirt . gabbi yank away . gabbi why the fuck be you chase I !? cory why be you run from I !? they be both extremely wind , and stand there panting loudly , barely able to stay upright . cory ( cont 'd ) look like we could both use some ... cardio or somethi- gabbi leave I alone ! 51 . cory no , I will not , okay !? I be ... mad or something , I be mad at you - gabbi leave I alone ! cory you leave I in Santa monica ! and I now know that that be very far from everything else - gabbi because I be do , cory - cory you be '' do '' my ass - — gabbi just back off , I be gay , why would you even come on to I - cory you talk to I . and I do not even really know you be gay ! gabbi how could you not know !? cory because you seem into I , I think maybe you - I do not know - gabbi oh , '' I seem into you - '' cory you do . gabbi oh come on ! cory yeah especially after the third orgasm — gabbi oh gross ! you be a fuck asshole , that 's such a fuck gross thing to say - cory I be sorry , okay , I be - you be just be - you be be a dick ! ( more ) 52 . cory ( cont 'd ) I mean yes , okay , you seem gay , I assume lesbian , but I do not - I do not feel like I deserve this , I mean , I feel attack - gabbi you just chase I for four block - cory because I do not understand why you would do that to I - gabbi you do not understand anything ! a number of tourist and people walk they dog have surreptitiously begin to watch the confrontation . one guy be clearly filming for youtube . cory then help I , explain to I - gabbi I do not have to ! I - do not you comprehend , it be not easy , this be not easy ! I have spend the last twenty four year of my life accept who I be , and find comfort , and acceptance , even from within myself and now you be - you be fuck it all up , dude ! cory you be the first person I have really be interested in forever - gabbi good for you ! cory I do not get how do something that we both want to do be - gabbi I don ’t want to do it , cory . cory yes you do - 53 . gabbi no , asshole . do you know how many guy friend I have , none , anymore , that 's how many , because every guy friend I have make in the last ten year always be just secretly fuck in love with I , and get all intense when I do not - I be gay , cory , I be not - cory why do it have to be about that ? gabbi ... what . cory listen , just take my number , okay , I be in town two more day - gabbi I be not take you number - cory just take it , and I will leave you alone , I promise , I will leave you - gabbi I don ’t want you number , douchebag — cory three oh five - gabbi I don ’t want you number - cory three oh five - gabbi be that the area code or the start of the number ? cory area code ! three oh five two six one one EIGHT one EIGHT ! gabbi finish write it down in she phone . gabbi what 's you last name ? 54 . cory isaacson ! gabbi type for a moment . gabbi fuck you ! fuck off ! gabbi awkwardly shove he , he shove she back . she shove he again , slower and weirder this time . cory you 're shove I just to touch I ! gabbi shriek in frustration and storm away . cory , exhaust , collapse onto he butt in the grass . he look over and see a older Hawaiian woman look at he . he shrug . after a moment , she shrug too . cory look back towards beverly Hills , and start the long walk back to the restaurant . in brendan 's car Brendan and cory drive in silence . cory look at Brendan , who 's drive in silence . cory ( cont 'd ) be you gonna talk , or ... ( beat ) it could have go better . brendan you literally run away . you leave I there for a hour . cory I could not figure out how to get back , it be like a once ina lifetime thing - brendan it 's all come full circle now , be not it . cory do that with some friend of mine once , could never look they in the eye again - brendan you be a shitty friend . 55 . cory hey , whoa - brendan I yell at you about it before , and you do not even apologize , but now I be just gonna talk to you about it , and see if it get through . Brendan pull over . cory easy easy , what be the odd I would see she again , like one in three million - brendan that 's not the problem cory . the problem be that you leave I at that bar in the first place . that I need you and you have treat this like some kind of vacation . cory I have just be a little distract , it 's be - nut , okay , I have be confuse - brendan there be no point in you time here helping I that you should have get laid , cory - cory it be more important than that , this be special - brendan you know , in college you always do exactly what you want , and that be like the main thing that be cool about you , you just go for shit . cory yeah with my shy famous friend , sure - brendan and then after college we be suppose to move to Los Angeles - — cory not this , c’mon - brendan and you bail on I at the last possible second why , why cory ? oh , because you can not leave you job ? you hate you job - cory I do not hate - brendan yes you do , you have get no friend , you live in you piece of crap Honda and eat Taco Bell every day ! cory 's silence . brendan ( cont ’d ) and then two year later when I need you suddenly you be funlove cory on another adventure , no . well guess what you be a grow ass man and there come a time when you be suppose to be on someone else 's side , not just yours , where you make sacrifice and you do not just put yourself first because it 's what you want in the moment . you can not be the star of you movie every day , sometimes you be a support character and I need you and you will not stop let I down . cory be you always this much of a pussy or be this a new LA thing - brendan what . cory you can yell at I in you car and make I feel like shit all you want , bottom line you keep pussying out . you could have come out at the bar , you could have come out at the parade , you could have come out at lunch but you keep fuck it up , I be here , I be support you - 56 . 57 . brendan you can not even spend a whole day with I without disappear after some lesbian ! cory hey she be not some lesbian she ' 's - brendan no! no ! you do not get to be defensive now - cory why the hell not , it 's not my fault you be too chicken to handle you gay shit , be that why you invite I , so you could blame I - brendan this be not a argument you be suppose to fight back in ! we 're having the same fucking fight . again . cory 's phone buzze . Brendan just stare at he . cory check he phone . one message , from mom . mom : '' U R gay ? '' then another one . '' I heard U B gay lets talk . '' Brendan slouches down in he seat . cory Brendan - brendan be you even sorry ? cory 's silent , frustrated . brendan ( cont 'd ) be you sorry ? cory it 's more complicated than - brendan no , dude . just ... get out . I need a break from you . cory but I do not know where we be - 58 . brendan ( point ) Santa monica , westwood , century City , Hollywood , Los feliz , Glendale , culver City , downtown , silverlake , there , you be situate . cory ... seriously ? brendan ... yeah . cory get out of the car . cory seriously ? brendan yes . Brendan drive away . cory sigh . cory seriously . cory start walk . int . laura' apartment build - hallway gabbi and Laura be walk up the hallway . LAURA so you be just not gonna talk to I . you run off for forty minute , be I you valet , be this you hotel ? gabbi I say I be sorry , what do you want — heather gabrielle . Laura and gabbi turn to see Heather stand up the hallway from they . gabbi fuck off ! 59 . Heather begin stalking rapidly towards they , she heel click loudly on the wood floor , as Laura open she door , and gabbi shove Laura in , dive inside and slam the door . int . kris and LAURA 's apartment - continuous gabbi press herself against the door , lock it . LAURA I be gonna - gabbi yeah . Laura head off into the apartment . we intercut outside and inside as gabbi and Heather talk . heather gabrielle , it 's I . gabbi yeah , I know . heather I do not like how we leave it . gabbi you do not respond to any of my text . heather well - gabbi or my call - heather I be busy , I be - gabbi busy - heather I be emotional . you understand , I be a fragile person , and when someone be cruel to I , the way you be cruel to I , it 's - — gabbi how be I cruel to you ? ever ? 60 . heather you judge I , be always judge I - gabbi when ? heather when you find out I have be have sex with deanne , you be very cruel to I , you judge I , and you shout at I , I be a fragile person , I need to be treat with care and love , not aggression and derision . you make a mockery of the trust I have put in you just because you be mad at I , you treat I poorly like you do not even care how I be feel , you - gabbi ( flatly ) I sleep with someone . heather .-- oh my god . ( long beat ) you fuck someone , it 's only be a day - gabbi I know - heather how could you be so heartless ? ( beat ) how could you detach you love so easily from mine ? gabbi you sleep with people while be still together ! heather do not make this about I ! you fucking bitch ! raaaaaahhhhh - Heather do a bipolar jekyll / hyde lightning quick , and begin punch and kick the door . gabbi flinch , scared . heather ( cont 'd ) you be soulless ! i'd spit in you face for what you've do to I ! ( more ) 61 . heather ( cont 'd ) how could you treat I like this !? you be a truly horrible person , you 're a monster , you 're a sociopath , cretin , you 're a fucking slut , I hate you - kris that 's enough . kris push gabbi out of the way . kris ( cont 'd ) Heather you do not get out of here right now I ’ma be force to take action . heather fine ! call the police ! send I to jail I don ’t care if that 's what you think I deserve ! kris I be not talk about the cop , I be tell you I will come out there and split you goddamn head open like a watermelon , comprende ? heather fuckkk youuuu - kris slap the door violently several time , and Heather shriek in fear , run away down the hallway like a scold cat . gabbi you - you do not have to - kris the fuck I do not . ext . los feliz blvd - twilight cory walk along , pull he jacket up , steeling himself against the cold . he bump into someone . look up , he can see that it 's a very old man . there 's something odd about he , stand in the streetlight . cory sorry , I 'ma klutz . old man it 's all right . there 's a silence . the light flicker . cory so - old man I know you . cory ha , dude I do not think so . old man no , I do , I know you . cory I be actually from Florida , do you come from around there ? old man ... I have be there . I have be a lot of place . ( beat ) I have be alive a long , long time . cory you think you know I ? old man yes . I have know you a long time . I have know you since before you be bear . cory oh...okay . old man I have be alive a long long time . cory ... gotcha . the two of they stand there look at each other , cory clearly uncomfortable . old man do you have anything for I ? cory what ? old man do you have something I can take with I , as a souvenir . ( more ) 62 . 63 . old man ( cont 'd ) because I finally meet you . I have be wait to meet you . cory I ... the man stare at cory , who try to decide how to react . the night suddenly seem very quiet ; no sound from the car , no ambient anything . cory ( cont 'd ) sure , here . cory take out the little tooth - pick sword from he drink at the gay-bar . he cautiously hand it to the old man , who very suddenly move towards he , snatching it away . cory ( cont 'd ) be that ... be that good ? old man it 's good . ( beat ) you be very lucky you have something for I , cory . I have have hate to take ... something else . cory yeah ... right on , man . old man hah . hahahahaha . hah . the Old man turn , and walk away , stick the sword in he pocket . the sound abruptly come back in , startling cory . he shake he head , shaking it off , and then look around . up high above , he can see the griffith Park observatory , glow out over Los Angeles . cory stare at it . it 's beautiful . he head off up into griffith Park . int . kris and LAURA 's apartment gabbi 's in the live room , wiping tear . kris be in the kitchen , eat devill egg out of a styrofoam container . Laura 's already talk - 64 . LAURA say something . you can ’t just silence I with silence , that 's not how it 's gonna work , gabbi ! gabbi snort back tear loudly . LAURA ( cont ’d ) that 's it . we be have a intervention . kris . help I intervention gabbi . kris ( without look up ) ...nah . gabbi Laura , come on - LAURA why do Heather think you fuck somebody ? and what the hell be that today , you run off and come back cry - gabbi -.. I do , I sleep with someone . LAURA what whoa . finally . I have be tell you for year that once you break up with Heather you would get swarmed with chick , and now ...now ... what 's that face ? gabbi be make a very strange face indeed . LAURA ( cont ’d ) -.. be it someone I know ? gabbi no. ( quietly ) it be a guy actually - Laura spit take , and then cough for a full fifteen second , spluttering up vitamin water . LAURA a guy !? kris ! kris ! kris I hear . 65 . LAURA why !? who !? gabbi this guy cory , from Florida . LAURA ( under she breath ) Florida ! gabbi I totally fuck he over yesterday too and ditch he in Santa monica - kris damn . gabbi just because I do not know what the hell I be do , I see he today in beverly Hills that 's why I run - LAURA why would you do that in the first place !? gabbi I just want to , in that moment I just - you know that moment , you have have it , where it 's like , you just want the person , and like none of the other stuff matter , you just want they - kris ( quietly ) Hell yeah she do . LAURA kris . come on . ( to gabbi ) have you ever - with a guy - gabbi --.no. LAURA you lose you virginity - gabbi I lose my virginity when I be fifteen Laura - 66 . LAURA not technically ! gabbi why , because of the penis ? LAURA oh my god , the penis ! the penis ! ( beat ) do you - put it in you mouth - gabbi what !? no! ( beat ) sort of - LAURA where do he - I mean - gabbi in a McDonalds hamburger wrapper - LAURA stop ! what . stop . kris , over by the fridge get a beer , stand , chuckle . kris what 's you hang - up , Laura ? LAURA what ? be you not hearing this ? kris I do not see why you be flippin 's out so hard , so what , maybe she 's bi . would you think different of I if I would be with a few asian guy ? LAURA if you have be with a guy - wait , a few asian guy ? what ? that be way too specific - kris all right , calm down . gabbi , you like this guy , you should call he . better than that fuckin’ jack - off Heather , yeah ? you have get nothing to lose . do not be such a goddamn baby . LAURA I do not even know you . 67 . kris you love this . alla this . kris and Laura be kissie face . gabbi sit deep in think . ext . griffith park - night cory walk alone up a very dark trail , head towards the observatory . he hear what sound like a growl from the bush , and stop , look into they . a bizarre korean man in what appear to be a onesie jog past he . cory hey , be it safe to be out here at night - bizarre korean man yeah man totally fine . they stand there for a moment , the Korean guy jogging in place . bizarre korean man ( cont ’d ) hey man you got a iphone ? cory no - bizarre korean man get one man ! woo ! ( turn , run ) livin 's it up . cory watch he go , then turn , look out at Los Angeles . the view be incredible . the star be on the ground , and the sky be only darkness . cory sigh , and take out he phone , dial Brendan . int . brendan 's apartment —- continuous Brendan be play video game and cry . he do not even notice the phone ring . ext . griffith park - continuous voicemail pick up . 68. cory hey , I do not know if you be even gonna get this , with the reception up here , but .... yeah , what I do , what I have be do be mess up , and I know you be like '' fuck cory '' this ’n’that but ... I do not know , but I ... I be unhappy , dude . after college I have all this plan and idea about what I be gonna do , and who I be gonna be , and they all just kinda fall apart . ( beat ) remember when I apply to all that job out here , and I do not get any of they ? well that do something to I , you do not even know . ( beat ) I think I get scared . I get scared that I have come out here , and just be three step behind you , just another part of you famous guy entourage , and I get afraid , and I bail , I bail because I be scared of be ... I do not know , nobody ? back home , at my job , I be somebody . I be too scared to start all over again . ( beat ) I do not know . this trip have be nut . I love you , man . we be gonna work it out . ( beat ) calllll I . cory wipe away a tear , and sigh , stare out at LA . he take a few step , but then bend down to tie he shoe , and then notice a sound . he look up . a massive mountain lion have walk into the path in front of he . the lion stare at cory . cory stare at the mountain lion . it snarl . the mountain cory 's phone the mountain off into the cory do not move , kneel there helplessly . lion take a step forward . ring . lion snarl and hiss in fear , and then run underbrush . cory stay freeze for a bit , then answer he phone . 69 . cory ( cont 'd ) hello ? gabbi ( on phone ) .-- hi cory . cory ..- hi gabbi . ext . holiday inn - shortly thereafter cory walk up to one of the room door at the holiday Inn on sunset . he knock , wait , and gabbi answer . they stand there stare at each other . cory LA be fuckin’ weird . gabbi yeah ? cory I go for a walk through Hollywood and I see all this crazy people , and hooker , and then I walk up north and it get all foresty and I meet this guy who I think maybe be the devil ? I do not know , but then I see this crazy building , and a mountain lion , it be really - gabbi sound weird - cory s’fuckin’ weird , yeah . they stand there stare at each other . a beat . cory ( cont 'd ) so be this you place ? gabbi no , I just ... get it so we could talk . I be stay with friend - cory talk , yeah . gabbi yeah . 70 . cory my face be like be pull towards you face right now by invisible wire do you feel that . gabbi ... I ... we should not . cory why not ? gabbi be silent for a long time . gabbi straighten herself awkwardly , mutter something incoherent , and then look back up at cory . gabbi ( beat ) go for it . they kiss . it 's the most sensual , romantic kiss you have ever see . everything go to slow motion , and fuschia electricity crackle in the air - cory pull away , pink electricity crackle between they lip . cory okay whoa . gabbi yeah . cory okay . gabbi okay . cory shove gabbi up against the door frame , kissing she , she neck , she shoulder , run he hand up she body under she shirt , but gabbi hop up onto he , throw he off balance in a burst of bright fuschia electricity - - he clutches for the door - -slamm it close . the night be quiet again . after a moment , the little indian girl cory kneed in the face at the airport walk by the door , but then stop . there be a rhythmic thumping against the door come from the inside . the little indian girl stare at the door , confuse . 71 . after a moment , she mother call she , and she turn to go to she - but fall flat on she face . she stand up , try to play it cool , glance back at the door one last time , and then run off to she mother . ext . brendan 's apartment —- balcony Brendan 's out on the balcony , drink white wine from the bottle . he 's listen to the last of cory 's voicemail . he sigh , and set down the phone . brendan you do not get it CO - ree . I be with you . I do not know who I be any more . his phone ring , startling he . we split screen to reveal macauly culkin , run on a treadmill in he home gym . there be cat everywhere . macauly culkin what 's up my boo ? brendan oh , , hi Mac , what 's - — macauly culkin so be you totally fuckin gay right now or what ? you gettin buttfuck right now ? brendan I - uh - macauly culkin just cause you like to fuck dude do not make you gay , man , I fuck all sort of stuff and no one think I be gay , I feel totally normal . ( to a cat ) cunt you get down off that table ! sorry , yellin at my cat ! can not let cat in the gym , boo , they piss ! they piss goddamnit ! brendan do you need something ? 72 . macauly culkin Press event tomorrow at eight am , . get that junket in , get you junket on , take you junk out , do not take you junk out , that will get you in trouble , then the party at night and we both take we junk out , hey you fuck ! get off the freeweight ! you pissing piece of shit ! Bright and early tomorrow morning ! cha - zap ! stay gay ! culkin hang up . Brendan slump down on the porch . close on : a television show a ad for something call the '' baby muzzle , '' show a confuse look baby be muzzle by a glitzy blonde . we zoom out to reveal that the television be float in the air ina black void , very near to the hotel bed where cory and gabbi lay , intertwined in post-coital intimacy , that special body as one thing you only get after good sex . we zoom out to reveal that the bed be float about a hundred foot up in the black void , over where it should be in the hotel room far below . you know that thing . where time seem to stop exist and the bed be it 's own world and it 's just you and they . that wonderful thing . cory be gently rub gabbi 's back . he reach over and use the remote to turn off the tv , send it plummete back down to the hotel room . he notice gabbi stare at he , near tear . cory what ? gabbi ...- this be really nice . ugh , this be too nice , I like this too much . cory what 's too nice ? you like what ? there 's a gabbi laugh , but then go quiet . gabbi this , all of this . I be still - I have not work thing out with my other ... I just feel really comfortable around you . it 's like you be not even a person . cory oh , that sound ... great . gabbi yeah . beat . cory so that be amazing then , it be not just I . because that be crazy great , that be the best time I have ever have do a sex anything . and she laugh again . gabbi -..- it 's not just you . I be not at the - I do not know if I be down to like , talk about all that - part of it , yet - I be still think about - cory no , no problem . ( beat ) there 's shit go on . this be a thing . 73 . cory raise he eyebrow , gabbi laugh , flatter , but then roll over and look at he for a moment , summoning up courage . gabbi listen , dude , the person I be with ... I be with this girl Heather for a while , like , year , multiple year and she be just ... she be a liar . in the worst way , where she would just .... she hook up with other people . a lot . and she have flirt in front of I , and then somehow she would make I feel bad for be mad about that , and she just constantly - ( beat , realize ) she make I feel like shit . she let I think I be shit . 74 . cory sound like a real asshole . gabbi what I mean be I - there 's stilla lot of stuff go on , in here , and I have not deal with any of it yet . I do not know what this be , this you thing , and I do not - I do not want to mess it up either but I can not - I do not know . I do not know . idunnoidunnoidunno . cory that be a lot of I do not know . God you sound like Brendan . gabbi who 's Brendan ? cory -.- my best friend . on Earth . he 's the reason I come to laaaaaaaa ... cory roll over , groan . cory ( cont 'd ) he and I be not do well right now . gabbi why not ? cory roll back over , look at she . gabbi ( cont 'd ) what 's that face ? cory be make a very strange face indeed . cory maybe you can help . gabbi me? how ? cory be you scared to come out ? what help you ? gabbi it 's a gay thing ? 75 . cory it 's a gay thing . gabbi ughhh ... cory I can not just do gay - magic and make thing fine for he , that 's not how it work , it 's internal - cory I be desperate . I be in hail - mary mode . gabbi .--- i’11 think about it , but - cory smile . cory .-..oh god ... what 's happen to I ... gabbi ! help - something be - cory struggle wildly as he lower he body down hers , bring he head to she crotch . cory ( cont 'd ) I can not stop - I - oh god - mmrmrmph ! gabbi laugh , and then gasp in delight . ext . the sky Brendan be soar through the air , riding on the back of a griffin ( think never ending Story ) through a idyllic storybook sky . Flying above the cloud , he look down at a magical kingdom far below he . brendan this be amazing ! thank you for do this for I , griffin ! griffin griffin ( in ridiculous cartoon voice ) no problem , Brendan ! brendan what 's that down there ? griffin griffin that 's the Palace of self - acceptance ! and there , to the north , be the Gay market ! 76 . brendan it all look so beautiful from up here ! griffin griffin why do not you go down for a closer look ! brendan no , I - the griffin release he , and he plummet , scream , down towards the Gay Kingdom ! slap to : Brendan snap awake in bed , breathe hard . he look around ... to see that he bed be still plummeting down toward the ground - slap to : Brendan snap awake on he couch , bleary eye , drop the wine bottle off he chest . ext . brendan 's apartment -— dawn Brendan be walk towards he car , when he 's suddenly tackled by cory , and wrestle into the trunk of gabbi 's car . slam ! in the trunk Brendan fumble around and find the trunk light . in the trunk , they have leave he a bottle of water , a coloring book and some crayon . brendan cory ! cory goddamn it ! U2 's '' where the street have no name '' begin to blast through the car . brendan ( cont 'd ) no cory ! not U2 cory ! don ’t do this ! goddamn it don ’t do this ! we move into a montage 77 . as gabbi and cory drive out of urban LA , through the valley , finally out and up into the desert . cory appreciate the crazy sigh out here , the cattle , the weird middle of nowhere house , but not as much as he appreciate gabbi . slam to : the trunk pop open revealing cory and gabbi , and Brendan fling he crayon into they face and jump out into - ext . vasquez rock - morning the tower natural rock formation spire up in the midmorn sky all around they . Desert span out on all side . Brendan do not notice or care , he take off he shoe and throw it at cory , who dodge , so he throw the other shoe , then he wallet , then he cell phone , and he key - — cory Brendan - jesus - slow down - Brendan pull off he shirt and throw that too , then he pants , then yell a few time , stand there in underwear . brendan cory , what the hell , man . gabbi cory say you be have some trouble with gayness . brendan ( to cory ) really ? cory we bring you here because gabbi think maybe she could help you to get a better look at yourself . brendan what be you suppose to be , lesbian yoda ? what cause she 's gay she 's gonna magically fix everything , cory you fucker - gabbi suck my ball . brendan whoa . cory . 78 . gabbi you let you friend come out of the closet for you to you parent . that 's goof - ass . brendan ( ignore she ) I be miss the press junket , fuck . cory this be a mess , you can not just - Brendan look around at the supremely alien landscape . brendan ( cont ’d ) where the hell be we ? there 's a beat of silence . gabbi we gonna go for that walk , or what ? ext . vasquez rock - big peak Brendan , still in he underwear , sit scowling on the high peak of vasquez rock , gabbi sit next to he . the sun be rise . it 's beautiful . gabbi you wanna hear some selfish shit ? brendan I have be hang out with cory for the last few day , I think I have hear enough - gabbi no , that 's he selfish shit for he , this selfish shit be all yours . brendan thrill I . gabbi I be of the maybe somewhat controversial opinion that there be no such thing , objectively , as a unnecessary secret . ( more ) 79 . gabbi ( cont 'd ) my whole personality have , for a pretty long time , be base on repress how I feel about thing , and I have come to realize that that can work pretty good for a person if they do it right . ( beat ) but keep the wrong secret can be toxic . and it can start mess with you from the inside , especially if it 's a you secret , and do not involve anyone else . it 's like let a piranha into you fish tank , it start shredd everything around it , and eventually you go a little crazy , and if you do not let it out , you go fuck - fuck nut - brendan I be already go fucking nut - gabbi then why do not you let it out - brendan because I ’m scare , okay !? I ’m scare . Brendan scream out at the desert plain . brendan ( cont 'd ) I ’m a pussy , I ’m a coward . you caught I . i’m afraid . ( beat ) fuck . gabbi ( quietly ) afraid of what ? Brendan groan . brendan -.. what be I afraid of . ( long silence ) I be afraid that my career will fall apart . it 's be my whole life . I be afraid my fan will turn on I . I be afraid I will be a joke . I be afraid people be go to look at I different - 80 . gabbi fuck people - brendan my parent , people I love , my family . I have no idea how I be suppose to establish who I be all over again to everyone I know , I be afraid I will lose what I be , I be afraid I will change , I be afraid that this be something wrong with I , like - not wrong but it can not have creep up on I like this . ( beat ) I be afraid I will not be I anymore . Brendan be nearly hyperventilate , but something seem to strike he . brendan ( cont ’d ) I be ...afraid ... I will not be I anymore ? ( beat ) what ? gabbi - have not say that one outloud ? brendan that 's so stupid . what be I do ? I be I . he look to gabbi . brendan ( cont ’d ) I be I . ( laugh ) Holy shit . ( scream out at the desert ) I am I ! it 's stupid but that 's real shit , so fuck everything ! stand at the edge of the rock , overlook the kingdom of Earth , Brendan throw he arm up to the sky . on the soundtrack , we hear the open to '' Circle of life '' from the lion King . it 's epic . this be awesome . gabbi look up at Brendan , who turn , breathe hard , exhilated . 81 . brendan ( cont ’d ) .»..- can I use you cell phone ? down by the bottom of the rock cory be face off with a rabbit . gabbi come down to he . cory what happen ? gabbi I do not know yet . be you really leave tomorrow ? cory ... yeah . gabbi I think you and I should talk , about this - about what this be - cory I think you be not ready . gabbi -.. I do not know if I be . cory you wanna go climb to that rock up there and just make out and rub each other for like ... foreseeable future ? gabbi look up at the rock . gabbi yeah , actually , I - that sound ... yeah okay . time pass . the ehrlick 's rental car come up into the park , drive in past the rock , parking on the dirt . Mr. and Mrs. ehrlick get out , clearly confuse . cory and gabbi notice they from where they sit on a rock far away . cory well that 's interesting . 82. the ehrlick 's look around , confuse . Brendan appear on a rock high above they , frame by the late afternoon sun . he yell something , inaudible , wave he arm . the ehrlick look at each other , even more confuse now . mrs . ehrlick what ? where be you clothes ? brendan I be gay ! mr . ehrlick you're ...gay ? brendan yes ! I be gay ! I ’m gay ! and I have be gay , all along ! mwahahahahahaha - CUT to : cory and Brendan be sit high on a rock , drink Coronas . Brendan 's clearly deep in think . brendan ( cont ’d ) it get ... supervillain-y . cory supervillain -y , really - brendan more supervillain -y than I would intend , yeah - cory you be a supervillain who make they son gay . Brendan smile out at the desert . cory ( cont 'd ) so how have they take it . flash to : the ehrlick scream up at Brendan . mrs . ehrlick we know you be gay ! 83 . mr . ehrlick it 's okay , buddy ! we have be wait for this since you be fifteen ! brendan ( long beat ) you know I be gay ? mrs . ehrlick yes honey ! brendan why didn ’t you tell I !? the ehrlick exchange a look . mr . ehrlick why do not we tell you you be gay ? Brendan stand there , frustrated . back to : cory and then they just leave ? brendan yeah . I think they be a little piss at the ... yknow , method , and there 's gonna be a longer discussion ... or something ... cory .».. you okay ? brendan I be fine . dude , I be really , completely , and totally fine . cory '' a great weight have be lift . '' brendan '' a great weight have be lift . '' exactly . somewhere down below they , gabbi manage to overturn a massive boulder , which go crash down the cliff . gabbi whooooooo00000 ! fuck yeah ! anarchyyyy ! 84 . Brendan and cory watch she celebrate . brendan she 's ... pretty spectacular - cory yep . yep yep yep yep . Brendan lay backwards , on the rock , look at the sky . cory lay back too . cory ( cont 'd ) so , like , when you jerk off . you think about guy ? brendan most of the time , yeah . cory '' most of the time . '' brendan like occasionally .... very rarely , sometimes I think about Ashley , or Erin - cory that be girl . brendan - jessica alba - cory definitely a girl . brendan yeah . I do not know man . cory but you be like 99 % gay though . brendan right . cory except for girl you have already have sex with . brendan -..and jessica alba . cory okay , just do I a favor and be full gay , okay - 85 . brendan hey cory . cory what ? brendan you be a great friend . cory start to respond , but then go silent , and just smile . Brendan laugh , and check the time . brendan ( cont ’d ) shit , it 's five . we have gotta get back to LA for the party . cory good day , better night . the music on the score have a dark sting . brendan uh oh . cory yeah that be a creepy musical cue . brendan stuff 's gonna go wrong . cory forebode , yeah . slam to : the outside of a soundstage , that 's be convert to a party venue for the premiere venue . sexy people everywhere , drink , dance . Big poster for Brendan 's show be everywhere , run alongside a red-carpet . cory 's at the edge of the carpet with Brendan , security stop he . brendan go to the other end , go around . cory get it , boss . Brendan turn from cory , straight into Cynthia . brendan ah ! 86 . cynthia you go to be able to handle this without it blow up in we face ? brendan what like I have I have never do a red carpet before ? cynthia we be right on the edge here , Brendan , do not act cute . you miss the junket this morning , you have still get rumor go all over the place , and there 's some insane doctore picture of you in you underwear stand on a cliff go around - Brendan seem to have a lightbulb moment . brendan it 's not doctore . cynthia what ? brendan the picture be not doctore . I take off all my clothes and stand on a cliff . Cynthia stare at he , uncertain how to react . Brendan turn , and start walk the carpet , get picture take . he notice he parent at the far end . they wave at he excitedly , and take a picture . Brendan stare back , bewilder , as a microphone be shove in he face . reporter hey Brendan , excited about the season ? brendan ha , well , I already know all the twist , so I be more proud than excited . reporter any comment on all the gay rumor swirl around you recently ? time stop for a moment . 87. Brendan look at he parent , smile at he , proud of they successful , brilliant , handsome son . he look and see he best friend cory in the crowd , who shrug at he . time unfreeze . brendan only that they be one hundred percent true , Eric . reporter ... what ? brendan I be gay . try not to panic . the entire focus of the red carpet become about Brendan . the flashbulb of two dozen camera go off in rapid fire , illuminate Brendan , smile and look sexy as hell . but Brendan 's overwhelm , he 's hype , he 's psyched . he jump the velvet rope and rush up to he parent , embrace they , laugh and cry . they hug he back , laugh , he dad self - consciously so , but jesus christ , what a photo op . Brendan turn and kiss Cynthia on the mouth , mwa ! cory and gabbi be at the edge of the red carpet , watch Brendan , cory look through he giftbag . gabbi that be fuck awesome . cory check it out , they give we yo yos and herbal facewash . gabbi notice Heather on the red carpet , pose , have picture take . a air raid siren go off , building in intensity , and then - cory ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? gabbi it 's my ex . cory what ? you ex ? like you two day ago ex , what 's she do here ? 88 . gabbi she 's hot , she like party , they invite girl like she to stuff like this . Heather see gabbi , and immediately hurry away , beginning to sob , drop she jacket . gabbi watch she go . gabbi ( cont 'd ) her jacket - cory be a trap , gabbi . gabbi I should say something . cory you do not have to . gabbi we be together for year , I owe she - cory you do not owe she anything . forget she jacket . it 's just a stupid jacket . gabbi -.. it 's she favorite ... cory c'mon . really ? gabbi stare at cory , then wince and shake she head , pull away from he , go and get Heather 's jacket and head off after she . cory groan . brendan did you fucking see that !? ahhhhh ! Brendan embrace cory , hugging he as more camera flash ; they follow he now . brendan ( cont ’d ) I feel like I just fuckin 's - super power , cory ! cory nod and smile half - heartedly . cory gabbi 's talk to she ex . 89 . Brendan glance over at where gabbi and Heather be talk by the edge of the party . brendan oh , yeah . shit. ( quickly , still energetic ) no , no , cory , c’mon , look at I ! we be up , let 's stay up ! fuck they , we be gonna get through it , right ? cory I - yeah - brendan let 's go get a drink ! cory I do not have any money - brendan come on , hooker , I be about to introduce you to the concept of a '' open bar '' and change you life forever . Brendan pull cory into the event . int . hard justice premiere - moment later - it 's awesome light , people dance , have fun , drink , lot of very very sexy girl in minidress , like a ton of they , crazy light ... if you have ever be to one of this thing , you know how nut they be . if not , learn . a super doofy looking guy be do some really bad breakdancey type stuff , clearly high on coke , to impress some model . doofy looking guy I got my own damn yacht man , I and leo go out on the yacht every weekend , pop champagne and do it , we do it out there man , do you know what I mean , we feel free doin it cory and Brendan be over at the bar , cory wolfing down drink . 90 . cory you be right ! this be awesome ! drink faster ! and more ! brendan you okay ? cory i'm great ! I be leave tomorrow morning ! I have a million emotion run through my head at once ! it 's gonna explode ! brendan yeah that 's ... great ! cory this music be loud ! meanwhile , out in a courtyard Heather and gabbi be talk . Heather 's calmer than we have see she , give a impression of sincerity that just might be ... sincere . heather all I be say be we never talk . gabbi we talk - heather no we fight , it be in the moment , it be heat , it be not who either of we want to be , yell and scream and call each other name . that 's not we , that 's never be we . gabbi I - I want to talk to you . I miss you , I do , I just - agh I should not have say that - I , you ... I be just so mad at you - heather and I understand that , and deserve it , but I want a chance to talk about it . I want a chance to really just , get it all out there , between we , and be really , truly honest with each other . ( beat ) ( more ) 91 . heather ( cont 'd ) have not we earn that , for each other ? do not all the thing we have share earn we some time , some real time to figure it out ? gabbi , be clearly conflict , shifting and look around . heather ( cont ’d ) I do not know where you have be , I do not know who you have be with , I - gabbi ( in a breathless rush ) there 's this guy from Florida and I do not know , we - I have just be hang out with he - heather that 's fine , it 's okay . I understand - gabbi no , it 's not , you be right - I just jump right into this with he and he leave tomorrow anyway , I - I have be make a lot of bad decision , I think , or questionable decision - — bad decision , and you be right , I do not end we , or figure we out . you be right . Heather smile sadly , and touch gabbi 's arm . they hug , and we can see little bolt of pink electricity crackle between they . back inside cory be stare at all the girl butt . Brendan look at he and smile , and the doofy look guy suddenly pop up between they . doofy looking guy you brendan do you remember I it 's I skyler brendan no , sorry . 92 . doofy looking guy yo man I got a lot of project go on you should think about getting into some of they , like I know you 're busy and have a tv show and you 're too big time for I and whatever but I 've got money from ecuador to make some really interesting film -— brendan yeah , great , but ...no . gabbi pull cory away , over to by the bathroom , where it 's quieter . gabbi cory , there 's something we need to talk about . cory well , there 's a lot - gabbi no I mean there 's a specific - I can not be with you , tonight . I really want to , I do , I really enjoy you , I enjoy talk to you , I enjoy be with you , but I can not - cory oh shit , do not , do not - gabbi do not what ? cory you be use you adult , platonic , comforting voice , and you be make a adult , platonic , comforting face , I know what this mean - — gabbi cory , come on , do not - cory no man , I just want you to keep use you real voice , I do not want the break - up voice . I want the bed voice back , I want the real voice , c’mon - 93 . gabbi listen , I need to do what 's right for I right now . you be a really truly wonderful guy , and I - cory ( slightly panicked ) thatsnottherealvoicethatsnotthereal voice gabbi and I really like you , I do . this be a hard , confusing time for I , you know ? it 's a mess , and you have to know that . I do not know . I just do not know what I want . you be a great friend , and you always will be . cory look around , think . cory no , you be right . you be totally right , of course . I know that this whole thing - I , he , she , it 's be like a sort of big tornado , and I know that you - be go through a lot , and you be probably right , we just meet at the wrong time , or something . I know that you really care about she , despite what she do , and - I know I be not really a viable option , realistically , so , I ... I understand . gabbi you be a great person , cory . gabbi embrace he in a friendly around the rib hug , and smile . as she do this , a hot-water - boil whistle begin to emit from cory . gabbi look up , confuse . cory can you excuse I for a moment . cory turn and walk off through the crowded club , as steam begin to flood out from under he collar , out he ear and nose . Brendan see he , and grab he by the arm . 94 . brendan come on . gabbi go to Heather , who smile , embrace she . gabbi , in this hug , suddenly do not look sure . meanwhile Brendan pull cory away , through the club , out to the courtyard cory yank away from Brendan . cory pace around furiously as they talk , wildly gesticulate with he rum and coke . brendan ( cont ’d ) what the hell happen in there ? cory she fuckin’ dumped I man - brendan you be not even together - cory but she dumped I anyway , I do not even know she could do it until she do , and for that - for that evil goth pin - up model , what the ball - brendan look it do not matter if it be for she ex , or someone new , listen to I - it do not matter if it be for the worst person in the world , or the best , she do what she feel like she need to do to be happy - cory no ! okay , no ! I do not want to be complicated ! I be sick of feel like I be too smart or screw up or stupid or anything to just go after what feel good . I want to know what I want , I want to not be so afraid of make a mistake that I stop myself from chase something that pull I in , and I do not care if the relationship be doom , I do not care if all relationship be doom , when you feel something and you want it and you - you do not care stop yourself and hold back and be a fuck grow up , it 's all bullshit ! this isn ’t fair ! ( more ) 95 . cory ( cont 'd ) this should not be happen , and there 's nothing I can do - brendan why the hell not ? cory ... what ? because I ... because - brendan no cory , I be not let you do it to yourself this time ! cory brendan no ! what 's you alternative ? ( angrier and angrier ) just get over everything that suck , look on the bright - side and move on with you life ? '' oh , it be just the wrong time , oh , we just be not right for each other . '' stare at she facebook at three am wonder what do I do wrong , know that oh , maybe it have nothing to do with I and I can not change it ? rinse repeat rinse repeat oh so that 's '' real life ? '' ( furious ) fuck that shit . we 're in los angele . cory take a deep breath , and then nod . Brendan and cory clasp hand like viking . cory brendan brother . brother . cory turn and storm back in , and Brendan follow into the venue where he see cory stare over at Heather and gabbi . Heather be hold the end of a chain , attach to a dog collar around gabbi 's throat . cory ( as he approach ) gabbi we be leave . brendan what the hell be that chain ? 96 . cory it 's not a real chain , it 's just a metaphor . brendan do not you think that 's sort of on the nose - as cory approach , Heather yank gabbi backwards with the chain , to she bosom . gabbi cory , I think you understand , just please , go . we have a nice thing , but Heather and I - I love she , cory , we - cory Christ be you hearing yourself ? the chain tug . gabbi she 's not bad , she 's just - difficult , she 's get problem and I should not leave she alone , it 's selfish of I - cory you don ’t want this . you don ’t know what you want , sure , but you don ’t want this . you can xt. you just can ’t . gabbi stare at he for a moment , and then step out of the way between Heather and cory . Heather turn , smile . she hold a unopen redbull in one hand . it 's a serious bossfight reveal as gabbi back up . heather I want to tell you that you do not mean anything . cory what ? heather to gabbi . she 's like a leaf in the wind , she just do what she think people want she to do . you make she feel appreciate , and she need that , so you she fall on you dick . ( more ) 97 . heather ( cont 'd ) but you should know that it do not mean anything . she use you . cory look to Brendan , like '' be you fuck kid . '' heather ( cont ’d ) she 's a baby . and she need a pacifier . to suck on . cory wow , you be - I have know you for ten second and you be just completely awful already . cory draw a sword ; rapier , the old pirate kind . Heather , in response , draw a sword of she own . everyone at the party back up . people begin mutter '' sword fight , sword fight '' '' should we call the cop ? '' '' no I think it 's mostly a metaphor sword fight . '' '' oh it 's symbolic I get it . '' '' yeah but with real sword though . '' '' so yeah call the cop . '' '' no I already do . '' brendan wait ! stop ! cory this be you idea , Brendan . brendan yes , but I think it be just gonna be a emotional - a emotional confrontation - sword !? mat 's - we can not - hey ! Brendan , infuriate turn to the director of the film I him her , who be sit with all of he crew and a and B camera nearby , filming they . brendan ( cont ’d ) be you just gonna let this happen ? the director think , then shrug . director fuck it . Heather scream and charge cory , and they begin to engage in what you , and the audience , will recognize as one of the finest sword fight in film history . 98 . they fight literally throughout the entire party as they argue ; swordfight choreography be hard as fuck to write out in script form though , so just trust that there 's awesome shit happen this whole time and pay attention to what they be say . heather you be a fling , you be not even a rebound ! you fill she head with all this '' do what you want '' stuff but all you really want be for she to want you ! cory be that wrong of I ? be she not allow to want anyone other than you - heather she do it because she 's get low self esteem , and you play on that - cory no , okay , fuck that . you be a bad person , man , and not even the cheating bug I , it 's the shit you be say now - you be a manipulator - heather oh I be a bad person ? who the fuck be you , you do not even know she - cory people like you be the scum of the earth man , cause you believe you own shit ! cory accidentally slashes wide , and slice the doofy looking guy across the face . he go down hard . cory ( cont 'd ) oh shit - sorry dude - Heather attack full force ! cory ( cont 'd ) agh ! you fart ! heather gabbi you be go to let he talk to I like this ? ( more ) 99 . heather ( cont 'd ) after all we share , the truest and deep love , emotion that most people do not ever feel but once in a life time - cory how do you manage to pull off be psychotic and corny at the same time !? heather you could never understand I ! I have a thousand reason to be the woman I be ! cory - well guess what , they be all bullshit and you suck ! cory duel Heather out the front door into the parking lot dragging gabbi with they . cory ( cont 'd ) you hurt people , and you be piece of shit , and she 's outgrown you , fuck deal with it . cory bashes the sword out of Heather 's hand , disarming she and hold she at swordpoint . heather well I - cory deal with it . do not speak , I wanna see you just stand there a absorb - Heather smashes cory in the face with her close can of redbull . the impact be violent and surprising , bloody cory 's nose and mouth . brendan oh , oh jesus christ - cory stagger backwards , drop he sword , as gabbi stand there in shock . cory you fuckin - a fuck soda can - 100 . heather you be fuck right , faggot , what be you gonna do about it - brendan what the hell be wrong with you - heather fuck you bitch , I do not - cory suddenly lunge at Heather , and Brendan block he , hold he back . cory I ’m gonna fuckin kill you heather oh what you 're gonna hit a girl ? cory no I ’m gonna ... kill you brendan let I go - brendan no cory -— cory she 's fuckin '- osama bin laden - I have to - destroy her - heather oh yeah big man , big fuckin 's man gonna beat up a girl . fuckin 's do it , hit I right here , see who the fuck cop believe you pus - gabbi deck heather in the face . Heather go down flail . gabbi draw a sword . Heather , shocked , scramble and pick up hers as gabbi attack ! heather ( cont ’d ) you fuck white trash - abusive - fake lesbian - gabbi fuck you heather ! there 's no such thing as fuck fake lesbian ! ( more ) 101 . gabbi ( cont 'd ) I can be whatever I want , and no one be go to tell I who I be , not straight people , not gay people , and certainly not you , you fuck crazy skank ! gabbi use the chain to she advantage , knock Heather down and start wail on she blade , fill with righteous anger , totally beat the crap out of she . it 's like luke at the end of return of the jedi up in this bitch . gabbi ( cont 'd ) I be who I am ! I do not care what you or anyone else think ! you be too fuck up for I to help ! I love you , but the way I move on be not by forgive you , it 's by stay angry and let you go ! gabbi shatter Heather 's sword , then slice apart the chain , before she toss aside she sword , disgust . Heather sit there , shaking , stare up at gabbi , cry and jaw wordlessly . heather you be so ... mean . gabbi God I can not believe I hate myself enough to deal with you shit . ( to cory ) let 's get out of here . cory look to Brendan , who nod . the three of they turn away , but then Brendan look back to Heather , who 's mumble furious to herself and fumble in she purse , yank out a can of pepper spray and blast it at gabbi and cory - Brendan shriek and in slow motion reaches out and grab the spray - top of the pepper spray , effectively diving on the grenade . the pepper spray blast he and splashes back into heather 's face - brendan heather ( raspy , choke ) ( monstrous agony ) ahhh ! whyyyy - rereareahhaehheryehhrheeee there be more people notice now , come over ; this be bad . 102 . cor come on , let 's go , let 's go - cory and gabbi grab Brendan and they all start sprinting out across the parking lot . Heather , leave alone , start flail wildly , and accidentally punch the side of a car , break she hand . heather arghhhhh ! ( long beat ) it 's not fair . no one be ever fair to I . I be the victim here . I be the one who need help - bystander hey do you need any - heather fuckkk yoooouuuu int . griffin 's apartment - 4 am griffin be wake up but a loud knock at the door . he 's groggy , but he get up and go to the door . he look through the keyhole , and then quickly open the door . Brendan stand there look beat to shit . griffin Jesus christ , Brendan , what happen to you ? Brendan , punch in the throat and spray with mace , speak in a disturbing , throaty voice . brendan a lot . I need to - griffin wait - about the parade , I do not know - I think , since you be at the bar , maybe you be already come out , and then I see what happen online , and I get embarrassed , and awkward , and - brendan no , you be right . 103 . griffin what ? brendan I be out , I come out . on the red carpet tonight . I just - ( do a florish ) boom , gay . surprise , world . there 's a beat , and Brendan and griffin both start laugh . brendan ( cont ’d ) I have have a crush on you for month . I want to ask you out on a date . griffin now ? brendan yes . not the date now , but yes . I be ask . now . griffin look past Brendan down to the car , where he see cory and gabbi , who be play with one of the complimentary yo - yo 's . griffin I ... sure . yes . brendan okay . great . here , have this bottle of herbal facewash . I would kiss you , but I be a disgusting monster . Brendan walk down the stair , back to the car , but griffin stop he , and give he a light kiss on the lip . Brendan grab he and kiss he full on the mouth , sexy ; fuschia electricity crackle around they . Brendan grin , look puffy and scary , and hurry down to the car . he try to hi-five cory , but he 's still blind and they end up hit each other in the face . int . brendan 's apartment - later cory , Brendan and gabbi be lay in a sort of loose pile on the couch , watch tv . well , cory be . Brendan and gabbi be asleep . 104 . cory stare at gabbi while she sleep . cory I wish I could read you mind . gabbi maybe you can . gabbi smile , and squeeze he hand . ext . brendan 's apartment - balcony - morning Brendan , he face still a little swollen from he injury , go out onto he balcony , and see the older city worker spraying the street down . the spray guy notice he . they lock eye . the spray guy point at he . Brendan nod , and point back at the spray worker . the spray worker nod approvingly . '' yeah , you do it . '' Brendan go inside . ext . the 405 - southbound - morning Brendan 's drive cory to the airport . gabbi sit in the back with cory , and they clutch each other 's hand . gabbi tear up , but then quickly wipe it away . ext . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport - departure Brendan pull over to let cory out , pop the trunk . cory get out and meet Brendan there . cory get he back , and slam the trunk . brendan that be - cory crazy . brendan crazy . cory you be come back for winter break , right ? brendan why do not you come here ? cory it 's not that easy , I be - brendan scare ? cory -.. I be not scared . 105 . Brendan look at cory , self conscious and vulnerable , and smirk . brendan I love you cory . cory yeah , well , I love you more , so I guess I win . brendan why be you do this ? cory what ? brendan why go back ? cory I have to , my job , I - brendan really ? cory look around . brendan ( cont ’d ) you know , I listen to you voicemail . cory .-..oh yeah ? brendan yeah . you should know ... if you come out here , you would not be start from nothing . ( beat ) you would not be alone . cory falter , clearly processing this . he look around self - consciously . 106 . cory yeah well ... see you soon . brendan see I sooner , watch hard Truth wednesday on fx . cory laugh , and go up onto the sidewalk , where he see gabbi . they be both quiet . cory walk up to she , and they lean against each other , silently . gabbi this be okay . cory yeah , this be good , this be totally fine . gabbi this be the only - yeah , this be the only - cory grab gabbi and kiss she ; fierce at first , but then slower , sadder , both of they realize they be cry as they turn it into a hug . gabbi ( cont 'd ) why be we cry we should not be cry - cory right because this be be just a casual - gabbi casual hook up thing I know - cory and yet we be both cry - gabbi and just stand here - cory yeah this do not feel casual - gabbi cory no it do not this be really not dramatic , it 's not it dramatic - — just - it 's intense - gabbi yeah , it feel ... I feel freak out . cory I too , I feel ... I mean what if I do not - see you again - I do not want 107 . that to just now be the last time I kiss you , with all the tear and snot now , it 's not - gabbi no that be a fine kiss . I just - it 's not a last kiss , there 's - — we will see each other again . cory how ? gabbi do not say how . we ’1ll ... we will we just will . cory you be gonna go , date someone , and I be gonna - gabbi dude stop . cory okay . gabbi okay . they hold hand for a moment , squeezing goodbye , and then walk off in different direction . and then about a second later they rush back to each other , embrace back into another tearful make - out cory okay we really have to . gabbi okay okay - cory it be not over , okay ? it be not ... we have get time . session . gabbi , after a beat , nod . they separate again , sobbing . gabbi be you happy ? 108 . cory what ? gabbi there . be you happy there ? cory 's quiet , and gabbi shake she head , sobbing , and get into the car . we follow cory through the airport , cry . we move into a montage eventually gabbi 's home . cory 's on the plane . they be both cry . they be go . but they can still feel that pull , that pink electricity that yank you from right under the solar plexus . maybe it will fade . but sometimes the fade be even more painful than the break . the montage continue , as we see dawn in los angele the bizarre Korean man be jogging up runyon canyon . '' whoo ! '' he shout as he pass some jogging model , scare the shit out of they . the little shocked asian boy be brush he tooth in the mirror , proud of himself . he practice he '' shocked '' face , and laugh . the Little indian girl be between she parent up Hollywood boulevard , look at the star on the walk of fame . she trip and fall on she face , and begin to cry . her mother pick she up , and they walk together , past a poster for the new season of hard justice . she smile into she mother 's shoulder . Santa monica pier. griffith Park observatory . vasquez rock . the motel room cory and gabbi stay in that night . fade to black . ext . florida - cory 's apartment build we can see cory sit alone on he bed through the window . 109 . int . cory 's apartment - bedroom cory sit in he mostly empty apartment . indeed , he 's live out of suitcase . he stare at they , sit on he bed , deep in think . int . cory 's office - night - day later cory sit in he office , finish a report . he finish , slamm close he laptop . he stare up at he eleven employee of the month plaque . he sighes , and look around . cory fuck this . int . the abbey - night the Abbey , a super fun gay club in weho , be jump off the hook . kris and Laura be cuddle by the bar ; Brendan , in sunglass , grab they more drink . gabbi meanwhile , be dance close and sexy with that pixie cute girl from earlier . lot of woman eying she . she break from the dance , laugh and smile flirtatiously , and then make she way to the bar . as she do , she get a text . hey . gabbi . gabbi 's eye widen and she smile nervously , then more legitimately as she reach the bar . LAURA what 's up ? gabbi show she the phone . Laura actually smile , but then the phone vibrate again . she stare at it , and then show it to gabbi . I quit . see you in two week ? gabbi stare at it , she face totally unreadable , but the hint of a smile touch the side of she mouth and - 110 . ext . cory 's office - parking lot cory be stand out in the parking lot , in the near darkness , watch he employee of the month plaque burn in a bonfire . the phone in he hand buzze . fuck . yes . cory smile , chuckle , and jump into the air ! freeze on cory 's Victory jump ! unfreeze ! cory come crash back down onto the asphalt , hit he tailbone really hard . cory ow ! fucking - ahh jesus , my ass ! what be that !? what be that about !? I be do my jump ! you 're supposed to freeze on the jump , it 's inspiring — slam to black . the end . after the card ... int . e! news bulletin they be show a picture of Brendan . E ! reporter - and e! News be live on the scene to catch every minute . they show footage of Brendan come out and hugging he parent . there 's also footage of he hugging Steve and scotty , who look perturb , but hesitantly happy and supportive . 111 . e! reporter ( cont ’d ) now that the dust have settle , you have gotta wonder who he think he be . a a list player like ehrlick come out just reek of a publicity grab . idiot asshole yeah , I mean , do anyone really care if Brendan ehrlick be gay ? slam to black . midway through the credit ... we be treat to promo for the new season of hard justice , as well as a online video entitle '' lesbian freak out remix , '' feature gabbi and cory 's fight in beverly Hills , glitch - beat edit and set to thumping techno music . this be what the guy filming for youtube make . after the credit ... ext . malibu - lonely beach - sunset the doofy looking guy who cory accidentally slashed at the premiere party be on he knee on the beach , look into the sunset . he now have a giant , scary scar across he whole face . he look forlorn and miserable . a single tear drop down he face . old man ( 0.s. ) I know you feel lose , and alone , like there 's nothing to hold on to . but I can give you life new meaning , a new purpose . the doofy look guy look up , and see the Old man stand on the sand next to he . he offer the doof cory 's toothpick sword . old man ( cont 'd ) revenge . 112. he take the sword , which abruptly extend into a real blade ! the doofus wipe he tear , and , with a nasty sneer , take the Old man 's hand . slam to black on the old man 's evil laugh