for you consideration '' extraordinary . the quietest act of resistance be part of what save civilization . '' Owen gleiberman , variety written and directed by terrence malick a hidden life base on the true Story of franz jagerstitter 's Act of courage & sacrifice ( = ) ( 2 ) ( = ) '' a hidden life written and directed by terrence malick a_hidden life written and directed by terrence malick July 06 , 2016 registered with the writer Guild of America copyright '' 2016 aii . a cast of character franz jagerstatter franziska ( fani ) , he wife rosi , maridl , loisi : they daughter ( 6 , 5 , 4 resie , fani 's sister Rosalia , franz 's mother fr. fiirthauer , the St. radegund priest ohlendorff , a painter hessler , a old friend neighbor : the blacksmith , miller , etc eckinger postman policeman Mayor kraus clerk , etc . Joseph fliessen , Bishop of linz Major kiel Lieutenant Guards captain fellow prisoner rogowski , andro , dimo , levan , etc . lueben , first judge , Reich 's military tribunal warder stein cellmate prosecutor friedrich feldman , court - appoint defense attorney tegel guard tegel prisoner fr. kreutzberg , tegel chaplain the scharfrichter ( executioner ) josef , a young man iii . the tyrant die , and he rule be over ; the martyr die , and he rule begin - kierkegaard the follow be a true story , base on actual event , and on the letter between franz jagerstatter and he wife , franziska . iv . fade in : pre -credit sequence - tiananmen square ( beijing , 1989 ) 1 a man in a white shirt , hold a grocery sack , stand in front of a line of tank , block they progress toward tiananman Square . * newsreel footage from the 1930s ( b&w ) — overture crowd wait for Hitler to appear . at last he car approach . a roar go up . they worship he . hundred of thousand . tear of adoration sting they eye . they stretch they hand out towards he . * the fiihrer smile , he confidence unbounded . ext . ST . radegund , upper austria ( 1940 ) - in sudden silence 2 a single man , rake hay : franz jagerstatter , 36 year old . in the distance the steeple of a church and the village where he life . a few dozen house , the mountain rise up beyond = * they . * St. radegund be a small , peaceful village of 500 soul . at its center stand a small square ; on one side a gasthaus , or inn ; on the other , the rectory . a river flow nearby . the salzach . cow graze in the sun . the clank of they bell , the lazy swish of they tail . * returning home from the field , franz exchange greeting with he neighbor . a burn - in read : '' Austria , 1940 . '' ext . jagerstatter house 3 he join he wife , franziska , 30 . they daughter , 2 and 3 year old , run out of the barn which stand next to the house . a calf , just bear , wobble to its foot . franz call franziska by she nickname , fani . * fani Girls , help you father ! the girl 's name be rosi and maridl . franz pick maridl up and put she on he shoulder , while rosi beg to be take up the same way . a bell ring in the distance . scene of ST . R life - gasthaus 4 franz dance on the terrace of the inn . fani laugh and clap . together they gather plum and apple from the tree in they small orchard . fani yoke up a cow and set she to plow . armed with stone , the child drive crow off the fresh - sow field . fani milk the cow , make soap , churn butter . she negotiate with the local miller to have they wheat ground into flour . Rosalia , franz 's mother , life with the family and join they out in the field . she be a widow . franz 's father die in the first World War . franz mother , stay out of the sun . husband and wife help they neighbor and be help in turn : hay , whitewash they house , digging out a well . they rely on each other , a close - knit community . int . / ext . ST . R church 5 Beyond he work as a farmer , franz serve as a sacristan at the church . he trim the candle , polish the pews , ring the bell . he refuse to accept any payment the parishioner offer he for he role in arrange baptism , wedding and funeral . he watch as a painter refurbish the ceiling with cherub and seraphim in transport of ecstasy . he pinch the dead bloom off the rose that grow over the grave of the churchyard outside . int . J house 6 franz help he mother up a flight of stair . she be a brood woman , wear by trouble and care . newsreel footage ( b&w ) - war in russia 7 War scene from the Eastern Front . german and Russian force plod through the snow , exhaust . tank advance by night . howitzer light up the sky . stalingrad . kursk . int . J house - night 8 franz and fani put the child to bed . the girl cry out with delight as they father make shadow on the ceiling . soon they be asleep , and the house be still . fani this last week you be different . what be it ? talk with I . she remember he in a happy time , riding through the alp on he motorcycle , at a time when he still own one . his smile as she look at he . there have be no threat to they happiness . only a moment , a few week ago , when she hear a faint roar and , look up , barely make out the silhouettes of british plane , bomber , in the sky high above , far away . how could the war touch they kingdom , or disturb they peace , when they be so insignificant in the scheme of thing , so far from Vienna and Berlin . he touch she belly . she be pregnant now . fani ( cont ’d ) we have all we want . all we need . nothing can change we love . we have we child . we home . each other . nothing can take we happiness away . they pass under a wreath they have set above they door . franz yes , my wife . we will always have each other . baby 9 a child be bear . a girl : loisi . her two older sister look on in amazement . franz turn to fani and laugh . they happiness be complete . 10 a . 12 13 14 postman 10 the next day they hear the ring of a little bell . the postman appear on he bicycle with a letter . franz read it . franz I have be call up . ext . orchard - resie , fani 's sister a1 fani be with she sister , resie . fani just for training . a transportation unit . resie be you afraid ? ext . parade ground ( 20 october 1940 ) 12 franz march in step with a group of draftee . franz ( 0.s. ) after six month we will be do with this training . will the war be over ? for now I can only be with you in my thought . it 's hard when I think of you -- when I remember we home . how be we baby ? when I come home , I will be surprised at how big she be ... have you consider use a horse ? I do not think you team of cow would be offended if you put they in retirement . rosalia , franza mother 13 franz 's mother , Rosalia , help fani load a pig into a car . fani be courteous to she mother - in-law , but Rosalia answer with a certain degree of distrust and suspicion , as if she imagine franz have marry beneath he . ext . field , ST . R 14 fani reap a field of fresh grass , with resie and a family of neighbor . fani ( 0.s. ) you mother help I in the field . it 's no good when we have to rely too much on the neighbor , always ask for help , and thanking they . the strohofer have be kind . ( she thanks the neighbor ) the pig almost do not fit in the car . only a boy come for it . it weigh 326 pound . there be a wedding at the church . ( a happy bride outside the church ) I have finish tilling the oat . at the start , I have a hard time with the potato . it bring I to the point of tear . she put hay up in the barn . 15 int . J house - the child 15 fani feed the child and put they to bed . fani ( 0.s. ) rosi be always ask about you . when we be go to bed , she say , '' papa 's lock out ! '' at meal , '' save some for papa . '' if I get up at night , '' be papa home ? '' her sister tell she , '' he will bring sausage ! '' 16 the child 16 the older girl play with loisi , they new sister . franz ( 0.s. ) you know how the child bring I joy . a feel of good fortune come over I here , so that tear flow from my eye , when I think of they , and you , and we reunion . you be do so much . when I come home , there will be no more work for I . i’1l become a babysitter ! she scold the girl when they get into mischief , as often they do . 17 18 ext . J farm a7 fani wash the cow . she churn milk into butter . she gather a wagonload of straw . she lay the hay out in windrow to dry . fani ( 0.s. ) I have to scold the girl . they argue terribly . they be always demand my attention . maridl hit rosi , who say '' you be bad . '' then maridl say , '' I be good , '' and rosi say , '' I be good , you be bad . '' maridl pull a leg off of rosi 's doll and say , '' now the other one come off , too ! '' rosi want to go to the doctor to get the leg put back on . ( a man in a dark forest ) when sterz be do with he work he go into the forest and weep . Toni strohofer be always hungry . ( a hungry man , steal beet ) I could use you help wash the cow . they be always pleasant in the morning when they eat the leave of the beet . mathilde do not wash they before she milk they , so I wash they myself . mathilde ; a lonely girl , knitting as she tend the sheep . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I sell a few pound of cabbage 3 pfennig a pound . frau Huber buy 44 , fani notice a man walk by , look at resie . fani ( cont ’d ) he 's interested in you . look ! resie I do not trust man . ext . kaserne - courtyard 18 franz , with other soldier from he unit . he see how they defer to the Nazi captain , who lord it over they , puffed up with a sense of he importance . they watch newsreel of Nazi victory in the West , show on a bedsheet strung from a clothesline . franz ( 0.s much beloved wife ! I be grateful for every word you send . hopefully , winter will not come too soon . the farmer have they beet still in the field . be you glad we do not have beet ? franz listen as he comrade roar with delight at the misfortune of they neighbor . bewildere french peasant gaze at they german conqueror , ask they for food or fuel . 19 ext . J farm 19 the child be older now . loisi have learn to crawl . franz 's mother hold she in lead string . fani ( 0.s. ) loisi be a little pest . she always want to be hold . rosi want to take you picture to bed with she tonight . you be suppose to sleep beside she . I tell she that when father come home , he will . she answer that father be already home . they give you photo so many kiss . rosi recognize you , but maridl simply say , '' man . '' this morning , I be pick up the piglet . szailer be there . the calf be now five week old . we work hard this past week , spread the manure . Toni stott be give 4 month in prison because he speak out . he open he mouth too wide . you will not do the same . that who speak out lose they leave . 20 ext . road - moving motorcycle 20 franz speed down a road on he motorcycle in a military overcoat . franz ( 0.s. ) dearly beloved wife ! I be delighted to hear from you . 21 22 franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hopefully the straw will not run out too early in the spring . you must use it sparingly . have you grease the scythes and hang they up ? warm greeting from you loving husband , franz . many warm greeting to mother , too , and to the little one . see you again franz watch a officer swagger and shout . a cadet , pass by , give he a Hitler salute . franz look away , pretend not to see . ext . J farm 21 fani and franz 's mother whitewash the house . fani ( 0.s. ) besenbock will be call away . we must send he a goose . ( the girl scuffle ) loisi be a dear sparrow . always try new thing . she do not go far yet . at most a step . she flutter about and fall . then she be up again . she keep you mother busy . she want to be in every scuffle , though she always get the worst of it . I feel badly for she , and I can not help she . her sister be always the same rascal . tomorrow I x11 do the cultivate . hopefully , 1/11 hit no hard spot . I have a fear of such place . fani work in the field , spread manure with a pitchfork . fani grease the scythes and hang they up in the barn . ext . lake ( south tyrol ) 22 while on maneuver , franz meet a fellow soldier a few year young than himself . his name be rogowski . there be no pretense about this man . he be kind , generous , honest , and endlessly optimistic . he life in the moment forgetful of the past , with no think to the future . rogowski 's face wear the innocent expression of a child , and like a child everything he say or do be spontaneous and genuine . 23 24 25 franz wonder how he life as he do . franz 's unit be bivouack by a lake . after early morning calisthenics , they learn they weapon . franz plunge he bayonet into a straw dummy . franz ( 0.s. ) it need not be that everything in this world come about as we want for ourselves . we do not see the future . it may be a good thing that we do not . let 's resolve to begin the new year in confidence and good cheer . I have a few orange for you . speak with schirk . they have the best oat . whether we oat be also among the best be a good question . concern the butcher of the swine , do not wait for I . fani and franz 's mother prepare a sow for butcher . ext . kaserne 23 a sergeant take franz aside . sergeant lucky man ! you have be let go from military service -- to manage you farm ! France have surrender . we will have peace now . ext . ST . R square 24 franz return to radegund . Home ! he greet he neighbor as he pass through the main square on the way back to he farm . ext . J farm 25 fani and the child rush out to greet he . franz you see ? we just have to pray . they celebrate . franz dance for the child . in the window a light burn past dusk . 26 27 28 10 . ext . village square 26 a few day later , franz come across a neighbor in the village square , a farmer name hessler . his friend be consol he . there have be some unexpected event . franz hessler , what be it ? hessler I have be call up . we think there would be peace , but this war go on . I do not know why . his friend look at each other . they eye dart leave and right . friend shhh . they pat he on the back . it could happen to anyone . ext . field - later , alone 27 franz question he friend . now they be alone . franz do you believe in what we be fight for ? hessler a little . no. not really . franz we have invade other country . stolen they land . and now we be do it again . be not they the heroes , who fight against we —- who defend they home ? ( no reply ) be something right -- just because the crowd be shouting it ? hessler bow he head . ext . wood 28 pass through the wood , franz see a madman in the distance . dishevel , he hair and beard grow out ; a mad look in he eye , of fear or dread . it seem the poor fellow have not expect anyone to pass this way . he look at franz for a moment , then slip off , into the darkness of the tree . 29 30 31 11 . int . J house 29 fani can see that franz be hold something back . fani what be it ? ( after a pause ) Toni open he mouth too wide . franz I would not do anything that would bring you reproach ... he look in on he child . he kiss they as they sleep . fani ( 0.s. ) to have a good husband -- a home -- they be enough to make you happy ... to love and be love be the great happiness on earth . int . J bedroom - night 30 franz wake up with a gasp . he light a candle . fani look at he , startle . franz I have a dream . I see my father . I ask he what it be like in death . could he tell I ? he shook he head ... then I see a train -- a wonderful train -- come through the mountain . the locomotive be powerful -- dark — — it draw the child . they run to it and be not hold back . you could not see where it be go — — just the tree and field , flash by . ext . train ( stock footage , b&w ) - dream 31 a train . a black locomotive . coal be shovel into the furnace . the track weave in and out . piston drive the engine forward : a overwhelming , relentless force . franz ( 0.s. ) then a voice -- the voice say '' this train be go into darkness ! '' I think it be a message . 32 33 34 12 . franz on he motorcycle , the wind in he hair , the lovely sense of be free of all constraint , rush on next morning the next morning , at breakfast : franz that other man be like brother . ext . eckinger hof - day the neighbor debate with franz . neighbor who be you ? even the cardinal order we to pray for Hitler -- to ring the bell on he birthday . fly the swastika from the steeple . you forget . eckinger you can not blame the cardinal for that . he hope , by do it , that the regime would be more tolerant toward the church . but now the priest be send to concentration camp . Church procession ban . mass on feast day , even Christmas , prohibit unless the feast fall on Sunday ! we do not have a say . it 's they up the hill that decide we fate . 32 3300 official from a fortress near St. radegund wander through the street , sing . ext . fortress ( burg sand ) 34 the fortress , far away . seat of the military authority , it sit on a high hill , overlook the valley below . it stand alone in the dusk . eckinger ( 0.s. ) what do you say , franz ? 35 36 37 13. ext . field - wiesenkreuz 35 franz wander through the field , disturb by the sense that a decision may soon be require of he , one that will put the happiness of he family at risk and set he at odd with the village , which he have love since he be a boy . out in the field , a crucifix stand on a pole , a gable roof above it to shelter it from the snow . uncanny . it stop he in he track . the figure on the crucifix look down at he in silence . franz turn away , embarrassed . the path wander on through the field of barley . but he can not leave . he look up again , take off he hat . there be no one else in sight . the field thrum with cricket . franz take off he hat , afraid . there be monument to pain everywhere in this mountain . so incongruous . what be it he now find in that face ? franz can tell no one . especially not that close to he . he can not tell he wife . ext . ST . R church 36 one afternoon , franz be clean up the church when he come upon a painter , a stranger to this part . ohlendorff , a painter I be here to touch up the ceiling . franz watch the stranger mix he paint . above they , on the ceiling , spread a pleasant view of the heaven . inc Pov on the ceiling 37 ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) they look up and imagine that if they would live back in he time , they would not have do what the other do . they would have stand by he . they would not have run . his friend do , though . they would , too . as the painter be talk , scene from franz 's life flash through he mind : 38 39 40 al 42 14 . flashback montage - ext . field 38 franz sow a newly - ploughed field . ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) and I -- do I imitate he ? no , I live off he life . I make a live by present he . flashback montage - ext . field 39 franz work with he neighbor , remember how they help each other here , neighbor depend on each other , like a family , and draw closer to each other because of it . what else be there in life but get closer to each other ? ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) other will look at this picture , and think that sympathize with he -- be move by he story -- will benefit they in the beyond . flashback montage - ext . field 40 franz cut wheat with a scythe , stop from time to time to sharpen it with a whetstone he carry on he waist . ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) they 's 11 count themselves lucky that they do not live in time like ours , when you life might be demand of you . flashback montage - ext . field 41 franz threshes the wheat by hand . ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) instead of suffer for the truth , I paint it . flashback montage - ext . barn 42 the girl leap down from the hay loft onto the fresh straw . ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) I turn the suffer of the brave into my livelihood . so people can look up from this pews and dream ! 43 44 45 46 47 4g 49 15 . flashback montage - J house 43 fani pull a loaf of bread out of the oven . flashback montage - chicken coop 44 a hen shelter she chick . flashback montage - int . bell tower 45 franz crank up the counterweight for the clock in the bell tower . ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) I paint this comfortable man . a halo over he head . some day I x11 paint the true one . ext . field 46 franz ring the bell . its sound roll out through the field . flashback montage - ext . ST . R church 47 franz look on a procession . the man carry banner and statue . a statue sit on a platform , set aside , ignore , but seemingly look on , with what emotion he cannot tell . ext . graveyard - rain 48 franz remember a man bent over a fresh grave by the church , weep in the drive rain , spread a umbrella to keep the water from soaking down into the freshly - turn sod . ext . field 49 fani in the field , bent under a load of hay . she go quietly about she task . franz come forward and kiss she . she wonder what have move he to , out here in the open , just now . franz can I do anything for you ? she shake she head . 50 51 16 . he see he mother , she arm harden by a life of ceaseless labor , like the limb of a old tree that have pass through many a storm . he play with the elder two girl , whom he have put up into a tree to pick apple . they look down at he from the branch and laugh . they little sister hug he knee , clamoring to be pick up . franz take fani 's hand . franz ( cont 'd ) I have always feel I do not have much to give you . but you take I . even though T be a plain man . fani I take the best man I have ever know . how could he have love anyone who come short of that mark ? franz maybe other think you could have do better . fani we child have a good father . rural scene - cattle truck , plow , horse , etc 50 image flash through franz 's mind . a plow break through the earth . oxen . patient , resign , as he water they . a gaggle of geese . none stray far from the other . take up a jug of water he have leave to cool in a shock of wheat , some bumblebe fly out . he laugh as he retreat , swatting they away . hot metal hammer out at a blacksmith 's forge . dusk . cattle in the back of a truck , on they way to the slaughterhouse . they stir and stamp , uneasily . int . poor woman 's cottage 51 franz clean the cottage of a poor old woman , a invalid . he prepare a meal for she and cheer she with he conversation . someone rarely visit by other . 52 53 54 55 17 . ext . gasthaus 52 franz sit alone at the end of the day , drink a beer . his neighbor be gather nearby . the mayor . the blacksmith and farrier . the policeman . the clerk . they sing old song . franz do not join in . spring festival 53 radegund celebrate the fasch festival . the people gather in a procession to drive out winter and prepare for the return of spring . they wear carve wooden mask , with crown of flower on they head . they ring cowbell and dance . why would he set himself at odd with that whom he have grow up to cherish -- to whom he owe every consideration ? ext . path 54 franz pass a neighbor on he way home through the field . neighbor Heil Hitler ! franz ignore he . the neighbor frown , wait for a explanation . franz pfui Hitler ! the neighbor look around to see if anyone have hear , then go silently on he way . franz tremble all over ; he heart be in he throat . ext . ST . R church 55 franz be tidy up around the church when he see fr. fiirthauer , the young pastor of the parish . he have take the place of another priest , fr. josef karobath , who , a few year earlier , be jaile for give a anti-Nazi sermon , and subsequently banish from the district . fr. fiirthauer have good reason to be careful about what he say to this troubled young man come to he for guidance . 18 . 56 int . ST . R church 56 franz finish ringing the bell . no one have come to mass today . they be alone . franz Father -- I be troubled -- if I be call up , I can not serve . we be kill innocent people . raiding other country . prey on the weak . and the priest call they heroes , even saint —- the soldier that do this . fr . furthauer have you speak with anyone else ? you wife ? you family ? ( franz shake he head ) do not you think you ought to consider the consequence of you action -- for they ? fiirthauer be wary of franz , who might after all be a gestapo agent , try to see if he can extract some incautious word from the priest . fr . furthauer ( cont 'd ) you would almost surely be shot . franz yes . fr . furthauer you sacrifice would benefit no one . franz you might be right . more I fear that I might do -- fr . furthauer wrong ? which be the great wrong ? franz speak freely , Father . fr . furthauer I have often wish that I might act on all I believe . but I have to think whom I might harm -- why do you look at I that way ? you would be take you own life . 57 58 59 19 . franz if it be that —- fr . furthauer I will speak with the Bishop about you case . a wiser man than I . ext . STREET 57 the priest take franz aside . fr . furthauer no Catholic who refuse military service will get any support from he spiritual leader . you know that , do not you ? can you blame they ? for all they know you might be a gestapo agent come to trap they with you question -- to lead they into a act of treason : to bring the wrath of the State down on we Church . they would arrest any confessor who show the slight sign of sympathy for such inclination . franz search he eye . be the priest really in sympathy with he and just can not say so openly ? fr . furthauer ( cont 'd ) what can one do ? ext . village square 58 now , as franz pass through the village , it seem to he that he neighbor might not all be as happy , or as close , as he once imagine . that man in the wood . the cry of a lunatic woman he hear one evening across a field from a distant , darken house . swift chase each other through the street . the sky be full of they cry . ext . cousin 's farmhouse 59 franz debate with he cousin whether he should refuse military service or not . he still have not tell fani about he qualm . 60 61 62 63 64 20 . his cousin warn he not to speak about the matter with other in the village . there be jealous , angry people . a few . they might report he . int . J house 60 franz have tell she . she pretend this be a question they need not face . fani ( after a silence ) they will not call you up . they need farmer . how else be people go to eat ? int . girl 's bedroom 61 they look at the girl asleep in they bed . fani ( 0.s . ) ask , and you will be answer . int . master bedroom 62 later , fani prepare they bed and lay out he clothes . it seem that she be make every effort to be kind and thoughtful , as though it be suddenly clear to she how precious she husband be to she , though she devotion to he have be more than apparent already . the postman 63 the postman ride by on he bicycle , ring he bell and wave . franz and fani wait in fear and suspense every time he appear . he might deliver the same induction notice to franz that he neighbor hessler receive . int . barn 64 mother and son muck out the stall . franz what be it , mother ? rosalia will you not spare you family ? do you hate you wife ? you child ? 65 66 21. franz no . rosalia do I bring you into the world for this ? franz who 's be talk with you ? rosalia how would she maintain the farm ? with three young child . how would she plow ? ext . orchard 65 franz and fani weed the orchard . franz I go up to the mountain . they tell I what to do . the river do . ext . alp 66 franz have come up to the high mountain on he motorcycle . there be a sudden silence when he shut the engine off . High above stand the inaccessible peak . the eternal snow and rock . below , the peaceful sound of a river , flow nearby . a distant cowbell . the bluebell and vetch . clover. fireweed . negligence ; vacancy . peace . why not always ? 0 , for the wing of a dove ! to fly far from trouble and grief ! to he wife franz present a face of confidence and strength , but inwardly he be assaile with torment , doubt and fear . from time to time we hear he inwardly express that feeling or recalling he past , to strengthen himself against they . franz 0.s. ( interior voice ) my wife ! you seem like someone come from heaven . humble . kind . through you eye you send a sweetness into my heart . 67 68 69 70 22. franz 0.s. ( interior voice ) ( cont 'd ) you make I feel I have no enemy in all the world . ext . barn - resie 67 fani 's sister take franz aside . resie you take fani 's happiness into you hand . she might have have other man . not many besides you would think it a duty to add to they trouble this way . a image of the onrush train pass through franz 's mind . int . linz cathedral 68 franz and fani have come to linz to meet with the Bishop . they look up in awe as they enter the cathedral . the organist be practise a hymn . int . waiting room 69 franz pace back and forth . Bishop fliessen have keep they wait for more than a hour . clerk the Bishop will be with you shortly . int . bishop' consulting room 70 franz bow to the Bishop , who hold out he hand and , after some pleasantry , move quickly to business . bishop you have a responsibility -- to that within you private circle . you family ! have you have a personal revelation from above ? be you conscience tell to ignore the instruction of that responsible for you spiritual guidance ? franz I be not sure . 23 . bishop not sure ? I have a responsibility for the soul of you parish . it weigh heavily on I . I would not be able to sleep be I either to keep silent -- or to speak out at the wrong time . each of we must fulfill he duty -- willingly , loyally -- devote himself wholly to the service of he fatherland ... you know the word of the Apostle : let every man be subject to the power place over he , franz and if we leader be -- a monster — - what do one do ? bishop we home 's at stake . we people be a man . be strong ... we leader know war 's horror . he himself be a soldier at the front . he try to spare Europe from this conflict . but there be no avoid it . we enemy would make we slave . oa int . waiting room 71 fani pace back and forth . when franz come out of the consulting room , he look sad , or fearful franz ( in a whisper ) I think he be afraid -- that I might be a spy . he say we have to obey . but that be in other time . when there be clergy who could be obey -- they do not dare commit themselves . or it could be they turn next . ( later ) they be flesh and blood , as we be . they can be weak . maybe they be even more tempt . 72 73 74 15 76 24 . ext . cloister 12 franz see a group of monk tend a garden , smile and chat amiably . it seem they have no trouble with they conscience . they live unperturb by the world . fani wrap she arm around he -- determine to support he , not to insist on herself , but they do have three girl . perhaps he will be exempt if ever he be call to military service , or assign to a hospital job . perhaps he would accept such a position . perhaps he will not be call at all . hitler ( newsreel ) 73 image of Hitler , he face half - see . fani ( 0.s . ) what difference will it make ? he will go on do as he please . ext . path through wood 14 they walk home in silence , franz 's heart full to burst . franz ( 0.s. ) you do not make the world the way it be . ext . J house 15 the girl run out to greet they . Rosalia look on . ext . field 16 they be work in the field when franz 's mother turn to he . rosalia good child obey . they mother and father only want what 's good for they . they know it . if they work hard , they can buy a house with a garden —- live happily to the end of they day . ( after a pause ) a man bring he wage home to he wife . 1 78 25 . rosalia ( cont 'd ) she put they away , so that if ever they get sick , they can be nurse at home and will not need charity -- to raise they child or live into old age . people get what they deserve . bad workmen come to bad end . fani glance up -- see a sow 's carcass , hang from a pole outside the barn . ext . field 7 franz tremble inwardly . what do he honor require of he ? it seem that no one can tell he the answer . he alone must decide . never have he feel so alone -- he who have always be so close to he family , he neighbor . ext . gasthaus , Beer garden 78 franz sit in the beer garden , surround by friend , include the Mayor and the policeman . policeman he get we into this war . the young man be go —- mayor kraus he do what he have to . he be not content to watch he nation go under . he see what we would become . no destiny . everyone chase after comfort , success . no ideal . blacksmith spitz .+. break into home ! tearing the earring off woman 's ear . my mother 's old . I hope she die soon . mayor kraus people see that a fraud have be perpetrate against we . we find out that liberalism be a sham . democracy . a mask for the commercial spirit . if we do not lift the youth out of this swamp , they 's 1l drow in it . the Mayor be a member of the Nazi party . franz have look up to he since he be a child . no one dare to contradict he . 79 80 81 82 26 . mayor kraus ( cont 'd ) let 's be glad democracy have die . see where it lead we ! to deadlock . paralysis . slave of the rich ! it have no strength to stop the crisis . Hitler be a new era . a new truth . ( turn to franz ) you father would have stand here and tell you the same . he be in the war . he fight ! what do he die for ? in the trenches ! the mu ext . bonfire - night 79 the Mayor address a gather of man in sa uniform . mayor kraus flame , teach we ! Light we ! show we the road ! there 's no way back ! flame , ignite ! heart , burn ! the fon 80 the féhn blow over the field -- a dry , burn wind , that melt the snow and clear the sky . avalanch be loose . the risk of fire be great . everyone be on the alert , in a state of nervous expectation . eckinger the snow look clear . we might be able to send the flock up early . montage 81 franz debate what he should do . omens of death flash through he mind ; a open door , a curtain beyond which he cannot see , a scythe cut through the hay , the salzach 's far shore . evil take on so many disguise . his conscience be restless . he vacillate . no one can give he any advice in this circumstance , even he own bishop . all that be familiar to he now seem far away . ext . J house 82 Men in Nazi uniform have come by the house to seek he family 's contribution to a collection they be make on behalf of the war effort . 83 84 27 . franz look at they , say nothing . the man go away ; astonished . this will set tongue wag . int . J house 83 franz hear a knock on the door . he open to find the Mayor stand before he . mayor kraus you have refuse to contribute to we collection on behalf of the veteran ! they family ! this have clearly fan the flame of suspicion in the community . mayor kraus ( cont 'd ) that be not like you . ( after a pause ) I also hear that you have refuse to accept the family allowance , and other subsidy , that the State would generously have provide you . why ? be you afraid to fight ? you father . a brave * man . you never know he . you be just a boy . I know what he would * expect of you . fani listen from the next room , alarmed . ext . field 84 franz hold he hand out to the youngest girl . she teeter towards he . it have not be long since she take she first step . from up in a tree , the older two girl drop apple down to they mother . she catch they in she apron . franz walk by the salzach . the river flow peacefully along , whisper , murmure -- what ? what do it tell he ? he wish for some oracle ; clear voice . * he bow he head in the field with he wife as the angelus ring in the tittmon church , to the west . * they dig up potato , tiny figure in the vast landscape . fani sing as she work . peasant face . bake by the sun . * 28 . they heart cringe at the sign of the postman , who ring he bell as he ride by and give they a friendly wave . they be not comfortable until he be go . the thud of cattle 's hoof ring through the wall of the barn . it stand next to the house where they sleep , so they can profit from the animal 's warmth a scarecrow . geese . the sound of a rooster . Light struggle through the slat of the barn door franz dig a grave . the churchyard be silent , except for the sound of he shovel . empty , silent , still . where do he duty lie ? franz dig out a well . fani 's voice be indistinct as , in the light thirty foot above , she speak with a neighbor . he look up toward the blank , featureless sky . what would it be like to be away from she , forever bury in the earth this way ? Water gather at he foot . fani franz -- you know how proud you be ! how stubborn ! make sure it be not -- that . the truth be , he can not be sure if he defiance be inspire by conscience , or instead by pride . she touch a nerve . be it a sign that you be right with you conscience that everything go smoothly for you ? the tick of a clock . a train whistle , far away . franz tremble under the burden of he decision . fani ( cont ’d ) be you take on too much ? what can we do ? the world be stronger . fani look away . surely it will not come to a crisis . she believe if they be good , everything will come out right . this be what she tell the child at bedtime . fani ( cont ’d ) quiet now ! do not fight ! sleep ! ( whisper to the eldest ) every day 's not Sunday . every day you will not have sunshine . but every day you be dear to we . franz listen , from the next room . 85 86 87 29 . int . / ext . barn , hay rick 85 fani and she sister weave hay into a drying rack . later , they ride they bicycle home . resie do anyone else know ? just the priest ? his mother look at I coldly . like I be to blame . 1 want what you want . I can not bear that he make you suffer . he make a choice for you , too . fani yes . resie do he know what he 's do to you ? tell he ! pride ! that 's what it be . fani no , I do not think so . resie why do not you resist -- fight with he ? you do nothing to stand in he way . he do what he like -- with you happiness . fani I trust he . resie be he just stubborn ? franza Pov on resie 86 resie do not speak to franz as they pass each other by . franz be leave to guess why . he risk cut himself not only from he community , but from he family as well . ext . oberstaller alm 87 franz walk though the alm , the high summer pasture where the farmer bring they cattle up to graze . he enter a desert village . he look around , puzzle . where have the other go ? there be no one else in sight . 88 89 90 30 . ext . field 88 franz talk with he neighbor spitz , the blacksmith , as he pound a blade out on a anvil . * franz if you do not think well of I , never mind . that 's neither here nor there . blacksmith spitz do not make thing worse for yourself . the horse may have a heavy load , but it will not help he to throw it over into a ditch when it 's he own feed ... * till now it have not occur to franz that any of he neighbor would consider such a thing . blacksmith spitz ( cont 'd ) do not sail into the wind . wait for the storm to subside . then you can do you good . you wife will be destitute -- you mother will have no fire in the winter . * franz we be go to pay for this crime . blacksmith spitz you will not forget the evening we play together in the field . till the dark come down . you love * we all ! we be friend together . * take a friend 's advice . leave well * alone . you come too late . there 's nothing we can do . ( see franz unmove ) well , then I leave you to you fate . let 's not quarrel . I only * tell you what you already know . fani be Pov on the child 89 the sight of they child play with a duck fill they mother with dread . ext . churchyard 90 franz have come to visit fiirthauer , the priest . 31 . fr . furthauer do not say it . ( after a pause ) do a man have the right to let himself be put to death for the truth ? we can not all be martyr — could it possibly please God ? - a act that would destroy you family 's happiness ? ( franz look away ) I know you be closer to my predecessor . perhaps you have more faith in -- he judgement . franz ah , fr. karobath ! he smoke . he like wine . he like to hunt , but he never come back with anything . he be a bad shot . we tease he . gradually , the voice of the priest become that of the painter who be restore the ceiling of the church . ohlendorff ( 0.s. ) the trouble with Christians be that no one want to kill they anymore . there be a time when you would be afraid to say you follow he , because it mean so much . now it mean nothing . ext . road 91 franz see how the neighbor treat fani coldly . radegund have turn against they . they home ! that whom they love ! int . J house - night 92 fani can tell there be something on she husband 's mind . she dread what it might be . she avoid speak with he about it , as though by say nothing he might in time forget this new whim and come to he sense . franz tell I . fani be the child asleep ? 93 franz do they say anything to you ? I see they speak to you by the road . fani they say they husband have go off . to war . why should they fight to save we ? franz do they hurt you ? with they word ? fani I do not care . franz be you cry ? fani I never cry . it give I a headache . franz I love you . fani I know . franz blow out the candle . ext . mill 93 franz have bring a load of oat to trakl , the miller . they step outside by the water wheel as the grain be separate from the chaff . trakl if we could just see the beginning of he kingdom . if we could see only the sun of he kingdom rise . but -- Christ come and go . nothing happen . year go by , so many year . and nothing . nothing ever ! ( over the thud of the wheel ) so hard to make the good grow up . one spark be all that 's need to set the field on fire . a single match . 94 95 96 33. trakl ( cont 'd ) it take month to lay it out -- to plough , to plant it -- more work to make a crop , and then the sword take one minute . we be the party of the plough . they be the party of the sword . we will always be beat . never have the kingdom of perdition spread so far . a flood ! we have to learn how to live in this flood . ext . field - fani with her sister - FIRE 94 fani and resie walk down the furrow , each with a sickle , cut the bad weed out of the wheat . fani he will get a exemption . I know it . they need farmer . they gather the bad weed in bundle and burn they . the grain they bring into the barn . ext . J house ( 2.22.43 ) 95 the postman ring . fani and franz look up with a start . they go out to meet he . he hand they a letter in a official envelope , look away as he do . franz rock , like a tree in the wind . they go away from the child , out to the field in back of the house , beneath the apple tree . there he open the envelope . it be what they think . fani you could hide in the wood ! I could bring you food ! we could run away , to the mountain , where nobody could find we . to Switzerland . franz the border be close . ext . village square 96 other have hear of he refusal . 34 . mayor kraus you know what this mean . not only for you family . for the whole town ! you will be hang . you wife and child will have no one to support they . you mother will die unconsol . 97 franz' mother 97 his mother look at he in disbelief . rosalia be this how you repay we ? her will be set against he . rosalia ( cont 'd ) you have throw away everything you have and go down a step in life — — when you father give you the mean of rise . franz we differ , mother . I be sorry . but I be grateful to you for wishing I the best . rosalia I have no more to say . I only hope you own child make you a better return for the pain you have spend on they . none of we can imagine how you could get into such a position when you be so law - abide . it 's a riddle . I be a old woman , and the additional work will be considerable . how could I ever have imagine that , in the evening of my life , thing would turn out this way ? have not we have trouble enough already ? without invent more ? franz forgive I . rosalia let 's say no more . his spirit rise a little at she certainty that she be in the right and wish she to lecture he . 35 . franz I know it seem to you I be do the worst to people I wish the best for . but they have not give up on I . I do not see why you should . rosalia Young people be blind to everything but they own wish . they seldom imagine how much that wish cost other . you have throw yourself away -- make they sacrifice vain . let we say no more . a image flash through franz 's mind of the train he dream of -- its power , its onrush force -- carry they all to they ruin . franz mother , you life have be hard enough . I would never do anything to bring you needless -- pain . rosalia trust I enough to know the reason . why people who have be loyal to you should not expect loyalty in return ? franz you teach I : be brave , be true . rosalia not just to yourself . can you imagine how they be treat -- you wife , you child ? fani and franz 98 fani draw franz 's arm around she waist . be they not one ? ext . village square 99 the local policeman , he friend , approach franz on find he alone . policeman I have know you since you be a boy . spare I the pain of arrest you . 100 101 102 36 . franz seem to nod . the policeman never imagine he might find himself in this position . the war have come home to St. radegund , though many a neighbor have already be call to service and half a dozen have die . franz , alone 100 the man who have not give himself to the truth completely have not really give himself -- be that so ? franz 0.s. ( interior voice ) mother , how I love you ! you strength . unbroken ... by sorrow , grief ... how I wish that I could lift it from you shoulder . franz with the child 101 franz play with the child . rosi hold I up -- I can touch the ceiling ! he do this . she boast to she young sister that she have do something they could never achieve . they quarrel , till fani separate they . husband and wife look at each other . fani come , girl . you father 's go away . on -- a journey . girl where ? how long ? franz I do not know . not very long . girl will you bring we something ? franz yes . new angle 102 he look around the house , fearful it might be for the last time . resie have come to take care of the child . 103 104 105 106 107 108 37 . franz we will go quickly . ext . square 103 franz and fani walk through the village . they exchange courteous greeting with they neighbor , who assume that franz have put aside he rumor qualm and that he be now go off , like other before he , to assume he duty to the fatherland . franz ( to fani , in a whisper ) I have not say anything . there would be quarrel . ext . wood 104 franz and fani walk in silence through the wood . ext . salzach 105 they cross over the river . fani be you afraid ? franz be you ? ext . train station 106 they embrace each other , well out of the sight of other . the sound of a approach train fill they with dread . ext . platform 107 the train be go . fani wander the platform ; lose , alone . ext . J house 108 fani and resie yoke up the cow . they note they neighbor in the distance . resie they think he go off because he decide to serve . that he be with the troops . 109 110 ql 38 . resie ( cont 'd ) ( after a pause ) I hate man . policeman - new angle 109 the policeman bow to fani . policeman thank you . I do not know how I would have do it . neighbor tell she how glad they be that franz have change he mind . she do nothing to undeceive they . nor do she tell the child . she look up sharply at a knock on the door . ext . enns barracks ( induction CENTER ) 110 franz approach the barrack in enn , a city not far from radegund . a line of conscript snake out the front door -- older man along with teenager . int . enns barracks , reception area qi franz 's heart pound in he ear . he approach a young captain sit at a desk at the front of the line . captain herder name ? franz jagerstatter captain herder from -~ franz St. radegund . Upper donau . captain herder Age ? franz 36 . captain herder Children ? ( franz nod ) name . 39 . franz Rosalia . Maria ... aloisia . 112 new angle 112 the man have line up to take they oath to Hitler . franz gather he courage , say nothing as the other speak . captain herder you . I do not hear you . step out of the line . you will not take the oath ? you refuse ? franz nod . the Captain look at he ; -- puzzle , not angry ; almost embarrassed . captain herder ( cont 'd ) do you understand what you be do ? he motion to a pair of soldier to take franz away . 113 int . corridor 113 franz be lead down a row of cell . the prisoner look at he , curious about the nature of he crime . 114 int . cell 114 franz be put in a cell with four other prisoner , frenchmen from the lorraine : andro , levan , Max and ermin . cellmate max we would not take the oath . they give we 10 year hard labor . they be take with franz 's smile . he will find he honest , quiet , helpful -- ready to give they he last piece of bread from the meal they take in they cell , and satisfy himself with a little black coffee . 11 ext . prison courtyard ( linz / enns ) 11 the prisoner be allow a morning walk . ten time around the yard . prisoner you love you country ? ( franz nod ) why will not you serve ? 116 117 40 . franz this war be senseless . cruel . doom . prisoner other do . franz I know . prisoner you will be execute . franz better than do other 's evil . and die anyway . montage ( linz / enns prison ) 116 the routine of the prison . rise at 6 , breakfast at 7 , clean the cell , a few gymnastics . whisper conversation . tapping at the wall . Notes pass behind the back of the guard . franz ( 0.s. ) dearest wife ! warmest greeting from my new residence . I have 24 hour in this place behind I . I will be here for the duration of my interrogation . so far it have not be bad . there be five of we in this cell . so many foreigner ! the food be not bad . there be no need for you to be concerned about my physical well - be . when we submit ourselves to God 's will , everything turn out for the good . May thing come about as he want . if only they go well for you ! franz sit with he eye close . the guard taunt he , as do a number of he fellow prisoner . ( improvise ) ext . ST . R field - fani alone 117 fani shear the sheep . no one from the village come forward to help she . she see they in the distance , nod . they look away . at first they assume that franz have give up he scruples , go off to answer he induction notice and serve with the troops . it must be that they begin to learn the truth . 118 41 . fani cut the hay and rake it out in aromatic row . Little rosi help she mother drag a harrow through a uncultivate field . they bend they back like beast of burden . int . interrogation room ( linz / enns ) ue * franz be lead into a meeting room with a hundred chair and a long table . he marvel at this world unlike any he have ever know , captain herder * ( to the guard ) you may leave we alone . he stride back and forth . he never look directly at franz . captain herder ( cont 'd ) * the company commander be not here . what good do you imagine you defiance be do anyone ? ( no reply ) do you expect to change the course of thing ? do you think the authority be aware of you ? that you protest will come to they attention ? that anyone will know of it ? ever hear you ? do you think it will influence some decision ? no one know what go on here . behind this wall . what purpose do it serve ? his voice be calm and measure . there be no shouting ; no abuse . franz be surprised , a little pleased captain herder ( cont 'd ) * be you alone wise ? do you know something I do not ? tell I what that be . ( no reply ) do you think it matter to God ? do you think you matter to he ? then * why be you here ? he look out the window , wait for franz to speak . captain herder ( cont ’d ) * you God do nothing . would I * pray to a spider ? poor man . no individual bear a responsibility for all this . that responsibility * belong to one man . he stand alone . 42 . franz I will not follow he evil order ... do it make no difference whether this war be just or unjust ? captain herder * have heaven tell you this ? what * do you priest say ? you bishop ? franz must be careful not to compromise they . franz we can not simply ask what we bishop would do . we have to ask what we conscience say to this . it 's hard to find the right path now , when the signpost have be blow around by the wind . we * spiritual leader -- be silent . * captain herder * they might have they reason . I * tell you this as someone who be kindly dispose toward you . do you judge I ? franz I can not look into another man 's heart . I judge no one . 119 ext . courtyard 11g franz be lead back to he cell . the guard be bored . there be no gestapo here , no ss . this be a provincial jail , and the matter be a small one in the great scheme of thing . franz 0.s. ( interior voice ) I wait ... no one else seem troubled in the same way . it seem they know something that I * do not . 120 int . cell 120 franz talk with a cellmate , Carlo . carlo a good war . for they to make money on . I have see lot of thing since I was_a boy . it only get worse . they leave the poor man behind . this be the big folk 's world . 43 . carlo ( cont 'd ) when the ship go down , it 's the boy in the engine room who go first . franz what do you do before you get there ? carlo a robber age . the law be : rob or be rob . franz do you have a family ? Carlo shake he head . he have no way of learn the uncertainty franz feel . franz be alone , in many way . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) my wife . my child . lead I . tell I what I should do . carlo I see no use for the church . it 's leave the stage . each man have to find he way alone . franz , how have you ? carlo if I have , I would not be here . but it make I sick to see man get down on they knee . the church be a whorehouse . the whole idea of it =- loathsome , low . as if man get down in the mud to worship . they never get down on they real knee . myself , I bow to nothing . the image of the train , which have haunt franz from the beginning , pass quickly before he mind 's eye . the engineer shovel coal into the firebox . the piston , the interweave track . carlo ( cont ’d ) how can you cast you care on he - = or make he you hope ? look what happen to he ! the same will happen to you 121 122 123 44 . int . prison ( linz / enns ) - series of angle 121 franz go about he daily routine . the prisoner be round up for a walk in the courtyard . they empty out they slop bucket , be give bread and bean , and a wooden spoon to eat they with . franz ( 0.s. ) ( from a letter ) dearest wife , I be once again grateful for all of the love and faithfulness and sacrifice that you have show I and the whole family -- and that you be continue to show I . it will also be a difficult sacrifice not to have someone with whom you can be angry and perhaps not to have anyone who will hurt you . Love require it , always strive for more perfection . it will become easier for you . at least you know to whom you can entrust you hurt . ext . ST . R house 122 fani help a poor woman , a widow who life on the outskirt of St. radegund . the widow be grateful to fani , while other regard she with suspicion . franz ( 0.s. ) forgive everyone , include I , if you suffer because of I . help the poor for as long as you can ... do not be angry with mother even if she do not understand . int . prison courtyard ( linz / enns ) 123 franz give he letter to one of he cellmate , who hide it away . franz ( 0.s. ) this letter will leave here this morning with a cellmate who be be release . it will come to you without be censor . you should not give testimony to anyone . 45 . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) if someone ask you if you agree with my decision not to fight , only say how it have be most difficult for you . you can not lighten thing for I . New officer interrogate franz . they try to trap he with trick question , but still there be no physical abuse , if anything , they find a strange curiosity about he . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have no fear of the official . if I do , I would not be here . I want to save my life , but not through lie . they try to trap I with trick question . it have not be easy to stick with my decision . it may become more difficult . officer what do you priest say ? franz to report for military service . officer do you know better than he ? franz ( 0.s. ) I have to keep silent concern he word , or he would no longer be free ... one run into bitter , disillusion man . Men who break various kind of law . it be horrible , what they have suffer . for the slight offense , they be imprison for year . but it be all forgiven if one agree to fight on the front . 124 ext . ST . R church 124 the three girl play in the yard . loisi turn to she mother : loist when will Father be home ? will he bring sausage ? the two older girl look puzzle . still Valerie pachner and August diehl Valerie pachner and August diehl August diehi August diehi ae " August diehl and Valerie pachner August diehl and Valerie pachner August diehl Valerie pachner and August dieh ! 46 . fani ( 0.s. ) her older sister understand that you can not come home so quickly . maridi pray for you . ( the child , praying ) rosl even make small sacrifice ( she hide a doll in a tree ) so that we loving Father will bring you home soon . she sing a song for you -- wonder if you could hear . I write about only the good thing that you child do . you already know they lesser trait . the girl bicker , push each other . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we have not yet tell the child where you be . I have tell only the pastor about you situation . breinbauer die March ist , in combat . a son of the hofbauer be miss . ( war scene ; stock ) how do you find yourself spiritually ? do you find solace ? write to you now , in you current situation , make I terribly sad . I still have a small hope that you would change you mind because you have compassion for I and know that I can not help be as I be . 125 int . cell 125 franz pace he cell . a moan of despair come faintly to he ear . franz ( 0.s. ) I fear you suffer much because of I , dear wife . forgive I for everything I have do wrong . do not be concerned about I . the food and the condition here be good . franz overhear he neighbor , wrangle with each other . cellmate max why not ? tell I : why not ? get it out of my mind , into my body . 47 . cellmate max ( cont 'd ) why not 's what I say . mind over matter . I have see thing . know thing . I know they weakness . cellmate ermin they see a weak spot , they go for it . now I think before I do stuff . they do not read I my rights . they say I do not comply . only dog be free . cellmate max I do not get the point of thing . cellmate ermin I get throw off the train the rest of they be riding on . now I have get to crawl back up a hill of break glass , get back on that train go a thousand mile a hour . work my way from the cattle car up . I blame myself . 126 ext . ST . R field , well , forest etc . 126 fani ( 0.s. ) we could use you here for work . especially to break in the calf . the calf refuse to be harness . fani have to run to catch it . sway its head , it knock she to the ground , then look at she with innocent , apologetic eye . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) twice it be harness to the manure spreader and pull it here and there . when there 's no one else , one must think about everything . if only you could come home to cultivate the oat ... to rake the hay ! fani gather brushwood from the forest . she move though the dark wood , look for dead limb . 127 ext . farm - fani with rosalia 127 fani and franz 's mother carry water from a stream . the well have run dry . Rosalia 's frustration grow when she bucket spill on the ground . 48 . rosalia now they know . fani who ? rosalia the other . everyone . someone must have tell they . you sister ! fant she would never say anything . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we well have run out of water . we have to carry water with bucket . if you could come home to improve thing ... we do not trust ourselves in the well , so it still be full of mud ... already we need rain to cultivate the oat . greeting from you three little woman . the girl play nearby , unaware of they grandmother 's mount displeasure with fani . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) they say to tell you only about the good thing they be do . of course ! but I would not surprise you by tell you about they disobedience . maridi if pappa come home , we will not fight anymore . 128 int . J house 128 when , at the end of the day , fani go to close the door , she youngest daughter cry out . loist do not lock it ! fani why ? loist when he come home -- he will not be able to get in . fani ( 0.s. ) one must accept everything that he send we with gratitude . he love we . he will not send we more than we can bear . 129 ext . field of oat Rosalia 's hostility have grow to a settle disposition . rosalia do you tell he ? everything ? fani write he yourself . rosalia my hand would tremble . I be afraid that , when he 's go , I x11 hate he for it . I , he own mother ! fani ( 0.s. ) today we finish the cultivation of the oat . the calf now walk with such ease that it can be with the cow . the weather be lovely , and so we have much to do . I remain continually concerned about you . warm greeting from you loving wife , fani ! greeting , too , from mother , sister and the child ! be well . see you again !... 130 ext . road back from the field two neighbor woman pass fani on the road . fani why do you look at I that way ? frau pate we know . fani what be it ? what ? frau pate we husband fight so you can be safe ? they look at she with cold , unforgive eye . 129 130 131 132 133 134 50 . frau pate ( cont ’d ) a act of madness . a sin against he family . his village ! 2nd woman his church . frau pate you keep it a secret . 2nd woman a uneducate farmer . frau pate he will be forget . they leave fani , fight back she tear . ext . ST . R square 131 driving she cart through the main square , fani be treat to the cold stare of neighbor whose warm greeting she have be accustom to . ext , mill 132 as she give she grain to trakl , the miller , she lower she eye in confusion and shame . int . mill 133 a water wheel drive the mill . fani watch as the grain be separate from the chaff . ext , mill 134 trakl load the sack of mill grain back onto she cart . fani but -- you have give I back -- more than I give you . he do not meet she eye . he bow in silence . fani go away , move . 51 . 135 int . cell 135 franz calm a cellmate who be tremble and shaking with fear and despair . franz ( 0.s. ) now my little one ! dear rosl , maridl and loisi . thank you for praying for I . it will bring I great joy if I be able to see you again soon . I urge you not to quarrel . also , do not lie . I believe the heavenly Father will bring it about that I shall come home to you . since this will not happen soon , mother must be able to lock the door at night . I shall come home during the day . and dear wife , have you bring in the straw from the pasture ? yesterday I see bud on a apricot tree . my three girl will already be run barefoot and pick flower . it would be better to tell they where they father be than to tell they storey . and , dear wife , I wish to ask something of you . would it be possible to put some piece of edelweiss in the next letter ? a cellmate here request that I get he some -- a young frenchman condemn to death a few week ago . he would like to send edelweiss to he beloved as a farewell gift . 136 ext . well 136 fani scrape in the darkness at the bottom of a well . resie look down from above . they both be cover with mud fani ( 0.s. ) the well go dry on Thursday . we dig it out . now we need a good rain . at the moment we must carry we water . here be some violet , though they will be dead by the time you get they . the child , when they see beautiful flower , immediately want to send they to they father , who will laugh when he receive they . 137 138 52 . they carry water home in pail . rosalia ( to the sister ) you should have dig it out . you wait ! ext . field 137 strohofer , a neighbor , give the sister a ride in he wagon . when fani ' go to pay he , he shake he head . resie be move to tear by this small kindness . it seem not everyone in the village have turn against they . fani ( 0.s. ) strohofer give we a ride to tittmon . he do not demand payment and would not accept any . greeting to you in God , most beloved husband . they cut sedge grass from the bank of the salzach river . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) many think thing be not go well for you . though I can not help you and can send you nothing , I would like to visit you , if only for a few minute . I do not know whether I may . what do you think ? ext . barn 138 the sister put up straw . fant I try to get in touch with the fortress . they do not answer . my husband love he country . they do not answer the phone ! when T can even get a signal . how do you get they attention ? who be they accountable to ? you can not get at they . there 's nobody to connect the call . if you get someone , he 's not the one in charge . resie have now come to live with fani , to help with the farm . they be more and more cut off from life in the community . neighbor pass by , without exchange a word , eyeing they coldly . 139 53. fani think of the fortress -- remote , dark and incomprehensible . the place where they fate will be decide . fani ( cont ’d ) they do not explain ! anything ! why should they be in charge ? why -- should they run the world ? do they ask he if he would accept work in a hospital ? we do not want any favor from they . just he rights . resie how be it when you go ? fani so strange ! at first I could not find anyone . ext . burg ( sand ) 139 Inside the fortress , the narrow street be curiously desert . there be small building here and there , the plaster flaking off the wall . the battlement be crumble from neglect . everyone fani meet be amiable enough , but no one seem to know the name of the official she ask to speak with . at last she arrive at the office of a Major kiel . he sit behind a desk . a corporal in a s.s. uniform play mozart in the next room . major kiel here you be ! take a seat . tell I you wish ! ( shuffle he papers ) ah , I remember . the whole business ! now that you have be so kind as to visit , I must tell you the truth of the matter . I see nothing this department can do . but I will send you papers along to linz . let 's see , where be they ? his desk be overflow with papers , bundle of they . major kiel ( cont 'd ) there 's always business leave undone . thing to put away . 140 141 142 54 . major kiel ( cont 's you can be sure you case will be treat with the great understanding . why do not we say that when we have give it all we proper attention , we will send for you ? the Colonel must be consult . fant May I meet with he ? major kiel ah , Madame , he can not meet with everyone ! a busy man ! but phone . make a appointment ! fani I have try to . my call be not answer . major kiel that surprise I . the problem must be on you end . the telephone work quite well up here . it speed up we work . but there 's no fix connection , I know . and sometimes , this lazy fellow leave the receiver off the hook . fani then how can I make a appointment ? you do not answer my letter . it take I two day to get here . a difficult journey . int . adjacent room 140 the soldier play the piano have stop to talk with fani . fani feel herself in a labyrinth , a soulless world , with no way out . ext . courtyard ( burg ) 141 as fani wander through the courtyard , the official avoid she eye . ext . burg ( sand ) - bell 142 fani hear a distant bell . she look up towards the fortress . the stone wall stand dark and indifferent . 143 she look up with awe . strange , uncanny , remote and demonically illogical . franz ( 0.s. ) I advise you not to visit at this time . maybe later . I still have not receive a trial . most people think that thing be bad for I here , but we get enough to eat . they do not lock we up to make we fat . thing could be worse . 55 . cruel , a petty , obstinate , unaccountable bureaucracy of document and procedure ; a hierarchy of fearful man . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you know , dear wife , that I do not engage in this struggle in order to make my life wonderful . as long as I do not lose my faith , nothing can be unfortunate . we sadness will be change to joy . all this , in relation to eternity , be less than half a second . who be they , this man -- this authority that she reach ? flashback - earlier in there live can never 143 franz remember when he ride he motorcycle where he pleased . his be the first motorcycle in the village . everyone come out to look at he . he be a wild one then . he play card , bowl , dance . he have just come back from work in the mine , full of life and hope . it be then that he first meet fani : franz who do you have the next dance with ? fani with you -- if you will ask I . franz ( 0.s . ) see you again would bring I joy . yet I advise you to wait a while . also , to buy a pair of scythes . so you will at least have one sharp blade for reap . 144 56 . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) when I look back and think of all the good fortune and grace that have come to we in the seven year since we be marry , I see many thing that border on be miracle . if someone be to say to I there be no God , or God have no love for we , and , if I be to believe this , I would no longer understand what have happen to I . he have preserve we . he will not abandon we . ext . crossroad - fant 144 on she way back to St. radegund , fani see a pretty young woman -- she must be in she late teens -- laugh , carefree as fani herself once be -- innocent , free of suffer . fani ( 0.s. ) ( to the child ) God know what we need ... want . she remember a neighbor put a finger to she lip , shushing she : neighbor ( 0.s. ) watch out the authority might hear of she protest . she might end up as she husband have . what would become of the child ? the villager ostracize she , more from fear than from dislike or disapproval . she remember tell franz : fani my husband ! I want to die with you -- together -- but I have to live - - for the child ! official from the fortress stop at the gasthaus on they travel . free from the eye of they superior , they drink , flirt with the barmaid , strut about . rosi bring she mother a apple . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) rosi have set aside a beautiful apple , which I be suppose to send you , if I may . the girl go today to see the pony at the schirk . 145 146 57 . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) resie be glad to get out of the house . the child be too playful for she . the girl play with a pony that belong to some neighbor . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) loisi say to tell you she want you to come home to play . ext . church ( palm sunday ) 145 the villager carry willow branch decorate with ribbon , fruit and cookie to the church . Children , sing , lead the way . fani ( 0.s. ) Palm Sunday we little one go in the procession with the other child . each hold a willow branch . fani see other woman on the arm of they husband . int . cell 146 franz turn in circle in he cell . he close he eye . he want to pray , but he cannot ; he anxiety be too great . he continue to pace , in torment . franz ( 0.s. ) dear child , I be grateful for the violet which you send I . T can see you do not forget you father who do not forget you and would love to be with you . however , the heavenly Father want to have it otherwise . thank he that he have send I a good wife and you a good mother . always have love for you mother . obey she . you can not run outside with bare foot . o my wife , I know you fear for I , but my burden be light . when I compare my suffer to that of other people , I see that mine be the smallest of cross . many of the other prisoner suffer in silence , with no one to write home to , no one who care about they . 147 148 58. franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) how be thing go with the hay ? the apple that he daughter rosi send he rest on a table in he cell . ext . courtyard ( linz / enns ) 147 as franz walk in the courtyard , he look over the wall at . the building on a street across the way . there people still live in some degree of freedom . he could join they . it would take but a single word . one small act of relenting , and he might see he family again . int . interrogation room ( linz / enns ) 148 the Captain walk in a circle around franz . captain herder you feel no fear at follow a line of conduct which leave you in danger of the death penalty ? franz a man worth anything have only one thing to consider : whether he be act rightly or wrongly -- captain herder be you God stronger than the fuhrer ? ( franz do not reply ) why do he let he rule the world ? franz that be a mystery . captain herder how do you know what be good and bad ? do you know better than 1 ? you seem to think there be a nobility in this . who be this God that require you destroy the life of you own with that of family ? you think he want you blood in order to satisfy he ? will it get you on he good side ? blood - drinker ! ( no reply ) 59 . captain herder ( cont 'd ) what have you do to he to make he send you this misfortune ? ( franz nod ; he will not deny it ) know that you Jesus suffer should not make you want to suffer . he never seek it out . there 's a difference between the kind of suffer we can not avoid and that we choose . you suffer for no reason . ( no reply ) pride ? be you better than the rest ? franz he do not cause anyone to suffer . he do not tempt anyone . we tempt he . captain herder you know he mind ? he speak with you ?... have you see beyond the grave ? franz think of Hitler . newsreel image of the fuhrer , untrouble , hail by all . captain herder ( cont ’d ) a private revelation ! would you not participate in any war —- or just this one ? you have other plan ? be it because war be not the best way to solve we problem ? franz do not answer . captain herder ( cont ’d ) you prefer to stay out of fight ? franz no . captain herder be it because you be afraid ? franz I be afraid —- of the devil . captain herder be I the devil ? a servant of he ? I ? I do not feel that way . Christ be dead . forsaken , as you will be . he say so himself . 149 60 . captain herder ( cont 'd ) you , too , will say , '' I thirst . '' you love a dead man -- more than you wife . you child . you love a ghost . franz you say we should do what the State want because other people be responsible for what we do . no one want to be accountable for the crime do in we name . responsibility be shift from one person to another . captain herder be you mad ? franz you say , think of the time we live in . well , that man and woman in olden day , who put they life at risk , because they would not . carry out caesar 's order -- what do you say of they ? do they live in better time ? captain herder it 's one thing to take a stand on a big stage . but you be nowhere ... you have no power . franz enough . captain herder we live in a new world now . night settles on the cell . the Captain be still with franz . a single candle burn in the darkness . captain herder ( cont ’d ) be you afraid of death ? the end ? cu franz & image of death ( in he mind 's eye ) 149 image of death flash through franz 's mind : a shore , a veil , a window sill , a fence in a pasture , a open door in the jail , a stairwell lead down into the darkness , a candle blow out . 150 151 61 . in he mind 's eye , from he memory of St. radegund ; often analogy of death present themselves to he : a neighbor labor at a plough , the ploughshare cut through the earth , heaving it up . a sower , sow . a harvester bring in the sheave , thresh the grain , winnowing it out . the Captain listen , silent . franz 0.s better to suffer injustice than to commit it . nothing can harm a good man , in life or after death . I bear they no grudge —- they can not hurt I . who can harm we if we follow we conscience ? they can only harm themselves . I suspect this that have happen to I be a bless -- Dawn shine through the bar of the window . ext . field - 2nd unit ( april ) 150 the fresh green field , in they spring glory . the fruit tree , bloom . franz ( 0.s. ) I can not tell you anything about my future . I again have no trial this week . dearest wife , we must not lose hope . if we can no longer celebrate together in the trust family circle a joyful Easter in this world , then we await with full confidence the day when the eternal morning break . then no one from we family will be miss . then we can rejoice together . forever . ext . ST . R farm isi Easter have come . the child pick flower and roll Easter egg . ( accord to this custom , the child roll hard - boil egg on a flat surface , the winner be the one whose egg go the farthest . ) fani clean the house . she embroider towel and the hem of the girl 's dress . a clock tick on the wall . 152 153 154 62. franz ( 0.s. ) I be in good health . I hope all of you be too . what fine weather ! the fresh green of the grass be good for a person . someone with freedom may not notice it . outside , the villager pass by , with fearful glance at the house of shame and doom . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) spring have come . you can again pick flower and roll egg . thank rosl for the apple which she send I . I have save it . ros1 do a curtsey when she mother give she this news . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) fall the girl to be good so they mother do not get put out with they . ext . farmhouse 152 as the child play outside , fani lean she face against the wall in despair . stock footage ( 1943 ) 153 the city of Germany , in ruin . that of Russia and Poland as well . stream of bewilder refugee . fani ( 0.s. ) this week we finish the rake . we gather wonderful straw . you mother whitewash the kitchen . the front of the house . all look beautiful . ( to resie ) I be sure it will work out . we just need to pray ! int . farmhouse - rosalia 154 franz 's mother have a way of take over the house , shoulder fani aside . rosalia you go take care of the child . I will stay here . 63. fani ( 0.s. ) we primrose be almost completely dry up . it be too bad you be not here to arrange everything . you be mich better at this . Zauner be by and say thing be get worse . she be inconsolable . her husband go back . where they will send he be anyone 's guess . rosalia he be never this way before . he be a fun-love man till he meet you ! he dance ! then he get so serious . you -- with you religion ! he use to laugh ! 155 ext . field 155 Fresh green shoot of wheat and barley have begin to appear in the field . fani and resie cut hay . a sow eye they warily . fani ( 0.s. ) we finish with the hay . already it be so warm one can see the green shoot come up ! tomorrow the sow will be butcher . I be happy about this . she have become more and more difficult . she would not eat the oat . 156 int . barn 156 a cow give birth . fani ( 0.s. ) the tiefenhaler cow give birth . the calf come out crosswise . we turn it with great trouble -- seven or eight people , pull it out with much effort . 157 ext . orchard garden 157 pear and plum tree in flower . the girl scoop up the fall blossom . 64 . fani ( 0.s . ) we fruit garden be glorious . pear and plum tree already in bloom , the apple tree partly so . it be too bad you can not be here . be well . warmest greeting to you from you loving wife , fani . see you again ! 158 int . prison ( linz / enns ) 158 through fani 's effort to cheer he with news from home , we follow franz 's life in prison . he keep he torment a secret from she . he do not want to disturb she . she have trouble of she own . franz ( 0.s. ) one need not always think about what one can not have at the moment . dearest wife , I can not tell you the joy of this day . I be still a fortunate child . Heaven will not abandon we . 159 ext . salzach river ( & altotting ) - 30 april , 1943 159 fani and she sister ride they bicycle down a road by the river . fani ( 0.s . ) resie and I ride we bicycle to altétting . we tree -- the pear and apple tree , the plum -- be blossoming here more strongly than ever before . how beautiful it be when I go walk with the child -- sad you can not be with we to marvel at it all . it would be doubly beautiful if you be . 160 ext . feed grinder 160 ganshanger , a neighbor , catch he finger in a grinder . fani ( 0.s . ) ganshanger cut off four finger in the feed grinder . he be on leave from the front . he should not have be work on a holiday . the police show up . he be now under suspicion for self - mutilation . 161 162 163 65 . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) people be speak much about it all . poor man -- whether he do it to himself or not ! the police sneer at ganshdnger roughly . it be as though they feel oblige to make a show of they skepticism . fani be out plant potato . frau schuster May I put some plant in you field ? fani of course ! she look at the poor widow , stoop over they on she knee in the mud . a widow . fani , later , praying 161 fani , under she breath : fani spare he ! 0 , please ! tell I what I should do ! she can tell franz nothing of she anxiety , she doubt , though sometimes she cannot help herself . int . prison ( linz / enns ) 162 nor do franz tell fani of he ill-treatment , not only from the guard , but also by many of he fellow prisoner ; insult he greet with courtesy , humility . franz ( 0.s. ) Girls , you mother will scold you if you roll around too much in the grass . you father greet you warmly . do not forget I ! popular tune -- sentimental song -- play on the guard 's radio . the apple franz 's daughter send he sit uneaten , as though he wish to keep it as a remembrance of he home . int . cell - blackbird 163 Dawn break outside he window . the bird sing . 164 66 . franz ( 0.s. ) dear wife , I still can not say how my future will unfold . what come next be seldom better ... and still , now begin the month of May , the most beautiful month . nature do not notice the sorrow that have come over the people . a blackbird appear on the window ledge . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) at dawn , we can hear blackbird sing loudly outside we window . they seem to have more freedom , and to know more of peace and happiness -- though they be only unreason animal -- than we human do -- we who have the gift of understanding ... ( over the blackbird 's song ) it should not sad we if we must do without many thing and give up what we heart desire when we may be reward a thousandfold in eternity . let we heart yearn for everlast gift ... how do the grain look ? one love he home . greeting to we neighbor ! two guard enter franz 's cell . without a word of explanation , they shackle he hand and foot , then drag he roughly down the corridor , outside to a wait car . where be eternity now ? ext . linz - train station 164 franz ask a officer who be accompany he for permission to write a letter . the officer , a Captain , nod . kneel down by the locomotive , franz jot down a few word . franz ( 0.s. ) dearest wife ! I leave for Berlin at 10:13 am . have no concern about I . the locomotive steam and hiss . it stand like a icon of overwhelming force . 165 166 167 67 . int . / ext . moving train 165 franz sit next to the Captain , a polite man who seem only to want to be do with he distasteful duty . franz ( 0.s. ) this departure come as a surprise . I have no time even to say goodbye to my companion . the officer accompany I be a pleasant man . my decision remain the same . during the interrogation , they want I to take it all back — — deny everything ... stock footage - train to berlin 166 the train crash through the countryside . the track weave in and out . franz ( 0.s. ) if thing in Berlin should go bad for I , have no concern . now I must close . it be almost time to leave . greeting to mother , to you , the girl and all . see you again ! it be night when they enter Berlin . franz turn to the Captain . franz ( cont ’d ) why be they bring I here ? to the Capital ? the Captain shrug . stock footage - pove on berlin [ " symphony of a CITY '' ] 167 franz marvel at the vastness of the great city . he have never before be outside he corner of Austria . franz ( 0.s. ) I arrive safely on May 4 . if it have be a vacation , it would have be a lovely ride . the farm and village we travel through be beautiful . though I be still remove from you , have no heavy heart because of I . you know under whose protection I stand . I trust . 168 169 68. ext . tegel prison , courtyard 168 franz bid farewell to the Captain . they have arrive at tegel prison , on the outskirt of Berlin . franz I hope that I have not cause you any inconvenience . captain no , I be come up in any case . good luck ! now , suddenly , thing change . guard you ! when I say frog , you jump ! the guard treat the prisoner roughly , especially during they first day . franz 's silence in response to they blow only infuriate they the more . franz ( 0.s. ) on the way I catch a glimpse of the vastness of the city . all go well for I here . it be a little different than back home , but one need not suffer here , and many thing be better . int . admission cell , tegel 169 the guard shove franz into a cell . he look around . there be a bed that fold up during the day , a small table with a glass on it . a towel , a jug of water . in the corner , a toilet bucket . there be also a small wardrobe and a lamp that can only be switch on from outside in the hall , that go on and off without warning . the blanket on the bed have a foul smell . he throw they into the corner . franz ( 0.s. ) I have a small closet of my own . very nice ... if one dismiss a occasional harsh word , one 's heart remain at peace . he set he chair beneath the window . he look out . rain be fall . he can see nothing of the street beyond . 170 a7 . 172 69 . guard you ! no look out the window . get down ! franz ( 0.s. ) here we may write one short letter only every four week . but we can get mail as often as it come . package of food be not allow . int . cellblock , tegel 170 the prisoner be call out of they cell . each wear a black jacket and black trousers with yellow stripe run down the side . as soon as he door be unlock , each prisoner step forward and announce he crime . franz jagerstatter ! undermining morale ! ext . yard , tegel a7 . the inmate be allow half a hour on the yard . they must keep a distance from each other and speak not a word . franz ( 0.s. ) if I have any idea that I would be take from linz without a trial , I would have invite you there for a visit . a trip to Berlin would now be too hard . if it be God 's will , we shall have a reunion with each other again in this world . if not , then we hope for it in the next world , where the visit time will be somewhat longer than fifteen to thirty minute . tegel prison life - montage , with fani 0.s. 172 franz 's life at tegel fall into a routine . a guard point franz out to the other : guard no one be to speak to he . a prisoner weep in the next cell . no one take any notice . 70 . he can not see how thing be run in the building . he can only guess from the incessant shouting of the warder . he be tell nothing . from morning till night , he hear they foul oath . they ill - treatment of that be hold for investigation penetrate he cell . everyone be treat as a criminal . there be no mercy for the innocent or merely accuse , or that lock up for trivial offense . guard ( cont ’d ) if you complain of be strike —- it be , of course , strictly forbidden -- the boss will never believe you . only I . I can always find a colleague who will testify for I . under oath ! the tone be set by that warder who behave in the most evil and brutal way . the whole cellblock resound with they abuse . the quieter , more fair - minded guard be nauseate by it . but they tend to be the subordinate , and exercise no real influence . prisoner martin we ask for work . Games be forbidden . even chess . you can not make up you own board . do not try ! the prisoner suffer from a lack of occupation , especially that in solitary confinement . the only work that be give they be fold paper into envelope for soldier at the front . they often sit in the dark for hour at a time because the staff be too lazy to switch on the cell light . when they put out the little flag design to get a guard 's attention , the guard shout angrily at they , and they light be not switch on . fani ( 0.s. ) my dear husband ! trust in the heart ! if the spirit that sustain we do not sustain the world itself , then everything would be out of kilter . why would it abandon we ? how could it ? they be not allow to lie on they bed before '' the last Post " , so they have to spend the prior hour sit in the dark . when , late at night , the air raid come , there be no shelter for the prisoner . franz listen to the anguish cry of the man trap in they cell . the thud of the bomb . tl. fani ( 0.s ) ( cont 'd ) the pain will only make we better and bind we closer together . for that I be grateful -- best of friend , my man ! why should there not be for we , too , a secret power unknown to we , steering we fate toward the best - = a power beneficent , consol ? why would we despair ? they day last fourteen hour . he spend three walk up and down in the cell . it be strange to he that the peace and composure that be support he can sometimes vanish suddenly . then he find himself tremble inwardly with fear and doubt . it feel to he like a invasion from outside , as if some evil power be try to rob he of what be most necessary to he sanity . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) whatever you think best be what I , too , want . even if you believe a total separation between we be what we really must have , I will not take it wrongly . the bond will go on and on , to all eternity -- and life be short ! but -- because life be short , should we forfeit it ? oh , tell I , where will we find one another again ? darling , my beloved soul ! where can I find peace ? let I face my duty forget about myself , even if it should be ever so difficult . warder stein ( to franz ) it 's a job , like any other . no talk with the other . no . I can let you break the rule , or I can join you there . no. better a live rat than a dead lion . when he walk in the yard he get pleasure from watch the ant on a small ant -hill , from the bee in the linden tree , from the swift and swallow that dart between the building , chatter gaily . it strike he that nature carry on its simple , open life without interruption . it make he feel sentimental towards the world , though not toward the fly that flit about he cell ; they only seem eager for he to die , so they can carry on they business unoppose . 72 . he stop to look at the remain of a barn swallow nest that some wretch have knock down and leave on the ground . fani ( 0.s. ) Love will keep we close , when we walk where we can not see . feel it with I . the high love find no peace on earth . to seek it would be wonderful -- to die with each other ! together ! but we have duty in this world . he have no knife or fork . he eat he meal with a spoon . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) pain will only make we better — draw we closer to each other ! there be so many thing that he could never tell he wife -- that she would not understand -- that would alarm and sicken she . so many time when the world seem nauseate and burdensome to he , when he wonder who he really be : the man who writhes under this experience and cry inwardly to heaven , or the man who seem compose and cheerful -- in control of himself -- and who allow a few other to admire he for it . the man who play a part . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) how I love this pain now ! when it leave I , when everything in I go numb , how I long for it again . only my tear can give I joy . what be this love of ours ? at such time the evening sky , the bird , the cloud do not know he . nor the two lover , whose distant laughter he hear . nor he fellow sufferer , asleep or awake , turn on they bed , shifting in they chain , turn and twist , unable to find warmth or comfort . only the tower clock seem aware of he , as it strike the hour , ask he what can it matter whether one day turn into another . I thank you for all the happiness you have bestow on I . through you I have receive more than I could ever have expect . I hope that I have be worthy of it . I would like to give you peace . but I owe you a account of all T feel . fear overcome I . I know that it should not . but we love be too deep for I to be able to deceive you . eee * arr 173 73. it be so hard to keep a strong heart . not to surrender to sorrow and despair ! to hold you head high when everything seem to be go wrong . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) never doubt my love ! it will be yours for all eternity ! who else can I tell my heart to -- my one , my only friend ? * ext . tegel courtyard - the sharp judge - franz 's Pov 173 franz see a man in black evening dress -- in tail and a stovepipe hat . he look as though he be on he way to a wedding or a ball . franz who be that ? fellow prisoner ( whisper ) the sharp judge ! he cut off you head ! the sharp judge look at they . steadily . at one point he seem to smile . a strange figure of death ; the last person * that a condemn man would see . * fani ( 0.s . ) this will not have be the last time I see you ! I can not think that ! let I hope ! why we suffer I do not * understand . will we know some day ? I become so downhearted , so quickly . afterwards , I do not know how to help myself ... for all eternity I will be true to you . best of friend ! May I yet be able to give you joy ! i’1l see you again ! no one will take this certainty from I . * franz can not tell fani , but gradually he have be sink into a spiritual darkness . at the depth of that darkness he again meet rogowski , the soldier from he training day , now a fellow prisoner , but unlike franz himself , as bright and optimistic as ever . they greet each other warmly , though rogowski do not seem quite to remember who franz be . 174 175 74 . over the next several day , franz observe how this extraordinarily happy man never complain , but treat everyone with a unfail good cheer , include the guard . franz marvel at he . rogowski notice he low spirit , and urge he not to grieve . '' the dawn be come , '' he say , '' trouble last a hour . '' or : '' imitate the sundial , only count the pleasant day . " franz see how he love , every man equally : the Nazis , he fellow prisoner , the cook , a dog , and franz himself . ext . courtyard - FIRE 174 a siren be wail . a fire have break out in one of the building . as the guard rush to put it out , franz talk with a prisoner a few year older than he be , a revolutionary from Serbia . cellmate dimo have the meek inherite the earth ? how far we be from have we daily bread ! ( wall ) do not let you life be a show . no one 's watch . just this wall . we sense he cellmate 's doubt be that which torment franz himself . he do not say a word in contradiction . a loathsome world ! not a trace of mercy in they decree . not a trace of love or charity . they shamelessness know no limit . why give you life for they ? ext . ST . R field 175 fani work in the field . fani ( 0.s. ) greeting , beloved husband ! the weather be warm . almost no day pass without rain . the grass and the clover be beautiful ... the grain grow up . I hope no hail will destroy it , though we fear the british with they firebomb . they say the plane be fly over the countryside to destroy we crop . it would be terrible . we would have nothing to eat . 176 177 75 . fani 's wagon get stick in the mud . some woman from the village , neighbor pass by , look at she coldly . they make no move to help . she be now ostracize in St. radegund , with notable exception . ext . fani and rosalia with lantern - night 176 fani and franz 's mother go out at night in search of two calve that have escape from the barn . fani ( 0.s. ) we have a scare on Thursday night . we see , to we shock , that the two yearling calve be no longer in the barn . nowhere to be see or hear . you can imagine how upset you mother and I be . we set out to look for they -- find they at last at the strohofer . it be terrifying to have to search for animal at night ... I be always in pain for you . I keep you in my love . you be so far away . I send you many kiss . mother can no longer sharpen the scythe . no one can as well as you . one can go to lang , but he be always in a hurry . Rosalia and resie take turn try to hammer the scythe blade into sharpness . the bang work on fani 's nerve . ext . forest ( ST . R outskirt ) my fani and resie gather wood from the forest . Rosalia help as she be able . the girl obey they mother more readily now , as though do so might help to bring they father back home . fani ( 0.s. ) during this week we be in the forest . together we cut down the brushwood . the child cannot understand why you be away for so long . they pray for you and be well - behave . ( buy pig ) I get some piglet from mossbauer . four week old . I hold off for a time because they be expensive . now I have pay 100 for the pair . not bad , right ? for the child I buy young rabbit . 2 mark each . 178 179 16 . fani ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the child be have great fun with they . we can breed they and make a profit . ( drive calve out of the orchard ) the calve be cute . but I must sell one of they soon . they eat too much . they have already devoure everything in the orchard . the clover , too . if only you could be home , dear husband . yet many suffer great blow ( apple in the height of a tree ; fani strike they with a pole ) we still have some apple which you have always enjoy eat . I do not have much of a appetite because you can not be here ... and must suffer from hunger . with greeting from you wife ! fani , try to sell her produce 178 fani have put a bright face on thing for franz 's benefit . when she go to sell she produce , the villager shake they head . they will not buy from she . how will she support the child ? when winter come , what then ? int . tegel prison , visitors room 179 franz be lead into the presence of a lawyer , a handsome man somewhat older that himself . feldman friedrich feldman ! I have be appoint by the court -- to be you defense attorney . feldman smile cordially and take some papers out of he briefcase . feldman ( cont ’d ) we must make a effort to answer this charge . I understand that you have refuse service in the wehrmacht -- though you once train with they , as a motorcycle driver , I believe . as I understand , you resistance be specifically to serve in combat . 1 . feldman ( cont 'd ) but I believe if you be to accept medical service -- work as a orderly in a hospital , that sort of thing -- they would probably drop this charge . franz , would I be require to swear loyalty to Hitler ? feldman word ! no one take that sort of thing seriously -- but yes . he leave off . he can not be sure who might be listen franz I can not feldman why not ? franz it hurt my heart . my mind . feldman I have speak in confidence with a member of the court . I think —- we could come to a understanding . in a hospital , you might do some real good . feldman wait for franz to answer . he do not . feldman ( cont 'd ) you be a stubborn man . see here , I be go to leave this paper with you . keep it with you ... sign , and you will go free . he shake franz 's hand and leave . 180 int . tegel , interrogation room 180 a man in dark civilian dress interrogates franz , who have no idea who this stranger be or where he come from . major schlegel what you be do be wrong . admit it . we can move on . 78 . major schlegel ( cont 'd ) we can lessen the consequence . give the state of the world , other people be make the same mistake . they feel confuse , overwhelm , sick . you be not to blame . you be not the cause of all the trouble in the world . he move closer to franz , careful to maintain eye contact with he , allow he no chance to speak or , when he do , raise he voice above franz 's own , or talk over he . major schlegel ( cont 'd ) I see how you look at I . but I do not believe in anything . I get by . ( walk behind franz ) I believe in what I own . what I can touch . feel . I hate death . he peel a orange . he point to the paper that would release franz from service in the military , and the official themselves from a grow discomfort . major schlegel ( cont 'd ) sign -- and you will go free . franz I be free . already . major schlegel strange freedom ! no , my friend . T can walk out that door . into the street . I be free . not you . he see that franz will not relent , and yet be assaile with fear and doubt . major schlegel ( cont 'd ) this be what happen when you put honor above everything . what for ? will you be more innocent than everyone else ? we be soak in blood . the whole earth be . franz yes -- it be awful ! major schlegel do I have any obligation ? I be oblige to do only what serve my interest . I be once like you . I learn pretty quick . 79 . major schlegel ( cont 'd ) ( he clap he hand ) you will not change the world . you have no power . the fiihrer have power . franz what kind ? major schlegel enough to determine if you live or die . ( no reply ) I will bury you , my friend ! 1/11 be walk around , play with my child , when you be in the grave . go to land no one have come back from . you remember what Achilles say -- glorious Achilles -- when odysseus meet he in the underworld ? odysseus tell he that no man have be more bless than he . and Achilles say : '' do not try to reconcile I to die . I would rather be another man 's slave , a poor peasant without land , and be alive up on the earth , than lord of all the lifeless dead . give I news of my son instead . '' that 's what he say . I would rather be a slave in the sunlight , than a hero down here ! a shadow ! a shade ! he shake he head . a hard - neck peasant ! no change he mind ! major schlegel ( cont 'd ) no more family . Children . sunlight . no pretty music . nothing . night . night settles on tegel . cries resound through the cellblock . the heat be oppressive . 181 AIR raid - tegel - night 181 tonight , again , there be air raid . as the sound of the bomber grow louder , there be cry of fear from the prisoner , lock in they cell . 182 80 . int . franz' cell - night 182 it be during a raid that franz receive a visit from fr. heinrich kreutzberg , the tegel chaplain . the crunch of explosion can be hear in the distance . fr . kreutzberg you be not responsible for they action . you have no basis on which to reach a judgement as to the justice or injustice of this war . you only responsibility be to meet you obligation to you family . you people . franz I do not see thing as you do , Father . we can not remain silent in the face of evil . we have to confront it . fr . kreutzberg how ? the Church can never make demand of its member that might alienate great number of they -- or provoke retaliation from the State . franz , I do not want to take the slight part in this war ... franz have expect consolation from the priest , a man of he own faith . fr . kreutzberg I suppose you prove there 's -- a examination . that the exam can be take . but who know of this exam ? who can be expect to answer it ? overhead , the light falter , then go out franz 's child come to he in a dream . they hold out they hand , implore he silently . one open the door of he cell , show he the way out , the empty corridor , a stairway beyond it . then he see , behind they , a man in a Nazi uniform , he face wrap in a cloth so that he eye cannot be see , or anything of he expression 183 184 185 186 ei. later - dawn ( 24 may 1943 ) 183 at dawn , franz be drag out of he cell , into the corridor . franz ( 0.s. ) I continue to find my situation quite satisfactory . do not worry , my wife . it could be worse . I be still alone in my cell . almost daily we have half a hour to move about freely . one can work in he cell as much as he like make envelope . and I can still pray for you . here I can make a retreat . ext . courtyard 184 franz be lead to a car in the courtyard below . he have no idea where he be go . moving car - trip to witzleben STREET ( berlin ) 185 two guard drive he to the Reich 's military tribunal in witzleben Street ( charlottenburg ) . he gaze out the window at other go about they daily life . franz ( 0.s. ) May 24 I appear before the Reich 's military tribunal for interrogation . it be a long ride by car . the tribunal be in Berlin , tegel a little outside the city . the linden tree be in bloom . witzleben STREET build - stair , hallway , etc . 186 franz be lead through the hallway of the tribunal . his hand be bound in chain . franz 0.8 . hopefully you have have more rain there than we have here . otherwise it will be disastrous for the fruit . stairway lead up towards and opaque skylight . 187 82. int . reich 's military tribunal 187 franz be make to sit down on a chair in the middle of a large , drafty hall . the Court martial convene : the first judge , Werner leuben two military officer ; a prosecutor ; a clerk , and franz 's defense attorney feldman . banner with swastikas hang behind they . judge lueben open the hearing . judge lueben Heil Hitler ! franz tremble at the name . the charge be read out . against they we hear franz address fani , as though in a continuation of he letter : franz ( 0.s. ) be at peace ... forgive each other . after give the personal detail of the defendant , the prosecutor review the indictment . franz marvel at the strange hat judge lueben wear . he look around at the other people in the room , wonder what they life be like . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you must be busy with the hay , and once again pick strawberry and blueberry . soon you will be look for cherries at lang 's . prosecutor lar Court -martial of the Reich ... stpl ( rka ) I 98/43 ... Red list ... in the criminal case against jagerstatter , headquarters company of the motorist - replacement division 17 in enn , bear on May 20th 1907 in radegrund ( oberdonau ) ... wehrmacht remand prison berlin-tegel ... judge - advocate of the Reich lueben . Air Force General musshoff ... vice - Admiral arp ... brigadier General schreiber ... as prosecutor : judge - advocate General Dr. kleint , as record clerk : Court -martial Inspector General of the Reich wagner ... the accuse have be sentence to death , deprive of army honors and of civil liberty ... 188 83. prosecutor lar ( cont 'd ) after 8 year of primary school , he work on farm and mining marry , father of three child , age 3 to 6 year ... display the same negative attitude during he hearing with the investigator of the court of division no . 487 in linz as well as with the representative of the Reich 's War advocacy . no one show much interest in the defendant , much less any trace of compassion . when , at the end , franz be call upon to speak in he defense , he say nothing . judge leuben call the member of the court into another room for a short consultation . it seem they be uncomfortable with the situation that be be force on they . they would be glad if franz be ready to accept service as a medic . it would relieve they conscience of a burden they never ask for . int . room adjacent to the court 188 the judge step into the room where franz be hold . feldman , show discretion , step away . the judge indicate to franz 's guard that he would like to be leave alone . judge lueben what be you do , my fine fellow ? would you accept service as a medic ? you would not have to take up arm . franz do not reply . judge lueben ( cont 'd ) my son be in the Army . he go in when they call he . he have to suffer . he die in Russia . in the snow . he have a conscience . be you proud of you virtue ? afraid of you conscience ? have it make a coward of you ? do you imagine that anything you do will change the course of this war ? that anyone outside this court ever hear of you ? no one will be change . the world will go on as before . you will vanish . judge lueben ( cont 'd ) Drop away . like a stone in the sea . if a man can not benefit the world by he death , how can he decide to sacrifice he life ? you be the guilty one . not i. I do not make the world the way it be ... it make no sense to will more than be possible at any particular moment . life 's hard enough as it be . you will change nobody 's mind . you action may even have the opposite effect of what you intend . someone else will take you place . we want to save you . you have nothing more to say ?... you know what it mean . franz I stand by what I have say . franz say it in a tremble voice . judge lueben you will have save no one -- and damned yourself . the truth be , it 's you , not I , who pronounce the sentence . you , the judge . be not you tired of the whole business ? be not this a self — inflicted torture ? I suspect you have some false belief in the virtue of misery ... suffer . 84 . lueben see that he have get nowhere . and now it be he who seem to tremble inwardly , aware that he be go to incur a inescapable guilt in convict a good man . judge lueben ( cont 'd ) do you judge I ? franz no . it 's not for I to make you life harder for you . I do not judge you and say , he be wick , I be right . I do not know everything . 5 . franz ( cont'd a man may do wrong , and not be able to get out of it -- get he life clear . maybe he would like to go back , and can not . that must be a bitter thing . but I have that feel inside I , that I can not do what I believe be wrong . that 's all . judge lueben you mean it ? franz why would I say it , if I do not mean it ? judge lueben I could set you free . he speak with a grow desperation . judge lueben ( cont 'd ) even now , even now , something might be do . if not , the dreadful . franz you send I to we Father . judge lueben he will not have long to wait . 189 int . courtroom 189 the tribunal have reconven . franz be distract -— can not bring himself to pay attention to the read of the document , until the verdict be announce prosecutor lar accord to 60 kstvo . III ... he thus become guilty of degrade military strength and have to be punish accord to 5 paragraph 1 number 3 kssvo . the criminal nature of he action will not be suspend due to consideration of conscience or he religious belief for legitimate ( section 48 mstgb ) ... tegel , the accuse be completely normal , there be no sign regard diminish responsibility . 86 . prosecutor lar ( cont 'd ) there have be no know case of mental - or hereditary disease in he family ... the crime of degrade military strength be punishable by death ... since the accuse have prove through he action that he be dishonorable , he will be deprive of civil liberty accord to section 32 . and no public honor shall be give he , under penalty of law . Berlin , July 14th , 1943 ... 190 int . anteroom & ext . build 190 feldman take franz aside and tell he , hurriedly : feldman today they pronounce the sentence , but they still have to confirm it . it might be day , week . sign the paper in you cell . you will go free . I can work it out . quietly , you know . I feel sure . 191 int . moving car , berlin street 191 a sergeant drive franz back to tegel . sergeant you have be here for the last time . now it go to St. Peter ! eh ? ( when franz do not reply ) be not you afraid ? 192 int . tegel death row 192 franz be take from he old cell to the third floor , where this prisoner be keep who have be sentence to death . as a condemn man , he leg will now be shackle as well as he hand . guard now it will be you leg , too . I be sorry . now the light in you cell , we can not turn it off . it will be on day and night . a naked bulb hang from the ceiling . 87 . 193 hitler - stock image - franz in he cell 193 image of Hitler , half -seen , flash through franz 's mind . how do such a man exist ? but franz do not create he . what business do he have stand against he -- a murderer totally unaware of he existence and whom he can do nothing to stop ? fani ( 0.s . ) Saturday I sell a calf . we receive 630 mark . I fetch the piglet from moosbauer . together they weigh 32 pound , and they cost 80 mark . not bad . we seldom have good weather , or we would be out . we have bring the hay in from the first meadow . 194 ext . ST . R field 194 fani work in the rain , spread manure on the field . fani ( 0.s. ) warm greeting , most beloved husband , from you faithful wife , fani . greeting in God , who will make everything right again . you mother 's foot be hurt . the work be often too much for we . my lung be weak . so it be , yet there be always more work . she borrow a wagon from a neighbor . fani_ ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have a terrifying anxiety about the harvest . you mother can no longer bear the heat . the grain be magnificent for reap . I could use you . if only you could come home , for at least four week ! sixteen hour each day be no small thing . wagner be here today and choose the wooden strip for the dung wagon . till today we have no wagon . our be break . the girl help as they can . franz 's mother fuss at they for not do more . loisi whisper in fani 's ear . 88 . fani ( 0.s ) ( cont 'd ) loisi say that when Father return , she 'il no longer sleep with I , but always with Father . I would gladly lose she if you could be at home . now we must rake leave because we need the straw . the harvest come nearer . be well ! 195 int . cell ( tegel ) 195 franz study the letter that sit on the table in he cell , await he signature . franz ( 0.s. ) it be not as difficult for I here as everyone at home may imagine . T remain in good health and hope that you do , too . he pace back and forth . his heart pound in he throat . be he so sure ? have he hear a voice ? do he hear it still ? might it be lead he , and he family , to they doom ? franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I know that you be interested in know whether my future have yet be decide . be patient till T know . you need have no heavy heart about I . 196 int . J farmhouse , ST . R 196 Rosalia weep over they fate . so unexpected ! undeserve ! so much unanswer pain ! franz ( 0.s. ) and dear mother , thank you for you kind word , which my wife have report . I hope that you be no longer angry with I for my disobedience . it have not rain a great deal here , though there have hardly be two sunny day in a row . I hope the weather will be better for the harvest . 197 ext . J farmhouse 197 the child play outside . 198 199 200 201 89 . franz ( 0.s. ) my dear little one , do not lose heart if you father do not come to tell you storey . today there be many child whose father can not come to they now , nor will ever come to they again . be well - behave . I would have love to see you wear that garland on you head . from far away you father send you warm greeting . postman , fani , rosalia 198 fani have receive a letter from the postman . she come to she mother - in- law , read it with alarm . fani it 's from he lawyer . he say that I should come to Berlin . they have condemn he to death ! why do not he tell we ? we have to go ! right now ! the lawyer say so : no delay . there still might be time ! ext . rectory , ST . R 199 fani knock on fr. fiirthauer 's door . the pastor open to find she in a state of great distress . int . moving train 200 fani and fiirthauer have board a train to Berlin . fani what will you tell he ? angle on the train : the steel rail ; the village flash by ; coal shovel into the firebox ; the fierce - burn fire . the locomotive ; a blind , unmind force run it know not where . ext . street , crowd ( from '' berlin : symphony of a CITY '' ) 201 berliner head to work , to they factory and shop . how be a man to stand up against the great baal ? it be a obscure battle , more exhaust than struggle with a tyrant , for no decisive point be ever reach . the struggle with the many begin all over , each and every day . 202 203 204 205 206 90 . ext . tegel ( for charlottenburg ) prison ( 13 JULY 1943 ) 202 when fani arrive at tegel , she be tell she husband be not there . she look around in wonder as she and furthauer be lead down a corridor to a visit room . int . cellblock 203 she see the other prisoner . she have bring some food for franz , but she be tell she will not be allow to give it to he . int . visiting room 204 she be leave to sit in the visit room for half a hour . presently , a truck pull up the courtyard . she go to the window and look down . when the truck come to a stop , the back gate fall open . some soldier jump out and form a circle . then franz , in chain , be shove out so roughly that he fall to the ground . ext . courtyard 205 franz look up sharply as he hear he wife 's cry . he have no idea that she would be visit he . he look frantically about he . it be as though she voice have come to he from another world . int . visiting room 206 franz 's chain have be remove . he be take to the visit room , where he find he wife , fiirthauer and he defense attorney , feldman . franz be overcome with joy . he have long since reconcile himself to the fact that he might never see she again . fani throw herself into he arm . one of the guard pull she away . franz listen in silence as fani and furthauer , advise by feldman , urge he to sign a statement say he will agree to serve in the Army . ( improvise ) feldman you be do no one any good . will you not abandon this senseless position ? if you do , I 'il at once petition the court to stay the execution of you sentence . gi . feldman ( cont 'd ) but it must be do without delay today ! I be stick my neck out here . this could jeopardize my career -- if not my personal safety . fani be heartsick to see that trace of hunger and suffer in franz that he have attempt to hide from she . fani ( to feldman ) what will they gain by shoot he ? feldman tell you husband , not I ! fani do not he tell you that he would accept be assign to the medical corps ? feldman we begge he to do it . she turn to franz . do he prefer that she not know of this opportunity to save he life —- have he reject it ? furthauer the charge would be drop , I be sure , if you just change you stand . I beg you to . the war may soon be over . you might never have to face a situation that would call on you to do what you oppose . franz do not seem to hear , overjoy to see he wife again . she give up any effort to change he decision . she see that it would make no difference ; he have already make up he mind . franz you come . furthauer franz , you must . do not you see what 's come ? take the oath . franz be this why they let you come ? furthauer God do not care what you say . only what 's in you heart . say the oath , and think what you like . 207 208 92 . furthauer ( cont 'd ) have not you do as much as he could ever want ? franz who be you to lecture I on my duty ? why have you come here -- to distress I and my wife ! leave we in peace ! the guard end the meeting . it have be just twenty minute . fiirthauer give franz he bless . franz give fani a few piece of chocolate for the child . tenderly , franz take fani in he arm . the Guards look at each other . franz ( cont ’d ) fall I you understand . tell I you forgive I . so I can die . fani pretend -- pretend I do ? no ! but T love you . I always will . whatever you do ! whatever come ! even ... the Guards pull she away . fani ( cont ’d ) let I go . take you hand off I . guard do what I say . ext . train station - music 207 fani and fiirthauer board the train back to Austria . Music come in . fani ( 0.s. ) I have mean to tell you so many storey about life at home , T forget so much . you yourself be annoyed -- but the pastor mean well . do not lose heart ! warm greeting to you from you loving wife , fani , who be concerned about you . and many kiss ! be well ! see you agai int . franz 's cell ~ music 208 franz pace back and forth , in fear and tremble . 93 . franz 0.s. ( interior voice ) I want to give you all I have . you never ask for anything . it hurt that I have so little to give . sunlight in you . around you . have I be so good to you ? have you miss life ? can you miss it , the way you miss a train ? you , forgive I . where be you now ? * 209 aboard train - music 209 fani sit on the train with fiirthauer . it have not yet leave the station . some child be play in a vacant lot nearby . furthauer ( haunt , shake ) I hope I do not upset he . I do . fani you always say that if we live a good life , we would be happy ! it seem that do so might bring you suffer instead . sorrow ! furthauer ( after a silence ) it be terrible to represent Christianity , as I do , and not * really to be a Christian . not yet . * I know what one be . but if you set it forth in all its truth , people would revolt against it . this collar do not protect I from hypocrisy . we have make the church * into the theater . I , a actor ! the world will have no benefit from my have live . I will just have help it go on deceive itself . the world want to be deceive . he look at fani in despair . * 210 montage 210 over fani 's return home , we hear franz 's letter in response to she visit : franz ( 0.s. ) you make a great sacrifice by come here . 94 . franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it would have spare you much pain and expense if my defense attorney have not write to you . I still have not receive a statement that my death sentence have be confirm . to be sure , I receive great joy from we reunion , but not from the fact that you have to make such a great sacrifice . it bring I pain that we could speak so briefly . I be not angry with the pastor . I ask he forgiveness for all my unnecessary word to he . I want to spare you the suffer that you have borne for I . franz offer he food to another inmate ; a man who seem never to have expect mercy from another human be . he receive franz 's portion with suspicion and distrust , convinced that franz be a fool . guard you give he you food . franz ( 0.s. ) dear wife , do you believe that all would go well for I if I be to tell a lie in order to prolong my life ? how we final hour will be , we do not know . or what struggle we must pass through . back in radegund , fani read franz 's letter out loud to resie , who though she believe all this be unnecessary , yet must admit : resie he love you . I love he for it . 211 int . franza cell 211 the Guard find franz alone in he cell . guard I be just try to be a father . raise a son . work hard . up early . you think you be better than I be ? can not call in sick on Monday . no holiday . do my duty . so my family can slee , ( slapping franz 's face ) turn the other cheek ? guard ( cont 'd ) I stand by my brother and sister . proudly . when my land 's in danger ! you offend I . franz why ? the Guard step on franz 's hand . guard how do that feel ? you think I care ? you think that if you look at I that way I 'il stop ? do you ? who can stop I ? franz no one . guard I can do what I like with you . 95 . you be nothing to I . nobody would know . Care . nobody lift a hand to stop I . I have power . put on air ! no one hear , my little friend ! no one care . nobody 's mind the store . the guard attack he , knock he to the ground , and kick he in the mouth . guard ( cont ’d ) the sharp judge wait for you . they take off you shoe , sock . tie you hand behind you back . then no wife ! no child ! you offend I . what do you say now ? be you the wisest man in the world ? do you better know less ? a peasant ! he strike he again , stung that franz will he . guard ( cont ’d ) it 's good manners to scream . to beg ! to say : '' mercy , Father ! 1/11 pray for you good health ! " say it ! '' please , stop ! I worship you ! the ground you walk on . '' do not look around . there 's no God here . Inside this wall ! where ? where do you see he ? I be you God . not plead with 96 . franz ( 0.s. ) ( to fani ) so much can change . so much go differently from what we would like ... guard do you forgive I ? franz yes. guard how dare you ? he strike franz in the eye . guard ( cont 'd ) do not think I would do that , do you ! franz I be not afraid of you . he strike franz again . guard do anyone see ? be you a man ? ( hold franz to the wall ) you God do not -- hear you . he 's put you in we hand . alone . you be alone ! franz no . guard you look in my eye when you talk to I . bad manners ! look down ! franz will die with no expectation that he sacrifice will make the slight difference to anyone . for he neighbor , the refusal of army service be a act of folly , a sin against he family , he community , and even he church , which have call on no one to refuse military service . he know that , beyond he family and community , he death will go entirely unnotice , have no impact on the Nazi movement or hasten the end of the war . he will be forget . who might remember or care about the vain gesture of a uneducate farmer ? one more name among the million whom the Nazis have execute . 212 213 214 97 . image of death , fear 212 image of death crowd into he mind : the open cell door ( he could walk out ) , a stairwell lead down from the cellblock into the darkness , the hay - scythe cut through the grass , and , last of all , the train from he dream of year ago . franz ( 0.s. ) today the sentence be confirm . int . cell 213 fr. kreutzberg sit across from he . kreutzberg other have do the same . last year . franz brighten at this news . kreutzberg speak softly , to avoid be overhear . kreutzberg ( cont 'd ) I use to think that if you love other rightly , all would go well for you . do it go well for Christ ? now I see : if you want happy day , do not get involved with he . it bring trouble . he look at franz in awe . int . tegel prison 214 the prosecutor have come out to tegel to read franz the document confirm he death sentence . he explain that the next day the judgment will be carry out . kreutzberg and a doctor be also present . prosecutor lar ( 0.s. ) the criminal nature of he action will not be suspend due to he belief ( section 48 mstgb ) ... the accuse be completely normal , no sign that would ... later , fr. kreutzberg nod at the letter still lie on the desk . franz have only to sign it . 215 216 217 218 98. int . franz' cell 215 franz spend he last night on earth overwhelm with anguish and doubt . in the morning , two guard come to fetch he . his shoe and sock be take off , he hand bound behind he back . all be just as he be tell it would be . prosecutor lar ( 0.s. ) ... sufficiently inform about the duty of a german soldier ... tenanciously refuse to fulfill he patriotic duty as a soldier during Germany 's struggle for survival . ext . tegel courtyard ( 9 august 1943 ) 216 the prisoner look down in silence as franz be lead to the that will take he to the execution site at brandenburg gérden . several other condemn man , stranger , crowd into the back with he . int . J house , ST . R 217 fani have receive a last letter from franz . she read it to the child . franz ( 0.s. ) dearest wife ! and all my love one ! this morning , at approximately 5:30 , I have to get dress immediately , for a car be wait . I go with other condemn prisoner on the ride from tegel to brandenburg . we do not know what will happen to we . at noon someone tell I that the verdict would be confirm at 2:00 p.m. , and that it would be fully enact at 4:00 p.m . int . moving car 218 the condemn ride in silence . one of they , a 19 - year- old boy , look at franz as though to ask : '' will I not escape ? '' 219 220 99 . ext . brandenburg , courtyard and garage 219 they descend from the truck at brandenburg prison . at the end of a courtyard stand a old garage . it be here that the execution take place . briefly , in the distance , the sharp judge appear -- dress like a dandy in tail and a top hat , and smoking a cigarette . the condemn be give write material . josef who do I write to ? my family 's go . all take courage from franz 's example . franz ( 0.s. ) I want to write all of you a few word of farewell . I be deeply grateful for everything that you have do for I in my life — — for all the love and sacrifice which you have show I . and I ask you once again to forgive I for everything that I have make you suffer ... I ask everyone else , whom I at some time have pain and hurt , to forgive I . especially the pastor with my word as he visit with I . it be not possible for I to free you , dearest wife and mother , from the sorrow that you have suffer for I . int . J house ( ST . R ) 220 fani read franz 's letter to the child . fani ( 0.s. ) give my warm greeting to my dear child . do not forget I in you prayer . and may we see each other soon . greeting to all of you before he last journey from you husband , son , and father , son - in - law and brother - in - law . heart and my heart be one , bound for time and eternity . rosi , the eldest girl , see she mother in distress . what be she do , hide she face that way ? 221 222 100 . the young sister play , oblivious , as with a solemn awe rosi get she first glimpse of human suffer and wonder what may lie ahead for she , and for they all . ext . courtyard 221 fr. kreutzberg offer to read to franz , but he shake he head , prefer to sit in silence . the pastor marvel at how franz remain at peace through he final hour ; calm , prepare . no word of fear or complaint pass he lip . his eye shine with a strange joy . ext . garage ( execution site ) 222 the condemn be lead to the outbuild that in the past be use as a garage . there be still a few old tire lie around , wrench , the rusted part of a disassembled transmission . the man -- 18 of they -- stand in a long row , several meter from each other . in front of the execution chamber there be a bench , where three may sit at a time . guard they call it the Devil 's bench . the humor go unappreciate . as each man stand up to be lead into the garage , fr. kreutzberg come to he , give he a cross to kiss and pray with he . the condemn man be lead by two sergeant into the room . there be a small table , on it a cross between two burn candle . behind the table stand the prosecutor , a clerk of the court , a doctor and the priest . two executioner step up behind the condemn man , he personal detail be read out once again , with the judgment against he . across the whole room hang a black curtain . it be just as they describe it to franz . in front of the curtain , the sharp judge . the prosecutor call out : prosecutor lar sharp judge , fulfill you office ! the curtain rise . the scaffold become visible . the guillotine rise above it . then the curtain close 223 224 101 . it happen that franz find himself next to josef , who , tremble , turn he back to the instrument , look up into franz 's face and thanks he : josef * I be not afraid of anything while I be with you . not if they make it quick . franz they will . they speak as if they be alone . Eye to eye , heart to heart , at one point hand in hand . stranger who have come together on life 's dark highway , to make they way home together . josef what do you see ? he be strike by the strange look in franz 's eye . josef ( cont ’d ) * you comfort I . I be so ignorant . May I kiss you ? have the moment * come ? franz yes . he kiss franz on the cheek . the young man 's hand do not tremble . there be a bright constancy in he face . he go first , and be go . * franz ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be strong , my wife ! I will wait for you ! he step forward . * int . live room , J house , ST . R 223 fani look up as the clock strike four . rosalia 224 franz 's mother regret she harshness towards she daughter - in - law . now she have no one else . rosalia forgive I ! you have be good to I , and to my son . and I have not be good to you ! 225 226 227 228 229 102 . she kiss fani 's hand . franz ( 0.s. ) mother ! Children ! resie 225 fani throw herself into she sister 's arm . fan I do not understand ! fade to : ext . ST . R church 226 against the prosecutor 's order that there be nothing do to honor franz 's memory , a neighbor go into the church and , grasp a rope that hang down from the ceiling , in a small act of defiance , begin to ring the bell , as franz once do . the Mayor look up from a chair in he garden . unmove , indifferent . the policeman weep , alone . ext . field 227 the toll of the bell reach out through the field , gather the villager into a single body . ext . fortress ( burg ) 228 the fortress stand in silence . fade to : ext . rectory , ST . R square 229 fani speak with fr. furthauer outside the rectory , conscious of the glance of two villager in the distance . fani I have lose a good husband . a good father -- for my child . we marriage be one of the happiest in the parish . people envied we ! 230 103 . fani ( cont ’d ) we beautiful union be lose . already I look forward -- to where no war can ever separate we again !... with great respect , from the depth of my heart , I wish you good for all you have do —- for my dear husband ! she turn and go away . ext . field - fani and resie , gleaning 230 fani and resie work they way through a field of barley , cut the stalk with a sickle and lay they out in windrow . fani I think you just have to be good . be not he ? franz ! her sister take she hand . fani ( cont ’d ) a time will come when we will know what all this be for -- why there 's all this suffer . and there 'il be no mystery . well know why we live . Far away they hear sing . the neighbor be work in they field . the life of the land go on . ' the end best picture produce by grant hill , P. dario bergesio josh jeter , p.g.a. elisabeth bentley best director terrence malick best original screenplay terrence malick best actor best actress august diehl valerie pachner best Film editing rehman nizar ali joe gleason sebastian jone best cinematography joerg widmer director of photography best production Design sebastian krawinkel production designer yesim zolan set decorator best costume Design lisy christl costume designer best sound mixing brad engleking re-record mixer stephen urata additional re-record mixer best sound editing brad engleking supervise sound editor best makeup and hairstyl waldemar pokromski makeup & Hair designer bpr es eg mens trash to egal on n pree eee pee 4 ' any means , or quoted or published npa sm nee a= pomerat oot uag amis aoe no