" he girl friday " screenplay by Charles lederer base on the play " the Front page " by Ben hecht and Charles macarthur 1939 shoot draft fade in : int . anteroom close shot switchboard two telephone operator sit at switchboard busy plugging in and out answer call . 1st operator this be the Morning Post ... the City room ? just a moment , I will connect you . ( plug in call ) 2 nd operator Morning Post ... Sports Department ? just a moment -- ( plug in call ) camera pull back to disclose the rest of the anteroom . to camera leave be the elevator -- at back wall directly behind switchboard be chair and a table for visitor . next to switchboard be stair lead downward to the next floor . a waist-high iron grill with a gate in it separate the switchboard from the anteroom , a similar grill separate it again from the city room which stretch on beyond switchboard . at a table in the switchboard enclosure sit a office boy , about fifteen , do a crossword puzzle . the big clock on the back wall show that it be nearly one o'clock . close shot office boy as he bend over paper . we catch a glimpse of the square of a crossword puzzle . mo . shot as a reporter come out of the City room , clanging gate to behind he . the office boy look up . office boy what 's a seven-letter word for --? reporter do not ask I ! if I know any seven - letter word , I would be something better than a reporter ! he catch a glimpse of the far elevator go down . reporter hey ! down ! down ! mo . shot elevator as reporter run in to the close elevator door and pound on it . it come back , the door open , and he get in . the door close , as elevator go down . the near elevator come up and discharge hildy Johnson and Bruce baldwin . Bruce carry a umbrella and wear a raincoat . mo . close shot table office boy look over he puzzle as hildy and Bruce come into the scene . hildy ( with a smile ) hello , skinny . remember I ? office boy ( look up ; then a glow smile ) hildy Johnson ! close shot switchboard hildy approach the switchboard . hildy ( to operator ) hello , maisie . the first operator look up . maisie hello -- hildy ! you come back ? hildy no , just visit . tell I , be the lord of the universe in today ? maisie he be -- and in a very bad humor . I think somebody steal one of he crown jewel . shall I announce you ? hildy no , never mind -- I will blow my own trumpet . three shot bruce , hildy and operator hildy turn to Bruce . hildy I will not be more than ten minute , I promise you . bruce even ten minute be a long time to be away from you . we hear a giggle off scene . close shot office boy he look towards Bruce and hildy and giggle . two shot bruce and hildy hildy what do you say , Bruce ? Bruce , embarrassed , look at the office boy , then look back at hildy as they turn toward second gate lead into City room . bruce I say -- uh -- I say even ten minute -- be a long time -- to be away from you . hildy do not be embarrassed , Bruce . I hear it , but I just want to hear it again . I can stand be spoiled a little . the gentleman I be go to have a chat with do very little spoil . bruce ( grimly ) I would like to spoil he just once . sure you do not want I to go in with you ? hildy my job , Bruce . I start it -- and I will finish it . bruce I suppose you be right -- but if it get rough , remember I be here . hildy I will come a-run , pardner . she start to push open the iron-grilled gate lead into the City room . Bruce quickly spring forward and open it for she . hildy smile . hildy thanks , Bruce . she kiss he cheek and walk through . he look after she . the office boy whistle . Bruce pay no attention , but stare after hildy . medium shot - shoot down length of CITY room hildy start to walk through City room . trucking shot - hildy as she walk the length of the City room . it 's a long walk , because it 's a room that take up practically the whole floor . the scene be a busy one . but , gradually , as hildy start down , one after another recognize she . there be cry of : " hildy ! " " hello , hildy " , etc. , from the man as hildy go straight down the aisle . she never stop but wave she own greeting : " Jim ! " " hi , good-look ! " " Laura " " hullo , pop " " nan ! " " Eddie ! " " hello , Mac " " Pete ! " " Frank " " oscar ! " , and get response from each of they . one man be bent over he desk read he copy -- he be stand up . hildy slap he as she go by . he turn around : " say , who do that ? " as he see hildy : " hello , hildy ! " hildy : " hi , Jake . " she pass a middle - age woman , almost a edna May Oliver type , seat at a desk pound out copy and smoking a cigarette . as hildy come up to she she slap the woman on the back . hildy hello , beatrice . how 's " advice to the lovelorn " ? beatrice ( look up ) hildy ! I will be a monkey 's uncle ! what be you do here ? hildy Point of information -- what do a girl say on meeting she divorced husband ? or : ( what do a girl do , etc . ) beatrice ( illustrate ) my advice be duck and cross with you right . hildy move on . camera truck with her to the end of the room where she pause before the frost glass partition which separate walter burn ' office from the rest of the City room . int . burn ' office long shot as she open the door . burn be shave with a electric razor and louie be hold the mirror up in front of he . close shot burn shave , louie hold the mirror . louie a little more round the chin , boss . medium shot there be a sound of the door close and burn , without look up , say : burn what do you want ? hildy why , I be surprised , Mr. burn . that 's no way to talk to you wife -- even if she 's no longer you wife . burn ( grin ) hello , hildy ! hildy hello , walter . ( to louie ) hi , louie -- how 's the slotmachine king ? louie oh , I be not do that any more . I be retire . I be one of you fella now -- a newspaper man . hildy editorial ? burn get go , louie . I get company . the door fly open and duffy come busting in . duffy walter ! burn I be busy , duffy . duffy well , you be not too busy to know that the Governor have not sign that reprieve ! burn what ? duffy and that mean Earl Williams die tomorrow morning and make a sucker out of we ! burn you be crazy . where 's Mac ? duffy he 's on my phone . he just call I . burn they can not do that to I ! he grab the phone on he desk : burn give I that call on duffy 's wire ! hello -- mac? burn . where 's the Governor ? -- what do you mean , you can not locate he ? ( apparently plead to the one man in the world who can help he ) Mac , you know what this mean . we be the only paper in town defend Earl Williams and if he hang tomorrow we be wash up ! find the Governor and when you find he tell he we want that reprieve !... tell he I elect he and I can have he impeach ! sure , you can do it , Mac -- I know you can . I always say you be the great reporter in the country and now you can prove it . get go ! attaboy ! he hang up . burn ( to duffy , sarcastically ) the great reporter in the country ! first I gotta tell he what news to get ! gotta tell he how to get it -- then I gotta write it for he afterward ! now if you be a decent City editor -- close shot duffy and burn with louie and hildy in the b.g. duffy do not blame I . I be City editor in name only . you do all the hire around here . burn yeah ! well , I do the fire , too . remember that , duffy , and keep a civil tongue in you head . medium shot hildy I do not like to interfere with business , but would you boy pardon we while we have a little heart - to - heart talk ? duffy and louie ( together ) well -- but I gotta -- they look at burn . burn scram , you guy . they start to go . hildy you will not miss anything . you will probably be able to hear he just as well outside as here . they go . hildy mind if I sit down ? hildy sit . close shot duffy and louie go out of the door . they cast a interested look back and linger a second . over scene come burn ' voice . burn ' voice I say scram ! they close the door hurriedly . mo . close shot burn and hildy hildy May I have a cigarette , please ? burn reach into he pocket , extract a cigarette and toss it on the desk . hildy reach for it . hildy thanks . a match ? burn delve into pocket again , come up with matchbox , toss it to hildy , who catch it deftly , and strike the match . burn how long be it ? hildy finish lighting she cigarette , take a puff , and fan out the match . hildy how long be what ? burn you know what . how long since we have see each other ? hildy let 's see . I be in reno six week -- then bermuda ... oh , about four month , I guess . seem like yesterday to I . closeup burn burn ( slyly ) maybe it be yesterday . be see I in you dream ? medium close shot the two hildy ( casually ) no -- mama do not dream about you any more , walter . you would not know the old girl now . burn ( with conviction ) oh , yes I would . I would know you any time -- he grow lyrical and , rise from he seat , be about to start toward she , as he continue : burn and hildy ( together ) -- any place , anywhere -- he sit . hildy ( half -pityingly ) you be repeat yourself ! that 's the speech you make the night you propose . ( she burlesque he fervor ) " -- any time -- any place -- anywhere ! " close shot hildy and burn burn ( growl ) I notice you still remember it . hildy I will always remember it . if I have not remember it , I would not have divorced you . burn you know , hildy , I sort of wish you have not do it . hildy done what ? burn divorce I . it sort of make a fellow lose faith in himself . it almost give he a feel he be not want . hildy Holy mackerel ! look , walter , that 's what divorce be for . burn nonsense . you have get the old - fashioned idea that divorce be something that last forever -- till ' death we do part ' . why , a divorce do not mean anything today . it 's only a few word mumble over you by a judge . we have get something between we nothing can change . hildy I suppose that 's true in a way . I be fond of you , walter . I often wish you be not such a stinker . burn now , that 's a nice thing to say . hildy well , why do you promise I you would not fight the divorce and then try and gum up the whole work ? burn well , I mean to let you go -- but , you know , you never miss the water till the well run dry . another angle hildy a fellow you age , hire a airplane to write : ( she gesture above to indicate sky - write ) ' hildy : do not be hasty -- remember my dimple . walter .! it hold thing up twenty minute while the judge run out to watch it . burn well , I do not want to brag , but I have still get the dimple -- and in the same place -- I just act like any husband who do not want to see he home break up . hildy what home ? walter what home ? do not you remember the home I promise you ? hildy oh , yes -- we be to have it right after we honeymoon -- honeymoon ! burn be it my fault ? do I know that coal mine be go to have another cave - in ? I mean to be with you on we honeymoon , hildy -- honest I do . hildy all I know be that instead of two week in Atlantic City with my bridegroom , I spend two week in a coal mine with John kruptzky -- age sixty - three -- get food and air out of a tube ! you do not deny that . do you ? burn deny it ! I be proud of it ! we beat the whole country on that story . hildy well , suppose we do ? that be not what I get marry for . what 's the good of -- look , walter , I come up here to tell you that you will have to stop phone I a dozen time a day -- send twenty telegram -- all the rest of it , because I be -- burn let 's not fight , hildy . tell you what . you come back to work on the paper and if we find we can not get along in a friendly way , we will get marry again . hildy what ?!! burn I have not any hard feeling . hildy walter , you be wonderful in a loathesome sort of way . now , would you mind keep quiet long enough for I to tell you what I come up here for ? burn ( rise , reach for he hat ) sure , come on . we will have some lunch and you can tell I everything . hildy ( also rise ) I have a lunch date . I just want -- burn you can break it , can not you ? hildy no , I can not . burn sure you can . come on . different angle hildy do not tell I what to do ! we be divorced -- I be a free woman . you be not my husband and you be not my boss ! and what 's more , you be not go to be my boss . burn what do you mean by that ? hildy just what I say . that 's what I -- burn you mean you be not come back to work here ? hildy that 's the first time you have be right today . that 's what I -- burn ( still interrupt ) you have have a better offer , eh ? hildy you bet I have get a better offer . burn well , go on and take it . work for somebody else ! that 's the gratitude I get for -- hildy I know , walter , but I -- burn ( ignore she ) what be you when you come here five year ago ? a little college girl from a School of journalism ! I take a little doll - face mugg -- hildy you would not have take I if I have not be doll - face ! burn why should I ? I think it would be a novelty to have a face around here a man could look at without shudder . hildy listen , walter -- burn ( go right on ) I make a great reporter out of you , hildy , but you will not be half as good on any other paper , and you know it . you need I and I need you -- and the paper need both of we . hildy well , the paper will have to learn to do without I . and so will you . it just do not work out , walter . wider angle burn it would have work if you would be satisfied with just be editor and reporter . but no ! you have to marry I and spoil everything . hildy ( indignantly ) I be not satisfied ! I suppose I propose to you ! burn well , you practically do ! make goo - goo eye at I for two year till I break down . and I still claim I be tight the night I propose . if you would be a gentleman you would have forget all about it . but not you ! hildy ( speechless ) you -- you -- she grab something and chuck it at he . he duck . the phone ring . burn ( to hildy ) you be lose you eye . you use to be able to pitch better than that . ( he reach for phone ) hello ... yeah ... what ? sweeney ? well , what can I do for you ? close shot duffy seat at he desk , talk into phone . duffy what 's the matter with you ? be you drunk ? this be duffy , not sweeney ! close shot burn and hildy burn into phone : burn sweeney ! you can not do that to I ! not today , of all day ! jumping jehosophat ! oh , no , sweeney ... well , I suppose so ... all right . if you have to , you have to . ( he hang up ) how do you like that ? everything happen to I -- with 365 day in the year -- this have to be the day . hildy what 's the matter ? burn sweeney . hildy Dead ? burn not yet . might just as well be . the only man on the paper who can write -- and he wife pick this morning to have a baby ! close shot hildy hildy sweeney ? ( she laugh ) well , after all , he do not do it on purpose , do he ? close shot burn and hildy burn I do not care whether he do or not . he 's suppose to be cover the Earl Williams case and there he be -- wait at the hospital ! be there no sense of honor leave in this country ? hildy ( practically ) well , have not you get anybody else ? burn there 's nobody else on the paper who can write ! this will break I , unless -- ( he stare at hildy ; then a light break ) hildy ! hildy no ! burn you have get to help I , hildy . hildy keep away -- burn it will bring we together again , hildy -- just the way we use to be . hildy that 's what I be afraid of . " any time -- any place -- anywhere ! " burn do not mock , hildy , this be bigger than anything that 's happen to we . do not do it for I ! do it for the paper . hildy get away , svengali . burn if you will not do it for love , how about money ? forget the other offer and I will raise you twenty - five buck a week . hildy listen , you bumble-head baboon -- burn all right -- thirty - five , and not a cent more ! hildy please ! will you just -- burn great grief ! what 's that other paper go to give you ? hildy I be not work for any other paper ! burn oh ! in that case , the raise be off and you go back to you old salary and like it . try to blackjack -- hildy look at this ! ( pull she glove off she leave hand ) closeup hildy she get glove off leave hand and hold up a engagement ring for he to see . hildy do you see this ? do you know what a engagement ring be ? closeup burn he look at ring , swallow , then : mo . shot burn and hildy . hildy I try to tell you right away but you start reminisc . I be get marry , walter , and also get as far away from the newspaper business as I can get ! I be through . burn ( himself again ) get marry all you want to , hildy , but you can not quit the newspaper business . hildy you can not sell I that , walter . burn who say I can not ? you be a newspaper man . hildy that 's why I be quit . I want to go some place where I can be a woman . burn I know you , hildy , and I know what it would mean . it would kill you . closer shot hildy ( bitterly ) a journalist ! peek through keyhole -- run after fire engine -- waking people up in the middle of the night to ask they if they think Hitler 's go to start a war -- steal picture off old lady of they daughter that get chase by apemen ! I know all about reporter -- a lot of daffy buttinsky go around without a nickel in they pocket , and for what ? so a million hire girl and motormen 's wife will know what 's go on ! no , walter , I be through . burn where would you meet this man ? hildy bermuda . burn bermuda ... Rich , eh ? hildy not what you would call rich . make about five thousand a year . burn what 's he line ? hildy he 's in the insurance business . burn ( look up ) the insurance business ? hildy ( on the defensive ) it 's a good , honest business , be not it ? another angle burn oh sure , it 's honest . but somehow , I can not picture you with a guy who sell policy . hildy well , I can , and I love it ! he forget the office when he 's with I . he do not treat I like a errand - boy -- he treat I like a woman . burn he do , do he ? how do I treat you -- like a water buffalo ? hildy I do not know about water buffaloe , but I know about he . he 's kind and sweet and considerate . he want a home -- and child . burn say , sound more like a guy I ought to marry . what 's he name ? hildy well , I will give you a hint . by tomorrow they will be call I Mrs. Bruce baldwin . burn tomorrow ? tomorrow ... as quick as that ? hildy the quick the better . well -- I finally get out what I come in to tell you . ( she extend she hand ) so long , walter , and better luck next time . burn ( take she hand ) I wish you everything I could not give you , hildy . hildy thanks ... burn too bad I could not see this guy first . I be pretty particular about whom my wife marries . hildy ( laugh ) well , he 's wait in the anteroom for I now . burn say , could I meet he ? hildy oh , better not , walter . would not do any good . burn you be not afraid , be you ? hildy afraid ? I should say not ! burn all right then , come on and let 's see this paragon . ( get hat ) be he as good as you say ? hildy better . mo . shot office burn have he hat . they start toward the door . burn then what do he want with you ? hildy ( laugh ) now you get I . burn nothing personal . I be just ask . at the door , burn walk ahead , open door and walk out . int . corridor outside burn ' office mo . close shot burn burn after all -- he stop as he realize she 's not there . the door open . hildy come out . hildy you would not believe this , walter , but Bruce hold the door open for I . burn ( incredulous ) no kid ? int . CITY room full shot Reporters converse . they stop as hildy and burn enter scene . trucking shot as hildy follow burn through the City room . this time , in contrast to hildy 's original walk through the room , the group be silent as they watch the two . hildy ( try to keep pace ) and he take he hat off when he 's with a lady . burn ( over he shoulder ) what for ? hildy ( shouting ) and when he walk with a lady , he wait for she ! burn ( stop ) oh , I be sorry . burn , at this point , have reach the switchboard . he say , under he breath , to maisie : burn ( under he breath ) have duffy call I in the restaurant in twenty minute . hildy , a little out of breath , catch up with he . at the iron gate that open into anteroom hildy jump ahead , open the gate and hold it for burn . hildy allow I . burn ( walk right through ) thanks . hildy follow he out . int . anteroom mo . shot as hildy follow burn in . Bruce be sit on the bench . on the end of a bench sit a old , grizzle western Union " boy " . ignoring Bruce , burn stride over to the " boy " , seize he hand , shake it and say : burn I can see right away my wife pick out the right husband for herself . close shot bruce hildy behind he . Bruce register amazement at this . close shot burn and messenger the messenger be more amaze than Bruce as burn keep pump he hand vigorously . messenger there must be some mistake . I be already marry . burn ( you never see a more surprised man ) already marry ! ( turn to hildy o.s . ) hildy , why do not you tell I ? closeup hildy she shake she head at burn ' antic , but can not help smile nevertheless . medium shot burn and messenger burn ( again seize messenger 's hand ) congratulation again , Mr. baldwin ! messenger but my name -- bruce ( as he enter scene ) Mr. burn ! burn turn slightly but do not release messenger 's hand . burn yeah ? you will have to excuse I -- I be busy with Mr. Bruce baldwin here . just leave you card with the boy . close shot bruce and burn Bruce take hold of burn ' coat and shake it to get he attention . burn turn on he : burn I be very sorry , but I be busy ! look -- ( he point o.s . ) -- there 's the boy . take you card and leave it with he . he turn away again . Bruce , determinedly , take hold of he sleeve and pull at it . bruce Mr. burn -- burn ( wheeling around ) I have just tell you I be busy with Mr. Bruce baldwin ! bruce I be Bruce baldwin ! medium shot burn , still pump the daze messenger 's hand , stop at this , drop hand , and turn to Bruce : burn you be Bruce baldwin ? bruce yes ! burn ( accuse to messenger ) then who be you ? messenger ( falteringly ) my name 's Pete Davis . burn Pete Davis ! well , Mr. Davis , this be no concern of yours and after this I will thank you to keep out of my affair ! the messenger be not quite sure what he 's do but he slink back to he seat as burn turn to Bruce . closeup hildy she be beginning to get sore , but reluctantly again she be compel to smile at walter 's behavior . close shot burn and bruce burn ( reach for Bruce 's hand but grab the umbrella and begin shaking the handle up and down ) this be a pleasure , Mr. baldwin , and I be sorry about the mistake . bruce ( he try to shift the umbrella , call burn ' attention to it , and offer he hand instead ) burn oh , I think there be something funny ... you see , Bruce , you do not mind if I call you Bruce , do you ? after all , we be practically related -- bruce ( completely unnerve by this time , and you can not quite blame he ) Mr. -- well -- no -- no -- not at all . burn you see , my wife -- I mean , you wife -- that be , I mean hildy -- have lead I to expect that she be marrying a much older man . bruce ( this be the final crusher ) oh. burn but I see , she do not mean old in year . you always carry a umbrella , Bruce ? bruce well , er -- it look a little cloudy this morning . burn that 's right . -- rubber , too , I hope ? a man ought to be prepare for any emergency . burn look down . Bruce , in unconscious response , helplessly lift he foot up and we see the rubber . burn attaboy ! ( take Bruce 's arm and lead he toward elevator ) come on , Bruce . bruce ( go along , but worried ) where be we go ? burn where be we go ? I be go to buy you two lunch -- do not hildy tell you ? bruce ( a helpless look back at hildy ) no -- she do not . burn just want to surprise you , I guess . ( as the elevator be about to pass , he call ) down ! ( practically shove Bruce in ) after you , Bruce ! ( as Bruce disappear inside he turn toward hildy ) come on , hildy , my treat ! close shot burn near OPEN elevator we do not see the passenger . hildy come into scene . hildy I suppose I can not call this off without create a scene -- but remember , it 's you last fling . burn ( hurt ) how do you like that ? here I be be nice to you and you sweet - heart and that 's the thanks I get ! he jump into the elevator -- in a second he hop out . burn ( very sweetly -- he almost sing it ) oh -- after you , hildy ! with a look of disgust hildy get in . burn follow and the door slam on they . closeup office boy he look after depart elevator and whistle . then he grin all over . dissolve to : int . restaurant closeup - a beaming waiter he grins all over and say : waiter do not tell I it 's you , hildy ! camera pull back and disclose we three at a restaurant table . nothing swanky -- a place like Jack blake 's in New York , say . hildy ( beam at waiter ) nobody else . she extend she hand . the waiter take it ; they shake . hildy how 's everything , Gus ? gus I can not complain . burn ( study menu ) well , I can . I be hungry . roast beef sandwich -- rare . and some coffee . gus shall I put a little rum in the coffee ? it 's a nasty day . burn good idea . how about you , hildy ? hildy ( discard menu ) oh -- I will take the same , I guess . and coffee . gus Little rum in yours , too ? hildy I guess so . Bruce look at she . she hurriedly change she mind . hildy no -- just coffee , Gus . gus ( crestfallen ) just coffee . ( to Bruce ) and you , sir ? bruce ( put menu down ) oh , I will take the same , I guess . and a glass of milk . gus ( incredulous ) milk ? bruce ( think he have not hear ) yes . gus ( shaking he head as he write it down ) milk . burn and do not put any rum in it , Gus . closeup - gus Gus give he a look and go . another angle - the trio at table burn survey the other quizzically . burn ( a sigh ) well , so you be get marry tomorrow , eh ? how do it feel , Bruce ? bruce feel awful good . yes , sir -- we be take the four o'clock train to albany and tomorrow we will be marry . burn ( it 's the puritan in he ) take the train today -- and be marry tomorrow ? he whistle . bruce ( rise to the bait ) oh , it be not like that . hildy ( reassure Mrs. grundy ) it will be perfectly all right , walter . mother be come with we on the train . burn mother ? but you mother -- bruce no . my mother . burn ( he get it and underline it ) oh. you mother -- well , of course , that relieve my mind . hildy ( to Bruce ) be not it sweet of walter -- still want to protect I ? she give burn that too-sweet look . burn ( apparently take this at face value ) I know I be not a good husband , hildy , but you can always count on I . two shot - featuring bruce and hildy bruce ( a little cookily ) I do not think she will need you very much -- I aim to do most of the protect myself . he pat hildy 's arm -- she smile at he . three shot - hildy , bruce and burn burn well , I will tell you one thing , old man , she never look at I the way she 's look at you . hildy I might have , walter , but you be never there . burn anyway , I be glad you two be go to be happy and have all the thing I could not give she . you know , hildy be about the best reporter in the country -- and that go regardless of sex . but all she really ever want be a home . bruce well , I will try to give she one . burn I know you will , Bruce . be you go to live with you mother ? bruce just for the first year . burn ( sighing ) that will be nice . a home with mother . a real honeymoon . in albany , too . ow ! that " ow " be sotto voce , but it 's the direct result of a kick under the table from hildy . bruce mighty nice little town , albany . they have get the State Capitol there , you know . burn yes , I know ... ( he chuckle ) hildy , will you ever forget the night you bring the Governor back to you hotel room and find I take a bath ? she do not even know I be in town ... his laugh stop cold and he clutches for he shin again . hildy just look . providentially , the waiter enter the scene . gus well , here we be . he begin serve they . burn ( try to pick up again after a second ) how 's business , Bruce ? bruce well , albany 's a mighty good insurance town . most people there take it out pretty early in life . burn I do not blame they . Gus , who have just manage to come between hildy and burn , let out a startle " ouch " . hildy oh , I be sorry , Gus ! my foot must have slip . gus ( a pain expression bely he word ) that 's all right . burn I sometimes wish I would take out insurance -- but , of course , now it do not matter . still , I suppose it would have be the smart thing to do . bruce well , I honestly feel that way . I figure I be in one line of business that really help people . of course , we do not help you much when you be alive -- but afterward -- that 's what count . burn I see what you mean . they fall to . close shot - hildy she sip she coffee and act surprised . hildy Gus , this -- closeup - gus gus ( winking ) good coffee , be not it ? closeup - hildy she smile and wink back , and take another sip . group shot at table Gus start to go . bruce you have forget my milk . gus oh . the milk . yes . he leave scene , shaking he head . burn sip he coffee . he like it . he lift he cup to hildy . burn here 's luck to the bride and bridegroom . hildy ( lift cup ) thank you . bruce ( look for something to respond with -- apologetically ) he have not bring my milk yet . a bus boy come into scene and stop before burn . bus boy they want you on the phone , Mr. burn . burn they would ! Boy go , burn rise , start off , come back for he cup of coffee , which he then take off with he . two shot - bruce and hildy bruce ( look after he ) you know , hildy , he 's not a bad fellow . hildy ( look at he maternally ) you be so nice , Bruce , you think everybody else be . bruce oh , he 's not the man for you . I can see that . but I sort of like he . get a lot of charm . hildy he come by it naturally . his grandfather be a snake . bruce ( shaking he head ) if anybody have tell I I would be sit at lunch with he -- but he sweep I right off my foot . hildy that 's what he do to I . swept I right off my foot -- and leave I lie on the floor . int . phone booth full shot burn be listen , have coffee on ledge and sip it now and then . burn get this -- get sweeney off that yarn and out of town on a two week ' vacation -- and right away ... all right , duffy , keep you shirt on . hildy 's come back ... no . she do not know it yet . but she will be there . I promise you , duffy . and tell louie to stick around . he hang up , smile , and finish the coffee . then he gird himself for be crush . he gradually begin to look sink . he pull out a small mirror to study he expression till he finally get what he want . he hold that expression as he come out of the booth . int . restaurant mo . shot at table Gus be enter the scene . gus you milk , sir . he serve Bruce . gus and I bring you another cup of coffee , hildy . Gus serve she and put still another cup in front of burn ' chair . hildy thanks , Gus . she take a sip and almost choke . bruce too hot ? hildy ( gasp for breath ) no . it 's strong . ( quickly ) but I like it that way . Gus go , smile . bruce ( look off ) say , what 's happen to burn ? he look sink , do not he ? hildy ( beam ) he certainly -- hic -- do ! burn come into scene , look like a 1929 banker just before jump off a roof , and sit down . bruce anything the matter ? burn just sweeney again . one of my best reporter . hildy what now ? burn his wife have twin and he go out to celebrate and get as drunk as a lord . they can not even find he . ( he sip he coffee ) I tell you , drink be the ruin of this nation . hildy ( sip hers ) you say it . burn so -- sweeney get twin -- and Earl Williams get hang tomorrow . bruce just what be the lowdown on Williams ? burn it 's simple . a poor little dope who lose he job go berserk and shot a cop who be come after he to quiet he down . hildy if he 's nut , why do not the State just put he away ? burn because it happen to be a color policeman . hildy ( for Bruce 's benefit ) the color vote happen to be very important to the Mayor of this town . burn especially with a election come up in a few day . bruce be you sure Williams be not all there ? burn all you have get to do be talk to he . but the Mayor would hang he own grandmother to be re-elect . bruce but could not you show the man be not responsible ? closeup - burn burn ( there 's a sly expression on he face ) how ? hildy voice you could run a interview that would prove it . remember the interview I write with Jimmy wellman ? that save he life . burn ( slapping hand together ) yes , you could do it , hildy . you could save that poor devil 's life . you could -- but -- ( the enthusiasm die away ) -- you be go away . I forget . three shot bruce how long would the interview take ? burn oh -- a hour for the interview . another hour to write it . bruce we could take the six o'clock train , hildy . if it would save a man 's life . hildy no , Bruce , dear . do not you see ? this be a trick to get you sympathy . no , walter , I have be wait for something like this -- but I be not sure when you would spring it . if you want to save Earl Williams ' life , you can interview he yourself . you be still a good reporter . Bruce and I will be on that four o'clock train -- and thanks just the same . burn I be a editor . I know what ought to be write , but I can not write it the way you could . it need a woman 's heart -- hildy why , walter , you be get poetic ! burn ( to Bruce ) you see what I have to put up with ? she never trust I ! you argue with she -- otherwise you be go on a honeymoon with blood on you hand ! Bruce gulp . burn how can you have any happiness after that ? all through the year you will remember that a man go to the gallow because you be too selfish to wait two hour ! I tell you , Earl Williams ' face will come between you on the train tonight -- and at the preacher 's tomorrow -- and all the rest of you life ! hildy ( break into applause ) what a performance ! bravo ! do not let he fool you , Bruce -- it 's only a act ! burn what do you mean , only a act ? have not you get any feel ? hildy well , it 's either a act on you part or a miracle on sweeney 's . burn what do you mean ? hildy I happen to know sweeney be marry only three month ago . if he 's get twin this morning , I claim it be do with mirror . burn ( laugh , throw up he hand ) all right , hildy , I be lick . but I will make you and Bruce a business proposition . hildy we be not interested . burn ( to Bruce ) maybe you will be . you be a smart young man . you let hildy do this story for I and you can write out a $ 100,000.00 insurance policy for I . what do you say ? bruce I do not use my wife for business purpose , Mr. burn ! hildy wait a minute , Bruce . what 's commission on a $ 100,000.00 policy ? bruce well , at he age , twenty payment life , a little over a thousand dollar . hildy and what 's the matter with a thousand dollar ? bruce but -- hildy accord to the budget , we laid out that 's more than we food bill for a whole year . listen , Bruce , I do not want walter burn to use I , but I be perfectly willing to use he . how long will it take to get he examine ? bruce I could get a company doctor in twenty minute . burn now you be talk ! hildy ( turn on burn ) you keep out of this . Bruce , suppose you examine Mr. burn in he office . I will get my bag and go over to the Press room in the criminal court Building . you phone I as soon as Mr. burn have give you he check . then I will go get the interview and you phone mother that we be take the six o'clock train . ( back to burn ) and no trick , walter ! burn what trick would I pull ? hildy oh , nothing ! of course , you might cancel the check . yes ! wait a minute ! what would be he first payment on that policy ? bruce about twenty - five hundred dollar . hildy better make that a certified check , walter . burn ( indignantly ) what do you think I be -- a crook ? hildy yes --- and that 's put it mildly ! no certified check -- no story -- get I ? burn all right . the check will be certified . want my fingerprint ? hildy ( rise ) no thanks , I have still get that . well , I will step into some work clothes and hop over to the Press room for the background on this yarn . it will be kind of fun to see the boy again , too . remember , Bruce , it must be certified . bruce all right , dear . hildy wait a minute , Bruce . have you get that money ? bruce ( feel he pocket ) the five hundred ? sure . hildy on second think , would you let I have it ? I will get the ticket . bruce but -- hildy believe I , Bruce , I know what I be do . he would get you in a crap game -- bruce but I do not gamble , hilda ! hildy I know a lot of man who do not do anything till they meet walter burn . please , dear . bruce ( reluctantly ) all right . ( he pull out he wallet ) one -- two -- three -- four -- five . five hundred . be careful , honey . hildy I will be careful , darling . you be , please . she kiss he , kiss she hand and pat it to burn ' cheek . hildy so long , husband . she go . trucking shot - hildy leave . she weave just a bit . mo . close shot - the two men they look after she . bruce ( smile a little ) I never know hildy to be so determine before . burn you have not see anything yet . Bruce turn to look at burn -- they look at each other . fade out : fade in : int . PRESS room - criminal court bldg - day close shot at telephone it be ringing . a hand come in to take the phone . camera draw back a little to show endicott take the phone . he have a eye shade over he eye and five card in he other hand . endicott ( into phone ) criminal court Press room ... this be endicott ... no , nothing new on the Williams case yet boss . well , you bet I be here plugging away every minute . ( hang up and study he card ) up a dime . camera pan slowly to reveal the other player as they speak . play be reporter Murphy , endicott , Wilson , schwartz and mccue . murphy ( drop he card ) by I . wilson ( also drop ) droparoo . schwartz knock on table and drop card . mccue ( reluctantly ) I will call . endicott Three six . be that any good ? hildy voice it sure look good from here . the boy all look up toward sound of hildy 's voice . close shot hildy johnson frame in the doorway . she be carry a bag and have change she costume to a tailore travel suit . she grin and come into the room . mo . shot reporter they be all talk at once as hildy come into the scene . there be ad lib of " hildy ! " " where would you come from ? " " Holy mackeral , hildy Johnson ! " , etc . hildy raise she hand for silence . hildy one at a time , boy . she enter to a desk , place she bag on top of the desk , take she hat off and hang it on a clothes tree in the corner , come back to desk and open the travel bag . all through the above action she be talk rapidly . hildy no , I be not back for good . I be just cover the Earl Williams story for Mr. sweeney who have a sudden attack of something but will be all right by tomorrow . no , I have not make up with walter burn -- far from it ! as a matter of fact , I be leave tonight for albany and I will be marry tomorrow morning . the lucky man be Mr. Bruce baldwin , a gentleman in the insurance business -- and when I say gentleman , I mean gentleman ! be there any other question ? hildy take notebook and pencil out of bag , look at the stocking she be wear , see she have a run and take a fresh pair out of the bag . she sit down and begin to put on the new stocking . endicott ( grin ) well , that about cover everything . hildy good . now I want to ask you fellow a couple of question . do Earl Williams know what he be do when he fire that gun ? murphy if you ask we , no . if you ask the state alienist , the answer be yes . mccue it 's a simple story . Earl Williams work for the e.j. mcclosky manufacactur company as a bookkeeper for fourteen year . he start in at twenty dollar a week and gradually work he way up to twenty - two fifty . a year ago the mcclosky company go out of business and Williams lose he job . ( wave he hand toward Wilson ) take it away , Fred Wilson ! wilson well -- Williams go a little balmy and begin make speech on a plan he 's get to save the world . only he make he speech , usually , on a very busy street and neglect to get a license for it . well , the cop let he alone as much as they can because he 's harmless and they be kinda sorry for he . but one day he decide to hold a meeting right in the middle of a veteran 's parade and the cop chase he . he get scared and go into hide . ( gesture toward schwartz ) come in , Dave schwartz . schwartz his honor , the Mayor , now come out with a statement that Earl Williams be a dangerous character in the employ of two or three foreign government and the police be go to get he dead or alive . somebody send out a tip that this guy be hide in Molly malloy 's joint . and this color policeman , Daniels , go over to pick Williams up . Williams have read the papers , think the cop be go to kill he and shoot first . that be all . hildy thanks , boy . that 's all I want to know . hildy get up , roll the pair of stocking she have just discard into a ball , cross to bensinger 's desk and put the stocking in a drawer . endicott say , that 's old prissy bensinger 's desk . hildy I know , I just want to give he a thrill . hildy cross back to desk and sit down . hildy all right , boy , now that everything be settle , deal I in . hildy glance toward clock on wall . the hand show 2:45 pm . insert : clock - hand point to 2:45 pm . close shot hildy she pick up phone nearest she on desk and start to dial , pick up card deal she with one hand . hildy ( into phone ) hello , this be hildy Johnson . get I walter burn . ( she study she card -- then , into phone ) hello , walter . how 's the old double - crosser ? close shot walter burn telephone at he ear . burn hello , my fine - feathered friend . think I might be hearing from you . what have you get to report ? camera pull back to medium shot and we see that burn be stripped to the waist . a doctor be apply a stethoscope to he chest . we hold the picture a second : burn listen intently on the phone and the doctor listen intently to he chest . burn ( into phone ) go all right , eh ? doctor ( nodd ) Fine . Doctor suddenly realize what he 's say and look up . burn ( put hand over mouthpiece of phone ) Doctor , will you please keep quiet a minute ? how do you expect I to get any work do ? camera pull back to include Bruce , who have some papers in front of he at the desk . Bruce grin . doctor how do you expect I to get anywhere if you be go to keep on that phone ? if you will just give I two minute more -- burn ( into phone ) well , they have not finish with I yet but I be hope to get my shirt back . oh , no . I be in the pink of condition . they find two new dimple . CUT to : int . PRESS room - criminal court bldg . close shot hildy at telephone card in she other hand . hildy how about that check ? all right , Mr. burn , but remember , no checkee -- no story . well , as soon as they decide whether you live or not will you have that new man of mine call I up ? yes , sir . ( she hang up ) all right , boy . up a dime . endicott' voice right back at you . mo . shot mccue ( drop he card ) you fight it cut . hildy and up a dime . endicott ( study a second ) I call . what you get ? hildy ( display she card ) Three bullet ! any good ? endicott ( throw he card away ) beat king up . hildy rake in the money . mccue what be you go to do with all that money , hildy ? wilson yeah -- you can not spend it in albany . hildy oh , I will think of something . mo . shot take in door and include group . bensinger , another reporter , come in from the corridor . he stand out from the other because of he tidy appearance , and carry a book under he arm . murphy hello , Harvard ! get anything new on the hang ? close shot bensinger bensinger ( cockily ) why do not you fellow get you own news ? close shot hildy hildy can not you say ' hello ' to a fellow ? two shot featuring hildy and bensinger bensinger hildy ! he come over to shake hand . bensinger be you back ? hildy no , just a farewell appearance , bat for sweeney . I be go into business for myself . bensinger what do ? hildy I be get marry tomorrow . bensinger well , congratulation ! good luck ! the table another angle endicott why do not you use he for a bridesmay , hildy ? schwartz come on , hildy , you deal . close shot bensinger at he desk he open a drawer , the one in which hildy put she stocking . bensinger say , who put this stocking in my desk ? ( he turn to the group ) mccue 's voice I do not know , but I think they get rat in the building . bensinger ( make a gesture of disgust and pick up telephone ) this be bensinger . I just see the sheriff . he will not move the hang up a minute ... all right , I will talk to he again , but it 's no use . the execution be set for seven in the morning . get I a rewrite man . close shot endicott deal the card . endicott why can not they hang that guy at a reasonable hour , so we can get some sleep ? close shot bensinger bensinger ( into phone ) Jake , new lead on the hang . this new alienist from New York -- Dr. Max J. egelhoffer -- be go to interview Williams in about half a hour -- in the sheriff 's office . mo . shot at table - featuring murphy Murphy reach for the phone . without drop he card , he jiggle the hook . murphy that must be the tenth alienist they have have on Williams . even if he be not crazy before , he would be after ten of that baby get through psychoanalyzing he . ( into phone ) gimme the desk . endicott this egelhoffer 's pretty good . murphy yeah ? what do he ever do for he country ? endicott do not you remember ? he 's the guy go to Washington to interview the Brain trust , and give out a statement that they be all sane . it create a sensation ! close shot bensinger he be refer to he note as he talk : bensinger ( into phone ) here 's the situation on the eve of the hang : close shot murphy he continue play he card : murphy ( into phone ) this be Murphy . more slop on the hang . close shot bensinger bensinger ( into phone ) a double guard 's be throw around the jail , municipal building , railroad terminal , and elevate station to prepare for the expect general uprising of radical at the hour of execution . close shot murphy murphy ( into phone ) ready ? the sheriff 's just put two hundred more relative on the payroll to protect the city against the Red Army -- which be leave Moscow in a couple of minute . ( consult he hand ) up a dime . close shot bensinger bensinger ( into phone ) the sheriff have just receive four more letter threaten he life , but he say nothing can interfere with he duty . close shot murphy murphy ( into phone ) and to prove to the voter that the Red menace be on the level , the sheriff have write himself four more letter , threaten he life . I know he write them on account of the misspellings . mo . shot at table featuring hildy endicott trouble be , when the Red menace show up the sheriff will still be cry ' Wolf ! ' murphy what have you get , hildy ? hildy king and six . murphy ( throw down ) that 's good . hildy ( sweeping coin in ) ' king and six the pot affix ' ... poetry . I learn that at my grandma 's knee . wilson that 's why I keep lose . my grandma be a modest woman -- nobody ever see she knee , not even my grandpop . int . walter burn ' office mo . shot the doctor have go . burn be adjust he shirt . Bruce be sit at the desk . bruce I do not know . this make I feel funny . two shot burn why should not I make hildy my beneficiary ? I have get nobody else to leave it to . bruce I feel I ought to take care of she . burn well , you will take care of she . after all , if that doctor 's right , I be go to live for a long time yet . look , Bruce , this be a debt of honor . I be a very bad husband : hildy could have get a lot of alimony if she would want to , but she would not take any . she have it come to she , but she be too independent . bruce well , I be independent , too . burn figure it this way : I ought to be good for twenty - five year . by that time , you will probably have make enough so that the money will not mean anything . but suppose you have not make good -- do not you think hildy 's entitle to a quiet old age without any worry ? bruce well , of course , if you put it that way . burn ( everything he have on the ball ) and remember this , Bruce ! I love she , too . bruce I be beginning to realize that . burn and the beauty of it be she will never have to know ' till I have pass on . maybe she will think kindly of I --- after I be go . bruce ( a lump in he throat ) gee , you almost make I feel like a heel -- come between you . burn no , Bruce , you do not come between we . it be all over for she before you come on the scene . for I -- it will never be over . he turn away , wipe he eye , and sneak a glance to see how that go over . it go over big -- Bruce hurriedly wipe a tear away . mo . shot as duffy come into the room . he advance toward the desk . duffy ( place check on desk ) here 's that certified check , walter . ( sotto voce ) I draw out my wife 's savings , and if this be not back by 5:30 I be a ruin man ! burn ( also sotto voce ) do not worry , duffy , you will have it back by five . ( louder ) thanks , duffy . stick around . ( pick up check he rise ) he walk over to Bruce . burn well , Bruce , here you be -- certified and everything . bruce ( also rise ) certify ! I be afraid hildy would feel ashamed to think she have not trust you . closeup duffy he react to this sweetly solemn think . burn and bruce camera follows they as burn walk Bruce toward door , he arm around he . bruce well , she will know some day . burn that 's all I ask . oh , wait a minute . he release Bruce , run back and get umbrella and bring it to he . burn do not want to forget this , you know . might start to rain again . bruce thanks . I will phone hildy right away to get that story . they be at the door . burn open the door for Bruce . shot featuring louis Louis be sit at a desk , apparently engross in a newspaper . he be all alert , however . Bruce and burn come into the scene talk . burn well , anyway , I know hildy 's get a good man . bruce ( embarrassed ) thanks a lot . they pass Louis . he look up . bruce and burn Bruce , still embarrassed , look down . burn turn and signal to Louis . close shot louis watch . close shot burn burn point to Bruce 's back . close shot louis Louis nod . bruce and burn burn well , I get to get back . you can find you way out , can not you ? bruce oh , sure . ( he extend he hand ) well , thanks for everything . burn do not thank I . I should thank you . so long . bruce so long . he turn and go . burn watch he . reverse angle Bruce be go out , he back toward camera . burn watch . Louis come between burn and Bruce and follow Bruce out as we see Bruce go toward outer door . closeup burn he rub he hand in glee as he start back for he office . int . PRESS room shot featuring hildy she be rake in a pot . hildy I do not know why you boy be so good to I . mccue ( throw card down ) you poker 's improve a lot , hildy . lend I two buck , will you ? hildy nothing do . I be play for keep . there be a whirr and crash from the gallow . they start . bensinger at window bensinger I wish they would stop that practice . the other drift into the scene and look out of the window . int . courtyard the gallow the trap be sprung by two or three earnest man . int . PRESS room group at window hildy ( turn away ) well , anyhow , I will not be cover stuff like this any more . schwartz what 's the matter ? get yellow ? mo . shot a phone ring . mccue answer it . mccue for you , hildy . hildy go toward phone . close shot hildy at phone hildy hildy Johnson ... oh , hello , Bruce . have you get it ? be it certified ? int . phone booth close shot bruce bruce certify and everything . get it right here in my wallet ... what ? no , he 's not here -- I be in a phone booth . int . PRESS room close shot hildy at phone mccue be hover near . mccue certify , eh ? who be it -- you milkman ? hildy ( in phone ) but , Bruce , do not keep it in you wallet !... well , you see -- ( she be think rapidly ) -- there 's a old newspaper superstition that the first big check you get you -- you put in the lining of you hat . that bring you good luck for ten year . mccue say , I have be a reporter twenty year and never hear any hooey like that . where would you get it ? hildy ( to mccue ) I make it up just now , and who 's ask you ? ( into phone ) I know it 's silly , honey , but do it for I , will not you ?... yes , right now . int . phone booth close shot bruce bruce all right . wait a minute . he take check out of wallet , fold it into lining of hat . bruce all right . I have do it . now , be you satisfied ? int . PRESS room close shot hildy at phone hildy Fine . and here 's a kiss for you . she blow a kiss into the phone . immediately we hear kiss sound all over . she look up and glare . then back to phone : hildy now , darling , you go back to the hotel and pack and you and mother pick I up here about half - past five . Goodbye , dear . int . phone booth close shot bruce he blow a kiss into the phone and hang up . ext . outside restaurant louis study a paper , read it for a moment . Bruce come out of restaurant and start out . after a second , Louis follow he . int . entrance to a cell block of county jail mo . shot warden cooley sit at a desk near the grill doorway that lead to the cell . he be study a Racing form . hildy 's hand reach into the shot and flick the newspaper . he look up . the camera pull back to include hildy . cooley hello , hildy ! what be you do around here ? hildy I want to interview Earl Williams , warden . how about a little service ? cooley no more interview . besides , a doctor 's come over . hildy reach down out of camera range -- come up with bill . hildy say , be not this you twenty dollar ? cooley ( look at bill eagerly ) I think it be . hildy ( hand it over ) I think so . come on , I be in a hurry . cooley pocket the twenty and reach for he key ring . ext . STREET scene there be a milling mob around a center of activity that the camera can not find . shot of cop as he see this and stroll determinedly toward it . the crowd the cop come in and break rank . he push he way toward center and look down . close shot bruce lie down , hold by Louis . mo . shot cop what 's go on ? louis this guy steal my watch . cop ( lug they both to foot ) have you get he watch ? bruce he 's crazy . I have not any watch . louis I see he . he put it in he back pocket . bruce I have not get -- cop wait a minute . the cop reach into Bruce 's back pocket . watch come out . cop ( to Louis ) be this yours ? louis yeah ! that 's it ! cop what about it ? bruce I never see it before . cop grab Bruce . Louis grab he other arm . cop come on ! he whistle . cop ( to mob ) beat it ! close shot three as they go through crowd . the look on poor Bruce 's face , muddy anyhow , be something . suddenly , Bruce cry : bruce my hat ! cop get he hat , somebody . closeup bruce's hat lie top up , in a puddle . Hand reach in and pick it up . close shot three as hat be pass to cop , who jam it down on Bruce 's head . another takem from Bruce . int . county jail mo . close shot at the door of Earl Williams ' cell . hildy sit on a stool at the door , pencil and copy paper in hand . Earl Williams sit at the edge of he cot , face hildy . there be a bouquet of rose in a water pitcher by the cot . we first impression of Williams be that he 's a rational , well - poise citizen . it be only under hildy 's question that he gradually reveal himself . william I could not plead insanity , because you see I be just as sane as anybody else . hildy ( puzzle and worried ) you do not mean to kill that policeman ? william of course not . I could not kill anybody -- it 's against everything I have ever stand for . they know it be a accident . they be not hang I for that -- they be hang I for my belief . hildy what be you belief , Earl ? william they be very simple . I believe in the Golden rule . I be not the first man to die for preaching it . but if they would only listen to it -- we could have a fine , decent world instead of this mass of hate that make man do such cruel thing . hildy how would you go about apply the Golden rule , Earl ? william I would do away with the profit system and have production for use only . there 's enough food and clothing and shelter for everybody if we would use some sense . hildy ( write ) " production for use only . " well , maybe that 's the answer . william it 's the only answer . everything have a use and if we let it be use for its purpose , we could solve all we problem . food be mean to be eat , not store away in restaurant while poor people starve ; clothing be mean to be wear , not pile up in store while people go naked . do not that make sense ? closeup hildy hildy ( thoughtfully ) yes , that make a lot of sense , Earl . william' voice just use thing for what they be mean , that 's all . hildy sure . ( she study he a moment ) what 's the purpose of a gun , Earl ? closeup william william a gun ? ( he think -- then a revealing smile break out ) why -- to shoot , of course . mo . close two shot hildy be that how you come to shoot the policeman ? william sure . you see , I would never have a gun in my hand before and I do not know what to do with it . well , when I get stick , I know that there 's a answer for everything in production for use . so it come to I in a flash : what 's a gun for ? to shoot ! so I shot . simple be not it ? hildy ( write ) very simple , Earl . william there 's nothing crazy about that , be there ? hildy no , Earl , not at all . ( she indicate the flower ) who send you the flower , Earl ? william ( reverently ) miss mollie malloy . she 's a wonderful person . hildy ( point to picture pin on wall ) be not that she picture ? william ( turn toward it ) yes . be not she beautiful ? insert : picture of mollie hildy voice if you should be pardon , be you figure on marrying mollie ? earl' voice oh , no , she 's much too good for I . hartman' voice how would you get in here ? medium shot sheriff hartman have come into the scene . hildy turn toward he . hildy same way you do . ( point ) through that gate . hartman I give strict order that nobody be to interview Williams without my permission . hildy all right , then , I will just run the story that sheriff hartman be afraid to let reporter interview he prisoner . of course , with election come , that might do you a lot of harm , but just as you say . hartman now , wait a minute ! I be not afraid of anything . what be you go to write about Williams ? hildy oh , nothing much . just that the state have prove he be sane -- and he admit it himself . if you do not want I to run it -- hartman ( beam ) oh , that will be all right , hildy . go ahead , run it . and you can say I treat he well , too . ( turn toward Williams ) ' lo , Earl . how be you feel ? william Fine , thanks , sheriff . hartman that 's good , Earl . oh , they have get another alienist to see you . he ought to be here any minute . do not go to sleep , will you ? william I will not . hartman ( to hildy ) hildy , how would you like a couple of ticket for the hang ? hildy ( in a low voice so Williams will not overhear ) no , thanks sheriff . I be leave town tonight . hartman ( just as loud as ever ) you ought to stay over . you always write a good hang story , hildy . hildy that 's awful kind of you , sheriff . I have get to get start on my interview . see you later . william do not forget about production for use . hildy I will not , earl. ( she go ) int . PRESS room group shot poker game - night the game be on . bensinger , at he desk , be read a book . the electric light have be switch on . murphy ( rake in a pot ) well , a guy can win when hildy be not around . endicott who 's this guy she 's gonna marry ? wilson baldwin -- he name be . schwartz I give that marriage six month . mccue why ? schwartz hildy will not be able to stay away from a paper any longer than that . do you see she eye light up when she come in here ? like a old fire horse . murphy she say she 's gonna write fiction . endicott well , if she 's gonna write fiction , there 's nothing like be a reporter . schwartz I will give ten to five that marriage will not last six month . hildy 's a newspaper man . she 's get headline in she vein -- the way we all have or we would be out of this lousy job . mollie malloy appear in doorway . she move slowly into the room . mccue well , well -- miss mollie malloy . murphy hello , mollie . wilson how 's trick , mollie ? close shot mollie mollie I have be lookin ' for you tramp . mo . group shot endicott kid , that be pretty rose you send Earl . what do you want do with they tomorrow morning ? mollie ( tensely ) a lot of wise guy , be not you ? schwartz ( uncomfortably ) you be break up the game , mollie . what do you want ? mollie I want to tell you what I think of you -- all of you . hildy appear in the doorway and come into the room . murphy keep you shirt on . mollie ( to Murphy ) if you be worth break my finger on , I would tear you face wide open . hildy go to desk and begin type away . murphy what be you sore about , sweetheart ? be not that a swell story we give you ? mollie you crumb have be make a fool out of I long enough ! bensinger ( rise and come over ) she ought not be allow in here ! closeup mollie mollie ( flaring ) I never say I love Earl Williams and be willing to marry he on the gallow ! you make that up ! and about my be he soul - mate and have a love - nest with he . close shot endicott look up at she . endicott you have be suck around that cuckoo ever since he 's be in the death - house . everybody know you be he sweetheart . closeup mollie she blow up . mollie that 's a lie ! I meet Mr. Williams just once in my life when he be wander around in the rain without he hat and coat on , like a sick dog , the day before the shoot . I go up to he like any human be would and I ask he what be the matter , and he tell I about be fire after work at the same place for fourteen year , and I bring he up to my room because it be warm there . close shot hildy she be type away , stop to look over at mollie , then resolutely turn away , study she stuff , and begin type again . murphy' voice aw , put it on a phonograph ! mo . shot mollie and other mollie just because you want to fill you lie paper with a lot of dirty scandal , you get to crucify he and make a stooge out of I ! endicott ( to mollie ) get a match ? mollie ( heedless ) I tell you he just sit there talk to I -- all night . and never once laid a hand on I . in the morning he go away , and I never see he again till that day at the trial ! the boy laugh . closeup mollie she lash out at they . mollie go on , laugh ! I would like to know some curse bad enough for you greasy soul ! sure , I be he witness -- the only one he have . yes -- I -- cheap little mollie malloy ! I be everything the District Attorney say I be . and still I be the only one with gut enough to stand up for he ! I tell the truth and the District Attorney know it ! that 's why you be persecutin ' I ! because Earl Williams treat I decent and not like a animal -- and I say so ! medium shot murphy ( finally irritate ) go into you dance ! this be the Press room . we be busy . wilson why do not you go and see you boy - friend ? endicott ( wink at the other ) but you will have to hurry up -- he leave a call for seven a.m. mollie ( through she tooth ) it 's a wonder a bolt of lightning do not come down and strike you all dead ! from o.s. come sound of the gallow . mollie gasp . endicott ( suddenly uncomfortable ) do not get hysterical , kid . mollie ( begin to sob ) shame on you ! close shot mollie -- taking in murphy mollie ( hysterically ) a poor little fellow that never mean nobody no harm ! sitting there alone this minute with the angel of death beside he , and you crack joke ! closeup hildy type away furiously , regardless of this . she end a page . the sound of mollie sobbing come over the scene . hildy insert a fresh page . murphy' voice if you do not shut up , we will give you something to cry about ! hildy look o.s. and rise determinedly . medium shot - mollie backing away from murphy she be still sobbing . hildy come into scene and put she arm around mollie . hildy ( gently ) come on , mollie . this be no place for you . ( she lead mollie toward door ) mollie they be not human ! hildy they be newspaper man , mollie . they can not help themselves . the Lord make they that way . mollie ( one look back as hildy lead she out door ) it be not the Lord ! it be the devil ! hildy and mollie exit . there be a pause . the boy look at each other uncomfortably . the phone ring . Wilson go to answer . murphy ( pick up card ) you guy wanna play some more poker ? endicott what 's the use ? I can not win a pot . close shot wilson at phone wilson ( into phone ) who? hildy Johnson ? she just step out . she will be back in a second . who ? oh , Mr. baldwin . well , if you will hang on a minute , she ought to be right in . all right . ( he cover transmitter ) mo . shot taking door wilson ( to other ) baldwin . the blush bridegroom -- himself . schwartz what 's he want ? wilson want hildy -- and sound very excited . hildy come back . look at they and stare contemptuously . hildy gentlemen of the Press ! always pick on somebody who can not defend himself -- the littler the better . wilson phone for you , hildy . hildy ( go toward it ) who be it ? wilson oh , some insurance man . be you in ? hildy ( grab phone ) give I that ! closeup hildy hildy ( into phone ) hello ! hello ! Bruce ?... what ?... where be you ?... you be where ?... how do that happen ?... ( she listen unbelievingly a second ) I will be right over ! mo . shot as hildy hang up and dart out of room . the other watch in amazement . murphy Boy , do you see she go ? endicott lioness rushes to Defense of cub . wilson I tell you baldwin be in trouble . mccue probably go out without he hankie and want mamma to wipe he nose . schwartz I still give that marriage six month . dissolve to : close shot bensinger at phone . bensinger hello , baby , get I the sheriff 's offico , will you ... hello , sheriff hartman ?... this be bensinger . how about that favor ? you know what : once and for all , will you hang this guy at five a.m. instead of seven ? it will not hurt you and we can make the City edition . int . sheriff' office close shot sheriff hartman at phone . hartman ( indignantly ) once and for all , I be not go to hang anybody except at the legal hour ... what ? do not threaten I , bensinger ! I be not afraid of any newspaper . yeah ?... oh , shut up ! ( he hang up ; a afterthought -- he call up operator ) and , operator , I tell you not to disturb I ! I do not care who call -- I do not want to be disturb again till I tell you ! ( he hang up -- turn to somebody o.s. and speak ) how do you like that , Dr. egelhoffer ? want I to hang william at they convenience ! camera pull back to a mo . group shot , show Williams , sheriff hartman and Dr. egelhoffer . they be the only occupant of room . Williams be seat face a large stand searchlight . egelhoffer the newspaper ! sheriff , they be the scum of modern civilization . hartman you say it ! egelhoffer they be always after I for interview . hartman I , too . egelhoffer ( fencing ) of course , I sort of promise they I would give out a statement when I get through here . you do not mind ? hartman ( not like it ) well , I do not know if that 's ethical . you see , all statement be suppose to come from I . egelhoffer ( he will bargain ) we will have to satisfy they . what would you say to give they a joint interview ? I could give they some of the psychological aspect of the case and you could give they the legal aspect . hartman ( he busy ) a joint interview , eh ? that might be all right . we could have we picture take together , Doctor . egelhoffer yes , shaking hand . I do not take a very good picture , though . hartman it do not matter . the publicity 's the main thing . egelhoffer yes , I suppose so . it all help . william ( just a spectator up to now ) be you gentleman all through with I ? egelhoffer oh , I be sorry . I forget you be here . no , Mr. Williams , we still have some question for you . sheriff , will you kindly extinguish the light ? the sheriff put out the light and the Doctor switch on the searchlight , which shine in Williams ' face . egelhoffer you know you be to be execute , Mr. Williams . who do you feel be responsible for that ? william the system . but I be not afraid to die , Doctor . I be die for what I believe . egelhoffer I see . you realize , however , that you commit a crime ? closeup william william in a legal sense , yes . but not actually . actually , I be innocent . I do not do anything . dissolve to : int . police cell closeup bruce bruce I be innocent . I do not do anything . I never steal a watch in my life . camera pull back to show we Bruce in police cell . hildy outside . a police lieutenant with she in b.g . hildy I know you do not , Bruce . she whirl on lieutenant . hildy ( to lieutenant ) let he out of here , Lieutenant . lieutenant ( conciliatingly ) but , hildy , I can not . he 's accuse of steal a watch . and they find the watch on he . hildy and who accuse he ? diamond Louis ! one of the worst crook in town ! why do not you arrest Louis instead of innocent people that he frame ? lieutenant now , hildy -- hildy do not hildy I ! be you go to let he out ? lieutenant I can not . hildy all right . you can not . but tomorrow the Post will run the story of that roulette game on 43rd Street that you brother - in - law run . and we will print that you get five hundred a month for forget about it ! lieutenant now , hildy , do not be hasty ! I can not let he out . hildy you can let he out on bail , can not you ? lieutenant five hundred dollar . hildy you will take fifty and like it ! lieutenant ( waver ) well , all right . but I be liable to get into a jam . he start to open cell door . hildy you will get into a worse one if you do not . dissolve to : int . taxi ( process shot ) hildy be comb Bruce 's hair . he begin to look presentable . he fumble in he breast pocket . hildy what 's the matter ? bruce I lose my wallet . hildy ( stop ) the check , Bruce ! Bruce pick up he hat and get check out of lining . bruce that 's right here . gee , it be lucky you tell I about that old newspaper superstition . hildy ( take check and put it away ) yes , be not it ? bruce I can not imagine who do it . I can not think of any enemy I have . hildy ( look at he fondly ) I be sure you have not any . bruce for a minute , I think maybe walter burn be at the back of it . but then I realize he could not have be . hildy oh , no . how could you ever think of such a thing ? bruce oh , I realize right away . he 's really a very nice fellow , hildy -- I find that out . hildy yes , he be ... look , Bruce , we be take that next train -- and when I say next train , this time I mean it ! bruce do you finish the interview ? hildy ( to driver ) the criminal court Building . the driver nod . hildy ( to Bruce ) no -- but I be sure it will be all right with walter . bruce but , gee , hildy -- he give we that insurance business -- and you promise -- hildy well , the story 's practically finish . I will just go upstairs and send it over with a messenger . the cab stop . hildy get out and Bruce start to follow . hildy turn and push he back in the cab . ext . STREET mo . shot hildy at door of cab . Bruce in cab . hildy no , you stay here . I be not take any more chance . I will be down in three minute -- and do not you dare move ! hildy turn and start for stair of criminal court Building . dissolve to : int . PRESS room mo . shot at hildy desk schwartz be read hildy 's interview to the other boy , who be group around . bensinger be at he desk , a book open , but listen . schwartz ( read ) " but the State have a production for use plan , too . it have a gallow and at seven a.m. , unless a miracle occur , that gallow will be use to separate the soul of Earl Williams from he body . and out of Molly malloy 's life will go the one kindly soul she ever know -- " ( he stop ) that 's as far as hildy get . but , I ask you , can that girl write a interview ? bensinger I do not think it 's very ethical read other people 's stuff . endicott do not give we that ethic stuff . you will be the only one who will swipe any of it . schwartz I still say anybody that write like that be not go to give it up permanently to sew sox for a guy in the insurance business . now I give that marriage three month and I be lay three to one . any taker ? hildy voice I will take that bet . they turn . hildy come into the scene . hildy ( go to she phone ) it 's get so a girl can not step out of the room without be discuss by a bunch of old lady . ( into phone ; she voice assume a silken quality ) hello , Post ... Mr. walter burn , please . close shot schwartz schwartz ( embarrassed ) well , hildy , we be only say that a swell reporter like you would not give this up so easily . mo . shot featuring hildy hildy ( into phone ) this be hildy Johnson ... ( to schwartz ) oh , I can give it up all right . without a single quiver . I be go to live like a human be -- not like you rat . ( into phone ) oh , be that you , walter dear ? oh , I do not mean " dear . " that be just habit , I guess . oh , be yourself , walter . I have get some news for you ... yes , I get the interview , but I have get some news that 's more important . the other be listen , suspect a scoop . hildy better get a pencil out and write it down . all ready ? ( then with a sudden change of pace ) get this , you double - crossing chimpanzee , there be not gonna be any interview and there be not gonna be any story ... huh ? that certified check of yours be leave with I in twenty minute . and if I ever see you again , it 's go to be just too bad ... eh ?... oh , you do not know what I be angry about , do you ? if you come over I will be very glad to tell you the story of louie 's watch . I dare you to come over , you -- you -- skunk in sheep 's clothing ! and bring that bodyguard of yours , too -- you will need he . quick cut of reaction from other closeup hildy hildy ... and I just want you to listen to one more thing . she get she story out of typewriter , apply it to transmitter and tear it up . hildy hear that ? that 's the interview I write ... yes , I know we make a bargain . I just say I would write it -- I do not say I would not tear it up . yes , it 's all in little piece now , walter , and I hope to do the same for you some time ! she hang up . mo . shot featuring hildy she reach under she desk , pull up bag , talk all the time . the other be too startle to do anything but listen . hildy and that 's my farewell to the newspaper game . I be go to live a normal life and have a home . she reach into the drawer of desk and get some stuff which she put into bag . hildy I be go to be a woman , not a newsget machine . I be go to have baby and nurse they and love they and give them cod liver oil and worry about they new tooth -- and the minute I catch one of they even look at a newspaper , I be go to brain he ! where 's my hat ? someone point to she hat . she rise and go toward it . her bag be still open . her phone ring . schwartz answer it . schwartz ( subdued tone ) hello , Mr. burn . yes , she 's still here . hildy ( stop midway to she hat ) I will take it . ( she come over to phone ) what 's the matter , Mr. burn -- do not you understand English ? -- why , you language be shocking , Mr. burn -- positively shocking ! I do not mind because I be marry to you and know what to expect , but suppose Central be listen in ... oh , do you hear that , Central ? we ought to report he , do not you think ?... oh , fooey on you ! she pull the phone out of the wall , walk toward window and toss it out of the window . she wait for the crash , turn back and say : hildy now where be that hat ? oh , yes . she start toward it . int . sheriff hartman' office mo . shot william I hope you be pretty nearly through with I , Doctor , I be get a little fatigue . hartman yeah , you do not want to tire he out , Doctor . egelhoffer just one thing more . I would like to reenact the crime , Mr. Williams . May I have you gun , please , sheriff ? hartman start to take gun out , hesitates . hartman I do not know -- egelhoffer ( insistently ) come , come , sheriff , lightning do not strike in the same place twice . nothing 's go to happen . hartman hand he the gun . egelhoffer now , the sheriff will be mollie malloy , in whose room you be . you will be Earl Williams . and I will be the policeman . follow I , Mr. Williams ? william yes , sir . egelhoffer hand the gun to Williams and then back up a few pace . egelhoffer so -- now I say to you : ' Earl Williams , you be under arrest ! ' and you point you gun at I . william ( hesitantly ) well , it be not exactly that way -- egelhoffer ( insistently ) Point the gun at I ! Williams do so . egelhoffer then what do you do ? Williams hesitates for a moment and then pull the trigger . hartman promptly dive under the desk as egelhoffer topple over . william ( pathetically ) now can I go , please ? there be a loud bang on the door and a voice call : voice hey , sheriff ! open up ! what happen ? Williams , alarmed by voice , turn and start toward window . int . PRESS room mo . group shot hildy be now wear she hat and glove . she pick up she bag and start for the door . endicott Goodbye , yonson . mccue so long , hildy . murphy send we a postcard , kid . schwartz who will keep the lamp in the window for you . bensinger Goodbye , hildy . hildy have cross to doorway , the camera trucking with her . she turn and face the room to make a last bravura speech . hildy well , goodbye , you wage -slave . when you be crawl up fire escape , get kick out of front door , and eat Christmas dinner in one - armed joint , do not forget you pal , hildy Johnson ! and , remember , my husband sell insurance ! she turn and start on a bit of verse : hildy " it take a heap o' livin ' to make a house a home . " she be interrupt by a terrific fusillade of shot in the courtyard . a roar of excited voice come up . for a tense second , everyone be motionless . there be another volley of shot . Wilson , endicott and Murphy jump for the window . close shot at window voice from courtyard get the riot gun ! spread out , you fellow ! etc. wilson there 's a jail - break ! murphy ( at window , simultaneously ) cooley ! what 's the matter what 's happen ? voice from yard watch the gate ! he 's probably try the gate ! outside , a siren begin to wail . endicott ( out the window ) who get away ? who be it ? voice outside Earl ... Williams !!! the reporter who ? who would he say ? Earl Williams ! it be Earl Williams ! he get away ! etc. shot at desk mccue Holy ---! gimme that telephone ! ( work hook frantically ) hurry ! hurry up ! this be important ! mo . shot taking in door searchlight hit the window , sweeping from direction of the jail . hildy stand paralyze , she bundle in she hand . there be another rifle volley . two windowpane crash into the room . some plaster fall . gong sound above the siren . the boy be jump for they telephone . another windowpane go . mccue ( scream ) look out ! close shot at window murphy ( out the window ) look out where you be aim , will you ? a quick montage of reporter at they various phone follow : " gimme the desk ! " " flash ! " " Earl Williams just escape ! " " do not know yet -- call you back . " , etc. , be shout into the phone by schwartz , Wilson , mccue , endicott , bensinger and Murphy . after each man communicate with he paper , he dash for the door . medium shot the last of the reporter be go . close shot - hildy her bag , almost unnotice , fall to the floor . camera truck with her as she move back into the room , absently grab and trail a chair . another angle hildy ahhh -- she let go of the chair and take one of the telephone . hildy Morning Post ?... get I walter burn -- quick ! hildy Johnson call . very calmly she sit on the long table , she back against the wall and wait . closeup - hildy hildy walter ?... hildy . Earl Williams just escape from the County jail . yep ... yep ... yep ... do not worry ! I be on the job ! she hang up . medium shot there be another volley outside . hildy sail she hat and start peel off she glove as she jump for the door . ext . courtyard - day medium shot - at the gate there be the reporter join armed guard who be leaping into squad car ready for the chase . cooley be beside the gate . as the reporter and guard pile into the car , the gate open and out they go . medium shot at door leading from build to courtyard hildy come on a run from this door , hesitates a moment , then see something o.s. and run for it . mo . shot - squad car as it come careen across courtyard toward gate . hildy tear into scene , jump for and make the run - board , and hang there as the car swerve up to the gate . mo . shot - at gate hildy notice cooley as the car , gather speed , go by he . she leap from the run - board and land clump on cooley . close shot - hildy and cooley cooley have be knock to the ground by the impact of hildy 's leap . she be sit on he . hildy cooley , I want to talk to you . cooley ( try to get up ) hildy -- I can not . I be busy -- I -- let I up , hildy . Earl Williams have escape -- he struggle . hildy there 's money in it , cooley . cooley I can not hildy . it mean my job ! it mean -- hildy ( interrupt he ) a lot of money . ( she open she bag ) four hundred and fifty dollar -- she finger the bill . cooley how much ? hildy four hundred and fifty dollar . be it a deal ? cooley it 's a deal . let I up . cooley get up and dust himself off . cooley let 's see the money . hildy ( money still in she hand ) first we talk . how do Earl Williams get that gun ? cooley look around quickly . cooley come on , and I will tell you . he jerk he head , indicate to hildy to follow he . medium shot they move off as the gate be close . dissolve to : int . PRESS room - criminal court build - day full shot the room be empty . all the telephone be ringing crazily . endicott enter hurriedly , cross to he phone . endicott ( into phone ) endicott talk . close shot endicott - at phone endicott ( into phone ) no -- nobody know where he get the gun , but I think mollie malloy smuggle it in to he . he run up the fire -escape , and go back in the infirmary window . then he get out through the skylight . he must have sly down the rain- pipe to the street . murphy' voice gimme the desk . mo . two shot include Murphy and endicott at separate phone . endicott no , I tell you ! nobody know where he get it . murphy the crime Commission have offer a reward of ten thousand dollar for Williams ' capture . endicott call you back . he hang up swiftly and go out . murphy no clue yet as to Earl Williams ' whereabouts . here 's a little feature though : there 's be a accident about a tear bomb -- Wilson enter and pick up he phone . wilson ( into phone ) Wilson talk . murphy yeah -- tear bomb . criminal cry for it . medium shot include Murphy , Wilson and doorway . the sheriff enter , turn as he enter . as he turn back to someone in corridor : hartman if the Mayor want I , he know where I be . murphy ( into phone ) this tear bomb go off unexpectedly in the hand of sheriff hartman 's bomb squad . hartman what go off ? murphy ( into phone ) four of Mr. hartman 's deputy sheriff be rush to the hospital -- hartman a fine fair - weather friend you be ! murphy ( remorselessly , into phone ) the name be merwyn D. Mayor , who be the Mayor 's brother - in - law -- hartman after all I have do for you -- murphy ( continue ) Howard shenken , the sheriff 's uncle on he mother 's side -- wilson ( into phone ) hello , Jim ? sidelight on sheriff hartman 's manhunt . the sheriff spin around -- another enemy . at this moment hildy enter the room and cross casually to she telephone where she stand wait . murphy ( into phone ) William lungren , who be the sheriff 's landlord , and lester bartow who marry the sheriff 's niece . you remember , the very homely dame . call you back . he hang up . wilson ( into phone ) Mrs. William tausig , age fifty - five , scrub lady , while at work scrubbing the eighth floor of the commerce Building , be shot in the leave leg by one of sheriff hartman 's deputy . hartman groan . there be a sound of machine - gun fire in the courtyard . hildy there go another scrub lady . wilson ( into phone ) I will go right after it . he hang up and exit . murphy ( to hildy ) any dope yet on how he get out ? hildy from all I can get the sheriff let he out so 's he could vote for he . hartman I be very disappointed in you , hildy Johnson . he turn and exit . close shot at table near hildy phone take in hildy and Murphy . murphy how do you suppose Williams get that gun ? as hildy shrug , there be another flurry of machine - gun fire . Murphy leave precipitately . hildy , alone at last , pick up the phone . hildy ( into phone ) give I walter burn -- quick -- she lay down the telephone receiver and cross to the door which she close , then return to the phone . hildy ( pick up phone ) walter , listen . I have get the inside story on how Williams get the gun and escape . int . walter burn ' office - day close shot - burn at he desk , telephone to he ear . burn exclusive ? that 's great . int . PRESS room - day close shot - hildy hildy it cost I four hundred and fifty buck to tear it out of cooley . int . burn ' office close shot - burn burn never mind that . what 's the story ? int . PRESS room close shot - hildy hildy never mind it ? that 's not my money ! that 's Bruce 's money ! int . burn ' office close shot - burn burn you will get it . now what 's the story ? ( he raise he hand ) I will have the paper send the money right down to you . I swear it on my mother 's grave . int . PRESS room close shot - hildy hildy wait a minute . you mother 's alive . int . burn ' office close shot - burn burn I mean on my grandmother 's grave . do not be so technical , hildy . what 's the story ?! int . PRESS room close shot - hildy hildy well , this expert Dr. egelhoffer , from New York , decide to make Williams re-enact the crime -- she start to giggle at the think . hildy well , I be come to it . it seem the Professor have to have a gun to be - enact the crime with -- and who do you suppose supply it ? nobody else but that great thinker , sheriff hartman ! int . burn ' office close shot - burn burn ( laugh ) no kid , hildy . ( suspiciously ) say , this be not a rib ? int . PRESS room close shot - hildy hildy no , this be on the level , walter . I be not good enough to make this one up . the sheriff give he gun to the Professor , the Professor give it to Earl , and Earl give it right back to the Professor -- right in the stomach ! who ? no , egelhoffer be not hurt badly . they take he to the County Hospital where they be afraid he will recover . int . burn ' office close shot - burn burn that 's great work , hildy ... huh ? oh , will you stop worry about the money ? I will see you get it in fifteen minute . int . PRESS room close shot - hildy hildy it better be fifteen minute , because Bruce be wait downstairs in a taxicab and that meter 's click away to beat the band . int . burn ' office close shot burn burn hold on a minute . camera pull back disclose Louis and a blonde sit on a divan in walter 's office . burn ' beckon the blonde : burn ( he hand carefully over receiver of phone ) come here . there 's a guy wait in a taxi in front of the criminal court building . his name be Bruce baldwin . can you do you stuff ? blonde I have never flop on you , have I ? burn then scram ! you have get about two minute . she exit . burn ( into phone ) sorry to keep you wait . how much be it again ? four hundred and fifty dollar ? hang on a second . he put he hand over the phone again and beckon to Louis . burn ( to Louis ) I need four hundred and fifty dollar in counterfeit money . you know where I can get it ? louis it 's awful funny -- I happen to have some on I . burn ( into phone ) it 's come right over . I be send it over with Louis . thanks for the story and good luck on you honeymoon . int . PRESS room mo . shot hildy at telephone hildy keep the thanks , but just see that the money get here ! she hang up . the door open and mccue enter and cross to he phone . mccue hello , hildy . I think you be go . hildy I think so , too . hildy take a look at the clock , rise and begin to pace up and down , pound she hand together . close shot mccue at phone mccue ( into phone ) mccue speak . Mrs. Phoebe dewolfe , eight -sixty - one and a half South State Street , color , give birth to a pickaninny in a patrol wagon with sheriff hartman 's special rifle squad act as nurse . well -- Phoebe be walk along the street when all of a sudden she begin -- that 's right . so the police coax she into the patrol wagon and they start a race with the stork . when the pickaninny be bear the rifle squad examine he carefully to see if it be Earl Williams who they know be hide somewhere . mo . shot hildy be still pace . mccue laugh at he own joke . mccue ( to hildy ) do you get that , hildy ? hildy no -- what ? hildy 's phone ring . she answer . close shot hildy at phone hildy hello -- Bruce ! I think you be downstairs in a -- what ? arrested again ! what for this time , Bruce ? mash ! oh , Bruce , can not I leave you alone for three minute even ? well , where be you ? the 27th precinct ? all right , I will be right over -- ( she break off and look down at she bag on the desk ) I will be over in twenty minute , Bruce . ( she hang up ) if I ever see walter burn -- ( she pick up phone and dial viciously ) get I walter burn ... hildy Johnson ! well , he be there just a minute ago ! have he call I back ! she hang up . medium shot hildy ( to mccue ) if walter burn call , hold the wire for I , will you ? I will be right back . ( she go out ) mccue okay , hildy . ( into phone ) well , we can not get any official statement -- medium shot another angle the door open and the Mayor enter . mccue ( into phone ) oh , wait a minute -- here 's the Mayor . maybe he will give we one . closeup the mayor turn away with a wave of he hand . mayor do not pester I now , please . I get a lot on my mind . closeup mccue mccue ( into phone ) his honor will not say anything . he hang up and exit out of scene . mo . close shot mayor taking in door mccue come in to he . Murphy and endicott come in . mayor ( to mccue ) have you see sheriff hartman ? mccue it 's hard to say , you honor . the place be so full of cockroach . murphy say , you honor , what effect 's this jail - break go to have on the color voter ? closeup the mayor mayor not a iota . in what way can a unavoidable misfortune of this sort influence the duty of every citizen , color or otherwise ? mo . shot including group endicott you honor , be there a Red menace or be not there ? the sheriff come scoot in . mayor ( to the sheriff ) hartman , I have be look for you ! he close in on the sheriff , follow by the reporter . murphy so have we ! endicott what 's the dope , sheriff ? murphy who engineered this getaway ? close shot hartman just a minute ! we have get he locate . endicott Williams ? murphy where be he ? hartman where he use to live . you can catch the riot squad -- it 's just go out . the boy beat it , fast . mayor Pete , I want to talk to you ! hartman I be not get time , Fred , honest . I will see you after . mayor do you actually give Williams that gun ? hartman ( a wail ) the professor ask I for it -- I think it be for something scientific ! mayor Pete , I have get a mighty unpleasant task to perf -- the sheriff suddenly nudge he for quiet , and the Mayor , turn , see : another angle featuring schwartz come in and go to the phone . he be whistling . schwartz hiya , you honor. ( into phone ) schwartz call . ( to the Mayor ) how about it , you honor ? any statement on the Red uprising tomorrow ? mayor what Red uprising ? hartman there will be no Red uprising ! schwartz ( into phone ) gimme rewrite -- ( to the Mayor ) the Governor say the situation call for the militia . mayor you can quote I as say that anything the Governor say be a tissue of lie . schwartz ( into phone ) hello , Jake . here 's a red-hot statement from the Governor . he claim that the Mayor and the sheriff have show themselves to be a couple of eight - year- old play with fire . closeup sheriff and mayor schwartz ' voice quote he as follow : " it be a lucky thing for the city that next Tuesday be Election Day , as the citizen will thus be save the expense of impeach the Mayor and the sheriff . " that 's all -- call you back . mo . shot schwartz he hang up and start out . schwartz Nice to have see you , Mayor . he exit , whistling . mayor we have get to go somewhere private , Pete . I have get to talk to you straight from the shoulder . they start out . mo . shot sheriff and mayor as they start for the door it open . as they exit hildy enter , almost crossing they but not quite notice they as she start pound she hand together and pace up and down Press room . mo . shot mayor and sheriff as they start down the hall , camera trucking with they . hartman ( beside himself ) now , listen , Fred . just give I a few hour before you make any decision . I will get result . I be do everything humanly possible . I have just swear in four hundred deputy . mayor four hundred ! do you want to bankrupt this administration ? hartman ( pleadingly ) I be get they for twelve dollar a night . mayor twelve dollar ! -- for that rheumatic uncle of yours ? ( gesture ) out shoot everybody they see for the fun of it ? hartman ( with dignity ) if you be talk about my brother - in - law , he 's work for the city fifteen year . they come to the door of the sheriff 's office . hartman open door and the Mayor enter , hartman follow . int . sheriff' office mo . close shot hartman close door and turn to Mayor , who face he portentously . mayor Pete , you be through ! hartman ( stunne ) what do you mean -- through ? mayor I mean I be scratch you name off the ticket Tuesday and run czernecki in you place . it 's nothing personal . and , Pete -- it 's the only way out . it 's a sacrifice we all ought to be glad to make . hartman ( David to Jonathan ) Fred ! mayor now , Pete ! please do not appeal to my sentimental side . hartman Fred , I do not know what to say . a thing like this almost destroy a man 's faith in human nature . mayor I wish you would not talk like that , Pete . hartman we family , Fred . I have always look on bessie as my own sister . mayor ( waver and desperate ) if there be any way out ... as a phone ring : hartman there be a way out . I have get Williams surround , have not I ? what more do you want ? ( into phone ) hello ... yes ... hello ! ( wildly ) four hundred supper ! nothing do ! this be a man-hunt -- not a banquet !... the twelve dollar include everything !! he hang up . hartman that give you a idea of what I be up against ! mayor ( hotly ) we be up against a lot more than that with that nutty slogan you invent : ' Reform the reds with a rope ' . sheriff wince . mayor Williams be not a Red , and you know it ! hartman well , there 's a lot of communistic sympathizer around -- mayor I know it ! but they have get nothing to do with this case ! do you realize there be two hundred thousand vote at stake and unless we hang Earl Williams we be go to lose them ? hartman but we be go to hang he , Fred . he can not get away . a knock on the door . mayor what do you mean he can not get away ?! he get away , do not he ? knock louder . mayor who 's out there ? voice outside ( pinkus ) be sheriff hartman in there ? sheriff start for door . hartman ( relieved ) ah ! for I ! mo . shot taking in door sheriff open the door . a small , very colorless and ineffectual man name pinkus be there . hartman ( as he open door , disclose pinkus ) I be sheriff hartman . you want I ? pinkus ( come in ) you be certainly a hard fellow to find , sheriff . mayor ( annoyed ) what do you want ? pinkus ( take a document from he pocket and proffering it to sheriff ) I be a messenger at the State House . this be from the Governor . mayor what 's from the Governor ? pinkus the reprieve for Earl Williams . hartman ( stunne ) for who ? pinkus ( amiably ) Earl Williams . the reprieve . mayor w- wait a minute . get he bearing . hartman ( burst forth ) the Governor give I he word of honor he would not interfere . two day ago ! mayor and you fall for it , Pete . it frighten I what I would like to do to you . ( to pinkus ) who else know about this ? the sheriff , with shaking hand , open and begin to read the thing . pinkus they be all stand around when he write it . it be after they get back from fishing . mayor ( to sheriff ) get the Governor on the phone ! pinkus ( helpfully ) you can not get he on the phone . he 's out duckshoot now . mayor fishing ! duckshoot ! how do you like that . a guy do nothing more strenuous for forty year than play pinochle -- he get elect Governor and right away he think he 's tarzan ! hartman ( thrust the document at the Mayor ) read it ! insane , he say . ( shaking a finger in pinkus ' face ) he know very well that Williams be not insane ! pinkus yeah . but I -- mayor ( interrupt ) pure politics ! hartman a attempt to ruin we ! the phone ring . hartman start for it . mayor ( read ) dementia praecox oh-h-h ! hartman we get to think fast before that lie reporter get hold of this . what will we tell them ? mayor tell them the party be through in this State on account of you . hartman ah , Fred -- ( into phone ) hello ... this be hartman -- mayor ( apoplectic ) and you can tell them as a afterthought that I want you resignation now ! hartman ( from the phone ) sssh . wait , fred. ( excitedly , into phone ) what ?... where ?... where ? Holy mose ! mayor what be it ? hartman they get he ! ( back to phone ) wait a minute -- hold the wire . ( to the Mayor ) they get Earl Williams surround -- the riot squad have -- in he house . mayor tell them to hold the wire . hartman I do . ( into phone ) hold the wire . mayor cover up that transmitter ! sheriff do so . Mayor face cooney . mayor now , listen ! you never arrive here with this -- reprieve . get it ? pinkus ( blink ) yes , I do , just now . do not you remember ? mayor how much do you make a week ? pinkus huh ? mayor ( impatiently ) how much do you make a week ? what 's you salary ? pinkus ( reluctantly ) forty dollar . hartman ( into phone ) no -- do not out I off . mayor how would you like to have a job for three hundred and fifty dollar a month . that 's almost a hundred dollar a week ! pinkus who ? I ? mayor ( exasperate ) who do you think ! pinkus be a little startle ; the Mayor hasten to adopt a milder manner . mayor now , listen . there 's a fine open for a fellow like you in the City sealer 's office . pinkus the what ? mayor the City sealer 's office ! pinkus you mean here in the city ? mayor ( foam ) yes , yes ! hartman ( at phone ) well , wait a minute , will you ? I be in conference . pinkus ( a very deliberate intellect ) no , I could not do that . mayor why not ? pinkus I could not work in the city . you see , I have get my family in the country . mayor ( desperate ) but you could bring them in here ! we will pay all you expense . pinkus ( with vast think ) no , I do not think so . mayor for heaven 's sake , why not ? pinkus I get two kid go to school there , and if I change they from one town to another , they would lose a grade . mayor no , they would not -- they would gain one ! and I guarantee that they will graduate with high honors ! pinkus ( lure ) yeah ? hartman ( into phone ) hold you horse -- will you , Olsen ? hurry up , Fred ! mayor now what do you say ? pinkus this put I in a peculiar hole . mayor no , it do not . ( hand he the reprieve ) now , remember : you never deliver this . ( rush he to the door ) you get catch in the traffic , or something . ( open door ) now , get out of here and do not let anybody see you . pinkus but how do I know ...? mayor come in and see I in my office tomorrow . what 's you name ? pinkus pinkus . mayor ( take out he wallet ) all right , Mr. pinkus , all you have get to do be lay low and keep you mouth shut . here ! ( he hand he a card ) go to this address . it 's a nice , homey little place , and they will take care of you for the night . just tell them Fred send you . and here 's fifty dollar on account . he push money into pinkus 's hand and push he through the door . pinkus go . hartman ( into phone , desperately ) will you wait , Olsen ? I will tell you in a minute ! the door open again and pinkus come back in . pinkus you forget to tell I what a City sealer have to do . mayor ( turn hastily toward pinkus ) I will explain it tomorrow ! pinkus be it hard ? mayor no ! it 's easy -- it 's very easy ! hartman ( pleadingly , into phone ) just one second -- pinkus that 's good , because my health be not what it use to be . mayor ( push he out the door ) we will fix that , too . ( he close the door after he ) hartman ( into phone -- one more plea ) just -- one -- second ! he turn to the Mayor with a gesture of appeal . the Mayor close the door and turn to hartman . mayor ( huskily ) all right . tell them to shoot to kill . hartman what ? mayor shoot to kill , I say . hartman I do not know , Fred . there 's that reprieve if they ever find out . mayor nobody reprieve that policeman he murder . now , do as I tell you . hartman ( into phone ) hello , Olsen ... listen ... ( he voice be weak ) shoot to kill ... that 's the order pass the word along ... no ! we dont want he ! and listen , Olsen , five - hundred buck for the guy that do the job ... yes , I will be right out there . ( hang up ) well , I hope that 's the right thing to do . mayor now take that guilty look off you face , Pete -- and stop tremble like a horse . hartman ( mop he brow ) if we do not have election Tuesday I would have this on my conscience . int . corridor outside PRESS room mo . shot louie come from the direction of the stair and cross toward door to Press room . he pause a moment , put he hand in he pocket , pull out some bill , count they and open the door . int . PRESS room mo . shot hildy be still pace , pound she hand together and glance every so often at the clock on the wall . suddenly she cross to she phone , pick up transmitter -- hildy ( into phone ) will you try -- louiee' voice hildy . hildy ( wheeling towards door ) louie ! she drop the phone and hurry towards he . hildy have you get my dough ? louis oh , sure . the boss send I over with it . four hundred dollar , be not it ? hildy four hundred and fifty and I will cut you throat if you try any trick ! louis all right , all right . you can not blame a guy for tryin ' , can you ? hildy come on with that money ! louis first you get to sign a receipt . ( he pull out a receipt ) hildy where 's the money ? louis keep you shirt on . I get it -- right here . ( he pick out money and count ) one hundred -- two hundred -- three hundred -- four hundred -- and fifty . now sign . hildy ( grab money and sign ) here ! louis thanks . so long , hildy ! hildy ( grab he ) so long , nothing ! where 's Bruce baldwin 's wallet ? louis huh ? hildy none of that innocent stuff , you double-cross hyena ! you stick Bruce baldwin in jail this afternoon on a phony charge that he swipe you watch , and you frisk he wallet ! now , give I that wallet or I will stick you in jail and it will not be on any phony charge either ! it will be for life ! louis now do not get excited , hildy ! I do not know what you be talk about -- but be this Mr. baldwin 's wallet ? he take Bruce 's wallet out . hildy ( grab it ) you know it be ! louis I do not frisk he . he must have drop it in burn ' office . I do not know whose it be . hildy no -- and you do not know that you cheap boss have have Mr. baldwin arrest again -- do you ? louis ( surprised ) what -- already ? why , the dame leave only a minute before I do ! he suddenly realize what he 's say and sprint for the door . hildy chuck something at he . it just miss as he duck out of the door . mo . shot another angle hildy cast a savage look after the depart louie , take another look at the clock and grab a phone and start to dial . hildy ( into phone ) 27th precinct Station House ? hildy stop short , arrest by a sound from the open window . she turn and see Earl Williams , look more inoffensive and exhaust than ever , indeed on the verge of collapse . he carry a large revolver . the search - light that have be play in the courtyard strike into the window again . william ( point gun at she ) Drop that phone -- hildy drop the phone back on the hook . william ( support himself by hold on to edge of desk ) you be not go to phone anybody where I be . hildy ( brace herself ) put down that gun , Earl . he advance steadily toward hildy , the gun aim at she . hildy you be not go to shoot I , Earl . I be you friend , remember ? I have get to write that story about you " production for use " . william yes -- that 's right . production for use . hildy start walk toward he , slowly . hildy Earl , you do not want to hurt you friend , do you ? william do not move ! hildy stop . william maybe you be my friend and maybe you be not -- but do not come any nearer . you can not trust anybody in this crazy world . say , I will bet I could shoot you from here . hildy sure you could , Earl -- but you would not want to do that , would you ? you would not want to kill anybody . william no , no , you be right . I do not want to kill anybody . all I want to do be be let alone . hildy sneak another step forward . hildy Earl , there 's just one thing I ought to clear up for the interview . william what 's that ? only -- you be get too near . I do not trust anybody . hildy I do not blame you , Earl . ( another step forward ) if I be in you place I would not trust anybody , either . william ( suddenly ) keep away ! he point the gun at hildy , pull the trigger and we hear a faint " click ! " william ( weakly ) I guess I use all the shell . close two shot he drop the gun and clutches at the edge of the desk for support . hildy lurch forward and she grab the other side of the desk for support . and at this moment she look more tired than he do . she look at Earl and breathes heavily . hildy Earl , you must never do that again . william oh , I be awful tired . I could not go through another day like this . hildy ( more she old self now ) well , maybe you think I could ! camera follows her as she retrieve the gun and jam it in she purse , jump to the window , pull down the shade . earl' voice I be not afraid to die . I be tellin' the fella that when he hand I the gun . hildy cross swiftly to the door , lock it and put out the light , so that they be visible only faintly in the light from the areaway . hildy do not talk too loud . william ( babbling on as she move about ) wakin ' I up in the middle of the night -- talkin ' to I about thing they do not understand . callin ' I a bolshevik . I be a anarchist . it 's get nothin ' to do with bomb . it 's the philosophy that guarantee every man freedom . you see that , do not you ? hildy sure I do , Earl . hildy be look around for a hide place for he . william I wish they would take I back and hang I . I do my best . he abruptly crumple and fall to the floor . hildy stand for a second , desperate . then she pick he up and half carry , half drag he over toward a chair and place he in it . then she make a quick dash for she phone . hildy ( into phone ) hello ... gimme walter burn -- quick ! another phone there ring . hildy answer it , prop the receiver of she own phone between ear and shoulder . closeup hildy at phone hildy ( into second phone ) hello -- hel -- oh , hello , Bruce ... oh , Bruce , please -- I know I say I would be down in fifteen minute , but something terrific 's happen ! hang on , Bruce -- ( into first phone ) walter ?... hildy . come over here -- right away !... wait ! ( into second phone ) Bruce , just a second , Bruce -- I will explain everything . ( into first phone ) walter ! get this : I have get Earl Williams ... yes ! here in the Press room ... honest ! on the level . hurry -- I need you . she hang up and turn into second phone . hildy Bruce , this be the biggest thing that ever happen ... ( lower voice ) I just capture Earl Williams -- you know -- the murderer -- there be a knock on the door , but she do not hear it . hildy Bruce , I will be down -- well , Bruce , the minute I turn he over to the paper I will be right down . Bruce , do not you -- Bruce , I can not now -- I can not , do not you realize ? there be a click from the phone . he have hang up . hildy dejectedly hang up the phone . there be the sound of knock on the door . she spring up . mo . shot take in door . hildy glare apprehensively , then cross to it . hildy ( cautiously ) who 's there ? mollie' voice it 's I , mollie malloy ! let I in . hildy carefully unlock the door . mollie bound in like a wildcat and seize she . mollie where be they go ? you know where they be ? hildy wait a minute , mollie . she manage to relock the door , then turn , lean against it , face mollie . close shot hildy and mollie mollie they get he surround some place -- gonna shoot he like a dog ! hildy mollie , they have not get he . you gotta help I , mollie ! we have get to do something ! mollie what do you mean ? there be a sound -- a groan -- as Williams start to come to . mollie ( spin around ) what 's that ? hildy quiet , mollie ! mollie there 's something ' funny go on around here . mo . shot mollie cross to wall and switch on the light . she see Williams , sob and rush over to he . closeup earl and mollie mollie get down on she knee and begin minister to Earl . he open he eye . william hello , mollie . mollie begin to sob . wider angle shot hildy come over and say : hildy quiet , mollie , quiet ! william ( put out hand to stroke she hair ) do not cry , mollie , there 's nothing to cry about . hildy how would you get here , Earl ? william down the drainpipe . I do not mean to shoot he . you believe I , do not you , mollie ? mollie ( come up ) of course I believe you . william I forget to thank you for that rose . they be beautiful . mollie that 's all right , Mr. Williams ... ( to hildy ) you be a woman . you get to help we . you get to get he out of here , some place where I can take care of he . hildy stop scream , mollie or we be sink . I be try to think of something before that reporter get back . william let them take I . it 's better that way . mollie no -- I will never let them ! the door be try outside . mollie they will get he ! they will get he ! hildy ssh ! int . corridor outside PRESS room door close shot endicott at door be try to get in . endicott who lock the door ? int . PRESS room back to hildy hildy ( call ) just a second , Mike --- ( whisper to mollie ) mollie , I get it ! mo . close shot at desk hildy jump in to the desk and open it , turn to cry in a tense whisper to Earl : hildy can you get in this desk ? int . corridor close shot Wilson be there too , now , and he and endicott be pound on the door . wilson what 's go on in there ? int . PRESS room hildy , mollie and earl mollie and Earl be with hildy in front of desk now . they be speak in whisper . william what good will it do ? hildy we will get you out in ten minute . int . corridor outside door endicott open up there , will you ! int . PRESS room hildy , mollie and earl hildy ( cry ) all right -- all right ! mollie ( to Earl ) go on ! ( shove he to desk ) please ! william they will find I anyhow . there be further and louder pound on the door . Earl get in the desk . hildy and mollie pull the roll - top down over he . hildy ( call ) I be come ! ( to Earl ) keep dead quiet . do not even breathe . mollie ( to Earl ) I will be right here . I will not leave you . int . corridor outside door endicott ( give door a terrific kick ) hey ! int . PRESS room close shot hildy and mollie hildy ( to mollie ) mollie , drop down here ! you have faint ! mollie what 's the idea ? hildy never mind ! just play dead . hildy rapidly unbutton mollie 's waist and throw it back . the kick at the door continue . mo . shot hildy rush over to window and pull up the shade . mollie be lie quietly on the floor with she eye close . hildy rush over to water cooler and get a paper cup full of water . she throw the water in mollie 's face . mollie ( spluttering ) hey -- hildy ( fiercely ) shut up , you ! hildy cross swiftly to the door . int . corridor outside door the door open in endicott 's face and there be miss Johnson , quite cool . endicott kind of exclusive , be not you ? we get call to make , you know . hildy run down and get some smell salt , will you ? wilson smell salt ! what 's go on here ? they catch sight of mollie , stretch out on the floor . endicott mollie malloy -- what happen to she ? hildy ( as endicott and Wilson enter room ) come up here -- have hysterics and pass out . I have be try to get she to come to . int . PRESS room mo . shot mollie be shaking she head . endicott she look as though she 's go to come to . hildy give I a hand with she , will you ? endicott okay . ( lift mollie ) up you go , mollie . hildy and endicott lift mollie and seat she in a chair . Wilson cross to he phone . close shot wilson at phone wilson ( into phone ) City desk . mo . close shot take in hildy , Wilson and mollie and endicott . endicott she will be all right . ( cross to he phone ) the desk . wilson ( into phone ) well , they surround the house , all right , only they forget to tell Williams , and he be not there . mo . long shot taking in door Murphy come in . murphy ( see hildy , who have be fasten mollie 's blouse ) hildy , I think you be go -- hildy well -- I be go , but mollie faint away and I think I ought to do what I could . murphy some hallowe 'en goin ' on outside . the whole police force stand on it 's ear . Murphy cross to he phone . mccue come in . mccue ( panting ) what a chase ! endicott ( into phone ) no luck on Williams , yet -- call you back . he hang up . wilson ( into phone ) okay , later . he hang up . murphy ( into phone ) Murphy talk . schwartz come in . hildy any news ? schwartz yeah . I be never so tired in my life . he pick up he phone . mccue ( into phone ) where ? Harrison Street Station ? all right , connect I . schwartz ( into phone ) schwartz call ... out with hartman 's deputy . I be in a drugstore . you can not call I back because I be go right on with they . he hang up -- put he foot on the desk . close shot hildy and mollie hildy be you all right , now ? mollie yeah , I be feelin ' fine . mo . shot group murphy sure , mollie , you never look better in you life . mccue ( turn from phone ) yeah , hold the line . hey , this look good . a old lady just call the detective bureau and claim Williams be hide in she cellar . well - we have look every other place . want to go out on it ? endicott aw , nut with chase around any more . I spend a dollar-forty on taxi already . schwartz I say we do not go out any more . let Earl Williams come to we . closeup hildy hildy a fine bunch of reporter . biggest story in two year and they be too lazy to go after it . mo . shot group endicott it 's easy for you to talk . you be retire . we be still work . mccue okay . ( into phone ) forget it . ( he hang up ) hildy what 's the matter with you boy ? afraid it might rain ? if you want to go , I will cover this end . murphy say , hildy , if I know you , you sound pretty anxious to get rid of we . be you try to scoop we or something ? endicott something smell around here . if you ask I mollie give she the story on how Williams get that gun . ( turn on mollie ) do you smuggle that gun into Williams , mollie ? mollie I do not do nothin' . mccue ( crossing to mollie ) come clean , mollie . Wilson , endicott and Murphy follow mccue toward hildy . endicott better let we in on it , mollie . hildy aw , why do not you let she alone ? she 's ill ! murphy oh , you two be pal now -- I think you be right , endicott . mollie do give she some kind of story . endicott I tell you , it 's a screwy set-up . we better hold onto them both . at this point Mrs. baldwin appear in the doorway . hildy gasp and start for she . mo . shot at door Mrs. baldwin be in a very righteous mood . mrs . baldwin well ? close shot hildy as she come in to she . hildy mother ! mrs . baldwin do not you mother I ! play cat - and - mouse with my poor boy ! keeping he look up -- make we miss two train -- and suppose to be marry tomorrow ! hildy mother , I can explain everything . I will go with you in five minute and -- mrs . baldwin you do not have to go with I at all ! just give I my son 's money and you can stay here forever as far as I be concerned . stay with that murderer you catch ! close shot reporter as they get this . reaction as they glance at one another . mrs . baldwin' voice ( continue ) which one of this man be it ? they all look like murderer to I ! murphy where do she get that stuff ? schwartz shall we tell she what she look like ? endicott wait a minute ! what murderer do you catch , hildy ? mo . shot group the reporter be look intently at hildy and Mrs. baldwin . hildy I do not know what she 's talk about . I never say any such thing . mrs . baldwin I be quote my son , and he have never lie to I . the reporter move toward hildy and Mrs. baldwin speak simultaneously . reporter I know something stink around here -- who say she catch he --? what do you mean she catch a murderer --? etc . hildy ( desperately ) but I never say anything like that ! mrs . baldwin yes , you do ! closeup mollie mollie she never tell she that ! mo . close shot group hildy I say I be try to catch one . ( to Mrs. baldwin ) you get it ball up , mother . close shot take in mollie , with Murphy come into scene to she . murphy what do you know about it ? how do you know she do not ? he grab she cruelly by a arm . mollie let go ! endicott come into scene . endicott hold on to she , Jimmy -- she 's in with hildy on this . close shot hildy and mrs . baldwin hildy tense with anxiety , she eye on mollie , off . Murphy come viciously into scene to she and jerk hildy by a arm . murphy who you hold out on ? come clean , or we will make you wish you have -- mo . shot as the rest of the reporter surround hildy menacingly . endicott ( to hildy ) hildy , be you gonna cross we for walter burn after the way you tell he off ? wilson give in , hildy -- you can not get away with it . closeup mollie as she cry wildly : mollie wait ! you stool - pigeon ! she do not know where Williams be . I be the one that know . shot of reporter as they turn on mollie . endicott what do you mean , you know ? they start for mollie . mo . shot mollie begin back slowly around the table , away from they , toward the window . mollie go find out , you heel ! you do not think I be gonna tell ! closeup hildy who have remain rivete at desk . hildy let she alone ! she 's goofy ! mollie and reporter hemmed in by the mass reporter , she make a sudden lunge for the door . reporter look out ! Close that door ! etc. , etc . they split , some of they head she off at door , other from opposite side of table , so that she run back between window and table . mccue you be not gettin ' out o' here ! endicott now , where be he ? wilson where you hidin ' he ? mollie I be not gonna squeal ! I be not goin ' to ! murphy ( lean across table ) come on , you ! before we slap you down . endicott do you want we to call the cop and have they give you the boot ? murphy where be he , before we beat it out of you ? mollie ( back ) do not you come near I , you kidney foot ! Murphy continue to advance on she . the reporter start for she from the other side . mollie snatch up a chair and swing it at the advance circle of man . mollie ( wild and blubber ) let I alone or I will knock you head off ! endicott put down that chair ! schwartz get around -- get on the side of she . mollie ( still back ) no , you do not ! ( a scream ) keep away ! wilson grab she ! with a last , wild look at she encircle foe . mollie you will never get it out of I ! ( hurl chair at they ) I will never tell ! never ! she make a desperate leap for the open window and disappear out . her scream of terror be hear as she drop . then rush forward to : close shot at window as the reporter rush in and look out , a assortment of awed and astonished exclamation rise from they . close shot mrs . baldwin she turn away from the window and hide she face in she hand . mrs . baldwin take I out of here ! take I -- ( a moan ) oh-h -- she collapse to a chair . shot at window mccue ( turn ) get the cop , somebody . murphy ( turn ) come on , fella . they start in a rush for the door . mo . shot at door and desk as the reporter rush out , and hildy cross , daze to the window . hildy gee ! the poor kid ... the poor kid . reaching the window , she look out . ext . pavement shoot down from hildy angle the form of mollie on the pavement below move slightly in the moonlight , as guard rush into scene to she . voice ( of guard rush in ) get a doctor ! take she to the infirmary ! she be not kill -- she 's move ! int . PRESS room shoot into room from window hildy turn , shake , back into the room from the window and see advance to she across the room walter burn . diamond louie have enter with the boss and stand lean by the door . Mrs. baldwin 's face be still hide by she hand . hildy start for burn . hildy walter ! d- do you see -- ( gesture back to window ) -- that ? close shot burn burn yes . where be he ? hildy ( come in to he ) she jump out of the window . burn I know . where be he , I say . [ missing page ] close shot mrs . baldwin look up at they , off . mrs . baldwin what be you do ? burn ' voice shut up ! mrs . baldwin I will not shut up ! that girl kill herself . oh-h , you be do something wrong . what 's in that desk ? close at desk - taking in louie at the door burn slam close the desk and step to louie . close shot burn louie , take this lady over to polack Mike 's and lock she up . see that she do not take to anyone on the way . closeup mrs . baldwin mrs . baldwin what 's that -- what 's that ? close shot group as louie come in to Mrs. baldwin . hildy wait a minute , walter . you can not do that ! louie ( extend he hand as if to shake hand with Mrs. baldwin ) my name be Louis peluso . unluckily for she she respond , only to find herself jerk to she foot and spun around so that one of louie 's arm be about she waist and the other hand over she mouth . louie start she to door . burn tell them it 's a case of delirium tremen . trucking shot with they -- hildy catch up . hildy now , let go of she , louie . listen , walter , this will get I in a terrible jam with my fiance and I do not stand so well with he now . do not worry , mother , this be only temporary . at the door , louie get Mrs. baldwin out and disappear with she . hildy start after they , when burn ' arm come into scene , catch she . close shot burn and hildy burn where do you think you be go ? hildy let go o' I ! I have get to get Bruce out of jail ! oh , walter , why do you have to do this to I ? burn ( scornfully ) get Bruce out of jail ! how can you worry about a man who 's rest comfortably in a quiet police station while this be go on ? hildy , this be war ! you can not desert now ! hildy oh , get off that trapeze ! ( indicate desk , off ) there 's you story ! smear it all over the front page -- Earl Williams catch by the Morning Post ! and take all the credit -- I cover you story for you and I get myself in a fine mess do it -- and now I be get out ! I know I tell you that twice before today -- but this time I mean it ! burn you drool idiot ! what do you mean , you be get out ! there be three hundred and sixty - five day in the year one can get marry -- but how many time have you get a murderer lock up in a desk ? -- once in a lifetime ! hildy , you have get the whole city by the seat of the pants ! hildy I know , but -- burn ( interrupt ) you know ! you have get the brain of a pancake ! that be not just a story you cover -- it be a revolution ! hildy ! this be the great yarn in journalism since livingstone discover stanley for the New York Herald ! ( quickly close the door ) hildy ( slightly bewilder ) wait a minute -- be not it stanley who discover livingstone ? burn do not get technical at a time like this ! do you realize what you have do ? you have take a city that 's be graft-ridd for forty year under the same old gang and with this yarn you be kick them out and give we a chance to have the same kind of government that New York 's have under La guardia ! we will make such monkey out of this ward - heeler next Tuesday that nobody will vote for they -- not even they wife ! hildy ( the fire upon she ) I would like to think . burn well , think it then , because it 's true ! we will crucify that mob . we be go to keep Williams under cover till morning so the Post can break the story exclusive . then we will let the Governor in on the capture -- share the glory with he . hildy ( excited ) I get it ! burn you have kick over the whole City Hall like a apple-cart . you have get the Mayor and hartman back against a wall . you have put one administration out and another in . this be not a newspaper story -- it 's a career ! and you stand there belly - aching about whether you catch a eight o'clock train or a nine o'clock train ! still a doll - face mugg ! that 's all you be . hildy let I get at that typewriter and I will show you how a doll - face mugg can write ! burn attagirl ! why , they will be name street after you -- hildy Johnson Street ! there will be statue of you in the park , hildy . the radio will be after you -- the movie ! ( slapping he fist against he open palm ) by tomorrow morning I will betcha there 's a hildy Johnson cigar ! I can see the billboard now . Light up with hildy Johnson ! hildy whoa -- wait a minute . we can not leave Williams here . one of the other fellow will -- burn we be go to take he over to my private office . ( turn ) where 's we phone ? hildy that one -- how you gonna take he ? they will see he . shot at table as burn get phone and jiggle the hook . burn not if he 's inside the desk . we will carry the desk over . ( into phone ) give I duffy ! hildy you can not take that desk out . it 's crawl with cop outside . burn we will lower it out of the window with pulley . quit stallin' . as hildy seem abstract : burn hildy ! hildy ( come to ) huh ! burn get the lead out of you typewriter and start pound out a load , will you ? snap into it ! hildy how much do you want on it ? burn all the word you have get . hildy ( turn ) where 's some paper ? go out of scene . burn ( into phone ) hello ...! hello ! shot at desk as hildy come in , go to desk , she turn to call back : hildy can I call the Mayor a bird of prey -- or be that libelous ? closeup burn at phone burn call he a love-child , if you want to . ( into phone ) duffy ! close shot hildy have open the drawer of bensinger 's desk , she be toss play manuscript , syringe , patent medicine and old sock into the air , in a frantic search for paper . hildy ( call to burn ) how about the time he have he house paint by the Fire Department ? close shot burn burn give he the work . ( into phone ) hello , duffy , get set ! we have get the biggest story in the world . Earl Williams catch by the Morning Post -- exclusive ! two shot hildy and burn hildy have unearth a package of bensinger 's private stationary . she rise with it . burn ( to hildy ) Fine ! ( into phone ) now , listen , duffy -- I want you to tear out the whole front page ... that 's what I say -- the whole front page ! never mind the european war ! we have get something a whole lot bigger than that . hildy Johnson 's write the lead and I will phone it over to you as soon as she 's finish . ( he start to hang up , then think of something else ) oh , duffy ! get hold of butch O'Connor and tell he I want he to come up here with half a dozen other wrestler -- right away ! tell he we will run he picture on the sport page for two week straight . what ? I have get a desk I want move . never mind what desk ! dissolve to : ext . STREET night mo . long shot as the taxi dart through traffic , narrowly avoid car , truck , etc. , it come almost head - on to a oncoming car . int . taxicab - night - process close shot louie , worried , duck unconsciously . Mrs. baldwin faint across he lap . ext . STREET mo . long shot the taxi swerve just in time to duck the oncoming car . as it start forward again a truck come toward the cab , head on . int . taxicab - process close shot diamond louie push Mrs. baldwin into a upright position , take a look through the windshield , see the truck and give a big " takem " and faint across Mrs. baldwin . ext . STREET mo . shot the truck and taxicab crash and the screen black out . dissolve to : int . PRESS room - night close shot hildy at typewriter , smoke rise from she cigarette . as the camera angle widen we see a fairly dishevel hildy type away furiously . burn ' voice ( into phone ) " the blackest cesspool in american city life ! " hold on duffy , I will see if she 's get any more . burn come into the scene , tear a page out of hildy 's typewriter . she insert another one without notice . mo . shot burn go back to the phone as hildy continue to type furiously . burn ( into phone ) duffy -- duffy ! ( click the phone furiously ) Operator ! Operator ! get I duffy back . somebody cut we off ! another angle favoring door as Bruce baldwin enter . bruce hildy ! burn what the devil do you want ? listen , Bruce , you can not come in here now ! we be busy ! ( suddenly , into phone ) where you be , duffy ? stick around ! what ? what chinese earthquake ? the deuce with it ... what 's that ? close shot hildy type away madly . Bruce come into the scene . bruce hildy ! hildy ( look up , very casually ) hello , Bruce ... she resume she type , then suddenly realize the situation and jump up . hildy bruce !! how would you get out ? bruce ( the hand - off attitude ) not through any help of yours , hildy . hildy Bruce , I know , but I be in the biggest jam -- burn ' voice hildy ! mo . shot as hildy turn toward he voice , burn , still with the phone in he hand , keep talk to she . burn for Pete 's sake , hildy , they be wait for the rest of that story ! hildy ( resignedly ) okay , walter . ( sit down at she typewriter again ) close two shot bruce and hildy hildy begin type again . bruce I wait and wait and then I have a idea and wire albany to send I a hundred dollar so I could get out on bail ... ( desperately ) I do not know what they will think -- they send it to the police station ! hildy ( she barely stop type ) we will explain the whole thing to they . ( resume type ) bruce I know I get you into this , hildy , but it do seem to I that you can not care much for I if you be willing to let I stay lock up for two hour . hildy Bruce , you know I be mad about you and stop talk like that . ( call o.s. to walter ) walter ! close shot burn burn ( into phone ) take the President 's speech and run it on the funny page ... ( turn to hildy , o.s . ) what be it , hildy ? hildy voice what be the name of the Mayor 's first wife ? burn you mean the one who drank so much ? tillie ! close shot hildy and bruce hildy thanks . ( she type furiously ) close shot the desk its top open slowly and Williams ' head stick out . closeup burn including desk in b.g burn ( scream ) get back in there , you mock turtle ! the desk - top fall , the fugitive disappear within . closeup bruce turn around toward burn . bruce do you say anything , mister burn ? closeup burn cover up , fast . burn no -- I be just talk to one of the guy at the office . ( indicate phone in he hand ) mo . close shot bruce and hildy bruce ( to burn ) oh. ( turn to hildy ) I wonder what 's keep mother ? she be suppose to come down and get you . hildy oh , she be here . bruce where would she go ? hildy out some place . she type away . Bruce grab she and stop she . bruce hildy ! where 's mother ? hildy oh -- mother -- she -- I do not know where she go . bruce do you give she the money ? hildy no , I be go to give it to she -- but she leave hurriedly . bruce then suppose you give I the money . four hundred and fifty dollar . hildy oh , yes . here it be . she get the wallet . burn come into the scene and pull another page out of she machine . hildy here it be , Bruce . one -- two -- three -- four hundred -- and fifty dollar . bruce ( drily ) thank you . closeup burn watch this with a grin . mo . shot feature the threesome . bruce ( to hildy ) and I will take that certified check , too . I have decide I can handle thing around here ... burn come on , hildy , we have get to keep go ! sorry , Bruce , but -- hildy just a second , walter . here , Bruce , here 's the check ... and , oh , Bruce , here 's you wallet . I get it back . bruce ( take it and surveying it coldly ) you get it back , eh ? there 's something funny go on around here . burn hildy ! hildy all right , walter . she sit down and begin to type . bruce I be take the nine o'clock train , hildy . and you can meet we at the station . hildy Fine . she type away . burn ( come over to Bruce ) I will see she 's there , Bruce , I promise you . bruce ( dramatically ) if she 's not there , mother and I be leave anyhow ! but hildy continue type and do not even get it . camera truck with burn as he lead Bruce away toward door . burn I know how you feel , Bruce , but you have get to forgive she . she 's only a woman , after all . bruce suppose she be -- I have feeling , too ! do you know where I have be for the last couple of hour ? lock up in a police station and she do not move to do anything about it . burn ts! ts! ts! bruce and now I do not know where my mother be . she may be lose . burn I will find she , Bruce , if I have to put every detective in the city on the job . tell you what -- go over to the miss person Bureau and describe you mother . what do she look like ? bruce she 's -- well , she 's very motherly . that 's about the best description I know . burn ( nodd ) that 's the kind of stuff they want ! they go out the door . int . corridor outside door mo . close shot as they come out . burn oh , Bruce , let I see that money hildy give you . bruce the money ? why ? burn there 's a lot of counterfeit big bill go around . bruce ( worried ) gee ! take a look , will you ? he hand the money to burn . burn look at it carefully and hand it back . burn oh , this be all right , Bruce . I just want to be sure . bruce say , I want to be sure , too ! int . PRESS room mo . shot hildy be type furiously . burn enter , grin , lock the door behind he and go to phone and pick it up . burn ( into phone ) duffy . good . stick close . he turn and cross quickly to look out the window . at window burn come in to window . burn ( despairingly ) now the moon 's out ! he turn away , crossing to the desk , the camera trucking with he . at the desk he tap three time , be answer by three tap from within . burn Fine . Three tap be I . do not forget ! you be sit pretty , now . get enough air ? he raise top a inch or two and fan air in to Williams . burn be that better ? now breathe deep ! we hear a intake of breath from inside the desk . burn attaboy ! he close the desk and turn back to the table . as he pass hildy , who be still type rapidly : burn ( look over she shoulder ) that 's the stuff ! Lam it into them , hildy . he jerk the sheet from hildy 's machine , cross to he desk and pick up the phone . burn ( into phone ) hello ! duffy , ready ? here we go ! closeup burn read from the page he have take from hildy 's typewriter . burn ( into phone ) " in the darkest hour of the city 's history -- " int . MAIN floor criminal court build long shot at the end of the hall be glass door through which can be see a turmoil of activity in the street outside -- newsboy , a crowd , and a mount policeman or two . Bruce come down the hall , he face set and angry . as he go , he see a sign set over a doorway in the hall . it read : missing person bureau . he stop and enter . int . PRESS room - night closeup burn at phone burn ( into phone ) listen , do you impress it on butch that I want he and he gang here right away ? you do ? every minute count . all right . ( put receiver down on table ) duffy 's get old ! close shot hildy hildy where 's butch ? burn ' voice he 's on the way . hildy ( over she type ) he would better hurry . the boy will be come back to phone . burn ( come into shot to peer over she shoulder ) well , keep go ! we want a extra out on the street before it 's too late ! hildy ( look up suddenly ) where 's Bruce ? burn Bruce ? oh -- er -- he go out to get the ticket . hildy what ticket ? burn railroad ticket . hildy be he come back here ? burn do not you hear he ? of course he 's come back here . keep go , will you ? mo . shot as burn leave hildy and go over to desk and pick up he phone again . burn ( into phone ) duffy ! ext . corridor outside door - night close shot bensinger find the door lock , he knock . int . PRESS room - night mo . close shot burn and hildy as another knock come , they take it big . hildy ( call ) who be it ? ext . corridor outside door - night close shot bensinger bensinger what 's the idea of lock this ? int . PRESS room - night close shot burn and hildy hildy that 's bensinger . that 's he desk . burn ( whisper ) what 's he name ? the door knob be rattle violently . hildy bensinger -- of the tribune . ext . corridor outside door - night close shot bensinger bensinger open this door ! int . PRESS room close shot burn he start for the door . burn I will handle he . camera truck with he to the door . burn the tribune , eh ? watch I ! he open the door . at door bensinger ( as he come in ) ai not you get any more sense than to -- ? ( see burn and be overcome ) oh , h-hello , Mr. burn . why , quite a honor have you come over here . burn ( casually ) hello , bensinger . bensinger Excuse I , I just want to -- he start for the desk . hildy 's type go on , come in over the scene . burn ( start for the desk , suddenly block he path ) quite a coincidence , my run into you tonight . be not it , hildy ? hildy voice yeh . bensinger how do you mean ? closeup burn and bensinger burn I be have a little chat about you just this afternoon -- with we mister duffy . bensinger ( essay a pleasantry ) nothing -- ah -- detrimental , I hope . burn I should say not ! that be one swell story you have in the paper this morning . bensinger ( deeply move ) oh , do you -- care for the poem , Mr. burn ? burn ( startle ) the poem ?... the poem be great ! bensinger ( blink at this word ) remember the end ? ( and he recite ) " -- and all be well , outside he cell , but in he heart he hear the hangman Calling and the gallow fall and he white - haire mother 's tear ... " burn ( overcome ) heartbreak ! how would you like to work for I ? bensinger what ? medium shot take in table , hildy type there . burn ( to bensinger ) we need somebody like you . all we have get now be a lot of low -brow . like Johnson here . he start shove bensinger away from the desk , toward the table . bensinger seriously , Mr. burn ? cling to he , burn take he to the phone . burn ( into phone ) duffy ! I be send bensinger over to see you . ( look up at bensinger ) mervyn , be not it ? bensinger no. Roy . Roy V. burn ( with a little laugh at he own forgetfulness ) of course ! ( into phone ) Roy bensinger , the poet . of course you would not know ! you probably never hear of Shakespeare , either ! put Mr. bensinger right on the staff . ( to bensinger ) how much be you get on the tribune , Roy ? bensinger seventy -five . burn I will give you a hundred and a by - line . another angle as burn continue . burn ( into phone ) let he have everything he want . ( put down the receiver ; turn to bensinger ) now hustle and write I a story from the point of view of the escape man . ( act it out ) he hide , cower ... afraid of every light , of every sound ... hear footstep ... he heart go like that ... and all the time they be close in ... get the sense of a animal at bay ! bensinger sort of a Jack London style ? trucking shot burn exactly ! lead he hurriedly to the door . bensinger I get my rhyme dictionary in -- ( indicate desk ) burn ( get he to door ) it do not have to rhyme ! close shot - at door as bensinger turn there . bensinger gee , I be terribly grateful , mister burn . do you suppose there might be a open some time as foreign correspondent ? I parley a little french , you know . burn shake hand with he and open the door with the other hand . burn I will keep you in mind . bensinger ( go ) au revoir , mon capitaine . burn ( never at a loss in any language ) bon jour ! continue he french , he get the door close and relocked and turn for the table , sing as he do so : burn Mademoiselle from armontiere , parlay -- mo . shot burn return alertly to table , not notice that hildy have stop type , and sit stare moodily before she . burn ( into phono ) duffy ! get this ! closeup burn - at phone burn a rat from the tribune be come over to get a job -- bensinger , the guy I tell you about . handle he with kid glove . tell he to get busy write poetry ... no , we do not want he . stall he along until the extra come out . then tell he he poetry stink and kick he downstairs . he lay down receiver . wider angle take in hildy . she look up at he . hildy ( to burn ) double -crossing swine ! burn you say it ! but this will teach he a lesson . he will not quit he paper without give notice after this . hildy do not bother to reply . she rest she chin on she hand and stare moodily ahead . burn tear into it , will you ? do not sit there like a freeze robin ! hildy I be finish . burn finish ! he grab the last sheet of paper out of she typewriter , kiss she and rush over to the telephone . closeup burn at phone . burn ( into phone ) duffy ! all right -- here we go ! and get it out as soon as you can . I want this paper out on the street in half a hour ! ( read hildy 's copy ) " so once more the Morning Post -- " ext . criminal court bldg . - night mo . shot diamond louie , bear evidence of a mishap , he hat crush , he face bruise and he clothes tear , come run down the sidewalk and up the step into the building . int . PRESS room - night mo . shot hildy be up now , pace . hildy Bruce ought to be back by now . walter , you be not try anything again , be you ? burn ( come over to she ) hildy , you think I could ? after this story ? ( take a flask from he pocket ) here ! you be just nervous . hildy take the flask and take a drink . there be a knock on the door . burn take the flask from she , restore it to he pocket and go to the door . burn who be it ? louiee' voice it 's I , boss -- louie . burn ( open the door ) it 's louie ! louie slip in and burn relock the door . burn ( see louie 's disarray ) what 's the matter ? hildy cross to louie . hildy ( frantically ) where 's Mrs. baldwin ? burn what do you do with she ? hildy ( almost afraid to speak ) what happen ? close shot - the three burn you be in a fight ? louie ( still out of breath ) down western Avenue . we be go sixty - five mile a hour . you know what I mean ? burn take that mush out of you mouth ! hildy where 's the old lady ? louie I be tell you ! closeup - louie as he get breath and blurt : louie we run smack into a police patrol . you know what I mean ? we break it in half ! back to group hildy ( moan ) oh-h-h ... be she hurt ? burn where be she ? tell I ! hildy louie ! louie I be tell you . can you imagine bump into a load of cop ?! they come rollin ' out like orange ! hildy ( seize he ) what do you do with she ? louie search I ! when I come to I be run down thirty -fifth Street . hildy -- you be with she . you be in the cab , be not you ? louie ( expose he bruise scalp ) be I ? the driver get knock cold . burn butter-finger ! I give you a old lady to take somewhere , and you hand she over to the cop ! louie what do you mean , I hand she ? the patrol wagon be on the wrong side of the street . burn now everything 's fine . she 's probably squawk she head off in some police station . closeup - louie louie I do not think she 's talk much ... you know what I mean ? he wink reassuringly . back to group hildy ( paralyze ) do not tell I -- be she kill ? burn ( hopefully ) be she ? do you notice ? louie say , I with a gun on my hip and a kidnap old lady on my hand , I should stick around ask question from a lot of cop ! you know what I mean ? hildy sink into a chair . close shot hildy in the chair hildy Dead ... dead ! that 's the end ! burn come into scene to she . burn it 's fate , hildy . what will be , will be . hildy ( wildly ) what be I go to say to Bruce ? what will I tell he ? burn if he really love you , you will not have to tell he anything . ( whack she on the shoulder ) snap out of it ! would you rather have have the old dame drag the whole police force in here ? hildy I kill she . I be responsible . oh - h... what can I do now ? how can I ever face he ? oh , I hope he never come back ! she bury she face in she hand . burn look at I , hildy -- hildy ( spring up ) I be look at you -- you murderer ! burn if it be my own mother , I would carry on ! you know I would . for the paper ! hildy ( call off to louie ) louie , where would it happen ? I be go out ! mo . shot group the Post phone ring . burn ( grab hildy ) you stay here . I will find out everything . louie ( to hildy ) western an' thirty -fourth . hildy jump for the outside phone on the desk . two shot including burn at phone and hildy at phone burn ( into phone ) hello -- hello ... hildy ( into phone ) gimme western four-five-five -seven . burn ( guard ) who ? ( wildly ) hello , butch ! where be you ? hildy ( into phone ) Mission Hospital ? gimme the receiving room . burn ( into phone ) what be you do there ? have not you even start ? hildy ( into phone ) hello -- Eddie ? hildy Johnson . be there a old lady bring in from a auto smashup ? burn ( into phone ) oh , for -- ( yell ) H. sebastian -- butch ! listen , it 's a matter of life and death ! listen ! hildy ( into phone ) nobody ? ( jiggle hook ) morningside three - one-two-four . burn ( into phone ) I can not hear ... you get who ? speak up ! a what ?... you can not stop for a dame now ! hildy ( into phone ) be this the Community Hospital ? burn ( howling into phone ) I do not care if you have be after she for six year ! butch , we whole life be at stake ! be you go to let a woman come between we after all we have be through ? hildy ( into phone ) hello , Max , hildy Johnson . be there a old lady --? burn ( into phone , drown out hildy ) butch ! I would put my arm in fire for you -- up to here ! ( indicate up to where ) now , you can not double - cross I !... she do ? all right -- put she on . I will talk to she ... hello ! oh , hello , madam ... now listen , you ten-cent glamour girl , you can not keep butch away from he duty ... what 's that ? you say that again and I will come over there and knock you eye out ! hello ? ( turn , as he hang up ) I will kill them ! I will kill both of them ! ( into Post phone ) duffy ! ( to the universe ) mousing around with some big blonde Annie on my time ! that 's co-operation ! ( scream into phone ) duffy !! hildy shut up , will you ? ( into phone ) you sure ? nobody ? burn ( into phone ) duffy !!!! ( listen ) ( into phone ) duffy !!!! ( listen ) well , where be duffy ? ( throw receiver to desk ) diabete ! I ought to know better than to hire anybody with a disease . ( turn ) louie . mo . shot group burn ( to louie ) it 's up to you . louie ( loyally ) anything you want , boss . burn beat it out and get hold of some guy . louie who do you want ? burn ( start for the door , follow by louie ) anybody with hair on he chest . get them off the street -- anywhere . offer they anything -- only get they . ( confidentially ) we have get to get this desk out of here . he unlock the door . louie you know I . the shirt off my back . burn you get plenty of money ? louie sure , boss . burn I mean real money -- not counterfeit ! louie I always have both . he go out . burn ( call after he ) and do not bump into anything . he relock the door . hildy Lafayette two-one-hundred . burn ( turn from door ) that dumb immigrant will flop on I . I know it . ( bitterly ) can you imagine butch do this to I -- at a time like this ? close shot hildy at phone , taking in desk burn step into scene . burn ( confidentially ) if louie do not come back in five minute we will get it out alone . there 's million of way . we can start a fire and get the firemen to carry it out in the confusion . he cross to the desk and inspect it . hildy ( into phone ) Ring that number , will you ? burn ( to hildy , oblivious of she telephon ) come here . see if we can move it . hildy ( into phone ) hello -- hello ! be this the lying -- in Hospital ? do you have a auto accident in the last -- burn ( interrupt ) will you come here ? hildy ( into phone ) oh , I see . I beg you pardon . burn when I be surround , with my back against the wall , you be not go to lay down on I , be you -- hildy yes . she jiggle the phone hook . burn ( go to she ) hildy , you just can not leave I out on a limb now . it -- it would not be cricket ! hildy I do not care what you say . I be go to find Bruce 's mother . ( she jiggle the hook madly ) oh-h ... ( she hang up ) I be go out and find she ! grabbing she hat and purse , she start for the door . mo . shot of hildy , taking in door there be a loud knock on the door . burn ( come into scene after hildy ) do not open that ! hildy ( at the door ) who say so ? I be go to the morgue -- to look -- she unlock the door . close shot at door as hildy fling the door open , only to find the sheriff , accompany by two deputy -- Carl and Frank -- and surround by mccue , Murphy , schwartz , Wilson and endicott . murphy there she be ! mccue say , hildy ... hildy make a decision and try to push through they , but the sheriff grab she and push she back . hartman just a minute , Johnson ! hildy let go o' I . what 's the idea ? mccue what 's you hurry ? murphy we want to see you . the deputy seize she . hildy take you paw off I ! hartman hold she , boy ! burn come into scene . burn ( to sheriff ) who do you think you be , break in here like this ? hartman you can not bluff I , burn . I do not care who you be or what paper you be editor of . hildy ( struggle ) let I go ! ( hysterically ) fellow , something 's happen to my mother - in- law . hartman hang onto she ! keep she in here ! mo . shot as hildy break loose and retreat back into the room before hartman and the deputy . mccue we know what you be up to . endicott probably goin ' out to get Williams . schwartz the door be lock . wilson she and mollie be talk . hildy I do not know anything , I tell you . there 's be a accident . hartman Johnson , there 's something very peculiar go on . hildy you can send somebody with I if you do not believe I ! hartman I be not bear yesterday . now the boy tell I you and this mollie malloy -- hildy nobody 's try to put anything over on you . I be get out of here and you can not stop I ! murphy ( come into scene ) you be not go anywhere . ( to the sheriff ) she 's get the story sew up , pete. ( indicate burn ) that 's why burn be here . schwartz we be on to you , hildy . let we in on it . two shot - sheriff and burn burn ( purring ) if you have any accusation to make , hartman , make they in the proper manner . otherwise , I will have to ask you to get out . hartman ( pop -ey ; stammer ) you will ask I to what ? burn get out ! hartman ( to deputy , off ) Close that door . do not let anybody in or out . mo . shot - the group murphy come on , pinky ! give them a little third degree . endicott make they talk and you get Williams , pinky ! hartman Johnson , I be go to the bottom of this . what do you know about Williams ? be you go to talk or be not you ? hildy what do I know about Williams ? hartman all right , boy . take she along . I get way of make she talk . the deputy seize hildy . she struggle . hildy look out , you -- mccue ( nervously ) what 's the use of fight , hildy ? hildy manage to get in a few resounding smack on the deputy ' face . the reporter swarm around the struggle trio . there be shout of : " I get she ! " " no , you do not ! " " aw , hildy ... " , etc . in the struggle , hildy suddenly drop she purse . it land with a clank and come open . a gun be reveal on the floor . hildy pick it up . deputy hey , she 's get a gun ! look out , she 's get a gun ! the deputy and reporter start to close in on she cautiously . hildy ( try to face in all direction ) no , you do not ! walter ! burn what be it ? here ! she toss the gun to walter , but one of the deputy intercept the throw . hartman gimme that . he take the gun from the deputy . closer shot the sheriff stand freeze , stare at the gun . hartman ( to hildy ) where would you get this ? hildy I have get a right to carry a gun if I want to . hartman not this gun ! burn come into scene . burn ( easily ) I can explain that , hartman . when hildy tell I she want to interview Earl Williams I think it might be dangerous and I give she a gun to defend herself . hartman oh , you do ! well , that 's very , very interesting . this happen to be the gun that Earl Williams shot he way out with ! reporter ad lib what ? what 's that ? etc ... burn ( advance on sheriff ) be you try to make I out a liar ? murphy ( bitterly at hildy ) it 's the last time I ever trust a woman , hildy . schwartz maybe Williams be gonna be she best man . wilson that 's pretty rotten , hildy . cross you own pal . hartman ( shove up to hildy ; tremble ) where be Earl Williams ? where you get he ? burn ( sympathetically ) you be bark up the wrong tree , hartman . hartman I will give you three minute to tell I where he be . hildy he go over to the hospital to call on Professor egelhoffer . hartman ( outrage ) what ? hildy with a bag of marshmallow . the sheriff stand silent -- then hastily turn . mo . shot group around hildy reporter ad lib come on , hildy . where be he ?... this be a sweet trick , hildy ... I think we be friend ... etc. ( to sheriff ) look here , Pete ! what about mister burn ?... ask the master mind ! what 's he do over here ? hartman ( grab burn ' arm ) speak up ! what do you know about this . burn ( gently but firmly disengaging he hand ) my dear hartman ! he move casually to a post before the desk and maintain it . murphy can that ! where be he ? burn ( to sheriff ) the Morning Post be not obstruct justice or hide criminal . you ought to know that . hartman no? well -- ( turn to hildy ) Johnson , you be under arrest . ( turn to burn ) you , too , burn . burn ( calmly ) who 's under arrest ? you pimple -headed , square - to spy -- do you realize what you be do ? hartman I will show you what I be do . burn , you be guilty of obstruct justice and so be the Morning Post . I be go to see that the Post be fine ten thousand dollar for this . burn you will see nothing of the kind , sheriff . hartman we will just start by impound the Post property . ( point to bensinger 's desk , address hildy ) be that you desk ? hildy ( jump ) no ! burn ( almost simultaneously ) yes ! what be you afraid of hildy ? I dare he to move that desk out of here . hartman oh , you do , eh ? ( to deputy ) all right , boy . confiscate that desk . several of the deputy start toward the desk . burn ( try to intercept deputy ) hartman , if you take this desk out of this building , I will put you behind bar . hartman you will , eh ? well , we will see about that . ( to deputy ) all right , boy . take it . burn I be warning you -- it will be a Federal offense . ( to deputy nearest he ) and you will be a accessory ! hartman we will take a chance on that , burn . ( to deputy ) go ahead , boy . ( the deputy continue toward the desk ) int . corridor outside PRESS room - night mo . shot flanke by two policeman , Mrs. baldwin , dishevel , with she hat over one ear , be march toward the Press room , bound for vengeance . Bruce , considerably upset , be with she . as they reach the door to the Press room , Mrs. baldwin stop . mrs . baldwin you wait outside , Bruce . bruce but , mother -- mrs . baldwin ( firmly ) no ! you will weaken when you see that little Jezebel ! I be go to tell she what I think of she ! she plump she hat down more firmly on she head and march into the Press room follow by the two policeman . Bruce remain outside the door . int . PRESS room take in door as it open and Mrs. baldwin , follow by the policeman , come in . hildy ( leaping forward ) mother ! mrs . baldwin ( point out burn to the officer ) that man there ! hildy ( hugging Mrs. baldwin ) mother ! oh , I be so glad to see you ! be you all right ? tell I . Mrs. baldwin indignantly shake she off . hartman what 's the idea here ? policeman this lady claim she be kidnap . hartman what ? mrs . baldwin they drag I all the way down the stair -- hartman just a minute . do -- do -- ( point to burn ) -- this man have anything to do with it ? mrs . baldwin he be the one in charge of everything ! he tell they to kidnap I ! burn ( amaze ) be you refer to I , madam ? mrs . baldwin you know you do ! hartman what about this , burn ? kidnap , eh? burn ( round -ey ) oh , try to frame I , eh ! I never see this woman before in my life ! mrs . baldwin oh , what a thing to say ! I be stand right here - after the girl jump out of the window . hartman do you get the Mayor ? deputy he 's come over . burn ( to Mrs. baldwin ) now , madam -- be honest . if you be out joy-ride , drunk , and get into some scrape , why do not you admit it , instead of accuse innocent people ? mrs . baldwin ( beginning to doubt she sense ) you ruffian ! how dare you say a thing like that ? hilda please , mother , he 's just crazy ! mrs . baldwin ( to sheriff ) I will tell you something more . I will tell you why they do it ! burn ( fidget ) come on , sheriff . we have get to get bail . mrs . baldwin ( continue crescendo ) I be in here -- and they have some kind of murderer in with they . they be hide he ! this be a bombshell . the room be electrify . hartman hiding he ? in here ? Murphy , follow by the reporter , come into scene . murphy hiding he where ? hildy mother ! reporter where be he ?... where would they have he ?... etc . close shot burn at the desk . burn ( with superb indignation ) madam , you be a cockey liar ! and you know it ! to emphasize he righteousness , he pound on the desk three time , forget that that be he signal to Williams . then , realize what he have do , he gasp . mo . shot burn advance from desk , the other retreate before he . burn ( anxiously ) come on , sheriff , we have get to get bail . Three answer knock come from the desk . group shot with doorway in b.g they jump around to face the desk . hartman ( whisper ) what be that ? reporter ad lib he 's in the desk ! -- for the love of -- he 's in there ! etc. hartman aha ! I think so ! stand back , everybody ! deputy look out , sheriff . he may shoot ! hartman get you gun out ! the policeman and deputy get out they gun . hildy he 's harmless . hartman do not take any chance . shoot through the desk . hildy he can not hurt anybody . you have get he gun . mrs . baldwin ( panic-stricken ) oh , dear ! oh , dear ! burn you grey-haire old juda ! mrs . baldwin let I out ! let I out of here ! she streak for the door , fling it open and go . the reporter tear out of scene to they telephone . hartman ( to policeman ) you stand there ! murphy' voice City desk ! Quick ! schwartz ' voice gimme the desk ! hartman ( to another policeman ) you there ! endicott' voice City desk ! hurry ! mccue' voice gimme emil ... hartman ( to a deputy , point with he gun toward the window ) you cover the window . murphy' voice look out where you be point that gun ! the sheriff draw he man in around the desk , they gun draw on it . wilson's voice lemme have the desk ! Quick ! murphy' voice hold the wire ! I have get a flash for you ! burn ( to hildy ) call duffy ! hartman no , you do not ! burn ( to sheriff , furiously ) do you want to get we scoop ? mccue' voice emil ? hang on for a second . hartman now then , everybody aim at the center . and when I say three -- hildy that 's murder ! hartman ( change he mind ) all right ! Carl ! Frank ! one of you get on each side of the desk . take hold of the cover . they do . hartman now then ! we get you cover , Williams . do not try to move . now ! everybody quiet and ready for a emergency . I be go to count three . schwartz hold it ! something come up . hartman one ! endicott hold the phone ! murphy ( into the phone ) I will have it in a minute . hartman two ! wilson ( into phone ) right away now ! hartman ( turn back to desk ) everybody ready ? all right . now then , up with it . two deputy raise the cover . Williams be reveal , cower in the desk , he hand over he face . the sheriff rush on he , jabbing he gun into he . close shot sheriff and william hartman get you , Williams ! william ( a wail ) go on -- shoot I ! medium shot as the police and deputy come in to assist the sheriff . the reporter be telephon in , the police shouting -- all the voice mixing in , in incredible confusion , as the sheriff rush Williams to the door and take he out . murphy' voice Earl Williams be just capture in the Press room of the criminal court Building , hide in a desk . officer ad lib ( all talk at once ) grab he ! that 's he ! do not let he shoot ! stick them up ! -- etc. closeup mccue at phone mccue ( into phone ) ... Williams in a rolltop -- closeup wilson at phone wilson ( into phone ) -- nab Williams hide -- endicott' voice -- find Williams ' hide place . schwartz ' voice he offer no resistance . closeup mccue at phone mccue ( into phone ) Williams put up a desperate struggle but the police overpower -- closeup murphy at phone murphy ( into phone ) -- try to shoot it out with the cop but he gun would not work , so -- wilson be voice -- try to break through the cordon of police -- closeup endicott at phone endicott ( into phone ) Williams be unconscious when they open the desk -- closeup burn grab the Post phone . burn ( into phone ) duffy ! the Morning Post just turn Earl Williams over to the sheriff . close shot the sheriff come in the door with two policeman and leaping to get the phone away from burn . mo . shot burn at phone , hildy beside he burn ( into phone ) duffy ! the sheriff and police come into scene . hartman ( indicate burn and hildy ) put the cuff on that two ! the police handcuff hildy and burn . endicott a anonymous note receive by the sheriff lead to Williams ' capture . more later . he hang up . closeup murphy at phone murphy ( into phone ) a old sweetheart of Williams ' doublecross he . call you back . he hang up . mo . shot taking in door reporter where 's that old lady ? hey , madam ! where would she go ? where 's the old dame ? etc. , etc . they run out after Mrs. baldwin , the Mayor enter just after they go . burn and hildy , handcuff together , stand near the sheriff . hartman ( into phone ) hello , girlie -- gimme cooley . Quick ! burn hartwell , you be go to wish you would never be bear ! the Mayor come into scene . mayor Fine work , Pete ! you certainly deliver the goods . I be proud of you . hartman ( hold the phone ) look kind o' natural , do not they , Fred ? mayor ( happily ) a sight for sore eye ! hartman ( roll in catnip ) aid a escape criminal ! and a little charge of kidnap I be look into . ( into phone ; suddenly ) but that 's the jail ! there must be somebody there ! mayor well ! look like about ten year apiece for you bird ! burn do it ? you forget the power that always watch over the Morning Post . mayor you luck 's not with you now ! hartman ( into phone ) cooley ?... I catch Williams single - hand -- we be go to proceed with the hang per schedule ! he wiggle the hook for another call . burn ( to Mayor ) you be go to be in office for exactly two day more and then we be pull you nose out of the feed bag . hartman ( into phone ) give I the District Attorney 's office . ( to burn ) I will tell you what you will be do -- make broom in the State penitentiary . ( into phone ) hello , d'arrasty ! this be hartwell . come over to my office , will you ? I have just arrest a couple of important bird and I want to take they confession . he hang up . burn make a sudden lunge for the Morning Post phone and cry into it . burn ( into phone ) duffy ! get liebowitz ! mayor all the lawyer in the world be not go to help you ! burn this be the Morning Post you be talk to ! mayor ( enjoy himself ) the power of the press , huh ! he laugh . pinkus , the Governor 's messenger , plentifully stew , reel in the door . he approach the Mayor and sheriff who have they back to he . burn ( at the Mayor ) bigger man than you have find out what the power of the press be ... President !... yes -- and king ! pinkus ( woozy ; hand sheriff the reprieve over he shoulder ) here 's you reprieve . the Mayor and sheriff spin around . mayor ( in a panic ) get out of here ! pinkus you can not bribe I ! burn what 's this ? hartman get out of here , you ! pinkus I will not . here 's you reprieve . hildy what ? pinkus I do not want to be City sealer . I do not like seal anyhow . they smell . mayor who be this man ? hartman ( to a officer ) throw he out , Frank . hildy ( seize pinkus with she free hand ) who be bribe you ? burn also seize pinkus who be be pull out of shape . pinkus they would not take it . mayor you be insane ! burn ( triumphant ) what do I tell you ? a unseen power ! ( to pinkus ) what 's you name ? pinkus silas f. pinkus . mayor you drunken idiot ! arrest he ! the idea of come here with a cock - and - bull story like that ! hartman it 's a frame - up ! some imposter ! hildy wait a minute ! ( to the officer ) let go there ! burn ( to sheriff and Mayor ) murder , uh ? hildy hanging a innocent man to win a election ! hartman that 's a lie !! mayor I never see he before ! burn ( to pinkus ) when do you deliver this first ? hildy who do you talk to ? pinkus they start right in bribe I ! hildy who 's ' they ' ? pinkus ( indicate the Mayor and sheriff ) they ! mayor that 's absurd on the face of it , Mr. burn ! he 's talk like a child . burn out of the mouth of babe . mayor he 's insane or drunk or something . why , if this unfortunate man , Williams , have really be reprieve , I personally be tickle to death . be not you , Pete ? hildy go on , you would kill you mother to get elect ! mayor that 's a horrible thing to say , miss Johnson , about anybody ! ( to burn ) now , look here , walter , you be a intelligent man -- burn ( interrupt ) just a minute . ( to pinkus ) all right , Mr. pinkus . let 's have you story . pinkus well , I be marry for ten year and -- burn ( interrupt ) skip all that . mayor ( loudly ) take that handcuffs off we friend , Pete . that be not at all necessary . hartman ( spring to obey ) I be just go to ! he get the key from the officer . mayor walter , I can not tell you how badly I feel about this . there be no excuse for hartwell to fly off the handle . hartman ( unlock the handcuffs ) I be only do my duty . nothing personal in it . they be set free . hildy you guy better quit politics and take in wash . mayor ( look over the reprieve ) sheriff , this document be authentic ! Earl Williams have be reprieve , this commonwealth have be spare the painful necessity of shed blood . burn save that for the tribune . mayor ( to pinkus ) what do you say you name be -- pinkus ? pinkus that 's right . he show the Mayor a locket . pinkus here 's the picture of my wife . mayor a very fine- look woman . pinkus ( mysteriously angere ) she 's good enough for I ! and if I be to go home and tell my wife -- mayor I understand perfectly , Mr. pinkus , and as long as I be Mayor -- burn which ought to be about three hour more , I would say . hildy just until we can get out a special edition ask for you impeachment . burn and you arrest . you will each get about ten year , I think . mayor do not make any hasty decision , Mr. burn , you might run into a thumping big libel suit . hildy you be go to run into the Governor . mayor ( try to brush it off ) now , my old friend the Governor and I understand each other perfectly . hartman ( eagerly ) and so do I ! mayor ( with superb contempt ) so do you what , you hoodoo ! ( to pinkus , suavely ) and now , Mr. pinkus , if you will come with we , we will take you over to the warden 's office and deliver this reprieve . the sheriff , pinkus and the Mayor go out of scene . burn ( dreamily ) wait till that two future jailbird read the Morning Post tomorrow . walter turn to hildy and they suddenly smile at each other . hildy how be that for a tight squeeze ? burn do not tell I you be worried ! hildy worried ! I be petrify . be not you ? burn uh-uh . as long as we be in there together pitching -- they could not lick we . well , it 's be a lot of fun . hildy in a way . burn ( laugh ) I mean -- work together . just like the old day . the thing we have be through , hildy . hildy we have certainly be in some swell jam . burn remember the time we break into the d.a. 's office , and copy fifi randell 's diary ? hildy yeah . what about the time we hide the miss heiress in the sauerkraut factory ? six scoop interview ! burn yeah - but that time we steal Old Lady haggerty 's stomach off the coroner 's physician . we prove she be poison though , do not we ? hildy ( laugh ) we sure do , but we have to go in hide for a week . burn in the shoreland Hotel . and we only chaperon be the poor old lady 's stomach . hildy do not remind I . that 's how we happen to -- she break off . there be a moment 's pause . burn sorry , hildy . I do not mean to be make love to another man 's fiancee . hildy that 's all right , walter . it 's as much my fault as yours . burn ( glance at the clock ) Bruce be make the nine o'clock train . I tell he you would be on it -- unless you want to write this story yourself . hildy well , if it 's my last story , I would like it to be a good one . but -- I guess I can not , walter . burn suit yourself , kid . this be not for I to decide . of course , you could make a later train and still be in albany tomorrow morning . hildy yeah . I suppose I could . but , walter -- burn he 's go to have you the rest of he life , hildy . can not you give I another hour ? hildy I do not know what to do , walter . burn flip a coin . hildy all right . ( take coin from she bag ) head I go -- tail I stay to write the story . ready ? closeup burn gaze nervously at the hand hold the coin . burn ready . close shot burn and hildy she flip and catch the coin . she hold it tightly clasped in she hand , afraid to look . they stare at each other a second . burn ( nervously ) well -- what be it ? hildy ( almost break ) what 's the difference ? I be go to write that story -- and you know it ! she put the coin away without look at it . burn rush to she , try to take she in he arm . burn hildy ! hildy ( furiously ) do not touch I ! I be not do it for you ! burn ( softly ) then why be you do it ? hildy because I be a newspaper woman , Heaven help I ! dissolve to : montage shot int . CITY room - hildy type away furiously . copy Boy tear sheet from she typewriter as she write . burn come in and tear sheet from typewriter . linetype machine . press go . headline : the post save earl william ! dissolve to : int . burn ' office headline : post save earl william ! over this sound of newsboy call " extra ! extra ! " camera draw back to rest of story : " impeachment Proceedings launched against Mayor for attempt to conceal Governor 's reprieve ! " camera draw back further to the by-line -- by hildegarde Johnson . camera draw back still further to disclose burn and hildy look at paper on burn ' desk . burn ( enthusiastically ) the great yarn ever write by anybody . my hat 's off to you , hildy ! hildy ( grimly ) thanks . burn and what a way to quit . while you be still champion ! that 's the way to leave , hildy ! hildy yeah . only -- only I be not leave , walter . burn what do you mean ? Bruce will be wait for you in albany . hildy no , he will not . I wire he that I be not come . closeup burn burn where would you wire he ? hildy on the nine o'clock train . that 's the one he take , be not it ? burn sure . mo . shot hildy it 's awfully clear now . Bruce need a wife who can give he a home -- and affection -- and peace . I could not do that for he , walter . I be what you make I -- a cheap reporter who would give up she soul for a story !... be that job still open ? burn both job be open , hildy . the paper -- and be Mrs. walter burn . hildy thanks , walter , but it 's no good . we try it . burn sure , it be good -- it be wonderful ! only you expect it to be like other marriage . it can not be like other marriage -- we be different ! we be a different world . look at what we go through today . I would not trade that for any honeymoon in the world . I bet you would not , either . hildy a fine honeymoon , with a murderer right in the boudoir ! and that other honeymoon in a coal mine ! burn that 's what make it romantic . every other marry couple go away on a honeymoon and for two week the bride know just where the groom be , and vice versa . but we -- you never know where I be and I be not sure where you be . that 's romance ! hildy well , maybe I would like to know just once ! burn hildy , if that 's what you want , all right . we will even go to -- how about Niagara Falls ? hildy ( jump ) Niagara Falls ! walter , you do not mean that ? burn sure I do . and I will tell you something else -- I would like a baby . hildy walter ! burn sure , I can not last forever . I want a son I can train to take my place on this paper . hildy what would you do if it be a daughter ? burn well , if she look like you -- say ! my brain and you look -- that might not be such a bad combination . hildy what 's the matter with my brain ? burn what 's the good of argue about something that probably do not exist ? look , hildy , I be propose to you . what do you say ? hildy well , I would like to be lady - like and think it over . burn I do not want to rush you . take a couple of second . mo . shot at door louie march in with a judge , half -dress . louie have the judge in a tight grip . mo . close shot burn hello , judge ! judge this be a outrage , Mr. burn ! send a gunman to kidnap I ! burn now , wait a minute , judge . this be not a kidnap . you have get the legal power to perform a marriage ceremony , have not you ? hildy what ! burn now do not argue , hildy . ( to judge ) how about it , judge ? judge yes , but -- burn then go ahead . come on , hildy . hildy nobody 's go to rush I into anything ! ( as louie stick a gun in she rib ) you keep away from I ! ( but she 's scared ) louie all right , judge . int . CITY room mo . shot Reporters be stand on desk to watch through the glass partition of burn ' office . 1st reporter I will be doggone ! a shotgun marriage ! 2 nd reporter do not they usually keep the gun on the man ? int . burn ' office close shot judge read the marriage ceremony . judge ( continue ) " -- so long as you both do live ? " burn I will . group shot hildy that 's what he say the last time . do not believe he , judge . burn hildy , from this time on no trick , no double -crossing -- everything on the level ! hildy you be not fool anybody . judge ( continue ) " hildegarde Johnson , will you have this man as you wedd husband , to live together in the ordinance and estate of matrimony ? " hildy what would you do with a gun in you back ? louie ( poke she ) quiet ! judge " will you love he , comfort he , honor and keep he in sickness or in health ; -- hildy if I know where he be . judge " -- and , forsake all other , keep thee only unto he , so long as you both do live ? " hildy I will -- if he will . judge ( to burn ) have you get a ring ? burn start search he pocket , then , to hildy : burn ( he take ring off ) how about Bruce 's ? hildy walter , you can not do that ! burn sure , I can . look at the policy I give he ! ( place Bruce 's ring on hildy 's finger ) " with this ring I thee wed and with all my worldly goods I thee endow : and thereto I plight thee my troth . " int . CITY room close shot reporter say , I be surprised she get the ring back ! int . burn ' office close shot group judge " -- pronounce you man and wife . " burn throw he arm around hildy and kiss she . burn hildy , darling ! hildy yes -- ' hildy , darling ' . I be just a fool . that 's what I be . I know what it 's go to be like . burn it will be Heaven ! hildy sure , Heaven ! you have probably think up another coal mine to send I down in -- to get a new story for you paper ! hildy turn over copy of the extra lie on burn ' desk . closeup hildy she stop cold . hildy walter ! insert : newspaper -- " counterfeit passer caught ! " " attempt to pass five hundred dollar worth of counterfeit money at the Union station , a man give he name as Bruce baldwin of albany , New York , be arrest last night -- " two shot burn and hildy hildy counterfeit money ! that 's the money you send I , walter ! you -- you -- walter ( start to run ) but , hildy , listen -- mo . full shot burn retreat from hildy , she run after he . he dash through glass - pane door into adjoin office . hildy throw she bag at he and it smashes the glass pane in the door . int . adjoining office close shot burn and hildy she be pursue he around table similar to one in burn ' office . burn but , hildy -- I can explain -- hildy you -- you !! int . burn ' office close shot judge and louie louie I think it 's go to work out all right this time . fade out : the end