hitchcock written by John J. mclaughlin base on the book Alfred hitchcock and the make of psycho by Stephen rebello fade in : ext . marshland - dusk we move across smolder ember and reach a small grass fire . dirt be throw over the flame before a boot finish stamp they out . super : plainfield , wisconsin , 1944 henry gein ( o.s. ) we be just lucky it do not reach the tree ... we move up two dirty pair of overall to find henry and ed gein sweat away as they continue shovel out the flame . both be in they forty and wear flannel shirt . Ed wear a elmer fudd hat . henry gein ( cont 'd ) there 's gonna be a lot more job at that factory by milwaukee come June . I could put in a word . ed gein you can not leave we , Henry . she need both of US -- henry gein can you stop be a momma 's boy for one second ? Henry look at Ed and he shrink back . henry gein ( cont 'd ) I be not try to hurt you but Jesus you get to live you own life someday . that woman can take care of she own goddamn -- clang . Henry be hit by the shovel in the back of the head and go down . Ed step slowly forward and put down the shovel . the look on he face be not anger . it 's blank . he pull at the flap of he elmer fudd hat ... then calmly walk away . the camera pan until we discover : alfred hitchcock in he trademark black mariani suit . he 's be watch the whole thing , stand in the smoulder field only a few foot away , hold a rise - pattern cup and saucer of tea ... ( continued ) continued : he take a sip and turn to address the camera -- alfred hitchcock good evening . he place he cup daintily back on the saucer . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) brother have be slay brother since cain and abel , yet even I do not see that come . I be as blind -side as poor Henry over there . he glance back over at the murder scene . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) apparently the authority share my naivete and believe the young man 's tale that Henry fall and hit he head on a stone and die of smoke asphyxiation . he shrug : ` who would have think it ? ' alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) of course if they have not believe he , Ed never would have have the opportunity to commit the heinous act for which he become famous ... and we would not have we little movie . instead , we would have more nice , safe , predictable one like this ... CUT to : a rapid montage of clip from various technicolor film of the era : peyton place , with lana Turner and Betty field . pillow talk with doris Day and rock Hudson . a summer place with Sandra Dee -- ext . marshland - as before alfred hitchcock mere technicolor bauble . he shudder with distaste . as if on cue the sky thunder loudly above he . he look up and from behind the tree stump produce a umbrella . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) ah. a bit of doom and gloom . now , that 's more like it . ( continued ) continued : as hitch open he brolly and the rain start to bucket down we -- CUT to : ext . marquee of UNITED artist theater , chicago - night equally torrential rain light up by rotate kleig light as they scan a marquee : " world premiere ! NORTH by northwest . direct by alfred hitchcock . " jostling crowd run the length of the block . super : JULY 8 , 1959 . a pudgy hand discreetly squeeze a tiny , delicate one . alfred and alma hitchcock step out into a sea of flashbulb . hitch bask in the limelight while alma , he razor - sharp , charming wife of over 30 year stand in the background , uncomfortable with all the attention . hitchcock 's agent lew wasserman , 45 , dynamic , charismatic , come into view . lew wasserman this thing be go to be gigantic . I wish I have twenty percent of the take . lew hustle they through the throng of reporter and photographer under they black umbrellas . reporter one do tonight 's incredible reaction surprise you , Mr. hitchcock ? alfred hitchcock no , when I be plan North by Northwest I could already hear the scream and laughter . ( then , to a beautiful blonde fan ) any question , my dear ? the blonde fan , hold out she autograph book , shake she head `no ' and giggle . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) a pity . ( continued ) continued : the reporter crack up . alma manage a polite smile as lew help she into the limo , leave hitchcock alone for a moment to sign he autograph for the blond fan ... reporter two Mr. hitchcock , you have direct forty - six motion picture . you host a hit tv show see around the world . you be the most famous director in the history of the medium ... but you be sixty year old . should not you just quit while you be ahead ? holding on hitchcock motionless and quietly devastate as flashbulb crackle over he face . the whiteness transform into ... int . the hitchcocks ' bel AIR home - bathroom - morning the gleaming white tile of a bathroom . we move past chrome fixture that evoke that in spellbound and psycho and arrive at that same pudgy hand pour chateau cheval blanc ' 53 into a cut crystal glass . hitchcock soak in the tub . the champagne glass beside he , he corpulent frame be cover only by the London Times he 's read . even in this deeply vulnerable state , he maintain the air of a haughty mischievous emperor . at the sound of a bedroom bureau be open , hitch 's eye shift to the full - length mirror on the bathroom door . in the mirror we catch fleeting glimpsis of alma in a white half - slip and match bra . she take out some nylon and hold they up to the light . hitchcock watch enthralled . he put down he glass and shift a little in the tub , cause the water to lap against the side . bedroom - continuous alma pause when she hear the small splashes . neither upset nor amused she continue about she business , take a skirt from the drawer . ( continued ) continued : alma Muhammad have the eye of peeping tom gouge out with arrow . hitchcock clear he throat , rattling he paper as if he would be read the whole time . alfred hitchcock talk of arrow , do you read Mr. weiler 's review in the New York Times ? apparently , he find " the climax " to be -- and I quote -- " overdrawn . " alma I doubt whether Mr. weiler have have a climax in year . alma step into she skirt as hitch open the London Times . alfred hitchcock and how about this little grenade ? ( reading ) North by Northwest remind we of hitchcock 's earlier , more youthfully inventive spy thriller . " ( beat ) and just to drive the nail into the coffin , there 's a handy accompany guide to the new master of suspense . hitchcock zeroe in on the photograph . they be all young . thinner . and with hair . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) why do they keep look for new master of suspense when they still have the original ? alma do not be maudlin , you know how much it aggravate I . he catch he reflection in the mirror again and sink further down into the water to hide he protrude belly . alma come in , take the newspaper from he and put they on the side . alma ( cont 'd ) stop read they . you have be read they for a week now . she put down the toilet seat and sit on it . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock tell I , dear . be I really too old ? alma yes . a true relic . and lest we forget , a notably corpulent one . she come over and kiss the top of he head . alfred hitchcock you always know precisely where to plunge the dagger , do not you ? alma right between the shoulder blade . I learn it from you picture . she move off to the mirror to apply lipstick and hitchcock surreptitiously pick up the papers again ... alfred hitchcock where be you off to ? alma I be see whit for brunch after I drop you off at the studio . why do not you join we ? alfred hitchcock we have just establish that I be too corpulent to be see in broad daylight . alma you will feel better as soon as you find a project . have not Peggy unearth any decent book yet ? alfred hitchcock sleep pill with dust jacket . alma step back to inspect herself in the full - length mirror . today 's outfit be , we sense , rather more stylish than what she would ordinarily wear . alma well ? hitch 's gaze never leave the photo gallery of he young rival in the ` New Masters of suspense ' article ... alfred hitchcock very presentable . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) on alma as she elegantly mask she hurt . alma hurry up , darling . you be pruning . she leave . hitch grumble and toss he paper aside . he rise from the depth but suddenly lose he balance and grab onto the shower curtain , wrenching it from the metal ring on the rod . a god' eye view , look down , as hitchcock stare up at the metal ring spinning noisily on the metal rod . ext . the paramount studio , bronson gate - day the famous mountain top icon loom large . two guard snap - to for the arrival of Hollywood royalty . first guard Mr. hitchcock . Mrs. hitchcock . alma wave from the wheel of a gleaming black 1957 cadillac . hitchcock sit next to she . he have he two sealyham terrier on he lap . he nod , await more . first guard ( cont 'd ) ( to the dog ) sir . ext . paramount studio , producer ' build - day the cadillac pull up . alma note hitchcock 's look of frustrated envy as crew member bustle in and out of stage 15 . it 's a hive of activity . alma there 's a story out there wait for you somewhere , hitch . I promise . he give she a good - bye peck and open the door . alma ( cont 'd ) do not forget you lunch . alma hand he a compact fortnum &amp ; mason basket and pat he on he girth . he open it to discover celery and carrot stick wrap in saran . omitted int . hitchcock's office , paramount - day luxurious , wood -panel and very british . hitch sit restlessly behind he desk , receive he morning shave from he private barber , silvio . his longtime assistant , peggy robertson , 40s , crisp , british , fiercely protective of she boss , be go through a list of potential project . peggy Fox be offer you the Diary of Anne Frank for the third time . hitch direct he response to silvio . alfred hitchcock the audience would spend the entire picture wait for miss Frank to discover the corpse I would hide in the attic . would not you agree , silvio ? silvio si. hitch reach for a carrot stick and crunch it . peggy mgm want you for the Ian Fleming book , casino Royale , with cary grant . definitely you style . alfred hitchcock ( again , turn to silvio ) do not she know I just make that movie ? it 's call North by Northwest . and " style " be merely self - plagiarism . silvio nod , then recommence the shave . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I be tread water , Peggy . I need something fresh . something different . without expensive star like cary grant or miss Kim novak to pretty it up . silvio unintentionally nick hitch 's face . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) a nice , clean , nasty little piece of work . silvio hurriedly dab away a speck of blood . ( continued ) continued : peggy I will see what I can find . hitch motion for the barber to hold up the mirror . the image of he face overflow the small frame . repulsed , he lean back he head and make a hand motion for silvio to slit he throat . contagious laughter ( pre - lap ) int . chasen' restaurant - day alma lunch with screenwriter - novelist whitfield cook . " whit , " 5as , be hitchcock 's physical opposite -- dash , razor - sharp and sophisticated . in fact he would be at home in one of he movie . whitfield cook ... thank God I have a pocketful of pretzel . I be hide in that prop cupboard all night . ( then ) that will teach I to use a bedroom set instead of the real thing . alma serve you right . they laugh uproariously , quite at ease with each other . alma ( cont 'd ) hitch always say you private life be in danger of be more entertaining than any of you plot . he pour alma another glass of wine , not remotely insulted . whitfield cook I can not believe he let I have you all to myself for a whole afternoon . especially look this beautiful . he clink she glass . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) très chic . alma turn to look at the menu again . alma all this relentless sycophancy be give I indigestion . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : alma ( cont 'd ) ( a smile ) what be you after ? he laugh , he eye straying to a pretty waitress pass by . alma notice . alma ( cont 'd ) and how be you wife ? whitfield cook Elizabeth ? ( he eye return to alma ) over the moon since I promise she the dedication in my new novel . so what be you work on this day ? alma hitch be go out of he mind look for he next project . you know how unbearable he be when he do not have something line up . whitfield cook almost as unbearable as when he do . alma ( laughing ) almost . whitfield cook I mean you . what be you work on ? alma I be satisfied spend time in my garden . whitfield cook that be one lucky garden . whit bring out a set of galley and slide they across the tablecloth to she . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) actually , I be hope you might be able to apply you considerable pruning skill to this . she look down and read the cover page . " taxi to dubrovnik . by whitfield cook . " alma ah. all be finally reveal . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) he touch she hand , affectionately . she brushes it away , affectionately ... whitfield cook the most fun I ever have be work with you . she look through the open page ... take she time ... enjoy make he wait ... alma I suppose I could give it a look . int . hitchcock's office , paramount - day hitchcock peek avidly through the blind at a smartly dress kim novak -type woman hurry along to some appointment or assignation ... hitch crane to see who she 's meeting , but she move tantalizingly out of sight . hitch turn back with a sigh towards he desk , cover with discard newspaper clipping and boring story proposal . he sweep they off he desk into the trash . int . hitchcock's outer office - a moment later a shadow loom over Peggy at she desk as she sift through another round of story idea . it 's hitchcock . he startles she . alfred hitchcock anything . anything at all ? he start sifting through she tray . she notice the glass in he hand . peggy nothing suitable . be that water or do I need to call alma ? he drain it playfully . alfred hitchcock gin. mother 's ruin . but something 's catch he eye . a circle review of Anthony boucher 's column " criminal mind " in the New York Times Review of book . he pick it up . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) boucher say this " psycho " book by Robert bloch be `fiendishly entertaining ' . ( continued ) continued : peggy it sound ghastly . everyone in town 's already pass . alfred hitchcock and who be everyone ? peggy the story department finish the coverage this morning . alfred hitchcock be this the one base on Ed gein , the serial killer ? he take the coverage and read for himself . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) " graphic element of brutal violence , voyeurism , transvestitism and incest . " certainly not you average run of the mill nutcase , be he ? he give a grunt of approval . peggy you be kid . alfred hitchcock Peggy . this be the boy who dig up he own mother . int . hitchcock's study - the next night on hitch completely engross as he sit read " psycho " in a chair by the fire of he elegant bel Air home . he take another gulp of wine when he hear alma enter and slide the wine glass out of view . alma pop she head in the door . alma hungry ? alfred hitchcock famish . she disappear to take off she coat . alma ( o.s. ) if you be good , maybe you can have a grapefruit later . ( continued ) continued : she come back in again carry some galley , notice the title of hitch 's book -- some trash call " psycho . " alma ( cont 'd ) whit give I the galley of he new book yesterday at lunch . I have already get some idea on how you could adapt it . hitch continue read . alma ( cont 'd ) it 's elegant , sophisticated , full of intrigue -- alfred hitchcock the book or Mr. whitfield cook ? she tap hitch 's book dismissively with the galley of " taxi to dubrovnik . " alma this might be the one , Alfred . he finally look up . alfred hitchcock leave it on the night stand . as she leave she point to hitch 's vhidd ' wine glass . alma there be calory in that , you know . but hitch ignore she and turn to look out the window , he imagination start to turn ... int . gein house , plainview , 1945 - night Ed enter the bedroom . his mother , augusta , be in the bed , face away from he . ed gein be not you cold , mar ? she do not answer . we follow he to the dresser where he linger a little too long over he mother 's open underwear drawer before grab the blue coverlet on the side . he come over and spread the extra blanket over she . still wear he jacket , he take off he shoe , get into bed and crawl up next to she . ( continued ) continued : ed gein ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid , mar ... I be here ... as he put he arm around she and pull she close , we reveal he mother 's ghoulishly embalm face . int . hitchcock house , bedroom - night a slant of moonlight find alma fast asleep until a finger nudge she awake . she lift she satin sleep mask to see hitchcock hold out he copy of " psycho . " alma oh god. the look of obsession on he face be unmistakable . alfred hitchcock read the bit in the motel bathroom . alma now ? he switch on the light by she bedside . she sit up , put on she glass and read from the open page . alma ( cont 'd ) " Mary start to scream , and then the curtain parte further and a hand appear , hold a butcher 's knife . it be the knife that , a moment later , cut off she scream ... and she head . " ( hand he back the book ) charm . doris Day should do it as a musical . she hand he back the book . alma ( cont 'd ) this be nothing but low - budget horror movie claptrap . she turn off the light again and go back to bed . a deep voice sound from the darkness ... alfred hitchcock but what if someone really good make a horror movie ? ext . hitchcock's garden - morning the hitchcocks eat breakfast on the terrace watch the gardener trim the bush and rake leave from the pool . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock just think of the shock value . killing off you lead lady halfway through . alma can feel hitch look at she , wait for a response . clearly he be not go to let this one go . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) you be intrigue . admit it . she butter she toast , casually taunt he by add a large spoon of marmalade . alma actually , I think it 's a huge mistake . hitch fall silent , a chastise schoolboy . alma ( cont 'd ) you should not wait till halfway through ... kill she off after 30 minute . omitted ( scene 17 ) int . hitchcock's office , paramount - day hitch enter with purpose , carry a stack of photo and article . alfred hitchcock Peggy , I want you to summon you minion ... peggy minion . certainly . and who might they be ...? hitch head for he office , in no mood for wise crack . he spread out the article on the desk . photo and magazine article about Ed gein ... alfred hitchcock get they start buy copy of " psycho . " Peggy stand in the doorway , watch -- peggy how many do you need ? alfred hitchcock all of they . I want every copy , nationwide . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) have they scour every book shop and library . " psycho " be my next picture , and I do not want anyone to find out the end until they see it in the theater . Peggy shake she head . peggy all that celery 's affect you brain . she walk over , notice the life magazine headline : " house of horror stun nation . " Stark black and white photograph expose the nightmarish decay of the gein house ... peggy ( cont 'd ) be you sure about this ? this be so unlike you . alfred hitchcock that 's exactly the point , my dear . Peggy watch uneasily as hitchcock pore over the article with delight . int . hitchcock house , live room - a sunday afternoon a pianist play a polite version of Al jolson 's " my mammy " . close on a manila envelope clutch in one hand behind hitchcock be back as we follow he travel through the party . the clink of champagne glass as we reveal the guest say hello as he pass ... alfred hitchcock ( pre - lap ) and when the Wisconsin Police department raid he farmhouse in plainview ... hitchcock be now in position in front of the fire place . around the coffee table be invite gossip columnist , include a hedda hopper-type . they take in the gory life magazine article . alfred hitchcock ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) .. they open the door only to discover - voila ... he produce the manila envelope from behind he back and empty the horrifically gory crime scene photograph inside onto the coffee table . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) ... ten female head with the top sawn off , a dozen mask of human skin , and a pair of lip on a drawstring for a window shade . hitch look down sweetly at the circle of quietly horrify expression ... hedda hopper type be this really go to be you be next picture , Mr. hitchcock ? hitchcock that be my intention , madam . yes . hitch tap the photo of ed gein . alfred hitchcock I only wish he look more like William Holden and less like elmer fudd . the other columnist scribble down the quote . hedda hopper type be I the only one who find this offensive ? alfred hitchcock I be hope everyone would . I mean life be deeply offensive and disgusting , be not it ? hitch glide off without miss a beat , past the server arrive with more hor d'oeuvre from the kitchen . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) try the finger sandwich -- they be real finger . he snag a martini and collar Peggy while he 's at it . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) Peggy . I be go to need some research detail a typical unmarried 30 - year- old secretary from Phoenix , Arizona . he look over at the pantry , where alma can be glimpse through the swinging door , put food onto trays . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) her monthly rent , what she wear , what she read , which scent or perfume she prefer ... hitch see whit lean into view and innocently whisper something into alma 's ear make she laugh . peggy ... how she deal with a demand boss when she 's try to relax on she weekend off ? hitchcock do not notice the joke . he now only have eye on the pantry ahead . he forges on through the guest only to get waylaid by lew . it be a classic hitchcock moment , a character need to get someplace be hold up by someone who want to chat -- lew wasserman ( be : the face of the gossip columnist ) I tell you , hitch . this thing 's strictly for the drive - in crowd . hitch smile tightly and extricate himself , head on to the kitchen through more annoying guest -- int . hitchcock house , pantry - simultaneous whit lean against the stove watch alma expertly arrange the next round of hor d'oeuvre come in from the kitchen . whitfield cook now , if this be a hitchcock picture what would two character like we , marry to other people , be say ? alma you do not have to pretend you be not upset he have not read it yet , you know . whitfield cook I be a big boy . I can take it . alma well , I love it . what terrific fun it must have be to research . whitfield cook certainly more fun than read that review . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) ( then ) do you think he really will read it ? suddenly , over whitfield 's shoulder , alma see hitch loom in the doorway . whit note the tiny change in she eye and turn . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) speak of the devil . hitch stare blankly at he while alma turn and busy herself over the sink , hide a almost imperceptible blush . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) I have to admit , hitch , I run all over town look for a copy of " psycho " but could not find a single one . alfred hitchcock I wonder how that could have happen . hitch sip he martini , a picture of innocence . then lean in to whit 's ear and whisper - just like whit lean into alma 's ear a moment earlier . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) do not stop look on my behalf . Peggy appear in the pass -through , beckone hitch to hurry back into the live room . int . hitchcock house , live room - continuous hitch return to see the other guest be now pass around the gein photo . they look utterly confuse and horrify ... a couple of they be even gather they coat . on lew , peggy and hitch stand together watch . lew wasserman I have see happier face on a school bus go over a cliff . peggy I tell you it would be too much . alfred hitchcock but they can not stop look , can they ? he slurp he martini , share a smile with lew . int . paramount board room - day paramount President barney balaban , 70 , ferocious , righteous , sit behind he impressive desk flanke by two conservatively-attired executive . hitchcock and wasserman sit across from they . alfred hitchcock audience want to be shocked , barney . they want something different . and this be it . he gesture to the untouched copy of " psycho " in front of balaban . barney balaban the truth be , hitch , every time you want to do something " different " like the wrong man or vertigo , someone lose money . hitchcock stare unblink , give nothing away . lew wasserman so we should stop try to give they something new ? barney balaban you owe paramount one last picture , hitch . can not you do something like North by Northwest but for we this time instead of for mgm ? hitch 's stare remain inscrutable . barney balaban ( cont 'd ) we have offer you dozen of perfectly good property . alfred hitchcock ( imperiously ) " psycho . " wasserman give balaban the same glacial stare . the paramount executive shift uncomfortably . barney balaban no one respects the name hitchcock more than paramount . but even a talented man sometimes back the wrong horse . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock be you tell I " no ? " balaban maintain a calm , pleasant front . barney balaban I think you know I better than that , hitch . I would never say " no " to you . hitch 's suppress rage be building ... but balaban say nothing . ext . paramount courtyard - day hitch and lew walk down the stair and through the leafy courtyard past hitch 's office . lew wasserman what a putz . you know what he family do before they build that movie palace ? ran a grocery store . alfred hitchcock my father run a grocery store . lew wasserman exactly . that 's what I be say . he should show some respect . hitch turn to lew . alfred hitchcock they think I have lose my touch , lew . my association with television have cheapen I . lew wasserman be you refer to that deal I get you where bristol - meyer pay you twenty - nine grand a episode and you own the negative ? that 's my kind of cheap . alfred hitchcock they just want the same thing over and over . they have put I in a coffin and now they be nail down the lid . lew put a comforting hand on he ... lew wasserman hitch , I will never let that happen . ( continued ) continued : hitch do not respond , lew sense the true depth of he friend 's melancholy . lew wasserman ( cont 'd ) how much do you think you can make this picture for ? alfred hitchcock eight hundred thousand ... give or take . lew digest the figure ... lew wasserman I have whisky in the car . ext . hitchcock house , swimming pool - a few day later alma do afternoon lap in the pool . a contemplative hitchcock wander down to the pool side wear black sunglass and a business suit . he watch alma a moment . finally she notice he . alma you be back early . he shrug , then sit at the table to pour himself a glass of lemonade . alma get out and towel herself off . alma ( cont 'd ) I be disappointed you do not give whit 's book a chance . alfred hitchcock what about he ? alma he know you well enough . she sit down next to he , notice a tiny hole in she swimsuit . it 's start to look a little threadbare . alfred hitchcock enjoy the pool now . we might not have it for that much longer . he look off cryptically . alma why ? ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock paramount refuse to finance the movie . imagine -- the studio that bring you Martin and Lewis and the greatest show on Earth consider psycho distasteful . he brushes some fall leave off he chair . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) lew can not find the money . not quickly enough at least . alma why not wait ? he do not reply . she know he well enough too and do not question he further . alfred hitchcock we be go to have to go it alone , old girl . ( beat ) we will finance the movie ourselves . alma be we go to have to sell the entire house or just the pool ? she look at hitch but he 's not joke . she turn to survey they beloved home and garden . a long pause . alma ( cont 'd ) tell I and I will not ever ask again . why this one , hitch ? it 's not just because so many people be tell you ' no , ' be it ? pause . alma ( cont 'd ) hitch ? without turn he take she hand . alfred hitchcock remember the fun we have when we start out and there be so little money and time ? we take risk , we experiment . we invent new way of make picture because we have to . a long moment as he gaze across the pool . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I want to feel that kind of freedom again . he turn to look into she eye for the first time . a glimpse of the real hitchcock . someone even he wife do not see that often ... ext . paramount studio - day the famous gate and the executive building beyond it . lew wasserman ( pre - lap ) barney , we be about to propose a restructure deal for " psycho " ... int . balaban' private office , paramount - day balaban watch hitchcock and lew closely . hitchcock again be like a waxwork buddha , revealing nothing . lew wasserman we finance it . independently . paramount only distribute it ... in exchange for 40 percent of the profit . barney balaban interesting . but tell we , what exactly be paramount distribute ? be this still a picture about a queer kill people in he mother 's dress ? lew wasserman what this picture be about be the reputation of Alfred hitchcock . barney balaban no -one 's argue that . lew wasserman barney , it 's very simple . this be Mr. hitchcock 's next film . be you in or be you out ? a long silence . barney balaban well , obviously you have a lot of passion for this project . let I talk it over with a few people internally and I will get back to you . ( continued ) continued : lew wasserman no. now . balaban take in they inscrutable stare . not unimpress by they chutzpah , he lean back and put he hand behind he head , a king in he count room . barney balaban Fine . we will take that deal . if you can get the money ... finally , hitchcock speak up : alfred hitchcock we have already get it , barney . he pull out he personal checkbook and open it on the desk . barney watch as hitch take the onyx fountain pen from its mount . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) who do I make it out to ? int . hitchcock house , bedroom - later that night hitch and alma lie side by side in they separate bed . a copy of " the dance of death " by strindberg lie on hitch 's bedside table . all trace of he bravado be go ... alfred hitchcock if this picture fail , alma , we will be in for a long , humiliate bout of crow - eat . alma the movie will be splendid . alfred hitchcock be you sure ? alma of the movie ? not in the least . but of you ? unquestionably . int . hitchcock's office , paramount - day pudgy finger part the slat of the blind . hitch stare out hope for some human moment to spy on . he 's restless ... Peggy usher joseph stefano , 30 , into hitch 's office . joseph stefano Joe stefano . good to meet you . ( continued ) continued : hitchcock leave stefano 's hand dangle in mid air and sit down at he desk . joseph stefano ( cont 'd ) sorry I be late . my shrink session run overtime . I see he every day and it 's still not enough . peggy I think only director 's assistant need psychiatrist , not writer . stefano laugh off the barb and take a seat as Peggy slip out . the two man stare at each other but stefano 's not remotely intimidate . joseph stefano do you see a shrink , Mr. hitchcock ? hitch 's eye follow a plume of cigar smoke curling up to the ceiling ... alfred hitchcock no . his gaze remain pointedly fix on the ceiling . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I must say it boggle the mind to imagine what you and you " shrink " could possibly talk about daily . joseph stefano the usual : sex . rage . my mother . hitchcock lower he gaze , suddenly intrigue . int . hitchcock house , kitchen - day alma sit with the hitchcocks ' accountant who 's consulting a ledger . she sit at she desk in the corner of the kitchen . accountant there 's still the federal income tax payment ... the property tax ... not to mention the absence of any salary while he 's actually make the film ... alma stop waffling , Donald . give it to I straight . ( continued ) continued : the accountant take off he glass , pluck up the courage to look he favorite client in the eye . accountant hitch be not exaggerate . if the film 's a flop , you be go to have to sell the house . alma digest this . alma where do you suggest we cut ? accountant anywhere you can . int . hitchcock house , kitchen - night alma 's move to the kitchen table and be sorting through the account herself , the dog at she foot . her face be now properly fill with concern . hitch enter , hold out some type page . alma cover she worry . he put the page on the table next to she . alfred hitchcock I get Joe stefano to write out the first few scene . why do not you take a look ? alma take stefano 's page and start to read ... hitch go to the fridge and open the door . alma we be about to have dinner . you do not need anything else . he shut the door . leans against the fridge door . hitch wait but she give nothing away ... until she off-handedly place the page on the table ... alfred hitchcock well ? she do not look up ... alma hire he . int . unknown room - day Close on a blank page be feed into a corona typewriter . finger pound out " psycho " ( continued ) continued : by joseph stefano . ext . hitchcock house - morning the door open and hitch step outside . the cadillac be wait . alma follow he out and make a final adjustment to he tie . alfred hitchcock the only thing worse than a visit to the dentist be one to the censor . alma whatever you do , Alfred , do not lose you temper . int . production code administration office - day the intimidating plaque for the mpaa 's " production code administration office " on the wall . stefano 's title page be tapped angrily by geoffrey shurlock , 70 , the much - fear administrator for the motion picture production code . he sit at the head of a big table with two assistant . sitting opposite be hitchcock , Peggy and several silent paramount executive . geoffrey shurlock the code will absolutely not permit you to show a knife penetrate a woman 's flesh . alfred hitchcock I assure you , geoffrey , my murder , be always model of taste and discretion . geoffrey shurlock be there any improper suggestion of nudity in this murder scene in the shower ? alfred hitchcock she will not be nude . she will be wear a shower cap . shurlock make a note . a man utterly devoid of any sense of humor . ( continued ) continued : geoffrey shurlock we might accept a shot from outside the bathroom window with marion in silhouette above the shoulder -- provide the glass be frost . hitch greet the suggestion with barely conceal contempt . shurlock turn the page . G eoffrey shurlock then -- this scene with the toilet . alfred hitchcock it 's completely necessary . marion flush evidence later find by she sister . it 's a clue to the girl 's disappearance . geoffrey shurlock no american movie have ever find it " necessary " to show a toilet , let alone to flush it . hitch turn to Peggy and a paramount executive . alfred hitchcock perhaps we ought to shoot the film in France and use a bidet instead ? no response from shurlock 's end of the room . Peggy stare down at the table . geoffrey shurlock Mr. hitchcock , if this office deny you a seal , and we be certainly head in that direction , you movie will not be release in a single theater in this country . will you be make joke then ? hitchcock give a slow but meaningful shrug . geoffrey shurlock ( cont 'd ) good . now why do not we go all the way back to page two ... on hitch boil with rage as we hear the flurry of script page -- int . psychiatrist's office , beverly hill - day sunlight filter through sheer curtain revealing hitchcock try he best to recline on a analyst's couch . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock everyone in Hollywood resent I . I make they million ... and yet every year I sit at that dreadful award show dinner , wait for they to say , just once , " you be good . " he look around the luxurious office . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) they take sadistic pleasure in deny I that one little moment . analyst's voice that must hurt . alfred hitchcock deeply . hitch fumble for a handkerchief and mop he brow . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) you will have to excuse I , doctor . I be not use to this ... process ... analyst's voice take you time . now hitch claw at he tie . it 's hot in here . alfred hitchcock it 's just that , more and more lately , I have be have this ... impulse . the analyst 's montblanc pen make a note on a pad . we notice that he hand be surprisingly coarse . analyst's voice what kind of impulse ? finally hitchcock be still . he stare up at the ceiling . alfred hitchcock strong one . int . hitchcock house , kitchen - night a fridge door snap OPEN to reveal hitchcock 's face in the darkness . he 's in he pajamas . his hand tremble next to a stack of chicken breast and move to a upturn grapefruit half at the back of the shelf . ( continued ) continued : he pull it out it to reveal a hide stash of foie gras under the hollow out grapefruit . he 's about to devour it when he catch sight of he distorted reflection in the chrome shelving . he back away , disgust at this monster before he , the light of the fridge illuminate he expression . int . hitchcock house , study - night a door be quietly shut and lock . the bottom drawer of a filing cabinet be inched open . a hand rummages deep inside and tease out a bulg manila folder . a hide stash of some kind . the desk light be switch on revealing hitch . he carefully extract the content of the folder and lay they onto the desk . a Mass of photo of all he blonde leading lady a personal collection lovingly keep . he settles in to study it , pick out he favorite , arrange they in order . they be all in the same pose , all with hair pin up into a perfect bun . he look at each image with intensify desire . he 's create all of they . every detail . but it 's no longer enough ... the row of glossy perfect blond dissolves to : int . hitchcock's office , paramount - same time a row of handsome actor headshot on a table . hitch glare at the wait actor in the hallway through the blind . he turn back to Peggy and alma and pull a face . alfred hitchcock send they all back to Glendale . hitch return to the table to ponder yet more headshot . Peggy share a glance with alma , then slide over roddy mcdowelly headshot . peggy the lazar Office tell I he 's crazy to work with you . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock well , tell " swifty " he should not have overexpose he client on television . alma unlike certain people we could mention . hitch ignore the barb . undeterred , alma push she ace card : a photo of ANTHONY perkin , radiating offbeat sensitivity and teen idol look . alma ( cont 'd ) think of the duality he could bring to norman . the rage lurking behind that little - boy-lost grin . the winsome charm he use to keep from be find out . peggy why , alma , you be not suggest that Mr. Perkins be -- ? she raise she pinky finger just slightly . alma nod without judgement . on hitchcock ponder ... int . hitchcock's office , paramount - next day Anthony Perkins now sit across from hitchcock . ANTHONY perkin I can not count how many time I have see stranger on a train and rope . alfred hitchcock well , norman be the logical extension of the boy in that movie . appeal , sensitive , suffer the terrible burden of be force to pretend to be something he be not . hitchcock 's deeply - feel remark land with Perkins . ANTHONY perkin my only worry be that play norman might cut too close to home . alfred hitchcock how so ? ( continued ) continued : hitch 's calmness be strangely reassure to the young actor ... ANTHONY perkin I be incredibly close to my mother . so close I remember wishing my father would drop dead . and then when I be five , he do just that ... he keele over from a heart attack . ( laughing nervously ) you see I have be guilty my whole life , Mr. hitchcock . hitch be enthralled . alfred hitchcock try to remember this be all just make believe . Perkins wish he could be more reassure ... ANTHONY perkin not to be prudish , but how far do you plan to push norman 's relationship with he mother ? alfred hitchcock further than you can possibly imagine . on Perkins uncertain expression -- what be he let himself in for ? ext . hitchcock house , garden - day hitchcock 's red sweat face as he grunt and heave . he 's dress in gardening gear , labor in the full bloom of the rise garden . alma push a wheelbarrow fill with manure . she shovel the manure around the rosebush . alfred hitchcock I be get blister just look at you . alma stop grumble . a bit of fresh air and exercise be exactly what you need . he hold he pruning shear menacingly over a deep red sydonie rise . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock if I could get Grace Kelly to play the girl , they would let I get away with anything . alma well you can not . she 's a princess now which make she permanently unattainable . hitchcock behead the rose , mutter to himself . alfred hitchcock and all the more desirable . his shear be now poise over a yellow specimen . alma lew suggest deborah kerr . alfred hitchcock too ... Scottish . hitchcock cut it too and move on to the stem of a perfect pink rise . alma what about Janet leigh ? she 's always the `good girl ' but she do awfully well in touch of evil . lew mention she name . do you remember how you always remark on she figure at the Wasserman ' party ? as the shear hover on the stem , unsure whether to cut ... match CUT to : int . chasen' restaurant - night the slender waist and ample bosom of janet leigh as she elegantly enter the dining room of chasen' . hitch stand to greet she , he eye follow she across the room in some private rapture .. alma watch as Janet remove she glove and shake hitch 's hand ... before he guide she to the spot to he leave , across from alma . int . chasen' restaurant - night hitch finish tell he story ... ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock of course the real secret of Mrs. Simpson 's appeal to the Duke of Windsor be that she could make a toothpick feel like a cigar . he 's so deadpan ... it take a moment before she laugh . janet leigh you know , I have be so immerse in prepare to play marion I would almost forget how to laugh . hitch summon the waiter with a snap . alfred hitchcock now , you must try the banana shortcake . janet leigh nothing for I , thank you . I be watch my figure . alma watch all this with a fix smile . alma you be not the only one . ( to the waiter ) we be fine , thank you . hitchcock ignore alma , gesture to the waiter again . alfred hitchcock bring she the banana shortcake , George . in fact make it two large portion . he pointedly shift to face Janet . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) so do tell I , how else have you have prepare to play marion ? Janet hesitates . janet leigh I have write a complete history for she ... it seem silly , but it help I . she turn to pull a leather notebook from she handbag , hitch 's gaze lock onto she silken blonde hair , tie immaculately into the classic ` hitchcock bu and . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock it do not sound silly at all . tell I one of she deep secret . a quick look to alma , as if to ask for permission before : janet leigh she lead a double life . for instance , when she work at the lowery office , she wear Tweed perfume . but , when she and Sam be together , she recklessly break out she one expensive bottle -- " my Sin " by lanvin . she notice alma 's expression . janet leigh ( cont 'd ) but ... I do have a concern or two . I be a actress but I be also a wife and mother first , so I be wonder just how you ' will do that shower scene . alma you and the shurlock Office . janet leigh it 's just ... I mean even if you shoot I from here -- ( she indicate a spot just above she bosom ) -- well it 's not as if my figure be boyish . hitchcock look down at she torso , as if note it for the first time . alfred hitchcock allow I to put you mind at rest . alma react as hitch reach over and give Janet 's hand a reassure squeeze . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) May I show you some of Mr. saul bass 's marvellous story board ? hitch pull out he folio case and show Janet the storyboard ( which we do not see ) . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I plan to shoot quick bit of film from various angle . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) cut together , this montage will suggest nudity and violence but nothing will actually be show . Janet study they , deeply impressed . and relieved . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) and have you in the shower will make it all the more tit-illate -- alma if you will excuse I . alma 's have enough . Janet 's smile falter as she watch alma get up and head to the restroom . she 's unsure of what just happen but hitch carry on regardless , either entirely oblivious or not caring at all ... int . chasen' restaurant , lady room - night alma enter and look in the mirror , quietly devastate . she look up to find another reflection in a mirror behind she . full length mirror alma be suddenly transformed into a technicolor hitchcock blonde . in a beautiful edith head gown , she skin be velvet perfection , she hair blonde and impeccable . alma oh , come off it , old girl . a bitchy studio head wife snap alma out of she reverie , join she at the sink to powder she face . studio head wife alma , dear , how lovely to see you . alma hello lillian . studio head wife you be look a little pale . no wonder with that thing you husband 's work on now . you can not possibly approve . she 's have a drink too many but the throwaway comment still hit alma hard . studio head wife ( cont 'd ) why be you let he do something so tasteless ? ( continued ) continued : alma do not upset yourself , darling . it 's only a bloody movie . ext . hitchcock house , garden - day perfect pink rosebush like in a Douglas sirk movie . the same rose that be the `color ' of Janet leigh . alma hover with she secateur for a moment and then start snipping off they head with a caligula - like lack of mercy . int . hitchcock house , kitchen - morning a vase of flower , none of they pink , in the center of the table . hitch stare into a refrigerator fill with boring tasteless health - conscious food . alma enter briskly and hold up a handwritten list . alma I have make a list of place where we can tighten we belt . she place the list on the table . alma ( cont 'd ) it would not hurt for we all to learn the art of self restraint . hitch go over and pick it up , and read . alfred hitchcock the gardener only once a week and weekend off for the driver ? no . absolutely not . we will find other place to cut . alma there be not any other place . and furthermore , they will be no more shipment from maxim 's either . we can not afford it . she snatch the list out of he hand . alma ( cont 'd ) the foie gras at chasen 's be more than adequate . alfred hitchcock but that geese be from barstow not marseille . ( continued ) continued : she turn back to he . alma we all have to make we little sacrifice for the great good , do not we , Alfred ? she leave hitch to resume contemplate the content of the fridge ... but there 's nothing there to satisfy he growl hunger . he slam the fridge and -- int . ed gein be house - day suddenly we be move through a empty live room , prowling , just like in a hitchcock movie as we hear clunking , then move over to catch a glimpse of Ed as he drag a woman' body , foot - first up the stair . the clunking be from she head on the step , which be wrap in she dress . int . ed gein' house , bathroom - continuous Ed approach the shower curtain , then yank it open with a metallic screech . he push the body into the tub . pull the dress off she head and drop it on the floor . ed gein stay here . I be go to get the knife . we pan to reveal hitchcock stand in the corner . he look terrify but completely enthralled -- he can not resist creep forward for a thorough inspection . hitch 's Pov as he step closer to the tub and glimpsis the woman 's blood - spatter white bra and girdle . suddenly -- finger clutch the rim of the tub . dead woman help I . hitch recoil but she lurch up and grab he throat . alfred hitchcock Ed ! Ed ! smash CUT to : int . hitchcock house , bedroom - night hitchcock bolt upright in bed , face bead with sweat in the moonlight . alfred hitchcock Ed ... Ed ...? ( continued ) continued : it take a moment to get he bearing . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) be I make a mistake ? alma stir in she bed . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) what if it 's another vertigo ? alma oh , shut up . just get the first take under you belt you will be fine . but hitch be not look convinced . ext . soundstage , universal revue - day a sign post outside the soundstage read , " production rehearsals 9401 . absolutely no visitors ! " it only make pass reporter and worker more curious . int . soundstage , universal revue - continuous Inside , it 's a hive of quiet purposeful activity . a.d. hilton GREEN escort vera mile across the far side of the stage . she 's 30 , a classic blonde porcelain beauty in the Grace Kelly mold . peggy I still can not believe you cast Vera mile as the sister . hitch sit in he director 's chair read a copy of the London Times . alfred hitchcock I have still get she under contract . I may as well get something out of it . peggy Rather a thankless role , do not you think ? alfred hitchcock for a utterly thankless girl . but he still watch vera over the top of he newspaper as the a.d. lead she through the maze of hazardous cable and light stand towards the fitting room . she pass a actor in a highway patrolman' uniform try on various sunglass with the prop master . ( continued ) continued : peggy shurlock 's office call again . they want to know when you will be make the change to the script . hitch get up from he chair . alfred hitchcock the more we frustrate they the more they interest will wane . he go over to specify the correct sunglass that should be wear . the cop put on the mirrore shade . hitch nod he approval . int . beverly hill store - day close on a rail of swimsuit . alma browse through they carefully . they be all perfectly nice , if a little staid . her eye suddenly catch a colorful swimsuit on the end of the rail . it 's strike , even a little risque . she look at the price tag . it 's insanely expensive . she turn to go ... stop ... then impulsively turn back and grab it , head into the change room and close the door behind she . in the darkness light blast through a tiny hole in the wall . a eye position itself in front of the peephole . int . hitchcock's office universal revue - day we hear the voice of two woman quietly converse on the other side . hitch strain to get a better view . through the hole we catch teasing glimpsis of golden girl Vera mile stripping down to bra and panty . int . wardrobe fitting room - continuous hitchcock's eyeball fill the frame as he peer through the tiny hole . we reveal Vera with sharp , bohemian customer rita rigg , 27 , who drape taupe- color fabric to Vera 's contour . ( continued ) continued : vera mile break it to I gently . be I play a lesbian librarian ? rita rigg ( be : the fabric ) he choose it himself and have it import from Paris . Vera laugh dryly at a wig on a dummy head . vera mile if I wear that , I be go to look like George Washington . rita rigg wait until you see the undergarment he pick out for you . Vera toss off she shirt . vera mile I just have to keep tell myself , one more picture and I be free as a bird . she unhook she bra and cross to hang it on a hook right near the hole where we just see hitchcock 's eye . his eye be go , only darkness from the other side . Vera feel a chill and instinctively cover she breast with she arm . vera mile ( cont 'd ) be there a fan blow somewhere ? rita return with a punitive bra and girdle . vera mile ( cont 'd ) wow . the old man really be unhappy with I , be not he ? ext . janet' dressing room , universal revue - day hitch knock at the door . alfred hitchcock be you decent my dear ? janet step out dress in a crisp , sexy white shirt and pencil skirt . she do a twirl for he . the effect be stun . even the stagehand stop to watch . janet leigh be I alright ? ( continued ) continued : his pick a tiny piece of lint on she sleeve . alfred hitchcock perfect . as he escort she onto the soundstage , tony come up to greet they . ANTHONY perkin I want to thank you again for this opportunity , Mr. hitchcock . alfred hitchcock it 's just " hitch " , tony . hold the cock . Janet catch that -- she 's clearly amused . tony give she a gracious peck on the cheek . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) look at you two . America 's favorite boy and girl nextdoor ... Janet flick a glance back at hitch . janet leigh and we be about to move to a whole new neighborhood . already , tony can not help feel a little exclude from hitch and Janet 's little clique . hitch usher they across the soundstage where the crew be assemble . vera mile Morning Janet . Morning tony . Vera mile march up in she frumpy tweed suit and wig . vera mile ( cont 'd ) " thanks " for the wardrobe , hitch . alfred hitchcock ( already move past she ) that 's hand - woven import camel hair from rodier . do not you approve ? vera mile you be the genius . she checkmate he with a ravish smile . vera mile ( cont 'd ) one thing , though . my script be miss the last ten page . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock everyone 's be . until alma finish the revision . now hurry along , Vera . you be just in time for the oath . vera mile the what ? he steer she towards a line of laugh crew member form a circle with the rest of the cast . he take Janet by the hand , place she right next to he and officiously raise he right hand . the cast and crew duly follow suit , all except for Vera . alfred hitchcock I solemnly promise ... crew I solemnly promise ... alfred hitchcock ( ignore Vera 's sarcasm ) that I will not divulge the plot nor the many secret of psycho ... crew that I will not divulge the plot nor the many secret of psycho ... we see vera' crossed finger behind her back then tilt up to Janet 's look of mock disapproval . Vera poke she tongue out . alfred hitchcock to friend , relative , trade reporter or columnist -- not even to outgo President dwight D. eisenhower , God bless he . everyone crack up , but hitchcock 's only interested in the reaction of he new blonde , stand in pride of place , right beside he . int . hitchcock house , kitchen - same time alma sit at the desk type away at the revision for " psycho . " -- we see the title page . a tiny solitary figure with nothing for company but a vase of wilting flower ... ( continued ) continued : she pause , take off she glass and push aside she correction , suddenly feed up with the all the work . she look out at the swim pool , sparkling in the sunlight ... then turn to the expensive - look shopping bag half - open on the side ... we hear a loud splash -- ext . hitchcock house , pool - day as alma plunge into the water wear she strike new swimsuit . she break into a front crawl . her stroke be vigorous , surprisingly so . she drive the length of the pool , she arm slashing through the water with increase speed , she foot kick out with rise intensity ... harder and harder ... faster and faster ... int . soundstage , universal revue - day hitch guide Janet and tony across the sound stage to the set of norman 's parlor . ANTHONY perkin now , hitch , explain to I why I be watch marion undress ? janet leigh I feel like I should take offense at that . she and tony laugh . hitch 's eye light up at this display of mischief from she . alfred hitchcock I do not know ... perhaps as a boy , norman secretly watch he mother prepare for she nightly bath . janet leigh maybe there be a transom over the bathroom door ? alfred hitchcock yes -- one he could access with a chair so long as he be stealthy . janet leigh well , a boy 's first glimpse of a naked woman be usually he mother . ( continued ) continued : ANTHONY perkin so ... I be relive the past , repeat a ritual with marion ? alfred hitchcock you be the actor . you figure it out . tony flinch at hitch 's brusque response . they arrive at the set wall , where hitch remove a painting to reveal the peephole . janet leigh hitch , I have a question . why be the hole much larger on this side ? alfred hitchcock all the better to see you at the great possible angle my dear ... Janet simply step up and press she face to the hole . hitch study she profile , quietly thrilled at she curiosity . tony hang back , watch hitch watch she ... janet leigh wow . you really do you research , do not you ? alfred hitchcock it 's just my Jesuit work ethic . he take a quick peek through the hole now too ... then put the painting carefully back into place over it . alfred hitchcock ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) the truth be ... I be only happy when I be work ... int . psychiatrist's office , beverly hill - day hitch lie on he analyst 's couch . alfred hitchcock ... and if I be not work then I be nothing . I be not even a person . I be just a collection of molecule . a useless cylinder of ugly flesh . the analyst circle one of he note on a pad with he montblanc . again , we notice how rough-hewn he hand be . ( continued ) continued : analyst's voice ( o.s. ) what about you mother ? let 's go back to she . alfred hitchcock my mother ? yes . hitch look over at the unseen analyst and consider he . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) she be a extraordinary person . she expose I to ibsen , strindberg , Shaw . she hope I would go into engineering -- carry a lunch pail , gold watch at fifty . analyst's voice ( o.s. ) she do not approve of you career ? alfred hitchcock to she , movie people be akin to thief and prostitute . he turn back to look out the window . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) if I misbehave , she would make I stand at the foot of she bed and discuss how I plan to become a better boy . the analyst lean forward and we see he dirty , wear - down fingernails . analyst's voice ( o.s. ) have you ever consider that you deep desire to gain the approval of you industry represent a textbook case of transference ? ( then ) the oscar be you mother . reveal the analyst it 's ed gein . in he Sunday best , he shovel lean against the mahogany - panele wall in the background . alfred hitchcock you be a fine one to talk . int . wardrobe fitting room , universal revue - day hitchcock lead Janet to a row of brassiere , all laid out for inspection . they be all white with recognizable label : berlei , triumph , Marks &amp ; Spencer . he pick out one of they . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock you will be wear a white bra like this for the open scene on the bed . and then after you have steal the money ... they move on to a second row of brassiere - all dark . janet leigh I switch to one of this . he nod , correct . she move over to a mannequin display the iconic jet black brassiere . rita rigg be you sure you do not want to look at something a little more elegant ? hitchcock ( sharp ) no . they have to look like they be buy at sear and roebuck . I want every woman in the audience to look up at Janet have sex with John gavin and think , `that could be I '. Janet read the label . it 's " maidenform . " janet this be the brand I wear . hitch digest the information and turn to rita . hitchcock we be ready for a fitting . as rita start to measure Janet 's chest , hitchcock lift he hand and vframe ' she ... alfred hitchcock ( v.o. pre - lap ) we travel across the rooftop of downtown Phoenix and finally , through the heat , pick out a certain hotel window ... int . soundstage , universal revue - day Close on hitchcock 's framing hand as they now travel up to a open window with blind half down ... alfred hitchcock we go under the blind and match dissolve into the room itself ... int . soundstage , bedroom set - later hitchcock's hand have now become the camera , recording the scene already underway and now watch by hitchcock , he director of photography and crew from across the stage ... alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) we pan over and discover John and Janet on the bed . ... the camera move to Janet and John make out on the bed . it 's serious stuff . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) she will be wear only she undergarment and a large glow of satisfaction ... janet smile up at John contentedly . on hitch watch from he direct chair . Peggy stand next to he . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) cut . peggy good luck get this one past the censor . ext . studio gate , universal revue - day alma drive the gleam black cadillac through the universal gate and pull up to the production office outside the stage . ext . hitchcock office , universal revue - day alma collect the script page off the front seat and walk into the production office just miss whit as he stroll back towards the writer building with a couple of pretty secretary . whit pause when he spot the hitchcocks ' cadillac . whitfield cook you girl go on ahead . the prettiest one stop to make whit light she cigarette before catch up with the other . int . hitchcock office , universal revue - day Peggy read the final page while alma inspect the production board . peggy if you ask I , the credit should read " screenplay by Joseph stefano and alma reville . " alma the people who matter know . that 's all that count . as she make a few more change to the schedule . alma turn to Peggy whose face tighten as she continue read . clearly it 's strong stuff . peggy I would hate to see shurlock 's face when he read this . she put the page down . peggy ( cont 'd ) alma , you always know the answer . be this really go to work ? a candid moment between the two woman ... but alma do not answer , just leave . ext . hitchcock office , universal revue - day alma emerge into the sunshine and look across at the soundstage , wonder whether she should go over there ... whitfield cook hello , stranger . she turn to see whit lean against the cadillac . alma whit . whitfield cook where have you be hide yourself ? alma I have be do the revision on ... she point to the psycho house on the ridge . ( continued ) continued : whitfield cook psycho . ( then ) and how be the old boy ? alma in a state of unbridle ecstacy now that he 's back on the set . whitfield cook and you ? how be you ? alma not bad . I have get eight hundred word to do for reader 's digest on what it 's like to be marry to a man obsessed by murder . he look at she a moment . whitfield cook I have get a better idea . he step closer . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) why do not we drive out to Santa Barbara ? we will have emilio fry up that juicy steak we like at El encanto . he playfully tug at she sleeve . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) no shoptalk ... no silly magazine article ... just a wonderful meal ... alma 's expression give away nothing as we pan over to the window of the production office and notice the tell - tale bend in the blind . int . hitchcock office , universal revue - same time hitch look out at whit and alma through the window , just like he do with the other couple earlier . except this little interaction be far from dull . a.d. hilton GREEN we be ready for you on the set , Mr. hitchcock . alfred hitchcock I will be right there . ( continued ) continued : but hitch do not move . a.d. hilton GREEN Mr. hitchcock ? int . hitchcock house , foyer - day alma enter the silent , empty house smile to herself . she walk through to - int . hitchcock house , kitchen - day - and put the grocery bag down on the counter . she listen . the house be eerily quiet , until , from behind -- alfred hitchcock be there a line at the market ? alma look up , but do not turn round , well use to hitch 's cryptic way . alma no. actually , I be back sooner than I expect . she put on a apron and get to work , prepare dinner . alfred hitchcock would you like a cocktail ? he head for the liquor cabinet . alma no . ( he start to head off ) and you should not either . hitchcock stop . pull out a celery stick from one of the bag and bite it . alma ( cont 'd ) that have not be wash yet . alfred hitchcock ( chewing ) I do not care . ( then ) I be filming all day with John gavin -- a good- look chap but , really , plywood be more expressive . his love scene with Janet may be most horrifying thing in the picture . ( continued ) continued : he take another bite , search she face for some tell - tale sign of guilt . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) even you friend whitfield cook would be better in the scene . alma you should tell whit that . he would be flatter . she get to work prepare a salad . hitch study the back of she tiny , vulnerable neck , the delicate sinew and muscle as they rise and flex . int . hitchcock house , bedroom - night hitch arrange he pillow and settles into bed while alma finish get ready . alfred hitchcock maybe I be too dismissive about you friend whitfield 's book . perhaps he and Elizabeth could come over this weekend and he can walk I through it . alma 's radar activate but hitch continue oh-so - nonchalantly . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) Lovely woman , Elizabeth ... he carefully fold he blanket as if wrapping a murder victim . she 's not exactly sure what he 's imply but she know she do not like it . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I be hope you could come by the set tomorrow . alma I will see how my day shape up . she turn onto she side away from he . pull the blanket around she , she eye still wide OPEN . alfred hitchcock ( pre - lap ) you think you can get away with it but you can not ... alma 's eye become hitchcock's eye , stare ahead intently . int . soundstage , universal revue - car scene - day alfred hitchcock ... you think they can not tell ... but they can . they know . it 's all close in on you . the noose be tightening ... as he continue , we pull back and see : the rear-projection set Janet emote for hitchcock 's camera while " drive " a partial car , be rock by stage hand . Peggy and other crew time and mark the take . electrician and gaffer turn mount lamp that rake across Janet 's worried face like car headlight . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) you could return the money secretly , but what would be the point ? he wipe he brow , get more intense ... alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) you , marion crane . the prim and proper girl who 's always be so tight and respectable . so perfect and untouchable . well , they know all about you dirty little secret , do not they ? you messy , sticky lunchtime tryst . yes , you boss Mr. lowery could even smell the sex on you -- suddenly the rear screen film break and a frame burn . it 's a good thing because Janet be start to look a little uncomfortable -- be that mean to be funny ? as technician yell and hustle , hitchcock turn to Peggy -- alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) Circle that . int . janet leigh dressing room - day as Janet get change , Vera hang up she frumpy coat on a rack , look over a little enviously at Janet 's good girl / bad girl underwear hang nearby . vera mile have you talk to he much about you personal life ? ( continued ) continued : janet leigh not really ... vera mile I would keep it that way if I be you . ( off Janet 's look ) he start by choose you hairstyle and clothes and then he want to choose you friend and decide how many child you should have . Janet find this a little hard to believe . Vera lean in , lowering she voice . vera mile ( cont 'd ) that poor , torture soul Jimmy Stewart play in vertigo ? that 's hitch , only young , slimmer and better-look . that may well be true but it do not bother Janet . janet leigh compare to Orson Welles , he 's a sweetheart . they both turn , sense something -- and see hitchcock be distinctive shadow profile in the hallway . the shadow linger , then recede like in a scary ghost story . vera mile ( whisper ) see ? he 's always watch . they laugh nervously . int . hitchcock house , live room - same time alma come in from she gardening , and settles on the sofa with a cup of tea , a circle copy of tv guide next to she . on television -- the 1950 hitchcock classic stage fright . the credit come up : " screenplay by whitfield cook , adaptation by alma reville . " alma watch , thrilled at the sight of she name and whit 's together . on the tv the word " direct by alfred hitchcock " overwhelm the small screen . alm put down she fork , no longer hungry . int . hitchcock house , hallway - day alma head back to the kitchen , only to pause at the open door to hitch 's study -- there 's something on the desk . int . hitchcock house , study - continuous the hitchcock blond hitch 's personal collection . alma enter and start to go through they . each photo be turn over a little more roughly than the last . it 's hard to tell whether she 's more angry at the photo or the fact that they have be deliberately leave for she to find ... alma take off a earring , pick up the phone and start to dial ... int . soundstage , universal revue - same time as the crew prepare the car set to go again , hitch stride over to peggy who 's dial a phone . alfred hitchcock what 's the hold up ? peggy it 's still engage . he take the phone himself just as Vera mile emerge from she dress room , script in hand . vera mile hitch , I be stick on lila 's first scene . I do not know how strongly I should confront Sam and the detective and I -- alfred hitchcock ( acidly ) Fake it . he turn he back on she and dial . the engaged tone blare in he ear . his eye narrow at some crew member fussing with bit of light and SOUND equipment . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) do it really require two man to carry a light stand ? a.d. hilton GREEN I will take care of it right away , Mr. hitchcock . ( continued ) continued : he rush off to fix it . off Peggy 's question look . alfred hitchcock it 's different when they pay be come out of you own pocket . he rap the receiver button , more intensely this time , and redial . int . hitchcock house , study - day but alma 's still on the phone to whit , bask in he charm . her foot be up . there 's a drink in she hand . whitfield cook ( on phone ) well , I think that sound like a fabulous idea . we will have a late lunch . I will make the reservation for one thirty . alma what would I do without you ? whitfield cook till then , bye . she hang up , toy with she earring , feel better already when the phone ring again very quickly . she pick up without even think -- alma ( laughing ) what do you forget now ? int . soundstage , universal revue - continuous pudgy finger clench the coiled phone cord as we move up to hitch 's face . he 's silent as a burglar , not even dare to breathe ... alma ( on phone ) whit ? be that you ? the blood drain from hitch 's face as he very slowly and carefully replace the receiver . his mind start to spin . he 's get to get out of there ... crossing the stage hitch lurch towards the production office , start to sweat , but he path be block by grip lay cable . the set be suddenly a cacophony of noise and chaos . a pr flack appear -- ( continued ) continued : pr flack Mr. hitchcock , every press outlet be drive we crazy for photo -- hitch brushes past he to find another route but more grip be move a ladder . he turn , kick a platter of healthy snack out of the way , only for a arclight to swivel in he face and blind he . peggy be you okay ? you have go very pale . Peggy 's face suddenly come into focus . alfred hitchcock stop trail I like a puppy dog and get I something long , cool and wet . peggy it 's not even three . alfred hitchcock give I the key ! he snatch it and push past she , leave she flat . ext . soundstage , universal revue - day - continuous hitch exit the soundstage door , only to find the humorless face of barney balaban block he office door . barney balaban hello , hitch . how 's the picture ? I be hearing interesting thing ... alfred hitchcock it 's a wonder you can hear anything over the noise come from the shurlock office . balaban offer up he handkerchief . hitchcock wave it away even though he 's now cover in sweat . barney balaban I should not be in a position of just hearing thing , hitch . it 's time you show I some footage . alfred hitchcock why ? ( continued ) continued : barney balaban to see if you be make a picture paramount can actually release . alfred hitchcock as you well know , barney , my contract guarantee I final cut . barney balaban you contract also say paramount be not require to distribute any film that could cause we embarrassment . alfred hitchcock unlike the last five Martin and Lewis picture you be all so proud of . he slam the door in balaban 's startle face . int . hitchcock's office , universal revue - continuous hitchcock loosen he collar and catch a glimpse of himself in a mirror . he 's unravel and it show . barney balaban ( o.s. ) I demand to see some footage , hitch . hitch lower the window blind over balaban 's face and fumble for the phone . alfred hitchcock connect I to maxim 's of Paris . he take the key and open the liquor cabinet ignore the insistent knocking at the door -- alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) yes , it 's Alfred hitchcock in Hollywood , California , Jean -claude . I need three pound of foie gras send on the next flight out . ( then ) that 's correct . Three . he pour himself five finger of scotch . ext . pacific coast highway - day a majestic view of the coastline as whitfield cook 's cream mercede 190 cl , zoom along , top down . alma wear white - rimmed sunglass and a head scarf . ( continued ) continued : whitfield , in true hitchcock lead man style , have the perfect amount of wind blow through he hair . whitfield cook that steak have not change at all , have they ? alma it 's so nice not to have to take care of someone , even if it 's just for a hour or two . she take in the sparkling scenery whipping past . alma ( cont 'd ) whit , where be we go ? you still have not tell I . whitfield cook I have a little surprise . alma a surprise . how fun . whit just smile as he jam the acceleration and the car roar off down the highway . ext . hitchcock's office , universal revue - day hitch stand in the parking lot tapping he foot impatiently near the park Ford fairlaine police car use in ` psycho '. Janet watch he , sit behind the wheel of she volkswagen beetle . after a moment she toot she horn and drive up . janet leigh what happen to you driver ? alfred hitchcock I have be ask myself the same thing . she smile . janet leigh I can give you a ride if you want . hitchcock raise a eyebrow at the tiny car , and then , with great effort inch he massive frame through the open door . int . car - moving - day alfred hitchcock do you know Adolf Hitler sketch the design for this car on ferdinand porsche 's cocktail napkin in a Berlin beer garden ? janet leigh I do not . she turn to see hitch wedge uncomfortably into he seat . alfred hitchcock it 's only now that I truly appreciate just how diabolical herr Hitler be . she notice he eyeing the half - eat bag of candy corn on the dashboard ( the kind norman bate enjoy throughout " psycho " . ) alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) May I ? janet leigh help yourself . ( let he in on it ) I pinch they from tony 's dress room . he take one and chew it curiously . alfred hitchcock so this be what they eat at the drive - in ... he take the whole bag and set to work , pop they in one after the other . janet leigh I think you only eat fauchon chocolate . alfred hitchcock need must when the devil drive , my dear . he 's so deadpan but now there 's no way to tell if he 's joke or not . she put the car into gear , sense he despair . ext . santa barbara beach - day two payr of feet ( continued ) continued : nest in the sand . alma and whit sit out watch the surf . the water lap over they toe . alma I do not mind that he use he obsession to fuel he art . I just do not like it when he use it against I . whitfield cook he 's like any great artist . impossible to live with but worth the effort . ( he throw a rock into the sea ) Van gogh be not exactly a walk in the park either . alma do you know when we start out I be he boss ? he do not even dare ask I out until he would work he way up to assistant director . whit watch as she pick up some sand , let it run through she finger ... whitfield cook what do you think of that place over there ? he nod to a SMALL beach house up the way . alma look nice . terrific location . why ? whitfield cook it 's mine . she look at he askance . be he joke ? alma I just see Elizabeth . why on earth do not she tell I ? whitfield cook she do not know about it . ext . hitchcock house - day the sun be set on the hitchcocks ' driveway . the vw pull to a stop in front of the front door . inside the car ( continued ) continued : Janet look over -- decide to risk it . janet leigh so what do happen between you and Vera ? alfred hitchcock I be go to make she star . but she choose the life of a housewife . he stop chew . we push in as he feature turn reflective . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I cast she as the lead in vertigo . then two week before filming she tell I be pregnant . he screw up the empty bag of candy and look over at Janet . then , almost like a child -- alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) why do they do it ? why do they always betray I ? on janet as she look across and see the lonely abandon little boy just sit there ... ext . santa barbara beach - sunset alma enter the beach house cautiously and look around . it be old and fall apart with only a few functional furnishings . whitfield cook I be just lease it for the offseason . a place to get away from the wife and kid and write . alma very bohemian . whitfield cook you might find that room interesting . alma look . the door be partially open -- she see the one conspicuously new item of furniture . a double bed . alma whit . I hope you have not get the wrong idea . ( continued ) continued : he give she a rakish grin , then push the door open further to reveal the deck beyond . two mauve corona typewriter sit on a table face each other . whitfield cook if you be serious about help I adapt my book , I think it would be the perfect hideaway . she let this sink in , entrance by the incredible view and the crash surf . then , she step out onto the deck and up to one of the typewriter . give the key a approve tap . int . hitchcock house , foyer - day hitch enter the empty house at dusk . the dog greet he . he listen a moment ... then walk through to the study . int . hitchcock house , study - continuous hitch pour himself a brandy and downs it in one . he go to pour himself a second , when he notice something on the desk . it 's he collection of photo by the telephone . they be all neatly stack . with a single gold earring on top . int . hitchcock house , bedroom - night hitch lie in bed , he thought racing as he wait for alma to come home . finally , the sound of the car come up the driveway . he turn onto he side and pull up the blanket , listen to the sound of the front door ... and alma 's footstep down the hall . she quietly slip into the bathroom and shut the door before turn the light on . he watch she shadow through the strip of light at the bottom of door . when the bathroom light switch off again hitch hurriedly close he eye . ( continued ) continued : alma emerge in she nightgown and stop at he bedside , peer down on he . she 's not completely sure that he 's actually awake , but she suspect . int . hitchcock house , bedroom - night ( later ) hitch ease himself up and loom over alma to make sure she be safely asleep . he silently pick up she handbag and take it to the window . use the moonlight he search its content . car key . lipstick . purse . and the first few page of a story outline : " taxi to dubrovnik " the page vibrate in he hand as he gaze lower to reveal the rest of the title page : " story treatment by whitfield cook &amp ; alma reville . " int . hitchcock house , kitchen - night ( later ) a glistening mound of foie gras spoon into hitchcock 's mouth straight from the maxim' of paris tin . hitch stand in the glare of the open fridge , a beast feed in its cave , shove in mouthful after mouthful . it 's almost pornographic in its indulgence . gein step out of the shadow and put a comforting hand on hitch 's shoulder . we hear the civilized clink of cutlery against china ... int . hitchcock house , dine room - day hitch and alma sit at the table have lunch . alma eat a pork chop while hitch defiantly nibble at he healthy salad . he have a nice big glass of red wine which alma ignore . alfred hitchcock so I read you finish treatment . " taxi to -- " where be it ? alma dubrovnik . alfred hitchcock that 's it . dubrovnik . Care to hear my opinion ? alma yes. naturally . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock there 's no other way of say it . it 's stillborn . Dead in the water . alma blink , unable to hide she shock . alma how so ? alfred hitchcock ( with mock compassion ) the plot 's a muddle . some of the joke be awfully like thing we already do better hundred of year ago in the Lady vanish . and you villain be weak . but the biggest failure be the relationship between the hero and heroine . he pick up a radish and bite into it . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) if you be not so smitten with you friend whitfield cook you would probably see that . alma be entirely stunne . hitchcock have deliver the killer blow he intend . he get up and go over to the garden door . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) woman never really care to face the truth when they heart be involved , do they ? as he step out into the garden -- alma how would you know what really go on between a man and a woman ? ext . hitchcock house , garden - continuous hitch search he pocket for he lighter but can not find it . his annoyance only increase when he notice the scatter leave `contaminating` the surface of the pool . alfred hitchcock look at this mess . he grab the net and start scoop they out . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) bloody belt-tighten . ( continued ) continued : he can not get the net into the inflow filter so he get down on he hand and knee and start pulling out the leave with he hand . alma watch from the window ... then turn away . hitch pull out handful after handful of wet leave , claw away at they like a madman ... a temperature dial inches into the red int . soundstage , universal revue - set stage hand and engineer test a row of hot water tank install on the set . we follow the sound of rush water through a pipe as it snake across the set floor and pass through a fake wall to a shower head unleash a stream of steaming hot water . the set hand give the thumb up . set hand tell the boss we be ready . int . soundstage , universal revue - day Peggy and a.d. Hilton Green exchange a glance as hitchcock pace up and down in the corridor , eager to get to work . alfred hitchcock what 's the hold - up ? call time be two hour ago . Peggy nervously knock on Janet 's door and peer inside -- int . janet leigh dressing room - day rita riggs be hard at work molding moleskin patch to Janet 's nipple . janet leigh and you be sure this moleskin will stay put ? rita rigg Mr. hitchcock promise . ( continued ) continued : neither woman look convinced but they proceed with blind faith . janet leigh it better . I be go to be take a shower all week . as Janet slip on she robe , a moleskin triangle plop onto the floor . rita and Janet share a worried look . ext . beach house , santa barbara - day alma sit at she typewriter while whit stare off , look a little uncertain . alma forget what hitch say . he 's just feel he age . he will come around . whitfield cook but he 's right . it do need more feel . alma ponder the problem . finally -- alma so why do not we put some in ? she get to she foot and start to pace ... alma ( cont 'd ) all we need be a better catalyst . some innocuous little trigger to release all that underlying desire . the soothing sound of the ocean give way to the relentless hiss of shower water -- int . soundstage , universal revue - motel shower set - day Janet nervously remove she bathrobe and head toward the mock shower stall . alfred hitchcock good morning . he take she hand and guide she into position . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) as I explain earlier , this scene will be make up of many shot from Mr. bass 's board . a series of look - action ... ( more ) ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) well , you be the professional . you will know how to do it . around they , the crew frantically finalize the camera and light setup . male crew member look uncomfortable and excited by the unprecedented sight of a virtually nude movie star . saul bass come over with he board and hitch and he discuss the plan shot a moment . first a.d. hilton GREEN tony 's stunt double be ready . alfred hitchcock ah . there 's we murderess . into frame step Anthony Perkins ' female stunt double , margo , wear a gingham dress , silver wig and black makeup to mask her face . she wield a large prop knife and almost block we view of Janet in the white - tile stall . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) ( to janet ) be you ready for we little bloodbath ? janet leigh my mother always say , " have confidence in yourself and you can lick anything . " hitchcock take Janet 's hand , and with tremendous sincerity : alfred hitchcock my mother use to say the same thing . ( then ) let 's go for a take . quiet everyone . over and over , margo attack with the knife and Janet try deflect the blow but both woman be timid and Janet be clearly guard she modesty and cover she body . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) cut. more intensely . let 's go again . margo 's knife come at Janet uncertainly and every which way . nake and expose , Janet defend against the knife blow as they come at she but margo 's still pull she punch -- alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) no. more angry . you be possess with unbridle homicidal rage . ( leaping up ) cut . cut camera . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) he charge over to margo to demonstrate the savage stabbing gesture he demand . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) do no one understand what I be try to accomplish here ? I be older than anyone on this stage and I be still stand . everyone fall silent , unsure how to respond . hitchcock hold out he hand . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) give I the knife . margo place the knife in hitchcock 's palm . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) props . bring in more blood . a female makeup assistant squirt more chocolate syrup " blood " onto Janet from a plastic bottle of bosco . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) Roll camera . as the scene be mark , we see hitchcock 's anxiety . there be no SOUND except hitchcock 's rag breathe . crew member ready , sir . hitchcock nod . the camera whir . hitchcock hoist the knife into the air with terrifyingly convincing power and malevolence . the shower curtain get yanked back -- we see in the shower from hitchcock 's Pov not Janet but geoffrey shurlock . hitchcock slashes the censor a killer blow that send he reeling . the shower curtain get yanked back again -- shurlock be replace by barney balaban . hitchcock stab he with unleash fury and hate . the shower curtain get yanked back again -- whit turn , he 's naked and smile . hitch plunge the knife into he back , and he drop , revealing alma , arm around he waist . the shower curtain get yanked back again -- we be back in the real moment -- janet leigh scream as she give the `performance ' of a lifetime . hitchcock stop stabbing . his heart pound . he 's soak with sweat . the only sound be the drip-drip-drip of the shower ... on hitch as he realize everyone be stare at he . he straighten he tie , attempt to regain some semblance of control . alfred hitchcock print . we have get it . he exit quickly . rita escort the shake and exhaust Janet off set , pass Vera who 's witness the whole thing . she 's wear a bathrobe . Janet give she a look as if to say ` now I understand . ' int . hitchcock's office - universal revue - continuous hitch shut he office door and lean back against it . he close he eye , nauseate and dizzy . he do not even need to open they to know who 's there , wait for he . alfred hitchcock not now , Ed . it 's really not a good time . he stagger towards the water cooler , fumble for a cup . Ed step forward and pour he some water , pat he shoulder . ed gein you just can not keep this stuff bottled up . but before hitch can drink it he crash to the floor . ext . hitchcock's office - universal revue - same time Peggy and Perkins to react to the noise ... hitchcock's office - universal revue - same time they come through the door to see hitch lie on the floor . he look like he 's dead . peggy oh God ... ( continued ) continued : Peggy rush forward to help . Perkins just stand and stare , as if paralyse in some freudian nightmare . a telephone start to ring . ext . beach house , santa barbara - day it be inside the beach house , and partially drown out by the sound of the crash wave . alma and whit be on the deck , act out the scene as they write , too engross to notice . whitfield cook what if helen and Michael try and get into the cab at the same time ? alma even better , what if they reach for the cab door at exactly the same time ? alma demonstrate so that they hand touch . alma ( cont 'd ) that way , we could start close on the hand ... ( tracking the movement ) ... and then tilt up to the eye . they stare into each other 's eye , lip just inch apart ... whitfield cook that feel better already . finally , the phone intrude . alma be you go to get that ? with some effort , whit go inside and pick it up . whitfield cook ( o.s. ) hullo ?... yes ... hold on . he come outside , hold out the receiver for alma . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) it 's for you . int . hitchcock's office , universal revue - day Peggy grip the phone , she face full of concern . ( continued ) continued : peggy I know you tell I only to call in a emergency , but I be not sure how else to describe this . hitch lie slump on the floor . a compress over he forehead . his head loll to one side as he slip in and out of consciousness ... fade to black . int . soundstage , universal revue - day disarray on the set . martin balsam watch as saul bass , cameraman jack russell and a.d. hilton GREEN argue about the best way to proceed with the staircase sequence . hitch be conspicuous by he absence . as they bicker we find tony Perkins off to one side , sit in he Mrs. bate costume , unable to cope . he put the wig back on he head . there , that feel better ... balsam 's finally have it with all the argue . he walk off past Peggy who 's arrive with the phone . martin balsam it 's official . the inmate be run the asylum . Peggy hand Hilton the phone . peggy Hilton . I have Mr. hitchcock for you . she give he a warning look . " watch out . he 's in a terrible mood . " he wave away she concern . it can not be that bad . hilton GREEN hey there , hitch . we be still work on it . ( look over at the continuing argument ) everyone miss you . int . hitchcock house , bedroom - same time hitch , in bed and sick as a dog , have the script , note and board on a bed tray . the phone receiver be press to he ear . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock I have tell Peggy and now I be go to tell you . you have to get this sequence shot today . what 's the hold up ? hilton GREEN we try it ten different way and it look terrible . why do not we use insert ? alfred hitchcock no . it have to be a high angle . you will tip off the big surprise ! just get the process shot . hitch slam down the phone . int . soundstage , universal revue - continuous on hilton still clutching the phone , a little nonpluss . Peggy give he a look : " what do I tell you . " int . hitchcock house , bedroom - same time alma remove the phone from hitch 's grasp . touches he forehead . alma no more phone call . you be burn up . alfred hitchcock Burning up we money . we be two day behind and I be stick in bed . hitch swing he leg out of the bed . alma where do you think you be go ? alfred hitchcock to the set . we can not afford to lose any more time . two more day of this and the whole production go under . he shakily try to get to he foot . alma you stay in bed . I will deal with it . alfred hitchcock I would hate to take you away from you write partner . ( continued ) continued : she push he back against the pillow . he 's too weak to resist . alma under the blanket . now . int . soundstage , universal revue - day Crew member sit around eat donut . Assistant director Hilton Green and cameraman Jack Russell be still argue over the mechanic of the shot with more crew member join in . it 's near pandemonium . then alma step in the door , and everything stop . every crew member snap to attention as alma pass by . it 's like the school principal arrive after the substitute teacher have lose control . alma do not stop work because of I . I be only here as one of the two people pay you salaries . alma take a seat in hitch 's director be chair . as she eye dart around the set , it 's clear that she be taking everything in . Peggy flank she . alma ( cont 'd ) scene ? peggy one seventy three . alma storyboard ? Peggy hand the board to alma . she and Hilton quickly review the board . alma ( cont 'd ) start with the overhead . we will cut before the fall . then we will put Martin in a chair under the camera . Hilton look at Russell . perfect . he set ANTHONY perkin in he dress into place . alma ( cont 'd ) ( to the cameraman ) and that lens should be a thirty - five . Peggy mouth alma a silent " thank you " for restore order . int . hitchcock house , bedroom - day hitchcock lie in bed , toss and turn , the fever only make he thought darker and more obsessive . ed gein ( o.s. ) you forget to look in the bathroom . hitch notice the shadowy figure stand at the end of he bed . ed gein ( cont 'd ) a man like you ... miss the vital clue like that ... he blearily sit up and see gein 's impassive rustic face . alfred hitchcock what do you mean ? gein step over to the bathroom and push open the door . ed gein my mother always say if you be go to do a job , do it right . int . hitchcock house , bathroom - continuous hitchcock enter the immaculate white and chrome room and inspect it ... but nothing seem out of place . ed gein check the floor . he look down but again , nothing . ed gein ( cont 'd ) closer . hitch get down on he hand and knee . he run he fingertip across the smooth white tile . they start to collect -- grain of sand sprinkle all over the floor . ed gein ( cont 'd ) you still think they be just write together ? hitchcock 's face harden . his lip tremble . ( continued ) continued : ed gein ( cont 'd ) so what be you go to do about it ? hitch get up , open the medicine cabinet and take out a bottle of bayer aspirin . he empty the tablet into the sink and very carefully , sweep the sand into the aspirin bottle . he cap it , slip it into he robe pocket and turn off the light . omitted int . soundstage , universal revue - same time alma spot the tower figure of balaban stride onto the stage accompany by a man in a cardigan . alma barney . he see she and bristle , clearly surprised to see she there . barney balaban alma . alma take in balaban 's companion , and the viewfinder round he neck . barney you know David kirkpatrick . he 's work on Jerry Lewis ' next picture . she do . they nod politely -- then stand there . barney ( cont 'd ) so he 's free to help ... ( a sly smile ) if you need it ... silence . just the bustle of crew member in the background . alma that will not be necessary . barney but you be nearly three day behind . he take a step towards hitch 's empty chair , but alma move to block he path . it may be a small gesture , but it 's highly charge . barney stare down at she . ( continued ) continued : barney balaban alma . we both know what kind of film this be . ( then , closer ) the smart thing to do would be to help hitch finish it . alma thank you for you concern , barney . she move closer to he , hold he gaze , not bend one bit ... alma ( cont 'd ) but on a hitchcock picture , there be only one director . the anger flash on he face as she face he down , the entire crew behind she now , hold firm ... ext . soundstage , universal revue - day balaban , incense , leave the stage with kirkpatrick . alma step out into the sunlight not far behind they . as she watch they leave , she let out a breath . a voice call out to she -- woman' voice Mrs. hitchcock ? she turn to see Janet walk over in capri pants and a sleeveless top . she 's carry a elegantly wrap package . janet I hope you do not mind . I hear hitch be sick so I get he a little something . she hand alma the gift . a bag of candy corn tie with a ribbon . alma that 's kind of you . janet well , he 's be very considerate with I . ( a beat ) I have not always have that from my director . alma Janet , you have be very ... professional . it have not go unappreciate . ( continued ) continued : alma take in Janet 's unaffected natural beauty -- and she sincerity . she can not help but notice the second glance Janet be provoking from passer - by now ... she 's a impossible rival for any woman . beethoven' 3rd symphony , `eroica ' blare deafeningly ... int . hitchcock house , bedroom - day on the stereo . alma find hitch on the sofa swaddle in a blanket and eat ice cream . alma May I turn that down ? she silence the stereo . hitch do not react . alma ( cont 'd ) you will be pleased to know order have be restore . he still do not look at she , masticate loudly . alma ( cont 'd ) a thank you would be nice . alfred hitchcock we be still two day behind and sixty thousand over budget . alma I already cancel the wrap party . that will save we two thousand right there . and you will not be tempt by any champagne and cake . she pull at the bowl of ice cream . he refuse to let go . alfred hitchcock beware -- all man be potential murderer . she yank it from he grip . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) with good reason . ( continued ) continued : alma alright , what 's this about ? he slowly pull the aspirin bottle from he robe pocket , building suspense as he unscrew the lid and pour sand into a tiny pile on the coffee table in front of he . alfred hitchcock spend a lot of time at the beach ? he put down the bottle , look for a reaction . alma that 's where whit and I be write . he 's rent a place . alfred hitchcock hardly the ideal set to avoid distraction . alma actually , it 's very conducive to creative collaboration . alfred hitchcock I already tell you -- that treatment be a waste of time . alma do not everyone say the same thing about " psycho " ? she reach for the aspirin bottle to throw it away but hitch grab it first -- alfred hitchcock be you and whit have a affair ? alma do not be absurd . he 's work on something new and need a little help , that 's all . alfred hitchcock what a coincidence . I be work on something new and I could use a little help too . alma what do you think I have be do ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock then why be you spend all hour of the day and night with some overage , talentless mamma 's boy ? alma because it 's fun . he quiver , livid . alfred hitchcock I be under extraordinary pressure on this picture , the least you can do be give I you full support . alma full support ? we have mortgage we house . my house . alma 's eye flash with unaccustom hurt and fury . alma ( cont 'd ) might I remind you that I have weigh - in on every aspect of this film so far , as I have do on every picture you have do in the last three decade . and the first time you show the film , it will be my note that you want . I celebrate with you if the review be good and I cry for you if they be not . I host you party and put up with that fantasy romance with you lead lady . and when you be out promote this film around the world , I will stand beside or , rather , slightly behind you , smile endlessly for the press even when I be ready to drop , be gracious to people who look through I as if I be invisible because all they can see be the grand and glorious " Alfred hitchcock . " hitchcock be stunne and silent . alma ( cont 'd ) now , for the first time in year , I dare to work on something that be not " a Alfred hitchcock production " and I be meet with accusation and criticism . this work I be do with whit give I pleasure and purpose . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) alma ( cont 'd ) and even though that take absolutely nothing away from you , please consider this a reminder : I be you wife , alma reville , not one of the contract blond you badger and torment with you oh-so - specific direction . she turn and , with great dignity , leave hitchcock sit in the gather gloom . he 's not the only one who can deliver a killer blow . int . soundstage , universal revue - day on hitch with that same lose expression on he face , only now dark shadow and harsh light alternate across he feature . a naked light bulb dangle from the ceiling as stage hand prepare the film 's climactic scene in the cellar . hitch watch as vera reach out to touch the shoulder of Mrs. bate . we zoom in on she as she react in silent horror , she hand fly up to hit the light bulb , throw crazy shadow all over the set . we push in on hitchcock 's face as the strobing light briefly illuminate the image of - a SMALL boy at the foot of he mother 's bed . int . vera mile ' dressing room - later a wig on a stand . a frumpy woman 's outfit on a hangar . Vera sit in front of the mirror and unty she own hair . vera mile free at last . rita collect Vera 's detest wardrobe to take back to wardrobe . vera mile ( cont 'd ) thanks rita . Vera rub cold cream into she face to remove she make -up . in the mirror , she see hitch in the doorway as rita squeeze past he on she way out . ( continued ) continued : vera mile ( cont 'd ) ( wiping off she make - up with a kleenex ) hello hitch . alfred hitchcock well , Vera . you always make it look so easy . vera mile oh , it be nothing , hitch . I just fake it . she give he a dazzlingly ambiguous miss America smile . vera mile ( cont 'd ) well , I guess this be au revoir ... hitch come and stand behind she chair , gaze at she in the mirror . alfred hitchcock why do not you stay with I ? I would have make you as big a star as Grace Kelly . she consider the question and the man ask it , sense something different about he now . she continue wiping off she make-up . vera mile unlike Grace Kelly , I can pick up my dry clean . I have get a family , hitch . a home . that will always mean more to I than all of this . ( then ) that blonde woman of mystery you be after ? she 's a fantasy . she do not exist . he study she a moment . alfred hitchcock there be a time when I think I understand you so completely -- understand woman .... hitch give a very slight bow , touch she on the shoulder , then leave . Vera watch he go , strike by he rare show of vulnerability . ext . beach house , santa barbara - day wind blow sand off the dune . alma sit in the park car outside the beach house , contemplate the type page on the seat next to she . a inkling that they may not be as magical as she have hope . no matter . she check she reflection in the rearview and apply some lipstick , readying herself . she collect the page and head up the step to the deck . she see two typewriter and paper , but no sign of whit . something do not feel right . she turn and in the bedroom , through the window , she see whitfield cook make love to a young woman -- it be the pretty secretary from the studio lot . alma and whit 's eye meet . whit be horrify at be catch . alma duck she head , wheel around in shock . alma' car she yank open the door and get in . whit run half dress from the house ... whitfield cook alma , I think you be come later tonight . alma I think you rent this place so we could write . whitfield cook I do . I swear -- this just happen . she struggle to get the key in the ignition . he put he hand desperately on the car door . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) you will not say anything , will you ? alma do not worry . I will not tell Elizabeth . whitfield cook I mean to hitch . whit smile feebly . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) we can not all be geniuse . ( continued ) continued : alma try to hide what a body blow this be . whitfield cook ( cont 'd ) alma -- you be incredibly talented . but , after all ... we want he to read the script with a open mind . alma oh , I would not worry about that , whit . she start the car and drive off . whit watch , deflate , know he 's ruin everything , he recede figure swallow up by flicker white light ... int . screening room , paramount studio - day we play this scene only over the face of a SMALL invite audience -- there expression tell US that the footage they be seeing be not go over well . not at all . lew sit with barney balaban and two executive . lew discreetly check he watch out of boredom . shurlock and he two assistant look appal . composer bernard herrmann , late 40s , prickly , sit in the back row look suicidal . he glance back at hitchcock who stand near the screen room door look worse , if that could be possible . ext . screening room , paramount studio - later shurlock exit and approach hitchcock who 's wait in the foyer . geoffrey shurlock you be go to have to cut all that nudity . alfred hitchcock what nudity ? it be suggest . geoffrey shurlock I definitely see that knife jabbing she . alfred hitchcock we do no such shot . geoffrey shurlock I would stake my reputation on it . I be recommend you cut the shower scene entirely . hitchcock be livid but hold he tongue . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock I will go over it frame by frame and set up another screen . but shurlock be already walk away ... wasserman emerge from the screen room converse with balaban . hitch search they expression for some indication but balaban stride off without say a single word to he . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) what 's the verdict ? lew wasserman let 's just say it be a four- letter review and it be not `good ' . the harsh reality devastate hitchcock . lew wasserman ( cont 'd ) screw he . it 's too late for paramount to back out no matter what balaban say . hitch just stand there . lew wasserman ( cont 'd ) the other route be to recut it as a two - parter for the tv series . because of the budget and the hitchcock name , we stand a good chance of break even . still , hitch do not say a word . lew wasserman ( cont 'd ) look , I make Jimmy Stewart a millionaire of Winchester 73 and that be a dog . at least I could sit through you picture . hitch stare bleakly off . he can not help notice the kim novak -type he spy on earlier outside , hand in hand and kissing she date . lew wasserman ( cont 'd ) more importantly , what do alma think ? int . hitchcock house , kitchen - day alma sit with the hitchcocks ' accountant go over the book again , look at the revise figure . they close the book and sit back and look at each other . alma be there anything else we can do ? ( continued ) continued : silence . this time he can not bring himself to look she in the eye . accountant we will just have to wait and see how the movie turn out . alma get up and cross to the window . stare out at the pool reflect a leaden sky ... and the clump of dead leave float across its surface ... alma well , it be only a house . int . hitchcock house , study - night the dog , geoffrey and stanley , lap away at a water bowl in the study . a splash or two of something be add to the bowl from above . it 's be pour from hitch 's brandy glass . hitch pour himself another glass , leave the dog lap happily away as he go over to the steinway Grand . there 's a bank of silver - frame photo on top . he pause to take a proper look at they . his and alma 's life together in movie . smiling at premiere with cary grant and Grace Kelly . on vacation with Jimmy and gloria Stewart . at a black tie event with ingrid bergman and Gregory peck . but it 's the photograph tuck away at the back that he want to see most . a black and white publicity still take on the set of the Mountain Eagle in 1926 . he pick it up and look at it : the young hitchcock in front of the camera , dramatically call " action ! " on he first film . his eye do not have to move far to find alma , stand just behind he , make note on she clipboard , the same intense , serious look on she face . they look so young ... hitch turn to look out the window , thoughtful -- hitch 's Pov . it 's snowing outside . int . gein house , basement - night we pull back to discover the window be now in a basement light by a single oil lamp . ( continued ) continued : we find gein sit at he workbench . hitchcock be perch on a stool nearby watch he . trash and newspaper be pile everywhere . there be grime and dark stain on the cabinet and counter . ed gein this be my favorite place . I just shut the door and leave the world behind . hitch watch gein as he thread a needle , stitching something expertly together . he notice there 's no hint of a tremble in gein 's hand . ed gein ( cont 'd ) pass I that bag , will you ? hitch pass over the shopping bag ... then pull up he coat , feel a chill . alfred hitchcock do not you get lonely out here sometimes ? ed gein I can always talk to my mother . headlight suddenly rake the room as we hear car pull up -- a lot of they . the sound of men , shouting . flash red and blue light . loud knocking at the door -- ed gein ( cont 'd ) that 's strange . footstep thunder above he . dozen of officer be fan out all over the house . captain schoephoerster ( o.s. ) Jesus Christ . hitch watch as gein just sit there and the sound of shocked reaction and horrify gasp continue above ... captain schoephoerster ( cont 'd ) I think we find he hide spot . ed gein ( sotto voce ) they can not go in there . that 's my mother 's room ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) car headlight blast through the window and hitchcock finally see the basement room properly for the first time ; knive of all shape and size ... jar of preserved body part ... and two severe hand , fold in prayer . from upstair the sound of splintering wood . ed gein ( cont 'd ) they can not go in there ! ( calling out ) that 's my mother 's room !! Ed spring to he foot , scream it out as he bolt upstair and the pandemonium continue ( o.s . ) we push in on hitch face as the bleak reality of gein 's lair hit he ... it 's more profound and horrible than he could ever have imagine . a lush romantic score start to swell , mercifully drown it all out ... int . hitchcock house , live room - night titles from a dark 1946 romantic melodrama fill the screen . " the secret heart " " screenplay by whitfield cook . " alma sit watch the afternoon movie alone , brush the dog on the sofa next to she . angle on doorway hitchcock read alma 's fragile emotional state and enter . he sit down beside she and study the screen for a moment . alfred hitchcock a odd little movie . of course , Colbert be wonderful . alma nod . they watch for a beat longer . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) how be the beach ? alma cold and miserable . ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock just like barney balaban 's face . he indicate the over- ripe dialogue come from the tv . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) whit be not worth a damn when he 's not work with you . ( pause ) and neither be I . alma take in he reflective expression , but say nothing . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I do not pull off the picture this time . it just sit there , refuse to come to life . ( then ) there 's no other way to say it ... it 's stillborn . alma turn away . hitch sit there bereft in the lonely silence . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I let you down , my love . he move closer and take she hand . give it a small squeeze . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) you deserve better . she still do not move . after a moment hitch get to he foot . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I will go and feed geoffrey and stanley , shall i. he exit with the dog pad after he . she turn back to the screen and more of that stilted , mannered dialogue . tear well in she eye . ext . hitchcock house - night a full moon . the only light from inside the house be the one in the kitchen . we glimpse the figure in the window . a corpulent man in profile , like a Hopper painting . int . hitchcock house , kitchen - later hitch sit in he nightgown , push some vegetable around he plate -- he healthy midnight snack . alma enter in she robe . hitch watch she . she go to the fridge , open the produce drawer and from under the brussel sprout pull out a tiny hide jar of beluga caviar . she get the cracker , a plate and a spoon and sit down at the table next to he . alma I do not think I can stand both of we be maudlin . she fix several cracker , each with a appropriate dollop of caviar on top , and put the plate in the middle . alma ( cont 'd ) there be one solution to all this , you know . she offer he one of the cracker . alma ( cont 'd ) we could both get to work -- together . tentatively , hitch accept it . alma ( cont 'd ) that tiresome little hitchcock imitation I have be help whit finish be do . hitch remain quiet , delicately consume he cracker . alma ( cont 'd ) so I suggest , for everyone 's sake , we start whipping psycho into shape tomorrow . you may not be the easiest man to live with but you know how to cut a picture better than anyone . hitch put the lid back on the caviar . alfred hitchcock except for you . int . editing room - next day a series of quick shot as the editing room come to life : can of film be bring in by assistant , strip of celluloid be pulled out , inspected and marked with chalk while other be splice together . hitch and editor GEORGE tomasini wait quietly like schoolboy , while alma review the footage on the moviola . alma you will need to cut that six or seven frame where she blink after she 's suppose to be dead . alfred hitchcock we have see the footage a thousand time . she do not blink . alma give he a look ... int . editing room - later film hang everywhere in bin four assistant be work on moviolas . alma and hitch work they way down the line , inspect each new assembly . alma ( first moviola ) take thirty frame off the head ... alfred hitchcock no , no , the second take , the light be better on he hand . alma ( next moviola ) only cut back to Janet once the car 's already move . alfred hitchcock cut it tighter . the minute I lose one person I have lose the whole audience . two payr of hand . hitchcock 's and alma 's . they work like a pair of twenty - year- old at a pair of moviolas cut the picture . angle loosen -- to reveal George tomasini have doze off , exhaust . ( continued ) continued : alma you imp . you get nudity in there . alfred hitchcock her breast be very large , dear . it be a challenge not to show they . int . editing room - night editor GEORGE tomasini work at the moviola , sleeve roll up . GEORGE tomasini I will be damned . she do blink . int . editing room , corridor - day Peggy stand with a pester pr flack . flack how 's it go in there with Mr. herrmann ? peggy swimmingly . flack everyone 's say it 's a dog with fleas . before Peggy can deny it the argument flare through the wall . alfred hitchcock ( o.s. ) absolutely not ... int . editing room - same time Bernard herrmann be press he point hard with hitchcock . alfred hitchcock ... I do not want music in the shower murder . bernard herrmann ( frustrate ) but what alma and I talk about be really go to play . alfred hitchcock no . this be not vertigo , bernie . this be different . the image have to work on they own . ( continued ) continued : alma you can not scare people just by go , " boo ! " you have to tell they what 's come , make they anticipate it -- outside the pr flack share a despair look with Peggy . flack thank God we have get cinderfella for the holiday . omitted bernard herrmann' iconic score rise as int . editing room - day we move across hitch , alma , tomasini and peggy's face as they watch the moviola . the impact of the music be instant and unimaginably powerful . they be all move . grip . stun . hitchcock look down . Peggy be grip he arm tightly . GEORGE tomasini what do you think ? peggy I think I be never go to take a shower again . GEORGE tomasini hitch ? they look at he ... alfred hitchcock it 's get there . alma turn to he and hitch nod slightly . be that the tiniest acknowledgement that she instinct may have be right ? int . production code administration office - day on shurlock's humorless face hitchcock sit opposite he at the big conference table . ( continued ) continued : geoffrey shurlock I tell you , I distinctly see both the stabbing and the nudity . we be deny you seal , Mr. hitchcock . alfred hitchcock I take you opinion very seriously . but what you think you be see be purely inform by the power of suggestion . I assure you that once you view the final version with Mr. herrmann 's lovely , lyrical score ... geoffrey shurlock a " lyrical score " will not change my opinion . all that innuendo and half - naked grop -- really , hitch . alfred hitchcock would you mind if we have a word in private , geoffrey ? shurlock gesture he staff out . hitch move closer . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I have a modest proposal to make . if you be willing to leave the shower sequence as it be , I will reshoot the open love scene to you exact specification . shurlock react with surprise . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) in fact , I would welcome you personal supervision on the set . shurlock be more flatter than he would care to admit . geoffrey shurlock my specification ? alfred hitchcock if only audience could fully appreciate how tirelessly you work to help we entertain they while protect they from filth and indecency . shurlock study hitchcock 's sphinx - like expression . int . soundstage , universal revue - day hitchcock and Peggy confer . John gavin and Janet leigh , wear robe , chat while lie on a bed . Crew member wait impatiently . Peggy check she watch . peggy he 's be harass you since you announce this project , you invite he to the set , and he do not even show up ? what do you tell he ? alfred hitchcock that I respected he . deeply . Peggy laugh . now she understand . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , that be a wrap . thank you all . the crew start break thing down . the actor be baffle . Janet walk over to he . janet leigh I think we be reshoot the scene . alfred hitchcock no need . the charade be over . hitch hold out he arm for she and walk she back to the dress room . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) see , I be not that much of a monster to work with , be I ? janet leigh not at all . he offer he hand and she shake it , determine to be professional to the end . janet leigh ( cont 'd ) I just hope I be sufficiently loyal to the cause . alfred hitchcock Worthy of a purple heart , my dear . she lean in and give he a peck on the cheek . a moment of unexpected heaven that leave hitch speechless . ( continued ) continued : she walk away to she dress room . hitch watch as she step inside and close the door . after a moment we hear a piercing scream -- int . janet leigh dressing room - continuous Janet recoil at the sight of a mrs . bate prototype " prop mask " grin lewdly from she chair , and wear one of Janet 's brassiere . hitchcock peek inside as crew member come run . alfred hitchcock I hope you do not mind , I tell Mrs. bate she could have you dress room . on janet she can not believe she 's be catch out . she close the door on everyone ... and then after a moment scream again ... but this time not out of shock . int . hitchcock's office , universal revue - day hitch sweep in . lew be wait for he . alfred hitchcock we have we seal from shurlock 's office . ( devilishly ) now , we lead the lamb to the slaughter . hitch turn to lew for the latest news . lew wasserman the front office confirm . they be only open the movie in two theatre , as we suspect . and no premiere . if we do not get word of mouth we be dead . alfred hitchcock then we would better get start . Peggy , take a memo ... Peggy whip out she steno pad . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) we be go to write a manual on exactly how to sell psycho . int . printing PRESS - day booklet make the round on a conveyor- like contraption . as the booklet be bound by swift- move worker , we see hitchcock 's photo on a cover and he " advice " to theater owner . alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) my first instruction to theater owner : hire pinkerton guard to strictly enforce we unique admission policy . int . new york theatre - flash forward a manager open up he psycho promotional handbook and start to read , totally baffle . alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) furthermore , because psycho be so terrifying and unique , the guard can help you deal with customer who run amok . int . new york theatre - flash forward the manager introduce the pinkerton guard to he equally bemuse staff . alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) Post we special lobby clock to remind audience of the start time for psycho . he oversee as they hang a ridiculously large psycho clock in the lobby . ext . new york theatre - flash forward hitch 's voice boom from large speaker mounted under the marquee . alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) the manager of this fine motion picture theater have be advise not to allow anyone to enter the theater once psycho begin . we pan down to the staff and guard as they test out the recorded message that will be play for the ticket holder line . a couple of passersby listen , perplex ... ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) should you be so foolish as to attempt to slip in by a side entrance ... int . hollywood recording booth - present alfred hitchcock ... a fire escape or through a skylight , you will be eject by brute force . hitch lay down the track into a large microphone while alma watch from the recording desk . alma more playful , darling . int . empty new york theatre - flash forward a row of life-size hitchcock standee be carry in through the door one by one . poster be hang in the theatre lobby . the letter hoist up and hang on the marquee outside . alfred hitchcock ( v.o. ) " to further emphasize the sheer , unrelent shock and suspense of psycho , right after the close title " the end , " we strongly recommend that you close you house curtain over the screen for a full thirty second . " Inside the theatre , the manager make sure the curtain open and close correctly then turn to face the vast , empty auditorium . alfred hitchcock's voice " by do so , the horror of psycho will be indelibly etched in the mind and heart of you audience . " he anxiously survey the hundred of seat that will have to be fill . int . board room , paramount studio - day now barney balaban be read hitchcock 's publicity manual to the board . ( continued ) continued : barney balaban " absolutely never , ever will I allow anything to follow psycho -- no preview of come attraction , no newsreel , no short subject and certainly no double - feature . sincerely , and , emphatically , Alfred hitchcock . " balaban shut the pamphlet . silence . then turn to the stone - face board member : barney balaban ( cont 'd ) at the end of the day , it 's a minor hitchcock movie . one week , and it will be go ... he toss the pamphlet into the trash . barney balaban ( cont 'd ) like a bad dream . 138 omitted int . limo - day on hitch and alma' silent tense expression as they drive through the frenetic madness that typify Times Square , 1960 . ext . new york theatre - day ( later ) a dazzling marquee for " alfred hitchcock's psycho . " the car pull up . hitch and alma step out . there 's a long line of people outside the theatre . alma well , at least there be some people here . but hitch 's nerve be hardly soothed . the people in line start to notice the hitchcocks ... be it really they ? peggy come over to greet they with the theatre manager . peggy we can go through the side entrance . as the theatre manager usher they through the side alley -- ( continued ) continued : theater manager right this way , Mr. and Mrs. hitchcock . hitchcock turn to alma . alfred hitchcock ready for the gallow ? int . new york theatre , lobby - moment later the atmosphere be tense as people hurry to they seat . lew greet they . lew wasserman we have roped off some seat for you . alfred hitchcock you go on ahead . alma be you sure ? alfred hitchcock I will join you in a minute . off alma 's look . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I want to double check the print . alma Fine , darling . I will save you a seat . lew escort alma and Peggy into the auditorium . int . new york theater , projection booth - night the soothing whir of the projector as hitchcock stand next to it ... but the sound of the audience below tittering nervously be anything but reassure . alfred hitchcock ( under he breath ) but they be laugh too much . he peer down through the tiny window but can not see a bloody thing . int . new york theatre , downstair lobby - a minute later hitch inch open the door and peer through the crack at the audience but now he can not read they . be they grip with suspense -- or do they just hate it ? from the lobby we see hitch as he close the door and lean back against the wall of the empty corridor . a scared , lonely , corpulent figure . totally powerless . there 's nothing for he to do but wait . and wait . and wait . across the foyer , a spotty young theatre employee sweep up ticket stub and empty ashtray , quietly go about he business , entirely oblivious ... on hitch face as he grip the railing . this be take far too long . and then -- finally -- the sweetest sound in the world a blood -curdling scream . soon the whole audience scream in terror ... then break into laughter again ... nervous laughter this time , the best kind . hitch as he gesture with he hand , a conductor lead he orchestra , raise they up again as the audience start scream again right on cue pushing tighter on hitch as the dam break and all the pent - up emotion flood out ... leave only relief and satisfaction ... and make way for a smile ... the large of he whole career . int . new york theatre - later hitch , alma and Peggy be lead out into the foyer by the theatre manager . there be still scream in the theatre as the show continue . ( continued ) continued : lew can be see on the phone in the theatre manager 's office in the background as hitch , alma and Peggy walk past the line of ticket buyer to get to the front door . there be great excitement now as more and more people recognize the hitchcocks ... woman waiting on line Mr. hitchcock , how do it end ? alfred hitchcock I promise mother I would not tell . he get a laugh . hitchcock walk alongside the theater manager who 's not go to miss out on have he own moment with the crowd . theater manager Mr. hitchcock , what do I do now that my wife will not take a shower after see you movie ? alfred hitchcock have she dry-clean . laughter as lew appear . lew wasserman I just get off the phone with balaban . I could not resist tell he we be sell out for the next two week . alfred hitchcock what do he say ? lew wasserman he say " tell hitch congratulation . a well deserve triumph as we always know . " alfred hitchcock " as we always know ... " the two friend a look . peggy do this mean I can take the weekend off now ? hitch playfully shrug , " we will see " . theatre manager I be sorry , Mr. hithcock but there be photographer outside . they hear you be here . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) the theatre manager usher they towards the exit door . ext . theatre - day ( later ) a few photographer snap hitch as he emerge and head past the line of ticket buyer towards the wait car . hitchcock gesture for alma to take she place next to he instead of behind he . she shyly wave he away but eventually , and appreciatively , relent . as the flashbulb start to pop -- alma this could be the biggest hit of you career , Alfred . alfred hitchcock we career , alma . he look into she eye with nothing but deep , intense gratitude and joy . as more flashbulb pop -- alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) I have realize I will never be able to find a hitchcock blonde as beautiful as you . alma you do realize I have be wait decade to hear you say that . he give she a gentle peck . alfred hitchcock and that , madame , be why they call I " the master of suspense " ... he help she into the car . 145 omitted dissolve to : int . central state hospital ward - day it be a utilitarian institutionalized dining room . several nonviolent inmate eat at different round table around the room . a attendant watch , and a orderly mop the floor ( there be no female patient nor staff member . ) the real ed gein ( continued ) continued : be at a table with two other patient , include a soft speak older man , chet . Ed be heavier , he hair be whiter , and he be much more at ease than we have ever see . orderly ( to the attendant ) guess what I be do this weekend ? attendant what ? orderly claudine and I be drive to Chicago with she folk to see that psycho movie . the attendant pull the orderly aside , and whisper to he , nodd toward ed. the orderly 's jaw drop ! it be the coolest thing he 's ever hear . he look at Ed like he 's a movie star . meanwhile , Ed yawn , content . utterly oblivious . chet I think you be the happiest guy I have ever know , Ed . how you do it ? ed gein I will tell you . you live you life , and it 's unbearable sometimes but there 's this secret , Chet ; a big secret no one else know or want to tell ... ( he lean a little closer ) ... there be a God and he 's so big and powerful , he do not always remember you be there ... he take a huge bite blueberry pie . ed gein ( cont 'd ) ... but if you can get he attention and he see you be suffer , he will notice and he will take care of you . my mother use to tell I -- she 's pass , God bless she -- the one thing God truly love and understand be suffer . he take a long drink of milk . ed gein ( cont 'd ) after all , he invent it . we pan to discover hitchcock have be watch all this . he turn to the camera . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) alfred hitchcock and so , gentle viewer , psycho -- the picture everyone predict would bring I to wrack and ruin -- be such a hit that alma and I get to ... well , let 's just say that we get to keep we house -- and the swim pool . and the same critic who despise it go on to call it one of my great achievement . he produce a cigar and wander towards the exit door . alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) of course for I , it be just another " moo-vie . " as he stroll through the door -- ext . hitchcock house , garden - day -- and seamlessly appear in the beautifully tend garden , as if have walk through a portal . alfred hitchcock but you know what they say in Hollywood : " you be only as good as you last picture . " so , now , if you will excuse I , I must toddle off to begin the exhaustive search for my next project . he hold out he cigar towards something we do not yet see ... alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) unfortunately I find myself once again bereft of all inspiration . I do hope something come along soon ... a SMALL bird alight on he cigar tip and flap its wing . hitchcock can not resist blow a sadistic plume of smoke at the bird which promptly fly away . he give the camera a final characteristically deadpan look ... alfred hitchcock ( cont 'd ) good evening . the distinctive theme tune to he tv show start up and hitch toddle back up the front lawn and toward the terrace , where alma can be see lay out a delicious healthy lunch ... dissolve to : ( continued ) continued : alfred hitchcock made six more movie after psycho . he died at home in bel AIR in 1980 , with alma by he side . alma hitchcock died two year later . fade to : ed gein live in comfort in mental institution until he peaceful death in 1984 . fade to : alfred hitchcock never won a oscar . in 1979 , when he accepted the american film institute's life achievement award , he dedicate the honor to he wife , saying , " I share my award , as I have my life , with alma . " fade out .