fade in : high angle - night it be raining . Far in the distance , we can just make out the low London skyline . we tilt down . below , a volvo wind through a rain-slicked suburban village . Nice , quaint , English . ext . london suburb — night we pan with the volvo as it ease down the street , where quaint give way to new . a middle - class housing development for the upwardly mobile . we crane down as ... ext . nice suburban house - night the car pull into the driveway and suddenly stop short with a slight screech . we continue down . inch from the bumper , headlight listen off of it , be a little girl 's new tricycle . the volvo 's door open and a man rush through the rain to retrieve it . int . kitchen - nice suburban house - night the man set the tricycle down and shake the rain off of he . his name ig michael whittier . early forty , but still pretty | good jook , maybe a little tired around the eye . he toss he ey onto the counter and reach into he coat , but stop notice a note next to the fax machine . cu note : which read , '' daddy ! " , in crayon , with the draw of three little stick figure , obviously girl , and a arrow . we pan right . the arrow point to a full glass of milk and a chocolate chip cookie with two small bite out of it . back on Mike , who grin . he pull the holster , 'mm . h&k from he pants , set it on the counter , and drop he interpol badge next to it . he then take the glass and head into he study . int . dark study ~ night Mike walk in , silhouett in the barest glow from the window . we can hear he eat the cookie . he trip over something heavy . mike bloody hell . he pull the chain on the desk light and look down , the cookie in he mouth . a blanket , cover a large lump , be on the floor . mike ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ...? he take the cookie from he mouth and look around , confuse . suddenly he drop the glass , instinctively go for he gun . man ( 0.s. ) it 's not there ... 2. Mike realize it 's not , almost trip over the lump again . on the other side of the desk , he desk , sit in he chair , be @ man . pagan wear a expensive black suit with a red tie . 's the man be bald . . man ( cont 'd ) . it 's in the kitchen , where you leave it . on the counter , next to the fak machine . sit. the man , who we will call agent 47 , lift a stainless .45 , a silencer screw onto it . . mike how do you get in ...? he stop as he notice the picture in the man 's other hand . the picture of Michael 's wife and three girl . 47 set the picture on he desk , face Mike . agent 47 you have a nice family . the man slowly unscrew the silencer from the .45 . Mike be about . to freak , think the worst . but the man shake he head , .. place the silencer on the desk as well . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) they be fine . alive . asleep . mike ( very apprehensive ) if you nre go to kill I ... agent 47 : if I be gonna kill you , I would have do it when you walk to you car this morning , and be go by the time you body hit the sidewalk . but , right now all you can think about be you family . and that be make yeu desperate . desperate man do stupid hing . without the suppressor , this weapon will sound like a howitzer go off in here . and ... I do not leave witness . mike . . I understand what you be imply . L agent er hn : ke I be not im ing be ing . if you make I kill you , bike , you will not go alone . sit ! then you be look for someone . a killer . a professional assassin ... ext . shanty town ~ niger -— day superimpose title card : shanty town - niger a beat up old Range Rover bounce along a dirt street in the middle of town . the poverty here be oppressive . the Rover t do not even slow as the filthy , hungry child roam the street scatter like roach . there be man who believe the reach of that that want agent , 47 ( V - 0 ; } t ey , be beyond hem dead . the Rover rattles to a stop at a heavy iron gate : the only entrance through a thirty - foot high , pockmark concrete wall . four man with kalashnikovs approach the suv and peer inside . two of the man each hold massive hyenas on thick chain which punge and scratch at the Rover 's door . another guard lean in to the iver . after a few moment , the guard wave the other aside and the heavy gate slowly grind open , allow the Rover to pass . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) ( cowr ’d ) they go to extraordinary length to try and protect themselves . Inside , the Rover cross a empty , forty - foot kill zone to . another gated wall , a camera mount above it . after a beat , this gate slide open as well . agent 47 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but no matter how hard they try , and they do try , no one can hide forever . int . palatial estate - day Inside the second wall lie another world . lush green landscape surround a beautiful villa . the Rover continue up a paved drive lead to the huge mansion . a four-barreled , Russian - make 27mm . anti-aircraft gun track the vehicle as it pull up to the sweeping marble step . a small platoon of kalashnikov tote , hyena wield man surround the vehicle . two porter in white uniform run down the step to open the truck 's door . agent 47 ws0r} not from the man you be look for . four more heavily armed man climb out_of the truck . two of they walk around to the back , open the tailgate , and yank a gag , stripped - — to-his - — underwear , and hog-ty man onto the ground . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but still they try ... int . beautiful villa - day as they make they way through the mansion , score of beautiful , scantily clad woman mill about , oblivious to the man and they whimper cargo . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) | they lock themselves away behind steel door . at a open door they stop . one of the man , the leader , continue . ext . courtyard pool - day we follow with he as he pass more beautiful woman , some sun themselves in deck chair , other splash in the crystal blue water of the pool . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) behind legion of well armed guard . he walk directly to a heavily muscle black man die on a sofa in the shade of a cabana , eat hungrily from a skewer of cook meat . this be bwana ovie . his pet , a feral hyena , pace at the. end of a heavy chain near he . wie toss it the remnant of he skewer . agent 47 ( '' - 0 . ) ( cont 'd ) hey control government . les . sophisticate intelligence network . the soldier lean down and whisper something to ovie . ovie look up at he , and smile . agent 47 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all in a desperate effort to prolong the inevitable . int . beautiful villa ~- same time ovie enter the house , the hyena tug at the chain in he hand , and remove he silk shirt . " he use it to wipe the grease from he hand and toss it on the floor . he walk by the group of man , pat the prisoner on the arm warmly , and continue through the villa . his man follow , drag the ery man . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) but there be one thing they can never hide from , no matter how hard ey try . int . butcher room ~- day ovie finish tie on a leather butcher 's apron and pick up a large machete . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) themselves . as ovie sharpen the machete , the other man , with practise precision , buckle a well use black leather harness around the risoner 's shoulder . they then hoist the man up and hang the arness on a meat hook . machete in hand , ovie move toward the man , stare up at he . the man freak , writhe about uselessly like a fish on a hook , he incomprehensible scream muffle by the gag . _ ovie ( something in pidgin . ) tear pour from the man 's eye as a wick smile cross qvie 's lip . he reach out and grab the man 's leave arm , extend it . . ovie ( cont ’d ) ( something else in pidgin . ) the man 's muffle scream increase as he try to wrest he arm from ovie 's vice - like grip , but to no avail . ovie 's smile broaden as he raise the machete , and chop down . ext . another rooftop - same time agent 47 stare out across the dilapidate city at ovie 's compound in the distance , he face devoid of emotion . he hold a device in he hand with a black whip antenna protrude from it . he twist the dial on the device . agent 47 ( v.o. ) there be any number of way to kill a man . in 47 's ear be a tiny receiver . as he calibrate the device , the man 's muffle scream become audible , then give way to ovie 's voice . 47 squint , listen . back to : int . butcher room ~ same time ovie pitch the now severe hand onto the floor in front of he pet . the hyena quickly devour it . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) some , more brutal than other . the man clutches at the stump of he arm , which have be wrap in a dirty towel . ovie ( subtitled ) . you should not have steal from I little brother . know the consequence ... the prisoner , almost delusional from pain , desperately try to speak . ovie ( cont 'd ) subtitle | please , do not beg . you make this decision . the man shake he head violently , still try to speak . ovie motion for the gag to be remove . the maim man , stare at ovie , mutter , he voice nothing more than a hoarse whisper agent 47 ( v.0 . ) but to someone like I , the only thing that matter be the result . ovie what be wrong with he voice ? , ( to the man ) what do you do to he ? ; soldier 1 nothing , bwana . he be exactly as he be deliver . ovie deliver ? you do not find he ? soldier 1 ; no bwana . a contractor . american ... cur to : ext . shanty town ~ earlier the soldier hand a mercenary , who wear the full - face turban typical of African mercenary , a stack of cash . they look down at the hog-ty prisoner at they foot . back to : int . butcher room ~ day ovie use the machete blade to lift up the man 's chin . there be a tiny scab at he vocal cord . maim man ( hoarse , subtitle ) I '' sorry , bwana . I try ... ovie ( subtitle ) . what !?! what be it you say to I ? try to what ? maim man ( whisper , subtitle ) he make I swallow ... int . african shack - hour earlier the maim man , before he be deliver to ovie , before he be maim , sit tie to a chair , gulp from a tin of water someone hold to he lip . we pan to the other man sit in the room . the one hold the cup . it be 47 . he lock impassively at the first man , who finally nod . 47 hold out another clay ball for he to swallow . easy for a horse , difficult for a man . maim man ( exhausted ) how many more ? 47 look leave . on the table , next to he , be a small pyramid of the clay balis . more than a dozen . the man close he eye . back to : int . butcher room ~ day ovie look at he man . they be as confuse as he be . ovie | swallow ...? what be he talk about ? ext . distant rooftop - same time listen intently , 47 thumb up the safety on the device , revealing a toggle switch . int . butcher room ~ continuous ovie move in closer and grab the man by the face . ovie swallow what !?! he glance at the gag , and see the tiny transmitter hide within . realization wash over ovie . ext , distant rooftop - same time 47 key the toggle switch . int . butcher room ~ continuous ovie ( panicked ) runie ! boom ! the pound of C - 4 , painstakingly swallow by the maim man , erupt . a fiery explosion rip the man in half and engulf ovie , who scream . . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) certainty of that result , however , can be somewhat more complicated . the soldier try to put out the fire searing ovie 's flesh . ext . distant rooftop - same time 47 turn , walk toward the stair . ext . beautiful villa ~ moment later the soldier rush from the house , carry a burn , bloody , but still alive , ovie . . agent 47 ( v.0 . ) man be a resilient species , capable of survive a lot . a hapless porter run to open the door to the Rover for they , but one of the soldier kick he out of the way . they drag ovie 's body into the truck . ext . shanty town - street — day the Rover blast through town , careen off of car , send pedestrian diving for cover , hell bent 's for somewhere . ; agent 47 ( v.0 . ) which in my line of work can be problematic . int . rover - moving -— day the interior of the Rover be fill with accusation , yell and the smoke of burn flesh . we pan back to ovie who scream , he skin burn . ext . ramshackle hospital ~ day the Rover screech to a halt in front of the hospital and the man pile out , drag ovie 's burn body with they . agent 47 ( v.o. ) so you have to be smart . as they reach the door to the hospital , one of the man push . another patient off of a gurney to make room for ovie , whom they '' gently set down and push inside . int . ramshackle hospital ~- continuous they run to the triage desk . kalashnikov 's express they urgency . agent 47 ( v.o. ) you have to be patient . the nurse yell as several orderly grab the gurney push he into a third - world triage room . int . triage - continuous the soldier follow they . a nurse shout at they . agent 47 ( v.0o . ) a often , success do not come from find a way to get to the target ... she then close the curtain and turn toward the doctor , he back to we , check ovie ' 's wound . _. doctor ( without turn around ) . bring I 20 cc of ringer and morphine ... cu : ovien burned face as he watch she quickly leave . he turn slowly back toward the doctor -- _.... , agent 47 ( v.0 . ) but in find a way to bring the target to you . -- it be agent 47 , wear a doctor 's white coat over he black suit . he move toward ovie , a small insulin syringe in he hand . 47 plunge the small syringe into ovie 's neck . cu : syringe - the plunger drop . ovie look at the empty syringe , then up at the '' doctor '' , who pat he . ovie 's eye close . agent 47 nod at ovie 's soldier . it 's go tebe alright - the ief. eave the room . soldier sigh a collective feel of be int . ramshackle hospital hallway - day we follow with 47 as he calmly stride down the hallway . int . triage - day the heart monitor go flat . the man rush from the room , look for the doctor . but he be go . int . suburban house - study - night . agent 47 ; other situation , however , can require a more direct approach ... like this one . but the end result be always the same . a beat as the two man look at each other . , agent 47 ( cont ’d ) how be Jenkins ? mike ; he will never play tennis again . 47 nod . agent 47 I want to tell you a story . you can fill in the blank with what you already know . CUT to black : insert title seq : the familiar red , stylize fleur- de - lis move toward we . it slowly change . into the title . hitman fade to black . insert title card : one month earlier ... ext . nice suburban house - morning same nice , middle class house . a volvo and a Rover sit in the driveway . in the yard , that same red tricycle sit . superimpose title card : mill crossing - london - great britain 10 . ext . kitchen - nice suburban house - morning Mike , look less tired than when we_saw he before , be make lunch for he three school - age girl . fypical close - knit family chaos be in progress . oo of the girl , age 6 and 8 be watch tv and eat cereal . the third , who 's four , chase the family cat through the kitchen . mike without look up ) amber , please stop terrorize the cat and eat you breakfast . 8 year old ( by fix to the tv ) she be not listen , Father . his wife come in , on the phone . she be pregnant , maybe five month . wife that sound lovely . ( she cover the phone ) the cantrel want to do dinner . '' Mike shake he head no . she smile . wife ( cont 'd ) tonight around eight then . toodaloo . Mike sigh as she hang up . wife ( cont 'd ) . we have to , honey . we have be dodging they for week . mike . they kid be animal . the cat jump onto the counter , just as the 4 year old raise up from the other side and loudly growl at it . he cat freak , scamper across the slick tile counter in fear , and knock the 8 year old 's cereal into she lap , milk spraying everywhere . 8 year old you little beast ! and she do not mean the cat . she go after the four year old who run scream from the room . not want to be leave out , the six year old follow after they . wife and they kid be animal . Mike grin and nod , '' ok '' , then he cell ring . wife look at it , unhappy . Mike shrug answer it . ; mike whittier . beat ) again ? hen ? ( beat ) 1l . mike ( cont 'd ) | have a car here in fifteen minute , alert heathrow we be come . she sigh , pick up the phone . wife so much for dinner ... | ( she kiss he on the check ) be safe , honey . fade to black . we hear the sound of jet turbine scream . ext . old town - budapest - day we be in a section of town that appear gothic and modern at once . we crane down to a ancient church that have be convert into a decadent night spot . superimpose title card : budapest - hungary int . private banquet room - day Mike walk through a crime scene . it be a blood bath . he look at the detail . '' he bend down to a bloody body . Mike 's two subordinate feed he information . clarkson , late 40' hard English fella and jenkins , late 20 's California dude , on loan to interpol from the FBI . clarkson otto loindyke . cattle baron and all around sketchy guy . once a year the nasty fuck throw a fetish ball in he own honor . you know ... leather , whip , chain , candle insert into bum , that kind of thing . but none of the party - freak have access into the private dining room . jenkins one of the prostitute may be able to make a id . once they recover from they opium coma . Mike examine a Glock , slide lock open , abandon on the floor by the door . he move it around with the tip of a pen . ook ) no ook wu : I doubt { Bet g np several severe look Federal cop walk up to they . federal inspector we have not release this incident to interpol . you jurisdiction here be a courtesy at most . mike any theory ? 12 . federal inspector of course . it be well know otto have contact with a Moscow crime syndicate . we believe this be a business disagreement . mike { nods} . I see. be actually ask if you have any theory as to how the assassin get in here . Three dozen guard , metal detector at both entrance , a hand - wand at this door , and what , eight dead man -~ . jenkins -~- ten sir . mike ten dead man , all armed with machine pistol . do not seem like you average mafia hitter to I . dissolve to : int . budapest federal police hq - day Mike talk to the head guy of the Agency , who smile . patronizingly . behind they , Mike 's subordinate be put up a map of Europe . head guy we have all hear you theory , Inspector . . mike ; this be not a theory . no motive , no evidence , no witness . he 's a ghost . head guy ; and how long have you be chase you ... " ghost '' ? mike Three year . head guy I see . Three year . well I be happy to see we tax dollar at work . than. goodness we have the european Union to inance for you persistence . Mike want to smack he . instead he motion to Jenkins . mike this be description from two different prostitute work that night who get a good look at the assailant . he hand the drawing to head guy . both be of a bald man , but besides that , they be completely different . head guy you have solve the case inspector . now we only need to find a bald man ... 13. mike I believe base on the discard waiter 's jacket , he assume the position of a waiter . which be in line with what we know about he method . and enter the room unarm . fade to black . ; _ , mike ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 's D ) he be confident , efficient , and very clever . int . private dine room - meat king ‘s ball - night loud music assault we . 47 enter the room . through the open door a fetish party rage . in here , a small but more decadent dinner be in progress , complete with naked prostitute and leather mask slave . 47 be frisk and allow to enter with he tray of food , he walk over to the table . at its head sit otto , who be indeed a nasty chap . he place the tray in the middle of the table next to a steak knife . 47 move back , linger a moment . a guard push he . guard move ! 47 nod ~- mike ( 0.s. ) the first one to go be stab . probably from one of the steak knife . -- and turn to leave . 47 then take the knife , the one he palm off the table , and plunge it into the impatient quard 's neck , several time while he other hand yank the guard 's Glock from he shoulder holster . the booming music slightly obscure the noise as 47 turn and execute the other guard in the room . save otto for last . by wide with fear , he get three round . one in the body , two in the head . 47 remove he waiter 's jacket and lift one of the shocked , leather mask slave from the floor onto he foot . he drag the slave to the door , stand to one side , the Glock in one hand , he other arm around the slave 's neck . Three guard run into the room , weapon out . 47 drop they . he wait a moment , hold out the weapon and pop the fourth guy , the one with the wand , who stick he head in the door . he then turn to the guest in the dining room , who stare at he , try to reason through they drugge haze what the fuck be happen . agent 47 get 14 . he fire the Glock above they head . they all get it and stampede from the room . the Glock , its last shell spend , lock open . 47 simply drop it . he then tear the leather mask from the terrify slave , kick he away , and don the mask . look every bit the part , 47 rush from the room , cover he mask head in fear as more guard push they way in . mike ( 0.s8 . ) and stroll out of the club 's back door ... int . budapest federal police hq - day Mike stare at head guy. mike ( cont 'd ) but it be he , we man . ( point at the sketches ) that man ... he pull out a four-inch thick folder from he briefcase and toss it down on the head guy 's desk . hundred of police sketches spill out , dating back year , from many different case . . mike ( cont 'd ) this man . none of the sketches be have good , but they all have one thing in common . none of they resemble 47 at all , except for the lack of hair . Mike toss the two new picture onto the pile . . mike ( cont ’d ) | you beginning to get the picture ? no ? well let I show you . Mike walk over to the now complete map of Europe and take a red push pin . mike ( cont ’d ) this be otto . he push it into the map we pull back and see the map be cover with pin . 47 have be a busy guy . we pan over to mike . mike ( cont 'd ) how about now ? fade to : ext . five STAR HOTEL ~ day superimpose title card : ST . petersburg - russia dissolve to : cu : amber liquid be poured over ice the glass be take from the frame and we pull back ... 15 . int . bar ~ five STAR HOTEL ~ day to agent 47 , sit at the bar , sip a expensive scotch . we pan along the bar and dollie toward a woman . pretty , thirty , work through architectural photo and take note . she look up , notice 47 , stare a moment , then return to she work . angle on 47 , who feel the look . his hand nonchalantly slide into he coat , not take he eye off the scotch . . woman ( 9:8 - ) they might kill you for that ... his eye flick to she . she do not look up from she work . woman ( cont " D ) . . for what you nre do to that dalwhinnie . 47 stare at she . instantly he realize she 's not a threat . woman ( cont 'd ) this Russians consider it the best . he look at the scotch , then back at she . she be now off she . chair and move toward he . he shift uncomfortably in the chair as she sit down next to he . , woman ( cont ’d ) barbaric , be not it ? I be really hope for a nice bowmore , but that wouid be too much for a girl to ask , would not it ? he look at he scotch again , then back at the girl . agent 47 the bowmore be better ? woman well not that you could tell the difference the way you be brutalize that perfectly decent highland with ice . but , much . awkward beat . agent 47 I like it cold . she smile again and do a strange thing . she reach into he glass and pull out most of the ice with she hand . woman cold be fine , but never more than two cube . it water down the scotch . ( beat ) wow , that be rude . I be sorry ; aftermath of my pretentious ex-husband I be afraid . she do this little laugh and flip she hair , one of the | universal female sign of interest . she look at he , wait for some response . nothing . 16 . woman ( cont 'd ) I work for Architectural digest . I be here do a story on the Cathedral renovation . I be June . and you be ... she offer he she hand . 47 hesitates . she smile . . woman ( sonr ’d ) this 's where you tell I you name . he smile , noncommittal . woman ( cont 'd ) . okay ... so I be not ve. good at this . it 's be a while and I be not in ny twenty anymore . but , you have that sad , detach look in you eye that I see when I look in the mirror every morning . so , I will keep try . for both we sake -- agent 47 -- I be sorry . I have to go . he stand . she look like he just shot she in the stomach . it would probably be less painful if he have . woman { unhappy smile ) I seem that desperate , huh ? agent 47 ( Quick beat ) thanks for the advice . about the scotch . no ... and with that he walk out of the bar , leave a very unhappy June behind . she sigh , and drink he scotch . ext . hallway - moment later the elevator open and 47 casually walk down the hall . what appear to be nonchalance be actually a lifetime of train awareness . his eye never stop move . 47 open up the ice-machine in the hallway . it be full . he reach in toward the back push he hand , elbow deep , into the ice . he feel a moment , then ... close the ice- machine and move back to the elevator , hit the '' up '' button . int . HOTEL room ~ day we pan across and track through the room . it look pretty much like what you have expect the penthouse of a 5 star hotel to look like . the shower be run . a open powerbook sit on the desk . plugge into it be _a tiny lcd projector the portable kind that business - type carry for out of own meeting . although this one be smaller and chinese-made . 17 . on the wall be the project image of a man in he forty . we see random image and footage of this man go about he life , all edit together . he have that casual arrogance the powerful usually do . we pan right and track toward the bathroom . int . shower - continuous 47 hold a razor in he hand , fitting ona blade . he then begin ig shave . not just he face , but he entire body , include he ead . . 47 have a unusual tattoo on the back of he neck , usually hide by he shirt and tie . it be a black barcode . we pan left . also in the shower with he , inside a seal Zip - lock bag , be a stainless .45 . int . HOTEL room - later 47 , now dress in slack , stand in front of the project image . there must be hundred of hour on the laptop 's hard — drive . right now , what appear to be a home movie be play . 47 watch as the man play with he two child at a birthday party . the man seem detach . a woman appear , smile at the man and take the boy with a wink . as she leave the man 's smile fade , the detachment return . 47 hit pause on the tiny remote in he hand . the image freeze . 47 hit the zoom and the man 's face grow to a medium close - up . 47 move to the image , look into the man 's life -size eye . he stare a moment , then reach out and touch he . chime ! 47 look right . another chime come from the open laptop . cu - laptop screen . a black window have open , on the desk - top . word appear : '' abecept connection ? '' 47 click accept . ' then , '' connect to secure network . '' and '' decrypt . '' almost like a dos prompt , this seem very low tech consider what we have see . n fact , it be the opposite , micro-burst , encrypt info-packets from a satellite . 47 sit down on the bed and take a magazine from the pile . this one a italian gq . he thumb through it , glance at the screen . the familiar fleur- de- lis logo appear , ghost in the background . then , more text . it be diana , he contact , although he have no evidence that she be actually female . diana ( 0.s. ) { no dialogue , just text ) | budapest job confirm . the money have be wire to you account . the blink white cursor seem to pause for a moment then ... . diana ( cont 'd ) Nice work , 47 . he continue to flip through the magazine . |. diana ( cont 'd ) we appreciate you break you normal protocol and accept the new assignment so close to the last . 18 . 47 come across a ad in the magazine for a hand - build piece of wheeled , carbon - fiber luggage . '' the caption read , '' what do you get the man who have everything ? '' the price tag , '' 20,000 pound . '' diana ( cont ’d ) regrettably , the target date have be move up . at the client 's request . and ... 47 tear the ad from the magazine , place it in a stack of other . diana ( cont 'd ) the client wish it to be public . 47 look up . he speak . his word transform into text on the '' screen . agent 47 I have plan something more ... subtle . the white cursor seem to pause again , blink , then - ~ diana we apologize for any inconvenience . at 1700 hour , GMT , the subject will be attend a business luncheon . several hundred supporter be expect to attend . this be the location the client desire . do you accept the new parameter ? agent 47 I have make preparation . diana again we apologize . mikhail belicoff be gain support in he quest to reestablish a marxist regime in he country . his ideal verge on fascism . the client need it to be public . ( beat do you accept ? 47 think about it a moment . agent 47 yes . diana , the specifics be be upload . and the logo disappear . the word , '' connection terminate . '' 19 . 47 sigh . he lift the .45 off the desk and move to the door . a small device be attach to the middle of the door , waist high . small wire run to either side of the jam . 47 touch a switch on the device . the LED change from red to green . he unhook the wire and , place the gun behind he back , unlock and open the door . int . hallway - night it be empty 47 look down . on the ground , on either side of the door , be hundred of tiny glass - bead . he glance at the '' do not disturb '' sign still hang from the handle , and close the door . ext . balcony - moment later 47 stand on the balcony , fifty floor up , and look out at the light of St. Petersburg . he stare for a moment . he then move to a coiled climb rope , secure to the balcony rail . he test it , then move back inside . int . room ~ continuous 47 pick ub the remote and key the project footage to life . he eben , tie lown on the bed , gun rest on he chest , and turn off e light . in the dim , electronic light of the room , 47 continue to watch the man we now know as mikhail belicoff . int . budapest federal police hq - night Mike sit at a desk , on he cell , flipping through file . Clarkson sit at the next desk , take a statement from a strung - out hooker . mike ( into he cell ) I love xe too honey '' do you do you homework ? and you brush you tooth ? good girl . ( beat ) she 's four honey ... I know , but she 's not as grow up as you be . good luck on the spelling bee tomorrow . let I talk to mommy . Clarkson 's phone ring , off-screen . he answer it . clarkson ( 0.s . ) clarky ... mike { into phone ) . hey , baby ... how be thing ? ( smile ) that sound about right . you be the one that want three kid ... ( his grin widen oh , that 's right , that be I . 20 . es Jenkins come in . Mike look up , raise a eyebrow , but Jenkins shake he head . mike ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hold on baby . ( to Jenkins . ) nothing ? __ jenkins . nyet . no fingerprint , no hair follicle , no DNA of any sort . I spend all day go over the crime scene behind the State forensics specialist . we get zero . clarkson ( 0.5 . ) ( into phone ) you be fuck kid I . and the wanker buy it ...? mike ( into phone ) what ...?° I dunno honey , they be just like the other Eastern european , ghey do not like interpol muck around in they back yard . but , a couple more day at least . Clarkson hang up , roll he chair toward they . clarkson se we have a problem , gov‘nor ... and just then , head guy come wheeling into the room , a big ass grin’on he face , a bottle of champagne in he hand with a red bow . he set it on Mike 's desk , grin . head guy you solve the case yet ? mike not quite . what 's with the champagne ? . _ head guy Little go away present for you boy . do I mention we find the killer ? mike when ? head guy a hour ago . a Russian National . arm dealer . with tie to the varinsky family in Georgia . have a meeting with otto three day ago . we be guess they have a fall out . jenkins you think this be the work of some chicken - shit arm dealer ? mike @ what make you think he 's we guy ? 2i. head guy he would not be we guy , he 's we guy . he motion to himself and he man , who snicker . _. head guy ( cont 'd ) , you guy be a figment of you imagination . this guy be the killer . mike ok , what make you think it be you guy . head guy just a hunch . oh , and this ... he toss Mike the black leather mask from the ball . the one 47 be wear . put he phone down , Mike look at it . ; head guy ( cont 'd ) it be hide in he hotel room , under the mattress . clarkson oh , bloody hell . mike how do you find he ? . head cuy . get a tip ; it 's call old fashion police work . it 's in we manual . remind I and I will send you a copy . mike pretty convenient he still have it with he . jenkins c'mon , dude , surely you do not believe he keep it ? as a souvenir ? this 's a Fucking set up , and you retard be buy it hook , line and anvil . head guy I ‘li be hold a press conference later . I no ask you to attend , but I look much better on camera . you can catch it on tv at the airport . enjoy the champagne and have a nice trip . they laugh , leave . Mike look at he man . mike it 's not just I right ? I be not be paranoid ? clarkson no gov ’nor . you nre dead on . it 's we boy alright . and we be be ask to leave . jenkins shown the door be more like it . 22. e@ Mike nod , drop the champagne into the trash . jenkins ( cont 'd ) asshole ! Jenkins kick the map , and it teeter across the room . clarkson ( of the hooker ) well sweet , you be free to go . unless you fancy a_roll with a soon to be unemployed , interpol detective . prostitue ( subtitled ) fuck you . she leave . we hear a tiny voice . Mike remember he open cell . mike honey ...? look like I be come home sooner than we expect . '' fade to black . int . train station - ST . petersburg - early morning 47 walk to a train locker , reach behind , and pull out the key tape behind the locker . he open one of they and pull out a e@ iong black suitcase . int . seedy motel - later but still early Light barely fight through the close curtain , do little to dispel the gloom of this place . 47 sit at the desk , he laptop open , a camera cable to it , as be the little projector which show a map of the gity on one of the wall . in the middle of the map , a tiny red circle be draw . more concentric circle ring the map , each denote distance : 500 meter , 1000 meter , 2500 meter . 000 meter , etc . 47 move the cursor to a building at the edge of the map , almost three mile , and click . the digital camera 's hard - drive spin and the building appear . it be very tall , but currently under construction . Little more than superstructure and floor . he click again . we now see the view from one of the top floor . Far below , in the distance , we can just make a restaurant . 47 look at it a moment then move to the bed . where a Barrett - 50 Cal . sniper rifle sit . he begin to disassemble the weapon . we pan back to the photo . we push in . the scan-line disappear . ext . restaurant - high angle we hear a tiny ching , and the diopter change . suddenly the e restaurant be much closer . another ching , and the diopter change again . we can practically make out the line on the sidewalk . e cur to : 23 . cu - trigger as it be slowly depressed by a finger . until_we hear the SNAP of the bolt on a empty chamber . we tilt up as 47 remove he eye from the scope . we be in ... int . unfinished sky scraper - day 47 sit at the open window . wind rush in . the .50 cal on a bipod in front of he . he reach down and work through figure on a ballistic table . adjusting the dial on the scope , slightly . 47 then heft the heavy five - round magazine from the floor , the huge top bullet just visible . he insert it into the weapon and rack the bolt . we pull back as 47 lean forward , peer through the scope again , and track away from he , through the huge , open wall . ext . aerial shot ~ continuous we move away from one of the topmost floor , continuing back until the unfinish sky ~ scraper stand before we . int . limo ( moving ) - later mikhail belicoff sign document in the back of a limo as a make - up girl put the finish touch on he face . belicoff . _. ( in Russian , subtitle ) be this really necessary ? next to he , he pr woman nod . she be on she cell . pr woman ( in Russian , subtitle ) be the news - crew there yet ? okay ... . ( hanging up ) yergi , make the block ... the CNN crew be just set up . they be delay by the crowd . apparently you have a lot of fan . belicoff smile at she . she shrug . pr woman ( cont ’d ) . that 's what you pay I for . besides , I ’ma believer . you do you job , and I nil do mine . ext . restaurant -— day the street_is pack with over a thousand supporter , alt carry sign proclaim they love and support . camera crew line the side - walk . someone in the crowd he 's here ! fhe crowd surge forward but begin to part as the limo pull up in front of the restaurant . it be flanke by two large suv . armed bodyguard swarm from the suv and surround the limo . 24 . belicoff and he group , ringed by a dozen bodyguard , move from the limo . like movie-star mobbed by rabid fan . belicott take a moment to shake a few hand . someone throw rise petal . int . unfinished sky scraper - same time over two and a half mile away , 47 look through the scope at the scene . he depress the trigger slightly . 47's scoped Pov - we see belicoff 's guard shield he . they be skilled at they job . back on 47 who never take he eye from the scope . ext . restaurant ~ day the reporter rush at he , but he bodyguard keep they at arm length . more bodyguard continue to shield he . belicoff . gentlemen . lady . thank you for come here today , despite the snow . reporter # 1 you certainly have a overwhelming contingency of grass root support . . belicoff . iam simply try to represent the wish of the people . female CNN reporter do you believe that the kremlin will begin to take you seriously ? belicoff the whim of the old man in the kremlin be unimportant to I . I care about the Russian people . reporter # 3 there be some concern over you political view within the International community . some scholar be even compare you to josef stalin , beltcoef a exaggeration feed by my opponent . a that in the West . '' one only need to look at the poll to ... suddenly , one of belicoff 's bodyguard jump out of the way . confused , belicoff look around . belicoff ( cont ’d ) what be you do !?! CUT to : 25 . angle on 47 , look through the scope , as he release the trigger . back to : | . female reporter I think it be beginning to snow . belicof£ look at she . it be not snow on she face , but the spray of blood . belicoff freeze , look up . quick CUT to : agent 47 's Pov as_a frighten belicoff be look directly at he from two and a half mile away . angle on 47 , who squeeze the trigger again . back to : angle on belicoff as he head transform into a red mist . we move up as he guard take he down . people panic . then we hear two tiny report from very far away , as the SOUND of the weapon finally catch up to they . bang . bang . series of quick cut : 47 break down the rifle . - 47 pile the two fire shell casing and the disassembled rifle into a pile . - 47 pulis the pin on a thermite grenade , drop it on the pile , and walk away . - the thermite grenade ignite with a whoosh ! the intense , 4000 degree , white flame melt the metal . - 47 causally walk away from we , across the huge floor , toward the wait construction elevator . - lescend . dissolve to : int . train depot - ST . petersburg ~ day : 47 walk through the train station . behind he he pull two , newly purchase , sleek , carbon - fiber suitcase . we pull back as he move toward the track . and to a wait bullet train . fade to black . int . nice suburban house ~ night Mike unlock the door and move quietly into he house . squeak ! he step on a rubber toy duck . cquiel uietly ) shit ...! int . live room ~ nice suburban house - night Mike walk quickly through the live room then notice that he wife be asléep on the couch . 26 . @ he kneel down , stare at she . he brushes the hair from she | face . she be beautiful . he smile , and begin remove he tie . just then , he cell phone ring . : mike shit ! int . bullet train - later 47 sit in the rear of the first class cabin . he be stare at picture of a man . we shall call he '' the Glasgow assignment . '' outside another train scream by the opposite direction . his phone vibrate . a text message . '' please call the office . '' int . lavatory - night 47 lock the door and set he laptop on the tiny sink . cu - laptop screen . the black window open and 47 go through the now familiar secure connection ritual . the white cursor blink , momentarily . then ... diana ( text only ) we have a problem . ( a secneay ext on yes ? '' @ diana ; there be a witness . a prostitute observe the transaction . interpol be look for she now . must handle immediately . . agent 47 ; not possible , the budapest authority should already have a suspect in custody . ; diana negative . not budapest . St. Petersburg . agent 47 . highly unlikely . how reliable be you source . diana impeccable . as always . the cursor blink . 47 be not happy . he do not make mistake . ; agent 47 where be she ? diana frightened . hiding . have arrange a pickup by interpol . tomorrow a.m. will you intercept ? 47 think about it a nanosecond , then ... 27 . agent 47 yes . what about the Glasgow assignment ? diana it will have to wait . upload data . we push into a unhappy cu of 47 in the tiny rest room 's mirror . int . first CLASS cabin - bullet train - night 47 pull up the Russian kommercheskiy poezd train schedule . ona bev- nap he make quick calculation . int . baggage car - bullet train - night 47 move through the pack car , and remove he luggage from the stainless shelving . he then sit down on one of the case , and wait . glancing at he watch . dissolve to : cu - watch , 20 minute later . we pull back as 47 move to the service hatch , lead to the roof of the car . ext . roof ~ bullet train ~ night 47 crouch on the roof , wind buffete he . in the distance we can see the light of a town near . '' to the leave , a river . 47 look at the two piece of luggage . he sigh . he reach into he bag , take out a thermite grenade , pull the pin , and place it in one of the ungodly - expensive roll bag . with another sigh , he fling the bag off the train . it fly toward the river below , flaring white briefly as it break the surface of the water . 47 feel the train begin to decelerate as it approach the city , in accordance with Federal regulation . he heft he remain suitcase and begin to run toward the rear of he train . approachin from the other direction , another train leave the city 's '' slow zone '' and begin to pick up speed . as it pass , 47 leap across the distance between the two , iand deftly on the other train 's roof . ext . roof — bullet train # 2 ~- night he now must run in the opposite direction to keep from skip off like a stone . the rear of the train quickly approach . at the end of the last car , 47 slide off the edge , onto the platform below , bang into the railing . he barely hold on to be remain suitcase which go over the rail , handle extend . he stand there a moment , the other train disappear in the distance . he withdraw the bev-nap , examine he calculation . he shake he head . he may have be a little off . 28 . 47 straighten he tie , open the rear compartment and casually stride inside . ext . ST . petersburg train station ~ dawn the bullet train slide slowly toward the station . we crane up , high angle and pan toward the city 's center . ext . groznyy — day high angle . Soviet tank traverse rubble - strewn street in the canyon of blacken , half - collapse mid-rise . we hear the steady pop of automatic gun -fire . superimpose title card : groznyy , capital of chechnya , russia we move down . a sniper , in urban camouflage , lay prone on a low building , stare through the scope of a nasty silence sniper | rifle . '' his face be hide by a mil-spec camouflage ski mask with two eyehole and a mouth . ext . square ~- one mile away - day a rebel soldier run quickly across a bomb out square . a bullet tear through he hip , spin he down . back on the sniper he stare through the scope , watch im assively as the man bleed . the man cry for help , try to drag he body to cover . ext . square - one mile away - day another rebel run to the fall man . he slide to the ground , grab the man by the shoulder and begin pull he to safety . insert cu - sniper 's finger on the trigger . tighten . the second rebel 's head explode . the injure soldier scream as the now dead man drop on he . back on the sniper who pull the trigger again . he then turn , and with a piece of chalk add two hash mark to the several dozen already on the wall . he glance down . below , another camouflage and mask soldier , hold a sit - phone move through the compound . this man belong to the most elite of the Russian special force , spetsgruppa vympel . believe to be dismantle under Gorbachev due to they legendary cruelty and predilection for blood - let , the vympel 's be in fact simply reorganize . a military sledgehammer for the new kgb . the other vympel walk toward the remnant of a old apartment building . int . old apartment build - day another man , e4 , sit in the darken room surround by several Russian soldier . he be hold a orange , and also wear the vympel 's signature ski-mask . 29 . b4 ( Russian , subtitle ) where be you terrorist brother , now ? e4 's ice clear eye glance up at the man sit across from he . the man , a chechen rebel , dry blood around he mouth , stare at he with contempt . e4 nod . e4 ( cont'd be you right or leave hand ? the man do not speak . e4 stare at he a moment , then try to control the cruel smile tug at he lip . suddenly , he throw he orange at the man . the man instinctively catch it with he right hand . e4 swiftly lift he silence makarov and shoot through the orange . pffft . the round tear through the orange and the man 's hand . the man struggle not to scream . the door open and the other vympel step in from the light . he lift the sit phone to e4 . e4 stand and turn to the soldier . e4 ( cont 'd ) cut off that hand with the torch . if he do not talk , remove he foot . russian soldier and if he still do not ? __e4 bring he wife and daughter . crucify they . ext . old apartment build - day e4 take the phone , walk across the compound . b4 Da ? he listen intently for a moment , move by a dump -truck . e4 ( cont ’d ) . I understand . how many man do you require ? he look into the dump-truck . it be fill with dozen of rebel body . this man have be busy . he click off . e4 turn to the man beside he . e4 ( cont 'd ) : Moscow have request a man for a special assignment . e4 point at the sniper on top of the low building . 30 . . e4 ( conrd ) send he . a bird be in route . ( turn ) and burn this body . dissolve to : ext . STREET corner ~- ST . petersburg ~ day we be in the heart of the city 's financial district . tall . building loom around we . Business people scurry to wherever it be they be suppose to be . we push through they . to a girl , stand on the corner . her name be ekaterina sytrovski , but go by the familiarize nika . just this side of eighteen , she long blonde hair be dyed bright pink at the tip . she have the tattoo of a tiny dragon on she le cheekbone , about the size of a dime , and she lip be pierce . ft none of this detract from she beauty . she be stun . and she do not look like a common prostitute , wear one of that expensive designer work - out suit , this one in pink , with the i950 on the ass . nor do she look particularly frighten . more like annoyed . angle on 47 , who move calmly toward she , nonchalantly reach into he coat . inside he coat be he stainless .45 , silencer attach . back on the girl , who look up and down the street . a suite man check she out as he pass . she lift she middle finger at he , with a smile . the man move on . 47 take this in as he approach , thumbing off the .45 's safety . she must feel he come because she turn and glance at he . they lock eye , but oddiy , she do not run . in fact , she be not apprehensive at all . she just look at he , quizzically . she do not recognize he . no clue who he be . quickly realize something be wrong , 47 rapidly step right . whoosh ! a silence sniper round miss he by inch . bear . through the air where he head should be . fwack ! , the bullet hit a bystander . the crowd break into a panic as a moment later we hear the report of the rifle . but 47 be already go . ext . far down the STREET ~ day 47 ease from a alley several hundred meter down the street , hand still on that .45 . his eye scan the scene . calculate . he begin to push through the employee of a electronics store , who be stand on sidéwalk like hungry vulture . and then 47 freeze . see something . he move toward the glass front of the electronics store . we push in . Inside , television of every sort be set up for display . and on they , be none other than mikhail belicoff , he head bandage . 31 . int . electronics store ~ day 47 push he way inside . he stare at the broadcast . on the screen , belicoff stands_in front of a crowd of frenzied supporter . a CNN banner scroll underneath : '' break News ! '' belicoff the West ... so afraid of my message that cowardly violence be they response . if they want a martyr , so be it . a thousand assassin will not silence my voice if it be echoed by yous my countryman . I for one will not let they cowardice deter I . will you ? or will you raise you voice and be hear ?!? the crowd begin chant he name . belicoff smile . CNN corespondent that be the scene outside a St. Petersburg hospital just moment ago ... int . black mercede ~ down the STREET -— day through the windshield we see 47 move quickly out and hurry down * the street , through the crowd . we pan to a man in the back , take picture with a telephoto camera , cable to a laptop . man with camera { in Russian , subtitle . ) stay with he . . driver where sir ? the man quickly look up . the target have simply disappear . , man with camera ( sigh ) . . . blanket every hotel in the city with that hote . call the liteynyi . inform they he elimination fail ... and the target be lose . we have underestimate he . int . gulfstream g-4 ( moving ) - day Mike pace through the plane , on he cell . there be several more member add to he team besides Jenkins and Clarkson . mike I can not be sure . he never work again so quickly , but the Russians say belicoff be raze by a single bullet from over 4 . kilometer away . it definitely sound like im ... ( beat ) . yessir ... we will be on the ground in less than a hour . I will keep you inform . he click off . Clarkson look at he . 32 . . clarkson . do not it bother you that he miss ? mike everyone have a bad day . Clarkson just look at he . Mike nod . mike ( cont ’d ) yeah , I know ... jenkins you need to see this . hey move to the back of the plane , where Jenkins be watch the footage from the assassination attempt on a large flat screen . . jenkins ( cont ’d ) watch this . whataya see boss ? he start the footage again . we see belicoff_talk to the reporter , shield by he bodyguard . suddenly it look as though the’ guard jump away . mike he shoot the bodyguard to get a clean shot at belicoff . . jenkins right . he back it up and shuttle forward in slow motion . we see the kinetic energy of the round impact the bodyguard , almost tear he in half . '' doubled over he just drop to the side . clarkson Nice shot . jenkins . yeah , he split this two civilian here by a couple of inch . keep watch . normal speed . belicoff respond to the reporter , who hold up she bloody hand , and then turn . just then , a blurry bystander move into rame so we can not see belicoff take the bullet . he just top . clarkson for Christ 's sake ... mike back it up , again . interpol aide we have a fax . Mike and Jenkins re-watch the footage . Clarkson move to the fore of the plane . INS you see that ? 33 . Mike nod as Jenkins pause the footage . mike awful lot of arterial spray for a miss . Jenkins grin , nodd . Mike replay it . Clarkson walk over , fax in hand , nudge Jenkins , who read it . . jenkins . Sir ... you need to see this . Mike reach over for it , without take he eye off the screen . he see the look on he mens 's face . Mike look at the fax . then read it again . he look at they . mike can this be right ? Clarkson and Jenkins both shrug . Mike fall back in the seat . he sit there a moment , wheel turn . then ... mike ( cont 'd ) contact the fsb in St. Petersburg . tell they we have jurisdiction . no one move until we get there . no one . they just keep he under surveillance . ( to the pilot ) and get this thing on the fuck ground ! int . swanky HOTEL suite ~ day another hotel suite , this one with a more modernist twist but just as nice . set up as before . Little device on the door , rope on the balcony rail , laptop on the desk . 47 stare at the blink white cursor , then ... agent 47 you set I up . his word be transformed into type . a moment pass . diana ( text ) I do not understand . be the target not at the location ? agent 47 the girl be there . but she be no witness . she would never see I before . and then a operative try to kill I . a sniper . one of you sniper ... diana please wait . agent 47 be belicoff alive ? 34 . diana yes . that be unfortunate . we will be unable to transmit payment for the task as the job be not complete -- ; agent 47 -- belicoff be not alive , it 's not possible . he take a direct hit through the nasal cavity . I watch it myself . who the hell be that on tv ? blink , blink . diana X do not understand . agent 47 be there a paper on I ? blink , blink . agent 47 ( cont ‘d ) angwer I ! be there a open contract on I diana we have no contract on you . agent 47 you have better be_sure . because if you be lie , whatever else happen I will find you , and I will burn that building to the ground around you . blink , blink . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) who be the client ? __ diana ; . I can not give you that information . agent 47 who be the client ? a long moment pass as the cursor blink . suddenly , he hotel phone ring . startle , 47 swing the .45 around , aim at the phone . he stare as it ring again . he lay the .45 on the desk and move to it . it continue to ring . 47 hesitates , then lift the receiver . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) hello . a strong , but sexy , british female be on the other end . ; diana it be diana . this be a very odd moment for both of they . 35 . agent 47 how do you know where to contact I ? diana I could be retire for break protocol and contact you directly . but I have a certain fondness for you , 47 . you location have be compromise ... eat the cliest ihe client be belicoff -- -- he do not have time to process this information . from the ether side of the door , 47 hear a faint crunching sound . insert - ecu of a tactical boot-heel , crunching on the tiny bead . 47 drop the phone and sprint toward the balcony , just as the hinge be blown off the hotel room door . the door sag inward , pull the wire on the little device attach to it . which explode . int . hallway - day '' the shape charge of the fist-size device blow large ball - _ . bearing into the first three man of the Russian swat team line ' in the hallway . the steel shot tear through they vest , drop they . ext . balcony ~ day without hesitation 47 leap over the balcony , grab the rope tie to the railing , and swing to the balcony below . int . swanky HOTEL room -— day the Russian swat team storm into the room , weapon up . int . swanky room below ~ same time 47 kick through the balcony door to the room below as a business man ges at it with a Russian prostitute . the prostitute scream but 47 run out the door . int . hallway below — day 47 run down the hall , slide to a stop at the ice machine . he slam it open , dig down . in the back of the ice bin , come up with the 2 stashed stainless .45 's 's in a Ziplock with a silencer , four extra clip and a strange flat , metal rod . he tear the Ziplock away , pocket the clip and silencer , then sprint toward the elevator . elevator bank — day 47 jam one of the .45 's in he waistband , take the metallic rod and slip it into the crack between the elevator door , pry they open . 36 . he then smashes the fire -alarm , pull the lever and jump onto the elevator cable . int . swanky HOTEL suite - same time the Russian team leader speak into he throat mike . team leader he have go to the floor below . team 2 and 3 , do you read -~ -~ the fire alarm screech across the room . . team leader ( cont ‘d ) say again ... int . elevator - day five swat member ride up in the elevator . suddenly it stop , and begin move down . they look at each other . . russian swat guy Sir , we be reversing direction ... int . swanky HOTEL suite - day tram leader the fire alarm . the elevator be . program to move to the ground floor in case of a fire . the man all sigh , exasperate . team leader ( cont 'd ) team two , what be you location ? int . hallway below - day team # 2 guy Lt. , there 's no sign of he here . it 's possible he have go into the elevator shaft . int . swanky HOTEL suite ~ day team leader do you read , team 3 ? int . elevator ( descending ) -— day . russian swat guy Sir , repeat that . as the man glance around , we pull back to reveal the barrel of a stainless .45 inch from the split between he helmet and vest . team leader ( 0.8 . ) ( over radio ) . i_repeat , he may have go into the elevator shaft . we tilt up . 47 be the one aim down from the access hatch . 37 . bam ! 47 shoot he , acquire the man next to he . bam ! he then open fire with both . 45 's , the soft spot in they armor easy target at this range . 47 drop onto the floor , still fire , now shoot up with both weapon at the other two man . ' they crumple . 47 glance up . the elevator be pass the fifth floor . he grab one of the man 's glock , sling a assault rifle , clip for both and go back up . int . elevator shaft - day 47 stand on the elevator as it reach the third floor . he grab the floor as the elevator continue descend , then jam the metallic object into_the split between the door , pry this | open as well . he pull himself up , glance around , weapon move . int . hall - third floor - day 47 run toward the end of the hallway . the stairwell door open and 47 slow , lift the weapon . a terrify may drop she clean supplies . maid 's Pov ~ all she can see be .45 , the weapon hold up , obscure '' 47 's face . 47 ( in Russian ) down . get down ! reverse of the may , freeze with fear . she mumble . 47 push she to the ground . her eye close . he turn the corner and keep go . at the last room on the leave he kick the door open , run in . empty HOTEL room - day he run through the room to the balcony . ext . balcony - day never stop he go over the rail . aerial shot as 47 drop the fifty foot into the freezing river below . we hear helicopter circle . int . empty room — day the swat team rush in , to the balcony . but 47 be go . fuck ! team leader uc k fade to black . int . swanky HOTEL suite - later Mike and he boy stand in the room , the swat leader and a St. Petersburg militsiya ( Police ) Captain stand in front of he . Forensic specialist go over the place . Mike be piss . 38 . clarkson what a bloody fuck mess . the swat leader start to say something but Mike 's look cut he off . mike you be not to engage the suspect , only observe . team leader , . we be observe , sir . we have information the suspect would attempt to flee . clarkson attempt to flee ? . team leader yes , sir . : mike where be the suspect , now ? team leader he fle , sir . militsiya captain we have order ... mike on who 's authority ? militsiya captain the fsb . , clarkson Jesus fuck , tap -dance Christ ! the militsiya Captain seem as unhappy about this as Mike . Mike nod . jenkins wait , do not touch that ! one of the forensic guy hover over the laptop 's keyboard touch the mouse . we hear a high pitch whine . the screen blank . a prom t state , '' the hard - drive have be permanently erase . '' then blink out . jenkins ( cont 'd ) where would you get you be fuck license , a fruit loops box ? russian forensic fruit loop ... jenkins the hard - drive be key code . you just burn we only lead . mike that 's it everyone out ! now ! out! 39 . slowly the room clear . only we three boy be leave . , mike ( cont ‘d ) give I a minute will ya ? Clarkson clap Mike on the back as they leave the room . Mike , alone , slowly look around . all of 47 's stuff . his whole life . maybe it be not a complete loss . he sigh . ext . emporio armani - night 47 , still drip , walk into the store . his coat under he arm , wrap around the appropriate assault rifle and weapon . the four salesman cluster around stare at he , nose wrinkle . agent 47 . I need a suit . and I need it tailore before I leave . salesman # 1 . I be sorry , sir , we have a three week wait for all tailore . ; agent 47 then find a seamstress . 47 hold up a wad of wet , but very large euros . swishy salesman of course sir , right this way . May I take you coat ? 47 just look at he . , swishy salesman ( cont 'd ) alright then , right this way . espresso ? int . swanky HOTEL suite - same time Mike walk through the suite , look . he stare at 47 's stainless .45 , hefting it . he then move to the suitcase . we intercut between the two scene . 47 look at the salesman who have a armful of suit , hold they out one by one . pinstripe , grey , blue ... agent 47 Black . . swishy salesman might I suggest a man of you frame -- agent 47 ~- Black . swishy salesman alright then . cur to : 40 . Mike open the suitcase . Inside be all manner of killin equipment . he pull out a pack of syringe . and a small leather case . Inside be several nasty look ampule . cuUT to : 47 stand , be fitte for the suit . a seamstress pin the cuit '' gowishy salesman hold out a selection of tie . 47 shake be head . swishy salesman ( cont ’d ) let I guess . you would like a red one . curt to : Mike continue to go through 47 's stuff . look , think , try to understand he adversary . CUT to : 47 sit on a chair wait . a new suitcase stuff at he foot . swishy salesman bring he a espresso . agent 47 how would you like to make a couple of thousand dollar ? U.S. , swishy salesman grin ) i_get off in a hour . there 's a great new clu 47 's look shut he down . _ agent 47 I need to find a girl . swishy salesman oh. well ... unfortunately that 's not really my department . agent 47 someone specific . blond , pink streak hair . sexy . small dragon tattoo on she cheek bone . she have expensive taste . you have friend , call around the other shop . I all make it ten thousand if you find she in the next two hour . I just need a name . swishy salesman _ . ten thousand ?!? you be not go to kill she be you ? __ agent 47 do I look like the kind of guy who would kill someone ? swishy salesman of course not , darling . but for ten thousand dollar , what do I care ? 4l . int . swanky HOTEL suite - night Mike sit at the desk think . someone knock at the door . Mike open it . Jenkins stand there . jenkins ; . someone would like a word with you , sir . the fsb . in the hallway three man wait , calmly . they look like 50 's era Soviet kgb guy , just in nicer suit . the biggest one , chief agent yuri marklov smile at Mike , like he have all the time in the world . Mike sigh . mike Jenkins , scrounge I up some cigarettes will you ? jenkins you wife be not go to be happy , sir . Mike smile at Jenkins and move toward yuri . mike ; I be Captain detective Mike whittier , interpol . yuri yes Michael , i_am aware who you be . | perhaps we would be more comfortable in the Hotel 's cafe . they have excellent blow Fish this time of year . or vodka if that be more you taste Mike nod , smile . he look back at Jenkins . ; mike hurry with that , would you ? int . internet coffee shop - night 47 sit in the back , at_a terminal , wear a new suit and a new fur-line , black , full - length coat . he be read all the article on belicoff . '' belicoff hard-line stance - anti american ? '' '' mikhail belicoff gain support with Russia 's work class . '' '' belicoff soften he hard-line View ? '' then another about he crazy | brother . '' udre belicoff arrest for murder in minsk . political trouble for he older brother ? '' with he other hand , he be draw on a tear out magazine ad with a red pen . the ad be a cu of a beautiful model . with the pen he have transformed the picture into a damn good likeness of the girl , nika . it seem as if he be do both thing simultaneously . 47 log onto a Forum . w.0.0.f. - woman outrage over fur. a message box open . '' account terminate due to technical problem . do not attempt to reconnect ! '' then , '' you be on you own , 47 . '' he stare at the screen . he then log onto a secure mail server . aye a email address , then : '' need to call in a favor . urgent . will come to you . 47 . " Hit send . 42 . he glance over at the picture he 's be work on . but look up as swishy salesman and another similarly dress young man enter the cafe , move to he . swishy salesman . this be Joseph , he work at the Christian louboutin boutique . they sell very expensive shoe . 47 look at he . swishy salesman ( cont 'd ) right . well he know the girl . young man she come in occasionally and busy out the shop . agent 47 this she ? show he the picture he 's be work on . swishy salesman that 's pretty good . it be a pretty good resemblance . Young man nod . agent 47 you have a name ? swishy salesman better . he have she address . young man where we deliver she merchandise . 47 's phone beep . text message . he look at it . it read . '' tomorrow , 10 pm . belgrade . kinky Cafe . do not be late . '' swishy salesman do I make the deadline ? agent 47 Close enough . . ( hand he a wad of cash ) give I you shade . even though it be night , swishy be wear this cool black shade . swishy do not even think about it , just hand they to agent 47 ( cont ’d ) . where can I buy some flower ? expensive . swishy start to tell he , then stop . swishy salesman one more thing , friend to friend . you should be careful with she . agent 47 look at they . swishy nudge the other guy . 43 . . young man it 's just ... well , she do not buy she thing . it 's she boyfriend . and he 's connect , Maria ? agent 47 alia ? young _man . no , far worse . political . his name be mikhail belicoff . we push into a cu of 47 . int . cafe 's - swanky HOTEL - night to call this place a cafe be someone 's idea of humor . it 's like call the burj Dubai a building . yuri sit slurping down oyster . he pour Mike another shot of $ 300 dollar a bottle vodka . mike you be expense account must be larger than mine . '' yuri smile . yuri the assassin you be look for . my associate tell I you believe he to be freelance ? mike I know he be . if you follow the pattern of kill across Europe , the only pattern be there be no pattern . except the efficiency of the work . yuri so , you do not believe he be connect with the erican Central Intelligence Agency ? mike no . there be nothing to suggest that . why do you ask ? yuri / no reason , it just seem to be a bit naive . mike ( smile ) you think so . yuri please , I be not try to offend you . you be a very capable police officer . but that be what you be . a cop . a rock be toss through a window , you look for the perpetrator . you try to reason a motive . however be pay to look under that rock . ( more ) 44 , yuri ( cont 'd ) to determine , what chain of event would be trigger by it break that window , and who would ultimately benefit , globally . mike what be you suggest ? yuri merely that , you be a very good syshchik ... detective . be not it odd that after three year , you have be unable to even put a face with you assassin , beyond a vague description ? internally you even refer to this man as a ghost . Mike look at he . _ yuri ( cont ’d ) perhaps it be not a single man you be look for . but a well finance intelligence organization work for a singular cause . the CIA for example . mike the CIA no longer have that kind of power . yuri and the kgb no longer exist . yet here I sit . Mike think a moment . yuri smile , _. ,. mike well , it be a theory . yuri yes . a theory . but a theory share by Moscow . in accordance with article 1764.3 of the EU Charter , any state matter which deal directly with intelligence shall be the sole jurisdiction of the host country . mike abh , and the light bulb come on . take I a minute . must be the jet-lag . ( beat ) you be tell we to leave . yuri no , of course not . you be a good man , Michael , enjoy the sight of Russia . but leave the intelligencé work , and this assassin , to the fsb . mike who inform you of the whereabouts of my guy ? slurping down another oyster . Mike nod . mike ( cont 'd ) okay , here 's a easy one . who be belicoff ? 45 . yuri I be sorry ? he toss yuri a picture . it be a hard copy of the frame from the shoot . mike two thing be wrong with that picture . one , that footage have be tampere with . someone insert that civilian to cover up what actually happen . what be it you be try to cover up ? yuri ( pour a vodka ) and the second thing ? mike my boy do not miss . yuri , gstam the shot ) | as I say , you be a very good policeman Michael . try the oyster . they be lovely . yuri rise to leave . mike be the fsb try to cover - up some sick pr stunt to stir up support and raise belicoff in the poll ? see the speech . be that why you be try to get rid of we ? you do not want we to find the sniper ? yuri grin , put on he coat . yuri well , the fail assassination have . definitery siyvate belicoff politically . ea I be try to protect you , Michael . Mike look at the two other Russian fsb agent who resemble gestapo , loung at the periphery . mike be that_a threat ? be the fsb threaten a senior interpol detective ? yuri ( chuckle ) . please thank interpol for such a fine , if expensive , meal . | id enjoy the vodka , you pay enough for it . he motion to he man who follow he out . Jenkins walk over and give Mike the pack of cigarettes . Mike open it . light one . he glance at the untouched feast as Jenkins turn to leave . 46 . mike Jenkins . tell Clarkson to get down here . wo reason for this expensive dinner to go to waste . you enjoy it . Mike walk away . int . bad ass apartment build - night one month 's rent_on this place would cost most Russians a entire life 's salary . a bald homeless guy stare in at the warmth . the guy behind the front desk look up -._ in front of he stand 47 , wear shade and a heavy jacket with the hood pull up . in he hand be a huge vase with about 4 dozen blue rose . desk guy May I help you ? agent 47 Ms. sytrovski . I have a delivery . _ desk guy . just leave it with I . I will sign . agent 47 no , I need to deliver they personally . for she boyfriend . desk guy that be impossible . 47 show he a wad of cash . desk guy ( cont ’d despite what most of the world think of Russians . some of we be above petty bribe . agent 47 that 's two grand . desk guy yessir , she 's in the penthouse . allow I to key the elevator for you . int . penthouse - night lavish . the doorbell chime , nika move toward the door . she be dress in a nothing of a dress , 4 - inch heel , and make up like she 's get ready to go out . or stay in . nika ( Russian , subtitle ) yes , I hear you ? what ? she look through the peephole . her Pov - we see the huge bouquet of blue rose . nika ( cont ’d ) you be suppose to leave that at the desk . 47 . agent 47 ( 0.s. ) Mr. belicoff send they . she think about it and sigh . int . hallway ~ night 47 stand to one side of the door , rose hold in front of the peephole with one hand , silence .45 in the other . we hear the door unlatch . slowly it open . in a single motion , 47 drop the vase and quickly reach through the open , yanking nika out by the throat . he pull she over , place the silencer against she eye . agent 47 ( quietly ) who else be inside ? she can not speak , she air cut off by he vise - like grip . eye wide with fear she just shake she head . 47 glance around the jam and survey the room . satisfied , he relax he grip , slightly . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) you be come with I . make a sound , I will end you life . understand ? no second chance . nika afraid ) I can not leave . agent 47 then I x11 shoot you in the knee - cap and drag you out . nika I need a coat . int . lobby - moment later 47 push nika in front of he toward the door . the desk guy smile at they . desk guy good night , sir , and madame . ( Quick beat ) oh , miss nika , do you enjoy the flower ? nika they be fuck lovely , you prick . the desk guy be confuse . ext . lavish apartment build - night 47 push nika around to the alley where a big black maybach 57s wait . he pop the trunk . the bald homeless guy watch they . 48 . nika where be you take I ? ( realization hit ) . I know you . from the street . earlier today . you kill that man . / agent 47 get in . she look at he . he look at the open trunk . nika oo , fuck youl I be not get in there . . agent _ 47 . bleed or not . either way , you go in . nika ( climb inside ) you be a fuck asshole . my boyfriend will have you castr -- ~~ 47 shut the trunk and move to the driver seat . we hear she muffle scream . nika ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's a dead man in here ...! he crank the car and haul ass away . the tail - light disappear into the snowy , dark street . int . swanky HOTEL suite - same time Mike sit on the bed , smoking . his cell ring , he look at it and put out he cigarette . mike hey babe . you be up late . int . kitchen ~ suburban house — morning wife . it 's early , sweetheart . how be thing ? we intercut between they ... mike shitty . how ' bout you ? wife fat , cranky . horny . mike that 's how you get fat , honey . wife then we do not have anything to worry about ... do you just call I fat ? mike ( smile ) I love you , honey . 49 , wife i_love you too , and I miss you . it 's almost Christmas . I be gonna have to put a add in the eeper for a surrogate husband ... ( beat ° Michael . have you be smoking ? mike how do you do that ? wife ; , I be amom . I have esp . quit smoking . we hear a key slide into the lock . Mike pull he h&k . mike I love you . gotta go . wife seme home ! and try to keep from get shot -- ~~ he hang up as the door open . he lift the weapon . it be four fsb thug with chop - down akm . fsb thug . you be require to leave this area immediately , pursuant to european law and that of the Russian federation ... Sir . int . hallway ~ night Mike watch as two workmen fit pad-lock to the door , while one gf the thug stretch yellow sticky tape across it . the rest eye e . clarkson what the hell be go on ? mike we be be boot . jenkins this be become a habit . fsb thug you cooperation will be note . int . another seedy motel - night nika sit in a chair in the middle of the room , roughly four foot away from the bed where 47 sit . even in the gloom , she be magnificent . and obviously terrify . tries to remain calm . nika be you go to kill I ? agent 47 ( thinks a beat ) probably . 50 . wnika when my boyfriend find out what you have do , he will find you , and do thing you can not even imagine . ( Long silence ) if you nre go to kill I anyway , why should I do anything you ask ? agent 47 because if you do not , I will hurt you . wika you be not the first man to hurt I . agent 47 no ... but I will be the last . nika ( resigns herself ) would you mind if I smoke before you start ? he watch she as she take a pack of cigarettes out of she jacket , light one . then notice he confusion . nika ( cont 'd ) ( exhaling smoke ) before you rape I . _ agent 47 I be not go to rape you . nika then ... why do you kidnap I ? agent 47 I want to ask you some question . nika there 's no need to hurt I . I x11 tell you whatever you want to know . agent 47 . let 's start with a easy one . why do you do that to you face ? nika that 's none of you business . ask I something else . he place the tip of the silence .45 against she perfect knee . she clenches she tooth , defiant . agent 47 that one 's free . you be a prostitute ? nika no. I be a whore . . agent 47 pretty high class for a whore . 51 . nika gild cage ... as they say . agent 47 before today , on the street , have you ever see I before ? she shake she head , no . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) why be you there ? nika my boyfriend . he tell I to meet he driver on that corner . at that exact time . agent 47 belicoff ? she be beginning to realize this be not some simple kidnap . nika you know he ? agent 47 better than he know himself . Men like belicoff do not have girlfriend . they have oy . nika . okay . I be he a cum receptacle . but it beat the alternative . agent 47 how be it after take a bullet in the head yesterday , he be able to give a speech oday she shrug , not know what to say . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) then you be of no use to I . he lift he .45 . she think quickly . nika wait ...! there be something ... if mischa ... mikhail find out for T tell you , he will have I dismember . _ agent 47 my guess be he already know . the camera in the lebby of you apartment . now she really be frighten . desperate . she be out of option . nika mischa ... mikhail be sick . raskolnik . divide mentally . 47 smile at she , not believe . 52 . . agent 47 multiple personality ...? nika it 's true . why would I lie ? 47 can think of about a thousand reason . 47 smile . agent 47 why do you think that ? nika because I be a woman . thing . pet~ -name . personality trait . one of they , who I call mischa , be a_ sadist . he like to hurt I . get he off . take I a while to figure it out . I have just fuck whichever one show up . they take I shopping , we go to dinner , whatever . to excite the paparazzi . but T have not see mischa in month . just mikhail ... who be actually very sweet ... thing be start to make sense . what ? nika ( cont ' D ) at ? agent 47 . belicoff hire I to kill he . then he use you to set I up to kill I . but you be hever mean to survive we meeting . nika I do not believe you . why would he do that ? agent 47 because ... he then shake he head , do not matter . she shrug . agent 47 ( cont ‘d ) tell I about udre belicoff . nika mikhail 's brother ? I do not know ... ( she look at 47 ) . . mikhail and udre do not speak much . mikhail call he mudak . a fuck -up . have he exile . he run slave girl , drug , weapon . anything to keep up he lifestyle since mikhail cut he off , udre 's completely paranoid , convinced that both the CIA and the fsb want he dead . he 's a drug addict and a psychopath . agent 47 that 's it ? she 's tell he all she know . nika now what ? 53. e@ they look at each other for a long beat . then 47 get up and walk behind she . she sigh . she know . _ — _ nika ( cont 'd ) this be a nice enough place I suppose ... agent 47 the honeymoon suite . ( then gently , but serious ) Close you eye . she do . he lift the silence .45 to the back of she head . a single mascara stain tear roll down she face . 47 look at himself in the large mirror on the wall above the bed . her in front of he , eye close , tooth clench . wait for the bullet . which do not come . agent 47 ( cont ‘d ) get up . nika ( confused you change you mind about raping I ? _ agent 47 you be come with I . nika no ... ica not . he will ... @ agent 47 you other choice be the morgue . the dead man in the trunk , you driver , be carry this . 47 pull out a small , silence Russian handgun . _. agent 47 ( cont 'd ) | a .22 caliber makarov , with a integral silencer . use to be a favore weapon with the kgb . not much use for protection , but exceptionally good for kill , especially if you aim for the soft spot , like you eye . you driver be go to use it on you . nika ( stare at he ) why be you help I ? agent 47 you nre my only connection to belicoff . and because I need to get out of St. Petersburg and every oop in the city be look for I right now . ut they be not look for we . ext . balcony ~ dawn Mike stand on the balcony , smoking . watch as dawn creep up e@ over the city . suddenly realization hit he . 54 . mike shit ...! he run into he room , grab he cell . dial . . mike ( cont 'd ) ; get Jenkins . he 's leave the city . int . bedroom ~ middle CLASS flat - early the militsiya Captain , asleep with he wife , roll over . he put on he glass , look at the clock . someone bang on he door . int , middle CLASS flat - moment later he open the door . outside stand Mike and he two man . mike I need to talk to you . stand behind the Captain be he wife . militsiya captain 's wife I will make coffee . int . kitchen ~- middle CLASS flat ~ early Mike , drink he coffee , unfold a map of the city . mike put roadblock here , here and here . we need man at both airport . but my guess , he ' 1ll try and leave by train . militsiya captain wait . you be ask I to blatantly undermine the fsb . this be not England . at_best I will lose my position , at worst I 'il end up in siberia . mike I dunno . if it be I , I no want to catch the man that kill my officer . I be sure they family would want that . militsiya captain | , how do you know he 's even leave the city ? mike because I know . ext . side STREET ~- morning the maybach be park on the street , the bulk of the St. Pete train Station doom overhead . to one side a scruffy vender sell chinese knockoff camera , as 47 tap on the glass . int . maybach — morning of ts of nika who sit in the driver seat . 47 look at she . 55 . agent 47 do not move until I tell you . he hand she a fifth of vodka then move away from the car as the window roll up . int . mezzanine - ST . petersburg rail station — later high angle beneath the huge dome , below the open expanse of the ancient station , ass - pack with traveller . Mike stand off to one side , search . mike ( into he radio ) Jenkins ? anything ? int . office - ST . petersburg rail station ~ day scan a bank of monitor , Jenkins pick up he radio . jenkins nothing . back on mike mike stay sharp . ( beat ) Clarkson ? glarkson stand by the entrance , surveying the scene from ground evel . clarkson not a peep , gov‘nor . mike what 's with the clown ? in the middle , a clown hand out helium balloon . clarkson | dunno , it 's a clown sir . you want I to get rid of he ? mike no. how be the Russians ? Russian militsioner ( Police officer ) , look more like soldier than cop with they uniform and automatic weapon , be spread throughout the room and check id at the door . clarkson they be Russian . you know , gov'nor , this chap be not exactly subtle . he ’1ll know we be here . mike he already know . dissolve to : 56 . int . mezzanine - ST . petersburg rail station - a hour later mike c’mon , c'mon . where be you ? militsiya Captain walk up to he , look at Mike . mike ( cont ’d ) he will be here . militsiya captain I hope so , Inspector . for both we sake . Mike sigh . something be not right . mike clarky . get rid of that fuck clown . clarkson with pleasure . Mike watch as Clarkson move to the clown , have to push through a group of provodnik , Russian train conductor , in long , yellow slicker and fur hat , walk toward they train . angle on_ clarkson , walk up to the clown , the dude be wear a rubber clown mask , which be particularly hideous even for a clown . ( rie clarkson {cont '' D ) flippin be badge beat it . now ! 9 the clown , not want any trouble , hold uy , he hand , let the balloon go . they drift toward the ceiling . clarkson ( cont 'd ) the other way . outside . the clown nod , move in the direction of Clarkson 's finger . back on mike as he look around . train passenger move at he from every direction . he push through they . mike he 's here , I can feel it . I be come down . ( see something ) | . Jenkins , check out that guy in the jacket . near the stair . the man be wear a fur coat with the hood pull up . his face invisible . he be with a_woman push a stroller . the woman stop to fix she heel . it be nika . mike ( cont ’d ) you clever bastard ... . jenkins ( 0.8 . ) Sir , what be that clown do ? Mike look . the clown be make a bee-line for the man in the coat . the woman stop to ask a militsioner direction . 57 . mike Clarkson ! the clown ! Clarkson move , but be too far from the coat man , or the clown . angle on the militsioner , look at the schedule nika be hold . nika do this train go to vladivostok ? she turn , just as the clown stride up to they . the clown reach out and spin the man in the jacket to face he . we push quickly across the terminal , past a food vender slice cook meat with a butcher knife , to ... 47 stand by a column . he be wear the heavy yellow slicker and fur hat of a provodnik . he casual . '' turn , he hand inside he jacket , to position the small raise dimple beneath he other arm . '' the only evidence of the silencer press against it . back on the clown . confusion in the clown 's eye as the man double over , drop to the ground . angle on mike , who break into a run . mike that fuck clown ! cU - clown , very confuse . he do not shoot he . we pan to ... nika ( scream , point ) he 's get a gun ! you kill he ! the militsioner next to she look at the clown . there be indeed a fun in the clown ' 's hand , silence , but un - fire . the militsioner ift he weapon as the clown shoot he . angle on mike , now on the ground level . Mike raise he weapon , but due to the crowd in full panic , he can not get a shot . mike stop he ! wide angle as the clown move the gun to shoot nika , but instead fire at the more immediate threat . two Russian cop . he turn as they fall , and he run . angle on 47 , who lower the weapon inside he coat . he watch the clown a moment then look at the station map in he hand . 47 move quickly between the column , past the food vendor ducking behind he cart , the knife forget on the cut board . the clown sprint across the terminal , shoot another | militsioner . he duck into a side passage . Automatic fire from the cop drop several of the passenger . angle on mike , who run to the fall , coat man . he turn he over . Clarkson at he side . 58 . the man in the coat be the beggar from outside nika 's apartment Building , re-dress all in armani , and babbling in Russian . a stupid , and quite drunk , grin on he face . Mike sigh , drop he , and look up . . mike ( cont ’d ) . . all_ unit pursue the target . he be wear a clown mask -- just then yuri appear , militsiya Captain in tow . yuri disregard that order . all unit stand down . this be fsb Chief agent yuri marklov . repeat all unit stand down immediately . mike what be you do ? yuri I believe I explain to you that _your cooperation be no longer need . this be a fsb matter now . fsb thug swarm the train station . Mike see nika disappear through the terminal . mike fuck ...! Jenkins . jenkins get she , boss . Jenkins run after she and past the food vendor , who look up , confuse . the butcher knife be go . int . side passage ~ morning the clown run . a boy point at he . his father , clueless , grab the clown 's arm for a balioon . the clown shoot he , never stop . int . deserted platform - morning the clown jump off the platform and run down the track . he pass the end of a train . pffft , a bullet tear a huge hole through he knee , spin he to the ground , in huge amount of pain he scramble for he weapon , get it . pfffft . another bullet tear through the clown 's bicep , snap the bone . his arm go limp , drop the weapon . 47 step out from behind the train , glance quickly around , then grab the clown by the bad arm and drag he into the empty train car . 59 . int . empty train car ~ morning 7 pull the clown up onto he foot by the throat , pin he agaenae the aluminum wall of car . the clown start to fight . 7 press the silencer against the soft spot between he arm and shoulder . pfffft . the man howl in pain. , place the silencer under the clown 's chin . we see the clown 's eye through the hole in the mask . agent 47 ( quietly ) shhh . sto} ony who hire yo you bo kill I ? be it belicoff ? the clown be silent . 47 think about shoot he again . instead he peel up the mask . the two man look at each other a moment , then the man spit something at he . 47 move , the thing miss he . 47 look at the ground . he realize the man just bit out he own tongue . '' angle on 47 drop the man to the ground . the man smile at he , * blood pour from he mouth , and pull the clown mask back down . 47 stand over he , gun outstretch . suddenly , 47 pull he other .45 and lean out of the train just as nika step out . ext . empty train car - morning agent 47 what be you do ? nika I follow he . agent 47 . you be suppose to wait for I in the car . nika I do not want you to leave I . 7,97 2 mage : return he attention to the clown . he step down sti i hold the other .45 on he . agent 47 wait ... you say you follow he ? she nod , smile , but 47 quickly push she against the exterior wall of the train , and place he finger to she lip . he turn , he back to the metal . '' wait . Jenkins , gun first , come around the train . 47 grab the guny twist it up , and place he .45 in the crook at Jenkins 's elbow . pfffti denkin scream . 60 . 47 , still in motion , yank Jenkins forward , grab he from behind , and wrapping he arm around he neck , .45 to he head . 47 turn as we hear gravel crunch . rear of train Mike crouch toward he , h&k raise , as 47 step out , Jenkins in front of he . 47 's weapon be now on Mike , mike Drop the weapon . Jenkins , go into shock , be a shield . Mike have no shot . mike ( cont 'd ) , now ! you have get nowhere to run . Russian militsiya have the terminal lock - down . nika step next to 47 . he glance at she , he decision already make . nika no ! 47 fire before Mike can react . but nika push 47 's arm down . the round hit Mike in the chest , he own shot go wide as he fall , gasp for air . 47 stare at nika a split second then walk over to Mike , take the h&k . all Mike can do be try to breathe . agent 47 she just save you life . 47 bend down to he , think , stare into Mike 's eye . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) you be the one who 's be tracking I . you be smart . you almost have I . maybe next time . Mike do not understand why 47 do not kill he . but he do not . 47 move back to the clown , who stare at he through the train ' 's open door . 47 be not happy . nika start to say something , but 47 hold up he finger , piss . she decide not speak be a excellent idea . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) take off you coat . nika what ...? agent 47 take off you coat . he turn her_so he can pull off she coat . as she face the other direction , 47 fire three silence shot , up the train step , into the clown 's head . 61 . nika turn to look at he as the shell casing bounce and roll down to she foot . she look at they , confuse . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) let 's go . now ! she hug herself , cold in a outfit more skin than dress . not move . 47 grab she by the hand and yank she along behind he . ext . deserted platform - morning Three fsb thug stand there , look around with silence hk ump 's raise . | 47 , ess in the provodnik uniform , step out drag e girl . fsb thug # 3 stop ! you papers ...! 47 do not run , instead drag the girl directly to they , yell at she in Russian . then ... agent 47 she have no ticket . the three thug now stare at she . she be hot and not wear much . they smile at each other , lowering they weapon . ; agent 47 ( cont 'd ) she try to sneak onto a train . freeloader . fsb thug # 3 we will handle she from here . agent 47 very well . he sling she roughly to they , or’into they actually . fsb thug # 3 easy -- -- but we never hear what else he have to say . 47 have the vender 's butcher knife in he hand and drive it under the chin of fsb Thu # 3 . he step back half a step as he other hand whip out the . 4 long shot as 47 fire two silence shot into the face of each of phe other two , they weapon never even come back up . the three ies fall . angle on the girl ' 's blood splatter face . she scream . . agent 47 be quiet . 47 snatch the blade from the fall man before he even hit the ground . he wipe it on the man 's uniform and holster he weapon . he then take a silence ump , several clip , and wrap they in she coat . he then grab she hand . ; agent 47 ( cont 'd ) wipe you face . 62. without look at she , 47 drag nika to the step , lead down to the metro . nika you kill that militsiya ... agent 47 that man be not cop . they be fsb . and for what purpose do you think they would need suppressor on they weapon ? she think about that as he pull she down the step . nika wait , the train be the other way ! ext . station parking lot - later Mike sit in the back of a ambulance , in pain . a Russian emt examine the nasty black bruise that have appear on he side . mike for God 's sake . yes it hurt . the emt say something in Russian . Mike do not get it . : ort ( 0.8 ) he say , you rib be break . the emt nod , raise two finger . Mike wince as yuri walk over . yuri ( cont ’d ) unlucky ... yuri take out a pack of cigarettes and hand Mike one , lighting it for he . smoke hurt but do not stop he . mike . you seem awfully calm , consider . yuri ( smile , shrug ) I have reason to be calm . you on the other hand , do not . mike calm ? you let he get away . yuri on the contrary . we apprehend you assassin . after he shot you subordinate . and you ... mike the clown ? you know that be not the assassin . why be you cover this up ? yuri as I tell you before , Inspector , this be no longer you affair . now there be two way in which we may proceed . ( more ) 63 . yuri ( cont 'd ) one , my man will accompany you to the hospital . and when you and you , subordinate be able 's to travel , they will escort you to the airport . then , I will write a report extoll interpol for it 's help . there will probably be medal involved . Mike start to say something . but yuri cut he off . yuri ( cont ’d ) or , I can report you incompetence and disregard for my nation 's law to you | superior . this will undoubtedly find its way to the State prosecutor in Moscow . five man be dead today because of you . Russian man . I believe it be calle complicity . mike complicity ? 1? yuri | now , how do you think we should proceed ? Mike look at he . mike go fuck yourself . a moment pass as Mike think about it and slowly grin . yuri you be smile ? mike yeah . Cause the question that you should ask yourself be , if the clown be the assassin , who be he killer ? but more importantly , where be he ? Mike stand up , look around at the building surround they . he smile again at yuri , clap he on the back , and walk painfully to where Clarkson wait . mike ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . we pull back , craning up . ext . rooftop - parking garage - day 47 stand at the edge of the roof , look through the scope of the combat rifle from the hotel . 47's Pov . Far away we see Mike walk away from yuri . angle on 47 who place the lens of the chinese knock - off camera to the scope , press the shutter several time . 47 then turn and walk to the maybach sit off to one side . open the trunk . nika get out as 47 walk to the driver 's door . 64 . nika I be get real fuck tired of be in that trunk . fade to black . aerial shot - gulf of finland a hydrofoil ferry knife a fast , angry trench across the blue baltic water . we push down to ... ext . hydrofoil ferry - day 47 stand on the bow of the hydrofoil , coat whipping in the wind , red tie flutter . we move into a cu of 47 as he stare outward . ext . motor deck ~- hydrofoil ferry - day 47 , coffee and a sandwich in hand , magazine under he arm , walk around to the back of the maybach . from inside someone pound on the trunk . angle on the trunk . open . Inside be nika , piss . she swear non stop in Russian . j@ pull back . 47 smile . nika . you cocksucker . I be run out of oxygen in there . agent 47 do not be dramatic . look around , he help she out . . nika . Dramatic ! I have be in there for hour . agent 47 I bring you breakfast . he move to the front as she stand there , cursing in Russian . int . maybach ~ day 47 sit in the driver seat flipping through the magazine , as nika wolf down the sandwich . nika damn this be good . it probably really be not but I be ’so fuck hungry . I have thank you if I be not so mad at you . agent 47 at least I get rid of the body . nika that 's very clever . they sit for a moment . 65 . agent 47 we have to talk about something . look at I . nika I be . agent 47 look at I . she stop eat and do . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) back there , at the train station . you almost get I kill . I plan , I calculate , then I do not deviate . you be a random equation in my calculation . I can not allow that . ___nika ( sincere ) I '' sorry . agent 47 I be sure you be . ' she now notice the weapon he be hold in he lap . she suddenly become very afraid . _ nika_ | . be you go to kill I ? I swear it will - agent 47 -- stop talk . he look down at the gun in he lap . lift it . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) I have think a lot about it . the entire drive . I know I should . right now . stare at the gun , she unconsciously brace herself against the door . '' not try to run . just wait . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) give I a reason not to . she think about it . after a moment - ~ nika I ... I do not have one . . ( beat , then ) I think a lot about death . my death . I dream about it . I have even try a couple of time . she show he the scar on she wrist . nika ( cont 'd ) they always find I . take I to the hospital . ( more ) 66 . nika ( cont ? ) . God how I pray for death when he punish I for it . but as it turn out , I do not have the constitution for it . | you have think killing myself would not be so hard . agent 47 you make you choice to do what you do . nika { seq smile ) you really do not know ... I be not a whore by choice . belicoff own I . he look at she . nika ( cont 'd ) not metaphorically . he own I . I be mikhail 's property . when I be fourteen soldier come to my village and take I . I lose my virginity of six man in the back of a transport truck . then I be sell into slavery . do not look so surprised . it 's common in Eastern Europe . Russian mafia kidnap lot of young girl every year . or they buy they from théir parent for food . gasoline , extt bullet . do not you watch CNN ? Bea anyway three year ago I be sell to belicoff . would you like to know how much he pay for I ? agent 47 no . nika Three hundred dollar . american . he do not know what to say . / nika ( cont 'd ) so if you nre look to I for a reason not to kill I . I do not really have one . they stare at each other . then ... nika ( cont ’d ) be you ? go to kill I ? agent 47 no . nika hy ? ( beat ) he do not know . nika ( cont 'd ) you do not want to fuck I and you do not want to kill I . I nve never feel so much indifference in my entire life . why ? ( beat ) 67 . @ agent 47 I do not know ... ( his tone harden ) . but I promise you this . if you ever again interfere with I like you do at the train station . I will drop you that instant , and never think of you again . beat ) be we clear ? nika yes . he think about it . then holster the weapon . agent 47 eat you sandwich . I need to get some sleep . she take he hand . nika I be truly sorry ... oh my god , you hand be so soft . . ( she look at he hand ) . they be smooth . you heart - line be go . you do not even have any fingerprint . agent 47 I burn they off . with a slow act acid . e he take back he hand . she do not know what to say to that . 47 lean the seat back , put on he shade . agent 47 ( cont ‘d ) wake I in two hour . nika what 's you name ? agent 47 47 . nika that ' 's not a name , it 's a number . . agent 47 . I be raise in a orphanage they do not give we name , just number . nika wow , that explain a lot . in a freudian kind of way . she sit there for a minute as he try to sleep . nika ( cont 'd ) do it hurt . Burning you hand ? e yes . agent 47 68 . nika you know -- agent 47 ~~ nika . nika yes ? agent 47 quit talk , I need to get some sleep ... or you be go back in the trunk . he 's not kid . but she smile anyway . int . fsb build — day yuri stride up the wide stairwell . we move with he as he enter a large office . int . large office ~— day it be stack with fsb agent . too many even for a office this size , yuri walk to a secretary . he stick out he hand . the oung woman place a stack of p one memo into it . he smile at er . wnervously she smile back . a suite agent move to he . suite agent pardon I , Chief agent . will you be return to Moscow soon ? yuri today . why ? suite agent Colonel gurnesky would like to know when he may have he office back . yuri . . . . tell he when I be through pissing in it . int . private office ~ day yuri rifle through the message , hang up he overcoat . Three man sit around the office read through the box of file . yuri ( cont ’d well that be a royal fuck mess . the three agent look at he . yuri ( coer dh do you dispose of the soldier 's body ? yuri ‘s guy # 1 yes. cremated , sir . yuri send a message to he family . explain that with the State 's overwhelming sorrow ... yuri read a message that stop he , raise a eyebrow . 69 . yuri ( cont 'd ) get I a secure line . one of the man dial the phone on the desk . yuri sit behind it , lighting a cigar . he turn to the window . . yuri ( cont 'd ) have this office be sweep today ? yuri' guy # 3 a hour ago sir . yuri nod . we push out the window -- ext . office build - day we crane down five storey to one of the park car . int . russian car ( parked ) - day Mike and Clarkson sit in the front . listen . a receiver sit between they . over it we hear the conversation from above . yuri' guy # 1 ( 0.8 . ) you have a secure line , sir . yuri ( 0.s. ) wait outside . | clarkson I gotta give it to you , gov ’nor , pretty light on you foot . ; mike you realize , in America , that mean gay . clarkson . however you want to take it , sir . swanky HOTEL suite - flashback Mike look through 47' case . he pull out a tiny transmitter . | stare at it . the fsb agent knock on the door . he put it in he pocket . another HOTEL room ~ continue flash back Jenkins look at the tiny receiver . jenkins where do he get this stuff ? mike can you make it work ? jenkins probably . why ? 70 . ambulance ~ outside train station - continue flashback Mike clap yuri on the back and walk painfully away to where Clarkson wait . we push into where he clapped he . to a ecu of the tiny transmitter , stick to yuri 's coat . back to : int . russian car ( parked ) ~ day mike it be a pretty stupid idea , actually . if we get catch , we will be make snow - cone in siberia for the next 20 year . clarkson yet here we sit . mike well , the damage be already do . they both smile , we hear a phone ringing on yuri 's speakerphone . Mike put he finger to he lip as it pick up . int . private office - day male voice ( 0.8 . ) I be surprised you could figure out how to dial the phone . yuri perhaps you be confuse . this be the senior Chief agent of the Ministry of Intelligence ... _ male voice ( 0.s. ) I know who it be , comrade yuri . all that body you have bury and yet a single man elude you . you ineptness be dishearten . I be unhappy . this could make you family unhappy . yuri best you remember you place , young man . I be make threat when you be still suckling on you mother 's tit . it be because of I , and man like I , out of love for we country , that you have rise -~ int . russian car ( parked ) - day ongiahe voece ( 9 - 8 : ) -- I be gain momentum in the poll . it would be wise to consider you future , comrade yuri . clarkson . { look at Mike ) belicoff ? 71 . male voice ( 0.s. ) . and please ... leave the speech make to I . I be far better at it . clarkson that lie son of a bitch ... never trust a Russian . gov ’nor , what have we get ourselves involved in ? mike | . ( shake he head ) nothing . we can not use any of this . it 's illegal . but it do piss I off . whirp , whirp ! a black mercede be behind they , blue light flash . fsb agent get out of the car . mike ( cont 'd ) shit ... hide that thing . ext . russian car ( parked ) - day Mike step out . he look at the driver who be hold he submachine - gun a little to aggressive for comfort . fsb driver what be you do ? mike we come to see Chief agent yuri . what 's the problem -— - fsb driver the Chief agent be a busy man . he ask , you to go directly to the airport . we will escort you there immediately . clarkson what about we luggage ? fsb driver we will ship it to you . ext . groznyy , chechnya - day cu_lon e4 . he move inch away from the face of another rebel soldier . e4 I want you to give Allah a message when you see he . the man look at he , frighten . e4 ( cont 'd ) for every one of the school child you murder , I will send ten of yours to he . tell he for I . the camera spin 90 degree and we pull back . we now see the man be lie on the ground . 72 . the rebel 's hand be tie to the bumper of a Russian truck , while he foot be tie to another truck , both face way from each other , and run . the rebel scream . another vympel Sir . a call . e4 stand and motion to the driver . the truck grind into gear , slowl roll forward . the man be lift horizontally off the round a few foot . he scream as he body be stretch to the imit . int . private office - day e4 ( 0.8 . ) da. yuri you boy fuck up . you elite , highly train soldier be kill . e4 ( 0.8 . ) that 's unfortunate . yurt yeah , that 's one word for it . he bit out he own tongue . I want you to come claim the body . personally . I need to speak to you . today . ext . groznyy , chechnya -— day click . e4 look at the phone . he pitch it to the other vympel , then nod , walk off . '' both truck gun forward and the man 's scream suddenly silence . we crane up as he walk away . dozen of other chechen rebel be tie up and force to watch as another one of they be select for ie truck . dissolve to : ext . aerial shot - nice suburban house — morning we push down to Mike 's house . 2 day later . int . kitchen - nice suburban house - morning Mike stand at the island counter eat cereal out of he 4 year - old 's bowl as she color . the tv be on : on the tv , a BBC reporter talk . BBC reporter . a political bomb be drop in Moscow today when Russian hard - line candidate mikhail belicoff accused_his opponent | viadimir trevestky , the Russian federation incumbent president , of be behind the fail attempt on he life several day ago . belicoff have rise dramatically in the poll since the attempt assassination . ( more ) 73 . BBC reporter ( cont 'd ) in the last six - month he have soften on he leftist Communist view , but since the shoot , he have take he most hard - line stance to date . trevesky deny any involvement in the attack . back on the BBC reporter . . BBC reporter ( cont 'd ) no official comment from the american State Department . but a source inside the White House say belicoff have surprising large support on Capital Hill -- -- the tv go black . his wife stand there hold the remote . mike hey , I be watch that . wife I do not like amber see that sort of thing . mike what do the Americans think they be fuck do ? do not they remember the goddam cold war ? have the whole world go mad ? they black cat jump up onto the counter . wife yes . include my husband , who be recently shot . perhaps you hear ? ( continue ) and Michael , please do not curse in front of we 4 year - old . also if you would like breakfast , I will be happy to make it . do not eat hers . mike . I know you be angry with I ... wife Mike , I be pregnant . do not argue with I . I be sorry that it cause I grief that you be the recipient of a assassin 's bullet . I 'o work on that . mike baby , I be this close to he . I have he . the cat start lap the milk in Mike 's cereal bowl . wife so do you arrest he before he shot you or after ? '' get the cat off the counter please . Mike pick up the cat . mike get down , spooky . 74 . wife that 's midnight , Mike , not spooky . spooky 's outside . mike I ga not tell they apart , they look exactly ike ... he stare at the cat in he arm . ' mike ( cont 'd ) . . well , maybe if you spent_more time with you family ... I suppose I should be pleased you can tell we daughter apart . Mike ? Mike be still stare at the cat . wife Mike ? Mike toss the cat down onto the counter and grab he key . mike I gotta go . he rush from the room . he then rush back in and kiss he wife and he baby then hurry out the door . mike ( cont 'd ) . sorry , baby , I gotta go to the office . the door slam . his wife just shake she head , and reach down to pet the cat . int . interpol ~ inspector 's division ~ day Mike read through the stack of newspaper printout and report litter around he desk . we hear a knock . Mike look up . Jenkins be stand there . mike Jenks . how do you feel ? jenkins my pride hurt worse than my arm . I almost get you kill . mike do not worry about it , we ’1ll get he . jenkins I hear they be reassign we . mike there 's talk from upstairs , but ... do not worry about that . jenkins . . Mike , I think they do try to kill he . mike who ? he hand he 75 . jenkins the Russians . whoever . mike kill who ? jenkins we assassin . check this out ... autopsy photo . jenkins ( cont 'd ) that be take of the dude on the street they say he shot . before that Russian | omon guy raid the hotel . the ballistic report Said it be a handgun caliber . but look at_this wound channel . my guess be , it 's a 1i2.7 mm bullet . that caliber be only use in the vssk vychlop , anew , | articularly nasty Russian sniper rifle . ntegrally silence and capable of sub - 1_ moa at 1000 meter . and Mike , the vssk be only issue to special fsb anti~terrorist unit work out of Chechnya . how would they know he would be there 's mike they set he up . beat 2 look at agg " ? this be every appearance belicoff have make in the last 12 month . this be from a speech he make in London on May 7 . and this be from some shitty olitical luncheon he have in Northern orgia . what 's that date ? jenkins . May 7 . how be that possible ? mike I get the idea from my cat ... I think belicoff have a double . like Saddam Hussein have before the invasion . he 's paranoid enough . jenkins and you think they hire we boy to kill off some unsuspecting double ? . , mike to gain political support . they stare at each other a moment , both nodd they head . mike ( cont ’d ) explain the arterial spray . jenkins fuck ... you think he have health benefit ? 76 . ext . belgrade - night superimpose title card : belgrade , yugoslavia int . cafe - night smith jamison , CIA , walk inside . he look around . seat at a table in the corner , smoking , and face the door , be nika . she motion to he . Smith , smile , make he way to she . smith I '' look for my friend . nika I have a message from he . Smith look around for a beat , then smile . smith after all this year he do not trust I ? nika I would not know . he send I in here in case it be a trap . where do that put I on he list of friend ? sit . she motion to the chair . he sit , he back to the door , and look around , uncomfortable . smith now what ? and like magic she cell phone ring . she hold it out . nika it 's for you . he take it , click it open . agent 47 ( 0.s. ) ; if you have anyone tailing you , this would be a good time to send they away . smith I be untrustworthy , not stupid . ( beat , smile ) , . of course , there 's always the ossibility I be be follow by someone that do not work for we . curt to : ext . rooftop ~ half a block away - same time 47 be aim a sniper rifle through the glass storefront . Smith look like he 's the center of a buil - eye from this vantage . agent 47 that would be you problem . not mine . e@ int . diner - 77 . same time we CUT back and forth between they . e@ he wait for smith : I think we be friend . I be not feel a lot of trust , here . agent 47 I '' not in the trust mood . what be the Agency 's position on I ? smith . officially , the Agency never have a position on you . beat ) ; but unofficially , I think they be wait to see this thing shake down , the usually like to be on the side of whoever win . agent 47 and belicoff ? smith belicoff see you as a threat . agent 47 he should . I kill he a week ago . 47 to say something else . agent 47 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have a proposition for you . take the envelope from the girl . Smith reach out and take the manila envelope from under the girl 's hand . he smile at he open it and pull out a picture . smith ahh . udre belicoff . mikhail 's psychotic young brother . a real piece of work . no regard for human life . nika , who blow smoke at he . agent 47 unlike we . rumor be the CIA would like he to vanish . why ? smith udre 's lifestyle require lot of cash , and he 's desperate : Russian intel indicate he 's get hold of a couple hundred pound of surplus uranium -235 from chelyanbisk 70 , a nuclear storage site in the ural Mountains . could be a bullshit udre shakedown scam . but the possibility exit ... it would be nice if he just disappear . but , he 's a complete paranoid . hard to get to discreetly . ( more ) 78 . smith ( cont 'd ) and there can not even be a hint of US involvement due to political consideration . agent 47 meaning belicoff . what if I could help you make he disappear ? then he get it . smile . nika look at he curiously . smith ahh . well that might be worth something - but I do not see how kill udre belicoff be go to help you . agent 47 you do not have to . do we have a deal ? smith yeah , I think I can seil this to Virginia . what do you want for the trouble ? agent 47 my normal rate . and a small favor . smith what 's that ? agent 47 ( 0.s. ) reach under you seat . Smith reach under he seat and pull out a large envelope . . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) open it . Smith open it and start to flip through the page , he smile quickly fade . smith tell I this be not what I think it be . _. agent 47 ( 0.s. ) if you think it 's a detailed account on eve : job I have ever take from you , then ou 's @ right . look at the last page . hat 's the favor . Smith do . he read , then look out the window , try to see where 47 could be , though he know that 's impossible . smith I do not know if I can do this . not in you time frame . agent 47 ( oy } well , I have try very hard if I be you . I expect the last thing you have want be for I to get arrest with that file . Smith think about it , then nod . 79 . smith you know , all this be not necessary . all you have to do be ask . ext . rooftop ~ half a block away ~ same time . agent 47 I be ask . just in my own way . you can keep that copy , I have another . give the girl back the phone . wait fifteen minute after she 's go . 1 '11 be in touch . smith . hey ... I be happy you be still alive . ext . rooftop ~ half a block away - same time the slight of smile creep across 47 's face . dissolve to : aerial shot ~ istanbul ~— day superimpose title card : istanbul , turkey with one foot in Europe and one in Asia , the beautiful city , once constantinople , be a schizophrenic combination of ancient and modern on the bank of the bosphorus . smith ( v.0 ) . okay . there 's a german arm dealer meeting udre in two day . someone he 's never meet ... int . train station - early morning 47 watch as a turkish boy , far across the terminal , approach a bank of locker . he reach behind the locker , un - tape a hide key , then find the right locker . he withdraw a long duffle bag . 47 move to intercept he , take the bag and hand the boy some cash in exchange for the duffle bag . turkish boy thank you sir ! there be also this ... the boy hand 47 a note . it read , '' boom ! just kid . happy hunt . '' it 's sign , '' Smith . '' int . bedroom modern HOTEL - a little later nika open she eye . she be in bed wrap in the sheet . the balcony door be open for a high , breathtaking view of the bosphorus . 47 sit at the desk , study photograph . _. nika good morning . have you sleep at all ? she reach for a pack of cigarettes on the night-stand . agent 47 some . 80. e not . ir you know , you could sleep in the bed . will not bite you ... she light the cigarette , then exhales smoke , smile . nika ( cont ’d ) unless you pay I . he turn to look at she . _ nika ( cont 'd ) sorry . a little whore humor ... agent 47 there 's coffee on the table . she slide out of bed , unconcern with she nakedness . 47 avert he eye . she pour herself a cup of coffee , smile . nika for such a badass , you be awfully shy around woman . agent 47 some of they . she move out on the balcony . 47 glance at she , stand there , lean over the balcony . e@ nika God this be beautiful . I read in the guide this be the world 's second oldest city . agent 47 perhaps you should ... he see she from behind . dozen of white scar horizontally criss - cross she ass , all fight for room . nika it 's not polite to stare . fry not to , he return to he work . nika ( cont 'd ) pretty be not they ? souvenir from belicoff , for try to kill myself . or forget to pick up a towel off the bathroom floor . whatever . be ( russian word for naughty ) . en I think about have they remove , but what be the point . she turn and walk into the bathroom . he do not look up . she call to he from inside the bathroom . nika ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) e what 's on the agenda for today ? 81 . agent 47 I have to go out . she stick she head out , now wrap in a towel . nika please do not leave I by myself . let I go with you . please ! a geli-phone ring . 47 look at it . the income call number keep change . he answer it . she continue to stare at he . agent 47 what time ? 47 glance up . she 's still look at he . he nod to she , '' okay '' . she smile , happy . he close he eye . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hold on . _ ( mute it , then to she ) one thing . you can not stay with I much longer . I will give you some money , but that 's it . you_ca not be part of my life . I 'ma killer . I be not you savior . she nod , step back into the bathroom . int . bathroom - modern HOTEL ~ day she lean she back against the wall , she eye wet . agent 47 ( 0.8 . ) be we clear ? nika ( teax roll down she face ) yes , back on 47 agent 47 get dress . ( unrmute , then into cell ) what do he drink ? ext . nisantasi shopping district - day champ elysee of Istanbul , pack with the rich and idle . 47 and nika walk down the street . they pass a upscale restaurant . agent 47 this place look nice , do not you think ? nika for what ? . agent 47 dinner . she smile at he and nod . 82 . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) wait here . her smile fade as 47 walk into the nice restaurant . nika try to see he inside , through the window . no luck . ext . outside restaurant ~ minute later nika lean against the building , smoking . 47 walk out . nika what no you do , eat without I ? he look at she , think . wnat ? nika ( cont 'd ) at ? agent 47 if we be go to eat here , we need to buy you a new dress . nika ( smile , take he hand ) you be really quite charming when you be not kill people . int . bathroom - modern HOTEL - night cu ~ nika 's eye , as she put eyeliner on . we pull back as she finish . she look at herself . we can only see she face , but she be beautiful . she look at she cheek . nika you ask I about my tattoo . still want to know ? int . bedroom ~ modern HOTEL - night 47 , on the edge of the bed , stare at the photograph . int . bathroom ~ modern HOTEL - night nika put on the final coat of lipstick in the mirror . nika mikhail 's mother be a control old bitch . he tell I , when he be young , he to a tattoo on he arm , a dragon . she ad_her man remove it with a belt sander . so I 75 one just like it . my own little act of defiance . I know my face be the one place he no never hurt . int . bedroom - modern HOTEL ~ night 47 do not look up , but this affect he . he harden . 47 agent well , unfortunately , that really do not help I . 83. nika you ask . well ... how do I look ? she be stand in the goorway . he look up at she . we rack to she . perhaps the word beautiful do not do she justice . she smile . he be stare . agent 47 you look nice . she walk over to the dresser and light a cigarette . nira . Nice . Nice be a adjective Americans use when they can not figure out what to say . agent 47 you look very nice . she smile again and move directly in front of he . . nika do you mind ? she lift she dress up , revealing she thigh high . the end of she garter belt dangle down . he stare up at she . then sigh , lean down . nika ( cont 'd ) so very good with firearm . not so good with lady undergarment . agent 47 do you really think this be necessary ? nika . America have rob woman of they femininity . after a bit of fumble , he have the first one do . he lift she dress to get to the other side . nika ( cont 'd ) careful . I be not wear any panty . 47 look up at she . she grin , exhaling smoke . fade to black . int . swanky restaurant - night the restaurant be very elegant , if a little trendy . nika sit off to the side , enjoy what remain of a world - class dinner . she pour the last of thé bordeaux into she glass . 47 sit back down . a white - coat sommelier follow with a wine bottle . agent 47 I get we another . a latour ' 91 . 84 . nika you have barely touch yours . he smile . the sommelier uncork the bottle . a waiter appear , with a glass of scotch . 47 take it . swirl the straw . do it fizz slightly ? agent 47 Excuse I . I think you have the wrong table . I order a bowmore . waiter the wrong table ? agent 47 yes . this be johnny Walker Blue . I believe it belong to that gentleman over there . table 26 . the sommelier motion the waiter along . the waiter take the drink to the german man seat at table 26 . he be surround by body guard . the german take the glass , sip . nika you know what table that be ? agent 47 I see the table layout when I make we reservation . nika and you remember ? agent 47 I have a eidetic memory . I remember everything I see . nika really .. , ? over there . the guy in the green suit . what 's he eat agent 47 I be not sure ~- nira -- see , you lie ... agent 47 ; no , I be not sure if you be ask about he appetizer of snail or the lobster entree . nika ( smile , impressed ) what about the girl two table behind you . what 's she wear ? do not cheat , agent 47 there 's no girl at that table . two man , wey and probably on they second date . he young , who be eat with he leave hand , have be to the restroom three time in the last hour , to keep he coke buzz go . 85 . nika wow. impressive ... ( smile , take he hand ) okay last one . what color underwear be I wear ? agent 47 you be not wear any underwear . they stare at each other a moment . he gently take back he hand . she chew slightly on she lip . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) ( to a waiter ) the dessert menu , please . we pan to the german man , price , with the scotch . he be have stomach problem . he hold himself . they intensify . he seem unable to control he bowel . he excuse himself , follow by three thug , move to the restroom . we pan to 47 , who stand . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) ask for the check . nika I be not do . agent 47 then hurry . nika scratch what I say about you be charming . int . hallway - swanky restaurant - night we pan with 47 as he walk by we and down the hall to the rest - room door , into a long shot . two angry iook man stand guard outside the rest room . we can not hear they , but obviously they do not want_47 to go in . he seem to explain to they he 's have stomach problem . finally they frisk he , and not find any weapon , step aside . int . restroom — swanky restaurant - night Inside the restroom , another thug stand guard outside a stall . it be obvious by the sound come from inside the stall that price be have a rough time . 47 look from the guard to the next stall . a out of order sign be tape to it . 47 shrug and move into the stall . we slowly push toward it . int . restroom stall ~- night 47 open the toilet tank . from inside he remove a Zip lock bag . Inside be a .45 , a silencer , and a small , fill , insulin- type syringe . 86 . 47 screw the silencer onto the .45 and stand next to the stall door . and he wait . finally , we hear the toilette flush . 47 uncap the syringe and hold it in he tooth . the SOUND of the other stall 's lock be unlatch , send he forward . int . restroom ~ swanky restaurant ~— night 47 step out of the stall and pop the thug in the head with the .45 , just as the stall open . price look at the fall guard as 47 smack he , grab he | around the neck , cover he mouth . with the other hand he jab the syringe into he neck , plunging it . price 's eye roll back , and he go limp . 47 step to one side of the door and call out , in german , to the thug outside the restroom . the two thug move ickly in , gun draw , but 47 ickly shoot they both ia the back of the head . 's a ext . hallway ~ swanky restaurant - night '' 47 tape the out of order sign on the door , pick up price and move the opposite way down the hall . at the rear exit a waiter look at he . 47 put he hand in he coat . waiter too much wine ? 47 nod , smile , as the waiter hold the door for he . int . dine room - swanky restaurant - moment later back at the table , nika wait impatiently , smoking . 47 wark in from the front . she put she hand up like , '' what the ack ? '' . agent 47 it 's time to go . nika what . .? he pull she up from she chair and hand she she coat . he toss a wad of bill onto the table . she grab the bottle of wine . ' agent 47 now ! she be obviously irritate and a little drunk , but allow he to pull she out to the car , wait at the curb . int . bedroom - modern HOTEL - a little later 87 . nika ( toss she coat ) . well that be lovely . right up to the time oe . drag I out of the restaurant by my air . 47 sit down on the bed . he think about explain . nika ( cont ’d ) unhook I . she lift she leg , place it on the bed , between he knee . he start to , but she press she leg into he . agent 47 nika ... you be drunk . nika and ... agent 47 and this be a very bad idea . _ nika you mean this ? she lift she skirt higher flash he . agent 47 yes , that . nika oh. how bout this ? she straddle he . agent 47 and that . she lean in , kissing he . he kiss she back . for a moment , they be not a hitman and a whore , they be just a couple . she lift he hand to she breast . he 's about to give in , but catch himself . she lean back , smile at he . and pull down she dress , expose she breast . nika what ? be you afraid of this ? she lean down to kiss he again , lift one of he hand to she nipple . for a moment it seem ... 47 swiftly insert a tiny syringe into she neck . she jerk back . nika ( cont 'd ) oww ! what the ... she can not understand what 's happen , then she eye roll back in she head . she collapse into he arm . 88 . ext . lavish HOTEL ~ night we see this huge hotel sprawling before we on the edge of the bosphorus . we move around it and crane down to ... 47 , carry a briefcase , walk toward the entrance . int . lavish HOTEL — night 47 walk up to the front desk . a desk clerk smile at he . agent 47 I '' here to see Mr. belicoff . he 's a guest . nervously she point to a group of Russian gangster type , loung by the elevator . 47 move to the man as they lift themselves from the couch , the bulk of the submachine - gun beneath they coat obvious . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) ; I have a appointment with Mr. belicoff . my name be price . '' one gangster speak Russian into he earpiece , then ... russian gangster # 1 you appointment be tomorrow . come back then . agent 47 yes , well I be attack tonight . several of my man be kill . tomorrow I plan to be safely back in luxemburg . . furning to leave ) give Mr. belicoff my apology . wait ! russian gangster # 1 ait : the Russian speak quickly into the mike . a heat exchange follow . then ... russian gangster # 1 ( cont ‘d ) what be udre 's cat 's name ? agent 47 he do not have a cat . he do have a dog , stalin , a wolfhound , until it bit he . and he eat it . satisfied that this be indeed price he nod toward the elevator . 47 move toward it , follow by two guard . int . HOTEL elevator - night 47 vide up the elevator . one of the gagster pull the stop button . suddenly they slam he hard into the wall . 89 . agent 47 there be no need -— russian gangster # 1 -- shut up . they run a security wand over 47 , then frisk he . another point to the briefcase . russian gangster # 2 open it . 47 key the lock . the gangster dump the content and bundle of cash fall to the floor . he kick through it . russian gangster # 1 pick it up . int . top floor penthouse - night techno music assault we as the door open . Seven or eight Russian gangstex type stand around the room . ut that be to be expect . at be not expect be the girl . in the live room , a naked woman hang limp from the ceiling by chain . she have be whipped unconscious very recently . probably by the man stand behind she with the whip . he turn , smile . it be udre belicoff . ( pronounce : oodray ) udre be well dress , and quite charming . he 's also a psychopath . udre . , ( yelling over the music ) Mr. price . come in . he toss down the whip and move to the large coffee table . actually move be incorrect , udre dance to it . grind to the music . the table be litter with vodka and a huge pile of coke . udre cut a huge line and stick he nose in it . wiping he face , a_sad , good - look girl , barely dress , hand he a vodka . he slam it . 47 be push toward he . udre stand up , grind a little more , then smile , walk over to 47 , he hand extend . | udre ( cont 'd ) . so you decide to change we appointment . how forward of you . agent 47 I be attack tonight . common sense dictate -- . udre drop onto the couch . udre common sense should have dictate you not abuse my good nature . sit ... 90 . udre , rub the leg of the girl next to he . his man pull down the girl hang from the ceiling . they drag she through a door . we can barely make out ... cage ? but the door shut in out face . agent 47 I apologize . I have the down payment . do you have the sample ? udre what , you do not believe I ? he do not believe I . so you want proof ? he lean forward snort some more coke . the music build . . udre ( cont 'd ) ; then I will give you proof ... wait ! I love this . it be remix by dj kaos in Liverpool . he send it to I himself . he stand , dance to the music . udre ( cont 'd ) you ! , , ( he point to another girl ) dance with I ! '' another sad girl jump from another couch and run to he . he drag she to he grind . udre ( cont 'd ) wait for the break . here it come . he grind . udre ( cont 'd ) there . the music break . udre ( cont 'd ) dance ! he and the girl continue to groove , but then udre , the sadistic fuck , slap she to the ground . he look at 47 . udre ( cont ‘d ) show I the cash . 47 open the case . the girl on the floor whimper . he kick she . udre ( cont ‘d ) do you want a piece ? agent 47 no . I want to conduct we business . udre of course , you do not . because this bitch be use . 91 . udre stand , dance to the music . behind they another girl scream , be gzagge to the now empty ceiling chain . '' she fight as they lock she in . udre ( cont 'd ) you be my guest , I x11 let you have this one first . '' she be brand new . agent 47 the uranium ... udre remove he shirt . he be well build and tatted . he take the whip . the girl in the chain plead . ; agent 47 ( cont ’d ) Sir , we have business . ; udre this be my business . crack ! crack ! crack ! udre lash she savagely with the whip . the girl cry from the pain . agent 47 ( stands , calculate ) perhaps I will come back tomorrow . udre ( sweating , he turn ) no ! agent 47 then let 's conduct we business in private . yes private ! I have a idea . he motion and he man bring the cry girl down , drag she toward the bedroom . y , udre ( cont ’d we will both take turn fuck the girl . you_will watch while I fuck she , then I will watch while you fuck she . ' then , when we be do , maybe I will fuck you . yes ? agent 47 I do not think so . udre hold out he hand . a big and nasty , stainless 500 Magnum Smith & wesson revolver be toss to he . udre but I do . it be the least you can do for interrupt my party . move ! ( to he man hurt they , so they will not miss I while I be go . udre dance toward the bedroom . 47 glance behind he . four guard stand there hold automatic weapon . 92 . int . bedroom - penthouse - night the loud music bleed through the close door . the girl be tie to the bed , naked , gag , and very frighten . udre 's stand there hold the 44 . udre Strip . or I will kill you . udre cock the 500 Smith . 47 begin remove he jacket . agent 47 yes of course . cu - hidden in 47 's hand , be a length of nylon cord . angle on 47 who turn , hold he hand in front of he . agent 47 ( cont 's D ) before we get start , I be hope you help I with you brother . udre ( confused ) . my brother ? how ... do he send you ? impossible . who be youl ?! udre move toward he hold the gun up . lightn fast , 47 hold the end of the cord in both hand , whip it around the revolver . cu - revolver . the cord be wrap between the cocked hammer and the frame . udre pull the fragger but it pst snap , the hammer stop _b the cord . 47 smack udre in the throat with he elbow , yankin the gun from he hand . 47 strike again with the elbow , this time to udre 's face . then 47 wrap the length of cord twice around udre 's neck , lift he off the ground . agent 47 make a sound and I 'il snap you neck . the girl 's eye be wide with fear . but not as wide as udre 's. 47 , behind udre , drag he out onto the balcony . udre dig at the cord , unable to breathe . ext . balcony - penthouse bedroom ~— night . agent 47 stop move . that 's why the proper way be to wrap it twice . you will just pull it tighter . 47 smack udre 's face into the railing . udre ( gasp ) let I go , you cocksucker ! 93. agent 47 okay . 47 haul udre over the balcony , hang he by he neck . udre grasp backwards at the railing , glance below . at the bosphorus and certain death . ; udre wait ! what do you want ? money ? woman ? 47 pull he up a little . udre hold desperately to the rail . agent 47 you know , of all the man I nve kill , for the first time , I will enjoy it . udre no , wait ! tell I what I can do ... 47 take a tiny device and place it in udre 's pocket . . agent 47 just this ... and he push udre from the balcony . we track over the rail as udre fall . and far below , he die . angle on 47 as he grab he coat and walk back to we . grabbing the rail above he pull himself up . 47 glance through the glass door , at the tie girl , still stare at he . he shake it off and continue upward , disappear . a moment pass . then 47 drop back onto the balcony . , agent 47 ( cont 'd ) ( sigh , to himself ) what have that woman do to I ? int . MAIN room ~ lavish penthouse - night 47 step out of the bedroom , the s&w 500 behind he back . a guard smile . 47 shoot he in the head . boom ! 47 move . the nearest ard try to bring up he weapon , but 47 grab the fore-stock , while shoot another guard . then this one , take the subgun . mayhem ensue , as the guard scramble for thelr weapon . 47 be a pro . the other be in full panic mode , most never ina fire fight . the whole thing be kinda one-side . the last man run for the door , but 47 go over the couch and catch he . several second , ten dead body . 47 move to the cage , open they . he hear scream , turn . sad girl begin savagely , beat one of the dead guard . 47 move to she and lift she up . she hug he cry . int . elevator ~ moment later 47 stand in the middle of the dozen gizis , hold one up . he open the briefcase full of cash , nodd to it . 94 . agent 47 take the money . go home . the girl do , grateful . sad girl kiss he on the cheek . fourth floor , the elevator stop . ding . open . a Middle - age tourist couple look at the scene in the elevator , which must be quite a sight . 47 stare at they . tourist husband we will ... we will wait . 47 nod as the door shut . they descend . fade to : ext . STREET ~ much later a rental mercede drive slowly down the street , next to the sea . it stop . the door open and 47 step out , look around . he have a locator in he hand , pinging . he move to the water , and the pinging grow louder . a body float there . ext . russian consulate - early morning '' ' the mercede slow in front of the embassy . a door open , close , then che gar speed off . we push toward the shape in the middle 9 e road . after a moment , Russian soldier run to it . one of the soldier turn it over . it be udre 's Corpse . fade to black : int . HOTEL room ~ sunrise nika 's eye open . she lift the cover and see that she be undress . 47 be next to she on the bed , but not under the cover , and still wear he suit . she grin , shaking she head . and then she begin to scream . 47 wake up instantly , lift the .45 and glance around . he slowly put he hand over she mouth . agent 47 shhh . she point . we pan with she hand , it be the real price , from the restaurant , very dead , lie on the sofa . _ nika ( quietly ) there 's a dead man in we room ! __agent 47 I know . I kill he . come on . get dress . we have to go . ext . london - day a pre-war building sit comfortably next to the Thames . 95 . superimpose title card : london , great britain int . interpol ~ inspector 's division - day Clarkson hand Mike a cup of coffee . jenkins Sir , 3 hour ago , belicoff 's brother udre be find dead outside the Russian consulate in Istanbul . Mike stare at he , think , accidentally spilling he coffee . mike it 's he ... Mike move quickly to a huge map on the wall . jenkins ; the Russians be say it be a drug - induce suicide . Sir , the consulate be eight mile from he hotel . that 's a hell ofa bounce . mike he 's try to lure belicoff out . udre , dammit , I should have think of that ! he 's go to Moscow . ( beat ) he all rent a car out of Istanbul . clarkson I think he prefer train . trace a route with he finger . mike he do , but it 's too risky to catch one in Istanbul . he all backtrack West . bulgarian border 's easy to cross . he will pick up a train there and go North through Romania . Mike look at he watch , calculate . he turn . mike ( cont ’d ) I need the train schedule for Northern Bulgaria . all of the station . ( guick beat ) | and get General Vladimir kormarov on the phone . he 's a high rank member of the opposition party in Moscow and have no love for belicoff . '' mon ! ext . old world road - day a tiny smart car speed down the road wind through the countryside as fast as its little engine will push it . superimpose title card : northern bulgaria 96 . int . smart car - day 47 drive the tiny rental car . nika read through the printout stuff into a magazine . nika it say here the close passenger train station be 200 kilometer to thé South ... ( beat ) . . that 's the other direction . { she look at he ) you be not listen . _ agent 47 I be listen , but I already read that . she sigh , and flip through a magazine . nika why do you buy this magazine ? this writer be full of shit ... agent 47 for the advertisement . . she stop on a add for a very nice watch . she look over , realize 47 be wear the same watch . nika you know , buy expensive stuff will not make you whole . he turn and stare at she . then back at the road . she continue to flip through the magazine . nika ( cont 'd ) hey ...! if you really want to buy something last with you money , you should buy this . she hold out the magazine . it be a real estate broker 's ad for a 6 million Euro winery in the South of France . she continue to hold it out . he turn and look at it , return he gaze to the road . . agent 47 very nice . nika Nice ? it 's beautiful . when I be a little girl , my father raise grape . Little pathetic thing . I tell he one day I would own a vineyard and he could work with I . it be a silly dream . ( beat ) but dream be all little girl have ... ( smile think ) so here 's the pian . you buy this vineyard and retire . together we raise grape , make wine and have lot of child . 97 . @ agent 47 lot ? nika . , at least a dozen . and we will live happily ever after . he do not say anything . irritate , she toss the magazine into the floorboard . nika ( ene ) yes , I know , there be no happily ever after for we . hitmen and whore do not get that . agent 47 nika ... nika_ ( more irritate ) . how do you even know we be on the right road ? and as they crest a rise , before they , be a freight sub-station . she glare at he . nika ( cont 'd ) ( more irritate ) I need to pee . e int . interpol - inspector 's division -— day Mike sit on he desk , on the phone . Jenkins , across the room , be on he as well . mike yes I understand General kormarov is_a_busy man . he and I speak earlier ... hello ? dammit ! jenkins ( cover he phone ) Mike . we sourcé in Romania be tell I that Moscow just request ermission for a terrorist extraction within they border . a military extraction . so far they be refuse . but the request come from the fsb , specifically from the Office of Chief agent yuri marklov . mike fuck ! they have find he ? goddamit , yuri must have someone inside General kormarov 's office . call heathrow ... . clarkson on it , govinor . ext . aerial shot - moldova countryside ~ day a bell jet ranger fly low over field of sunflower . @ superimpose title card : edinet region , moldova 98 . e@ int . bell jet ranger ( moving ) - day mike ( to the pilot why be we go down ? pilot we have no authorization to fly into Ukraine airspace . a car and a diplomatic envoy be wait for you , sir . mike what 's the eta on we h.r.t . team ? jenkins they be flagge crossing the Russian border . could be hour . mike this 'il be way over by then ... ext . airfield ~- moment later Mike and he man move from the chopper , blade still turn , toa mercede g-wagon . a bureaucrat stand by the truck . he put out be hand . bureaucrat Inspector , very glad to meet you . the Ukraine extend a warm welcome to interpol . e@ as you know we have apply for EU status -- mike ~-- tell I in the car ! Mike jump in the driver seat , Clarkson next to he . the g-wagon haul ass away . ext . train ( moving ) -— day we track down toward the train . cu - window . 47 stare out at the countryside from the first class compartment . nika be asleep on he shoulder , he reach over and move a strand of hair out of she face . he turn back to the window . we crane back to a aerial shot as the train speed through Eastern Europe . ext . ukraine border - day the g-wagon be stop at the border check point . Three soldier stand at the car . ike hold out_his badge . Jenkins be talk on a cell . a guard tap on the glass . mike we be with interpol . e the guard look suspiciously at he . the ukrainian bureaucrat hand Mike a official look document . Mike hand it to the guard , who pull out he radio . 99 . jenkins Sir , the train have just cross the border into the Ukraine . mike c'mon , mate . hurry . the Guard glance at he , then return to the radio , read the document into it . and the air be suddenly ripped by the sound of rotor . they all look as we tilt up . Three Soviet helicopter tear across the sky just overhead . shit mike ( cont 'd ) 1te he jam the g-wagon into reverse . back up . bureaucrat wait ! what be you do !?! Mike shift into drive and haul ass through the check point , smashing through the wooden crossing arm . the border guard scream at he and run to they car . ext . first CLASS cabin —- train ( moving ) ~ day insert title card : northern romania near the ukraine border int . first CLASS cabin - train ( moving ) -— day 47 look down at she . he gently run he finger down she face . agent 47 nika ... she smile . the open she eye . agent 47 ( cont 's D ) nika ... you and I have to split up . she look up at he for a beat , sad . she slowly nod , tear run down she cheek . nika ; so much for happy ending ... it be a nice fantasy . ( agent 47 I be not leave you . thing be about to get bloo i’ know how to ’end this ... but dy . T do not think clearly when you be around . nika ( quietly , urgently ) you do not have to do this . we could forget about mischa . just forget he . we could be together . why do it matter now ? _ , agent 47 because , nika ... belicoff need to die ... for what he do ... to you . 100 . nika I do not care about that . not anymore . agent 47 but , I do . she look up at he . he turn he face from the window . she move up to he , kissing he . thing begin to heat up when ... suddenly he sit up . nika what ? ; agent 47 helicopter . aerial shot - sky the Russian military helicopter drop into frame . swat type hang off the side , as the bird descend on the move train . int . g-wagon ~ day . Mike speed along . in the distance the siren of the ukrainian y politia can be hear , while the bureaucrat speak furiously into . he cell . clarkson there , gov'nor ! ext . road — day the g-wagon fly across the road , which run parallel to the train track . in the distance , the train move East . int . first CLASS cabin ~ train ( moving ) -— day agent 47 that interpol detective know I better than I have think ... 47 write on a small piece of paper . a acent 47 ( cont 'd ) this be a secure e-mail server . contact I in one week . she nod , tear flow down she face . he hand she a duffle bag . agent 47 ( eonr ’d take this money . one week . nderstand ? I will find you . go to the rear of the train and get off as soon as it stop . move with the crowd . and stay out of Russia . she hug he , hold tightly . he kiss she on the forehead , then push she toward the door . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) go ! and stay down ! iol . nika what be you go to do ? agent 47 what I do . and he close the door on she . he turn , open up the suitcase and pull out weapon . ext . train ( moving ) - roof ~— day the helicopter hover above the move train , rope dangle from they . Russian swat begin fast-rop from the helicopter . | at least a dozen man , wear body armor and armed with automatic weapon . ext . g-wagon ( moving ) - day the truck rocket along , catch up to the speed train . int . hallway - first CLASS cabin ~ train -— day 47 have he .45 to the head of a provodnik . the conductor hold out a ring of key . '' 47 take they , lowering the weapon as the provodnik run off through the train . 47 ° look out the window . outside , we see the shadow of the helicopter on the ground . we then see something else . the g-wagon , F hing its light , haul ass next to the train . 47 look a moment , then turn , walk off through the car . we can now see he be carry the h&k ump , with the swat assault rifle sling across he back . he move through the car , lock the door into the first class cabin . int . g-wagon ( moving ) - day Mike look at the speedometer . they be go close to 60 . bureaucrat look out ! Mike swerve around the slow move car in front of he , and whip back in , inch from get clipped by a car go the other way . this road be fairly busy . mike Jenks , get kormarov on the phone ! jenkins . . I be try , he 's in a cabinet meeting ! mike get he out ! Clarkson point . Mike follow he finger . Russian swat team scramble across the roof of the train . 102 . ; mike ( cont ' D ) shit ! ext . top of train ( moving ) - day the team leader be motion direction to he man , who ready they weapon . then , wham ! a bullet tear through he neck , he roll off the train . the man look around . up the train 47 stand on the rail of a platform between two car , stare through the scope of the assault rifle . blam , blam ! two more swat guy go down . qhe swat team scramble for cover , try to move down , into the vain . blam ! another go down . a Russian return fire , but take a round in the face . blam ! a final Russian jump , drop down between the car . blam ! he twist , fall on the steel platform . we tilt down . he 's dead . the swat guy yell into they throat mike , and move quickly through the train door . back up top angle on 47 , as a round pierce the roof , next to he . the last helicopter move toward the front , a sniper hang from it . 47 picky turn , tracking the helo with the assault rifle . bam ! @ sniper jerk , hang limp from he harness . 47 drop back below as another 7 swat member rope down at the front of the train . int . train ( moving ) ~ day the eight remain member of the first two team move through the passenger car , as Russians cower in they seat with vision of the old Soviet Union . we track through the train , to the front where the 7 member of the 3rd team move toward the center . team 3 leader {into radio , in Russian ) Press the target toward we . we track back toward the rear . 47 look out the window . the g- wagon have lose some ground . it be several car back . 47 glance leave . a_little boy , about 8 , stare at he , then the weapon in he hand . 47 look at the boy , who be not afraid . the boy make a gun with he finger and point . boy pow . 103 . he grin . 47 smile , and wink at the boy . the hysterical mother grab she boy , pull he down . 47 move off through the train . int . first CLASS cabin - train ( moving ) - day team 1 and 2 work they way to we , into the first class hallway . one of the man push on a door . it be lock . he look through the window . nothing . they move toward the middle of the cabin . suddenly , 47 lean out from one of the cabin directly in front of they , low , and open fire up through they . round tear through the swat team . they return fire and try to take cover in the cabin . but they be of course , lock . Men drop . it be a kill box . team leader # 2 move back ! we need support ! front of train team 3 run through the train toward the other team . back on 47 . who cross the hall into another cabin . two swat man remain . they crouch , move slowly . swat guy . we be take heavy casualty . need support immediately -- ~- something come at they . they fire . too late , they see a teddy bear , obliterate by they automatic fire . 47 lean out and shoot they both . 47 hear three more run toward he . he quickly move toward the rear , glance out the window . int . g-wagon ( moving ) - day ; __ jenkins Sir , gunship be in route . mike dammit ! what about kormarov ? clarkson we have company , gov’nor . behind they , six or seven politia Cars be fast approach . Mike hit the accelerator . int . train ( moving ) ~ day 47 run through the train , eye scan out the window . round tear past he . he run out , between the car , go up . ext . train ( moving ) - roof — day 47 run across the top of the train , stare at the G wagon . behind he , team 3 be follow he up . 104 . int . G wagon ( moving ) - day right next to they 47 be run across the train , look directly at they . mike what the fuck be he do ? ext . train ( moving ) ~ roof — day 47 sling the automatic weapon , run toward the edge . and jump . int . g-wagon ( moving ) - day mike fuck ! crash ! ' the front window shatter , and Mike hit the brake , unable to see . ext . g-wagon ( moving ) - day 47 be on top of the car , hold on for he life . we pull back as Mike skid . a approach car swerve around the careen G - — anagon and slam into a police car , head on . another hit it . '' wham ! the G wagon screech to a stop , in the middle of the road . oncome car swerve , slide . 47 be off the car . in pain but alive . he raise the automatic weapon at the G wagon 's occupant . int . g-wagon ( stop ) ~ day Clarkson start to go for he weapon . mike do not ! ext . g-wagon ( stop ) ~ day we see Mike put he hand on Clarkson . we pull back to 47 , who stare at they over the assault rifle . he lower it , fire full - auto into the tire and undercarriage . int . g-wagon ( stop ) ~— day they duck as the bullet tear through the tire . Mike look up . down the road , 47 be pull a middle - age seorgien out of he stop BMW 7 series . Mike jump out of the truc gun in hand , go after 47 . clarkson what the hell , G -- 105 . mike you never would have make it . he would have kill we . int . BMW ( moving ) - day 47 slam the accelerator . in the rearview mirror he see more politia Cars fast approach . ahead be a tunnel . he shift , speed quickly into the triple digit . ext . other side of tunnel ~ day the BMW exit the tunnel , haul ass away y the road meander around a drop to the river below . down the road it hit the | break . approach from the other direction be more politia Cars . 47 power-slide the car around , head back . ext . road -— day Mike look at the mess . clarkson look . he glance up . two Soviet fast attack gunship approach , missile bristle . int . BMW ~- day 47 exit the tunnel again , look up . he see the gunship . he slam the brake , spin the car again . ext . road - day the BMW haul ass back into the tunnel , directly at the approach police . int . tunnel — day 47 haul ass at the approach politia Cars . int . BMW ( moving ) - day 47 shift , then pull on he seat belt . int . tunnel ~ day the BMW swerve around the first car , careen off the second , but 38 , slammed by the third , which spin . another politia car smack int . BMW ( moving ) - day 47 regains control and shift down . he zip through the open . ext . tunnel - day gun ship fast approach over head , 47 exit the tunnel . at 100 m.p.h. , he hit e guard rail , tear through it . 106 . we full back as the BMW fall 60 foot toward the fast move river elow . int . BMW ( moving ) - day 47 lift he hand off the wheel as the car slam into the river . wham ! the airbag deploy . ext . road - day Mike run toward the guard rail , as the car , upside down , slowly bob under the water , catch in the current . ext . road - later the place be in chaos . Mike yell order . mike we need diver . hurry . Clarkson touch he shoulder . Mike turn . a helo have touch down . and we old buddy yuri move from it . he be follow by a man carry a silence assault rifle . a man wear a camouflage mask . e4 . yuri what be you do here ?. mike zZ have authorization to observe . yuri observe ! once again you help the assassin escape ! ee mike this be a fuck mess ! e4 survey the mess . he look at yuri . e4 you man need better training . he turn , walk back to the chopper . yuri what do you advise ? BA Net the river upstream . that 's the way I would go . he continue away . yuri be furious . yuri this be the last time you interfere ! at least this time the assassin do not get away . mike I think you get he last time ? 107 . yuri do not trifle with I . one call , the ukrainian will have you ina cell . TI doubt you will see you wife by next Christmas . jenkins sir. phone . mike . {into cell ) Mike whittier , interpol . _ ( beat ) yes sir . ( beat ) no sir I can not tell you that . it be send to I anonymously . jut Chief agent marklov be right here . Mike hold out the phone . mike ( cont 'd ) it 's for you . int . cabinet office ~ same time '' we CUT back and forth between the two man . general kormarov I have hear some grave accusation about you loyalty , Chief Inspector . | . yuri fabrication , General , I assure you . general kormarov of course . although I receive a tape this morning . let I play it for you . he push play on the tape recorder . we hear the conversation yuri have with belicoff . ; general kormarov ( cont ' D I might be mistaken , but it sound like zou be engage in political maneuver wit . a opponent of this current administration . be that true , the result for you would be ... unfortunate . you must return to Moscow immediately . ext . road - day yuri General , first you have no evidence that be I . and I do not know where you get that tape but it be irrelevant . because , secondly , you have no authority over the fsb . nor in truth , do the President . yuri hang up the cell , then toss it into the river . he stare at Mike who walk back toward the train . 108 . clarkson what do you think the chance be that we boy be at the bottom of that river ? Mike look at he . Zero . mike he 's go to take belicoff at he brother 's funeral . get we a chopper to Moscow . aerial shot - moscow superimpose title card : moscow , russia ext . cathedral of christ the saviour - day we move down toward the beautiful , newly finish cathedral which sit on the moscova river in the center of the gity , the large church in Europe , it rise over 100 meter and be lominate by a gigantic gold dome . we continue down . closer we see a half - dozen news truck , sit dish raise , ready to transmit the funeral , or more importantly belicoff 's speech to the world in real time . int . cathedral of christ the saviour - day the place be stand room only with belicoff supporter , fight for a glimpse . Soldiers in gas mask and body armor be position in every conceivable place . in front of the pulpit , a platoon of camera reporter be ready to gapture eve angle of belicoff 's eulogy . this scene be the very definition of media circus . we crane over up to the top most balcony , more decorative than functional . # 4 kneel at the rail . his vssk vychlop 12.7 mm silence sniper rifle scan the cathedral . e4 in position . no sign of the target . we continue down toward the back of the cathedral , Mike stand next to General kormarov and be not happy . behind Mike , wait for order , be a squad of interpol hrt guy , dress in blue swat uniform and hold automatic weapon . mike I understand general . but yeu do not know this assassin . I have spend the last 3 year learn how he think . he will be here . general kormarov . yes . I understand you concern with this elusive assassin . my anxiety , however , be much more direct ~- mike -~- General . 109 . general kormarov please . I be not diminish you commitment . you service to the EU be exemplary . but .. , there be almost 400 Russian soldier in this cathedral . spesnatz , Alfa , Moscow omon -- a aide walk up to the General , who hold up a finger . mike ~- , General , everything he have do lead right here . I be convinced he kill udre belicoff to put this in motion . he have to take belicoff here . it must be public . I know I sound paranoid ... but they can not cover this up . it will be on every television from Los Angeles to kaliningrad . general kormarov ( smile ) I be Russian , Inspector , not american . in this gountry we find paranoia to be a virtue . but please , trust we to handle this . it would be foolish to attempt any type of violence in this arena . a man as highly train as you assassin would realize this . now if you ’1l1 excuse I . he walk off with the aide . Jenkins and Clarkson move to he . jenkins well ? mike he do not believe a word I say . clarkson if thing do go wrong , all this jack ul ! soldier , this be go to be a blood bath . mike oh no . anything happen , they plan on gassing everyone . Jenkins and Clarkson stare at Mike . jenkins well , you get to admire Russian efficiency . mike _ ( to himself ) | he 's right , it would be suicide for we boy to try to take belicoff here ... / jenkins Sir ... Mike think about it . know he 's miss something . thunderous applause drown Mike out as belicoff stride to the polpit on he way , the Orthodox Catholic arch Bishop stand and ug he . more applause . 110 . . clarkson this be a political rally , and not a funeral , correct ? tosser ... Mike look at he , nod , then turn he attention to belicoff as the bright light hit he . belicoff . lady and gentlemen . I have like to start by ghanking you for you sympathy and prayer . we be deeply grateful . and i in particular be move . mike something 's not right . tuooks around ) where the fuck be yuri ? fade to black : ext , lavish apartment house ~ earlier that morning a entire caravan of limousine drive out_of a underground parking structure . they be flanke by militsiya car and several armored personnel carrier . we move in . through the window we see belicoff and he wife be drive to the Cathedral . he look up as two helicopter fly in over he , provide air support . belicoff smile . ext . yuri 's home — same time yuri walk from he home to the wait limousine . several guard move with he as he get in the back . behind he , a armored suburban follow . ext . STREET - morning yuri 's limousine stop at a stop light . Cars whiz past . int . yuri be limousine ~ morning a bodyguard pour yuri a vodka . yuri key he radio . yuri what be you status ? e4 ( 0.8 . ) over the radio} in position . no sign of the target . yuri keep vigilant . the fool will be there . suddenly the car shoot forward into the approach car , despite the red light . it swing leave , violently into the traffic . yuri 's vodka splashes . ili. yuri ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ( ook around ) you be go the wrong way ! ext . intersection - morning suddenly , the suburban , wait to follow , explode . int . yuri ‘s limousine - morning the limo pull quickly away from the burn wreckage . yuri we be under ... the driver grop the rf detonator and yank he silence , stainless .45 from he coat . it 's 47 . he turn , shoot the | three guard in the limo . blood splatter yuri. 47 look at he . yuri ( cont 'd ) ».- attack . agent 47 : touch you weapon I all shoot you in the stomach . understand ? int . yuri 's limousine — parking lot - morning agent 47 put out you hand . yuri do . 47 cable tie they . he retrieve the weapon and yuri 's radio . yuri what do you want from I ? __ agent 47 you be go to help I . 47 pull out a small syringe . he depress it , squirting out 3 / 4 of it into the air . he hand it to yuri . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) put that in you arm . yuri ; you be out of you mind . agent 47 . either that go in , or something a good deal more permanent . 47 move the tip of the barrel , lower . yuri inject himself . agent 47 ( cont ’d ) sit back , we all be there in a moment . we CUT back to : 112. int . cathedral of christ the saviour — present Mike stand at the back , still try to figure that one piece he 's not see . delivery guy ( 0.5 . ) {in Russian ) . Delivery for Inspector Michael whittier ? Mike look at he . he be hold a huge bouquet of flower . we push past he to belicoff , who stand at the pulpit . behind he , a giant diamond - vision screen have be erect . it flare to life as belicoff look seriously at the audience . belicoff . before we begin . I would like to say a few thing about udre . as much as I lament the loss of my brother ... aerial shot - moscow suburb - same time superimpose title card : serebryany bor , moscow the most expensive and exclusive area in Moscow . more country estate than cottage . quaint , but sell for million . ext . country estate ~ day we pan leave , to a lovely , if a little large , cottage . a fed ex truck sit near the end of the upscale street . we crane up . a bodyguard stand on the roof of the cottage , scan the street . '' we pull away . the image change . we realize we be see the soldier through a sniper scope . the scope pan right , to the other guard stand on the roof . angle on 47 , lie on top of the fed ex truck , prone , look through the silence sniper rifle 's scope . 47's Pov . the scope click . now the guard 's head be full in frame . the scope pan again , to the other guard 's head , then ack . insert cu ~- trigger , as it be depress . pffft ! the first Guard drop from frame . the scope pan quickly . pffft , the second guard drop . int . cathedral of christ the saviour - same time Mike open the card on the vase . Inside be a note , which read : '' enjoy the funeral . '' Mike look quickly around . we crane up and away toward the stage , to a medium of belicoff . belicofp my brother be a troubled man . it be not always that way . he have forget he traditional value . but I love he . 113 . int . warehouse ~- same time yuri , naked to the waist , be chain to a metal chair , bolt to the concrete floor . one hand be behind he back , the other , duct - tape to a military radio , in front . yuri depress the talk button on the radio . nothing . he press it over and over . still nothing . angry , he violently yank at the handcuff on he wrist , only manage to hurt himself . yuri look down at the C - 4 tape around he torso . there be a lot of it . he glance up at the clock . sweat pour down he face . int . country estate ~ day buzz . the side servant doorbell go off . five soldier sit at a large kitchen table listen to the speech . one slowly get up , walk to the door , and look through the peephole . he Pov - outside a fed ex guy hold up a package . the Guard open the door just as two more soldier move into the kitchen . they push he aside , move out the door . more guard # 1 frussian , subtitle we have lose contact with the look out . the fed ex guy hands_him a package . the guard sign for it . and close the door in 47 's face . hé walk toward thé table . he slow , look oddly at the package . a weird brown spot appear . he realize , something inside be burn . too late . the fast dispersion , aerosol neurotoxin barely glisten in the air . all five soldier be dead before they even smell it . outside 47 turn . he be now wear a small oxygen mask . the two other soldier move quickly down the sidewalk , call up to the roof . 47 lift he silence .45 . pffft , pffft ! both fall . 47 toss the fed ex hat and slip quickly into the house . int . cathedral of christ the saviour - continuous mike . suicide . it would be suicide ... Mike drop the vase . they all look at he . mike ( cont 'd ) clarky , get the car ! ( of the hrt leader ) you , bring you man ... and they rush from the church . int . country estate - kitchen - day 47 quietly move through the kitchen . toward the back stair . 114 . int . cathedral of christ the saviour - continuous . belicoff but sometimes love need to take the form of strength . demand change . we push to a fox news camera man , stand very close , and into the lens of he camera . into a ecu of the lens hold belicoff 's reflection . belicoff | cont 's ) . now , as you see , I fail with my brother . ext . master suite - huge balcony - continuous belicoff ( 0.s. ) because of that love . I fail to do what be necessary . a man in a thick bathrobe prune he prize-winn rose . he take great care with this rose , below , in the estate 's back yard , two child , a boy and a girl , play in the enormous sculpt maze of giant rosebush . we he. they laugh . from the radio on the patio table , we hear the funeral service . belicoff be give the speech he all . . belicoff ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) and what be necessary be sometimes very hard with the thing we love . we confuse compassion with kindness . we move toward the man , and he smile . and we now see ... it be belicoff . another one . he mouth the word as the other belicoff say they . as if he know what the other be go to say before he 's say it . because , of course , he do . belicoff ( 0.s. ) ( cont ‘d ) gafortunately , kindness kill my brother . a man I love dearly . he continue pruning he rose and mouth along with the speech . he seem very proud . but , the child 's laughter annoys he . int . cathedral of christ the saviour ~ continuous belicoff | Russia be very much like my brother . she be break ... int . balcony - cathedral — continuous e4 scan the crowd below , search for 47 . belicoff ( 9 - 83 ) she have lose she traditional value . should we choose to be kind ? and let she die , much like my brother ? 115 . ext . hallway - country estate - day 47 , the mask go , silently move up the stair , press to the wall , he outstretch .45 lead the way . above , a soldier stand on the mezzanine . we think he might see 47 , but he be busy try to light a cigarette . his weapon train on the soldier , 47 continue quietly up the stair . angle on guard , as he smile , finally get it light . we pan right slightly as 47 quickly transfer the .45 to he leave hand and withdraw a large combat knife . reverse , 47 crouch up behind the guard . he jam the jarge blade into the soldier 's neck and push he over the balcony . he man 's gurgle stop before he hit the marble floor . " smack . against the wall , 47 move stealthily down the hallway , weapon raise . at the end , he look around the corner . 47's Pov - four Soldiers stand outside a thick metal door . '' angle on 47 , as he pull he head back . he calculate quickly , . then move out of frame around the corner toward they . int . warehouse - same time yuri look . the clock tick down . 9 second , 8 ... flash back : int . warehouse ~- one hour earlier yuri open he eye . he be naked and tie to that chair . 47 sit in front of he . agent 47 look down . yuri do . C - 4 be tape all around he torso . a lot . . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) . that be C - 4 . about forty pound of it . much more than be necessary but I know you fondness for overly dramatic theatrics . when it detonate , it will not only liquefy you torge , et level this entire building . ea the C - 4 be rig to a cell phone . at. exactly 1:15 , that radio in you hand be program to activate . it will remain active for only 15 second . you have ten second to help I . if you do not , I will detonate the C - 4 and you along with it . yuret you have go to a great deal of trouble . I be just a bureaucrat . there be nothing I can do for you I '' afraid . 116 . agent 47 I disagree . back to : int . warehouse — present the clock continue to click . 2 ... 1 ... yuri at ( yell , frustrated ) pucki ! . the red light on the radio blink on . yuri just stare at it . back to : int . warehouse - little less than one hour earlier yuri not agent 47 this be not a request . the situation be fix , and you know both possible outcome . live or die . you choice . _ ( stand ) . here be something to keep thing in perspective . I pick it up last night while I be in you home . if you care so little for yourself ... 47 place the picture of a college age girl on the table , next to a large analog clock . yuri you bastard . agent 47 at one fifteen , you will have fifteen second . ( he_moves_to the door ) and yell all you like , we be mile from where anyone can hear . CUT back to : int . warehouse -— present yuri look at the clock . his fifteen second be zipping bye he be cover in sweat . he glance at the picture of he daughter . he key the radio . int . cathedral of christ the saviour - balcony - one second later e4 stare through the scope , scan . his radio chirp . e4 Da ? ( listen ) be you sure ? 117 . ext . high angle - moscow ~ day two suv 's haul ass through the street below . int . lead suv - day Mike and he man rush through the street . over the radio : belicoff ( 0.s . ) or should we do what be necessary ? what be hard ? to save what we love . belicoff be really bring it home now . people cheer . mike hurry ! clarkson | do my best . traffic . outside the suv jump the curb and haul ass down the median . '' ext . master suite - huge balcony - same time / the other belicoff listen . pruning . back on yuri yuri just fuck do it ! now ! int . balcony ~ cathedral angle on e4 , who squeeze the trigger . int . cathedral of christ the saviour ~- continuous __belicoff { Building volume ) | . I for one will not fail again ! not with this country ! not with we child 's future ! not with you -~ -- smack ! e4 ' 's round tear through belicoff 's skull . we pan left . a moment 's delay show the assassination again , in graphic detail on the 100 's screen . pandemonium . Soldiers swarm the area . int . lead suv - continuous the man in the suv be stunne . they can hear the crowd panic . shit ! mere his man look at he , confuse . 118. . mike ( cont ’d ) keep go ! ext . master suite ~ huge balcony - same time on the radio , we hear the chaos . belicoff drop the pruning shear and turn , stare at the radio . int . warehouse - same time yuri lower the radio , and sigh . int . balcony - cathedral ~ moment later Soldiers rush to the balcony . but it be ty . only the sniper xifle remain . the soldier look at each other . we move over and crane down . int . cathedral of christ the saviour -— continuous Soldiers , in gas mask , swarm everywhere . terrify guest be drag from the cathedral . ext . master suite - huge balcony - same time belicoff continue to stare at the radio a moment . radio reporter ( 0.s. ) mikhail belicoff be just shot right before we eye ! again , mikhail belicoff be dead ! anger and disgust be barely evident on he face . but then they be go . he pick up the shear and move to another pot rise bush , get on he ees , clipping . we pan and push in to a cu of the radio . a hand reach into frame and turn it off . angle on belicoff . he do not turn around . he just continue pruning that rise bush . belicoff seem I underestimate you . we pan right . 47 stand next to the radio . . agent 47 consistently . 47 adjust he jacket , to cover the blood splatter from the soldier . belicoff a miscalculation on my part . _. agent 47 _ — so ...? do the hard - line Communists make you a offer ? or be kill mikhail you idea ... mischa . belicoff stare at 47 . 119 . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) show I you arm . belicoff why ? do it matter ? agent 47 ) to satisfy my own curiosity . belicoff unty the robe . he slowly lower one side . when he do , we can see the well of scar and skin-graft below he neck . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) no scar on you arm ... belicoff , _ , ( smile ) mikhail could have very well return Russia to she former glory . all the people need be a push to make he a hero , but he stop short . then I realize the right push would solve two problem . agent 47 | but then you try to kill I . and you force the people I work for to abandon I . you place I into a impossible situation . belicoff . do you have any idea of the pain I endure to look like mikhail ? the other be fine , but i_got a infection under the steel facial structure . the skin-graft never completely heal . I be in constant agony . not to mention the excruciate ache I endure spend time with he dilettante wife and whining child . of course , I find way to divert my attention . but then mikhail decide that perhaps return to the old way be not such a good idea . support within the party be wane . they remove my face for the cause and '' then he decide to become a idealist ? I think not . _ agent 47 if you have just leave I alone , you could very well be sit in the kremlin this time next year . belicoff so it seem . we will never know . you and the whore be the only one who know the truth . and where be she now ? do you have fantasy of a life with she ? 47 look at he . belicoff ( cont ’d ) if you only know the deprave thing I make per 24 you would not be so eager to share er bed . 120 . e 47 be go to kill he now . suddenly man start banging on the bedroom door . belicoff slowly lift he hand from he pocket . belicoff ( cont ’d but you will never have that chance ... mischa hold out a tiny remote from he robe pocket . belicoff ( cont ’d panic button . I press it when you come in . agent 47 the door be steel . we have a few moment . belicoff perhaps . but you will never escape from here alive . there be over a hundred soldier here . you be a dead man . some consulation I suppose ... 47 just smile , glance at he watch . mischa stare at he , stoic . . belicoff ( cont 'd ) there be nothing more I have to say to you . then a think bring a evil grin to mischa 's face . belicoff ( cont ’d ) . eo just_know , the whore be break . I do it myseif . she have no chance at a real life . with you dead , she 'il return to the only thing she know . and flat on she back , all she will have to dull the pain , be a dim memory of you . pathetic . { hts grin fade ) get on with it then . we pull back into a wide as 47 lift he silence .45 . cur to : ext . back yard - day we hear a slight pffft . the boy look up as bird fly up from the balcony . int . master suite - day 47 look at belicoff 's body on the floor . from outside the door , man batter at the steel . he clinging echoe through the room . he can hear man gather below the balcony outside as well . 47 walk over to the desk and check he watch again . he do not look happy . he unsling the automatic rifle from under he coat , lean ed against the desk and sit , face the door . he calmly lace one '' 98 on the desk , lay the other next to it , and check be watch once more . 121 . we track toward the room 's entrance . blam , blam . splinter fly . someone be shoot at the wall hold the steel door . we push through it . ext . hallway - day Soldiers crowd the hall . we track above they , and down the stair . which be e mally pack with man . it be obvious that 47 be completely outn ere and outgun . we continue tracking to the bottom of the stair and across the main room . and then , through the glass door , we see flash red and blue ights . int . master suite ~ day the hinge to the door be blow off and the door sag inward . 47 snatch up he .45 's , one in each hand . and then we hear yelling from the first floor . no one rush in . int . MAIN room ~ day mike interpol ! Drop you weapon ! '' Mike , he man , and the interpol hrt team storm the stair . the Russians point they weapon at the hrt team who aim back , but clearly belicoff 's man be confuse about what to do . clarkson Drop you bloody weapon ! Mike , he badge hold high , make he way toward the bedroom . mike we have a arrest warrant for that man ! stand down ! the Russians have no choice but to allow interpol to move into the bedroom . int . master suite - day 47 place he weapon on the desk and raise he hand just as Mike and he boy swarm into the room . jenkins do not move ! on you knee , hand on you head ! 47 comply . Mike look at he as a hrt guy frisk he . mike . do not do anything stupid . agent 47 I would not dream of it . hri guy he 's clean , sir . Clarkson pull out he handcuffs . 122. mike I will do that , clarky . Mike put the cuff on 47 . he look at he . mike ( cont 'd ) you almost have I , you know . agent 47 almost ... int . MAIN room — day they lead 47 , in cuff , through the main floor , through all of the russian soldier , who just stare in confusion . ext . cottage - day Mike follow behind 47 as he boy lead he to the suv . he watch 47 as Clarkson and the hrt guy put 47 in the rear seat of the suv . they close the door , but still Mike stare at 47 through the window . 7 glance up at Mike for a moment , then back down . clarkson , congratulation , gov’nor . you get he . Jenkins slap Mike on the back . Mike can not suppress a smile as he get into the vehicle . Clarkson power the suv away from belicoff 's country house . int . lead suv - day Mike look at 47 in the visor mirror . 47 look up at he . ; agent 47 something you want to know ? mike just one thing . know how this end , be it worth it ? '' killing belicoff ? agent 47 . know how this end ? definitely . Mike nod , turn around . Clarkson be look in the rearview mmlrror . clarkson what do you make of that ? Mike look out the back glass . mike what the hell ? 47 seem calm as he can be , like he 's on he way to church . 123. ext . roadway ~ day suddenly , they be set upon by four , black out , armored suv . the vehicle surround they and drive they off the road . ext . side of road - day Mike 's suv slide to a stop . he start to get out , but both vehicle be quickly surround by man in dark suit , of course this man be wear armored vest and wield serious firepower . all of Mike 's man , include the hrt guy , be freaking out . mike who the fuck be you ? a man walk over from one of the suburban . despite he shade , we easily recognize he as Smith . smith I be agent Smith with the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency . I need all of you man out and to the rear of that vehicle . jenkins you do not have jurisdiction here . smith we be not here . which mean when we open up on you , and shred you body with automatic-fire , then this will never have happen ... Mike sigh as he be move to the back of the second vehicle , where he man , hand up against the vehicle , be be relieved of they weapon . they be quickly join by ail the rest of he man . clarkson I would like to know what in God 's fuck name you think you be do . smith . we have reason to believe you be involved in terrorist activity . mike we be with interpol , and in accordance with section 3578.9a , we be transport a international criminal . you be seriously overstep you job here , mate . Mike toss he he badge . Smith casually look at he . smith what criminal ? Mike look over . there be no one in the back . it be empty . ; clarkson _ you stupid american shit ! 124 . smith ( to he man ) watch they . smith go to look in the car . he pick up a card off the back seat , pockete it . he walk back over to Mike , hand he he badge back . smith ( cont ‘d ) you know what , I be sorry , man . my mistake . I think you be someone else . clarkson you cocksucke prick ! you let he get away ! smith load up boy . Smith and he man walk back toward they black - out suburban . Smith turn around to Mike and he man . smith ( cont 'd ) on behaif of the United States government , I would like to extend to you we sincerest apology . Smith wink at they , smile , and get into the truck . as the suburban speed away we pan back around to Mike , who just stand there for a moment . mike I need a cigarette . we crane up move away from they as Mike just stand there take a moment . int . suburban ~ day Smith stare out the window at Moscow . he reach into he pocket and withdraw the white card he find on the back seat of Mike 's suv . it be one of Smith 's own business card . he flip it over . on the back be write , '' we be even . '' Smith smile , let the card fly out of the window . fade to black : int . mike 's study ~ night we be now back where we start . 47 sit across from Mike . rain clatter on the window as they look at each other . mike so now what ? agent 47 I want to be leave alone . 125 . mike just like that ? agent 47 yes . just like that . 47 stand . pull the blanket off the mound on the floor . underneath be a man . we recognize he as the man 47 speak to diana about on the train from St. Petersburg . but he be dress in a black suit with a red tie . and he head have be shave . . agent 47 ( cont ‘d ) . that be the man you have be look for . seem besides drug run and kidnap , he have also be assassinate people al. over Europe . mike I do not follow . agent 47 yes you do . I '' finish . more accurately I never exist . this be the man you have be search for . the man who kill so many . '' a7 place Mike 's weapon on the desk . the h&k . . agent 47 ( cont 'd ) ballistics will confirm he be shot by you weapon . the magazine be in the night 's stand next to you bed . do not forget it before you call you superior . then ) he break into you house . and you be . force to defend yourself . he die . right here on you rug . you be a hero . mike you kill he here ...? agent 47 it 's five . if you wait a few hour , until the girl ge to school , then you will not have to expose they to this . and it explain | why you wait so long before you call it in . mike | / I can not go along with this ... 47 move to the french door , then stop . stare at he . agent 47 I truly hope you can . because the | assassin , the hitman , be dead . finish . it 's time we both move on . let the dead stay dead . for both we sake . and for you family 's . ( open the door ) Goodbye Michael . I hope I never see you again . 126 . and with that 47 be go , disappear into the night . Mike sigh , think . int . parisian postal store - day nika hand the clerk a couple of euros then take the fed ex envelope to a side counter . she tear it open and pull out the content . a single page . nika smile . it be the real estate ad from the magazine . for the winery in the South of France . a address have be write on it in marker . ext . winery - high angle superimpose title card : bordeaux provence , FRANCE we pan left , across the 72 hectare of prime grow field , past the winery , the stable and out - building , to the huge 17th century chateau . a private drive wind through the tree , up to the step where a taxi_is park . nika get out of the taxi , look around and giggle . she start to run inside . real estate broker ( in french , subtitle ) wait , wait , hold that taxi ! a chic 30ish frenchman , dress in a nice suit , hurry down the step . he lean in to the cabbie , speak . real estate broker ( cont ‘d ) parlez-vous francais ? nika a little ... . real estate broker nevermind . you be a little late . my partner already go back . nika I be sorry . real estate broker no problem . here , sign this please . he put papers on the roof of the taxi , hand she a pen . confused she sign she name . he point to another sheaf of papers . he smile , fold the two document . real estate broker ( cont 'd ) merci . the staff be wait inside . _ nika ( grinning , excited ) where be he ? Inside ? real estate broker I be sorry ? 127 . nika | the man who own this place . real estate broker Madame ... you own this chateau . he hand she one of the fold document . real estate broker ( cont ’d ) merci . he get into the cab . she run to the window . nika wait ! I be meeting someone . he slap he forehead . then pull a envelope from he coat . real estate broker I forget ... I be suppose to give you this . au revoir . she 's stand back , hold the envelope as the taxi speed away , through the gate and down the private road . nika open the envelope and pull out a card . we push in as she read . she glance at the taxi as it disappear , then back at the card . tear begin roll down she face . she slump down , sit on the step , reading it again . we pull back , craning up as nika cry . we continue up and back , moving quickly away . the image change . we be now see the scene from far away , through a sniper scope . ext . hill - day 47 lower the scope , not attach to a rifle . he be not happy . he lift the scope again . 47 's Pov - of the chateau . a servant come out of the chateau , move down the step , she rest she hand on nika 's shoulder , who look at she . the may motion she inside , a compassionate smile on she face . together they move into the chateau . back on 47 who lower the scope . through the stoic exterior , we feel the sadness . the loneliness . we crane up as 47 walk off toward the wait mercede . fade to black .