hocus pocus a screenplay by Neil Cuthbert base on a story by David kirschner and on a screenplay b y Mick garris and a screenplay b y James Douglas Cox wednesday , may 13 , 1992 fade in : ext . salem village - establishing - night | the camera look down on the village , nestle in the I valley below . simple wood - frame house . smoke i chimney . lighted window . the night be chilly , thick , spooky . the dog of the village be hear barking and : howling , upset by something that they understand , even | if we do not . i letter read ... " Salem , Massachusetts . 1692 . " under a full moon a spooky - look high - eave little house glower down at the village from the top of a hill . ' smoke rise up out of its chimney , twist and turn in a very unnatural fashion . this be no ordinary smoke , and this be no ordinary house . the camera find something move through the bush just below the house and follows the source of the motion . suddenly , the shiver bush part , and two head appear . they belong to a pair of local farm child , thackery and elijah binx . thackery , thirteen , be the older . elijah , he brether , be ten . both wear homespun , simple clothing . they peer up at the house , frighten . thackery they conjure . look ! he point at the chimney smoke in which the shape of little demon and beast can be see form and unform - ing in the vapor . elijah be really scared . thackery start crawl toward the house . elijah thackery ! but he follow he ... camera follows the two child , as they crawl through the bramble - fill yard toward the light window of the spooky - look house . they reach the window and peer in . there Pov the main room of the house be light only by the fire in the broad hearth and by candle place in a circle around the room . ' the cauldron boil on the fire as the three sanderson sister , winifred , mary , and sarah stand around it . very old , and dress in the heavy black woolen clothing of the era , they look like exactly what they be ... witch . winifre be the eldest and by far the most powerful . ( continued ) '' ne continued : once beautiful , she beauty have be corrupt by evil ( she finger have grow talon , she tooth have sharpen ) , but she be still vain , and she hate child for they youth and prettiness . winifre have a nasty temper ; when she get really angry , she -hair stand on end , and she possess a ability to discharge jolt of electrical energy . winifre have great aril ? with potion and spell . she be a very dangerous witch . Mary , the middle sister , be obese and gluttonous . obsess with food , she possess the outward manner of a sweet as sugar kindly aunt . Mary love little child . she love they because she love to eat they . Mary 's sense of smell be incredibly keen ; she can follow the scent of a child like a bloodhound . Sarah , the youngest , be the idiot sister . she 's also beautiful and sexy . she like to torture thing : small animal , child , bug , you name it . any suggestion of cruelty ( to somebody else ) send she into a fit of idiotic cackle laughter , while any fear for herself send she into a fit of terrify scream . she 's a mess . the child watch as winifre read from the recipe in she ancient spell book . winifred ( read ) oil of boil ... ( put in a drop ) and a dead man 's toe ... drop one in . suddenly , Sarah 's nose catch a whiff of something . she sniff . sarah I smell ... ( lick she lip ) Children . back to scene thackery and elijah duck for cover as Sarah , winifre , and Mary step up to the window and gaze out . angle from outside thackery and elijah hide right below they , motionless , as Sarah sniff and winifre 's evil eye scan the darkness for they favorite prey ... child . ( continued ) continued : suddenly , a ghostly white form can be see approach through the darkness . winifred sister , we guest be here . the witch share a evil laugh of pleasure and move back into the room . the kid be terrify , as the white form approach and become identifiable as ... a little girl dress in a long white night shirt . elijah ( in a whisper ) ' tis we sister , Emily ! the Little girl 's eye be close . she be walk in she sleep . thackery ( in a whisper ) Emily ... Emily ! but she walk right past they and into the house . elijah she be . bewitch ! thackery run to town . fetch the elder . elijah but -- thackery go , elijah . run like the wind . elijah crawl away , then get to he foot and sprint off down the hill toward the village . back in house - moment later Emily sit on a stool next to the bubbling cauldron . winifre continue read from she spell book . winifred ' finally when 'tis nearly do , add a bit of thy own tongue ... close on winifred as she bite she own tongue , then spit into the cauldron . close on cauldron as it bubbles up , change to a dark sickly purple color and give off a menace curl of vapor . 's winifred ' tis ready for taste . Mary be about to take a taste , but winifre give she a painful backhand , knock she away from it . she dip a . spoon into the potion , then hold the steaming spoon out to Emily . winifred one drop of this , and she life will be mine . the witch cackle . the entrance little girl open she mouth wide as winifre lean in with the spoon . but suddenly the door to the house fly open , and thackery race in . sarah a boy ! thackery fling a stool at winifre ; she jump clear , flick the content of the spoon on Mary , whom it sizzle . . thackery grab a long iron pot hook off the wall . he swing it at the witch , who recoil from he . winifre snatch up she spell book and hold it protectively . winifred get he , you fool ! mary get he , you fool ! Mary shove Sarah at thackery , and thackery give she a good bop on the head . '' as winifre , get furious , start gather power for a major electrical discharge , thackery hook the edge of the cauldron with the pot hook and dump it over . the bubbling goo spill all over the dirt floor . on winifred as she shriek in rage at the sight of she ruin potion . her hair be now stand out straight in the air . thackery bolt for the door , but winifre nail he with a massive jolt of electricity and he go down . thackery's Pov - from floor - moment later CC as he come to and see the witch ' three ugly face nd stare down at he . back to scene thackery try to struggle , but they have tie he up . mary see how bravely he struggle . they cackle . winifred what shall we do with he , sister ? mary roast he with potato ! sarah put hornet in he ear ! winifred no no , he 's such a brave little ~ boy , - he punishment must be more co ... inventive ... let 's find something in my book . she pet the book . sarah the book ! the book ! Sarah and Mary cackle with glee as winifre lovingly open and peruse she spell book . : winifred let I see ... wart ... itching ... crib death -- mary ( gleefully ) winifred ( smack she ) I have it ! - his punishment will not be to die , but to live forever ... C ) mary ~ ( cackle ) as what , winnie ? ( continued ) — -—------- _____-_ crib-death ! — _ crib-death ! ——------_ — pn '' od drop to the floor . with they broomstick . the door fly open . fill the house . the townspeople toss torch to pyre . ever- laugh witch . sarah as what ? as what ? winifre read from the book . winifred twist the bone and bend the back ; trim he of he baby fat . give he fur , as black as black , and pointy claw with which to spat ! winifre hiss at he . thackery's Pov of witch ext . salem village - night the witch be set to be hang over a pyre . elijah stand with they father . father binx confess you crime . where be the boy , thackery binx ? mary we be innocent ! sarah victim we be ! let this madness stop ! no last meal ? . father bink silence , hag ! the boy ?! winifred mortal ignorant fool ! hang we , burn we , what ye will ! but we spirit abide here in this hill , that one hallow would Eve when the moon be round , a virgin will summon we from the ground ! the witch poke cruelly at camera torchlight Emily and flame leap at the ( continued ) continued : winifred we will be back ! you have not see the last of we , Salem Village ! ( mother goosey ) mind ye child well ... mind ye childr -- camera pan up to and hold on the full moon as the witch shriek with laughter . but they shriek be suddenly cut short , as we hear the plank tumble to the ground . dissolve to : another angle nearby , something small and sad watch from the bush . watery marble eye blink slowly . when they open , they be look up at ... int . high school classroom - day among . the student in the classroom be allison williamson ( 15 , prettiest girl in town ) and BEN and alan ( 14 , town 's geeky outcast ) . a witch - like face : miss olin could anyone explain for we how the cultural significance of Halloween and we own local history might perhaps share some common ground ? a tarantula secretly crawl among the foot of the student . it crawl towards allison 's foot . Ben know about it , so Alan divert the class . miss olin yes ... Mr. schotznick ? alan thank you . Halloween , or more properly , allhallow Eve , in medieval time be a holy evening . it take place on October 3lst , the eve of all Saints Day when the soul of the dead rise and walk the Earth again . ( more ) ( continued ) L 4 continued : alan ( cont 'd ) which be exactly what Salem 's own most diabolical ancestor vow to do on this very night . ( beat ) the sanderson sister , before be hang by a town full of most righteous and , if you ask I , most improperly dumped - on witch hunter , swore they would come back to avenge themselves on Salem 's child ... that would be we . ( beat ) there be that to this day , Mr. corwin . and myself include , who believe that every Halloween night a black cat still guard the old sanderson house , warning off any who might bring the witch back from the grave . allison ahhhhh ! the tarantula 's on allison 's foot . she flip it away . it land ..on its back -- leg wrigglin ' -- expose its electronic innard . the bell ring . the class exit . ' allison glare at Ben . he shrug , point to Max . she look at he . he smile , gratefully . but , shaking she head , she leave . Max 's crest fall . ext . high school - locker row -- day Ben and Alan 's locker be altar to superstitious protective . Max collect he stuff from he locker nearby . he can not stop look at allison down the hall . Ben consult he . " locker-rolodex . " BEN williamson , allison . 15 . birthdate June 20 , 1976 . freshman . ' a ' student . take over finest babe throne from christi klipenger upon arrival . family asset exceed 7 digit . live 397 chestnut Street . Social calendar full to the 12th of never . alan put she from ye mind , lad , she 's way out of you league . ( continued ) continued : max yeah , now that you guy make I look like such a idiot ! alan you should thank we for break the ice for you . mak with a r.c. tarantula ? now she think I be a geek ! BEN no , now she think you be a clever geek . Big difference . mak do not do I anymore favor , okay ? I can break my own ice . Max start after allison . turn back , head out of school past Ben and Alan : BEN good call , Max ! it 's Friday the - l3th , . Halloween and a full moon all at once ! unluckiest day of the current millennium ! alan prediction . BEN predict on . alan we young apprentice shall crash ' n ' burn . BEN agreement . the night grow near . we must prepare . alan prepare on . they finger " garlic butter " on they face as war paint . they head off -- parting gag student in the hallway like corpse . int . salem mall - bank of salem - ATM - day Max ride up on he mountain bike to get money out of the versateller . ( continued 10 . continued : C ) turn to leave : duh ! allison be there . he just stare ed _and stare at she . allison be you do ? max ( miss cue ) what ? sorry . I be not stare . allison that 's not what I mean , but since you mention it , ever since you start at cromwell High you " have be stare at I . be there something wrong with you ? max what ?! no , I mean , ya know , no . I guess I can not help myself . ' allison oh . you be just immature . I should have guess with the spider in social study . ee max I do not do that ! Ben corwin do , he be try to break the ice for I . allison break what ice ? : mak : the ice . ya know . with you . i allison for what ? mak wull , to meet you , of course . allison for what ? max wull , I do not know . allison then why would you have they do it ? ) max I do not ! they do it on they own . ( continued ) '' q il . continued : allison what 's you name ? max Max . allison well , Max , you should tell they to stop do thing for you , they be make you look like a jerk . ' bye . ext . salem STREET Max ride out of the mall under a anvil of teenage angst , look back at allison get into she mom 's car . wham ! he run into jay and ernie ( 17 , town jerk emeritus -- a axl Rose apostle and a white rap fanatic ) , on they moto-cross bike . they bag of Halloween prank supplies scatter . max oh man ! jay , Ernie , man , I be sorry ! Ernie yank Max off he bike . stick he head in Max 's face . the word I C e! be shave into he short hair . ernie can not you read ?! my name be Ice ! cold -heart like a cube . get it ! huh ?! Ice ! get it ?! max yeah , I get it , I be sorry . . ernie not yet you be not , buttshine ! do not move , newboy ! ( to jay ) come on ! pick it up for the whole town know who do all the stuff tonight tomorrow after it 's all do ! jay quh , too many word , Ice -- what ? ernie pick up the stuff , braindead ! jay hurry . Ernie grab Max . ( continued ) o io 12 . continued : ernie you be dead , Max E. pad ! ( msec , att -span ) whoa , cool crosstrainer . lemme check them out . max what , my shoe ? ernie no , you jockstrap . yeah , you shoe ! gimme . I wanna see if they fit I . Max be about to protest , Ernie unpocket a knife . Max lose the shoe . Ernie try them on . too small . he slice the heel out . ernie perfect . here , trade man , do not say I never give you nothin’ . Ernie stuff he crusty tenny in Max 's arm . ernie if you tell anyone you see we -- ( confidential ) -- shopping ... max ( confuse ) 4h , yeah , yeah I get it . Ernie and jay take off for the top of the mountain . ext . mountain bike park - outside town - day a ski resort that 's a mountain bike park in the off - season . Max ride by a old cemetery and up to the ticket booth with purpose . he take the ski lift . ext . mountain top - " suicide gorge '' - day Max suit up : helmet , glove , pad . ride to the edge of the expert run -- vertical deathtrap ; rock , mogul ... Max breathes deep . cinch down he toe strap . death - grip on bar . be just about to pedal over the edge , when ... ... he choke . frustrate , he back away from the edge just as Ernie and jay fly by he -- jetting down the run . they bike be agile horse . Max ride off , at once scared and disappointed . 13 . ext . mountain bike park - day Max ride down the bunny slope and out of the park . old ticket taker maybe next time . max it 's always the next time . ext . max's house - day Max ride up he walkway . int . max's house - kitchen - day dave hey , champ . terry hi , sweetpotato pie . mak mom. dad. dave how be school ? max bad grade , cut class , no friend . basically , it suck ! dave hey , language ! jenny Max ? what happen to you shoe ? Max look down at Ernie 's stinky sneaker . mak um ... that new industrial fungus thing . you guy go trick or treat ? jenny there 's a Salem professional Halloween dance at the town hall . we will be out late , so look after you sister , Max , okay ? ( continued ) ne 14 . continued : max what if I have get a date ? ( as all turn anxiously ) I mean , I do not , but if I do . all resume . dave then we would cross that bridge if we come to it . she 's you responsibility for the night , Max . understand ? max yeah . I think it stink . but , I understand . - jenny we have all get we cross to bear , Max , you should be thankful you have a sister to share the best thing in life with . you would feel pretty bad if you do not . max she 's seven year old , Mom ... I be in high school . jenny which make you the mature one . Max grab a Coke from the fridge and head upstairs . ext . max's bedroom - day the woodshop. project.skull.'n ' bone read : " max only ! " int . max's basement room - day Max rifle through the CD . oh no , Neil diamond . oh yes , " solitary man . " as the lachrymose lyric lilt through he private teenage cave ( Bud Light babe poster , et al ... ) , Max go eye to advisorly eye with a poster of he big time hero : neil diamond ( v.0 . ) ' a solitary man ... that 's what I be , a solitary man ... ' max oh , man , that 's I . that be I . that 's so true , Neil . ( continued ) 15 . continued : C ) Max open a copy of the crucible , cromwell High 's paper : — a picture of allison lead cheer . max whadda I do , Neil ? I mean , do I just walk up and say , ' hi , I be totally in love with you , be my girl friend ' ? ( a think ) cool , I will write she a song . rose ‘er - red , violet 'er blue , I be to - tal - ee in love with you . man , Neil , just I do not know , forget it , she think I be a geek anyway ... but , I mean look -- Max show the pic of allison to the pic of Neil : max see ? be I lyin ' ? be she beautiful or what ? Max be suddenly entrance by the picture . he bring it up to he face . he 's gonna kiss it ! suddenly , he little sister , dani , appear behind he from the closet . oo dani boo ! max abh ! dani I scared you ! ' _ , mak ' I be gonna kill you ! Max leap for she . dani jump on the bed ( 7 year old ) face to face with Max . he reach for she -- she put she hand up in power - witch manner : dani halt ! if you touch I I will tell everyone what you be doin ' ! max you better not say nothin ' , dani . dani what will you give I ? Le ( continued ) continued : 16 . max a fat lip if you do not shut up . Mom and dad tell you to stay out ! dani nut uh , only till you adjust to you new environment because move in high school be tramlaktic on a teenage boy , that 's what Mom say . so , let 's go . . max traumatic . and I be not go anywhere . dani . you be take I trick ‘er treat . max guess again . dani you be . max I be not . . dani uh-huh . max ut-uh. dani Mom and dad say you have to . max guess they do not know everything . dani ! ' : max wanna bet ? dani run in a spontaneous lather up the basement stair , scream at the top of she lung : dani ! ! 17 . int . max's house - dave' workshop - day Dave just dave you have not do anything except hang around the house every weekend we have be here so far , Max . listen , ya know , we move here for you and dani 's benefit . mak thanks , but that do not mean I have to like it . dave no , I guess not , but life would not be so miserable if you try to . mak who say I be miserable ? " look " at he . mak dad , I do not wanna move here . all that stuff you say about a safe rural atmosphere ? well guess what , I get my cross trainer rip off on the way home from school ! which I hate ! I do not have any friend . they bump I ahead ' cause they say I be smart , but now everybody I be suppose to be equal with drive a car and I ride a bike . I have to get a five dollar haircut that suck because nobody know how to cut hair right here . daev you , my man , have get a serious case of the scream knee buckler for some lucky girl . do not you ? max ohman ! she tell you ! I can not believe it ! she blab she fat mouth about all my personal stuff and I be suppose to take she trick or treat ! forget it , dad ! dave : you better suit up , it 's about time . ( continued ) 18 . continued : max what ? dave it 's Halloween , get into it . max ( horrify ) you be kid , right ? dave serious as a tax audit , Max . because if you do not , or if you foul up in any way , you can forget about get you driver 's permit this year . listen , Max , it 's she big night and you be gonna make sure , as she big brother , that she have a great time , understand ? max yeah , I understand . I think it suck , but I understand it . dave life be not fair , Max . but it 's always the guy who go above and beyond the call of duty that make all the difference . dismiss . ( beat ) oh , do not scare dani too bad . she will have nightmare . max my life 's a nightmare . ext . max's house - dusk costume kid roam the-street . Dave ( laden with still camera and video 8 ) and Jenny look proudly at they kid . jenny ( from the door ) honey , fix you nose , it 's fall off ! have a good time ! do not stay out too late ! dani wave gleefully . Max 's costume : baseball cap and wayfarer iis . - dant I have get we route all plan . we be go to clean up ... where 's you costume ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : C ) Max put on he sunglass . max I be a dope dealer . dani unacceptable . max I be Christian slater . Jenny and Dave walk over to the kid . dave what be you suppose to be anyway ? Max put on a baseball cap . max , I be a baseball player . let 's go . dani take you mitt . be ) ( angrily ) ' do not push I , dani ! dani look hurt . Max and dani walk away . dave kid , wait up ! dani he 's get the camera . . max crap. Pump it ! Max and dani bolt away under a full moon . below it on a nearby hill ... the sanderson house . ext . neighborhood - various shot - evening a skeleton sit up and wave ; killer front - yard diorama ( Halloween 's big in Salem ) . . Max and dani come down the street . Max be praying he will not be notice . . dani if you would wear a real costume nobody would know who you be . a lo ( continued ) '' J continued : mak just hurry up . ext . house - evening dani ring the doorbell . the devil answer . and goofy smoke issue out . Max yawn . dani freak , duck behind he : dani abhbbhh devil save yourselves ! abandon all hope ye who ring my bell ! Boy , tremendous reaciton . dani tr-tr-tr-trick ‘er treeeat . devil well , well , what have we here , a little witch and a ... a kid wear sunglass ... max I be a rap star . ext . neighborhood - various house - night Max drag along as dani run from house to house . at various door , Max explain : max " mar blind centerfielder ... I be n dysfunctional teenage zombie ... a illegal alien from lapland ... a illegal alien ... I be a lien ... I be Jack nicholson 's son ... be the ghost of James Dean ... I be a rayban factory test pilot ... I be Ray Charles 's back - up singer ... I be she brother . I a I and I be a I ext . neighborhood STREET - night dani struggle under the weight of she haul . bored . dani mine 's too heavy . carry it for I , Max . ( continued ) 21. continued : mak you night . you candy . you carry it . dani Fine , I will ! I like you better when you be a kid . max I like I better when I do not live here . oh shit . come on , we be do . dani there 's more house ! but dani ignore he and keep right on walk toward jay and Ernie , who ride they bmx bike up , block she way . oo Max come |o | Ernie and ernie ding ding . ding ding . jay stop and pay the toll , kid . ernie ten chocolate bar . no licorice ! jay dump out you sack . we will pick an . dant Drop dead , moron . ernie yo , twerp , how would you like to be hang off that telephone pole ? dani I would like to see you try it , jerk , " cause my big brother 's with I . and if you do not gimme back my candy I be gonna tell he to beat you up . Max ! forward . jay and Ernie bust up . ernie what be you suppose to be anyway , a ' New kid on the block ' ?! the other kid crack up . ( continued ) qd . 22 . continued : dani he 's a little leaguer ! jay , Ernie , and the other boy howl with laughter . Max be mortify . max ( try to leave ) later . ernie wait a moment . everybody pay toll . lemme check out you swatch . Max hand he swatch to Ernie . dani — what be you do ?! Max , be not that you crosstrainer . max shut up , dani . ) dani you can give he you stuff , but he be not takin ' mine ! dani snatch she candy sack away from Ernie . duck behind Max . Ernie chase she into Max 's face . ernie you get a death wish or what , " maxipad ' ? Max hand Ernie he own sack . max here , Ernie , help . yourself . ernie my_mname be Ice ! cold like a cube ! dani Dumb , like a brick . Max slap a. hand across she mouth . ernie I '1l just keep the bag . max sure , go ahead . I gotta get she home now , ya know bedtime . ( continued ) '' 23 . continued : Max lead dani away . halfway down the block she bite he hand : dani Social misfit ! degenerate ! thiefe ! dani struggle with she 1 / 2 ton of candy . at a cross street , Max turn back : max what do you want I to do ? there be two of they ! dani you do not have to roll over completely ! mak I do not wanna take you trick or treat , but I do . and if I do not give he my swatch he would have beat the crap out of both of we . I save you butt ! so just collect you candy and shut the hell : up , dani ! dani ( bawling ) I be tell Mom and dad that you ruin my Halloween !! . max go ahead . see if I care . dani you do not care about anything , anymore ! max I get nothing to care about . dani sit on the curb , bawling . Max sit with she . max sorry ... dani you be just scared dad will not sign you driver 's hermit -- 6 max -- permit . it do not matter anyway , I be not go anywhere . ( continued ) 24 . continued : dani how come you do not have any friend yet , Max ? I get lot so be . max you be a kid , it 's easy for kid . , dani oh yeah , and you be such a big man , you do not even shave yet . ( beat ) sorry . have some candy . Max split a chocolate bar with he little sister . max it 's boring here . dani it 's. not really . there 's lot of cool stuff . look . a full moon hang over the sanderson house far away . dani . I think full moon be good luck . max come on , I will take you ho -- Max notice the street sign under which they have be sit : " chestnut Street . " max -- over to this street and then we will go home . dani ( as they go ) no , that 's just rich people down there , they will make we bob for apple and drink cider ... Max ! ext . " 397 chestnut STREET " - night allison 's house . impressive . Party inside . Max ring the doorbell . dani how come this one ? max I do not know . ( continued ) 25 . continued : allison answer . Space princess costume , " too sexy for my shirt ... " dani trick or treat . I be not bobbin 's for apple -- ( duh ) -- oh. hi , allison . dani oh , brother . int . allison be house - night a cater party -- all adult . allison 's bored . allison it 's my parent 's annual party . max great . y allison CO it 's completely boring . max great , great . allison want some cider ? dani / max no. sure . allison get some . dani so , I guess we know why you have be such a jerk lately . max what be you talk about ? dani you want she to be you girl friend and she do not even know you name . ( ) mak yes she do . allison return . ( continued ) o '' continued : dani just 26 . allison here you go , ah -- what be you name again ? max Max . roll she eye . dani just tell she and let 's go , Max . mak shut up , dani . allison tell I what ? max nothing -- dani -- my brother 's get the hot for you . Max choke . that 's bad , but how allison look at he , we nee allison i.like you costume . very authentic . dani thanks . my mom make it for I . I help . . allison I be really into witch . dani really ? I , too . we just learn about that sister in school . allison the sanderson sister ? I know all about they . my mom use to run the museum . dani there 's a museum about they ? allison they shut it down . a lot of spooky thing happen here . ( continued ) 27 . continued : C ) dani where be it ? allison at they house . I think they be wrong to close it . it 's a piece of history . dani 's suddenly best friend with allison : dani neat . I be really into witch , too . allison ( to dani ) would you like to see it ? max ( interrupt ) see wha -- what ? — allison the sanderson Museum . i'11 get my mom 's key , they will never know ~ I be go , allison move off . dani : just take she to the movie like normal person . my friend say that that witch eat kid ! max there 's no such thing as witch and even if there be they be dead 300 year . ext . hillside wood - night Max , allison and dani trudge Emily binx 's hill . full moon . allison what 's you costume suppose to be ? dani he 's too cool for a costume . he be just take I around . ~ allison that 's really nice . ( continued ) 28 . continued : max I always do it , ya know . dani my parent make he -- Max nudge dani again . dani ouh ! if you hit I one more time , Max , I will tell she you listen to Neil diam -- Max slap he hand over she mouth . too late : allison I dont 's believe it , you listen to Neil diamond ? ( beat ) I love Neil diamond -- dani gag . ext . hillside - night the old sanderson house loom at the top of the hill , as Max , allison , and dani climb the hillside in the ghostly moonlight . Max lead the way . it 's very spooky . dani ( to allison ) they find the bone of a hundred child bury in this hillside . max ( pick something . up . look , a thigh bone . he toss it at they . dani and allison squeal . dani it 's a stick . I hate he . ext . sanderson house - night sign : " the sanderson House , circa 1642 . Home of winifre , Sarah and Mary sanderson , hang as witch , Halloween night 1692 . 12 to 5 m-sat. donation $ 3.00 . " the sign be rotting . the place be overgrown . a new sign be nail over the old , " close ! no trespassing ! " Dark cloud cross the moon : ( continued ) 29 . continued : allison the witch 's ash be suppose to be bury under the house . the sanderson sister be just misunderstand eccentrics , persecute by ignorant people in a ignorant time . max yeah , geez , dani -- something bolt by Max 's foot -- he leap four foot : max -- ahhhhhh ! dani oh yeah , big man . the black cat sit ' twixt the gang and the house . its eye shine in the dark . it " meow , " strangely . dani it 'sacat ! the cat " meeooowwss . " Max chuck a stone at the kitty . whap ! it disappear . dani it be talk . didya hear it ?! it say ' get out ! 's max -- it say meow . allison I hope you do not . hurt it . max no way , they get nine life . int . sanderson house - night darkness . stumble . Max flick on a mini-mag . dani I be scared . be not you scared ? I be , I be scared . be you ? C '' ( continued ) 30 . continued : allison my friend and I use to sneak in after hour all the time when we be little and play ouija board and stuff , but ... it be never like this ... it 's weird now . the display be cobwebbed . rainwater catch -bucket . Velvet rope form a guide tour past display sign , potion , strange device , dry animal and the cauldron . the gang. scream . allison oh my God , I forget about that . Wax witch effigy wear talisman necklace . they be huddle o'er the cauldron . Max venture forward . dani cling to he arm -- he wrench free . max ' the spellbook of winifre sanderson . give to she by the Devil himself . bound in human skin , it contain the recipe for spell of destruction and life . ' human skin , right . allison unless you believe in this stuff , it seem goofy . Max feel he oat here , he be not afraid of nothin' . max definitely . check this out . the black candle display . a box of old match nearby . max " the candle of the Black flame . make from the tallow of a still bear calf -- gross -- and the fat of a hang man -- no way -- this candle be use by -- the mini-mag die , he strike a wooden match . max -- the sister to illuminate the page of the spellbook while they conjure . legend have it that it will also raise the dead when light by a virgin on Halloween night . ' ( beat , macho ) guess I be out then . ( continued ) 31 . continued : allison oh , right . dani that 's what she mean ! meant who what ? allison before they hang she , winifre sanderson cast one last spell , ' one Halloween night when the moon be '' round , a virgin will summon we from the ground ... 's in the b.g. , through the window , the cloud drift away , revealing the full round moon . the room be suddenly illuminate with moonlight . it 's very spooky . allison and dani be afraid . max cool . let 's light the thing and meet the hag . ( offer alison he lighter ) would you like to do the honors ? allison we should not be fool around with this . dani no kid ! max what be you afraid of ? it 's all just a bunch of hocus pocus . suddenly , with a panther - like yowl , the black cat leap out of the darkness and land on Max 's back . for a moment it hang on , claw he viciously . max ( freak ) get he off ! get he off I ! ahhhhh ! as suddenly as it attack , the cat drop off of Max and disappear into the shadow . allison nervously laugh at Max 's freak out state . Max , embarrassed , pick up a piece of firewood , and brandish it like a weapon . max stupid cat ! ( continued ) 32 . continued : sneeze . from the shadow , a very human - like cat yowling can be hear . allison he say that 's what you get for hit he with a rock -- oh my God , I can hear he now , too ! max what ? allison he talk ! dani I tell you ! more yowling from the shadow . allison he say if we do not get out of here right now , we will never get out ! max so why can not I hear he ? more yowling . dani only that who believe in magic can hear he speak ! mak you guy be overreact ! allison let 's get out of here ! -- dani great idea ! they start for the window . mak wait a second , where 's you candy ? dani who care ? allison forget it , Max . let 's go ! ( continued ) o 33. continued : max no way . my dad will kill I if I bring she home with no candy . I will never get my learner 's permit . dani I know that be the only reason you take I ! allison help he look . the cat meow at they menacingly . max shut up , Morris ! sneeze . the moon slip behind the cloud again , darken the room . Max flick he lighter light . allison I can not see a thing ! let 's just ' split ! Max look at the black flame candle . without think , he light it . dani see he . dani Max ! no ! the cat yowls in horror , but it 's too late ... close on candle as Max 's lighter ignites the flame , but instead of give off light , the flame literally suck in the light around it , like a black hole . on max's reaction as he realize he 's just make the blunder of he life . max uh-oh . but it 's too late . with a sudden implosion / explosion , all the light in the room be suck into the candle , while at the same time a strange howling wind emanate out of the flame and blow around the room . hellish laughter and scream be hear as the wind gust , blow around dust and object ... cat oh no ... 34 , ext . underneath sanderson house - night Light erupt from the ground , carry the bury ash of the witch in stream up through the floorboard . int . sanderson house - night the light and ' ash stream up into the wax dummy -- lighting they from the inside out . melting the wax ... cat no no no ... the effigies moan like the undead . Wax drop off they in luminous . thick lugy . the plaster explode from the mannequin ! waxy plaster dust fill the room . moonlight filter in the trillion particle clear slowly . the | kid duck behind the spellbook display . they stare and shudder at what have impossibly manifest before they : sanderson sister skinny , fat and ugly . unchange and piss . they be slow to realize they good fortune . as they pinch themselves to verify they freshliness : ' winifred sister , we have return ! they howl and cackle with delight . close on max and allison in hide -- mak . ( sotto voce ) what happen ? allison a virgin light the candle . Max be embarrassed . back on witch winifred but who bring we back ? the witch scan the room and see the three witch effigy . winifre approach they . ( continued ) ' oe 35 . continued : winifred sister ? she put she hand on one , and it fall over . winifre examine they , puzzle . suddenly , Sarah 's nose start twitching . mary do you not smell they , sister ? winifred what ? mary ( lick she lip ) Children . sarah let 's pluck they eye out ! winifre whacks Mary with the back of she hand , send she slamm into a rack of potion . winifre turn on the charm . winifred come. out , my dear . we will not harm you . mary we love child . winifre suddenly flip over the table , revealing dani , who be petrify . dress as a witch , she think fast and pretend to be one . dani greeting , sister . , winifred greeting , little one . dani it be I who bring you back . winifred ( not buy it ) I see . the three witch gather closely around she , paw and poke she with they sharp finger . winifred ( menacingly ) such a pretty little girl . ( continued ) 36 . continued : C ) sarah — , pretty finger . pretty eyeball . mary ( squeezing she arm for plumpness ) and she 's so well feed . winifred tell I , my sweet , what be the date ? dani ( terrify ) octo -- to -- tober 31 . winifred allhallow Eve . my curse work > just as plan . and the year ? dani 1992 . winifred sister , we have be dead ... three oo hundred year . mary how time fly ... sarah when you be dead ! the witch howl with laughter . dant guess I will be go . mary ( block she way ) stay for supper . dani I be not hungry . : mary but _we be ! the witch howl with evil laughter and seize dani with they talon - like hand . they be about to tear she to piece when a voice shout ... oe : CO ) voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! ( continued ) 37 . continued : the witch turn and see ... Max , hold one of the bucket of rainwater . he hurl the water , scoring a direct hit on winifre , and soaking she thoroughly ... everything stop , as everyone look at winifre to see what happen . close on winifred as she get so mad that the water literally sizzle off she face . max ( sheepishly ) it .work in ihe wizard of Oz . back to winifre as she rage increase ; she electricity charge up , she hair stand straight on end . suddenly , she throw out she hand and zap Max with a stream of crackling electrical ENERGY . Mary and Sarah cackle with delight as Max be literally lift off the ground , writhe in the electrical field . sarah burn he to a cinder ! mary roast he , winnie ! now dani get mad . dani you_leave my brother alone ! she pick up a small pot and bean winifre with it . the electrical charge be break , Max slump to the ground , and winifre go down to the floor , momentarily stunne , but in a instant she . have regain she 's sense . she snatch up dani with both hand and lift she off the ground ... when allison attack she , but winifre easily knock she aside with a blow from she hand . winifre be about to wring dani 's neck ... when suddenly , there be a ferocious yowl , and the black cat leap out from its hide place high on a shelf and land on winifre 's head , scratch and claw she savagely . winifre release dani , and all hell break loose ... ' ( continued ) 38 . continued : Mary try to grab allison , who punch she in the nose ... winifre tear the cat off she and throw it against the wall . Max come to he sense , see what 's happen , then spot the sprinkler system on the ceiling ... Mary cackle like a idiot ... mary here , kitty kitty kitty ! dani find she candy bag . winifre be about to grab she again , when Max suddenly leap up on the table . max hey ! he click the lighter , which flame . that catch the witch ' attention . max you have mess with the great and powerful Max , and must now suffer the consequence ! I summon ... the Burning rain of death ! Max ( who have position himself perfectly ) lift he hand and hold the flame . under a old sprinkler head on the ceiling . for a beat nothing happen , and then a old FIRE alarm bell start sounding and all the sprinkler head on the ceiling start gush water . the witch scream in horror , as they imagine they be about to die a agonizing death . sarah the Burning rain of death ! scream . while the kid scramble to escape , the black cat , who be of course thackery binx , leap up onto Max 's shoulder , put he face right up to Max 's . Three hundred year have turn binx into a tough , very worldly cat . binx get the spellbook . Max instinctively reach to pry the cat off -- binx bite he hand . mak oh , God , you talk ! ( continued ) 39 . continued : binx I do lot of other thing , too . you listen to I , boy , get that book or there will be hell to pay ! Max be paralyze . whap ! whap ! -- couple quick paw - shot ' cross Max 's cheek . ~ bi hurry ! MK Max grab the spellbook . he run out past the writhe witch . binx scramble after they . bink hey ! heel ! heel ! ext . wood - night bink follow I . Max stop . allison and dani stop . look back at he . . , max a ) wait a minute ! I wanna know what 's goin 's on ?! binx turn ' round and leap back up in Max 's face again . mak stop doin ' that ! binx stuff a paw in Max 's mouth . binx shut up . I 'ma cat . I be talk | to you . you understand what I be | say . some 300 - year-old witch ! wanna kill you . anymore question ? good. more later . right now , who 's in charge ? max woo war . binx ( pat Max 's forehead ) Fine boy . this way . C '' binx dash away . dani follow . allison next . she — leave Max with a sudden disapprove look , 40 . back on house - same time the witch , still scream in imagine agony , be get soak . close on winifred as she taste the water stream into she mouth and realize ... winifred Water ! it be but water ! Sarah and Mary stop scream and lap up the droplet . mary most refresh . winifred ( smack she ) the boy have trick we ! ( see break case ) my book ! they have steal it ! after they , sister ! ext . sanderson house - night + + lead down the hill by Mary 's " life-of-its-own " nose -- like toucan Sam to the fruit loops . they stop suddenly at a black river . sarah the river styx ?... winnie , have we truly go to -- mary -- what be that ? they : view a beat - up sedan nearby . winifred ' tis be most strange vessel ... ( emblem ) ah ... a vessel for ford this river . sarah so clever , sister . mayhap ' tis not too deep ... winifre shove Sarah on to asphalt . sarah sister , I can not swim ! ( continued ) o 41 . continued : Sarah stumble onto the road and stand there drown in oxygen . winifred | ' tis firm as stone ! it be a road . mary / sarah ( a goofy jig ) just like bone , 'tis firm as stone ! a little road , let 's kick a toad ! wonk ! huge headlight cut out of the darkness . they barrel straight for Sarah and Mary . the witch scream : sarah Dragon ! they leap for the bush and hide there watch as a firetruck speed by , siren blaring . it stop at the sanderson house . mary witch-hunter ! ext . field outside graveyard - night binx lead the way -- dani , allison and Max hurry after he . they approach the gate of the " Salem County Cemetery . " mak this be a graveyard ! binx brilliant , someone tell you ? mak why be you talkin ' we in here ? dani just do what he say , Max ! allison really . you get we into this anyway ! max I ?! you be the one that want to go up there -- allison -- I do not light the candle -- ( continued ) 42 . continued : binx kid , kid , knock that stuff off or tl turn this car around right now : binx squeeze through the iron gate . the gang follow . binx step lively , ‘tis hallow ground , the vile witch can not set foot upon it . ext . sanderson house - night the firemen kill the sprinkler and head for the truck . fireman # 1 kid again . fireman # 2 man , I hate Halloween . the firetruck rumble away . as the witch emerge from the bush : sarah the crimson vessel of witch hunter , sister . do ye see the tool of torture ? ( lite , tire , hose , axe ) a witch be blind first , then crush ' neath the roller , hang by the noose and torture with the axe of confession ! : winifred aye , not be a different world . hurry , we must get back the book . Mary snatch a burly wood - beetle off the house . she eat it . mary ( munch ) what book , sister ? winifred my spellbook ! sarah why , sister ? pray , tell . ( continued ) oo 43 . continued : : winifred I need it to perform a spell ! mary what spell , sister ? winifred ( crown they ) sister , consider thy arm . they do . winifre dig a finger into hers . she get wax . Sarah get wax . Mary hurt herself . . mary ouh ! be we not flesh , sister ?! winifred ' tis only thy girth which slow they fate . sarah ( blubber ) but I do not want to be a dummy , winnie ! winifred Little help for that , sister . ( hypothesis ) I fear the hourglass be pour . see too how we move about now ? we do not walk as flesh , we float as spirit , neither alive nor dead . we must get the spellbook and conjure for we life this night ! come , the hour be numbered ... winifre spin grandly -- she witch - tog twirling -- head for the house . the dunce follow : winifred ++. and we be dead by dawn . int . salem county cemetery - night the kid follow binx through the graveyard . past tombstone . a skeleton wield a scythe appear from nowhere , they scream . just a sculpt gravemarker . binx leap atop it . max William Butcher . murderer . thief. drunkard . ( continued ) d continued : 44 , binx a versatile guy , he be , billy the Butcher . max oh right , like you know he . binx " like totally 's I know he . that 's right , junior , I do . I know napoleon B. , Mark twain , Tom Edison , davy crockett , Chuck lindbergh , Babe Ruth and Walt Disney , too . max really ?... binx really . I know billy before and after he be strung up ... the witch steal he body from the gallow and bring he back to life to raise a little hell , if ya know . what I mean . to keep they secret , they cut out he tongue and sew he mouth shut with a dull needle . the kid react -- hand to lip . Stark silence . binx '' now you know what we be deal with . it be not Elizabeth Montgomery . there , now , since I have get you attention , boy and girl , let I just say that we be in one ' grave ' situation . sorry , could not help myself . dani be you the little boy who be turn into a cat . binx yes . I be . thackery binx , at you service . int . sanderson house - night the place be wreck . winifre whistle -- a classic twig broom fly to she . Sarah whistle -- a modern - type nylon - bristle angle broom skitter over to she . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( note : when she fly then , she broom be always out of alignment -- she fly at a " angle . " ) Mary whistle -- a 30 - year- old chrome - raile electrolux vacuum chug out of the closet to she , and ... ++. unceremoniously slap she in the forehead with its chrome handle . with a impressive flurry of cape , winifre mount she broom . winifred to_the sky ! ext . sky above slaem - witch , airborne - night the witch fly across the full moon . they consider Salem Village far below . the city light seem like pyre . winifred Salem Village be a change would world . many witch burn regular now . back at graveyard - few moment later dani and allison listen intently as binx tell he tale . Max be still feel peeve . dani do you like be a cat a lot ? binx at first I enjoy myself . be a cat be a highly sensuous experience . I sleep all day , prowled around at night ... my family take I in ; I sleep by the fire , and everybody petted I . but then ... the year start to pass . I watch my parent grow old and die , and my brother and sister ... and they child , and they child . but I be always leave behind . the kid be stunne and sadden . max why do not you kill yourself ? binx do not you think I try ? ( more ) ( continued ) 46 . continued : C ) binx ( cont 'd ) na but I always survive . I feel into deep despair . I could not die , but I have no reason to live . then one day I realize ... immortality be a curse , but it give I a purpose ... the sanderson sister have vow to return from the grave , but I would always be here to stop they . they would never harm another child , as long as I be here . so for three century I have guard that house , especially on Halloween night ... ( pointedly at Max ) | when I know some airhead virgin might light that candle . allison what be we gonna do ? binx make sure the hag do not get the spellbook . > max oo this ? binx yes , that . the devil 's spellbook . it contain all of witch winifre 's most powerful and heinous spell . ( to Max ) do not let it out of you sight , and remember this , all of you , it be evil and only evil can come of it . be that clear ? all nod . : binx | good. : dani they do magic at they house , how come they need it ? binx good point . as near as I can figure , they have minor magic ~ at they beck and call . ya know , unseen force , fireballs from the palm , bewitchment , cetra cetra . CO ( continued ) oo 47 . continued : allison if they get it back , what would they do with it ? binx I only see they conjure with it once . they would cook a potion that , as near as I could ever figure out , they plan to give to the child of Salem Village . for what ? binx I do not know . mak well , we be just talk about three old lady versus the 20th century , right ? I mean , how bad could it be ? suddenly , a electric cord drop , dangle from the sky in front of Max . binx look skyward : bin bad . winifred Book be mine ! the spellbook leap ! binx get it ! Max intercept ... allison and dani take cover -- hide '' they eye . binx leap to the tombstone . binx this be hallow ground . whisk off , wretch hag ! winifred thackery binx ? my , my , still alive ? binx till the end of eternity if it mean vex the like of you , vile wench ! winifred enjoy you 9 million life ? ( continued ) n77 48 . continued : that strike a cord in binx . he 's a taut ball of fur . sarah catch the kitty . bind he with wire . skin he alive . set he afire ! mary Children , give we the book , and we will be go . dani no way , fatso ! mary ( evil ) fatter still when I be through with you ! Mary dive -bomb dani . she flatten to the ground . the electrolux zoom inch above . winifred enough ! give I the book or die ! bink land here and take it , evil sow . winifre and she sister " air-huddle . " bink I do not like this . max but you say they can not touch we here , right ?... right ?! : binx ' they 's cannot . allison whadda you mean ' they ' ? winifre unpocket the black flame candle . hold it ready : winifred soul at peace , remain at rest ; torture spirit , join we quest . smell with nose , see with eye ; twist you finger toward the sky ; push aside you earthen sheet ; stand upon you good dead foot . life be sweet ; be not shy -sleep slave , arise ! arise ! ( continued ) 49 , continued : winifre snap she craggy finger and light the candle . binx be throw off William Butcher 's tombstone -- the gravemarker roll . rotted coffin plank erupt from the grave . then ... - billy the butcher climb out . a zombie . his mouth sewn shut . he blink the dirt from he eye -- which be somehow miraculously intact . nothing else about he be though . dani , allison and Max be strike dumb and freeze stiff . binx leap onto Max 's chest once more . binx hey ! ( slap -slap ) ever see i Dead ? {as Max nod ) well , it 's all true . Zomby eat people . we be go like the wind . follow I . winifred ( to billy ) after the child ! billy move on . allison and dani who run after binx make track out of the graveyard . max but , you say we can not leave the cemetery ! binx Fine , fine ! you stay here then ! billy growl . Max split . billy run into a low branch -- knock he head off -- fumble around for he noggin . find it . set it back . chase on . the kid sprint for the cemetery wall . billy close . suddenly , the witch appear -- hover right in front of they . winifred peek -a-boo , we see you ! give I the book ! binx barrel headlong toward the witch . binx this way ! with total trust , dani and allison run after binx . Max slow a bit -- skeptical . Mary hover lowest , hand out , ready to catch binx . ( continued ) '' 50 . continued : mary here , kitty kitty ! binx leap , right into Mary 's wait hand ! no ! he soar over she and disappear into a bramble patch along the wall . dani and allison follow he -- slide under Mary , who 's look after binx -- into the bush and vanish as well . Max see the escape -- run faster . suddenly , Sarah be hover in front of he -- he look back -- billy 's right 's ontop of he ! as billy . 's bony phalange reach for he , Max scream , dash forward , and ... sarah come to momma , you fresh young thing ! ... rip a momentous slide under Sarah and vanish into the bush patch . billy plow full - body into Sarah , knock she into a dizzying series of crazy aerial oop . billy recover and tear away bush . he rip at they so hard , he arm come fly off on the back -rip . he run to get it , revealing that he 's uncover a large hole in the ground . winifred damnable child ! damn thackery binx ! damn he to the dog for eternity ! sarah it be you idea to turn he into a cat , winnie . : winifred sister , puncture thyself and let the air out of thy brain . ( to billy ) down the hole ! after they , rotting beast ! bring they to I dead or ... " dead " ! billy crawl down the hole . Mary air -tumble back to she sister -- she 's dizzy and dishevel . just as she take a deep breath -- she nose tear she off in some direction . : mary sister ! I have a bear ! this way ! 51 . int . sewer tunnel - complete darkness - night C ) a match strike , then : illumination . Max grab a . length of rotting cloth and wrap it around a equally rotting length of wood . dani where be we ? dani I really scared , Max . I wanna go home . max it will be alright , just lemme get this torch light -- he light the makeshift torch , revealing they be under - neath the graveyard . corner of long - bury coffin stick through the dirt . bit of corpse and skeleton hang down . dani hide she eye . Max scream . allison it 's creepy down here ! binx excellent hunt ground . mole * ; and. shrew aplenty . dani mole ... ick. binx it 's not like I can roll up toa drive - through and order a burger , ya know . I get no pocket . can not carry money . footstep in the muck down the tunnel . binx perk a ear : . binx billy . his touch will rot you where you stand . let 's go . ext . sky above salem - witch , airborne - night the witch fly in formation . Mary lead the way -- she nose pull she herky - jerky . it yank she downward toward Salem . it 's zero would in . she rocket toward earth . . ' winifred ( > . they be a million million lantern , — not pyre . the world have grow . ( continued ) i , 52 . continued : mary ( doplerin ' ) I have get they , winnie ! I have get they ! ext . neighborhood STREET - night mary-the-spiraling - meteor crash land like a model rocket in a front lawn . winifre and Mary land nearby . ' they stow they broom and consider the street in horror : mary my nose never lie ! I smell i t " costume " tricker treater everywhere . . sarah : hob goblin ! hundred of they ! mary there be child here ! I swear it ! winifred but , where ? mary everywhere ! ghouly , ghosty , jawa , run by . Mary shudder : sarah I wanna go back to hell ... winifred quiet . I must think . this be very strange ... a group of ghoul ring a doorbell . a adult answer . he drop something in the ghoul ' upheld bag . ext . mr. noonan' house - night the witch hold they skirt as bag . winifre figure out the doorbell . ring it . the door open . devil welcome to hell ! the witch be aghast . Sarah and Mary cringe abjectly . winifre be skeptical . ( continued ) sce continued : 53. mary master ... sarah we beg pardon , we do not know you live here , master ... devil you be the hot hag be have see all night ! sarah/mary oh , master , you be too kind . you be not . bad yerself , sire ! they giggle . winifre silence they with a sharp eye . tweaks it . the Devil winifred we seek three child and a cat . devil this '1l hold ya till you find ‘em . some for you ... ( for Sarah ) one for you . some for you . Love you .schnoz . mary a gift ... willst master come sport with we ? devil later when the Mrs. be asleep . sarah master have take a wife ?! - devil I still fool around . wag he tongue at they and close the door . mary thank below , master be he old self . : sarah riches ! winifre and Sarah consider Mary 's discovery . ( continued ) c o 54 . continued : sarah look ! ' tis the candy - cover finger of a man name Clark ! Mary inhale the petite -for . expecting flesh , she gag . sarah ' tis but caramel ! mary why would master give we candy ? winifre clue in . a little zombie approach . she whip the kid 's mask off . winifred because he be not we master . and this be not hob goblin ! zombie kid hey , butthead , lay off my latex ! mary a child ! I know it ! Sarah try to grab the morsel . the kid blindside she with he candy sack . split . zombie kid freak . winifre haul she sister by the ear as she float to the sidewalk . winifred all hallow Eve have become a night of frolic when everyone wear costume and run amuck ! see they collect candy and ' treat ? see how many child now in Salem Village ? sister , we must brew up some spell at once ! sarah/mary but you spellbook , winnie , T think . winifred -- yes , yes , we need the book . but this be too much to pass by . we can kill two crow with a single stone this night ! do not ye see ?! ( continued ) 55 . continued : C ) no. sarah / mary winifre draw they painfully across the street to the broom . they mount up . winifred you will , sister . you will . the book will wait while we gather child . if it 's . candy they desire , then candy we will give they freely . winifre get a itch . more wax . winifred time grow short . I fear the worst . lead on , sister Sarah , quickly , to the sweet ! the witch take to the sky . int . sewer tunnel - night binx and the kid crawl through a offshoot pipe ... ww int . binx be dig - night ... emerge here , in binx 's 300 - year - old subterranean home . fascinating . everything 's cat-scale . the joint 's self - contain and harbor the treasure of three century . thousands of book , home entertainment ... : the kid be in awe . binx go to the kitty kitchen . | retrieve a can of food . : max | you live here ? binx be it ever so humble . dani but , how would you get all this stuff down here ? binx : couple Brit friend of mine help , eddy and Winston , bulldog . work . like animal . co ) ( more ) ( continued ) '' . 56 . continued : binx ( cont 'd ) ( nudge can ' n ' opener to dani ) would you mind ? I can do it , but it will take a hour . that 's what I miss the most , ya know ? dani what ? binx thumb .~ dani open the can . binx . munch . binx lemme just refuel and we be outta here . : the kid watch binx eat with a spoon . he look up slowly : binx what ? dani / allison / maxk sorry , sorry , sorry . allison what be we gonna do ? max I get it ! they want the book , right ? so -- Max drop the book on the floor . light a match . binx disinterestedly hop up on he " little tyke " barcalounger . max -- we just torch it ! all watch as Max lay the flame to the book . the book blow the flame out with dust ' twixt its page . binx ' tis protect by magic . the book can not be destroy . allison scoff at Max 's attempt . Max grow frustrated : max you coulda just tell I that . ( continued ) 57 . continued : binx no substitute for experience , junior . ( beat ) hey , kid ... I be sorry . it 's just that I have be around the world more time than I can remember , always a year a time , always make sure I be back here every Halloween to prevent all this , ya know ? so naturally you sort of put a bug in my biscuit , ya know ? I just do not want to see what happen to Emily occur again . allison who be Emily ? binx . my little sister . after I disappear , she be never the same . ( pause ) she die a year later . the .kid .are strike silent . dani - we can not never really let them get the spellbook then , huh ? binx we need help . who do you trust most in the world to believe you ? mak my dad . a clamoring echoes in the entrance tunnel to binx 's home . binx it 's billy the bonesman . come on , we gotta move . ext . salem mall - grocery store - night ... blast out of the sky ... rocket across the parking lot ... into the store at Mach - 1 ... oo ) 58 . int . grocery store - night -. slalom late night shopper ... aisle of food , and ... finally come to a broom bend halt at a Halloween candy display : new ! & improved ! " Little candy voodoo crow ! " relieved , Mary let she broom handle go . SNAP ! it slap the " keystone " box . the whole display tumble . mary ( mouthful ) thweet . winifred quickly ! the witch stack they broom bristle with box . they speed out the door ... ext . grocery store - donut shop - night +s. take to the sky once more ... and zip like comet through a 3 - story french crueller on a do nut shop . ext . salem STREET - downtown - night nightowl teenage halloweener tappin ' kegger in they mini-truck . . A. manhole be push open by Max . binx spring out -- immediately catch in a set of headlight . binx ut oh . Max duck . a loud carn horn dopler by overhead . thup !- thup ! doof ! ugh ! and a sqealing yelp . then , silence . Max , dani and allison climb out -- stand look down with sad - dene face ( we do not see Bing ) . dani cry . allison 's hand jump to she mouth . Max 's eye widen . pop ! -- a stick . plunger pull off smooth glass . allison 's chand .. come down . dani stop cry . Max 's eye widen even more . then , thowoopoof ! binx spring to he foot . shake he little head like a cartoon character after a good steam roll : binx I hate it when that happen . dani but -- but -- but -- +. mar -- that car just totally flatten you ! binx it hurt too . ( continued ) 59 . continued : allison that 's impossible . binx improbable , not impossible . binx leap atop a newspaper rack . the kid keep they . spook distance . binx explain under the glow of a street amp : binx when the witch curse would I they give I nine million life . it be not until after the first fifty when my family all pass on that I realize what the wretch sister have really do ... I cannot die ... ext . salem STREET - downtown - night billy the Butcher 's finger lift the manhole cover . a cop '’s bike roar over it . billy 's finger snip off and tumble away . the zombie moan . ext . salem waterfront - downtown - night the kid be make they way towards the waterfront . binx okay ... alright , let 's get move , we can not stand in one place like this -- billy the Butcher 's approach slowly , with that long , scary , dead - guy , wobbly stride . allison this be all you fault ! max what ?! do not blame I for everything ?! I do not make that guy rise from the dead ! binx um , kid ... allison no , but you bring the witch back and they do , so you be responsible ! ( continued ) 60 . continued : max but it be you idea to go up to they house in the first place ! binx " scuse I , guy ... allison God , you be immature ! I do not tell you to light the candle ! yes you do ! binx ah , boy and girl ! we be up to out neck in ... allison it be just a dare , you do not have to do it ! if I dare you to jump off a bridge , would you ?! mak if you dare I ... yeah , I would . binx / allison you would ? max uh-huh . allison you be crazy ! mak you be impossible ! , binx ah ... true love . binx look back -- billy cometh . check the area . they be stick . billy be about to grab the kid ... when bam ! a telephone pole erupt from a corner and blindside billy , knock he into the ocean . Alan and Ben appear , shoulder a big wooden cross . they be wolving candy . mak Ben ! Alan ! BEN / alan maxwell . maximillian . ( continued ) 61 . continued : max thanks , man , we be dead meat . o BEN / alan what be you talkin ' about , man ? max for knockin ' that zombie out with , what be this anyway , this cross ? BEN the ultimate fetish . the night grow dark . we grow scared . we build a cross . the most powerful talisman , render all demon powerless . heavy though . you want it ? alan you gotta get some of this crow candy ! I can not believe how good this be ! binx 's ear perk to this . he 's suddenly extremely suspicious : I binx where do you get this sweet ? max _ where would you get it ? alan some hag be give it out at the haunted House extravaganza . BEN they be give out it free . ( to Alan ) I be out , let 's go get more . alan lead on , dartanian ! Alan and Ben turn to leave , draggin’ they cross . they halt .. turn back . alan / BEN wait a minute ... they look ' twixt Max and allison . ( continued ) 62 . | continued : oc ) BEN / alan _ we hallucinate . ( shocked at they mind - meld ) jinx . ( shocked more ) binx i oh no ... I hope this be not what ' I think it be . ext . hill above salem county annual haunted house - | night ' the gang meet binx , crouch low , look down at the old warehouse convert for the night . binx keep you tail down . down below , the sanderson sister be hand out candy to the hundred of kid in line at the haunted House . the kid run ' round and get back in line for more . two little kide come up the hill suckin ' dah crow . kid # 1 I be out , gimme another . qd binx spring onto the kid 's shoulder . binx hi. Drop it , kid ! the kid drop they candy and run off in terror : : kide rabid cat ! rabid cat ! Max pick up the candy and study it . it 's a crow shape every - last - gob-stopper . bink a crow ? max yeah , it 's a ' Little candy vyoo-doo crow , ' they be a big deal this season . binx damn ! ( continued ) 63 . continued : dani lemme see . allison it 's just cand : binx -- it 's a bewitchment ! a crow do evil 's bid . the witch enchant the sweet , give it to a child , the child sleep and on the morn , he be go . never to be see again . max well , where do they go ? binx to the witch where they perform some heinous curse ! binx scan the many kid take candy . to he . his eye narrow . his ear be rigid cone . allison dani ! she 's eat the candy ! max dani , no ! spit it out ! allison just say no , dani ! Max grab she and give she a jolt to the back with he palm . instead of spitting it out , she swallow it ! dani ut oh . bink / allison ! max I i not ke | it i out ! binx you have seal she fate . ( continued ) 64 . continued : max what ?! what ?! what do ido ?! but , binx be already racing down the hill . binx we_must stop they ! ext . salem county annual haunted house - night forget the set - up , binx just come fly out of the shadow and land square on winifre 's face . he go to town , attack like a rabid animal . winifre reel . halloweener spread out and watch ! they think it 's part of the haunted House act ! Max , allison and dani collect the scatter candy . stuff they in dani 's candy bag . ‘max ( to kid ) gimme all the crow ! they be poison ! some of the kid . obey , other scramble off -- fervently suckin’ on the candy . Sarah and Mary grab dani . sarah ( big sniff ) sweet , like fresh meat ! mary guess who 's come to dinner ?! ... whomp ! allison crown Sarah with a smilin ' jack - of - lantern bucket . candy corn explode like a dynamite pinata ! Sarah and Mary flail forward . they sharp tooth pierce the corrugate metal siding of the warehouse . spark fly as dentin meet aluminum . they be stunne and stick . allison hand the bucket back to the kid she take it from . allison thanks . kid cool . this be way better than last year ! winifre fling binx at the wall . he bounce off , hit the ground , roll and spring to he foot once more . winifre 's a gruesome sight . but , the audience of kid love it -- they applaud ! she change as do Sarah -- a hellhag ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : winifred you will die 8 million time ; each the worse than last ; little kitty -- with fire blast ! winifre hurl a palm -flame at binx and set he afire . binx screech ! Max grab dunk he in a " bobbin ' - for - apple " tub -- put he out . he sizzle . binx we can not hold ‘em , let 's get out of here ! allison grab dani . the kid split . the haunt house audience applaud . winifred . get up you fool ! after they ! to the broom ! Sarah and Mary rouse themselves . they be " normal " selve again -- dopey . the broom fly over . the witch mount - up . winifre consider all the child still munch the little candy voo- doo crow : winifred ( sweet as pie ) see you all real soon , kid ! br-zoom ! they be off . ext . wood - night the gang slow to a walk , binx stop . binx when I see all that kid , all that innocent kid eat the crow ... I think about ... I just see my little Emily in all they face . binx wipe at he eye with he paw . binx they have bewitch the child of Salem and now they mean to take they life . max they be gonna kill all the kid in town ?! ( continued ) o 66 . continued : binx yes . the bewitchment bring the child to they , once there , with the spellbook , the witch conjure a potion to drain child 's life . mak what be we gonna do ? just hide the book from they , like forever ?! binx no . with the bewitchment give out , I would say they mean to take it back tonight . dani I do not feel good , Max . binx the enchantment have begin . to you parent , ! the kid start through the wood . a moment later , overhead ... ext . sky above salem - witch , airborne - night ++. the witch fly slowly , scan the treetop . mary I see no child , only birdy and squirrel ! that remind I , winnie , I be hungry ! winifre smack she . Mary spin ' round and ' round in the air , clutching she electrolux hose . mary my nose do not lie ! they be down there , I can smell they ! ext . town hall - night the town 's annual Halloween party be in progress . the place be pack . adult in elaborate costume hang outside smoking cigarettes and drink beer . Max , allison , dani , and binx approach at a jog . ( ) 67 . int . town hall - continuous action Max , allison , dani , and binx stand take in the noisy , crowded room which be fill with adult dress in bizarre costume . a elvis zombie dance with a two hundred pound geisha . CHRIS isak be play on the SOUND system . this be the one night of the year when the adult population of Salem get to act out they wildest fantasy , and they make the most of it . binx and I think cat be weird . max they be around here somewhere . let 's split up and find they . Max and allison go one way . dani and binx another . on max and allison move through the crowd . suddenly , a pair of white hand clamp around Max 's neck . Max and allison jump . camera pull back to reveal a white - face vampire , in fact , Max 's dad , costume as dracula . max dad ! dave ( speak in a over - baked lugosi accent ) I be not dad . I be dad-cula ! ( see allison ) and who be this charming young blood donor . : mak dad -- allison -- allison -- dad. dave ( kiss she hand ) ummm . type 0 , my favorite . mak dad , something terrible have happen . dave ( instantly ) you sister ! ( continued ) o C 68. continued : max she 's fine !... dad , I know I be a incredible wise -ass , but I really need you to trust I on this one . dave shoot . on dani and binx move through the crowd with binx in she arm . she hear somebody call she name , look . up and see a heavily - make - up woman wear a absurdly tight dress , a frightful look blonde wig , and bright red lipstick . a huge crucifix dangle between two homemade , very pointy , pink cellophane breast projection . dani be horrify . dani Mom ! jenny hi. dani what be you suppose to be ? jenny madonna . obviously . ext . outside town hall - continuous action the witch , follow Mary 's nose , approach through the parking lot . the folk outside pay little attention to they , take they for fellow . partier . back inside - on mak , dave , and allison dave the sanderson sister ? max yes ! dave ( as dad-cula ) I see . max you have get to believe I . ( continued ) ( ) < ) co 69 . continued : dave I believe you , max. ( as dad-cula ) but why be you nose get longer ? on dani and her mom jenny how much candy have you have , honey ? dani I have not u.d.ed ! this be really happen ! : jenny I believe you -- I believe you . | binx | no she do not . dani I know . jenny what ? dant ( indignantly ) I be talk to the cat . jenny oh . binx ( see something ) uh-oh . the girl be here . dani look up and see ... the witch enter the hall . jenny let 's share this with you father . '' but when she look back , dani be go . jenny dani ? the witch split up and move through the crowd , look for the kid . a middle - age woman , costume as glinda from the wizard of 0z approach Sarah . ( continued ) 70 . continued : glinda be you a good witch , or a bad witch ? Mary glower at she for a beat , then let out with the biggest , juiciest , smelliest fart in movie history . miss America , stand directly behind she , pass out , while a indian chief and fidel castro scurry for air space . mary do that answer you question ? back on mak , dave , and allison allison it 's.the - truth , Mr. dennison ! max we swear it , dad . allison swear to God . on dave '' start to believe they . 1 the mayor , dress as Long John Silver , step up to the microphone on the podium . a line of contestant in elaborate costume stand behind he . mayor har har ! shiver I timber ! it be time for we annual costume contest . har har ! dani move through the crowd , look for Max . dani ( in a whisper ) Max ... Max ... mayor ( 0.s. ) har ! we contestant be right here behind I . yer applause will determine we winner . dani look up and see that ... winifre have spot she . mayor ( 0.s. ) so without further ado ... let 's hear it for ... Saddam Hussein ! ( continued ) 71 . continued : as the audience applaud mildly , winifre give a sharp whistle . Sarah and Mary spot dani . mayor ( 0.s. ) the hunchback of Notre Dame ! as the witch close in on she , dani back up toward the podium ... mayor ( 0.8 . ) Julia child . dani leap up onto the stage , and grab the mike from the ' Mayor . Max ! they be here ! the crowd get quiet , as they turn they attention to dani . max oh shit . Max and allison push they way up to the stage , leave Dave very bewilder . dave Max , what the heck be ...? Max take the microphone from dani . max lady and gentleman , this be a emergency ! the crowd become hushed and very concerned . mak the kid in this town be in great danger . allison the sanderson sister have return from the grave ! dani and_there they be ! she point to the sister , who be close in on the stage . ( continued ) cs 72 . continued : the audience , still not sure what 's go on , turn they gaze on the sanderson , who , assume they be catch , bare they tooth and hold out they talon , threaten the crowd like cornere rat . they be very scary , and the crowd instinctively pull back . but when winifre start crackling with electricity , the crowd , take this for a spectacular Halloween put - on , '' eoooh " and applaud appreciatively . close on dave as he relax , laugh , and start applaud . on kide realize no one believe they . winifre look at the stage . but the kid and binx be go . she snarl with frustration -- but suddenly , with a ferocious roar , billy rush up onto the stage . there be a beat as the audience stare at he . the Mayor put he hand over billy 's head , and the audience give he a thunderous round of applause . mayor that 's first place , son ! the Mayor clap billy on the back ... and both he arm fall off . on audience's shocked reaction .. and then they applaud even harder . on dave and jenny applaud proudly . dave ( nearly in tear ) do we have a couple of creative kid , or what ? gosh ! ext . MAIN STREET - moving angle - moment later on Max and allison as they run for it . dani have fall behind . 73 . ext . salem town hall - night the witch mount up . winifred we time grow short . hurry , sister Sarah , sniff they out ! ext . salem - MAIN STREET - night the kid rush back through town . binx pad along a brick wall -- head height with the gang . binx so much for the townspeople . I think it 's safe to say we be now officially on we own . '' mak we gotta just destroy this thing ! allison it 's indestructible . do not you ever listen ? max then what be we gonna do ? binx destroy the witch . the kid look to one another . they be scared . mak how do you destroy a witch ? allison you drive a wooden stake through its heart , of course . dani Gross . binx no disrespect , but this be reality ! if it be that easy everybody would do it . there be only two way , hang they or burn they . mak how're we suppose to get noose around they neck ? binx unlikely . ( continued ) 74 . continued : max then we have to burn they ? binx and the flame must be as hot as the fire of hell . max they will find we wherever we go , right ? ( pause ) then I know where to lead they . allison , take dani home . binx and I will take care of this . dani do not be so macho ! allison ( same time ) we be in this together ! binx one thing I learn as a cat , when it come to a fight , you want the female on you side . max okay . we be a posse . they share a group hug . drive -in movie theater play night of the live Dead ! the dead be overtake the town . the sister fly close to the screen . winifred a encouragement , sister . we brethren be prepare would the way for we even as we speak ! ( meaning the hundred of moviegoer ) and they be defenseless ! see , they merely sit and watch ! ext . moonlit field the kid run away from the camera which pull up to reveal that this be the high school athletic field . the school loom in the distance . the kid be run towards it . es 75 . ext . salem STREET - downtown - night billy 's put he arm back on , right to leave and back to front . he 's at a " don't walk " signal . he just stand there . ext . cromwell school the witch follow the kid ' scent across the field toward the school , which look ominous in the moonlight . sarah ( frighten ) what be this place ? it stink of «+. child . Mary point to several outdoor basketball hoop , loom up in the dark . sarah what be that ? mary Gallows . Sarah and Mary gulp and rub they neck . they be scared . winifred this be a prison for child . mary you be right , winnie . Sarah follow the scent to a window , which have be smashed and open . : mary this be where they enter . sarah ( scared ) I will wait here . winifre and Mary share a look , then grab Sarah and shove she , shriek , in . int . boy ' locker room - moment later the witch creep cautiously past line of locker . mary look . ( continued ) 76 . continued : open a locker . sarah ' tis for the little one . they hang they off this hook , then close the door . this vent let they breathe . Sarah and Mary cackle . int . swimming pool - moment later the witch and billy move past the school 's indoor pool . mary ' tis a drown pool . ( point to diving board ) the victim be force to walk that plank , then they shove he in ! Sarah cackle . Mary stick she finger in the water and taste it . sarah the water have be poison . Sarah titter . int . weight woom - moment later the witch move past the weight and exercise equipment . mary this must be the torture chamber ! sarah ( point to bench ) see , the victim be strapped to this bench ... ( point to heavy weight ) then this weight be put on he chest , until the bone break ! they cackle with delight . winifre suddenly grab they both by the throat . winifred dawdle idiot ! we must find my book before the sun come up ... ( continued ) 77 . continued : camera find binx , crouch just outside the door to the gym , listen in on the witch . winifred T 1 binx find this piece of information curious . binx hmmm . back on witch winifred ( furious ) sarah ( terrify of she ) oh yes , winnie , and you have explain it so succinctly . mary explain what ? winifre jolt they . but a voice suddenly say . binx meow there . binx be sit in the door to the gym , blink at they languidly . binx be you bow - wow up for a little chase ? , winifred get he ! binx scat as the witch mount they broom and go fly after he . int . corridor outside gym - continuous action as the witch come fly out into the corridor . but binx be nowhere to be see . the green school corridor stretch out in several direction . the witch be baffle . winifred where do he go ? ( continued ) 78. continued : sarah who ? bop! mary ( sniff ) that way . her nose point into the ceramic shop . sarah they be in here . the kid ' ( and binx 's ) voice come out of the brick room . the witch rush ... int . ceramic shop - night ... inside and spring upon the kid . winifred now we have you ! oops . the voice come from a walkman . the source of Mary 's smellment be a sock from each of the kid . bink ( v.0 . ) ( from recorder ) but seriously , girl , if you have not realize by now , I would just like to say , thing be about to heat up around here ! just as they realize they have be trick ... binx and Max appear in the doorway outside : max ( clutching the spellbook ) look for this ?! binx lean against the kiln door . it slam shut just as the witch rush for it . they press they face up against the inside of the portal . winifred you_wil ] die 8 million wave , cat you_will rue the day ! wretched snotling , woe will you rue the day ! binx swat the " ignite ! " button . whooooosh ! a ocean of flame fill the kiln . 79 . ext . cromwell high school - athletic field - night ( ) they pull up and stop , see smoke rise from the kiln } chimney . binx hang he head ... 300 year of weighty purpose lift from he shoulder . his eye well up . max binx , you okay ? binx yeah , I be fine . I be good . it 's just -- it 's finally over . binx see the chimney smoke form 3 sinister shape . allison binx ?! what 's happen ?! we just cremate they ! binx I should have guess ! I should have know ! J should have know ! dani /max / allison known what ?! 5 bink tc they can not die . max what ?! binx they can not die , because they be not alive ! they're in transient form on all hallow Eve . not alive , not dead . Spirit only ! winifre 's curse say they would come back when a virgin light the Black flame candle . you do . back they come . for this night only . they seek the book to conjure a potion of life . max what happen if they do not get the book ? binx by the morn they perish ... forever . so say winifre sanderson . but we cannot destroy they . C ) the witch have reform fully now . they plummet . ; ( continued ) 3g 80 . continued : max then we gotta hide ! bink | there be no place where Sarah 's nose will not follow . max then we gotta throw she off the scent till dawn ! ext . salem STREET - downtown - night billy 's still here . " walk ! " billy stride into the . street . " don't walk " flash . billy stop in the middle of the street . ext . neighborhood STREET - night dani I be get sleepy , Max . max just stay awake for a little while , dani , we be almost there . allison where be you take we ? max you do not wanna know , oh no . jay and ernie be shave cream a car . they step in front of Max . ernie ai not it past you bedtime ? max you be a real witty guy , Ernie . ernie hey , buttsweep , read my head ! my name be Ice ! gimme candy . Max give he dani 's bag . dani 's horrify . binx Max , be this the moron that steal you shoe ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : max yeah . Ice , ya know , that cross trainer look a lot better with this jacket . Trade I and I will throw in my Red sock cap , my wayfarer , and this one sock I get leave . dani Max , what be you do ? initially surprised , allison smile and nudge she . ernie throw in the babe , and I will think about it . Jack crack up . allison I will give you each a hug . jay / ernie 1 ( instantly ) deal ! Max switch with Ernie . allison give jay a hug and rub all over he . jay yoouuh ! Babe , do it ! Ernie shove he away . allison hug he real quick . binx rub Ernie 's leg . dani shake hand with they . dani Nice to meet you both . the kid continue down the street . allison where be we go now ? binx my favorite restaurant . ext . behind seafood restaurant - angle on sign - night that read '' parking for cap'n crabb' seafood palace only ! all other will be tow . this mean you , sailor ! " the kid , lead by binx , come into view and approach a large green dumpster in a corner right behind the restaurant . ( continued ) 82 . continued : Fish tail , head , and bone litter the ground around it . binx lap he chop . dani hold she nose . binx deee-lish ! dani pee-yew ! two alley cat leap up out of the .dumpster .. they sit on its rim and lick they paw clean . they have just have a good meal . binx this be my friend , half tail and Love bite . ( confidentially ) , Love bite and I use to have this thing but some french Tom woo she ... ya know the old story . ( leap on the dumpster ) last one in be a smelly dog . dani do we have to ? max think of it as a seafood jacuzzi . binx plunge in , and the kid follow . camera hold on the dumpster as the kid ad - lib gross out reaction . binx ( 0.s. ) ummm . the scrod be fabulous . Love bite , still | lick she paw , hear something and look up . her Pov the shadow of the witch and billy can be see approach - ing , and the murmur of they voice be hear . Love bite meow a warning . binx ( 0.8 ) the witch ! Inside the dumpster the kid can be hear scurrying around , as the witch , follow Mary 's nose , come skulking into view . she follow the scent of the child right up to the dumpster . 83 . mary Pov look straight down into the dumpster , which be fill with fish part , napkin , lobster claw . ( the kid have completely bury themselves in the goop ) . on mary as she reach into the dumpster and come up with ... a fish head , which she nibble on . winifred well ? mary I have lose they . winifred ( whack fish head out of she hand ) idiot ! but then she see Love bite and turn instantly charming . winifred hello , puss puss . Love bite just blink at she . winifred tell I , my pretty , would you like ... winifre put she hand in she magic sack , and pull out ... a live mouse . winifred a nice mouse . she dangle it by its tail in front of Love bite , who lick she chop . Mary would like to eat it herself . and Sarah eye it greedily ; she would like to pull its leg off . winifred have you see three child and a black cat ? Love bite meow in the affirmative . winifred where do they go ? ( continued ) ne '' 84 . continued : Love bite point she tail in the direction the witch come from . returning to she old evil self , winifre hiss at Love bite , frightening she , then drop the mouse , which Mary and Sarah both dive for . sarah /mary ( ad - lib ) it 's mine ... it 's mine ! they bash together , and the mouse escape under the dumpster . winifred imbecile ! the child have double back ! after they ! the witch jump on they broom and fly off . a moment later the kid ' fish cover head peer over the rim of the dumpster . close on binx and love bite rub against each other affectionately . binx thanks , l.b. the kid climb out of the dumpster and stand pick fish bone off themselves . dani be whiny , really miser - able , a seven - year - old who need to go to bed . max it work . allison now what ? binx we need a place to hide until the sun come up . dani ( miserable , whiny ) can not we just go home ? mak ( after a beat ) yes . that 's exactly where we be go . ( continued ) dl 85 . continued : allison be you crazy ? but what will you tell you parent ? max the usual . nothing . ext . STREET - long shot - moment later of the dennison home light by the moon , as the kid and binx run down street towards it . camera pan up to the full moon ... then pan down to ... ext . woodsy area - little later jay and Ernie be walk down a moonlit path , eat candy from dani 's bag . jay wanna smash some pumpkin ? ernie Nah . jay wanna look in window , watch babe undress ? ernie Nah . jay well you make a suggestion . ernie I do not feel so good . jay you eat too much candy , you oinker . suddenly , they look up and see ... winifre , Sarah , and Mary , straddle they broom , stand in front of they , block they path . jay whoa , that be the three ugliest babe I have ever see . ernie if they be any uglier , I would need a eyeball transplant . ( continued ) 7 86 . continued : jay and Ernie crack up . the witch just stare at they . mary naughty boy taste the best . jay hear that ? ( sarcastically ) I guess this be like ... real witch . jay / ernie whoa ! jay and Ernie both make a cross with they forefingers and hold it up in front of themselves . they crack 'up at they own hilariousness . jay out of the way , bag . as one , winifre , Mary and Sarah lift six foot off the ground and just hover there , stare at they . on jay and ernie' reaction as they jaw drop in unison . they share a take , then turn and bolt ... angle on full moon - moment later as the shriek witch fly across the moon with jay and Ernie dangle from the broomstick , wail . ernie mommy ! camera pan directly down to the dennison house . series of shot - in house Max and allison close and lock window ... dani take a container of milk out of the fridge and fill a bowl for binx ... Max close he basement window , pull the shade shut ... allison seal the crack with wet paper towel ... Max select he favorite baseball bat as a weapon . G 87 . int . max be room - little later dani be asleep . binx be lap milk from a bowl . allison sit stare at Max 's room . Max sit stare at allison . Max lean max now all we have to do be lay low until the sun come up . binx you know , Max , you be okay , for a dog person . max thanks . binx hey , give I some face . in and binx playfully swat he with he paw . binx sucker . max I hate cat . binx yeah , sure . ( yawn ) that moo juice hit the spot ... mind if I catch ten on you pillow ? max go for it : binx crawl up next to dani . binx knead he paw , then curl up on the pillow . Max pet he . . binx oh man , you guy be gonna turn I into one of that fat stupid content cat ... have to change my name to muffy , or fluffy . binx purr loudly . max can I ask you a personal question ? binx sure , kid . max '' how many have you use up so far ? ( continued ) ) 88. continued : . . binx what , life , you mean ? max yeah . binx include the buick back there , and the fire thing , 321 . that 's all ? binx even if you try , there 's only so many way to go ? sure would like to , though . see my family again ... see Emily ... just sleep ... forever ... Max stare at the cat . binx fall fast asleep and only he purring resonate in the room . allison ( awkwardly ) Nice room . they stare at each other ... alone for the first time . dave ( 0.8 . ) Max ? you up there ? the moment shattered , Max move to the heating duct grate . mak yeah , dad . dave ( 0.s. ) where 's dani ? -* max down here . she 's asleep . dave ( 0.s. ) oh , good . thanks for take she out , son . I know you do not want to , but you do the right thing . max no problem , dad . dave ( 0.s. ) and hey , that new girl friend of yours ? hubba-hubba . Way to go . " night . ' ( continued ) 89 . continued : Max whip a look over to allison . she 's hear it . max ( sheepishly ) sorry . int . dave and jenny' room - night jenny honey ? dave huh ? jenny do you smell fish ? ext . sky above salem - witch , airborne - night the witch be circle . Sarah 's nose be plumb tuckere . winifred find they ! find they ! sarah I have lose they ! the scent be vanish ! int . max's attic bedroom - night ' allison stare forlornly at binx . Max 's eye divide they time twixt binx and allison . allison he must be so lonely . I wish we could help hin . max I will keep he when this be over . allison for one lifetime . Max fall asleep . allison 's eye drift to the spellbook on the floor . after a considerable amount of indecision , she open it . Max stir . binx roll over . allison there must be a spell to turn binx back into a human . open . ( continued ) 90 . continued : the spellbook open . page riffle . the word be in flux . allison '' that 's why they need the book . the spell change ... the word come together . allison 's hair stream upward -- as if some invisible hairdryer be upturn ' neath she . she be clueless to this . a orange flame would force rise from the book ... collect around the ceiling search - ing for a way out . allison a spell for spread the Black death . a spell for control of mind . a spell for pestilence . demonic possession . raising a Army of the Dead to do thine bid . the flame - force stream into a heater duct . allison a spell of Protection , ' when malice be fear would , a circle of salt protect all who stand inside it from all flesh , live and dead ... " ext . sky above they - witch , airborne - night ... the witch see across Salem City , a home beckon ! ' winifred ! ! back to kide as allison turn the page . suddenly , there be a yowl , and a black paw slam the book shut . binx leap upon the close book , keep it shut . back outside - angle on house as the orange and black flame suddenly go out . back to binx stand on the book . ( continued ) 91 . continued : binx I can not even take a cat nap around here ! allison we be just try to help you . . binx well , you have seal we fate now ! int . dave and jenny' bedroom - continuous action Jenny be asleep . Dave snuggle against she . jenny not now , honey . dave ( still dad-cula ) one little bite be all I ask . camera pan off they to the window , which be open ... jenny ( 0.s. ) you have to go to work tomorrow . dave ( 0.s. ) work ? in the daylight ? do not be ridiculous . ext . max's house - witch land gently . a bony finger poke through the screen in the window , and slowly , silently tear it open . int . ' dave and jenny' room ( through the follow in the b.g. , the witch be see sneaking like mouse into the room through the tear screen . ) Dave be kissing she . jenny please let I go back to sleep . dave ( sing in lugosi voice ) like a virgin , bitten for the very first time ... jenny Dave -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : dave with a blood type , close to mine ... think of the child we could make . Little ... madonnacula ! Jenny giggle . int . max's attic room - night binx look out the window . binx the sanderson sister ... max great , now whadda we do ?!. binx we make a stand here , till dawn . allison then we need salt . binx / max right ! ext . max's bedroom close on the door to the attic as it open , and Max ( armed with he baseball bat ) and allison step out . suddenly , she clutches he arm . max what 's the matter ? : allison the hair on the back of my neck be go crazy . they pass Mom and dad 's close door and disappear in kitchen . int . dave and jenny' bedroom the witch hide at the foot of Dave and Jenny 's bed . close on winifred gaze out at the full moon . ( continued ) C ms 93 . continued : winifred ( a whisper ) spirit of the moonlit sky , make they sleep , until they die . int . kitchen Max take a box of salt from the shelf . allison be still very nervous and scared . max ( read from box , kid ) it say right here , ' form a circle to protect from zomby , witch , and tele - marketing survey . ' we ( a beat ) sorry , I be crack dumb joke again . allison ( very scared ) hey , keep them comin' . max you okay ? allison I dunno . Max take allison in he arm and hold she . allison be nreassure ; this be not the little boy she be with earlier in the evening . max come on . he take she by the hand and lead she up the stair to the attic . ° int . max be room - moment later Max and allison enter . allison oh my God , Max ! the spellbook 's go ! he go to the bed to wake dani . mak dani ? dani , wake up -- ( continued ) 94 . continued : he pull the cover back and winifre 's there . mary ( 0.s. ) trick or treat ! the closet door blast open . Mary come out clutching the spellbook . winifred look for this ?! Sarah come out behind she with a bewitch dani by the arm and hold a squirming sack -- binx be in it . ' allison Max charge winifre with the bat . she open the spellbook . unseen force erupt from it -- it knock Max out cold . allison straddle he unconscious form . spin ' round , ensconce they in a protective circle of salt . Salt splashes Mary 's outstretch hand -- it sizzle and urn . winifred be read I see ... how clever . but it will not save you little friend ! she whistle . the broom soar in . the witch whisk off cackling damnably . ext . sanderson house - roof - night the witch land too fast . int . sanderson house winifred get they prepar would . we be have guest for dinner . sarah we be ? winifred ( belt Sarah ) the child be come , idiot ! winifre open the spellbook , light the black flame candle and hold out she little sack : winifred evil would thing that peck and fly . the hour have come to fill the sky ! ( continued ) co 95 . continued : she open she sack -- hundred , thousand ! of spectral " Little candy voo- doo crow " fly out . alive . the crow be whisk along in the river of conjur would smoke from the black flame candle . ext . various home and room ( salem ) - night the smoke stream carry the crow into home ( include Alan & Ben 's ) . the crow flutter above the child 's bed . the child stir in they sleep , but do not wake . winifred ( v.0 . ) Little one , asleep so sweet , I have more for thee to eat . the child lick they lip in they sleep . the crow i : without waking , the child i leave they room . int . max's basement room - night max ( come ' round ) where 's dani ?! allison they take she . max I gotta get my dad . int . max's house - dave and jenny' room - night Dave and Jenny be there ghostly white ... like corpse . ~ max dad ! Mom ! wake up ! allison this be not sleep , Max . they be curse . look . the window with the screen rip out . the kid walk to the window . in the street , walk like little pajama-zomby be the sleepwalk child of Salem . allison they be summoning the kid ... ( continued ) co 96 . continued : max they have gotta be go to the sanderson house . we gotta stop ‘em ! ext . max's house - neighborhood STREET - night Max and allison grab kid and shake they : max / allison wake up ! wake up ! it 's a trap ! stop ! the kid reel and spin and continue on . allison what be we gonna do ?! max , do not ask I , I can not make the sun rise ! allison yes you can ... come on . can you drive ?? max absolutely ! ext . max's house - few minute later Max and allison get in the family 's station wagon . inside car - continuous action Max sit behind the wheel . allison be in the passenger seat . Max turn the ignition key , but nothing happen . max it will not start ! allison put it in neutral . max right . he do , and this time it start up perfectly . allison light . ( continued ) 97 . continued : Max look around for they . she reach over , turn they on . allison we be a good team . max yeah . buckle up . they buckle they seat belt . Max put the car in reverse . it buck . allison parking brake . max right . he release it . int . sanderson house - night binx be still in the sack , hang off a utensil hook . the witch conjure . the cauldron be once again aboil . Sarah stir . winifre consult the spellbook and add ingredient . Mary take testing poke at jay and Ernie who be suspend in a cage . mary ye need fatten . eat ! wrapper et al , they wolf candy . dani be strapped to the chair near the cauldron exactly as be Emily binx . mary Soup 's on . prepare she . Sarah and Mary fit the funnel over dani . ext . road approaching sanderson house - night Max cut a wild swath across forest and asphalt . be - witched child march up the road . int . dave' car - drive - night Max 's eye be frisbee ! allison Max , watch out ! lo 98 . ext . road - night billy see the impending doom : billy noooo ! int . dave' car - traveling - night boom ! billy 's a bug on the windshield . Max hit the | wiper . slap -slap ! billy 's face go leave / right . int . sanderson house - night the cauldron bubble and splatter . winifred ' tis ready . winifre ladle up a spoon of the glop and step toward dani . bypass she and move toward ... winifred you for dessert . ++. jay and Ernie . stick the ladle in the cage . winifred drink . jay ( beyond bewitchment ) I cannnnn not , I will like blow chunnnnonk ... mary this will perk you appetite ! Mary take a red-hot poker out of the fire and start move it toward the boy ' foot . jay 's empty eye register this -- open he mouth . winifre spill a single drop into he mouth . then Ernie . they instantly start to glow . the sanderson sister gather ' round -- in awe . winifred the light of life . the witch purse they gruesome lip and inhale . stream of the light course into they mouth . the light and life drain from jay and Ernie . they age , and age , and age ... 90 year each . the witch get young . ( continued ) 99 . continued : C ) ernie m ( geezer ) bummmmmeerrrrr . winifred it work ! I have steal they life ! they year be mine ! winifre point out the window , where child can be see sleepwalk toward the house . winifred look ! the child be come ! we will give they the potion and suck the life from all of they . when the sun come up , they will all die of old age , but we will live for a thousand year ! winifred the last great spell will come to pass .. and from the mouth of babe shall we leech the life of > eternity . = sarah / mary 7 ) ( the big deal ) immortal ... the droplet be just about to fall ... when : ext . sanderson house - night Max slide toward the house . kill the light . billy flail off the hood like a stunt dummy ... i int . ' sanderson house - night ... crashes through the front door -- out cold . the : witch spin to see Max in the darken doorway . Beyond i he , the child of Salem be almost to the house . max prepare to die . again . winifred you have no power , you be just a clever little boy . max o there 's a power great than magic , and that 's knowledge . and I know something you do not . ( continued ) 100 . continued : winifred oh ho ho , and what be that , sprout ling ? max daylight savings time ... a almost imperceptible furrow of worry in winifre 's row . max it 's complicated , but basically what it mean be ... the sun come up earlier than normal . a bird be singing outside . out the window , the sun be rise ! the witch turn away from the light in horror . sarah / mary { ! Max grab binx and dani . kick the cauldron over and grab the spellbook . ext . sanderson house - night allison 's play the dimmer switch on the car light , focus at the house window . a " nature " soundtrack from the stereo . the gang split . int sanderson house - night Mary and Sarah be clutching winifre 's leg in terror . sarah /mary please , winnie , save we ! we be too old to die ! winifred let go , ape ! that way be west , the sun riseth in the east ! the " sunrise " go out . winifre float quickly to the window . winifred damn the boy ! he have trick would we once more ! after they ! the witch take to the sky . billy rouse and follow . '' 101 . on old jay and ernie totally out of it . jay hey , man , what 's go on ? ernie whoa ! this hag be bad news ! ext . road to sanderson house - night this time allison speed the car down hill . the witch dive bomb it . Mary crash land on the roof like a 300 pound anvil , dent . the ... int . dave' car - moving - night ... inside all the way to the seat back . dani scream . Max struggle to maintain control . in the moonlight dani see a hundred pajama clad kid , sleepwalk up the hillside . . dani it 's a zombie pajama party ... allison hit the brake ! screech ! the car stop on a dime . Mary vault into the darkness over the hood . Max gun it . another landing . Mary stick she head in the window right next to dani . dani hit the electric window gat wedge Sarah 's nose tightly . Mary can not pull it ree . binx jump into dani 's lap . sarah Nice kitty ... binx you wish . swat ! binx claw the tremendous nose . Mary bellow . her nose slip free . she flail into the wood . Mary 's suddenly in the headlight . allison hang on ! allison gun it . boom ! the car drive over some enormous speed bump . just as they be all feel along - side the car ( like the famous wizard of Oz shot ) . she launch a flame - ball at the tire . they go flat . the car swerve . winifre shoot ahead . o 102 . ext . road - night allison brody the wagon to a stop . the gang jump out . Max fly open the hatchback . not p max where be we ?! binx near the cemetery , I know 2 short cut , this way . ; mak binx , take ‘em there , I will keep she busy . allison / danti Max , no ! mak binx , get ‘em outta here ! binx you hear the man . Max lift he mountain bike outta the trunk . helmet , jacket , glove , goggle . strap the spellbook to the rack . max I will meet you there . go ! binx lead they off . allison dash back for a second . she grab Max and kiss he good . max wha -- wha -- wha -- what -- allison be careful . . max ( full of it now ) hey ! witch ! I get you book ! at the end of the road , winifre cut a neat top gun u-turn rip back toward the kid -- riding Mary 's electrolux . ext . forest - chase ( skycycles in jedi ) - night Max tear along narrow trail . winifre track he . Max pump faster . winifre come neck and neck -- swing at he with the vacuum hose -- connect -- Max wobble , rides.on , ducking tree limb and jump log . then , suddenly ... Max peel off , shoot down a ravine . ( continued ) CO 103 . continued : winifre follow . Max bunny hop a stream , along the step rock , work - ing he bike like a horse . winifre jet over it -- sonic - booming the water ! Max hit the other side and climb toward the forest 's crest . winifre negotiate the tree at 150 mph . she close the gap . Max ride the ridge . winifre be a hundred yard back and close like a bullet . he see she . he bring he bike to a stop . guess where ? top of suicide gorge Max 's pulse soar . he sweat the decision . his finger grip the bar . his thigh grip the seat pad . his hand cinch up the pedal strap . winifre 's 50 yard back , she will be here in second . Max flip he mountain light on . it illuminate the killer drop off : sheer and treacherous . Max swallow . max come on . come on . okay . okay . okay -- off he go ! ( ihe man from snowy River . ) winifre arrive , pull 6 1 / 2 G 's in a 90 degree midair turn and rocket down the ravine after Max . Max slide through 60 degree slope of loose dirt , jump off rock face , slot narrow pass - thrus , and hit the hardpack forest ground . he tear like a madman down the hill . winifre track he . Max split leave -- slalom the tree . winifre go right , joy stick she vacu-broom like Chuck yeager . Max break through and hit the open slope . at the bottom , approach fast , a mountain of fill dirt pile against a wall . winifre direct the vacuum thrust backward and overtake Max . make it to the end of the hill and wait there for he , hover at the top of the dirt rise . winifred ! Max hit the dirt hill , race up it and jump over winifre ! he sail through the air , knock through the pine . 104 . int . salem county cemetery - night Max come out of the sky . crash land in a clear . skid up to binx , dani and allison who be stand safe in a circle of salt next to Emily binx 's grave . max ( goggle up ) hi , honey , I be home . the witch buzz the kid in formation . allison swipe at they with Max 's baseball bat . allison this be hallow ground ! billy the Butcher appear , runnin ' full bore and wobbly at they . the second he foot hit the salten circle ... he howl in pain and ignites like a pile of kindling . hoppin ' ' round , he dissolves from the foot up , until finally he be just . a head , and then ... he be a memory . dani it really work ! the witch hover overhead . Max unstrap the book and belt it to he back like a fanny pack . winifred Boy , give I the book and I will give you everything you desire . power ! wealth ! woman ! allison he 's already get all that ! max really ? . winifred silence , tart ! prepare to die ! sarah but , sister ! flesh can not harm they in the circle -- winifred -- no , not be true , flesh cannot . winifre and she sister be huddle . Max snap a big limb off a tree . Max and allison , back to back . winifre consult she cribbe spellbook . light the black flame candle . ( continued ) 105 . continued : winifred the worm be finish . the maggot do . all that be leave , arise as one ! the kid watch the graveyard ... skeleton arise . binx oh man , where 's a dog when you need one . winifred Bones , fetch my book ! the clatter skeleton surround the kid . they blitz ! Max swing ! connect ! a skeleton blast into 216 piece . another reach for allison , she swing ! connect ! the skull go fly . easy ! but they keep come -- reach , clutching . binx pounce a skull . the skeleton reel . Falls against a tombstone . blow into several section . one arm clutch - crawl toward dani . she scream . binx pounce it . toss it . the other grab he by the tail . swing he around . Max step on it and 9 - iron the fibula . it ghatter . binx. go fly . he scramble back to the ray . Max and allison blast skeleton after skeleton into shatter rain of bone fragment . 2 ?! well , ' i and not always in the right config . skull on arm socket . hand to neck , pelvise to clavicles ... 1 a set of phalange grab binx 's throat . he struggle . dani try to pry they off . no good . she do the only thing she can think of , she bite the arm . the skeleton wail ! . binx scramble up a tree . Max reach back to swing at the skeleton hold allison . another skeleton rip he bat away . the skeleton army thoroughly infiltrate the salten circle . one of they grab dani and lift she high above head . another secure Max . dani lemme go , bonehead ! winifre and sister howl in victory . a skeleton take the spellbook , toss it up to winifre . all go quiet as the clatter of bone stop . winifre look down with evil superiority at Max : ( continued ) 106 . continued : winifred who will have the last laugh now , little boy ? go to hell ! winifred be there . and i_ jike it . suddenly , a roar from the tree top . binx attack winifre in a fly whorl of gnash tooth and claw . winifre howl . she rip binx off she face . with a inhuman scream , she hurl he to the ground . binx hit Emily 's gravestone and lie still in a break heap on the ground . max binx ! no ! winifre rifle through the spellbook . mary eat they now , kill they later ! Max tear away from he skeleton . another step in front and boogy he . Beyond fear Max snatch the skeleton 's skull by the eye and nose hole and crack it off its vertebrate base . the headless body stagger round . Max reach back for all he 's worth . chuck the skull at ... winifre . brain she ! the skull shatter ! she plummet . sarah /mary winnie ! Winniefred hit hallow ground . a beat . nothing happen winifred and now you die a hundred thousand horrid death at once , ! and I will wallow in each and every one ... winifre take one step toward Max ... somewhere close , a windshield " spider " into a million tiny fracture . winifre look down at she dress , the fabric be turn the affliction run from she foot up in a rapid crawl . something sprout from she back -- she strain she rocken head ' round to see ... ( continued ) o 107 . continued : ++. stone wing . winifre 's talony claw clasp together involuntarily . just before she terrify shriek fade from she lip and she be lose to stony death altogether ... '' + . Max flip she off . winifre have become a sepulchral angel engrave with this ' inscription : " winifre sanderson . bear 1617 ... hange 1692 ... die 1992 . " sarah / mary they ! the skeleton crumble into pile . a11l of they , one by one , disincorporate and stack up . the witch grow fearful . a bird sing . the sun be xising . Sarah and Mary open they mouth to scream , but they be cut short by the first ray of dawn break through the tree . i to dust and be blow away on a pass gentle breeze . two broom and the electrolux drop harmlessly to the ground next to the spellbook , which vaporize in a dusty cloud . the kid lock down at binx . mak binx ?... binx , we do it . they be go . binx ? allison lay she hand on the cat . allison he 's go , max. , dani ( cry ) but he can not die ! max right , he can not die , that 's what he say ... I do not want he to die ! allison comfort dani . Max run he hand over binx 's still form . max ( teary eye ) come on , binx ... you get eight million more to go . you say . come on , do not die . ( continued ) 108 . continued : voice ( v.0 . ) hey , guy . the kid look up to see the transparent figure of a boy , float in the air . dress in the same clothes he be . on that fateful night in 1692 , he be the spirit of -- thackery binx who have finally get he wish . max binx ? thackery thackery binx . hey , . what be I do down there ? my paw ... they be hand ! he try to clasp they together but they pass right through one another . dani do you see that ?! he 's a ghost ! thackery oh my gosh ! oh my -- I be , I be a spirit ! I can not believe it ! 7 1 t I be dead ! the spirit - binx whisk and jet about the treetop . he soar back and hover before he friend : what happen ? thackery when the witch be destroy , so too be all they spell and cruse ! ( as they be cry ) hey , guy , come on , do not cry for I ! dani but you be dead ! thackery well , I have never feel more alive ! I be free ! I be finally free ! I can not wait to see my family ! ( beat ) I will tell they all about you , I promise . ( continued ) 109 . continued : allison we be gonna miss you , binx . thackery hold still a moment . thackery this be the only hard part about the whole thing ... say good - bye . ( pause ) I will miss you all too ... very much . I hope you do not think this be too weird to say , but do not feel sad , because someday we will all see each other again . you can count on it . thackery float down to Max . thackery 's smaller . max I can not believe I get all that advice from a guy young than I . thackery here 's one last thing ... he that leaveth nothing to chance will do few thing ill , but he will do very few thing . live life , Max . do not be afraid of anything . max I will not . thackery oh , one last thing ... love conquer all . mak I know . thackery extend he hand . he and Max shake , as best they can . thackery good-bye ... the spirit shoot quickly into the morning sky and vanish from view . dani look back down and find ... the cat be alive . dani binx ? max guess he still have one leave . ( continued ) 110 . continued : dani can you talk ? the cat meow . dani ( hug he ) that 's okay . allison grab Max and haul he close . max / allison ( simultaneous ) thanks for save my life back there -- ( beat , both ) pinch - poke , you owe I -- they kiss . ext . sanderson house - dawn a hundred sleep kid yawn , rub they eye , wake up and react to the fact that they do not know where they be or how they get there . several kid burst into tear . many more cry , " mommy ! " Alan and Ben seize the opportunity . alan / BEN everything 's 's alright , come on kid , we will get you home . this way . int sanderson house - dawn jay and Ernie , they youth restore , hang in the cage . jay the last thing I remember be , like , this really big spoon or something . a really ugly babe . and a vacuum cleaner . what 's it all mean , man ? Ernie suddenly burst into tear . ernie I dunno , I wanna go home , I promise take candy from kid or shave name in my head no more ! ext . neighborhood street ( salem ) - dawn Alan and Ben shepherd the child of Salem down from the hill and back to they home . ( continued ) 111 . continued : they stride slow and dignify , like prophet . Parents rush from home and hug kid . : alan we have deliver they unto you from the mountain . BEN that 's Ben corwin and Alan schotznick ! remember the name , Ben corwin and Alan schotznick . int . max's house - live room - day the front page of the Salem Daily prodigal : a photo of a stone angel . various headline read : night of the pajama - Zombies ! hundred of sleep kid Gather at witch House mysterious gravestone appear traumatize local boy found in cage hoax or hysteria ? Parents baffle dave it 's a cult thing jenny there be no cult in this town . Max , allison , binx and dani lounge watch tv news max every station . I can not believe that guy . they be take credit for everything ! allison so what , who 's ever go to believe they ? Ben and Alan be all over the television : alan yes , that 's true , Ben corwin and I , do deliver the child of Salem from the clutches of evil . BEN the storey be true , the sanderson sister do come back from the dead . and we do banish they . ( continued ) 112 . continued : alan luckily , Salem have Ben corwin and I , Alan schotznick , to do battle with the ultimate force of darkness ... o BEN yes , we life hang in the balance . however , for the child , we carry on valiantly , under powerful fetish protection ... for the immediate future , I plan to be on the talk show circuit promote my new book , erepare thyself , the end-is near , by Alan schotznick . BEN I plan to run for office ... binx look up . he wink . fade out .