hold the dark base on the novel by William giraldi write for the screen by macon Blair 12.10. 15 a24 / vision Chaos production / addictive picture bonneville film this appear on black screen : o unteachably after evil , but uttering truth . - Gerald manley hopkins ext . the alaskan frontier - day sunlight , as bright and sharp as a blade , slice down on this moonscape of snow and ice . feel the cold in you tooth . the wind make a faint flute-sound and all else be silence . in the distance sit god-size hill , hazy and dream-like . and spread before they , abutte a black bristle of tree ... a village . just a handful of building , look like toy block drop onto a clean white quilt . super : keelut , Alaska . how do people even survive out here ? and why ? ext . behind the slone cabin - day not so much a backyard as a expanse between the distant treeline and a roughly - hewn log cabin , smoking chimney and mossy wall , a soft rhythmic wump wump wump lead we to ... a boy ( 7 ) , kneel to pack a small mound of snow . wump , wump , wump . he look swollen in he pillow coat , work a well - use army man into the mound . his name be bailey . his nose run , he breath clouding before he face , he 's wholly focus on this very serious work until ... he look up . see something . freezes . a wolf . just emerge from the tree . motionless . yellow eye fix on Bailey , she own breath steaming . she 's huge . on bailey , see from behind , look out at the wolf , only forty foot away . watch he in silence . int . slone cabin - twilight a tea kettle on a wood stove alllmost whistle but a female hand lift it out of frame as we begin to ... drift through the space , catch the detail . Three room with a small kitchen area . a low insulate ceiling with plastic sheet duct tape over the window . a pair of fur - line boot , knee -high and heavy , wait by the front door where a ar - 15 rifle be propped in the umbrella stand . a child 's .22 rifle lean in the corner . a cb radio hang from a peg next to the closet door with a padlock on it . no phone that we can see . there 's a ratty couch with unfold laundry on it . a sooty fireplace smolder with a compound bow hang above the mantle . and like a afterthought , a crude mask rest on the mantle , make of driftwood and pelt . a wolf face . we find the woman , sit very still in a threadbare chair , wear a thick wool sweater , a untouched cup of tea in she lap . her name be medora slone ( 30 ) . underf , distant , with strike white - blond hair and pale , grey - gold eye . she 's just stare . at nothing , it seem . the wind keens faintly outside . the house creak . finally , she look up . ext . rear door - slone cabin - same the heavy door open inward and medora peer out , hugging herself against the cold . int . rear door - same over she shoulder , out there : that snow mound Bailey be make . and the action figure still stick into it . but no Bailey . no nothing . just the field of white , the fade daylight all the way to the darkness of the tree . CUT to black . in blackness , a wolf howl carry from some far unknowable place ... but then morph into a droning electric buzz ... int . kitchen - core 's home - night which be a microwave , a tv dinner turn inside until it beep ! and male hand gingerly remove it . int . MAIN room - core 's home - night a painting of a wolf , a amateur work . from 0.s. , we hear a man , apparently leave a voicemail message ... man' voice ( 0.s. ) hi , sweetheart . uh. it 's I . again . there be in fact several wolf painting here . dozen . different angle and setting but ... the same animal ? man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I would hear you get associate , huh ? I read that , Northern Light have a blurb on it . tenure committee get one right , at last . heh . I be uh ... I be so proud of you . we drift over the desk and computer , book and paper hoard neatly . titles like canis lupus migration Study , american nature Journal , Arctic grey in decline . a academic 's lair . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I know you be busy , but ... I hope we will talk sometime . you can call whenever . I hope uh ... here 's a photo of a young beard man in muddy camp gear , grin hugely , a caption on it : Yellowstone , 1979 . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) anyway . I be go to see you mother tomorrow . she send she love . we find he in he overstuff recliner , the tv mute , he microwave dinner on a tray . his name be russell core ( 5as ) , the guy from the photo . but there 's silver in he hair now , more in he beard . this be a tired man . he carry ghost . core and ...so do i. he hold the phone to he ear a beat longer ... and hang up . aim the remote , turn up the news a bit : Iraq , circa 2004 . tv news voice ..- while Coalition force advanced on the town of falujah under heavy fire ... but core be not really watch , be he ? int . bathroom - night core sit in the steaming bathtub , the water to he chin . stare at something . grimly contemplate it . a razor blade . resting there on the edge of the tub . wait . he stare . take a deep breath for courage . or maybe defeat . and reach for the blade ... his drip hand hover over it in sudden indecision . the moment extend . until ... he retract he hand after all . leave the razor there . exhales and look away . ext . rest home - wallowa , oregon - day it 's bright and sunny . not the cold - diamond sunshine of keelut but sunshine with some actual warmth . tree be green . corex compact car pull up , park , and he head inside . int . reception hallway - rest home - day as core pass the Christmas - decorate desk , the young nurse in a Santa hat give he a small , sweet smile . core hi , Kelly . nurse hi , Mr. core . she 's have a good day . he smile back , as best he 's able . int . core 's wife 's room - rest home - day a woman' hand , gnarled into a freeze claw on a hospital bed . it 's core 's wife , she mouth agape , eye clamp shut to give the impression that she 's perpetually moan . but she 's not , of course , she 's be paralyze and unconscious for year . core sit bedside she , read a novel . he bite a candy cane , the crunch ! like a bone break in this quiet room . a soft , involuntary glottal noise gurgle in he wife 's throat . he look up at she for a long beat but , when no other sound come , he return to he book . int . foyer - core 's home - day the pile of mail on the welcome mat be push aside as the front door open and core 's lightweight hiking boot step in . he hang up he windbreaker , drop he key , bend with a grunt to collect the mail , pause then to look at he -- answering machine , with ' 0 's message wait for he . which be deeply disappoint . int . MAIN room - day core settles into he recliner , thumbing idly through the mail until ... this one letter in particular . keelut , AK , read the return address . a childlike scrawl . confused , he open it , unfold the single page , begin to read . and the color drain from he face . macro on the letter , we be read it , ' dearmr core , three day ago my son bailey be taken by wolve 's even as we hear -- medora ( v.o. ) dear Mr. core , Three day ago my son Bailey be take by wolf . he read , horribly spellbound ... medora ( v.o. ) this happen twice already here . I try to track they but could not . no one in the village will hunt they . I be alone here now . I have read you book . I know you have do this before . in my heart , I know that you be able to do it now . I do not expect you to find my son alive . but you could find he bone and maybe slaughter the wolf that take he . my husband will come home from the war soon . I must have something to show he . I can not just have nothing . I know you have sympathy for this animal . please do not . come and kill it to help I . my son 's bone be in the snow . he sit there , surround by all that painting . medora ( v.o. ) sincerely yours , medora slone . a stunne , silent beat . he refold the letter , set it aside . and look away . int . bathroom - day core 's hand , scrubbing vigorously under the sink . in the mirror , core blot he brow , find he own anxious eye for a moment . take a deep breath and then , oddly ... a man with luggage pass behind he . oh . he 's not at home . int . portland airport - day core emerge from the men 's room with he small roll suitcase , head towards the bustling check -in counter . int . SMALL airliner - night jet noise drown everything as we find core in a window seat , doze . his eye slit open and , vaguely disorient , he gaze out at the dreamy purple sky . and he 's hold medora 's letter , fold into quarter . dissolve to : int . airport - night core move through this minor almost - empty hub , pass some hunter head the other way . int . car rental desk - airport - night core fill out paperwork as the sullen clerk provide key . core four wheel drive ? clerk ( ‘of course 's ) yessir . core and uh ... gps ? clerk where you head ? core keelut . clerk gps will not work out there . here ... ( pass he a map ) ... this one the more accurate one . core regards the map and ... ext . road out of town - dawn core 's rental suv drive away on a salt - crust strip of road that run to infinity , brown - white tundras spread to either side . the sky be a ominous golden -pink , like a great invert bowl refracting weird light . the truck grow small beneath it . int . / ext . rental suv - remote alaskan road ( various ) - day core drive one -hande , uncertainly consulting the map and scan for landmark . scan for anything . the SUN remain low in the sky . Long shadow , fewer building to be see , much more snow . he see distant shape of caribou move along freeze water . he see whirl of snowy wind , miniature sideways tornado . he see a lone figure in a dog sled whisk across the plain , draw by a bound team of huskies . he drive onward . medora 's fold letter ride shotgun . ext . filling station - day from afar , we see core approach a trucker at the pump . closer , core show the map , point questioningly to a certain point . the trucker look at it ( check that eagle tattoo over he eye ) , shake he head , chuckle wetly . int . rental suv ( moving ) - day this road be unpave and snowy , so core drive slow , hunch over the wheel . drift like seawall rise on either side . he slow now , squinting -- through the windshield at the road curving upwards into a hilly wooded pass , seem to disappear before he . with a frustrated hiss he re-check the map . useless . he wipe he fogge - over window , scan as he drive -- wait . he stop suddenly . ext . remote road - same the suv back up , pause beside a tree with a small rectangular something nail to it . core roll down he window for a better look at ... the fade , hand - paint wooden sign . '' keelut . '' ext . keelut - day a totem pole rise into the sky : the carve face of bear , owl , dog , and devil keep solemn watch over all . below it we find illanaq ( 80s ) , look out in watchful expectation . filthy anorak , long braid hair . she 's yup’ik , the indigenous people of keelut . core 's rental suv appear slowly up the main ( indeed , the only ) road of keelut , pause now below the totem pole . he roll down he window , call up to she ... core Excuse I ... she just stare at he . core ( cont 'd ) the slone cabin ? her crack - leather face split into a smirk and ... illanaq ( gesture ) at the end . core nod thanks , but warily , and drive on . illanag watch he go . int . / ext . rental suv ( moving ) - keelut - same the truck jounce on the rocky ground . core scan the village , little more than two row of building and the road between . nobody 's out that do not need to be . he see : a-frame and sturdy cabin , solid and stubborn , every chimney work , radio antennae spike from every roof . Animal skin tack to door and stack of cordwood close by . snow-mobile and chain - tire truck with electric blanket drape over they engine , nose into massive muddy drift . plywood kennel for team of huskies chain by they sleds , indifferent to the cold , gnaw on bone . a few yup ’ik kide dart across the road , shouting . a tall yup ’ik man ( 30 ) , he long hair draw back into a ponytail , unload supplies from he truck , scowling at core as he pass . there 's a church , a schoolhouse , a wooden water tower and a sorry - look pub . the generator shack grumble and smoke . pure functionality and self-reliance . Zero gloss . and now he see it . up ahead at the edge of keelut , almost outside of keelut ... the slone cabin . ext . slone cabin - continuous the road end . he park and glance around before wading through knee-high snow up towards the cabin where ... a rusty red truck be park . caribou antler hang over the door . maybe a welcome , maybe a warning . as he get closer ... the door open . medora slone appear , uncertainly , hold a dog-eare paperback book to herself . a moment , the two of they look at each other across the distance to she door . from over medora 's shoulder , we see she lift the book , consult the author 's photo on the back : it 's that Yellowstone picture we see in core 's house . 10 . and just beyond it , there 's core in the flesh , but stoop slightly and breathe hard as he approach . int . slone cabin - day the kitchen table be stack with dish of food villager have bring : caribou soup , fry bread , pie and can fruit . core sit by the wood stove , a fresh cup of tea in he hand . he look up from that heavy fur - line boot in the corner to stare uncomfortably across at -- medora , who sit on the couch , straight - back , unblink . medora I do not think you have really come . when I write you I be ... I guess I be go to try anything . core I be uh ... I be very sorry about you son , Mrs. slone medora ( be : book ) canis lupus . core yes , mar ’am . medora '' apex predator . '' what 's that mean ? core it mean they have be around a long time and know how to hunt better than we do . medora you have come to kill it ? to kill the animal that take he ? core I come to help if I can . to explain this if I can . medora the explanation be we be curse here . the only help be to kill it . core I be just a writer . 11 . medora you have hunt and kill one before . that 's what you write . he wince at that statement , it actually pain he . she hand he the book as if to say , see ? he turn it over ... core where would you find this ? a Year among they , it 's call , wolf on the cover . medora it find I . I do not know how . it be just here one day . say that in the same tone as , at the bookstore . he reset . core you mention he bone . she look down , brow furrow , chew she lip . think . medora I be think they would show after breakup . you know ... the thaw . she stare off at the rifle in the corner , unsee .. medora ( cont 'd ) I would have kill the thing myself , if I could have find it . goddamn demon . goddamn murderer . I try to find it . core shake he head gently , set he tea down . core the pack could be eight or ten member . you do not want to find that . they stare at each other a while , until core notice something , and she turn to see what he 's look at ... that crude wolf mask , forget there on the hearth . medora a shaman 's mask . someone bring it here . ( back to core ) can I ask you a personal question ? ( off he nod ) do you have a child ? 12 . core a daughter . in anchorage , she teach at the university . medora a teacher like she father . core I be no teacher . maybe I could have be but ... she 's good at it . she want to be a alaskan . medora that city 's not Alaska . something in she tone there , something dark . medora ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) do you have any idea what 's out that window ? how black it get ? how that black get into you ? let I tell you Mr. core , you be not on Earth here . core ( rattle by that ) but ... this be you home . medora I be bring here when I be a child , that make I not from here . core from where ? medora I do not remember . I never ask . ( beat , out the window ) I do not understand what they be do here . core who ? medora wolf . core they live here . 13. medora ( gesture , this cabin ) but I do not understand what they be do here . why be this happen to I ? why now ? core they be hungry , mar ’am . no one 's curse . it 's just biology . she lean back from he word . insulted , perhaps . core ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I do not know why this be happen to you . ( beat ) do you husband know yet ? medora Men be suppose to call he . I can not tell he while he 's there . he ’1ll see what have happen when he come home , what we have do , what no one be able to stop . core why would not anyone hunt they after what happen ? you say ... two other child be ...? medora they be afraid . or they think we deserve it . core I do not understand that . medora stay here a while . you might . he struggle for the next thing to say . it take he a bit . core you be not alone . medora yes , I be . come , I ’1ll show you where the child be take . as she stand , she look sourly at he foot ... medora ( cont 'd ) be that you only boot ? 14 . core this be what I have . medora you 'il need better boot . ext . edge of keelut - day core now wear the heavy fur - line boot , tromping through the snow with medora , behind the village . they crunching footfalls be like a heartbeat . k-knch , k-knch , k-knch . they pass by heavy equipment keep behind cabin : overturn canoe , gas auger to drill lake ice , shovel and chainsaw . but hill and the forest sweep before they , eerily majestic . core it 's beautiful . medora you do not understand . core but you be happy here ? you be ? medora that 's not a question I ask myself . I see picture in magazine , vacation picture with sand and girl in bathing suit . seem so strange to I . ( gesture into the wood ) there 's a hot spring , not so far , a few hour walk . that 's as close as I can get to warmth . core a hot spring sound good right now . medora ( absently ) good place to get clean . he wonder at she until near engine noise prompt he to look out at ... a white -haired yup ’ik man and he young boy rumbling by on a snowmobile in low gear , both with rifle , pull a dead moose calf on a sled . pass in a powdery swirl , they stare at core. 15 . ext . frozen pond - day as medora and core crest a low rise and inch sideways down towards the ice ... core you meet you husband in this village ? medora I never meet he anywhere . I know he my whole life , I do not have a memory he be not in . something bitter come into she voice , hiss almost -- medora ( cont 'd ) and he leave I here with a sick child . core well ... the war . medora someone on the radio say it 's not a real war . core it 's real enough . people be die . medora he say he have never leave I . word can not be worthless like that . they stop there and she point out across the pond . medora ( cont 'd ) that 's where the first boy be take . out there , snowy wind skirl over the surface of the pond , the wood beyond loom in shadow . medora ( cont 'd ) after that , they have man with rifle on the high point . and they walk the child to school . but it do not matter for Bailey . ext . SMALL hill - dusk medora and core stand atop the hill as the day fade into greyish half - light . 16 . medora the second be a girl , here . cheeon 's daughter . she be sledding and the wolf come from behind she . core glance behind they , then up at the disappear sun . core from the North , again . ( back to she ) do cheeon live nearby ? medora yes . my husband 's friend . core do you suppose I could speak with he ? she make a noise , a unhappy little snort . medora no . I do not suppose you could . so core try to move on from that ... core do uh ... do Bailey like to sled ? medora no . he be not the right one . core I be ... not sure what that mean . but it 's like she do not even hear he . just stare out . core ( cont 'd ) you say he be sick ? medora he stop go to school after my husband leave . core that sound normal . medora there be nothing normal about my son . 17. core I just mean ... my daughter go through that when she be Bailey 's age . she flinch , look away . core ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . that 's not what -- medora stop apologize to I . ( back to he ) how do it feel to shoot that female wolf ? core I have no choice . but it feel very bad . medora even though she would take a child , too ? ( off he reluctant nod ) because you think it 's the natural order ? he choose he word more carefully . core they be not what you think , Mrs. slone . wolf attack people , that 's not ... what happen here do not happen . medora what happen here happen to I . she turn and trudge off . he stand there a moment , look down the hill where all that sled track crisscross and interlace . int . slone cabin - night core sit by the stove , slurping the last of some hot soup , mop the bowl with fry bread . as he set it aside ... medora appear before he , hand he a cigarette and match , and then a chocolate bar . she watch as he light the smoke , take a drag , have a bite of chocolate . savore all of it . 18 . core ( be : the cigarette ) I would quit when my daughter be bear but ... medora will she expect you home soon ? core ( sadly admit ) I do not know what she expect of I this day . she glance at the wedding band on he finger . medora what about you wife ? he seem to notice it for the first time . smile sadly . core she 's alright without I . she consider he for a beat , and then ... medora I have a quilt and pillow for you . I can see you be tired . I ... I can not pay anything . core oh , the chocolate 's fine . but that intend deadpan humor be totally lose on she , she just blink at he . so he try gentle sincerity instead -- core ( cont ’d ) it 's not important . she regards he curiously a moment and ... medora good night , Mr. core . he watch she drift away and close the bedroom door . click . int . slone cabin - night , later the electric heater tick , glow infernal orange in the dark . from somewhere else , a voice . barely audible but ... angry . on the couch , curl under a heavy quilt , core blink awake . what be that ? he look to -- 19 . the bedroom door , open just a crack , spilling light . he get up , cross the room in he thermal , lean in so a slice of light fall over one eye as he see -- into the bedroom , where medora sit in the steaming bathtub , purposefully scrubbing she back with a hard brush . her skin be rubbed raw and she mutter angry , unknowable word . ashame , core drop he eye and back away . he return to the couch , get under the quilt and roll over to face away from the bedroom . but then ... he hear the door open . hear quiet footstep in the room . roll back over to see ... medora , glisten wet , naked by the window , tear away the plastic so the room now swell in ghastly blue moonlight . she turn to face he . she have the wolf mask on she face . he stare at she a long moment , terrify and heartbroken and utterly unsure what to do . she remove the mask , drop it carelessly . go to he . pull the quilt back , slip under the cover , face out . he try to give she space but there 's nowhere for he to go . she pull he arm over she , above the cover . so he hold she like that , two spoon , unable to see the way she stare out at the moonlight . pleadingly ? it 's not sex , just warmth . but then , slowly , she guide he hand up to she throat ... and hold it there . tightly . like willing he to squeeze as she tear spill in silence . together , they gaze out the window ... ext . behind the slone cabin - night pulling out from the window until we find ... a man , very still . just stand there , a way back from the cabin . his cigarette flare , the brief glow revealing he face . it 's the yup ’ik man we see before , the tall one with the ponytail . his name be cheeon . watch the cabin from the darkness . fade to black . in blackness , the faraway crack of exploding shell and ... 20 . ext . desert road - iraq - day a CITY burn in the distance . a horizon of jag smolder tooth , great slow plume of smoke climb into the sky . tilting down until the faceless face of a soldier fill the frame . in he goggle and dust mask he look insectile , alien , man the .50 cal turret atop a speed humvee . the whole world vibrate . vrrrrrrm . up ahead of they , appear for millisecond then disappear again in gust of road dust , a fleeing pickup truck . glimpsis of head - wrap fighter in the back . the humvee accelerate . the soldier sight along he .50 . up ahead , the truck swerve and fishtail , flip and roll . surreal , because we can not hear it happen , but we see body fly away from the tumble wreck like doll . the humvee screech to a halt ten yard out . the overturn truck ignites into flame . do not explode , just burn . a burning man scramble away from the wreck , wave he arm . the soldier track he for a beat , two beat , and then -- braaapt . the .50 roar , chop the man down , cleave limb as if with a invisible axe . tracer round like burn thread . another man stagger towards they out of the smoke , bleed , moan soundlessly , wildly firing he kalashnikov . ping ! ping ! shell ricochet off the humvee , the soldier pivot , fire a prolong blast . braaaaaaaapt . destroy the man , sweep the area , chew the truck , end it . in the ensue smoke -swirl silence , a grinning corporal hop out of the humvee , trot towards the spread of carnage . the .50 soldier lower he mask , lift he goggle to reveal a pair of blank pale eye . this be vernon slone ( 27 ) , lithe and powerful , calmly lighting a cigarette as -- out there , the corporal kneel over a child - size body , adjust it , bring something out of he pack ... slone smoke . watch . out there , the corporal take a grin selfie with he camera , flash the peace sign , pose with the corpse . 21 . slone smoke . watch . ext . MAIN STREET - iraqi CITY - day smoke . rubble . Post -battle chaos . heavy armor move through . slone stalk along : helmet , body armor , m-4 carbine at low ready . ext . alleyway - continuous he turn down this narrow passage , alert , search . he pause , like sense the air . hear something . move . int . bombed - out build - same a soft whimper and a grunt , some kind of struggle out of focus in the foreground as slone appear in the doorway . that same corporal have he pants down , thrust himself into a iraqi woman bent over a desk . unh , unh , unh . from across the room , the woman make terrify eye contact with slone , who have no reaction at all other than to briefly double - check out the doorway and then -- bam . shoot the corporal between the shoulder blade . he spill off the woman , gasp and bleed on the floor . the woman scuttle back , more terrify now . trapped . expressionless , slone draw he ka - bar knife , step forward . she inhale to scream but ... he hold out the knife to she , handle first . she 's astonished . shake , she take it . he tip he head towards the corporal . nod . ext . alleyway - day tracking back with slone as he walk calmly but briskly away . ext . MAIN STREET —- continuous tracking he as he return to the churn of activity , vehicle and soldier wiping the background . he keep move , unperturb , though the din of this place be suffocating . still tracking he , a long shot , all the way down the block as the noise build to a feverish intensity until - - 22 . pop . all SOUND cut out as a dime - size hole suddenly appear in slone 's neck with a mist of red . we stay with he as he collapse , semi-conscious , bleed . in the background , we glimpse soldier firing at the unseen sniper , other rush up to slone . all in total silence . he just lay there , blink glassily as we ... flash to : bailey only a few frame of he , a wisp , stare at we with he faintly blue skin . resume : as the other roughly lift he out of frame , slone seem to be try to say something . int . helicopter tarmac - day tight on slone as SOUND come back , he eye flutter open , he neck now thickly bandaged , dry blood in he blond hair . a medic be wheeling he on a stretcher , urgent and confuse activity all around , wind and shout and helicopter rotors . medic ( shouting over the noise ) slone , you lucky fucker ! slone ( a weak rasp ) ... b- Bailey ? medic you will see he soon , buddy ! you be go home ! the medic thrust slone 's paperwork to a harry transpo officer as slone be load into a wait medical copter and he 's already lapsing back into unconsciousness ... fade to black . in blackness , a terrible ripping noise ... 23 . int . slone cabin - pre-dawn which be medora pull off a length of duct tape , which she then wrap around the barrel of the ar - 15 . across the room , core again pull on slone 's heavy boot . medora open a duffel , unpack a caribou - hide suit : a thick and heavy one - piece cover , like a hood poncho . she present it to core as weak light simmer outside . ext . back door - slone cabin - pre-dawn core step outside in the caribou suit , a pack and the ar - 15 sling over he shoulder , snowshoe on the big boot . behind he , medora cinch she robe . a light dusting of snow be fall . core look up at it , shudder ... core so much for ' too cold to snow . 's medora what 's that mean ? core just something I hear . medora it 's never too cold to snow . ( glance up ) there 's something wrong with the sky . he give she a look , consult the compass he 's hold in he thickly -gloved hand . North , the needle show . he nod to she . she nod back . and ... from afar , we see core trudge away from the cabin , towards where that wolf come from , and medora disappear back inside . ext . wood at the edge of keelut - dawn core move along , head down , make good time . but slow as he see something ahead ... glimpse through a spiderweb of branch , a figure and a FIRE , some kind of SMALL hut . 24 . closer , he realize it 's illanaq . she 's burn trash item in a oil drum , another firelight glow inside she hut . drawing up to she , she speak without look at he ... illanaq you know the name of this village ? core keelut . illanaq say its meaning . core I do not know its meaning . now she look at he , that nasty tooth -miss grin . illanaq '' evil spirit disguise as dog . or wolf . '' core why would they name it that ? illanaq ( shrug , return to she work ) you be the wolf expert , I hear . annoy and discomfite , core continue on past she . she call to he back ... illanaq ( cont 'd ) that girl know evil . she 'il tell you . core ( without stop or turn back ) what that girl know be grief . have a good day , mar ’am . illanaq you be go the wrong way . go back the way you come . he ignore she and she watch he fade into the wood . 25 . ext . OPEN wilderness - day very wide , core be barely a speck out there , a ant scoot across a dimension of white . beautiful landscape , terrifying in its vastness . closer , core stomp through drift , wear goggle now , sink slightly despite the snowshoe . wind , he pause and turn in a full slow circle , take in this place , catch he breath . he consult the compass and continue . ext . deeper into wilderness - day core gulp thirstily from he thermos , drain it and then pack snow in to refill it . he gnaw on some jerky . he bend at the waist , stretch out he leg and back as best he can before re-shouldering he pack and the rifle . ext . the hot spring - day a thick mist waft across frame as core enter this clear , he head tilting in confusion because ... the snow be all melt here , a circular area of wet bare ground that radiate from a hillside cave up ahead , the mouth of which issue a steady trickle of steam . that momentary stutter in he stride must be he recognize this place from medora 's word . he approach ... int . the hot spring - same and from deep within this steamy slick - wall darkness , we see core 's silhouette bend into view , peer in . his heavy breathe echoe , mix with a steady drip-drip-drip-dg . he glance down , see ... a hard white substance , freeze in rivulet through the crack of the cave floor . be that wax ? he wonder at this a moment ... and continue on he way . 26 . ext . deep hilly wood - day core walk slow , face flushed , ice crusting he beard . his breath billow raggedly . he scan the forest floor ... but the snowy surface be perfectly unbroken . no track . even behind the goggle , he look discourage . he continue . ext . rocky bluff - day the SUN shriek down , directly overhead . core shuffles into view , stoop - shoulder , exhaust . he clamber awkwardly to a low expose boulder and sit / collapse . gulp deep breath and slip off he pack and rifle , raise the goggle . he rest , bent forward , eye shut . wincing . we hold on hima long beat as he breathe slowly settles until ... a howl . his eye snap open . he straighten , look over he shoulder . it be faint but unmistakable : wolf . ext . ridge over a snowy plain - day core 's face inch over the crest , wide - eye , look out at -- the snowy plain spread before he after the steep drop - off directly below : a great , dead valley floor . and far out there , strange against the freeze stillness of it all , there be tiny moving shape . he put he field glass to he eye and ... corex binocular Pov show a pack of snarling grey wolve , six or eight , hackles up , hard to say exactly how many the way they be darting and thrashing around something . core crawl to a better vantage point and look again . ( and be that a flash of actual excitement in he eye ? ) corex binocular Pov now show a better angle of the wolve , the pink fur around they mouth ... and the wolf pup carcass they be fight over , rip apart , gobble down . with the field glass still to he eye , we can see in core 's mouth how whatever excitement he feel turn sour . he lower the glass , hold there , look off as the barking and howling of the wolf come echoing in . 27 . and finally , he look away and begin to scoot back the way he come except -- kunch . the icy bluff crack free and core tumble down the steep drop - off . Rolling over and over , uncontrolled in a whorl of powdery whiteness . he land hard with a involuntary cry of pain -- core uhh ! and far out on the plain , the alpha wolf hear that . look back towards the ridge , tall ear straighten . at the base of the drop - off , core struggle up out of the snow , grunting painfully , batter . and quickly realize ... he 's lose the ar - 15 . he swat at he shoulder but it 's go . he look all around he in the tuft of disturb snow make by he fall . oh Jesus , where be it ? and then ... a strong gust of wind blows from behind core , ruffling the fur on he hood , gust the snow about he -- which we follow as it speed out across the plain . we be the wind and we be blow right up to -- the wolve , the rest of which all look in the same direction as the Alpha , back towards core . they nose twitch and a low collective growl rumble from the pack . on core , even three hundred foot away he 's able to tell that the wolf have stop feast and be now clocking he . he stare out at they , freeze in rapidly mount fear . the alpha growls , long tooth expose , eye wild and fix . core catch something in he periphery , look -- the ar - 15 , jamme into the snow barrel - first , ten foot away . this moment : core and the pack face each other over the plain . no motion . no sound but they soft growls in the wind . core lunge , claw through snow for the rifle . the pack charge , bound at he with the force of rocket . bird be eye view of the plain , that speck on the leave be core , the cluster rapidly approach from the right be wolf . 28 . core snag the rifle , jerk it out , tug at the duct tape around the barrel but he bulky glove make it impossible . the wolve , charge in , snout low , huge paw churn snow . core see this , frantically gnaw a glove off and pull the duct tape loose bare -hande . in the distance , the wolf be quickly grow larger . a hundred fifty foot away , a hundred now and -- core shoulder the rifle , he one bare hand already numbe with cold , shaking it out -- bird eye view as the wolf fan out into a C -shape , close on core . they be go to encircle he . core shake he numb hand and sight though -- the rifle scope , where the Alpha be gigantic but the crosshair jump and jerk -- core lower the rifle , inhale to steady himself as we -- flash to : corex dripping hand in the bathtub the other night , hover over that razor . resume : core keep the rifle down , eye off , decide something . the wolve be so very close now . bird 's eye view as that C - shape nearly surround core . core lift the rifle and he manner can only be describe as regretful as he sight though -- the rifle scope , where the Alpha be seemingly right there . he finger tighten on the trigger . the alpha snarl and slaver , almost close enough to leap . at the last second core lift the rifle slightly -- in the scope the crosshair move off the alpha and -- core fire . bam . 29 . the alpha jerk to a halt , stymy by the sudden report . bird be eye view as the C - shape of wolf slow , stop . core aim off and fire again . bam . the alpha jerk back as the bullet punch the snow . pft. core shiver in place . bird eye view as the C -shape of wolf disintegrate and spread away from he . core keep the rifle up , watch down its barrel . the alpha give a last uncertain look he way before trot off . the rest of the pack follow . core slowly lower the rifle , watch they go , stupefy , he eye swim . wide on core , very small out there , hunch , alone . ext . OPEN wilderness - day , much later the SUN be sink , bruise the sky . wide on core , return slowly over familiar landscape . closer on core , deeply fatigue , finish he thermos as he trek onward . he 's follow he own track back the way he come , weaving along parallel to they . he look absolutely bereft . ext . edge of keelut - dusk core return in gloom . the building of keelut glow weakly ahead . his eye be downcast , snowshoe crunching dolorously . int . slone cabin - night core enter through the back , half -stumble in and then lean he whole weight on the door to close it again . he drop the pack , set the rifle down , sit before the fireplace full of die ember and remove the snowshoe , wriggle out of the caribou suit . core Mrs. slone. 30 . he sit there a moment , breathe the warm air , return to himself . but she do not respond . core ( cont ’d ) Mrs. slone ? silence . something feel wrong . int . bedroom - slone cabin - same creeak . core push the door open with a fingertip , peek in . drawer have be dumped out , most of the clothes go . the shallow wardrobe be open , empty hanger inside . int . slone cabin - same core come back into the main room , wonder , when he see -- — the closet door , with the padlock unlock and dangle from the hasp . he open it ... not a closet at all but in fact a root cellar , with steep earthen step lead down into harsh pale light . int . root cellar - same a single bare bulb dangle from the low ceiling . core come carefully down the step , stoop to keep from bump he head , take in the space : wooden crate . mason jar of dry food . lumber , visqueen , rodent dropping on the floor . and something else . core stare at it , he breath fogging out of he as a confuse kind of horror pool on he face . he step forward . tucked upright into a shadowy nook , there be some kind of plastic - wrapped cocoon . he seem to already know what it be . it 's Bailey . core fold the plastic back to see he face . frozen , blue , mouth ajar as if to inhale , eye half - lidd and iced over . core want to scream but do not know how . 31 . as gently as he can , he remove the plastic- wrap bundle of the boy 's body and lay it on the floor of the cellar . he find a fold blanket and carefully cover Bailey up . he sit on a crate beside it and weep . ext . keelut - night core stumble down the main road , holler leave and right . core help ! help I ! help , please ! on either side , he see curtain draw back in cabin window and shadowy form appear there , look out at he . core ( cont 'd ) please ! the slone boy ! up ahead , people be emerge from they home , trickle suspiciously into the road . a villager come jogging up to he , glaring in alarm , a rifle in one hand , shrugging into he coat . it 's cheeon . core gesture wildly back over he shoulder -- core ( cont 'd ) bailey slone . -- and cheeon sprint past he , up towards the slone cabin . core sway in the road , dizzied , look at the villager . some be yup ’ik , some be white , some mix . odd clash clothes : animal hide mukluk and NFL jacket , like that . none of they say a word , none of they betray any emotion . core just stand there shaking he head until he notice ... illanaq , at the rear of the crowd . he point at she ... core ( cont 'd ) y- you know , do not you ? illanaq how could a old woman know ? core how could you not say anything ? under she breath , as she turn and hobble away ... 32 . illanaq go away . leave we to the devil . he watch she go as other villager brush past he , up towards the cabin . aching and cold , he follow . int . root cellar - night cheeon be kneel over Bailey 's body , look down on he with a simultaneous expression of rage and boredom . there 's a dark bruise visible on the boy 's throat , encircle it . he replace the blanket , stand ( have to stoop low , tall as he be ) to face the villager and core wait behind he . cheeon where be medora slone ? nobody answer . cheeon point at core , specifically . cheeon ( cont 'd ) where be she ? core shake he head , helpless , and cheeon snap a command -- cheeon ( cont 'd ) [ yup ’ik word ] -- to a yup ’ik teenager who dutifully sprint away up the stair . cheeon glare at core a beat , then push past he . some villager pause to say soft yup ’ik word over the body , then they all file away as well , leave core there . int . slone cabin - night they have leave the front door open when they depart . core emerge from the cellar and close it again . he stand there , unsure what to do ... he go to the fire , add some log , stoke it back to life . sink onto the couch like a old building collapse . he tip he head back ... allow he eye to close ... int . slone cabin - night , a hour later core jerk awake to hushed voice . there be people here . 33 . two white men stand by the cellar door , look askance at he in they heavy coat and hunter 's cap . they have sheriff 's badge : a fat deputy and a young deputy . and now a third man emerge from the cellar , run a tired hand over he face . buzz cut , pale skin : he name be detective donald marium ( 43 ) . he say something inaudible to he deputy and then make a kind of sympathetic eye contact with core across the room . int . slone cabin - later marium have pull up the chair to sit across from core , both have coffee but neither one be drink . marium why do she ask you here ? core I do not know . she have read my book on wolf . marium and you decide to come , why ? core to help . she say wolf have take child and no one would help . here , see ...? he thrust out medora 's letter , almost begging . as marium unfold and read it , the two deputy re-enter the cabin with a black vinyl bag and descend into the cellar . marium well ... no wolf take Bailey . ( re-folding the letter ) I need to keep this , okay ? core gesture , sure . marium ( cont 'd ) what have you do out there ? core I look for the wolf . marium uh huh . do you see they ? core nod , he mind far away . 34 . marium ( cont 'd ) what have you do ? core ( barely audible ) nothing . after a moment , core seem to return , blink at marium . core ( cont ’d ) be the other come ? marium other ? core investigator . should not there be more investigator ? marium it 's not like tv here . it 's just we . we do not have full membership with the rest of the world and mostly we like it that way . core be it midnight yet ? marium it 's six p.m . core that can not be , it ... it be dark when I return -- marium that be three - thirty p.m . Dawn be at ten a.m. now , you be not acclimate . core shake he head , look off , confuse and brittle . core ( softly ) she strangle he . marium someone do . core it be she . her truck be go . she pack . she leave I here to find he . 35 . marium why would she do that ? core ( abruptly furious ) '' why ? why ? ! '' you be the police ! marium wait as core settles down , embarrassed . core ( cont ’d ) I apologize . marium no need . core I uh ... I put a blanket on he . marium we will take good care of Bailey . do not you worry about that . core someone have to tell the father . marium we have send word . core you know he ? marium nod slowly , he jaw become very tight . marium if you be from around here , you know Vernon slone . Soft scuffing sound behind they . core look ... the deputy be bring the body bag out of the cellar . int . quick dog motel - '' in town '' - night marium 's truck pull up to this grey rectangular slab , aglow in sodium - yellow light , lead core 's suv in to park . core get out of he vehicle , pause there as marium lower he window , pass he a official form from a clipboard . marium you will need to stay a few day , at least . ( more ) 36 . marium ( cont 'd ) we will probably have more question and I will need this statement from you . just use you own word , short and sweet . clete in there 's a notary . core nod in tired acceptance and as he turn away ... marium ( cont 'd ) you be sure she do this , but tell I how . core with a rope . I do not know . marium not how she do it , how you know she do it . core squint at marium , suddenly alert . core do you suspect I ? marium give a diplomatic smile / frown , Nah , relax . but core do not relax . he stare out into the night , then at the statement form in he hand , shaking he head . core ( cont ’d ) you ask I before about the wolf . when I encounter they , they be in the act of devour one of they own . just a pup . it 's not uncommon at all . at this , marium seem to frost over . core ( cont 'd ) in certain animal population , when resource be scarce , when there be unnatural stress , some of the young may be kill off to preserve the group . the behavioral term for this be ' savaging . 's marium we be not talk about animal , Mr. core . core shrug , carelessly ... core if you say so . 37 . a beat , the two man face each other in the lot . marium okay . get some rest now ... as core turn away and marium put the truck in gear ... marium ( cont 'd ) .»- maybe a hot bath or something . get the chill off . he watch core trudge stoop - shoulder into the motel without look back . fade to black . in blackness , a gurgle white noise build ... ext . wood - day a pair of well -worn hiking boot sit on a leafy , brown forest floor . no snow ? next to they , a pair of kid 's boot . lean against a tree , a .30 - 06 remington rifle , and beside it , a lightweight .22 . two payr of bare feet dangle in a shallow creek . that 's the gurgle we hear . it 's Vernon slone : healthy , uninjured , smoking . beside he , eat a cold egg sandwich in wax paper , be Bailey . so this be some other time . they conversation be full of pause ... bailey ( be : the creek ) it 's cold . slone yep . bailey mama say you be go away . slone you remember what deployment mean ? ( off Bailey 's frown ) it mean work . it mean money for we . bailey for my birthday I 'il be seven . 38 . slone I know . I will be home when you be seven and a half . slone gesture and Bailey look off at ... the dead fawn on the bank , a fresh bullet hole in she neck . slone ( cont 'd ) how do that feel ? Bailey stare at the fawn , glassily . emptily , even . his answer be soft ... bailey it feel real good . but then the boy 's brow furrow ... slone what ? bailey you kill a person before . slone who tell you that ? bailey mama . slone do not respond to that , just wait for more . bailey ( cont 'd ) who do you kill ? slone a man who would hurt mama and you . bailey but he do not hurt we ? slone no . I hurt he first . bailey my teacher say it 's bad to kill people . slone you will hear that a lot . bailey so ... it 's good ? 39 . slone if you have to . bailey why ? slone to protect what you love and what you need . Bailey consider this word seriously , then return to he sandwich . as slone reach out to touch the boy 's hair ... slone ( cont 'd ) when I go away ... i’1ll always be with you . do you understand that ? bailey ( not unkindly ) do not lie . a miniscule twitch which on he read slone smile at that , like a klieg light . as a snapping noise build we .. dissolve to : int . military hospital room - day it 's a flustered military doctor flipping through page on he clipboard , look for some answer and not find it . military doctor I be sorry . you should have be tell before . slone sit on the bed in he civvy in this bright clean room . his neck be newly bandaged . he 's gaunt , pale , stare at the Doctor the way one stare at a leak in the ceiling . military doctor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we have a sfac rep come over . or if you would prefer clergy ... int . airport - night slone walk quickly , robotically , eye dead ahead . no expression . no baggage . hand thrust into he coat pocket . 40 . int . baggage claim - airport - night cheeon stand next to the baggage carousel , himself resembling the keelut totem pole . slone approach and , by way of a greeting , cheeon hand he a sheathed bowie knife , which slone tuck under he coat at the small of he back . no word , no handshake ... they just continue on towards the exit , side by side . int . cheeon 's truck ( moving ) - night the radio play a upbeat country number and cheeon drive they out of the airport parking lot as slone crack the window , light a cigarette , stare out at the darkness . int . break room - morgue - night a novelty painting of a moose wear red lipstick and a Marilyn Monroe wig . cheeon stare at this as if ponder a calculus equation . slone sit at the table , smoking , stare blankly at -- Russell core , who sit slouched in the corner , unable to meet slone 's gaze , dabbing he runny nose with a tissue . it 's a little drop-ceile room : hard furniture , coffee and stale donut on the counter . after a quiet beat ... slone be that my boot ? core look down , swallow as he remember that they be . core yes . slone you be the one find my boy ? core yes . slone exhales smoke , stub the cigarette out , nod slowly . slone thank you . core do not know how to respond . 41 . marium and the two deputy enter : all three , to vary degree , be visibly nervous in slone 's presence . fat deputy we get lead , vern . get she picture out , be in touch with the mounties , we be coordinate . we be gonna find she . she will answer for it . marium shoot the deputy a look , cool it . cheeon look from they to slone , who listen to all this without expression . marium Vernon . you have my -- all of we deep condolence . this be ... I can not even imagine . slone nod in acceptance , light a new smoke . marium clear he throat . marium ( cont 'd ) Mr. core be call here by you wife . he be the last one to see she and he 's be very helpful to we so far . we ask he to be here in case you have question for he . cheeon look at core . slone look at core. eventually ... slone can you raise the dead ? core no , sir . slone then I have no question for you . core look away . everyone except slone and cheeon shift uncomfortably . marium can you think of anyone she might run to ? relative ? a friend ? anything at all ? slone pull a long drag , really think ... but finally have to shake he head no . and then he look up at marium .. slone now ? 42 . marium 's face cloud over . marium alright . int . '' cold room '' - morgue - night slone approach the steel table with a sheet - cover something rest atop it in a bright pool of light . his face be ever impassive ... but he 's breathe faster than usual . marium and the two deputy stand back by the door . the coroner wait for a subtle look from marium and then draw back the sheet . we do not need to see Bailey . we hold on slone 's face . we can hear he breath rattle inside he nose . we can see the tight clench of he jaw . in time , he 'il begin to sob . int . hallway - morgue - night core be wait outside on the church - pew bench when , from inside the double door mark restricted , come a scream so anguish and bitter it barely sound human . it startles he out of near- sleep and he blink fearfully at the door , then look over at ... cheeon , who be lean against the wall , look at he . ext . parking lot - morgue - night slone , wiping he eye with the back of he hand , come out of the rear entrance with cheeon . the two deputy , core , and finally marium follow close behind . they cluster by cheeon 's truck , wait as slone gulp some fresh air , collect himself , look up at the star . marium approach . marium I be sorry , Vernon . we will keep you inform . it 's a state - wide all point , so ... it will be over soon . slone just stare at he . 43. marium extend he hand . slone look down at it , dead - eye , and finally take it for a perfunctory shake . core have turn away from this , be already head off toward 's marium 's truck when ... slone Wolf man . core stop , look back . slone step forward . core watch he , unsure of what 's come ... slone extend he hand to he . core hesitates , take it , able to look the taller man in the eye but only barely . marium note the moment and , with that , he and core get into he truck and pull away . once they be out of sight ... the fat deputy produce a flask , drink and offer it to slone , who drink , and pass it on to cheeon ... fat deputy Fucking thing like this . can you figure she mind ? Jesus god. young deputy you know , uh , I read post - partum can go on for year sometimes . fat deputy shut the fuck up , Mike . ( as cheeon pass he the flask back ) do not worry , vern . we will get she , I promise you that . very casually , cheeon bring out a .45 auto , hand it to slone , and slone shoot the fat deputy in the face . bam . young deputy Don ' t-- slone shoot the young deputy in the face . bam . as cheeon unlock and open the bed of he truck , slone shoot each of the fallen men each once more . bam , bam . as cheeon start the engine , slone walk back towards the rear entrance with that smoking pistol in he fist . 44 , int . marium 's truck ( moving ) - night the wind whistle outside the cab , some bluesy classic rock on the radio . but even so , marium glance briefly in the rearview . do I hear something back there ? he turn the radio down , frown into the rearview . but it 's just black silence out there now . core what ? marium nothing . core cough , dab he nose . look like shit . marium notice . a new song begin and core reach for the radio dial ... core do you mind ? ...- turn it back up when marium shrug , go ahead . core ( cont ’d ) I like this one . marium drive on , listen to the song . marium I too . ext . trapping road - night pitch -blackness be split by headlight crawl towards we , revealing this hide pass through thick wood . cheeon 's truck jerk to a halt , splash its light onto a massive icy drift . slone and cheeon hop out , move fast . a pick axe and a shovel be yank out . chopping into the icy hill in a tight , steady rhythm - - kak , kak , kak , kak -- until a shallow slot be clear . cheeon shoulder a rectangular wooden BOX from the truck bed , plain but expertly craft , and fit it into the slot . and then slone move to the truck , slow as he bend to remove bailey 's blanket -wrapped body . he lay he gently inside the BOX , fold the blanket back , remove he glove ... and lay he hand on Bailey for a moment . 45 . he replace the blanket and turn away , blast white in the headlight as he move back towards the truck while cheeon , in the background , power drill a lid onto the box . vzz2z22 ! ext . keelut - night cheeon 's truck glide through keelut like a black shark . a face in a cabin peer at they pass , quickly look away . int . cheeon 's truck ( moving ) - night cheeon pull up to the end of the road , to the slone cabin , throw it in park and pass slone a set of keys . cheeon heat shed behind the school . registered to a cousin . full tank . if you gotta go to ground , shan 's still get he place . slone I will not . they clasp hand , eye lock , and share a tiny nod . this be communion . but just before slone pop the door ... slone ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about alasie . cheeon blink once but otherwise might as well be stone . slone ( cont ’d ) it 's not right you do not have she body . cheeon right 's get nothing to do with anything . you know this . yes , slone do know this . ext . slone cabin - night the front door be seal with a X of yellow police tape and slone pass by , circle back to -- 46 . int . slone cabin - night the rear door where he enter , another wad of police tape in he hand . he move in a sure but unhurry way . we follow he , catch fast glimpsis of what he do . time be break . instant coffee , boil water go into a mug . a sandwich , hard bread and cold cut slap together , slone chew mechanically , gulp coffee . in the bedroom mirror he peel off he bandage and apply antiseptic cream to he healing gunshot wound . a cupboard be open and slone ( now with a fresh bandage on he neck ) retrieve a 9mm handgun and BOX of ammo . a duffel bag be open and the 9 mm , a 12 gauge autoloader , a remington rifle , the ar - 15 and various ammo go inside . the compound bow be grab , a quiver of arrow . from a footlocker , sock , legging , maglite , binocular . from a drawer , a polaroid photo : medora , pose on the edge of a river in hike gear , smile awkwardly . a wicker basket , paw inside it until he bring back a pair of medoram underwear . he inhale they , precisely . and then see something else , bend to get it ... one of bailey 's little t-shirt . his hand close tightly on it . ext . illanaq 's hut - night illanaq wait before she hut , firelight crackle behind she for a semi-silhouette . she see something and shuffles back inside because ... slone be come this way , inexorably , through the snow . int . illanaq 's hut - same illanagq sit by she fireplace , a halve oil drum turn on its side . pelt , cordwood , leather - bound book as furniture . she hold a faceless hex doll for comfort . the wind stir spark and then slone be sit across from she , firelight gleam on the blade of he bowie knife . 47 . illanaq you come to punish the old witch , Vernon slone ? I be no witch . you think I know ? you think I could have stop she ? a old woman ? slone say nothing . she spit on she own floor , smirk . illanaq ( cont 'd ) go to you father 's grave and ask he . take you wrath to the god , to the wolf . to yourself and end it . slone say nothing . she rattles the hex doll at he , as if to scold he . illanaq ( cont 'd ) that boy 's fate be foretold in the ice . so be hers . and yours . you should have die there in the sand but you do not accept that . you come home to see . slone say nothing . she shift , grow less sure , less haughty . she reach for a pill bottle , swallow one dry . illanaq ( cont 'd ) this be not the first time the wolf come . before , the white man call it influenza . we call it peelak . I be a little girl . half the village , they body in igloos on the hill , for proper burial after breakup . I pull they there on my father 's sled . but the wolf come at night and break the igloos . in the morning , the hillside be scattered with the piece of they body . there be no proper burial after that . that be we history here . slone say nothing . she plead in a whisper ... illanaq ( cont 'd ) you can not blame a old woman for it . slone rise , he body fill the smoky space of the hut . 48 . ext . deep wood - night a 4x4 be tuck into this dark , hide turnaround , light off but its engine idling , exhaust smoke swirl around it ... int . 4x4 - same Vernon be curl inside it under many quilt , eye shut tight with bailey 's shirt clamp over he nose , breathe it in . even with the heat on , he breath fog . fade to black . int . HOTEL room - day the mute tv show a pixelated iraq , the terrible green strobe of a shock and awe bombing campaign . teaching assistant ( phone v.o. ) good afternoon . Linguistics . core ( 0.s. ) Professor core , please . teaching assistant ( phone v.o. ) who 's call ? core ( 0.s. ) her father . teaching assistant ( phone v.o. ) ( chilly , after a beat ) one moment . the side table be cluttere with snotty tissue , half - empty nyquil , paper cup of cold tea . a half - eat chocolate bar . we can hear the crackly hold music over the phone line . a official police form , ' statement of Witness 's , blank except for core 's contact information , lay on the chair with a pen . the hold music cut and -- teaching assistant ( phone v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , she 's not available , may I take a message ? core ( 0.s. ) ( quiet defeat ) no , thank you . 49 . click . core lay curl and sweaty in bed , gaze at the television . fearfully hypnotize . he cough softly , roll away from it ... close on core as he stare straight ahead at something else , something in near focus . his expression remain the same . close on core 's wife , curl beside he , she frozen-moan face only inch away from he . close on core , stare at she , he face tightening with some impossible question . close on medora , who be now the one curl beside he , look back at he with a plain , answer kind of look . high shot , look down on core in bed , tangle in the thrash - up sheet . he be , of course , all alone here . a long beat like that , and then ... he push himself up , reach for the police form and pen . a flash of the form : ‘... be true to the best of my knowledge , 's with a space for write below . he consider this , vex , like it 's a foreign language . and then , as if on autopilot , slowly at first ... he begin to write , hunch there on the bed . flash of he handwriting : medora slone ... letter ... to keelut ... his scribbling intensify , the pen scraping on the form . flash of writing : atiribute to wolve ... hike NORTH / northwest ... and intensify further , hard slashing pen stroke . flash of writing : empty house ... body ( bailey slone ) ... alerted neighbor ... and intensify further still , grow almost violent until -- he stop . stare curiously at the page for a long beat . a flash of he writing : elderly woman he stand abruptly , be momentarily dizzied and have to steady himself before he can grab and dial the phone . 50 . operator ( phone v.o. ) Police operator , what 's you emergency ? core I - - no , I do not have a emergency , it 's ... I need to speak with the sheriff 's station , please . as the line go silent without another word ... core ( cont ’d ) hello ? a ringing be follow by a new voice , noticeably tense -- new operator ( phone v.o. ) sheriff 's . core detective marium , please . he can hear agitate voice in the background there . new operator ( phone v.o. ) detective marium be not available . core be there ... my name be Russell core , he know I , can I leave hima message ? it 's regard Bailey slone . a pause . he hear shout , many other phone ringing there . new operator ( phone v.o. ) what 's the message ? but he 's suddenly unsure how to phrase it ... core just tell he , in keelut ... there be a old woman I speak to and I think she may have ... it 's ... new operator ( phone v.o. ) Sir , what 's the message ? core I be sorry . please just ask he to call I . the Quick Dog Motel , room 207 , he uh ... he know I . c-o-r-e. 51 . the line go dead . the television flicker with bomblight . he replace the handset , he mouth tight . and he just stand there . think . ext . quick dog motel - day core emerge from he room , blink against the sunlight . it 's overcast but he room be a dark cave behind he . he zip he coat , blow noisily at the sudden cold , and hurry out towards he rental suv . ext . parking lot - morgue - dawn low , look up at marium as he stare down at -- the two murdered deputy , white and frost - over where they fall , face freeze mid-scream . other cop mill about , a susurrus of tense murmur . marium see confusion and fear and anger on they face . a young cop ( arnie ) , just a kid , hurry out of the morgue . marium see how shake he be , pat the air like , calm down . arnie boss . there 's more . marium another body ? arnie uh...no. int . hallway - morgue - day arnie lead marium in , step around a team of m.e. 's deal with the bloody corpse of the coroner , splay there on the floor by the rear exit . int . '' cold room '' — morgue - day arnie hold the door open and marium enter , regard something in mount disbelief . marium ( under he breath ) Jesus Christ , Vernon ... 52 . the steel table with Bailey 's little body bag on it , which be splay open and empty . stare at this , but address arnie -- marium ( cont 'd ) we be go to keelut . now . arnie who ? marium glance to the kid , grimly . marium everybody . int . rental suv ( moving ) - day huddle over the wheel with a cup of steaming tea , haggard but determine , core drive alone through the countryside . through the windshield , appear like a mirage , that paint wooden sign . keelut . ext . wood at the edge of keelut - day core work through knee - deep snow : he 's get slone 's boot but no snowshoe , so it 's difficult . a spasm of deep - chest coughing bend he over and he sag against a tree until he recover he wind . and when he do ... he glance around , realize something . even for keelut , be not it especially quiet ? like the whole place be hold its breath . he continue onward to ... ext . illanaq 's hut - day ..- emerge out of the tree . as core near , he see that -- the chimney be not smoking . the front door hang open a crack . core hello ? he draw closer , stop ten foot away , watch the place uncertainly , how the front door sway on its rusty hinge . 53 . he cup he hand and -- core ( cont 'd ) hello . the front door move a few inch ... but nobody appear . core ( cont 'd ) ma’ be ? he step carefully forward , but gasp as -- a LYNX suddenly peek out , glaring at he with that angry yellow eye and instantly dashing off into the wood . he watch it go , and continue to the door where ... int . illanaq 's hut - same .-- he knock lightly , step inside . it 's cold and dim in here , and he 's squinting to see ... .+- how boneless illanaq look in she chair , next to the barely - smolder fireplace with she head tip back . her throat be slashed ear to ear to make a great yawn second - mouth , she entire front a bib of bright frozen blood . her fingertip have be gnaw by animal . core sway before she like he 's be clubbed . he look around , pointlessly , for some kind of answer to this . shake he head , weakly , as if in disagreement with some minor point of order ... he back away . ext . illanaq 's hut - same he stagger outside , beset by a fresh fit of coughing , which evolve into dry heave that bring he to he knee . it seem like he might stay there with he face in the snow forever until ...vvrrrrrrmmm . he look up to see -- distantly through the tree , a column of three sheriff truck come up the MAIN road into keelut . core lurch upright , uselessly wave , try to call out but he 's hoarse from the cough -- core hey ! wait ! 54 . so he trump slowly after they . ext . cheeon 's house - keelut - day that three sheriff truck arrive , join three other truck already angle in the road , cop in body armor with rifle and shotgun all face towards we . half look like they have not start shave , half look like retire fisherman . they kevlar be ill-fitting . uniformly petrify . marium be at the front of the group , also in body armor , he face grimly set . he glance back at he assembled men . in particular , he make eye contact with terrify arnie , give a reassure nod . he gesture ‘over there , over there 's and wait as the man position themselves in front of -- this square two -story cabin in the middle of town . from inside the loft -style window on the second floor , faintly , come some kind of electric whirring . int . attic - cheeon 's house - same which be cheeon , bent over something with he electric drill , power screw into the floor . can not see exactly what it be . from downstairs come a firm knock - knock but cheeon just keep drilling , wholly unconcern . v2z2222 . ext . keelut MAIN road - same core emerge breathless and cough from the wood , lean against he rental truck park there , and look -- a way up the road , where all that police vehicle be gather with they light turn . he start head that way , like draw by a magnet . ext . front door - cheeon 's house - same the door open on marium : steady but not aggressive . behind he , we glimpse the gathere cop , they weapon ready . cheeon , in the doorway , might as well not even see they . he keep he eye on marium , at once empty and hostile . 55 . marium I tell they I would try talk . get you to come without any mess . I be not claim we be friend , but we have be friendly , cheeon . cheeon if you say so , guy . marium we have get two dead cop in town . cheeon oh yeah ? round here , couple dead cop be cause for a party . marium and the coroner ? Frank be set to retire to San Diego next month . cheeon San Diego , huh ? never hear of it . marium they be shot with a .45 Springfield . you have get one of that register . cheeon I get lot not register , guy . cheeon let the implication hang there . marium blink . marium I know that . but , like I say , I tell they I have try to talk to you . cheeon you be damn sure do that . down the road , fifty yard back , core draw closer , try to see what 's go on with sheriff truck and men up there . he glance off , see a yup ’ik face crouch in they window . back at cheeon 's door , marium put some iron in he tone . marium where 's Vernon ? cheeon snort . cock a eyebrow . you think I would answer that ? 56 . marium ( cont 'd ) can you at least tell I where the boy 's body be ? it 's state 's evidence . cheeon '' evidence ? '' that boy be nothing to you kind anymore . he 's no longer of the Earth . put he out of you mind or he might haunt you . marium where 's medora ? cheeon oh , she will be find . not by you . marium grimace , disgust briefly overtake he . marium be that why this happen ? so nobody interfere with he revenge ? cheeon I look like I enjoy all this fuck question from you , guy ? marium I know you girl be take by wolf . cheeon 's eye flash rage . marium ( cont 'd ) I know you do not have a body to bury and there can not be anything worse than that . cheeon take half a step forward and -- the cop all tense , rifle stock tightening into shoulder , finger on triggers . cheeon ( low & furious ) oh you know , huh ? lotta help from a guy who know . you drive a hour out here for my sorry ass , but will not do shit for some dead kid in the hill . she be riding she sled . and what would you do about it ? marium we come . 57 . cheeon you come the next day and leave and never come back . worthless as shit , you city boy . in the road , twenty yard back now , core draw closer . he can see marium talk to someone in a doorway . he can see -- a cop with a sniper rifle dart into the wood by the house . back at cheeon 's door marium five thousand people be hardly a city . cheeon you come here to argue the definition of city with I , guy ? marium I be say , we be not so different from you . cheeon you sure as hell be . go to college and still dumber than dogshit . marium I be say , we be not all bad . we help put this place on the grid few year back , get the plumbing and electric . cheeon and now you want a trophy for let this folk take a shit in they own house ? marium okay . yeah . thing be bad here . I admit that . let 's not make they worse . you get a wife who need you . cheeon oh , she 's go . she will never be back after what happen . this place will be a ghost town by next year , you watch . cheeon look beyond marium , not at the cop but out at the wood and the sky , formulate a think . 58 . cheeon ( cont 'd ) that bastard at the morgue . bastard like you and I ? when we be kill the past be kill , and the past be already dead , so no big deal . but when kid be kill , that 's different . when kid be kill the future die . and there 's no life without a future . marium ( very softly ) cheeon . please . now cheeon look to the cop . sniff in derision . cheeon this boy look like they do not know whether to shit or piss . marium I will not lie . most of ‘em be green . they never see anything like this and they be scared to death and that 's dangerous for you . cheeon ' come out with you hand up . 's like that , guy ? listen , here : it 's never gonna happen . marium I will make sure everything 's fair . at that , astonishingly , cheeon actually laugh , a high nasal cackle . that 's the funniest thing he 's ever hear . cheeon '' everything be fair ? '' marium nod in defeat , show he palm , back away ... marium think about what I have offer . as he turn back into the road , cheeon call to he ... cheeon and you think about the phone call you wife will get today . her hand on she belly . nothing gonna stop that call now , guy . 59 . marium do not turn back , keep walk stiffly away , he jaw tight as cheeon slam the door behind he . in the road , core have arrive on the scene , ten yard behind the cop . expose . nobody notice he , all focus on cheeon 's door . he look a bit like a lose little kid , need to ask direction . as marium return to he line of man , arnie lean in , scared shitless -- arnie w- what have he say ? marium he say ' fuck you 's , be what he say . arnie Jesus . now what ? marium now we wait for Holy Cross to get the tactical unit up here . arnie they be three hour out , boss . marium survey the man , look to he for answer he do not have . marium well ... better get some coffee not sandwich then . and then , just beyond he man , there in the road , he see core . they eye meet and marium straighten in dismay confusion : why be you here ? as core raise he hand in hesitant greeting ... int . attic window - cheeon 's house - same the loft -style window open outward to show the police spread below . we pull back slightly to reveal -- the long metal snout of a tripod - mounted m-60 machine gun swiveling onto the men down there , sighting on marium 's back . cheeon settles behind the enormous weapon , prone position , one hand poise to feed it a endless belt of ammunition . 60 . ext . cheeon 's house - same walk towards marium , core 's eye flick to something behind he and he point up in sudden terror -- core watch -- marium jerk aside as -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . the face of the cop next to marium explode in a red sherbet . marium dive to the ground . core startle in place , hand foolishly covering he head . other cop return FIRE , bang . bang . bang. bang . but all be overwhelm by the brutal authority of the m - 60 : the SOUND of it be deafening and ceaseless , one prolong uninterrupted blast . see ? it 's still go on . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak .bak .bak . marium crawl behind a truck . window glass atomize , sprays . core drop to he hand and knee as a line of bullet shear into the road beside he . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . in the attic window , cheeon swivel calmly , still fire -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . a line of cop be CUT down , blood mist leave to right , they body armor punch through like paper mache . behind a truck , marium huddle next to arnie and another cop , both cower . bullet stream into the engine block and it sound like hammer striking anvil in rapid succession . pung!pung! pung ! in the road , core wriggle behind another truck just as a cop drop before he , clutching a blood - squirting throat hole . core crawl to the cop , press he hand to the wound but -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . a spray of metal and glass and dirt send he scuttle away . 61 . in the attic window , a incoming round punch the wall behind cheeon--kak !-- and he swivel to -- the tree at the edge of he yard , where he spot a blip of dark movement in the branch and spray the m - 60 there -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . the tree erupt snow , look like a explosion of pure white fire that spill out the police sniper 's shredd body . behind the truck , marium have he sidearm out -- marium arnie . arnie . listen to I . arnie just gape at marium , blink wildly as -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . the other cop directly beside arnie be shot through the body of truck , metal shard split he chest and face . marium hiss , blood-spatter , peek out to see -- a exposed boulder by the treeline , like a giant 's skull emerge from the ground , the size of a car . he whip back to panic-frozen arnie -- marium ( cont 'd ) we have to go . arnie ( nodd ferociously ) okay . marium ( when arnie do not move ) now . arnie I - I do not want to . behind another truck , core be flat on the ground , look out from underneath it , shaking , awestruck -- he see dead and wounded cop splay before cheeon 's house with muzzle flash flame out of the attic window . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . a panicking cop dive into a bullet -riddle truck , throws it into reverse , spin the tire try to back up --vrrrrrr ! 62 . in the attic window , cheeon swivel onto this and -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . he pour bullet into the truck until the radiator explode and it roll lazily backward down the road . from behind he truck , core watch it roll slowly by like some lumber beast gush steam , not five foot away . for the first time in what seem like hour , the shoot pause . wound man whimper but the relative silence boom . from behind there truck , marium drag arnie with he . marium move . into the OPEN , marium and arnie sprint for the boulder , move at a diagonal towards the house . from behind he truck , core watch they breathlessly . marium and arnie be halfway there when -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak .bak .bak . the ground beside they explode as cheeon 's fusillade resume and they dive behind the boulder , huddling together -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bullet slap into the granite that shield they . tok!tok! tok ! marium speak directly into arnie 's face , who 's so fuck scared he might as well be inside of a dream -- marium ( cont 'd ) ( be : arnie 's sidearm ) be that magazine full ? arnie it 's full . marium please check . arnie check it , fumble it back into the gun . arnie it 's full . marium you have more in that vest ? 63 . arnie yes . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . across the yard , a secondary cluster of cop be direct fire on the attic window now . bang. bang . bang. bang. bang . in the attic window , cheeon swivel off the boulder to spray down on they . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . back behind the boulder marium listen to I now , arnie . be you listen ? arnie yeah , boss . marium his weapon can not get through rock . stay here . you understand ? arnie yes . marium I be go to run for the house . the second I do -- arnie , I be say the very second I do -- you unload on that window and do not stop until you see I reach the house . arnie o-okay . marium what will you do ? arnie stay here . and . the window . marium soon as I run . arnie yes . marium do not stop shoot until I be there . 64 . arnie I understand , boss . I '1l do it . marium peek over the rim of the boulder to see -- out there , cheeon fire on cop --bak . bak . bak . bak . bak .-- whose return fire be panicky and innefectual . bang. bang. bang . marium give one last this be it look to arnie and he run . arnie pop up over the boulder and fire wildly at the attic window as -- marium sprint across the open space between the boulder and the house : not more than thirty foot , seem like a mile . in the attic window , cheeon flatten himself as bullet splinter the wall behind he , the m - 60 ooze smoke . from behind he truck , core watch as marium slam against the house , directly below the smoking attic window . at the boulder , arnie fire until -- bam . bam. click . the slide rack empty , he drop down , fumble for a new magazine . in the attic window , as the fire upon he stop , cheeon rise back into he shoot position , sighting down the m -60 . at the house , marium keep himself flat against the wall as he slide around -- ext . behind cheeon 's house - continuous -- where there be a rear door . marium slide towards it , weapon forward , adrenaline - jack . ext . cheeon 's house - same in the attic window , cheeon sight down on that boulder where the slight sliver of arnie be visible , so -- bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . behind the boulder , suddenly beset by this new round of gunfire , arnie scream , nearly drop he weapon , duck low . the secondary cop rack they shotgun and rifle and resume fire themselves . bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! in the attic window , cheeon grunt as burning shrapnel slashes he face and he swivel back to the secondary cops. 65 . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . the secondary cop be blasted hard . of the EIGHT of they crouch there , five be instantly ripped apart : blood and meat and scrap of uniform fly into the air . behind the boulder , arnie scream again . behind he truck , core watch the cop crumple and fall . ext . behind cheeon 's house - same the gunfire and scream echo back here as marium inch to the back door , peer carefully in though sooty glass pane . he grip the doorknob and , bizarrely , it turn . a deep breath for courage and he ease it open but wait -- int . back door - cheeon 's house - same looking out on marium through the door window as he freeze , terrify eye lock on something dead ahead . rack focus to the taut fishing line stretched vertically just inside the door , connected to the inside knob . as marium 's eye move up the line , we move up the line too -- just above the doorjamb it turn ninety - degree through a eye -screw and continue until it connect to -- the sawed -off shotgun affixed to the wall , aim down into the doorway , the fishing line tight against its trigger . instant death , right there . ext . behind cheeon 's house - same as marium shakily remove he hand from the doorknob -- ext . cheeon 's house - same behind the boulder , arnie lose it : he sprint . behind he truck , core 's shaking he head no no no as -- out there , arnie stumble in a blind panic towards the house . 66 . in the attic window , cheeon swivel back to arnie crossing below he and --bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . bak . arnie be shot across the shin and crash into the ground . ext . behind cheeon 's house - same at the exact instant of this gunfire , marium punch out a window pane in the door , the sound of it cover . he reach in towards that fishing line with he swiss army knife , the little scissors extend . snip ! ext . cheeon 's house - same behind he truck , core moan involuntarily as -- out there , cheeon strafe arnie a second time , a streak of bullet chopping he legs . as arnie scream , something livid snap inside of core . look -- a dead cop a few foot away , he shotgun just lie there . core grab it , charge out from behind the truck , awkwardly pump - firing the shotgun as he run -- bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! buckshot pattern pepper the attic window and -- in the window , cheeon flinch off the m-60 as splinter and glass blow all around . core run and fire --bam ! bam ! click ! he drop the shotgun as he reach arnie , grab the scream cop by the armpit . arnie .-. I be gonna die ... gonna die ... core ( gritt tooth ) no . in the attic window , cheeon 's bloody face rise back into view . gripping the m - 60 again , he look resign . he sight on core , struggle to drag arnie towards the boulder . he track with they , could cut they down at will . down there , core pull arnie across the muddy snowy ground as fast as he can but , oh God , it 's so slow . arnie sob . without stop , core chance a look upwards at -- 67 . the attic window , where he can see cheeon , plain as day , watch he from behind the smoking m - 60 . a strange beat of eye contact between the two man . it enrage core . core ( cont 'd ) stop it . core see cheeon lower he eye over the gunsight , prepare to fire on they . the boulder be so close . int . stairwell - cheeon 's house - same a pair of boot carefully ascend wooden stair , step on the wash of spent cartridge that have cascade down they . following the boot up to --— int . attic - continuous -- where we reveal cheeon from behind , over there by the window , prone behind the m - 60 . on cheeon , he hand tightening around the trigger and -- we pan slightly to reveal the figure rising from the stairwell behind he . they make no noise but ... cheeon blink . know they be there . twist around into a sitting position to look back at ... marium , aim he handgun two-hand . and scared to goddamn death , it would appear . cheeon snort , spit blood , he lip curling at the cop across the low- ceiling attic . the floor be carpete with brass . the air be blue with cordite . cheeon you stop that phone call for today , guy . phone call to you wife ? marium stare , do not say a word , he gun steady . cheeon ( cont 'd ) but it 's come , be not it ? that call 's always come . cheeon bring out a little nickle - plate .25 pistol but do not aim it at marium , just let it sit there in he lap . like a dare . or permission . 68 . marium shoot he in the face . bang . ext . cheeon 's house - same just as core reach the boulder with arnie , he look up to see cheeon 's body spill backwards out of the attic window and land below with a dense and final thud . CUT to black . in blackness , a song . a beautiful , melancholy arrangement of inuit flute and ghostly female vocal . it carry to ... int . hospital hallway - day ...- where we be in slow motion and the haunt music cover everything . as we ... push down the hall the foreground be continuously blurred by out - of- focus movement , police and hospital staff and concerned relative hurriedly wiping the frame . pushing through to a inuit woman ( 35 ) wait on the bench at the far end , she eye swollen from cry , she hand on she pregnant belly . her name be susan . she look searchingly into this chaos and she see ... a bleeding unconscious cop be intubated , he clothes get scissore off by er nurse . a angry cop bark into he radio , a crying cop beside he . a trauma team rush by with a gunshot victim cop . a cluster of frantic wive talk to a stunne er doctor . a trio of frightened child , huddle by the soda machine . and as we finally land close on susan , she look to ... the er entrance where paramedics be now rush arnie in , a oxygen pump on he pale face ... and marium hurry alongside . through the blur of body , he eye meet hers . tear spill down she face , great pulsing sob of relief . they connect on the bench , clasp each other , sobbing into he shoulder , stroking she hair and say soothing thing . 69 . we can not hear the word but maybe we can read he lip . it 's okay . it 's okay . it 's okay . dissolve to : int . hospital bathroom - day normal sound and motion resume : frantic voice churn outside the door , mute but briefly surging as it swing open and ... marium enter , go to the sink . we see it happen in the mirror : whatever calm assurance he project before now utterly dissolves . stare wide - eye into the drain , hyperventilate , one hand over he mouth , struggle to control himself , until ... he notice core in the mirror . sitting quietly in the corner , knee draw up , head title against the wall . he look clammy , bloodless , unwell . drop of vomit in he beard . they look at each other a long moment . core ( softly ) I be not prepare for this . marium ( after a beat ) you save that kid 's life . core stare at he with a uncharacteristic blankness . core do it matter ? marium I see he wife out there . he 's go to go home to he daughter . it will not be for a while but ... he will go home . yes , to they it matter a great deal . core how many die ? it 's hard for marium to say it . marium twelve . and cheeon . a few more be ... we be not sure yet . core 's voice drop to a disgust whisper ... 70 . core and I save one . the two man face each other from opposite side of the room . White tile , buzzing light , raise voice outside as we ... fade to black . in blackness , we hear night bird shriek from far away . ext . a treeline - night the ground be black and damp : no snow . in the distance , surround by darkness at the edge of the wood : a raggedy tent and a small campfire , a man -shape hunch there . int . slone home - same and Vernon slone 's at the back window , stare out at he with a predatory stillness . he 's uninjured here , young . medora drift up to he side , gaze out the window as well . so , again , this be some other time . medora who be he ? slone ( without move he eye ) another drifter head west . medora he look hungry . slone he can hunt . we might notice that the campfire be flicker out there at more or less the same spot we see the Wolf at the beginning . medora take he something so he will go , Vernon . Vernon look at she , a faint warmth pass over he face , and he go . as medora look uneasily back out the window ... we tilt down to find she pregnant belly . eight month or so . 71 . ext . the campfire - night the drifter ( 20 ) lift he scabby , bug-bitten face from the fire : one milky eye , long stringy hair from under he woolen watch cap , brown tooth - nub show in a kindly smile as ... slone approach the ring of firelight . stare down at the grin drifter in appraisal . a moment like that , the fire crackle between they , and slone toss down a food sack . slone that 's bread and cheese . it 's drop low tonight , first snow be come , so you need to move on from here . drifter termination dust will not come on tonight . night or two before that . slone you a weatherman ? the drifter 's smile shine and spread . drifter you could say I know something about what 's come . ( beat ) you get a name ? slone my name 's get nothing to do with you . drifter not yours . the boy 's . slone 's eye sharpen and narrow . he seem to coil . slone what do you know about that ? drifter just a feelin’ . the drifter smile past slone 's shoulder , out at there cabin where medora be silhouett in the orange- light window . drifter ( cont 'd ) look warm . slone best find a home of you own , then . 72 . drifter I do not mean the house . his tone be not lascivious , though , it 's damn near reverent . but slone lean closer , he voice drop to a low monotone . slone look into my face now . believe what I tell you . I will end you every day . do you believe I when I say that to you ? the drifter nod , placate . sure , sure . slone ( cont 'd ) move on . slone rise and head back . the drifter watch he go . int . bedroom - slone cabin - night , later medora lay asleep on the bed , curl on she side under a quilt in the mostly - dark room . slone watch she from the doorway with something almost like fear . ext . wood behind the slone cabin - night slone be a wraith cut through the wood , quick and silent , garbe in black . the dying campfire glow just beyond the tree : he 's circle around behind it . ext . treeline - the campire - same slone melt out of the forest , he bowie knife a shine sliver in one fist as he angle in on the drifter 's tent . he crouch , listen . int . / ext . drifter 's tent - same slone snap open the flap but -- it 's empty . look closer , he see -- resting on the filthy sleep bag , crudely carve from a bar of soap , a tiny fertility figure . 73 . dread pool on he face , slone look back to the cabin . int . bedroom - slone cabin - night close on medora , a film of perspiration on she face , wince in discomfort as she come blearily half - awake to see ... a shape in the doorway , look in at she . medora .-.- what be you do , baby ? the shape do not answer . she sit up , achingly hold she belly . medora ( cont 'd ) .-- oh God ... something 's happen . and now , she eye adjust , she see that it 's not slone stand in the doorway . her face harden in terror . medora ( cont 'd ) there 's money in a jar by the sink . fifty dollar . and food . the drifter 's manner be calmly sympathetic , comforting even . drifter I come to warn you . the boy can not live . she flinch as he reach into he coat , pull something out and toss it onto the bed before she ... it 's the shaman 's mask . drifter ( cont 'd ) the mask be yours . someone make it for you . she gape at the upside - down wolf face in revulsion . drifter ( cont 'd ) wear the mask and you 'il know what you have to do . a silver triangle emerge from within the drifter 's throat , hold there , and then withdraws back inside he neck . he look so surprised . 74 . blood gurgle from the slit that remains in he adam' apple as he drop to the floor . slone be behind he clutching the blood - slicked bowie knife . medora cry in sudden pain and throw back the quilt , the wolf mask spilling off to the floor . her sheet be soak with amniotic fluid . slone rush to she . low angle on the wolf mask and the dead drifter , cant together and forget on the floor as , in the background , slone bend lovingly over medora and she scream again ... int . 4x4 - day , late afternoon her scream echoes into this time as slone stare out he truck , live that memory , suffuse in cold orange light . he look to the passenger seat and reach for ... a fold map , revealing that polaroid of medora beneath . we 'il notice the compound bow wedge behind the seat , he duffel bag with the gun in it . as he study the map ... slone 's Pov ( macro on the map ) move from a splash of lake until it land on a SMALL dot : ' kmc - 13’. he set the map down , put the truck in gear . ext . lake — same slone 's truck pull away from this seemingly infinite body of water where the Sun collapse into molten copper . ext . hunting trail - same snow chain rattle and groan on the tire as ... slone 's 4 x4 crawl slowly along under a canopy of cottonwood : snowy , unmark wilderness . ext . abandoned mining camp - twilight slone 's 4x4 pull in on a snowy road as we see -- 75 . the SMALL valley the road wind through , a v-shape cut into the earth with a cluster of dark corroded wooden building spread up one side , interconnected one atop the other like some long - dead fungal growth . a paint- peel sign : camp # 13 - kennebeck & mccarthy Corp . there 's still some daylight leave in the sky above but down here , in the valley , it feel like a early nightfall . int . 4x4 ( moving ) - same slone scan the dead , lightless camp as he drive . to he right , a way up the unconstructed side of the valley , firelight dance ... seemingly from within the Earth . he drive on . ext . inn - night slone park before this lean two - story build with ' Inn 's paint by hand above the door , inky light in its sooty window . he get out , glance around , see ... a corrugate shed with a pyramid of car batteries outside it . empty wood pallet stack for firewood , a half - collapse quonset hut , a school bus slowly sink into the ground . int . inn - night slone enter , close the door quickly to shut out the cold . the innkeeper ( 5as ) look up from she table : she 's stout , in overall and fleece , with wild brillo hair and coke-bottle glass , read a celebrity magazine from 10 year ago . innkeeper ( amused ) late in the season for traveler . as slone cross to she ... innkeeper ( cont 'd ) where you come from ? slone keelut . innkeeper there 's no road from there to here . not directly . 76 . slone not directly , no . he look around , take in the room : kerosene lamp , lynx pelt , a break chair burn in the fireplace . it dawns on he ... slone ( cont 'd ) I be here when I be a child . with my father . we visit this camp . I remember it . she squint at he , try to place he face . he bring out the polaroid , show it to she . she chuckle . slone ( cont 'd ) be she here ? innkeeper they do not get woman in keelut , gotta crawl all the way up here for a piece ? slone just stare at she . as she apply some chapstick , look he up and down ... innkeeper ( cont 'd ) ( almost to herself ) you be a handsome one , be not ya . slone can you help I ? innkeeper I do not have any bread , gotta warn ya , the plane have not be back in two week . but I have a room to let . I have make sure it 's warm enough . she let that hang for a moment , grin . he turn away , head for the door , but as he pull it open -- he stop . innkeeper ( cont 'd ) yeah , she be here . close the door . turn . innkeeper ( cont 'd ) that one in you picture there . they do not make that kind of film anymore . 77 . slone when ? innkeeper two night ago . Said she want to see we indian Hunter . he 's not really indian , though , he 's just John . slone why ? innkeeper do not share that and I do not ask . struck I as damned skittish , you want the truth . slone absorb this , and then ... slone I want to stay in the room she take . innkeeper only two room . other one 's mine . I have not actually change the sheet yet , hope you do not mind . as she rummages around for the room key ... innkeeper ( cont 'd ) I do not know about you vehicle 's battery but you might wanna get it in the shed before it drop tonight . Radio say it 's a storm . int . room - inn - night the innkeeper unlock it , let slone enter . he stand there with he duffel bag , look at the dingy wood - slat room . he set he bag down ( with a audible clink ! of gunmetal inside ) and slowly approach the bed . she watch as ... he draw back the cover , bend low , and breathes in deeply the scent of the sheet . after a beat ... he turn back to she . slone the indian Hunter ? something wild in he eye make she swallow . 78 . ext . abandoned mining camp —- night looking up the slope of the valley wall to a cave mouth : animal - skin curtain and firelight shimmer inside . tilt down to find slone hike steadily up towards it . int . hunter JOHN 's cave - night hunter JOHN ( 60 ) look up from a steaming stew pot , grin in welcome . imp -ey , skeletal and bald with a beard to he chest , dress all in animal skin . slone enter , stooping low and unzipping he coat in the claustrophobic warmth of several smoking brazier . it 's pack with stuff : bear skin and hunt rifle , folk art and motor part , old National geographic and playboys . and mask . dozen , various crude animal face of wood and cloth and pelt , display on the wall . slone see they . hunter JOHN come eat . he ladle up a second bowl for slone , offer a spot to sit . slone take a bite , watch Hunter John slurp the broth . eventually ... hunter JOHN ( cont ’d ) she know you be come for she . she tell I what she do , too . that 's why she come to I . for counsel . she have one of my mask . I do not know how she get it . I share they with traveler and they find they way to who need they . slone you let she go from here . hunter JOHN not my business what she do . there 's no decree in the country . it do not reach here . I help who come ask . he peer across at slone , a small know smile . hunter JOHN ( cont ’d ) I remember you , traveler . just a little tyke last time you be here . all that yellow hair ? 79 . slone why do we come ? hunter JOHN to see I . you father want wolf 's oil . it be for you . do you know that ? he say you be unnatural . that be he word . a indian witch from he village say wolf 's oil could cure you . do it work ? I give he the oil . slone stare at he . he -- what ? for just a instant there it look as if he might shed tear . he clear he throat . slone ( so soft ) where do she go ? hunter JOHN not my business . I trade she my truck and I have say I get the better deal . fix she up with some boot I would make . she leave she mask , though . Hunter John gesture vaguely with he spoon into a corner . hunter JOHN ( cont ’d ) you be welcome to it , boy . as slone look back and rise out of frame , Hunter John return he attention to he meal ... hunter JOHN ( cont ’d ) when be the last time you wear a mask ? I can see you need to let the wolf out a little . we all do , out here . it 's truth . Hunter John look up to see slone , hunch beneath the low cave roof with he back to he . but turn slowly around now ... with medora 's wolf mask on he face and the 9mm pistol in he hand . they stare at each other in flicker firelight . ext . abandoned mining camp —- night looking up at the cave as--bang.bang .--gunshots echo from the dance light within and wash down over the camp . 80. int . inn - night the innkeeper look up from a magazine , hearing the shot . ext . hunter JOHN 's cave - night slone-as - Wolf emerge , he eye black pit in the mask , a out of control FIRE jumping to life in the cave behind he . ext . road - abandoned mining camp - night slone-as - Wolf stalk towards the inn , the gun in he hand , a distant FIRE blaze in the cliffside high above he . he near the inn , raise the gun as he pass he 4x4 when -- bam . window glass explode and slone buckle : he’s hit . the innkeeper step from behind the inn , aiming a rifle on he , her eye wild with fear . bam . bam . bam . slone wriggles into the truck as bullet punch its door and glass sprays he face . bam . bam . bam . the innkeeper advance , firing on the 4x4 as -- inside it , slone fumble the key into the ignition with bloody finger and grind the starter --krrr ! outside , the innkeeper step into the road , firing on the 4x4 as it fishtail away from her in great twin - geyser of snow . bam . bam . bam . CUT to black . int . kitchen —- marium home - night Susan prepare a plate at the stove : spaghetti and sauce and bread . she bring it over and set it down for ... marium , wait at the table with he hand steeple before he face . Band - aids on he face . sunken . haunted . she join he with she own plate , eyeing he , concerned but understanding . oh , he notice he food there . marium ... thank you ... she touch he hand . he give she a frail , phony smile . 81. she frown at that , do not , and he let the smile go . let she see the grief in he face . hold she hand tightly . a moment like that and then they both look up to ... core , return to he plate , carefully replace he napkin in he lap . he look a shell of himself , utterly deplete . Susan reach for the bottle of wine , gesture to pour he some . core hesitates then slide he glass over with a nod . he take a sip , look around at this modest , new - model house . cream - color paint and particle - board cabinet . core you home be lovely . Susan smile but it do not quite reach she eye . they eat . utensil clink on plate . susan Donald say you be a writer . core I write . yes . susan what kind of storey ? core I write about nature . I be not sure if that 's a story . susan be it fulfil ? she be maybe ask to be polite but core stare intensely down into he plate , like the truth might be hide there . core you do a thing and ... at some point that 's what you be . I do not know if that 's the same . but I love wolf very much . I use to study they . live with they for a time . near they , anyway . ( he 's see they now ) they be very beautiful . marium look up from he food , glance at Susan : this naked emotion be awkward at the dinner table . core realize this , be embarrassed . 82. core ( cont ’d ) ( gesture , you baby ) um. how much longer do you have ? Susan can not help but to smile , touch she big belly . susan February . core smile in a vague and long kind of way . core almost here . ( beat ) do you know what you be have ? she shake she head , add ... susan he want a boy though . now marium can not help but to smile . marium no , a girl be good , too . a fogey like I have he first kid ? anything be fine . core what be you ... forty ? marium forty three . core '' fogey . '' hah . i’1l trade with you . a beat , the two man regard each other , Susan watch . marium be you a father ? core blink . swallow hard . core yes . susan what 's he name ? her name ? core swallow . just say it break he heart ... 83. core ( very quiet ) Amy . marium refill core 's glass , then Susan 's , then he own . marium what 's it like ? he consider he answer ... he shrug , core amazing . I wish I have understand that better at the time . I think I think she would love I by nature of that fact that I exist . that that would be enough , without be there . susan you travel for you work . core when I be young , yes . susan that be for she . to make money for she . core there be way to make money that do not involve be apart from you family . but even later , when I be at home ... I still be not there . in my little room across the hall , you know ? do my work . he eye shine . core ( cont ’d ) and when she have trouble , y’know , like young people do , I uh ... I guess I be not much help . he have a sip of wine . let it settle . core ( cont 'd ) you like to think you be devote to you child . you say this to people . ' I would do anything for she . anything . 's and it feel correct in you mouth when you say it . but then ... you go ahead with you life . 84 . Susan do not know what to say . the phone ring , once , twice , and on three marium finally get up to answer in the kitchen . we can hear he murmuring in there . core and Susan sit in silence . her fork clink on she plate . int . kitchen - marium home - same marium nod into the phone , lean one - hand against the wall like some great weight be pull he down by the neck . marium right . okay . yeah . he hang up , grip he forehead , exhales . when he open he eye , core be stand in the doorway with the empty wine bottle , wait for the news . marium gesture at the phone , troubled ... marium ( cont 'd ) County a few hour east of here . a man in a mining camp be kill tonight . some recluse , sound like . Witness speak to the killer and describe Vernon slone perfectly . she uh ... she say he wear a wolf mask . core set the empty bottle on the counter . chnk . core now what ? marium first light they 'il turn that whole valley upside down . he lift he eye to core 's ... marium ( cont 'd ) but if we can not get ahead of he , more people be gonna die . int . MAIN room - shad 's house - night a percocet pill be crush beneath a dollar with a lighter . shan martin ( 35 ) chop it , snort it . he 's doughy , dull - eye , smear with bad tattoo . his house be filthy : you can smell the bong water and cat piss . abrasive metal on the CD player . 85 . on the mute tv : a solemn reporter outside of cheeon 's house , cop and ambulance all over . chyron : massacre in keelut . shan watch in stone disbelief . on the tv : a mug shot of cheeon ( several year old ) become slone' service photo with a police hotline number below it . shan light a cigarette , astonished . tkk . a noise from somewhere else . he look . tkk . he get up , cut the music off ( the buzz of the space heater now the only sound in here ) and listen . freak out . he stub out he smoke . int . utility room - same the overhead bulb click on and shan creep through this chilly room ( he breath already fogging ) for wash sink and mop bucket . he 's get a baseball bat cocked back . he unlock the double deadbolt on the door there and step into total darkness ... int . garage - continuous .-- which , click ! , suddenly reveal itself to be a twin BAY auto garage as he hit the light . the wind outside whistle . he edge anxiously past shelf of tool and spray can and junk part , a half - tarped snowmobile and a truck cover in rock not roll sticker , until - - he near something , he face bunching in confusion . the door be open just half a inch , bump with the wind outside . the latch housing be break , force apart . on shan , gape at it as we realize someone else be here . he whirl , gasp , almost drop the bat because -- shan jeezchrist ! slone be slouched in the corner , barely conscious , one bloody hand clutching he blood - soaked shoulder . 86 . shan ( cont ’d ) goddamn , vern . be a while . ( glance to the door ) break my door , huh ? slone you alone here ? shan what ? yeah . shelly move out a while back . it 's just we . slone nod , almost doze but struggle back into focus -- slone I need you help . shan y-yeah . sure thing . slone get cheeon for I . shan cheeon ? the fuck you be , man ? slone read the grim meaning in that . int . bedroom - shan 's house - night slone , shirtless on the bed , on he stomach , face clammily into camera while ... in the background , shan busy back and forth . shan I be sorry , man . I know you boy be tight . cheeon never do like cop , do he ? make himself a real bloodbath up there . goddamn . shan cross , collect thing . drawer and cabinet slam . shan ( cont ’d ) and the other thing ...uh . they say it on the news . Bailey . just a fuck nightmare , man . just senseless . medora . fuck . slone blink , lizard - like . at the bathroom sink , shan scrub a pair of needle - nose plier with a wire brush and greasecutter . 87 . shan ( cont ’d ) so who shot you ? slone a woman . shan shit ... who be not be shot by a woman ? a bottle of vodka be set on the bedside table . and two percocets . some washcloth , a x-acto blade , a soup pan of hot water . slone wince as shan kneel beside he , inspect -- the bullet hole in slone' shoulder . the bleed have slowed , more of a sluggish ooze now , but it 's deep and chew open . shan ( cont ’d ) Jesus , this go through something first ? slone a truck . shan yeah . look like it come apart , alright . probably why you be still breathe . shan swig the vodka , then hold it near slone 's hand ... shan ( cont ’d ) pull on this . and take that . it 's gonna hurt like a motherfucker . edging painfully up onto he elbow , slone palm the pill into he mouth and glug the bottle . as he ease back down ... shan ( cont ’d ) do not worry , vern . I do this a million time . get you clean up , get some hot soup in you and -- slone what kind ? shan huh ? slone what kind of soup ? 88 . shan Campbell 's chicken . slone I like tomato . shan you be fuck shot , man . ' I like tomato . 's Jesus Christ . shake he head at that , shan bend in with the x-acto blade to start he work and slone buckle in white - hot agony . CUT to black . int . bedroom - marium home - night Susan lay curl on she side as marium draw she cover up . bend low to kiss she on the cheek , gently stroke she hair . she look at he with a serious kind of adoration . she whisper something to he that we can not hear . he smile and whisper something back . int . hallway - marium home - night as marium back out of the bedroom , quietly close the door on the darken room , he pause , hearing ... a faint clinking of dish from elsewhere in the house . int . kitchen - same marium appear in the doorway , see that -- core be wash the dish . try to be quiet about it . marium join he , pour two glass of whiskey , hand one to core . they clink glass , not merrily , and drink . and then marium start to dry the dish , put they away as core rinse they . as they work ... core have you ever see anything like that today ? 89 . marium I kick in a meth lab , few year ago . guy take a coupla pop at I with a .22 , a purse gun . sounded like bubble wrap . he be as close to I as you be and miss every shot . scariest moment of my entire life . ( beat ) no . I have never see anything like that today . core you handle yourself . marium ( bitterly ) I give he what he want . the dish be do . they lean there and drink , exhaust . marium ( cont 'd ) why do you stop ? with the wolf , I mean . core oh . there be ... people ... ( he practically spit that word out . ) core ( cont ’d ) they come onto the reservation . to camp . they bring they infant with they . ten month old . they drank champagne and fall asleep . there be a wolf , she be starve , and she come into the tent . marium listen in stillness . core 's eye be elsewhere . core ( cont 'd ) the authority , they ... well . I be hire to do it and I do it . I think I feel like , better it be I than some policeman in a helicopter . they eye meet and hold . core ( cont ’d ) slone kill the old woman . marium nod . 90 . marium knive be not cheeon 's style . it be slone . core and the coroner ? that policeman ? now this hermit tonight ? he nod again . marium depend how this all shake out we might never know for sure but , yes , I believe so . core why ? marium move he hand , a mystify gesture . marium stop we from get to medora first . or to get at the boy 's body . or maybe he 's just evil . I can not presume to know what 's in Vernon slone 's head . why any of it ? why would medora do what she do ? I be not convinced the answer exist . core they do . whether or not they can fit with we experience be something else . marium what do you think ? core I be not a cop . marium you deal in behavior . only difference be the piece of tin . core snort , shake he head . but then grow serious , thoughtful ... core she say thing to I . she have be leave alone with he . he be wrong , she say . it be like she want to fix he . save he . I do not know . gl . marium save he by destroy he ? core it happen in medicine . chemotherapy . marium this be not chemotherapy . this be a little boy . save he from what ? core the dark . marium frown . wait for more . core ( cont 'd ) in she . in he . outside she window . she tell I about it but I uh ... I be not listen . core kill he drink , stare into the empty glass ... core ( cont ’d ) I think that 's why she write I . it be already do by then but I think she want a witness to she life . to tell she story . and I think she want to be punish . marium consider this , top off he glass , and as he top off core 's ... marium well , you be the story guy . but for the other part all she need be to wait for vern . and if he find she before we do , she ’1ll damn sure get she wish . core I want to go home , detective marium . marium Donald . and you be free to leave anytime . marium stare out the dark window , mystify . 92 . marium ( cont 'd ) I swear to God ... soon as this be over I be take Susan on a beach vacation . Caribbean , someplace , hot sand and green water . he take a slow sip , turn back , and see that ... core be look at he with a expression of lightning realization : oh my God . marium ( cont 'd ) what ? core '' good place to get clean . '' int . den - marium home - night moving over a topo map , elevation mark , dark smudge of forest , dot with name . there 's keelut . core frown at the map on the table , wrack he brain . marium watch , wait , desperately hopeful . but finally ... core I do not know , I can not tell from this . it be north of keelut but ... I be not sure how long I have be walk . time be strange . marium deflate , he hope dash ... but he press it -- marium look , if there 's even a chance ... if we can find she , it might be as good as find he . something flicker across core 's face , some kind of decision , and he look at marium with a new , anxious kind of resolve ... core I would know it if I see it again . hear that , marium 's fire start to return . ext . the hot spring - day slowly pushing in on the steaming cave mouth , with that circle of dark snowless ground spread before it . 93 . two people enter frame , see from behind , hike towards the cave with backpack and cold weather gear . they pause , regard this odd sight on a bright sunny day . it 's slone and medora . they look so much young , out of breath but energize . they look happy . it 's some other time . slone be that it ? medora hurry . they continue up towards the cave . int . the hot spring - day steamy air and slick , craggy rock . echoing footstep as ... medora lead slone by the hand , out of the sunlight behind they , into this warm dimness . they drop they pack , unzip they heavy coat , remove they fur-line hat . candle be bring from a pack , arrange and light . in the soft dance light , medora peel out of she clothes , watch as ... slone peel out of he clothes and come towards she , smile . as gentle as we have ever see this man , like another person entirely . they embrace at the edge of a steaming hot spring , a deep pool of calm black water , rippling with candlelight . they kiss , hungrily , they reflection upside - down and shatter endlessly on the water 's surface . medora reach down between he leg , he reach down between hers . they claw at each other , panting and press . entwine , they descend into the water . medora ( whisper ) we will stay here forever . in this place . 94 . slone ( whisper ) I will never leave you . slowly pulling away from they coupling as the steam catch candlelight in eerie way , softly splash water and throat sound echoing together as -- int . bedroom - shan 's house - night slone 's eye SNAP awake . the light be off but we can see the fresh wad of bandage on he shoulder as he sit up . even in darkness we see it on he face : I know where she be . int . MAIN room - shan 's house - night close on shan , anxiously drag on a smoke as he whisper into the phone -- shan I be say he 's right here , right now , in my house . what ? no , he 's pass out but I do not know for how much longer so get you people out here pronto and I want that special consideration -- huh ? what do you mean , weapon ? no , there 's no gun but he 's carry one big ass knife ... the phone cord be pluck from its wall socket . mid-sentence , shan hear the line go dead and turn to see -- slone-as - wolf in the doorway , shirtless , mask - face , drop the phone cord , the bowie knife clutch in he fist . at first , shan try to play it off ... shan ( cont ’d ) Hell have you get that thing ? go lay down , you will start bleed again . slone - as- Wolf step in , black eye socket lock on shan . shan 's mouth hang open , lowering the phone . shan ( cont ’d ) I be in trouble , man . it 's that pill , I be fuck up . they get I , I be look at real time . 95 . slone - as - Wolf move closer . shan plead with he hand -- shan ( cont ’d ) but I be gonna wake you up , get you outta here before they show up ! I swear . I have get my good citizen point , you have be go , no harm do ! shan back and slide . slone - as - Wolf move closer . shan ( cont ’d ) C ’mon , motherfucker , I just save you life ! you show up here like this ? after what you do ? ask for help and I help you ! shan 's against the wall and pray he hand together . shan ( cont ’d ) please , vern. please . we be knowin’ each other since we be kid . but slone - as - Wolf say nothing , almost in arm 's reach now . shan ( cont 'd ) fuck you , then ! fuck you ! shan grab a ashtray , hurl it but --— slone -as -wolf slap it aside , swing the bowie knife in a haymaker directly into shan 's temple -- pok .-- up to the hilt . shan ( cont 'd ) «.. vern ... shan go limp as a dishrag but slone -as - wolf keep he upright by the knife in he skull , power he across the room like a bust marionette . CUT to black . in blackness , the thrum of immense atmospheric chaos mix with urgent , bottom - register music that carry over ... ext . denali - pre -dawn a STORM gather over the mountain , a roiling steel - color halo form around the high summit in North America . unreal in its hugeness . the sky crackle with dark energy . 96 . ext . AIR strip - dawn slone 's boot stride mechanically forward . but of course it 's core wear they . he and marium , side by side in heavy outdoor gear , come briskly down the tarmac . they see : a SMALL plane take off , another one already taxiing into position . tense cop visible in the window . cop in weather gear jogging by in the background . full deployment . up ahead , there 's a cluster of state police car , where some older ranking officer be wave marium over . as marium jog ahead to confer with that man -- a stiff wind blows , core turn into it and blink in awe at -- denali , a black mass at once distant and enormous , swell out of the horizon line , conjure a STORM to its peak . he be hypnotize , sway . marium come jogging back , point core off towards a -- two - seater cessna prop plane , wait nearby , with just a few airport worker buzzing about it but no police . core join he , glance around , realize ... core just we ? as marium load he gear , move urgently -- marium a old ka of slone 's be find this morning with a mail slot through he skull . half the man be work that , the rest be assist the camp search so I be afraid , yeah , it 's just we . you eyeball it , I ’'11 call it in . marium climb into the plane , check control and slip on the headset with practice familiarity . he look out to core as he start the engine , vrr-rrr-rrmm ! marium ( cont 'd ) ( shouting over the noise ) besides ... only two seat in this sucker ! 97 . suddenly dizzy , core stare at the mountain , gulp deep breath . with the deafen engine noise between they , marium give he a question look . you ready ? core nod , yes . it 's a lie . he climb into the plane anyway . the music be a dread -fuele , ramming - speed wall of sound . ext . tarmac - day tracking the cessna as it speed down the runway and , as if pluck up by some invisible giant , gently leave the ground . ext . aerial - day the music crescendos into a teeth-rattling doooooom as ... the cessna fly toward denali . though it 's maybe fifty mile away , the plane look like a insect before a great dark ziggurat . the sky all around be swollen and evil . int . cessna ( flying ) - same core gape at the storm gather off the mountain ... marium ( headset filter ) local call it weathermaker . core ( also ) mckinley ? marium denali . please . you lower 48er ... core can we beat that storm ? marium we will get out of its way . but marium glance out the window and maybe be not all that confident . he urge the throttle up and -- 98 . ext . aerial —- same bird be eye view of the cessna at 500 feet , move parallel to a thin stripe of road cut through the whiteness below -- -- but now veering off to the right , the road disappear beneath they , no more man-made landmark of any kind . int . keelut - day the white haire yup ’ik man ( we see he earlier , with he boy , return from a hunt ) be readying he snowmobile when -- vrrrrrm . he look up to see the cessna pass over he at low altitude , vanish as quickly as it appear . int . cessna ( flying ) - same marium fly in the weird half - light , the increase cloud cover make for a kind of morning dusk . core peer out the window through binocular , scan the ground . he gesture to marium , that way . marium bank the aircraft . ext . aerial - same the cessna fly low over wilderness , a windy stretch we might recognize from core 's trek earlier . int . cessna ( flying ) - same look through the binocular , core suddenly straighten -- core 's Pov pass over a incongruous black rectangle with man-made angle , down there in the whiteness . core I think that be a snow machine . marium move ? core no. marium see anyone ? 99 . core no . marium I be gonna loop back -- core wait -- core lower the binocular , eye fix on a near point outside the window . he tap the glass -- core ( cont 'd ) there . Beyond that ridge . out the right window , distant but plainly visible within a low flatness surround by wooded ridge and craggy cliff ... ... there be a almost perfect circle of dark snowless ground with a thread of steam bend upwards from its center . core ( cont 'd ) that 's it . marium look , see it , gauge the terrain ... marium I can set we down over there . he say it like a offer , a possibility . he look to core ... who be terrify . but he nod . do it . marium ( cont 'd ) I will be gentle . core fuck . marium bank it hard . ext . aerial —- same the cessna curve around , angle down toward the flatness . int . cessna ( flying ) - same core grip he strap two -hande , wince away from the inevitable crash as marium guide they in -- 100 . ext . flatness - same the cessna glide gracefully down to the ground until --kam !-- the brutal landing contact violently jerk the wingspan . int . cessna ( moving ) - same wam ! core be slammed into the window as marium pull back -- ext . flatness - same the cessna brodies , shear up a massive wave of snow , slide to a long groaning halt . and the propeller wind down , wak - wak - wak - wak-wak-wak ... ext . flatness - day marium cinch the strap of he scoped weatherby rifle over he thick orange coat , bring up he binoculars , scan the landscape . marium 's Pov , the icy flatness extend to craggy ridge and cliff in the distance , the telltale steam rise beyond . he look over to ... core , climb out of the cessna and tromping this way . marium dig into he pocket , hand something to he as he arrive ... it 's a pair of charcoal pocket warmer . core nod in thanks , snap they and slip they inside he glove . wide on the two men hike away from the cessna , across the plain of pure white as the sky turn to slate above they . Far away , thunder rumble . ext . ravine - day rock wall tower over we , leave and right , as marium and core appear at the far end and come this way . ice sheet cascade down either side , glitter in some place , opaque in other , like waterfall stop in time . core marvel up at they , tower over they head , a stripe of sky visible up there . 101 . ext . below a ridge - day they emerge from the ravine , a rocky ridge rise to one side , dense wood spread to the other . suddenly ... core stop , bend to look down at something . marium sense it , look back to see the -- wolf track , several set of they spot the snow . marium how fresh be they ? core a hour or two , I would say . four of they , adult . a hundred pound apiece , give or take . marium four . where 's the rest of the pack ? core not far , I have guess . they de must be nearby . they glance about uneasily , ahead of and behind they . marium Little bit further ? core 's eye be ringed with fear but ... core yeah . marium we see anything ... we 's 1ll turn back , call it in . core right . they crunch onwards towards the wood . a gust of snowy wind stir a sparkling whiteness around they . core glance over he shoulder , the ravine recede behind they like a sideways mouth . he look upwards , the crooked edge of the ridge above they ... something move up there . a dark wisp , a split-second blur . 102 . core stop , stare up , he breath fogging slowly . he bring out he own binoculars , squint through they ... marium stop , look back . marium what ? core I see something move . marium look up in the same direction . a long beat , the two of they side by side , look up at the ridge . the wind make its faint flute-noise . core 's binocular Pov , pan along the ridge , pause at various place , see nothing ... and nothing ... and nothing ... and then see slone - as - Wolf , stand on the ridge , look down at they with he bowstring already draw back . he let the bowstring go and in corex binocular Pov it 's perfectly silent , just the slight twitch of movement . core ( cont 'd ) he 's -- there be a sound like handclap and when core look over -- marium be take a single shocked step backwards with a arrow sticking through he throat . core gape in horror as -- marium flutter he hand around the shaft of the arrow , like swatting at fly , blood gurgling out of he mouth . core pull he down to some kind of safety behind some rock , throw he own body of marium 's , try to press he glove over the wound ... core ( cont ’d ) Donald . but marium 's already dead , he eye fix and startle . pant in terror , core peek over the rock but -- up on the ridge , there be no sight of slone or anything else . core wrestle the rifle from marium 's shoulder and ... he run , awkwardly , bound over snowy ground towards -- 103 . the ravine , yawn ahead of he . ext . ravine - same core hurtle through the passage , carome off the icy wall , he raspy breathing make surreal echoe in here . ext . flatness - same wide , the small shape of core dash back towards the plane . at the cessna , core arrive gasp , a moan of despair leak out of he as he see ... the engine housing have be open , the cable and plug inside tear loose . he peer inside the open door to see ... the control panel have be hack apart , instrument smashed ... and the radio wire have be cut . he scream , a explosion of fury and frustration and despair . he sag against the ruin plane a moment , then notice -- marium 's duffel , tuck under the pilot 's seat . he yank it out , paw it open , pitifully hopeful but ... it 's just some sock . and a pint of whiskey . and a dog-eare book . core turn it over ... ' prepare for fatherhood . 's core let it drop back into the bag and instead grab the booze , swallow several gulp . he look to the far side of the flatness , where they fly in , the STORM fill the sky there , threateningly close . and he look back the other way , towards the ravine , where he just come from . core stare off , he eye go totally empty , off in some bleak daydream . and then ... he have a final pull of whiskey . he check the bolt of the rifle , ch-chk ! and he start back towards the ravine . 104 . ext . ravine - day core come towards we , the rifle to he shoulder , aim forward . terrify but move at a steady , determine pace . ext . below the ridge - day marium 's body lay ahead , already frosting over . the pool of blood under he neck be red ice . as core pass by , there be a howling nearby , several wolf voice join with the shrill wind . he glance up but ... up on the ridge , there be no movement , no sign of anyone . he continue . ext . the hot spring - day the steaming cave mouth loom ahead as ... core enter the clear , scan leave and right with the rifle , approach that strange dark spot in the Earth . more howling , closer now . int . the hot spring - same core 's silhouette appear in the cave open , bend to come inside . he blink rapidly , edging forward , try to adjust he eye . there 's that waxy substance in the crack of the floor . his eye track it back , deeper into the cave until he see ... some lit candle . flicker in the cold breeze . and a FIRE circle , just ash now , with the toothpick bone of a hare scattered beside it . he see canned food stack to one side , a dirty sleeping roll , a small .22 rifle . it be Bailey 's once , be not it ? he see a pair of pelt boot stand next to the hot pool ... and then realize that they be connect to leg . she 's barely visible in the dimness . just a shape there , but he can hear she breathing . 105 . core medora slone . she do not answer . core ( cont 'd ) be you injure ? she take a step forward , closer to the light . now he can see she : dress in animal skin , she sink cheek , she filthy skin and wild hair and bright , shine eye . core ( cont ’d ) listen to I ... we have to leave . we have to leave now . he be come . he 's come for you . the light in the cave change and she face seem to twist as she caw in dread . core turn . slone - as- Wolf be there , he compound bow draw back . fwipt ! the arrow pierce core through the collar - bone , punch through the other side of he . time and sound turn dreamy as he sink to he knee , reach uncertainly for the arrow , afraid to actually touch it . medora stand there with tear in she eye . slone - as - Wolf drop the bow , regard she through he wolf face , he breath steaming out of the snout . he stalk slowly towards she . she moan but it almost sound like relief . he step over core , who watch from the cave floor as ... medora sob , open she arm to slone , nodd he forward . come to I . slone reach out , put both hand around she throat ( she be still nodd ) ... he lift her off the ground , slam her against the cave wall . core 's mouth move soundlessly , want to call out but know that he 's die . slone - as- Wolf pin medora , he black eye hole empty and pitiless as he squeeze she air off . 106 . and still she nod , yes , yes , yes . he squeeze . her mouth wag like a beach fish . not much longer . but then she hand move to he mask , she finger spider over the fur , pull it back to reveal he face ... which be full not of rage ... but of bottomless tear-streaked anguish . they face be inch apart . they white - blonde hair , they grey - gold eye . core see this . a terrible understanding . she pull slone 's face to hers . put she mouth on he . they breathe into each other , make animal noise of hurt and hunger . she claw at slone 's clothing . he claw at hers . they sink down together , knock the candle over as they coil onto each other 's body . New trickle of spill candle wax snake across the cave floor , wind past core 's face . he see this happen as we ... fade to black . int . the hot spring - later core 's eye open , bleary , pain -fogge . he turn he head ... Vernon slone emerge from the darkness , naked , come towards core with something in he hand . in the shadow behind he , we glimpse medora , watch they as she dress . slone stand over core , look down without expression . core ... the ... the boot ... slone what ? core ... they be yours ... 107 . slone kneel beside he , light the cigarettes in he hand and hold it to core 's mouth for a drag . slone you keep they . core inhale , nod gratefully , let the smoke drizzle out . slone look out towards the mouth of the cave , where the freezing wind keens and the light seem to fade . and he turn he gaze down to core , question but patient . slone ( cont 'd ) well ... what do you want ? core know what he be ask . his eye fill with tear . he look to medora , who stare back at he in something almost like tenderness . he look back to slone ... flash to : corex dripping hand in the bathtub the other night , hover over the razor . resume : he swallow painfully . lift he head , just a bit , to answer with a whisper certainty ... core I would rather live . slone nod slowly , accept core 's decision . he hold the cigarette out to he for one more drag and ... slone yank the arrow out . as core scream we -- CUT to black . int . the hot spring - later core return to half - consciousness and see that slone be dress , pack the last of medora 's provision . 108 . medora be beside he , bundle in layer of skin and fur , lace up she boot . she notice core be awake , straighten , look at he the way a parent look at a heartbroken child . medora ( softly ) you understand about the sky now , do not you ? he just stare back at she , he non- answer a kind of yes . they shoulder they pack and the rifle , stand there for a moment , solemnly stare down at core . and then they walk past he , on out of the cave without another word . grunting with pain and effort , core roll over to see out of the cave open where ... out there , slone and medora walk away together , gradually disappear into a blast of snowy wind . ext . below the ridge - later core crawl . snow and wind lash at he face , he beard be cake with ice . he drag himself over the ground with one elbow , he other deaden arm drag along . but it 's a progress of inch . he 's not go to make it out of here . his face be gnarled with the boring agony of it all . he stop , rest he face in the snow , heaving for breath as the weather hammer down on he . and when he finally lift he head again , he be not at all surprised to see ... the wolve , all of they , gather on the ridge above he and gaze down like some kind of council in judgment . a quiet moment . core and this animal . his face be too freeze for much expression ... but he be not afraid . if anything , he seem to welcome what will come next . CUT to black . silence . and then a strange buz ... a motor ? come closer ? 109 . ext . below the ridge - day fragmented image , core 's hazy Pov : snow blows sideways and thunder rumble . a goggle face bend down towards we out of the storm , inspect we . and now we see ... a snowmobile , nearby , where two figure be haul a dead elk calf off of the attach sled . glove hand drag we towards this sled . ext . snowmobile ( moving ) - day the engine rumble and core slide along the ground , bounce , bundle under a tarp . he crane he neck to see ... it 's the white - haire yup ’ik man drive the snowmobile , hunch into the wind , with he boy riding behind he . as they near the ravine , core catch a brief glimpse of ... scrap of shredd orange coat in a smear of bloody snow . the Boy look back , peer at core through he dark goggle . say something that can not be hear over the engine . core ... what ? the boy they spare you . core lay back , stare up into the churn sky as ... the snowmobile be swallowed by the ravine . int . healing hut - some other time core , naked on a cot in some dark cabin as several yup ’ik women wash he by firelight . they use plastic water bottle with hole in the cap to squirt water over he , wiping away the blood with sponge . someone clean the arrow wound with alcohol , slather antibiotic ointment on it . core do not feel it . the fire throw crazy shadow . the air be haze with smoke . his head tip sideways and he see ... 110 . a older blonde woman ( 60 ) watch from the corner without expression . she 's tall and gaunt , in a tatter old anorak . tire _grey - gold eye . the only other white person here . she come near , look wearily down at core a long moment . and then bend down to pick up ... slone 's boot , wait beside the cot with the rest of core 's blood - soak clothes . core watch she turn and leave the cabin , he view of she now obscure by the yup ’ik woman and they clean of he . CUT to black . int . hospital room - day clean -shaven now , core fade back to consciousness , disorient and weak . Hospital sound , beep and murmur . his lip be chap and split , the skin of he cheek pink and flaking , a bruise puffed under one eye . hurt to swallow . his eye fall on something and he stare at it for a long , long beat . if he never look away , that would be fine . a woman ( 30 ) , asleep in a chair by he bedside in a holiday sweater and horn-rimmed glass , a newspaper in she lap . the moment stretch , core gaze at she in love and sadness . core Amy . she wake with a start , see he , make a smile sob sound of relief and concern as she rise and ... kiss he on the cheek . hold he hand , tightly . amy what happen ? he 's smile ... but a hint of shadow fall over he face . core I 'il tell you . CUT to black . in blackness , a wolf howl carry from far away , a lone interminable note of sorrow . end .