fade in : ext : TEXAS desert -- helicopter shot -- sunrise we glide across the vast TEXAS desert ... flow into the purple sky like a conveyor belt of golden sand paper . narrator ( elderly voice ) once ... when it be still early in the twenty - first century ... there exist a prison in a sea of sand . all sign of life in this place have be destroy by something terrible ... and that something have dry up into the earth ... and the earth be a prison for all mankind . we approach a desolate road ... stretch off into the horizon ... as a lone schoolbus drive along leave a thunder blaze of dust behind it . we approach the schoolbus ... where a lone figure can be see through a dirty glass window . narrator ( cont have ) there be oung man name stanley Kramer . héacommitted a crime ... and he be send out into the depth of nowhere to be punish . int : schoolbus -- next sitting handcuffed in the middle section of the schoolbus be stanley kramer ( age 16 ) , a handsome young man with blue eye and blonde hair . he look out the window ... he head almost rest against the glass . warrator he do not feel sorry for what he have do ... but feel sorrow be not adequate punishment for such a crime . feeling sorrow do not absolve the crime from the memory of the victim ... if the victim be still breathe . stanley look forward to the guard drive the bus ... as it begin to slow down . guard ( yell over the engine ) you awake , Kramer ? stanley yes , sir . guard welcome to Camp Green Lake . ext : camp GREEN lake —- next the schoolbus turn underneath a ancient arc shape signpost that read : welcome to camp GREEN lake . the sign be brand new . the schoolbus follow the dirt road out towards a cluster of building in the distance . narrator when it be all say and do ... people say that it be fate that send he to the prison . other say that it be mere coincidence ... one of many coincidence that form the rhythm ... guide the child out into the unknown . the schoolbus pull up in front of the MAIN build . the engine cut off with a shudder ... and the guard lead stanley out of the bus ... take he inside . int : camp GREEN lake -- MAIN build -- next war while stanley stand quietly against the wall , the guard sign several form at a desk ... behind which sit mister sir ( age 40 ) . he have he foot up on the desk casually , chew on sunflower seed . the guard unlock stanley 's handcuff from he wrist and foot . guard five hour here . five hour back . ( sigh ) what a day . the guard head out the door in a huff . Mr. Sir spit out a mouthful of sunflower seed into the trash can , and then approach stanley . mr . sir stanley Kramer . my name be Mr. sir. ( beat ) whenever you speak to I you must call I by my name , be that clear ? stanley yes , mister Sir . mr . sir you answer to I now . int : MAIN build supply room -- next stanley be now dress in a longsleeve blue jumpsuit . mr . sir you get three jumpsuit . wash be every two week . unfortunately for you ... we be out of sunscreen . supply truck do not come for two week . but by then ... you skin will be nice and leathery . Mr. Sir hand stanley a shiny five foot metal shovel . mr . sir ( cont have ) you be to dig one hole each day , except Sunday . bach hole must be exactly five foot deep , and five foot across in every direction . you shovel be you measure stick . Breakfast be serve at 4:30 . Mr. six turn toward the doorway . mr . sir ( cont have ) no one be go to baby - sit you . the longer it take to dig , the longer you will be out in the sun . if you dig up anything interesting ... anything at all ... you be to report it to I or any other counselor . when you finish , the rest of the day be yours . ext : camp GREEN lake -- next wer ee ) stanley and Mr. Sir step out of the\air- condition building into the blaze heat . large tent be assemble several hundred yard to the east . stanley can see dozen of other prisoner milling about in they jumpsuit past the tent . mr . sir take a good look around you . ( beat ) what do you see ? stanley gaze across the expanse of dry earth . stanley not much . Mr. Sir feign a laugh . mr . sir you see any guard tower ? stanley no. mr. sir how about a electric fence ? stanley no. mr. sir there 's no fence at all , be there ? stanley no. mr , sir you want to run away ? stanley look at he for a moment , unsure of how to respond . mr . sir ( cont would ) if you want to run away , go ahead , start run . I be not go to stop you . Mr. Sir smile at he ... revealing crooked yellow tooth . mr . sir ( cont have ) I see you be look at my gun . do not worry . I be not go to shoot you . ( he tap he holster ) this be for yellow spot lizard . I would not waste a bullet on you . stanley I be not go to run away . mr . sir good think . nobody run away from here . we do not need a fence . know why ? because we have get the only water for a hundred mile . you want to run away ? you ’1l1 be buzzard food in three day . stanley stare at he silently , show no emotion . mr. sir ( cont have ) when the buzzard start gnaw at you flesh ... most likely ... you / lile still be alive . ( lean in ) so go ahead and run ... ' cause I do not ever waste a bullet . stanley do not flinch . stanley mister six ... be not every bullet ... a waste bullet ? surprise at stanley 's aggressive demeanor , Mr. six raise he gun to stanley 's face . mr . sir not if I hit the target right between the eye . stanley but be not that a even great waste ? ( beat ) the waste of a live thing I mean . Mr. Sir do not follow . stanley ( cont have ) I think that it be a far great waste ... when a bullet tear through flesh ... destroy what God have build . ( beat ) cut life short . mister Sir 's smile disappear . stanley ( cont have ) if anything ... when a bullet miss its target ... well ... . consider that to be a miracle from God . Mr. six appraise stanley for a long moment . he then take out he canteen and take a long , sloppy drink in front of stanley in the searing heat of the midday sun . mr . sir you thirsty , stanley ? stanley yes , mister Sir . mp , sic seas the cap ow the canktottn oam poo ext : camp GREEN lake -- helicopter shot -- next we see from a aerial view the entire expanse of tent line up on the edge of the camp . narrator there be six tent at Camp Green Lake . letter a through F . the first five tent be for the camper ... assign by age group . the counselor sleep in tent f. stanley be assign to # tentp , pendanski be he counselor . . ext : camp GREEN lake -- tent D —- next stanley stand with he shovel across from pendanski ( age 35 ) . he be a tall , more white collar-look man than Mr. six . pendanski my name be really easy to remember . Three easy word : pen , dance , key . stanley or two word : penance and dyke . ( beat ) if you re-arrange the letter a little . pendanski smirk at this . Mr. six drive by in a red dodge pickup truck with a specially mount rear cab hold several camper . he glare at stanley . pendanski do not mind he . he 's just be ina bad mood ever since he quit smoking . the person you really have to worry about be the warden . there 's really only one rule at Camp Green Lake : do not upset the warden . stanley and pendanski walk out toward the vast lakebe . stanley can see dozen of other camper out digging . pendanski ( cont have ) I want you to know , stanley , that I respect you . I understand you have make some bad mistake in you life . otherwise you would not be here . but everyone make mistake . you may have do some bad thing , but that do not mean you be a bad kid . they come to a stop in a area closer to the other camper already digging . pendanski ( cont ‘’d ) I be go to help you turn you life around , stanley . but you be go to have to help . can I count on you help ? stanley yes , sir . pendanski good . now this be a good place to start . you know the rule . ( beat ) do you like to dig , stanley ? stanley look at he silently for a moment . stanley sure . pendansei digging a hole be a healthy ... therapeutic exercise . ( beat ) do you know what therapeutic mean , stanley ? stanley sure . pendanski what do you think it mean ? stanley I guess you could say it 's like therapy ... that make you want to puke . ( beat ) that 's what therapeutic mean to I . pendanski be once again take aback by stanley . he almost smile at this . pendanski okay then . let 's get start . pendanski begin to walk away . stanley pendanski ? he turn around in he track . pendanseki yes , stanley ? stanley you do not have to be nice to I just because all of the other gounselor be asshole . ( beat ) there 's nothing you can do to help I . there 's nothing you can say that will make I believe that I be go to enjoy this experience . ( beat ) I know that the next eighteen month be go to be hell . probably the worst year and a half of my lite , pendanski nod he head slowly . stanley ( cont have ) so I only want you to be nice to I if you be ina good mood . if you be ina bad mood ... feel free to act like a asshole . because there 's not ing more depress than someone whos@ 's jonly pretend to be you friend . pendanski 's smile slowly return . pendanski here 's some advice from a friend , stanley . ( beat ) shut you mouth and start digging . and then he be go . and stanley turn he eye toward the crack and scorched ground beneath he foot . he then take he shovel ... and try to jam it into the ground . the crack sand be so hard that the shovel merely bounce off . stanley try again ... but the shovel will not budge . by the third try ... he make it through . montage stanley mark the five foot square outline ... begin to dig in the center until the hole be about 35 % finish . he stop to take 4 break ... and notice another young man approach he . it be x-ray ( age 15 ) . x- ray hey . stanley hey. x-ray what 's you name ? stanley stanley . x-ray call I X -ray. ( beat ) I have get X - Ray vision ... you see . I can see through space and time . stanley ( long beat ) wow. X - ray do not worry ... give you a couple a week ... you will have a stupid nickname too. ( beat ) you know ... you be do it all wrong . you gotta start you dirt pile further out . remember ... it 's all about compression . stanley Compression ? x-ray the dirt . you see it 's all compress . but when you dig it up ... it get all loose ... take up three time more space . ( point over to another digger ) you see ? we see further down ... a young man name zero ( age 16 ) . he be almost finish with he hole ... and he pile be very large . x-ray ( cont have ) that 's Zero . he do not talk much ... but that boy can dig like a sumbitch . he can dig faster than anybody at Camp Green Lake . stanley how long 's he be here ? 10 . x-ray about a year . people say he dig the very first hole . right after the war end . ( beat ) he do not talk about it ... and nobody kmow for sure ... but people say he kill someone . stanley stare over at Zero silently . they make eye contact ... and stanley turn away . x-ray ( cont have ) so ... what have you do ? you steal somethin’ ? stanley ( beat ) I do not want to talk about it . x-ray I understand . you probably do somethin’ stupid to get here just like I . they be silent for a moment . x-ray ( cont have ) well ... be not you gonna ask I what I do ? stanley what have you do ? x-ray I and my friend darryl ... we steal a slurpee machine from 7 - 11 . then we throw it off the roof of we school . stanley roof testing stuff be cool ... but why a slurpee machine ? x-ray cuz when it smashes ... all the slurpee splatter like a sumbitch . it look badass . but this lunchlady see we do it . stupid bitch . stanley that suck . x- ray yeah ... but I think it be worth it . ( beat ) a 2 x-ray ( cont have ) well I gotta get back to diggin 's ... before the warden come by . stanley the warden ? x-ray yeah . you x11 know when you see he . ( serious beat ) whatever you do ... do not ever let the warden see you slackin’ off . ever . stanley thanks for the warning . and then X - Ray be go . stanley begin to dig once again . suddenly ... a voice gall out from behind . voice hey ! rookie ! Theo ( age 16 ) approach . Theo you get sunscreen ? stanley naw . they be all out . theo pull out a bottle of sumscreen ... and throw it to stanley . Theo this be only eighty six . try to get some one - sixty when the next supply truck come . barely any ozone in this sector since the war . you will still get a little burn ... stanley but at least no Cancer . Theo right . my name 's theo. stanley stanley . Theo do they give you three uniform ? stanley yeah . theo then there be 12 . Theo do not alternate suit each day ... think they 's 11 stay cleaner . the sweat and dirt will cause a rash eventually . everyone try it and regret it . do not make the same mistake . stanley five day per suit then ? Theo right. ( beat ) so ... what do you do ? stanley ( long beat ) I ... I have rather not talk about it . Theo sure , I understand . toll up he sleeve ... hold out he wrist . deep scar on both of they . Theo ( cont have ) I try to kill myself . so they send I here . ( beat ) and here ... I find god. ( beat ) God teach I to love myself again . and now I look forward to each day . I look forward to the digging . it help I focus . it make I stronger . ( beat ) the warden teach I this . stanley when do I meet the warden ? Theo ( smile ) soon enough . no one meet the warden on they first day . stanley be the first day the hardest , theo ? Theo no. people say that the second day be the hardest . stanley why the second day ? Theo because that 's when you meet the warden . stanley be silent for a moment ... nodd he head . Theo ( cont have ) good luck , stanley . theo run off toward he hole in a military - like trot . stanley then apply some sunscreen ... and begin to dig once again . montage stanley have now dig out almost 75 % of he hole . he stop ... look down at he hand . they have begin to blister . suddenly ... another voice can be hear from behind he . voice hey ... you smoke , rookie hoy ? stanley ( turn around ) naw . I do not smoke . alan ( age 17 ) approach . he put 4 cigarette in he mouth and light it . give yourself a week . you will be smokin’ . just do not let the warden see you . and bury you butt in the dirt . ( motion toward theo ) theo give you some sunblock ? stanley yeah . alan ( laugh ) good ‘ol theo . that boy actually like this shithole . you believe that ? stanley I do not ... know too much about this place yet . ( beat ) but ... I can not imagine that there would be much to like about it . i. alan you talk like you be from the suburb . you from Dallas ? stanley what 's leave of it . alan tell I about it ; so what have you do ? stanley ( hesitates ) ls alan you do not wanna say . ( beat ) that 's cool . you ever see one of they high speed chase on tv ? stanley sure . all the time . they videotape most everything this day . alan yeah ... well that 's how I get catch . I have a girlfriend ... this big titty slut from abilene . she make pcp brownie and we go joyridin’ in my camaro ... run it through the front of a Jack in the box . stanley ( long sad beat ) my sister get food poisoning from Jack in the box . alan yeah ? I use to work there . stanley figure . Alan laugh out loud . alan you be alright , stanley . ( turn back to he hole ) hey ... whatever you do ... do not ever use no foul language in front of the warden . not even damn ... and never hell . you understand ? stanley damn straight . 15 % alan ( smile ) see you in hell , stanley ! and then Alan be go . stanley then turn around and try to finish he hole . he look over and see that zero have now complete he hole ... and be sit indian style on the ground next to it , stare out at the late afternoon horizon . montage the sun be go down in a wake of purple sky . stanley finish he hole ... just as the SUN be beginning tq set . he take he shovel and place it against the vertical wall of the hole ... measure out five feet . from above ... the rumbling of a engine can be hear . stanley awkwardly climb out of he hole ... try to get he foot on the wall . he eventually climb out ... cover in sweat and dirt ... he hand blister . he look exhausted . it be a dodge pickup truck ... and Mr. Sir be drive . in the back of the cab be several camper ... include X - Ray ... theo and Alan . Mr. Sir turn off the engine and step out of the cab . mr . sip you finish yet , stanley ? stanley yes , sir . mr . sir you sure ? stanley yes , six . Mr. Sir be carry a digital clipboard . it be dusty and batter ... but still functional . on the digital clipboard , Mr. Sir touch a plastic pencil to the screen . the clipboard screen show a overhead map of camp GREEN lake , Mr. six touch the pencil to the screen ... zoom in on a area southwest of the main camp . on the coordinate map there be several dozen square mark other hole that have be complete ... with the date , digger , and geographic coordinate . 16 . mr . sir stanley Kramer . you registration code be s.o.l. in free-hand , Mr. Sir draw out s.0.l. and the scribbles be translate into text ... with stanley 's information and photograph on the screen . mr . sir ( cont have ) Mark you hole , stanley . stanley Excuse I ? mr . sir I say mark you hole . if you acknowledge completion of you hole ... you scratch you registration code in the dirt next to it . and then # 1 . stanley then scratch into the dirt next to he hole : SOL 1 Mr. sit then approach quickly . mr . sir ( cont have ) give I you shovel . stanley hand he he shovel . Mr. Sir take it and then hop down into stanley 's hole with the precision of a man who have do this many time . he then take the shovel ... hold it vertically and begin to examine the wall of stanley 's hole . stanley look at Mr. Sir nervously , and then gaze over at the other ... stare at he from the back of the cab . they be mostly silent ... but a few people have devious smirk on they face . Mr. Sir then place the shovel on one part of the wall ... and the handle to the shovel barely rise above the edge of the hole . mr . sir ( cont have ) this be not five foot . Mr. Sir then climb out of the hole ... hand stanley back he shovel . mr . sir ( cont have ) this hole be not finish . ( beat ) start over . a T stanley stare at the hole ... unsure of what to do . stanley six ... you want I to start ... over ? mr. sir yes . this incomplete hole be already mark . start digging another one now . ( point west ) over there . Mr. six then walk back to the truck . mr . sir ( cont have ) I have get start quick . ( beat ) it will be dark soon . then Mr. Sir start the engine and drive off ... as the other stare back at he from the cab . stanley be leave alone ... stand next to he incomplete hole . he look up at the darkened purple sky . he look down at he blister hand ... and then pick up he shovel ... walk several yard west ... and begin to dig once again . montage as the sun go down ... stanley dig alone . for the first time we pull back from above stanley ... into a helicopter shot at sunset ... revealing hundred of hole that cover the desert floor around the camp . for the first time we see the astonishing volume of work that have transpire to create this surreal landscape . the helicopter shot move over the camp building as the world have grown completely dare . we move in toward tent D. int : tent D -- next we see inside the large tent that there be two rows of beds ... with a dozen sleeping young men on either side . wk , pendanski let stanley into the tent . pendanski ( wiping sleep from he eye ) I suggest you get to sleep as fast as you can stanley ... the sun come up in about two hour . 18 . pendanski ( cont have ) ( point ) that 's you bunk ... down at the end . stanley hobble he weary body down toward the bunk ... hearing the snore of the other prisoner . he fall to the bed ... asleep within second . fade to black : int : tent D -- early the next morning a harsh whistle SOUND break through the silence . stanley jolt awake . Mr. six and pendanski be walk through the tent ... blow they whistle . stanley look over and see that zero have the bunk to he leave . Theo have the bunk to he right . they be quickly put on theix jumpsuit . Theo I no hurry , stanley . a lot of time the breakfast run out quick . int : mess hall -- next all winety - six camper be pack into the mess hall . there be only a small amount of groggy , early morning conversation . int : mess hall serving line -- next stanley be in line with X - Ray , theo , and Zero . derek , one of the two cook at Camp Green Lake , be stand behind the counter . x-ray hey , derek ... what be this horseshit ? derer . you do not wanna know , kid . just eat it and hope it do not give you Cancer . x-ray would you eat this shit , derek ? derek not a chance . Theo what do you eat , derek ? 19 . deref pussy . x-ray derek , we both know there be not no pussy on Camp Green Lake . derek sure there be . I be lookin’ at one right now . group raaaaaaaawww ! the group continue to taunt X - Ray . int : mess hall -- next stanley be sit with X - Ray , theo , Alan , and Zero at a table ... scarfing down wretched food . they be join by darryl ( age 16 ) and ANTHONY ( black , age 17 ) alan so stanley ... how be it last night ? you have to dig two hole ? Alan shift he eye to the other with a know look . stanley yeah . I coulda swear I measure it right ... but then ... x-ray do not worry . you measure right . darryl tt 's a trick , stanley . they always make you dig two hole on the first night . ANTHONY they might even do it again later on ... just to keep you from ever slackin 's off . Theo it make the rest of the day easier , stanley . now when you finish each day you x11 only be use half of you energy . one ... be a piece of cake . stanley think for a moment . stanley what ... be we digging for ? 20 . the whole table be silent . Anthony and X - Ray look down at they food . Alan eye theo . Zero almost smile . Theo we be not suppose to talk about that , stanley . ( beat ) the warden forbid that . just keep digging ... and then you will discover the truth bury inside of you . the table be quiet for a moment . Alan pull out a magic marker and write something on a napkin ... pass it over to stanley . stanley look dawn ... read what he have write : be careful . they be watching and listening . stanley look back at the other ... once again unsure what to think of thing at Camp Green Lake . ext : camp GREEN lake courtyard -- nzxt all ninety - six camper be now assemble in a gigantic circle formation . they all hold they shovel ... and they match jumpsuit build a circular wall of orange . in the center of the circle be a flag pole ... which carry a american flag at half mast . all six counselor , include pendanski and Mr. Sir , be assemble in the center of the circle ... in a line formation . at the base of the flag pole be a human body . the body be wrap neatly in a white sheet ... and be place with its head next to the base of the flag pole . suddenly , several of the camper in the circle across from stanley move aside ... as the warden step through . the warden ( age 52 ) be a tall and imposing man with a short , military crew CUT . warden as you know ... Camp Green Lake have recently lose one of its camper . ( beat ) twelve day ago ... Jonathan gaine disappear off the Southwest sector after sunset ... and have not be see since then . Za , warden ( cont have ) ( beat ) yesterday afternoon ... he body be discover by one of the counselor ... thirty - two mile from here . the camper be all silent . a few whisper can be hear . warden let this be a reminder ... to anyone who choose to run . ( beat ) running ... will get you nowhere . ( beat ) and if you do not believe I ... ask Jonathan gaine ! the camp be silent . warden ask he if it be worth the risk . ask he if it be worth ... never see he family again . ask he if it be work the pain and suffer that he mother will feel for the rest of she life . the camp be silent . warden ( cont have ) Jonathan gaine . say he name ! camper ( in perfect unison ) jonathan gaine ! the camp be silent . warden Jonathan gaine will never know the glorious victory of a long and moral life . ( beat ) Jonathan gaine commit suicide . ( beat ) in God 's eye ... there be no great ox more cowardly sin ... than suicide . ( beat ) suicide be the medicine of coward ... and there be no reward for suicide in God 's kingdom . the camp be silent . warden ( cont have ) Jonathan gaine will never know the glory of God 's kingdom . 22 . stanley stare across the circle at Jonathan gaine 's body ... and then move he eye up toward the warden . for a moment ... stanley be almost certain that the warden be stare back at he . ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- next stanley be almost 50 % finish with he hole . he look over and see that zero be stand next to hin . zero you're ... sleep in he bunk . stanley look confuse ... and somewhat intimidate by Zero . stanley who ? zero Jonathan gaine . you fill the space that he leave open . stanley ( leng beat ) do you know he ? zero not really . he do not talk much . seem kinda sad . stanley sound like ... the two of you have a lot in common . Zero smile . zero the way I figure it ... why talk unless you have get somethin’ important to say ? stanley smile at this . zero ( cont have ) most people I know who talk all the time ... always tryin' to be the center of attention ... tryin' to prove to everyone how tough , funny , or smart they be ... they get the most to hide . stanley ( beat ) I guess everybody 's get something to hide . 23 . Zero look down at the crack Earth . zero do they tell you that I kill somebody ? stanley look at Zero long and hard . zero ( cont would ) yeah . they say that . Zero look for a moment as if he be about to say something ... but then he simply turn and head back to he hole . stanley watch he walk off ... know somehow that this will be the first of many conversation with Zero . montage stanley be now 95 % finish with he hole ... when suddenly ... he shovel hit something . he reach he hand down into the loose soil and feel a hard white object . he dig down further ... and see that the white object be elongate . he eventually get it loose ... and we see that it be a bone . stanley examine the bone closely . [ soundtrack : we hear the scream of child ... echoing into the hum of a truck 's engine ] . stanley hear someone approach from above . stanley take the bone and put it into the pocket of he jumpsuit . he then climb up from he hole ... with more coordination than before . he step out of he hole and see that it be pendanski ... drive the water truck . pendanski need a xefill , stanley ? stanley hobble quickly over to the truck with he canteen . pendanski take it , and turn the nozzle on the tank ... water flow into the canteen . he hand it back to stanley , who take a long , desperate swig . 24 . pendanski ( cont have ) easy now , that have to last you until tomorrow . we ration out the water here , stanley . stanley ( lowering the canteen from he mouth ) yes , sir . pendanseti let I see you hand . stanley hold they up , revealing he bloody and blister palm . pendanski cringe at the sight of they . pendanski ( cont have ) I guess I have see worse ... but let I tape they up anyway . cur to : ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- moment later stanley now have several layer of tape on he hand . stanley thanks , Mom . pendanski give stanley a look that be almost angry . stanley pendanski , why the hell would you want this job ? do not you have a wife or kid to tend to ? pendanski put he first aid kit in the truck . pendansei my wife be kill , stanley . stanley in the blast . pendanski ( long beat ) yes . in the blast . stanley so ... why be not you out try to find a new wife ? why do not you move far away ... like most everyone else do ? 25 . pendanski ( beat ) why do not you keep digging ... and stop ask so many question . stanley sorry . stanley turn back to the hole . pendanski get back into the water truck . stanley then stop ... and pull out the bone from he pocket . stanley ( cont have ) pendanski ? pendanski what now ? stanley ( hold out the bone ) I find this ... bury . pendanski get out of the truck ... take the bone from stanley , examine it closely . pendanski look like a radius ... or ulna . pendanski take a deep breath , pendanski ( cont have ) be this the only one that you find ? do you dig around it ? stanley there could be more . I do not have time to check . this just happen . pendanski take a deep breath ... contemplate what to do . pendanski next time you find a bone , or anything ... tell I immediately . ( beat ) now we have to do a excavation . pendanski turn toward some of the other digger ... who be now filling the canteen from the water truck . pendanski ( cont would ) excavation team ! four man ! 26 . upon hearing this word ... several camper ... include Alan , X - Ray and theo , sprint over with eager anticipation . pendanski ( cont would ) alright ! you three ! ( beat ) we have get another body . ( turn to stanley ) look like you luck out , stanley . you get the day off tomorrow . ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- moment later stanley , theo , Zero , Alan and X - Ray be all digging around the edge of stanley 's hole . there be a white blanket laid out on the desert floor off to the side . on the blanket they have place the ulna and the bone to the right hand in they place at the end of the arm bone . x-ray damn you , stanley ! second day and you already find a body ! lucky - ass bitch . why can not I get a4 break ? alan shit ... I be here a year and still never find a goddamn body . Theo I find one once . ( beat ) it be a little baby . they dig silently for a moment . pendanski pace around by he truck impatiently . there be a walkie talkiz in he hand . pendanski ( into walkie talkie ) yes sir . just a arm so far . look like there 's lot more . buried pretty far down . they have now unearth the entire right half of a human skeleton . x-ray I always want to be a archeographer . alan archeologist , dumbass . x- ray same difference . ( to stanley ) stanley , listen man ... I be here almost a year ... and I never find nothin’ . you be gettin’ the day off tomorrow ... and you just get here . alan oh ... here we go . do not fall for this , stanley . stanley it 's not my fault that I have good luck . Theo luck be God 's fault . x- ray listen ... all I be sayin 's be if you find somethin’ else any time soon ... give it to I and let I turn it in so I can get my day off . alan do not give he shit , stanley . he do not deserve it . x-ray ( to Alan ) shut up , but nugget ! I dig harder than anybody here ! Theo not harder than Zero . no one dig harder than Zero . stanley think for a moment ... look down at the emerge skeleton . stanley alright . you get a deal . the other be surprised at stanley 's generosity . alan ( outrage ) you gotta be kiddin’ I . stanley you be a goddamn fool . cur to : 28. ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- moment later the entire skeleton be laid out on the blanket . there be crust of dirt and rock still attach to it ... but they have do a fairly decent job of place all of the bone in the right place . it stare back at they ominously . stanley I wonder what she be do when it happen . x-ray how do you kmow it be a she ? stanley the height . hip and shoulder . alan he 's right . definitely a woman . maybe five foot three . theo approach from the hole ... carry a tatter and dirt -cover piece of clothing . Theo found some clothing ! pendanski approach from the truck . pendanski all finish here ? stanley look like it . theo examine the tatter rag ... and see that there be a label on they . he smear mud off of the sewn label and see that there be a name sewn in cursive : Diane Theo her name be ... diane. ( beat ) look like she be a waitress ... at Bob 's Big Boy ... ox somethin’ . 29 . pendanski suddenly look up from he digital clipboard for a moment ... he eye white with fear . pendanski what do you just say ? pendanski approach theo quickly . pendanski ( cont have ) let I see that ! pendanski examine the label closely . over by the skeleton , stanley be now examine the right hand . he scrape a harden chunk of crust dirt off of the leave ring finger bone ... revealing a diamond engagement ring , stanley there 's a diamond ring on she finger . stanley carefully remove the ring from around the bone ... examine it . pendanski approach stanley with nervous anticipation . pendansei let ... let I see it . stanley do not hear he . pendanski ( cont have ) give I the goddamn ring , stanley ! stanley give pendanski the ring ... and he begin to examine it closely ... he face still white . with he thumb he wipe away dirt from the interior of the band ... where there be a inscription . pendanski ( cont have ) my God ... pendanski fall to he knee . pendanski ( cont have ) my Diane ... oh dear God ... it be my Diane . pendanski look over at stanley ... who look almost afraid to move . and then pendanski begin to cry . 30 . int : camp GREEN lake -- sunset we pull back from this scene into another helicopter shot ... glide ominously over the sea of hole . narrator we use to say that coincidence be God 's way of remind you that he be still around . that he be watch ... every moment ... of every day . ( beat ) that be when I come to be certain that he be watch stanley . int : tent E -- sunset pendanski be curl up on he cot ... he face a mask of detach sorrow as he hold he dead wife 's engagement ring up into the light . narrator pendanski tell we to take the bone to the incinerator . and that be all we hear from he for quite some time . ( beat ) part of I think that sometimes ... if the timing be right , coincidence can scare people half to death . int : incinerator room -- next we move across dozen of human skull stack neatly on metal shelf along the edge of the storage room . we then see stanley and the other stand in front of the large incinerator ... the woman 's skeleton laid out on the blanket on the cement floor in front of they . they all stare down at Diane 's remain ... unsure of what to say . alan should we say something ? x-ray it 's a little late for that . it 's be six year . Theo no ... he 's right . we should say something . stanley lean down and pick up Diane 's skull from the blanket . he stare at it closely . 31 . Theo ( cont have ) May the lord grant you eternal peace in the kingdom of Heaven . x-ray that do not make no sense . if she 's in Heaven , she already be there for over a year . and if she be not in heaven there sure as hell be not nothin’ that we can do for she now . alan he 's right . her fate 's already be decide . ( pick up she bone ) we be just clean up the remain . in the end ... that 's all the live can do for the dead . ( beat ) clean up the remain ... and hope one day that you might run into they on the other side . they begin to toss she bone into the incinerator . stanley still stare at the skull . he rub he thumb across Diane 's right cheek bone . there be a hint of sadness behind he eye . CUT to : [ flashback ] int : bob 's big boy -- evening we see diane as a young woman ... stand against the wall of the basement entrance break room ... smoking a cigarette as other waiter and bus boy scurry around behind she in the kitchen . rfter take a drag ... she look out toward nothing in particular ... as if pre-occupy by something . suddenly ... a blast of white envelop her , cur to : int : incinerator room -- next stanley jolt out of he daydream ... and he be still hold she skull ... while the other pile the last of she remain into the incinerator . he then carefully place she skull onto the metal shelf at the end of a long line of they ... they empty socket stare back at he . int : tent D -- next stanley , freshly shower , approach he cot , .. see that on the wall above it there be still a tag that read : gaine . on the bunk next to stanley 's ... Zero be lay on he back . zero no one here get 's out alive ... stanley ( turn around ) what do you say ? zero nothing . I be ... just sing ... Jim morrison ? the Doors ? stanley oh , yeah . zero we will get out of here alright , stanley . as long as we play by the rule ... dig between the line . stanley pull jonathan gaine 's id tag off of the wall . stanley why do he run ? zero I do not know for sure . but I have get my opinion . stanley and what 's you opinion ? zero he be a week away from turn eighteen . he get deny parole ... due to serve a life sentence in real jail . adult jail . stanley saw he shot at a escape ... and he take it ? zero that 's what most runner be think . after put up with this place for so long , they can not even imagine what it must be like to live inside a jail with bar . 63 % stanley maybe this place be not so bad after all . zero the best part about it be the repetition . stanley repetition ? zero yep . digging a hole every day . the repetition of it ... make time move faster in you head . but if you be to do something different each day ... you mind would be constantly distract by new idea . and that 's when time move the slowest . when day start to feel like week . stanley I feel like I have be here two week already ... but it 's only be two day . zero ( roll over ) you just wait , stanley . ( beat ) you just wait . stanley then lay there for a moment ... close he eye . cut to : [ flashback ] ext : swimming pool —- underwater { [ soundtrack : we hear the scream of child splash and frolick in the pool ] . a little girl ( age 7 ) swim toward the camera ... smile ear to ear . the Pov camera then rise to the surface . cur to : int : tent D -- next stanley open he eye once again ... roll over to he right ... where Theo be write in he diary . he look down at the metal rail of theo 's cot ... and see that someone have scratch something into it : 34 . bury the past . stanley slowly close he eye ..- as the word dare he to forget ... ext : TEXAS suburb -- day [ soundtrack : dream-like scream child ...] we crane down to the backyard of a midsize ranch house on a middle class suburban street . there be a swimming pool ... and there be a pool party in full swing . dozen of kide be chicken fighting in the pool ... water splash everywhere . adjacent to the pool , in the yard ... there be a slip not slide go . we steadicam through the crowd of child ... teenager and parent ... follow younger stanley ( age 15 ) as he run along the edge of the pool with a huge super - soaker water gun . kid 's voice hey stanley ... over there ! stanley then head over toward the grass section of the yard where the slip not slide be set up adjacent to the back patio . A. large banner hang on the back of the house . it read : happy birthday rebecca ! stanley turn toward the house ... where he sister rebecca ( age 8 ) be stand in a line of other little girl . they be all wrap in towel ... and be posing for a photograph . stanley 's father ... joe kramer ( age 38 ) be stand across from the girl with a camera . joe all right girl ... on three . one ... two ... three . just before stanley 's father can snap the photograph ... stanley launch the super-soaker ... send a giant stream of water in the girl 's direction . 35 ) , as they get hit with the water ... they all flee scream . stanley 's mother ... sue kramer ( age 35 ) come out of the house . sue stanley ! get inside ... now ! stanley 's father then grab the Super -soaker from stanley and hand it to rebecca ... who be angrily wait to exact she revenge . joe Fire away , sweetheart . rebecca ( aim the pistol ) you 's be such a jerk ! she then spray he with water ... but he quickly run toward the house . stanley too slow ! int : kramer house kitchen -- next stanley bound inside through the slide glass door where he mother be place the candle on Rebecca 's birthday cake . sue I want you to carry you sister 's cake outside and lead the sing . stanley awww ... Mom ! why I !? sue because I ask you to . and because it will mean a lot to she . stanley I be not doin 's it . sue then you be not get any cake . ( beat ) and Jimmy and Randy can not sleep over tonight . she raise she eyebrow ... know that she have he on the rope . 36 . stanley that 's blackmail . you can not do that . sub ( exasperate ) oh ... I can not ? watch I ! Sue then hold out the birthday cake ... and stanley reluctantly take it from she . he give he mother a sneer ... and then move outside with it . ext : kramer house backyard -- next stanley come onto the back deck carry the cake with its 8 lit candle . stanley ( loud and obnoxious ) happy birthday to you ... the rest of the crowd begin to join in sing . Rebecca smile . stanley ( cont have ) happy birthday dear Rebecca ... he place the cake on the picnic table in front of she . stanley ( cont have ) happy birthday to you . everyone clap as Rebecca approach the cake ... wrap in she towel ... smile ear to ear . stanley ( cont have ) happy birthday , stupidhead . do not forget to make a wish . Rebecca then stick she tongue out at stanley . and lean down to blow out she candle . ( note : just as Rebecca lean down toward the cake ... we go into slow motion as she extinguish she candle ] . ext : swimming pool -- later [ note : the follow sequence be also in slow motion ] . we see stanley and several other child ambush the swim pool . '' 's we follow stanley as he run around the. edge toward the diving board . she he run to the end ... bounce off the edge ... up into the AIR . just as stanley have reach he peak height ... the sky explode with white light . int : underwater -- next we follow stanley as he plunge into the blue water ... see the flailing arm and legs of the other child ... as the water suddenly have take on a surrbal white glow ... slowly fade back to normal . ext : swimming pool -- next stanley rise to the surface to the SOUND of silence ... and he look up at the sky . a gigantic mushroom cloud be forming . as the white cloud look down on he from the blue sky stanley look up in horror ... desperately tread water as people begin to scream ... parent grab they child from the pool . cur to : [ note : repeat shot in slower motion ] once again we see stanley jump off the diving board into the white blast ... narrator every generation have its moment of disaster ... a moment in time when suddenly the world take one giant step backward . we see stanley ... tread motionless in the pool as people panic around he . warrator ( cont have ) one might say that for we grandparent 's generation ... it be the moment of the assassination of John f. Kennedy . stanley 's father scream for he to get out of the pool . narrator ( cont have ) and for we parent 's generation ... it be the moment of the disastrous explosion of the space shuttle Challenger . 38 . Sue Kramer , carry Rebecca in she arm ... frantically run through the house . narrator ( cont would ) and for we ... it be the moment that someone set off a nuclear weapon seventy mile southwest of Dallas , Texas . wide shot of the neighborhood STREET ... as people run from the mushroom cloud toward they car . cut to : int : tent D -- next Mr. Sir 's whistle pierce through the morning ... as stanley awaken from he dream . Mr. six approach as everyone sluggishly get out of they bed . mr . sir what be you do , stanley ? stanley Sir , I be get ready for breakfast , sir . mr . sir ( cont would ) you do not have to get up ... you get the day off . stanley Sir ... I would like to eat breakfast with the other . and , if it be of , for would like to put my day off ... of layaway ..- and use it at a later date if possible . Mr. Sir get in he face . he then give he a long , hard look . mr . sir what the hell do you think this be ? stanley Sir ... if I may be completely honest ... I be worried that the other will resent I ... for get so lucky this early . ( beat ) siz . Mr. Sir slam stanley into the wall . 39 . mr . sir listen here and listen good . you go and eat you breakfast . and then you take you day off . you take you day off and thank you lucky star that the opportunity have be provide for you . Mr. Sir then turn and storm off . mr. sir ( cont have ) ( to the other ) let 's go ! stanley catch he breath ... look around at the other , see if everyone witness the encounter . and of course ... they all do . Alan be smile . Zero be almost laugh ... shaking he head . x- Ray approach . x-ray ( patting stanley on the back ) layaway plan . what the hell you think this be , sear ? int : mess hall serving line -- next the group approach derek once again ... who be set out the trays of disgusting food . x-ray hey derek ... that hair net make you look awful sexy ! where can I get I one of they ? derek ( quick to return ) funny you should ask , X - Ray . I steal this one off you momma 's head last night ! derek make a hip grinding motion with he hand down at he crotch ... as if he be hold onto a woman 's head while she be perform fellatio . group awwwwwwwwww ! }! once again , X - Ray have be destroy by derek . Alan go to give derek a high five . alan ( to derek ) give it here ‘ol boy ! 40 . derek ( high five ) can not knock the hair net ! do not want no longhair in yer food do ya ? alan Hell no . ANTHONY do not want no shorthair either , derek . derek too late for that . group anwwwwwwwwww ! ! ! int : mess hall -- next stanley and the other be scarfing down they food . Theo so stanley , what be you gonna do with you day off ? x-ray go sleep ! sleep the whole friggin’ day ! Theo do not listen to he , stanley . never sleep in if you get a day off . it spoil you , alan screw up you equilibrium . x-ray screw that ! take it when you can get it . sleep be better than anything in the world . stanley think for a moment . stanley tt do not wanna sleep . what else be there to do around here ? zero the rec room . go to the rec room and listen to some music . x-ray what music ? they be not get crap to listen to ! 41 . alan stanley do not listen to none of you country music bullshit ! stanley 's from the suburb ! zero you kmow ... there 's a theory that country music be what start the war . that the most dangerous weapon on earth be not the bomb ... but bad taste in music . ANTHONY bad taste . now that 's the definition of White american Culture if you ask I . x-ray aw shut up ! you can take you ni... egro rap and shove it up you ass ! ANTHONY you be gonna call I a nigger ! x-ray ( defensive ) I say negro ! Theo ( concede ) he say negro . ANTHONY but he mean nigger ! x-ray I say negro ! I be not no racist ! ANTHONY you better not let the warden hear none of that shit ... he 'il bury you fuckin’ ass ! suddenly the table go deadly silent . Anthony realize that have say too much . the entire table appear nervous ... as if expect someone to come over to the table . Zero then break the silence . zero go to the rec room . relax , stanley . that 's where we hang out at night . 42 . zero ( cont have ) it will give you something to look forward to . ext : camp GREEN lake courtyard -- next stanley walk through the courtyard ... as dozen of other camper walk by with they shovel ... jump into they assign truck ... where the counselor will take they out to they assign sector . two other camper approach stanley ... give he a weird look . camper # 1 ( to he friend ) he 's the one . he 's the one I tell you about . camper # 2 he find pendanski 's wife ? camper # 1 yeah . right next to pendanski . as they pass ... they look at stanley in awe . int : rec room -- next stanley walk through the door of the rec room . it be a fairly large , rectangular room with two couch , a batter foosball table , 4 batter pool table , and a batter jukebox . he walk slowly over to the jukebox ... and begin to shuffle through the limited number of compact disc . there be only four of they in the disc case . LED zepellin : four nirvana : unplugged in new york credence clearwater revival : greatest hit metallica : metallica stanley ( shuffle through ) Zeppelin . nirvana . credence . or ... metallica . ( beat ) oldy I can handle . he hit the button for metallica ... song # 4 . brfter a few moment , metallica 's '' the unforgiven '' boom over the loudspeaker . 43. stanley back away from the jukebox slowly , intoxicate by the guitar and drum . metallica New blood join this Earth / and quickly he 's subdued / through constant pain disgrace / the young boy learn they rule stanley begin to rock out to the music . metallica ( cont have ) with time the child draw in / this whipping boy do wrong / deprive of all he thought / the young man struggle on and on he 's know stanley begin to play AIR guitar . metallica ( cont have ) a vow unto he own / that never from this day / his will they 's 1ll take away stanley turn around ... still play the air guitar ... and see that the warden be stand right behind he . stanley freeze ... not imowing what to do . the song go into chorus . warden what be that ? stanley ( long beat ) six . Air guitar , sir . warden no . I mean this song . what be it ? metallica they dedicate they life / to run all of he / he try to please they all / this bitter man he be stanley metallica , sir . warden metallica . this music of the devil . stanley ( gain confidence ) sir? 44 . warden Music of the devil . it be once think by the conservative establishment that this music be satanic . stanley do ... you want I to turn it off , six ? warden no . you be allow to do as you wish on you day off . you be not break any rule . stanley this song ... it remind I of my father . warden you father . he be lose ? stanley yeah ... he be one of the first to go . ( beat ) my dad use to listen to lot of classic 90 rock . my mom be always tell he to turn it down . warden do you miss they ? the warden begin to pace around the room . stanley yes , sir . ( beat ) but I be start to forget what they look like . the warden analyze the jukebox . stanley ( cont have ) six ... may I ... speak freely ? warden like I say ... it 's you day off . you may speak and do as you wish . stanley ( long beat ) Sir , what exactly , be we digging for ? the warden turn he head abruptly , surprised at stanley 's directness . 432 warden we be not digging for any specific object . we be digging because the act itself have meaning . therapeutic value . digging build character . repetition . stanley ( repeat ) repetition . metallica ( chorus ) what I have feel / what I have know / never shine through in what I have show warden nothing strengthen the body and the mind more than repetition . it train the mind to stand attention to a task and not tire ... not hesitate ... not forget . metallica never be / never see / never see what might have be warden repetition bring discipline . disciple bring order . order bring peace . metallica never free / never I / so I dub thee unforgiven warden that be we duty before God . do that answex you question , stanley ? stanley think for a moment . stanley yes . the warden turn away once again . the song come to a end . stanley ( cont have ) but I still think that 's all a crock of shit . the warden stop in he track ... and then slowly turn around toward stanley . there be rage behind he eye ... but he do not reveal ac . stanley ( cont have ) ( suddenly nervous ) you ... say I could speak freely . warden yes . and that you be . stanley I ... can see part of you point . the physical exercise of digging ... lt *s like work out . lift weight every day to get stronger . ( beat ) but digging hole do nothing but destroy the earth . it make it weak and unstable so that you can not build a house on it or drive a car across it . ( beat ) digging hole be nothing but a stupid and pointless exercise . kind of like when it 's the last day of school before summer break ... and you teacher make you write a essay about Canada . and at the end of the day she just take all the essay and throw ‘em in the garbage ... because no one really give a shit about Canada . ( beat ) because in the end , it 's just busy work . busy work to pass the time ... and keep you from goof off . the warden do not blink . stanley ( cont have ) so that 's what digging hole be to I . busy work . ( beat ) unless we be look for something in particular . ( beat ) six . the warden approach stanley slowly ... get right into he face . warden tell I about Rebecca , stanley . this hit stanley like a brick to the face . stanley what ... do you want to know ? she 's go . 41 . warden I know . I have read you file , stanley . I know all about you . I know that you be a educate young man . which make it all the more disappoint what you do to get here . ( whisper in he ear ) I know all about the sin that you have commit against God . ( beat ) I know that you be in danger of eternal damnation . I know that you feel incredible guilt and remorse for you crime . ( beat ) I know that the guilt be tear you apart . stanley be silent ... because he know that the warden be not wrong . warden ( cont have ) you have a gift , stanley . you have a gift , and you must use it to find God 's forgiveness . you must dig to find he forgiveness . and then the warden turn and head silently to the door . warden ( cont have ) enjoy the rest of you day off . and then he be go ... leave stanley alone ... ext : camp GREEN lake -— fast sector -- next stanley walk alone through the sea of hole ... stare down at the code scrawle into the dirt next to then . dll 55 ... fir 34 ... wdo 189 ... once again , stanley look back . cur to : [ flashback ] ext : TEXAS interstate —~ night along the edge of the interstate , stanley and he family be push through a scream crowd among dozen of stall vehicle toward a army truck . narrator almost immediately ... there be confusion . there be no drill to follow . there be no emergency broadcast system . there be no rule . 48 . narrator ( cont have ) and when the rule slip away ... confusion become chaos ... and chaos become anarchy . stanley 's mother grab for Rebecca 's hand . sue hold onto my hand , Rebecca . Sue be pull away from Rebecca and stanley by the crowd . sue ( cont / d) Rebecca ! stanley ... hold onto Rebecca ! stanley grab he sister 's hand as the crowd further separate they from they parent . suddenly ... a army guard grab Rebecca from the crowd . army guard come with I ... child over here ! stanley wait ! I be she brother ! army guard you too , then . sue ( pull further away ) stanley ! stanley and Rebecca be lift up into the back of the army truck along with other child . stanley wait ... my parent be not with we ! without listen , the Army Guard close the gate to the truck , and it begin to drive off along the shoulder of the interstate . narrator that who escape the epicenter of the blast ... also escape the sickmess that follow . we see stanley and Rebecca look out the back of the truck ... narrator ( cont have ) but then ... sickness can also get hide in the chaos ... 49 . we move in toward Rebecca ... who stare back at the move world behind she in shock . curt to : ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector —— next stanley approach Zero ... who be almost finish with he hole . zero how 's the day off treat you , stanley ? stanley ( long , sad beat ) not so good . zero not much to do around this place all by yourself . ( beat ) except dig a hole . stanley ( long beat ) do you need any help ? Zero laugh . zero ( hand stanley he shovel ) sure . it 's all you , buddy . stanley thanks . as stanley start to dig ... Zero pick up rock from he dirt pile and begin skip they across the lakebe . zero Camp Green Lake sure do funny thing to you head , do not it , stanley ? ( beat ) find I a another dead body stanley ... get I a day off . stanley do not talk to I while I be digging . Zero laugh ... continue to skip rock ... as we pull back ... $ 0. dissolve montage it be now several month later ... and stanley be once again digging next to Zero . narrator stanley dig for two month straight ... and before he know it , he be one of we . stanley scratch he registration code into the dirt next to he complete hole . SOL 58 he then throw he shovel down into the dirt with pride . stanley finish ! two hour , forty - six minute ! Zero look up from he hole ... zero damn you , stanley ! what 's derek be feedin’ you ! stanley smile exuberantly . narrator it be then that stanley become the fastest digger at Camp Green Lake . int : mess hall serving line -- next stanley , Zexo , X - Ray and Alan be once again in line for lunch in front of derek . he slap sloppy joe onto they trays . alan ( quietly to stanley ) sloppy joe ... my hole be gonna explode this afternoon . x-ray ( sincere ) hey derek ... you ever think of open up you own restaurant ? derek ( serious beat ) one day maybe ... if my parole officer ever get I outta this chickenshit outfit . sl. x-ray yeah ? well what be you gonna call it ? derer I dunno . you get any suggestion ? x- ray yeah . derek 's diarrhea barn ! group awwwwwwwwwwww !!! X - Ray high fives the other ... have finally nail derek . then , without hesitation , derek take X - Ray 's sloppy joe and pull off the top bun ... hock a loogie into it ... and then put it back onto X - Ray 's tray . derek enjoy you lunch , X - Ray . x-ray awww shit ! int : mess hall -- next while the other tear into they food ... x- Ray stare down at he contaminate sloppy Joe ... bum out . after a moment , he shrug ... look around to see that no one be look , and then take a bite . narrator the food be awful . ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -- day theo and Alan dig they hole ... alen collapse to the ground ... as theo run over to he ... dump water into he mouth . narrator the sun be often unbearable . int : tent D -- early morning Mr. six blow he whistle ... pull the groggy camper out of they bed . narrator sometimes we be so tired that we could not sleep . int : shower -- late afternoon stanley stand under the shower ... motionless ... as the water pour over he head . he then look down at he hand which be RAW and calluse . narrator sometimes we hand be so sore that we could not move we finger . ( beat ) but we endure . and we follow the warden 's rule . ( beat ) because there be always one thing to look forward to . ext : camp GREEN lake courtyard -—- next the camper stand in the great circle around the flagpole as the warden walk around the perimeter ... stop once he be face to face with stanley . he stare at stanley ... whose have black circle under he eye , revealing the sadness that he try to conceal with a smirk . warden ( whisper ) Rebecca . stanley 's smirk disappear . narrator the warden promise we one thing . he promise we one reward for we hard work . the warden 's eye narrow . narrator ( cont ' have ) something to look forward to . int : tent D -- morning the camper slowly emerge from they bed ... casually and sporadically on they own . narrator Sunday . ( beat ) the day of rest . we see stanley ... fast asleep on he bed . 535 narrator ( cont have ) there be no digging on Sunday . the warden would not have it . we move in closer ... narrator ( cont no ) which leave we with the one thing better than sleep in on Sunday morning . closer ... narrator ( cont have ) Saturday night . int : rec room -- night the rec room be pack ... 45 ccr 's '' fortunate son '' blare . Anthony walk around sing along to the music with he pool cue . there be full on pool and foosball game go , each table surround by dozen of camper . stanley be at the foosball table , play with Zero against Alan and X - Ray . pendanski walk through the crowded room ... amused at the shenanigan . he approach Alan ... whispering something in he ear . Alan pause for 4 moment ... nodd he head . pendanski move away ..-- and then Alan resume the game once again . stanley then score 4 point ... win the game . stanley yes ! x-ray goddamnit ! hey ... we be outta here . stanley what be you talkin’ about ? where the hell be there to go better than here ? alan Laundry duty . 54 . ext : camp GREEN lake courtyard -- sunset the four of they walk through the courtyard toward pendanski , who be stand against the flagpole ... smoking a cigarette . pendanski you boy ready for laundry duty ? alan ( slightly nervous ) Hell yeah . pendanski ( throw he cigarette to the ground ) follow I . int : laundry room -- next stanley , Zero , Alan and X - Ray be now in the back of the Laundry room ... lift large white bag onto the loading dock ... and throw they into the back of a pickup truck . derek walk by ... smoking a cigarette . derek hurry up you pussy . I gotta get on the road , here . x-ray I be not no pussy ! zero just shut up and work . we be almost finish . x-ray why do we gotta do this ? this derek 's job ! alan just shut up and do it , X - Ray . we be almost finish . pendanski approach ... just as the last white bag be throw onto the truck . zero alright ... all load up and ready to go . pendanski look at Alan ... who seem anxious . ss . pendansei we be not load up just yet , be we Alan ? br large grin form on Alan 's face . alan no sir . pendanski load up , then . as pendanski move to get into the cab of the pickup truck , Alan jump into the back , crawl on top of the laundry bag . x-ray what the hell be you doin ? alan just get in ! trust I ! Zero and stanley quickly get into the back of the truck . x- Ray hesitates . x-ray but what if the warden ... alan the warden will not know ! just get in , it 's alright ! X - Ray jump into the back of the cab ... just as derek return ... close the back door to the truck . derek keep you head down . and do not pull any shit . derek raise up a pistol , just to remind they who they be . derek ( cont have ) do not say I never give you no lovin’ , X - Ray . x-ray ( excited ) Holy shit . ext : camp GREEN lake -- MAIN entrance -- next with pendanski behind the wheel and derek in the passenger seat ... they drive off onto the main road that leave the camp . 56 . ext : camp GREEN lake -- perimeter —- next Mr. six ... walk along the perimeter of the camp with he rifle over he shoulder ... gaze off into the distance ... where he see the laundry truck exite the camp . he eyeball it suspiciously int : laundry truck -- next stanley and the other be now sit up on top of the laundry bag , more relaxed . stanley so this be laundry duty . zero I always wonder why everybody always want laundry duty . x-ray where we go , Alan ? alan the Way Station . truck stop supply Exchange . I never be there ... but I hear some stuff about it . ( beat ) we be in for quite a night boy . the other look at one another like they have just receive the best news of they life . stanley this be when you want time to move slow . time 's like this . sero you just gotta savor every moment , stanley . every moment count . int : rec room -- next Mr. six walk into the crowded rec room ... where it be still rambunctious . he begin to examine the room ... counting off head . int : laundry truck -- night the wind blow through stanley 's hair as he look off into the night from the back of the truck . stanley how far away be this place ? sz. I dunno ... probably a couple of hour . zero hey Alan ... any lady at the Way Station ? x- ray oh please oh please say there be lady at the Way Station . alan think about it , boy . it 's call the way station ... not the gay station . stanley smile longingly . stanley I have not touch a girl ... zero ( finish he sentence ) ever ? you a virgin , stanley ? stanley do not answer . int : laundry truck front cab -— next pendanski drive while derek roll a joint . derek light up ... take a hit ... and then pass it over to pendanski . derek what do you think the warden would do if he find out about this little field trip ? pendanski ( take a hit ) screw the warden . derek laugh at this . ext : TEXAS desert road -- night the Laundry truck approach 4 SMALL cluster of light in the distance . int : laundry truck -- next stanley and the other look out at the Way Station light loom in the distance . 58 . stanley hey fella ... we be here . ext : the way station -- entrance -- night the Laundry truck pull up to the way station entrance . the Way Station be a small cluster of building surround by a square shape fence with heavy barbed wire . at the gate there be several armed military guard post with german shepherd . as the truck pull up to the gate ... a armed guard approach pendanski on the driver 's side . pendanski even . guard even . pendanski hold out a digital clipboard to the guard . pendanski Gréen Lake ... laundry and supply exchange . the guard look through the clipboard . the second guard shine he flashlight into the back of the truck , see stanley and the other . pendanski ( cont have ) ( refer to they ) Laundry duty . they be with we . the Guards look at one another for a moment . guard ( to pendanski ) make sure this boy be with you on you way out . and get ‘em in plain clothes . pendanski yes , siz . derek {to the back ) you hear that , boy ? group ( simultaneous ) yes , sir . 5s . int : the way station -- night the Laundry truck pull in ... parking in front of one of the supply building in between two military jeep . as they get out of the truck , derek and pendanski throw some civilian shirt at stanley and the other . pendanski put this on . we unload Laundry first . stay close by or else I get court marshall . stanley and the other quickly put on the civilian clothes . int ; supply build -- later stanley and the other unload the laundry like before ... while derek and pendanski move through the supply storage section ... fill with large scale canned food , clothing , paper product , etc . stanley hey derek ... can you get we some froot loops ? derek ( derisive ) froot loops ! this be not the piggly wiggly , stanley . stanley go back to Laundry detail , disappointed . ext : supply build -- later pendanski shut the tailgate to the truck ... with the clean laundry and supplies load inside . pendanski alright . good work , boy . you ready for the last stop ? they all smile at one another . alan ready as we will ever be . ext : the last stop -- next stanley and the other approach the last stop ... another building on the other side of the Way Station . there be a orange neon sign hang above the entrance to the one story stone building . 60 . several drunken military officer stumble out of the door with women on they arm . bruce springsteen 's '' born to run '' can be hear blaring inside . stanley and the other stare at the woman as they walk past . x-ray oh ... my ... God . alan derek , do we have to go in with X - Ray ? he 's gonna scare all the woman off . x-ray shut up ! I can pimp any Ho in this place . I get X - Ray vision ! blan raise he hand to the other . alan Point prove . int : the last stop -- next Inside ... the last stop be a relatively small bar ... yet it be packed with people . pendanski and derek lead they through the crowd toward the bar ... while the other take in the scene with awe . behind the bar be a elderly bartender name earl . pendanski hey Earl ... six budweiser ! cur to : int : the last stop -- moment later Alan , derek , X - Ray and Zero be all play pool in the corner of the bar ... drink they beer . alan hey X -ray ... if anyone ask ... we be all eighteen . zero and we be not in prison ... get that ? X - Ray nod he head ... admire a group of women in the corner . derek we get about three hour ... sol reckon you boy get you groove on as fast as you can . they all pound they beer simultaneously . CUT to : int : the last stop -- next stanley be sit at a table across from pendanski . pendanski how be you deal with all of this , stanley ? stanley think for a moment . stanley Fine ... I guess . I think the time would go by really slow , you know ? ( beat ) but it do not . time fly when you do not pay attention to it . pendanski how much longer ? stanley till when ? pendanski till you turn eighteen . stanley about a year . pendanski nod he head slowly . stanley ( cont have ) you read my file ? ( beat ) you know what I do to get here ? pendanski nod he head slowly . stanley ( cont have ) thing be gonna get a whole lot worse for I when I turn eighteen , be not they ? pendanski be silent for a moment , know that he be deliver the grim truth . pendansei give the severity of you crime , you have get maybe a ten percent chance of get parole ... only if you have get letter of recommendation . 62 . stanley which I do not . pendansei most likely they x11 put you down in one of the camp in Mexico . maybe even South America . stanley nod he head slowly . he then take a sip from he beer . pendanski ( cont have ) I would not lie to you , stanley . that be tough place . compare to adult prison , Camp Green Lake be like summer camp . ( beat ) I tell you that , only because I be not pretend to be nice to you . ( beat ) I be not pretend to be you friend . stanley nod he head long and hard ... for the first time confront the severe turn that he life have take . pendanski ( cont have ) I be you friend , stanley . stanley nod he head . pendans ki pendanski ( cont have ) you 's be too smart , too good of a kid to have deserve this . it 's not fair the way thing work out for you . ( beat ) but no matter how bad it get , do not you ever run . because trust I , this desert go farther than you ever will on foot . just ask Jonathan gaine ... I find he body , and I do not ever want to find yours . stanley kind of ironic , be not it . a prison without wall ? ( try to change the subject ) be this all because I find you wife ? do it let you bury she memory ... see she that one last time ? think for a long moment , sip he beer . pendansei this may sound crazy , but ever since that day , I can not remember she . 63 . pendanski ( cont have ) ( beat ) she 's forget . stanley sometimes I wish I could just forget . I wish that I could just come down with amnesia . ( beat ) start over from scratch in some faraway place . pendanski you can , stanley . and you will . ( beat ) it just ... you 'il be about fifty year old when it happen . somehow , stanley manage to laugh at this , acknowledge truth . pendanski ( cont have ) you know what ? we need to get you boy drunk . ( look over at the bar ) and we need to get you boy laid . stanley smile , jokingly pretend to fix he hair . cur to : int : the last stop -- moment later the other be still play pool . Zero approach derek . zero hey derek , be it true that three outta four woman in this place be a prostitute ? derek you kiddin’ I ? four outta four . you want to get laid tonight , you better be prepare to pay for it . stanley and pendanski approach the group . pendanski leave that one up to I . zero ( suddenly excited ) be you kid , I ? pendansei I get enough for two of you . 64 . X - Ray approach anxiously . x-ray do I just hear what I think I hear ? zero no. go away . derek ( to X - Ray ) be you a virgin , little man ? x- ray Hell no ! derek good . then you be out of the run . x-ray ( piss off ) what the ... alan stanley 's a virgin . I think he 's the only one . pendansei be he tell the truth , stanley ? stanley hesitates for a moment . stanley ( somewhat embarrassed ) yeah . pendanski ( to Zero and Alan ) and I take it you two be a regular motley crue before all this , huh ? zero do not remind I of the past . i’11l start cry . alan ( to Zero ) there 's no way in hell that you masturbate more than I do . zero wanna bet ? 65 . x-ray ( try to get attention ) hey ! this one time I masturbate six time in one day ! pendanski ( to X - Ray ) shut up . ( back to Alan and Zero ) which one of you be the lifer ? Zero and Alan look at one another . zero that have be I . I be up for parole in less than a month . pendanski but you kill someone . be I right ? Zero be quiet for a moment . zero it be self - defense . it ... be a accident . pendanski listen , I be not here to judge you . if you be head south , you deserve this more than he do . ( beat ) stanley ... you and Zero be up . now we get to find you two some girl that I can afford . cur to : int : the last stop -- next pendanski be across the room talk to two twentystomething woman . Zero and stanley shoot pool nonchalantly ... try to hide the fact that they be both nervous as hell . X - Ray be in front stewing with Alan at the bar ... a line of shot of they ... courtesy of derek . derek drown you sorrow in booze , fella . then maybe you can try to get some without have to pay for it . x-ray can you keep a secret , derek ? derek no . x-ray ( beat ) I really be a virgin . I mean ... I have stick my finger in a few girl ... but that 's it . alan do not you mother teach you not to lie ? x-ray that 's the problem . my mother be 2 liar . she put the F in credit card fraud . derek ( F ? ) shitty gene ... huh X - Ray ? you best start drink now . they raise they shot glass . alan to the great lie of they all ... and then the shot be go . cur to : int : the last stop -- next pendanski approach stanley and Zero with two women . they be both wear out ... but certainly not unattractive . pendansei boy ... this be Amy ... and this be Stacey . Amy take Zero 's hand . amy follow I . stanley and Stacey follow they up the step . pendanski smile as they disappear upstairs ... feel some sense of closure for a debt that have finally be pay . int : upstair private room -- wext stanley and Stacey walk into the tiny room where there be a red light , bead and a couch . 67 . she go over to the bureau and light several candle . stacey how old be you ? stanley uh ... eighteen . she smile ... touch he face . he awkwardly go to kiss her ... but she pull back . stacey no kissing on the mouth . stanley sorry . she begin to take off she clothes . stanley do the same . when she be completely undress ... she walk he over to the couch ... hand he a condom . stacey now let 's put this on . stanley ( cont have ) you do not have to worry ... I be clean . stacey it 's not you I be worried about , honey . cur to ; int : upstair private room -- next stanley be now on top of she on the couch ... and they awkwardly begin to make love . about fifteen second later ... stanley climax . they be both quiet for a moment ... as if he be unsure of what to do next . stanley so ... be that as good for I as it be for you ? for a moment she stare at he ... want to laugh . stanley ( cont have ) that be a joke ... you be suppose to laugh now . i and then she do . she laugh long and hard . stanley ( cont would ) you 's be not suppose to laugh that hard . stacey I be sorry ... stanley you 's be hurt my feeling . I just lose my virginity ... and you be hurt my feeling . stacey I do not know ... I would have be more delicate with you . stanley we can ... do it again ... if you want . stacey ( that 's not gonna happen ) you be sweet . they begin to put they clothes back on . stanley ( beat ) why ... do you do this ? stacey it 's complicated . stanley I be not judge you or anything . you gotta do what you gotta do ... right ? stacey right . stanley it 's just be so long since I have talk to a woman . ( beat ) it 's be so long . stacey I be sorry . stanley can you just ... stanley do not know how to say this without sounding stupid . but somehow she understand what he be ask of she ... and she walk over and embrace he . 6s . for quite some time he stand there in she arm ... and she run she finger through he hair ... and for a moment it appear as if he be about to cry . ext : TEXAS desert -- helicopter shot -- sunrise we approach the laundry truck as it zoom across the desert back toward Camp Green Lake . stanley and Zero look at each other ... and neither of they can stop grin . Alan and X - Ray be bitter . alan you wipe that smile off you face , there Zero . stanley look out into the desert ... and once again he be remind of something from the past . CUT to : [ flashback ] ext : wood -- night stanley and Rebecca be run through the wood . gunfire can be hear in the distance . stanley be in front ... and Rebecca be trail behind . rebecca stanley ... wait ! stanley we have to hurry ! suddenly ... Rebecca trip and fall to the ground . stanley turn to go back ... and help she to she foot , but he quickly realize that the fall have knock the wind out of she . stanley ( cont have ) ( hold she hand ) take deep breath . deep breath . she breathes in deeply ... but soon she begin to cough severely . rebecca ( through she cough ) teese hum sic stanley it will be alright . just keep breathe . but soon Rebecca be cough up blood . 70 . int : tent D -- sunday morning stanley and the other slowly pull themselves from bed ... and there be a alarm go off . stanley look over at Theo from he bunk . Theo Roll call . ext : camp GREEN lake courtyard -- next all of the camper be once again assemble in a giant circle in the courtyard . the warden and Mr. Sir be talk in the center . stanley look over at Zero and Alan ... worried . pendanski be nowhere to be find . warden it have be bring to my attention that four man be leave unaccount for yesterday evening . everyone be silent . warden ( cont have ) i£ you leave camp last night on the laundry truck ... please step forward . no one do . warden ( cont have ) this be you last chance . step forward now . ( beat ) ox else . X - Ray be stand right next to stanley . x-ray ( whisper ) do not do it . he 's bluff . the warden survey the circle once again . he look at they long and hard . he then turn to theo . warden White . step forward . theo step forward from the circle . Theo Sir , yes , sir . pl® warden do you leave on the laundry truck last night ? Theo Sir , no sir . the warden pause for a moment . he then nod toward Mr. Sir ... who walk over carry he rifle . warden thank you for tell the truth . Mr. Sir then jab the but of he gun fiercely into theo 's stomach . he fall to the ground ... the wind knock out of he . stanley wince ... look over at Zero . Mr. Sir then kick theo once again in the stomach ... while he be double over on the ground . suddenly ... stanley step forward . stanley it be I ! the warden and Mr. Sir then turn toward stanley . stanley ( cont have ) Sir , I leave on the truck last night . Zero step forward . zero six , I leave on the truck last night too . warden ( long beat ) that 's only two . he look back at Mr. Sir ... who give theo one more kick to the rib ... leave he writhe in pain . Alan reluctantly step forward . alan siz , I be with they . finally , X - Ray step forward as well . x-ray Sir , so be I . the warden approach stanley . 2. warden I certainly hope that it be worth it . stanley Sir , yes six . the warden appear genuinely shocked . stanley ( cont have ) it be worth every second get out of this shithole , sir . ( beat ) it be worth every moment not have to look at you fuck face . you could hear a pin drop . stanley ( cont would ) stop beat theo , sir . if you 's be go to punish anybody , punish the one 's who deserve it , sir . theo be now cough up blood . the warden nod over to Mr. Sir ... who with a malevolent grin kick theo once again . stanley break out of the circle ... run over toward Mr. Sir . he then try to tackle he ... but Mr. Sir quickly knock stanley to the ground . he then place he boot onto stanley 's throat ... close off he windpipe . stanley struggle to free himself ... but he be quickly suffocating . zero let he go ! Zero then rush toward Mr. sir. Alan then follow ... and it appear for a moment that a mutiny be about to explode . Mr. six quickly put the end of he gun to stanley 's head . mr . sir come any closer and I 'il shoot he . Zero do not budge ... stanley be almost unconscious . theo be still cough ... in serious pain . mr . sir ( cont have ) get back in line ! 13° x-ray do it , Zero ! step back ! Zero and Alan retreat ... and finally Mr. six lift he boot up from stanley throat ... leave he gasp for ale < the warden walk over to they . warden ( to the group ) because of this unfortunate setback , we will now dig two hole a day . ( zight into stanley 's face ) thank you stanley . thank you for provide we with this opportunity to grow . and then the warden be go . mr . sir you hear the warden . get you shovel ! let 's go ! the circle disband as people rush back to get they shovel . stanley struggle to he foot ... and then go over to theo . stanley I be so sorry . theo , I be so sorry . Theo you be forgiven , stanley . you be forgiven . he then reach out he hand ... pull theo up to he foot . int : MAIN build supply room -- next pendanski approach Mr. Sir ... who be take inventory in the supply room . he then slam he up against the wall . pendanski what do you want ? have not this kid be through enough already ?! mr . sir I serve the warden . I obey the rule . pendanski he 's never go to find it ! there 's nothing out here ! can not you see that ? 74 . Mr. six smile at pendanski . mr . sir oh they 's 11 find it all right ... you just wait . ( beat ) you just wait and see . pendanski storm off angrily . ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- day later Mr. six be deliver water from the water truck . stanley wait in line to have he canteen fill . as he get to the front of the line ... Mr. six take he canteen and place it under the water spigot ... fill it up . mr. sir thirsty ? stanley yes , sir . once the canteen be fill ... Mr. Sir hold it out to stanley . but before stanley can retrieve it from he ... Mr. Sir pull it back , turn it on its side and dump the water out onto the sand . ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- day later stanley be once again digging ... almost finish with he hole . narrator they say that coincidence be God 's way of remind you that he be still axound . suddenly ... stanley 's shovel hit metal . he pause ... look down into the dirt curiously . narrator ( cont have ) and once again ... stanley be remind of this . he reach down into the dirt and pull out a unusual metal object that be about the size of a hammer . it have many facet and attachment on it ... hint that be be once attach to something much larger . stanley what the hell ... 75 . stanley look over at Zero ... who be quietly digging several yard away . there be large black circle under he eye . stanley hey Zero ... come check this out . Zero walk over and begin to examine the Hammer object with stanley . zero look like a spark plug . stanley yeah ... but a spark plug to what ? zero I do not know ... but it look like it come off something complicated . ( beat ) you gonna turn it in ? stanley I can not . I make a deal with X - Ray ... remember ? zero he 's all the way over on the west sector . stanley then I x11 just give it to he for tomorrow . stanley then put the Hammer object in he pocket . he then carve he code into the sand next to the hole . SOL 112 int : mess hall -- that night stanley and the other be eat dinner quietly . stanley hey X -ray ... you want a4 little present ? x-ray what you get ? stanley hand he the Hammer underneath the table . stanley this be what you be gonna dig up tomorrow . 76 . X - Ray 's face light up . x-ray aw yeah ! stanley you be the man ! ext : camp GREEN lake -- the next day we see X - Ray digging ... halfway through he hole . he then pull the Hammer out from he pocket ... and throw it down casually . he then shovel it back out ... just as pendanski come by in the water truck . x- ray hey pendanski ! I find something ! pendanski approach ... carry he digital clipboard . pendanski well I 'il be goddamn ... you little punk ass might just get a day off . he take the Hammer and examine £ty x-ray Hell yeah ! pendanski what the hell be this ... be it attach to something ? x-ray naw . just that . pendanski look down at the sand next to X - Ray 's hole ... note the registration number . pendanski yf 176 . he type the information into the clipboard . int : warden 's office -- next the warden sit behind he desk . there be large topography map cover the wall behind he . there be thousand of thumb tack cover they ... mark every hole that have be dig . there be a knock at the door . warden come in . pendanski enter . " th. pendanski six ... may I have a moment ? warden yes you may ... what be it ? pendanski hold the Hammer out toward the warden . pendanski do this interest you ? after put on he glass , the warden take the Hammer from pendanski ... examine it closely . the warden 's eye widen ... iw recognition . warden where be this find ? pendanski walk over to the wall map ... point to a specific area on the southwest sector , pendanski h34 , southwest sector . warden excavation . ten man . full surveillance . pendanski yes , sir . warden and pendanski ? pendansei six ? warden this be it . do not ever betray I again ... or I will bury you . pendanski nod he head ... and then leave . ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -—- day dozen of camper turn they head as Mr. Sir and another counselor drive by in they truck toward the west sector . over by X - Ray 's hole , camper have begin to assemble as word of the excavation team have spread throughout the camp . x-ray excavation ! 78 . X - Ray raise he hand in glorious victory . pendanski approach . pendanseki pick you team ... X - Ray . make it quick ... the warden be come . cur to : ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -- next X - Ray be surround by stanley , Zero , Alan , Anthony and theo ... as they all carefully dig around the edge of he hole . pendanski and several other counselor approach ... and one point out that there be another truck approach . x-ray I find it , boy . I find what we be look for . Theo be quiet . the warden be come . ANTHONY what do you say it look like ? x-ray BA hammer . it look like a hammer . stanley look over at Zero with a concerned expression . he raise he finger to he lip ... shaking he head as if to say : keep quiet . Zero nod he head in agreement . the warden 's truck arrive and he get out of the cab . he motion for pendanski . we see that the warden be now wear military fatigue . warden anything else ? pendanski not yet . warden watch they like a hawk , expand the perimeter ... ten foot down . pendanski yes sir . ( to the camper ) expand the perimeter ... ten foot down . ao % the camper re-establish they position around the hole ... expand it . Alan look at the warden 's clothes ... surprised . alan ( to Anthony ) the warden 's military . we have be digging for the military . ANTHONY tell I something I do not know . alan you ikmew ? how have you know ? ANTHONY think about it . digging for character ? you really buy that shit ? dissolve montage the hole be now twice as big ... but the camper still have not find anything . the warden pace around ... barely hide he anxiety . warden wheelbarrow team ... six man . dissolve montage there be now six camper take pile of dirt away in wheelbarrows to another dumping section ... allow for the hole to expand further out . as they dump the excess dirt ... the counselor sift through it to see if anything have be miss . in the distance engine can be hear ... as three military truck approach . stanley look up and see this ... glance over at Zero as if to say : holy shit . X - Ray be now exuberant . x-ray I tell you so ! I find it ! Theo ( terrify ) be quiet . you do not know what you find . 80 . the military officer get out of they truck ... and approach the warden ... salute he . officer Sir , full lighting , excavation equipment be on standby . warden set up the light . we switch up at sundown . dissolve montage the hole be now more than twenty foot across in diameter . the sun have begin to go down ... leave the sky purple and red ... approach sunset . warden we will dig into the night ... at sundown ... we switch up ... and again at sunrise . the officer have begin to setup large kleig light in the back of the truck . there be now more than two dozen camper digging the hole . stanley and Zero be digging on the south end . both appear exhausted ... dump theix shovel full of dirt into the wheelbarrows ... which be then take up a uphill path that have be establish on the north end of the hole . stanley ( whisper ) hey Zero ... what be you think ? zero ( look over he shoulder ) I be think we have get some information that the warden might be interested in . stanley geographic information ? zero yep . they dig silently for a moment . stanley I be think I still want to keep , that information to myself right now . bl . zero ( long beat ) until we can discuss thing a little further ... I can keep a secret , if you can . stanley just you and I ... we be the only one that know . suddenly ... a officer be stand above they on the edge of the hole . officer hey ! stanley and Zero look up at the officer . he then jab the but of he gun into stanley 's stomach . he fall to the ground in pain . Zero look up at the officer ... terrify that he hear theix conversation . officer ( cont would ) nobody stop until sundown ! keep digging ! Zero help stanley to he foot and then quickly jab he shovel down into the dirt . sundown the kleig light now illuminate the hole ... which be more than forty feet across ... and fifteen feet deep . the warden pace around the perimeter with a megaphone in he hand . Mr. Sir be with he . he be also wear military fatigue ... and he head have be shave into a crew cut . warden ( into megaphone ) roll call in five ! day crew only ! mr . sir you heard he ! let 's go! all of the exhaust camper walk up the wheel barrow path to the surface . stanley , Zero and the other all have black circle under they eye . Alan look down at he hand and see that they be red and blister . he look over at X - Ray . 82 . alan ( to X - Ray ) what the hell do you find , X - Ray ? x- ray I tell you ... some kind of Hammer ! one of the officer kmock X - Ray to the ground with the butt of he gun , send he reeling into the dirt . officer no talking ! X - Ray slowly get back to he foot ... join the line of camper . ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -- later that night from above ... we see the digger expand the hole under the harsh glare of the kleig light . several more military truck have arrive ... as the hole be now more than forty foot across . the warden continue to pace around the perimeter obsessively . int : rec room -- next stanley and Zero be the only one in the room . both look exhaust . stanley walk over to the jukebox and shuffles through the CD ... choose LED zeppelin 's '' stairway to heaven '. as the music blare they walk over and sit on the couch . [ note : the follow dialogue scene be play out in subtitles , due to the intentionally loud music ] . stanley ( whisper ) we have to whisper . zero I know . stanley should we tell the warden ? zero do you want to tell the warden ? stanley think for a moment . stanley no. 83 . zero I neither . they be both silent for a moment . stanley but ... how long will they dig before they figure out that it be not there ? zero I do not know . but it look like they be prepare to dig straight to the center of the Earth . stanley this could go on forever . zero they 'il never be able to find it without we , stanley . ( beat ) what if we tell they ... but demand that they parole we first ? stanley we both kmow they would beat the truth out of we . we be not in a position to negotiate . zero I be up for parole next week . this could be my last chance to live a normal life . this could be we ticket out , stanley . they do not care about we , they just care about what 's bury out there . stanley but if we tell , then we admit to lie ... to throw they off on purpose . what if that be cause for punishment and not reward ? zero sound like either way we could be screw , stanley either way , you be right about one thing . zero what 's that ? 84. stanley the warden do not care about we . either way we be slave . Disposable ... interchangeable ... and replaceable . they be silent fora moment . zero there be one more option . stanley and what be that ? zero run like hell . stanley silently admit to himself that run might be the only viable option they have leave as the music blare on . int ; tent D -- night stanley and Zero be lie in they bed ... both awake . x- Ray approach they . x-ray hey stanley ... stanley look around to see if any of they can hear they . stanley what ? k-ray what should we do ? stanley nothing . we bre damned if we do , damned if we do not . the warden will make a example out of both of we for lie . he will never reward a liar ... no matter how much he benefit from one . X - Ray nod he head ... and then go back to he drink . we move over to Theo 's cot ... and we see that he be wide awake ... have hear they entire conversation . ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -- sunrise as the sun come over the horizon ... the day crew of camper pass the night crew as they trudge out of the gigantic pit . it be now more than seventy foot across ... and fifteen foot deep . 85 . narrator after the first night ... all that have be find be a body . we see a full skeleton ... laid out on a sheet with the tatter rag of clothing next to it . narrator ( cont have ) he be a auto mechanic name Gordon Barclay . we see the warden scraping the mud off of he TEXAS driver' license ... with he muddy wallet in he other hand ... where there be a texaco id card . he then turn to Mr. six , who be stand with Anthony and several other camper . warden take it to the incinerator . they begin to cart the body off . narrator as we suspect ... Gordon Barclay be not what the warden be look £6z. ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -- late afternoon Anthony be now tear at the side of the pit wall with a pick axe . he begin to chip at what look like concrete . suddenly ... a stream of water spray out of the pit wall . Anthony jump back in surprise . ANTHONY Water ! suddenly ... a large section of the pit wall collapse ... and hundred of gallon of water come crash into the pit . camper begin to run away from the furious torrent of water , some of they fall to the ground . on the to ledge of the pit ... one of the military officer turm suddenly , notice the onslaught of water fill the pit . in he right hand he be hold a lit cigarette , and he quickly throw it down into the pit without think . as the water spread into the center of the pit ... we see it flow into channel of dirt toward the light cigarette . 86 . when the water collide with the cigarette ... we see that the water suddenly catch on FIRE . pendanski be the first one to discover this ... and he turn and run up toward the perimeter of the pit . pendanski ( scream ) get out of the pit !! it 's gasoline ! get out of the pit !! see the fire spread toward the source ... camper begin to scramble desperately to get away from the. fire . one camper barely make it out of the ankle deep flow before he pant become engulf in flame . he fall to the ground ... and pendanski throw a blanket on top of he leg , distinguishing they just in time . as pendanski pull the camper from the spread fire ... other desperately scramble to the edge . eventually the fire spread into a gigantic blaze ... cover the entire bottom of the pit ... send black smoke up into the purple sky . the warden , military officer and camper stare down into the fire in awe ... as if what they be witness be some sort of miracle . stanley and Zero look at one another in shock . CUT to : [ flashback ] ext : texaco station -- day we see gordon barclay stand down in the pit underneath a pickup truck suspend above he . he reach up for a wrench from another mechanic ... and we see the gas pump on the tarmac beyond the garage . narrator we imagine Gordon Barclay as a ghost leave to haunt this reservoir of fire ... ready to explode in a fury of revenge . from beyond the tarmac , we see the sky explode into white . cur to : ext : camp GREEN lake -- west sector -- sunset as the fire rage on ... the warden scream at the camper to begin throw dirt down onto its 87 . as they follow the warden 's order ... throw shovel after shovel of dirt onto the fire , the warden stare down in a furious rage before the glow kleig light , know that something be most certainly wrong . stanley and Zero be digging next to theo ... who look over at they with a suspicious glare . narrator it take we four hour to put out the fire . the burned camper be lay down on a stretcher ... surround by officer ... who apply dressing to he leg . narrator ( cont have ) mickey johansen suffer second degree burn to he leg ... but it turn out to be the best thing that ever happen to he . he get he parole eight month early . ext : camp GREEN lake -- courtyard -- night as stanley , Zero , X - Ray and the other walk back toward tent D , theo place he hand on stanley 's shoulder . Theo ( look straight into he eye ) everything happen for a reason . the fire be no coincidence . it be God , stanley . it be God ... show we the way home . and have say this , theo turn and walk off ... alone into the night . narrator and that be the last time that we ever see theo . stanley , Zero , Alan and X - Ray watch as he walk away from he ... not know what to say . int : warden 's office -- next the warden sit alone behind he desk with he jaw clench ... stare back at he map ... where the pit dimension be now obsessively draw out . there be a knock at he door . warden come in . 88 . the door open ... and Mr. Sir step into the office with theo . mr . sir Sir , this gentleman have something that he want to share with you . theo walk up to the warden ... he face white and he eye bloodshot . he look as if at any moment he could burst out into tear . the warden then take theo 's hand into he ... and flip they over ... revealing the deep scar on he wrist . and then the warden nod he head to theo ... know that the truth will come sooner than he expect , int : tent D -- early the next morning stanley be wrestle from he dream by Mr. Sir ... who stand over he cot with he gun draw . he turn and see that Zero and X - Ray be also already awake . he see that theo 's bunk be empty . mr . sir get dress . now . Alan sit up in he bunk ... watch he three best friend walk out of the tent , somehow kmow that he will never see any of they again . ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- sunrise stanley , Zero , and X - Ray be now sit in the back of Mr. Sir 's dodge pickup truck ... drive out into the east sector across the sand . they stare at one another silently with they face to the wind . ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -- moment later the truck arrive out in a remote section where the warden be stand next to theo on the edge of a freshly dig hole . Mr. six motion for they to get out of the cab ... and they follow one another toward the warden , who assess they silently . warden good morning . ( beat ) I understand that the three of you have some information regard we current excavation . 89 . none of they respond . warden ( cont have ) once again , if you have any information regard the current misguide excavation , please speak now . ( beat ) or else . stanley Sir , may I speak freely , sir ? the warden approach stanley slowly . warden yes , you may . stanley Sir , what be we digging for ? warden ( long beat ) something important . stanley no shit , six . what be it ? warden something more important than you . do you know where the rest of it be ? stanley be quiet for a moment ... and he glance over at Zero . stanley six , it be irresponsible for I to answer that question unless I know the repercussion . the warden nod he head to Mr. Sir , who jab he gun into theo 's stomach ... send he onto the ground . stanley wince at this . warden there will be repercussion either way . stanley Sir , I can not be hold responsible for what might happen if what you be look for be something dangerous . I can not live with that guilt . 90 . the warden nod he head once again to Mr. Sir ... who then kick theo once again in the stomach . Mr. Sir then shove theo over , and he fall into the hole with a thud . from down inside ... you can hear he cry . Zero look as if he be on the verge of tear . x- Ray simply stare down at the ground . warden because of you action , the innocent have already suffer , have they not ? stanley ( fiercely ) no sir , they have not . warden . tell I , do you dig you sister 's grave before you kill she ? stanley 's face be rigid . he do not respond . the warden nod once again to Mr. Sir ... who then take a shovel and begin to throw dirt down onto theo . x-ray tell he stanley ! for chrissake tell he ! the warden pull out a piece of paper and hold it up in Zero 's face . warden you see this ? this be a pardon . this document guarantee you parole . if you tell I where it be , you 'il be out of here tomorrow . Mr. six continue to throw pile of dirt down onto theo , bury he alive . x-ray tell he ! just tell he where you find it ! stanley look over at Zero , as if to say : please do not . zero I find it . it be over a month ago . qdd 209 . Southwest sector . the warden look at he long and hard . he then take the pardon slip and tear it into little piece . Zero 's eye slowly close . o15 warden tomorrow , all three of you will be send south to the camp . ( to Mr. Sir ) lock they in the incinerator room . Mr. six turn he back on the hole and approach they . mr . sir you hear he . let 's go . bnd then suddenly , Zero turn around and run southwest as fast as he can . x-ray Zero ! do not do it ! he keep run ... and he do not look back . Mr. six draw he gun , put he eye up to the scope ... place the crosshair directly on Zero 's back . mr . sir I have get he . warden take he out . mr . sir yes sir . we see Mr. six lock the crosshair right between Zero 's shoulder blade ... and he finger touch the trigger ... ready to pull ... _.. when suddenly Theo emerge from he hole like david with a large rock and bash mr . sir in the back of the head . Mr. Sir fall to the ground ... he gun fall out of he hand onto the dirt . almost immediately ... stanley have the gun in he hand ... and he have it point at the warden . theo fall to he knee ... the rock fall from he dirt cover hand . warden ( put he hand on he gun holster ) put it down . stanley do not think I will not kill you ! 92 . the warden flinch ... pull he hand away from he holster . stanley ( cont have ) ( to X - Ray ) get the key to the truck ! X - Ray pull the key to the truck off of Mr. Sir 's belt and jump into the cab . x-ray come on ! stanley theo ... come with we ! theo , still daze turn he head toward stanley . Theo I ... can not , stanley . I have to stay here . God mean it to happen just this way . stanley slowly nod he head . stanley back away from the warden ... the gun still aim at he chest . he then hop into the back of the pickup truck . stanley ( the gun still aim ) I bet you wish you know if Zero be tell the truth . ( beat ) good luck find it , sir . X - Ray start the engine and step on the accelerator ... send the dodge lurching forward in a cloud of dust . once the truck get up to full speed , stanley crawl through the back window into the cab . int : dodge pickup -- next stanley adjust himself into he seat ... put he seatbelt on . stanley there he be ! pull up behind he ! the truck begin to slow down just as Zero can be see through the windshield ... still run as fast as he can . suddenly ... a gunshot can be hear . stanley see that there be now a bullet hole in the windshield . 83 5 ext : camp GREEN lake -- east sector -— next the warden have he gun raise and he be fire at the truck . with all of the strength that he have leave , theo lunge at the warden . the warden quickly rebound , and knock theo to the ground . Theo ( cry ) it be suppose to happen ! it be suppose to happen this way ! theo raise he hand in the air as if to beg for mercy . the warden slowly raise he gun , aim it at theo ... and with no emotion whatsoever he pull the trigger . int : dodge pickup -- next Zero jump into the front of the cab and X - Ray step on the gas , send they once again southwest at full speed . zero ( heavy breathe ) what the hell happen ! stanley theo save we . x-ray where be I go ? I do not know where to go ! zero Southwest . just drive southwest toward the border . we have to go to Mexico . ext : TEXAS desert -- helicopter shot we see the truck crest a small incline ... dust billow out behind it ... catch air on the other side . int : dodge pickup -- next the three of they look out through the windshield when suddenly the desert begin to collapse beneath they . the truck skid off toward the leave into some sort of ditch ... and then smashes into a concrete pylon bury in the sand . in a instant the driver and passenger airbag deploy ... in a whiplash motion they body thrust forward into they . 94 ° ext : TEXAS desert -- next Sand pour down over the truck ... as it be now nestle into the ditch channel ... the front end completely totale . int : dodge pickup -- next stanley struggle to get he seatbelt off , cough from the smoke . stanley hey ... be everybody alright ? zero I think so . but then X - Ray begin to cough up blood onto he airbag . stanley x-ray ... be you ok ? but he do not answer . he only continue to cough . x-ray the steering wheel . hit I in the stomach hard . stanley we have to get out . come on . stanley get the passenger side door open and step out . Zero pull back X - Ray 's airbag ... and then reach around ... recline x- Ray seat so that he can slip out from behind the steering wheel . he then help pull he free ... guide he out of the passenger side door . ext : ditch channel -- next the truck be almost completely bury in the sand , camouflage from view . stanley examine the concrete slab that they collide with , as Zero help X - Ray lay down on the sand . zero I think you might have break a couple of rib . Lay down and take deep breath . : stanley there 's a open here . there something behind this pylon . 95 . we see that there be a three foot wide crack in the concrete slab ... and only darkness beyond . stanley run back to the rear cab area of the truck and remove a duffel bag and first aid kit . stanley rifle through the bag and pull out a large halogen flashlight . he turn it on ... shine it into the black open stanley oh my God . you be not gonna believe this . zero what be it ? stanley it 's a underground parking garage . there must be two hundred park car in there . X - Ray begin to cough more severely . stanley ( cont have ) come on ... we have to go inside . they 'il be come to look for we . int : underground parking garage -- next led by the bright flashlight beam ... they walk into the garage ... and we see dozen of parked car . they be remarkably well preserve ... park uniformly in they spot . stanley shine he light onto a oldsmobile station wagon ... and see that the driver 's door be ajar ... and lay next to it on the concrete be the skeleton of the woman who be drive it . x-ray theo be right about you , stanley . you find thing . that 's you gift . stanley seem like almost all the car should be empty . stanley shine the light across a chevy lumina ... a honda prelude ... and a toyota corolla . they be all empty . he then shine the light down the center aisle ... and he see two skeleton on the concrete next to one another . he walk over to they and see that there be a macy 's bag on the ground between they . 96 . he pick up the shopping bag and look inside , retrieve two men' sweatshirt . he then find the credit card receipt and wallet , and he hold it up to the flashlight . the name on the driver licence be mona steiner stanley ( cont have ) her name be mona steiner . she buy we some sweatshirt . you boy want some clean clothes ? x-ray Hell yeah . Zero walk X - Ray over to 4 range rover that be park next to a empty spot . CUT to : int : underground parking garage -- moment later Zero have find a large rock ... and he use it to smash through one of the back window of the range rover in order to get the door unlock . he then put X - Ray into the passenger seat of the Rover . zero now you / be riding in style , boy . x- ray always want to ride in a Range Rover . zero we need to tape up that rib . stanley come by with the sweatshirt and a second flashlight . stanley here 's another flashlight . I emptied out the truck . it 's all bury in the sand . I do not think anyone will see it . zero ( whisper ) he 's hurt real bad . I ... do not know what to do , other than keep he still , tape up he rib . , stanley look over at X - Ray , who be hold he stomach ... he eye close . 97 % stanley listen ... it 's gonna get real cold in here tonight . I be gonna go walk around , try and find some blanket . ( set down the duffel bag ) there 's enough food in here to last we for a little while . zero I will watch he ... check through this car . stanley I / 1ll meet you back here . and then stanley walk off into the dark garage . int : underground parking garage -- moment later stanley cross down into the lower section of the garage ... sweeping the halogen flashlight over the row of car . at the end of the parking level he shine the light onto a exit door that read : sear / parking level 1 stanley walk through the doorway . int : underground corridor -- next stanley walk to the end of the corridor and find himself at the entrance to the basement level of sear . int : sear underground level -- next stanley shine he light into the darkness ... revealing the houseware and furniture department . the aisle ... cover in dirt be remarkably well preserve . stanley pass through the athletic department ... sweeping the light across a row of baseball bat and basketball . he remove one of the basketball from its cardboard container ... and go to dribble it on the floor . when it hit the ground ... it deflate with a splat . stanley move through to the middle of the department where there be a pair of escalator rise up into the rubble . pack onto the escalator and cover from some of the fall debris from above be nearly a dozen skeleton and they clothing . 98 . stanley then turn and shine he light into the furniture section ... where there be four couch set up as a faux live room . stanley jackpot . cur to : int : sear underground level -— next stanley now have a kerosene heater sit in the middle of the faux live room setup . there be two can of chili sit on top of it , also provide additional warmth and illumination for the room . x- Ray be now laid out on one of the couch , wrap up in blanket . Zero walk into the live room area with box of boardghame . zero I have get scattergory , sorry , and Trivial Pursuit . x-ray Trivial Pursuit ! X - Ray then break into a fit of cough . zero calm down . you have to stay still . ( to stanley ) you sure it 's alright to put gasoline in a kerosene heater ? stanley I do not kmow . we x11 find out . CUT to : int : sear underground level -- next stanley and Zero be now sit on the floor next to the heater ... with the Trivial Pursuit millenium board set out on the carpet in between they . stanley how many minute do the average american need to reach the nearest McDonald 's , in 1998 ? zero ten minute . stanley be that you final answer ? 99 . zero yeah . stanley wrong . four minute . x-ray God , I would do anything for some McDonald 's right now . zero how long do you think it would take we to walk to the nearest macdonald 's right now ? stanley and X - Ray think for a moment . stanley two week . x-ray no way . a- month . and when we get there it would be close down . they be silent for a moment . x-ray sorry I wreck the truck . stanley it 's not you fault . it would have happen if either one of we be drive . x-ray be we gonna die down here , stanley ? stanley no one 's go to die . we just have to figure out what to do next . tomorrow we will figure out a plan . x-ray just I then . you two will figure it out . I do not see how I can move , anyhow . my inside be all bust up . zero ( new question ) what 's the second - most common object of phobias , after spider ? x-ray snake . 100 . zero be that you final answer ? x- ray yeah . zero wrong . x- ray well what be it then ? zero people . ( beat ) they ’1l1 be look for we . I know that . and if they find we , then what ? I think the longer we stay here the better . stanley we have no food and barely any water . he need a doctor , and he can not walk . x-ray ( get delirious ) do not leave I alone down here . please do not leave I . stanley ( new question ) what hairy cud -chewer serve as caddy at the 1996 vermont invitational celebrity golf tourney ? everyone be silent for a moment . zero hairy cud chewer ? x- ray what the hell be cud ? stanley like ... grain schmeg . I do not know . x- ray beaver . stanley be that you final answer ? x-ray yeah , cause I be gonna die soon . I know Lt. 101 . stanley wrong . the answer be llamas . and wrong . you be not go to die down here . zero do they sell gun at sear ? stanley no . I already check . we have get the one gun ... and the bullet from the truck . we can defend ourselves if we have to . zero the safest way to accomplish anything , be if we do it at night . x-ray please do not leave I . sit this out with I , and then bury I up top . do not let I be laid to rest down hear . ( beat ) I hate sear . my mom use to buy my clothes here . stanley close he eye ... try to conceal he panic . zero what beat writer start appear in nike ad three year before he die , at the age of 83 ? stanley William S. burrough . zero be that you final answer ? stanley yes . and I know I be right . x-ray you know what the worst regret be ? the worst part about it ? zero what ? x-ray I be still a virgin . I be not never be laid . X - Ray cough up more blood . 102 . x-ray ( cont have ) tell I what it feel like . Zero and stanley look at each other . stanley it 's the best feel in the world . zero it can not be deseuribe with word . stanley ( new question ) what Nancy Sinatra song do the FBI play at high volume in a effort to flush David koresh out of he waco compound ? x-ray boot be make for walkin’ . stanley how would you know that ? x-ray Mom 's favorite song . one hit wonder . ( beat ) why do you kill you sister , stanley ? stanley be silent for a moment ... look down at the Trivial Pursuit card in he hand . stanley ( ignore the question ) what do the slang term '' all day and all night '' mean to a prison inmate ? zero a life sentence . ( beat ) why do you kill you sister , stanley ? stanley be still look down at the Trivial Pursuit card when he finally begin to talk . stanley we get separate from we Mom and dad right after the first blast . ( beat ) for the next few month we move from camp to camp , raid what 's leave of the supermarket , learn to love puppy Chow . CUT to : [ flashback ] 103 . int : supermarket -- night stanley and Rebecca stand in a completely deserted aisle of the supermarket . all that be leave on the shelf in front of they be a bag of puppy chow . ext : supermarket parking lot -- night stanley and Rebecca sit on the curb in front of the entrance , eat handful after handful of dog food . cur to : int : sear underground level -—- next x-ray kibbles not bit be better . stanley we just keep try to find they . Rebecca start to get sick . just like everybody else . cut to : [ flashback ] ext : wood -- night we see stanley carry he sister through the wood ... she cough have now grow worse , cur to : int : sear underground level -- next stanley now speak very softly . stanley eventually we make it to this military hospital , if you could call it that . they have it set up in this elementary school . cut to : [ flashback ] int : school hallway -- next stanley carry he sister down a hallway line with locker . there be sick people everywhere . people scream for help , armed military personnel block doorway to classroom , family member plead to be admit . someone pull a gun ... try to get through ... but he be immediately tackle by several military Guards . 104 . stanley maneuver through the panicked mass and come to the entrance to the school gymnasium . there be a woman desperately plead with the guard to get inside . woman please ! I kmow he 's in there ! his name be walter Murray ! guard I be sorry Mam . we have no one by that name here . there be no room leave . you have to look somewhere else . woman please ! stanley approach the Guard with Rebecca in he arm . she be now hyperventilating . stanley look at the Guard desperately . stanley please . she 's start to hyperventilate . the Guard look at stanley for a long moment ... unable to deny that Rebecca be not in good health . guard name ? stanley ( write on he clipboard ) Rebecca Kramer . guard Age ? stanley eight . the Guard move to the side ... allow stanley through . the woman behind he begin to scream again . int : school gymnasium -- night Inside the gymnasium there be dozen of cot laid out in row on the floor , there be sick people everywhere , and just two volunteer doctor . cur to : 105 . int : sear underground level -- next stanley we be there for maybe two day ... and then she throat start to close up . CUT to : [ flashback ] int : school gymnasium -- night stanley be lay on the wood floor next to Rebecca 's cot ... when he be awaken by harsh breathe sound . he rise up to meet she face ... and we see that she be desperately hold she throat . stanley take she hand ... he face fill with panic . stanley Doctor ! we need a doctor ! but no one come . stanley ( cont have ) we need some medicine . woman there be not any . there 's nothing you can do but wait now . stanley turn he head and see that it be the woman who be try desperately to get into the gymnasium before . curt to : int : sear underground level -— next stanley finally ... they give she a tracheotomy ... and she be breathe through this straw . CUT to : [ flashback ] int : school gymnasium -- night Rebecca be now lay there with the tracheotomy tube stick out of she throat . her eye be barely open . stanley be next to she , hold she hand once again . 106 . stanley it will be alright . soon everything will be alright . cur to : ext : sear underground level -- next stanley I sit there with she for three week . and each day thing get a little worse . it get $ 0 she could not talk . she could barely open she eye they be so swollen . her tear duct be all dry up . tear have begin to roll down stanley 's cheek . stanley ( cont have ) you think that they x11 finally reach this threshold . where a person ... can not suffer anymore than they already kmow . you think that when it get so bad the body will just surrender ... and put the mind to rest ... put the pain away because it 's get nothing to do but just sit there day after day and repeat the same thing . ( beat ) but it do not . it just repeat itself . and repeat itself . ( beat ) you can only look at someone suffer for so long , until you have to finish what God start . you have to take responsibility , and do what you think will best provide for the person who suffer more than you do . CUT to : [ flashback ] int : school gymnasium -- night stanley be cry , hold he sister 's hand . he slowly teach he hand out and touch Rebecca 's swollen face ... and then move he hand down to she throat , and slowly remove the tracheotomy tube . we pull back slowly from stanley as he lower he head to she chest ... listen as the breath finally leave she body . cue : tos 107 . int : sear underground level -- next stanley but somebody see I do it . ( beat ) I do not know who , but somebody see I do it ... and before I know it , they be take I away . curt to : [ flashback ] int : school gymnasium -- night a hand grab stanley by the arm as he sit over Rebecca 's body ... pull he up to he foot . her hand fall from he , limp ... now touch the floor . curt to : int : sear underground level -- next stanley look up from the Trivial Pursuit card in he hand . he have not stop cry . stanley I guess they figure I be valuable . Young , healthy man . ( beat ) so that 's why I kill my sister . they be all silent for a moment . x- Ray have grow very weak . x-ray ( almost go ) you do not have to worry , stanley . i’1l tell Rebecca that you say hi . ( beat ) I be not cold . I be not cold anymore . ( beat ) you see I be lucky compare to she . I get mona steiner 's sweatshirt on . she buy this one special for I ... so I have be nice and warm . ( beat ) you see ... I get X - Ray vision . I can see through space and time . I can see she right now . we pull back to a wide angle of the sport goods department and escalator ... and they slowly morph back in time ... where the store be now bath in light , with shopper everywhere . 108 . X - Ray , stanley , and Zero watch from the faux live room as mona steiner and she sister , another plump , older woman , come down the escalator carry the macy shopping bag ... deep in conversation . x-ray ( cont 's d) I can hear they talk . she buy it for she son . to keep he warm . she 's glad that it get put to good use . mona steiner slowly turn she head and gay over at they with a smile . when she and she sister reach the bottom ... they turn and walk through the sport goods Department toward the exit . x-ray ( cont ‘’d ) you be my friend . ( beat ) you be my best friend . they watch she silently , from the future , with a sense of long for the past that have be lose . ext : TEXAS desert -- sunset stanley and Zero stand over X - Ray 's grave ... which they have just fill back up , adjacent to the ditch channel . zero that 's the last hole I be ever go to dig , stanley . stanley I , too. ( beat ) never again . with the duffel bag , flashlight , and the gun in hand , stanley and Zero begin to walk east in the direction from which they come ... the sky slowly turn from purple into black . narrator stanley and I walk back toward camp green lake ... know that the only logical solution be to finish what we start ... and then ... depend on the direction of fate ... either suffer or benefit from the consequence . ext : camp GREEN lake -- southwest sector -- night stanley and Zero maneuver through the darkness between the sea of hole . Beyond they ... the light from the camp can be see in the distance . narrator it be a fact know by everyone at Camp Green Lake that stanley have a imack for find thing . stanley and Zero look down at the hole that be the epicenter of they destination . the letter and number stare back at they from the sand . SOL 112 they jump down into the hole and begin to dig into the soil with there bare hand . they dig for a minute or so until stanley 's hand brush against something . stanley ( whisper ) I feel metal . they dig around the outline of what appear to be a rectangular metal BOX . the latch be undone . zero the latch be undone . stanley we have to open it . they stare silently down at the box . zero be you scared , stanley ? stanley no . we have get nothing to be scared of . after a moment 's hesitation , stanley lean down and open the lid to the box . he then step back ... and they stare blankly down at its content . they stare for a long time ... say nothing . 110 . zero what do you think it be ? stanley look closer . stanley ( long beat ) it look like a housing . a housing for what we find before . ( beat ) and there be twenty - three more of they . we finally see that inside the box be this : there be a intricate metal housing with twenty three of the spark plug hammer plugge into it on four parallel rows . in the upper leave corner ... one of the spark plug hammer be miss . zero do you think it 's a weapon ? stanley I think that it 's twenty - three load weapon . this thing eject they ... once they have be use up . ( beat ) I think the first one ... start all of this . start the war . ( long beat ) right now I wish that I have a Trivial Pursuit card that could tell I all of the answer . suddenly ... footstep can be hear from above . stanley and Zero turn quickly away ... Zero reach for the gun that sit in the corner of the hole . voice do not move . the voice belong to Mr. Sir . he have he gun aim down at they . mr . sir get out of the hole . right now . stanley and Zero slowly make they way to the surface . once they be up ... they see that the warden be wait for they . the warden assess the two young man for a long moment ... and then slowly approach they . of , . warden thank you for serve you country . ( beat ) May God have mercy on you soul . from behind the warden , two headlight approach from the distance . the warden then , without a trace of emotion , nod he head to Mr. Sir . stanley and Zero glance quickly back at one another ... know that this be it . Mr. six then raise he pistol to Zero ... he finger on the trigger ... _ , . when suddenly there be a loud electrical snapping SOUND . mr. sir 's head flinch slightly ... he eye suddenly filled with horrop ... just before he fall down face first onto the ground . stanley and Zero look down in shock at the back of Mr. Sir 's head ... and see the blade of one of the sparkplug hammer be imbedded in thes back of he skull . silence . the light from the approach truck be now get closer . the warden slowly turn he head toward the hole ... and before he have have the chance to reach for he gun ... _.. there be another electrical snapping SOUND ... and another sparkplug hammer eject from the hole ... turning end over end until it imbed itself into the warden 's chest . the warden fall to the ground ... hold onto the device bury deep within he chest cavity . blood gushes from he mouth . stanley slowly approach the warden like a cat . the headlight from the truck grow closer ... stanley lean down to the warden ... take he hand . the warden 's eye be fill with nothing but terror . stanley ( whisper ) May God forgive you for the suffer that you have cause . l223 the warden 's eye widen . we approach Zero ... who look just as terrify as the warden ... stare down into the hole with tear in he eye . narrator in that moment I realize the great interlock connection that have be make by this thing ... bury beneath I ... montage of image : jonathan gaine ... running away from the camp just as zero have . mr . sir ... pulling the trigger ... jonathan gaine falling to the ground . narrator I be remind of Jonathan gaine ... and Mr. sir. mr . sir 's dead by face down against the sand . diane pendanski ... smoking her cigarette at the basement entrance for bob 's big boy . her bone ... laid out on the blanket before the incinerator . narrator ( cont have ) ...0 for Diane ... and the man who lose she ... pendanski ... laying on he bunk ... staring at he wife 's wedding band . gordon barclay ... grasping the wrench in the pit of he texaco station . narrator ( cont no ) ...0 for Gordon Barclay ... and he sea of fire ... the FIRE raging from the pit ... as the camper watch . mona steiner ... gazing across the sba of time and space on the sear escalator . narrator ( cont have ) ...0 for mona steiner ... and she gift to she lose son ... l432 x-ray ... he eye close slowly on the couch in the faux sear live room . Theo ... lying desperately on the ground crying ... holding he hand up against the warden in fear . narrator ( cont have ) ...of theo ... and he faith in God ... rebecca ... wrapped in her towel , staring with a smile at her birthday cake ... narrator ( cont have ) ..of Rebecca ... and she brave heart ... stanley ... carrying rebecca 's birthday cake . stanley ... pulling the tracheotomy tube from rebeccam throat . narrator ( cont have ) ... and the warden ... and he secret ... the warden ... stand among a group of military officer in the school gymnasium ... looking across at stanley as he kill he sister . the warden ... eye and bloody mouth in a grimace of terror ... staring up at stanley 's angelic face . narrator ( cont have ) ... and stanley ... stanley ... jumping off the edge of he diving board into the blast . zero ... looking down at the hole in SHOCK ... he face completely white . narrator ( cont have ) ... the one who be good at find thing . thing bury in the earth now revisite ... from the future back into the past ... and then bury once again . buried beneath my foot in this strange connection . stanley hold the warden 's hand as the life pass from he ... the light from the approach truck bathing they in a white glow . as the military truck come to a stop , stanley and Zero look up and see that it be pendanski who step out . 114 . he be now wear a military uniform ... he head shave into a crew cut . he approach they slowly ... assess the scene . judge the aftermath . decide what to do next be the thing that they have be do for so long . pendanski start digging . there be not much time . cur to : ext : camp GREEN lake -- southwest sector -- night stanley , Zero and pendanski stand over the fill hole where the warden and Mr. Sir now rest . from SOL 112 they then retrieve the Metal box contain the remain 21 sparkplug hammer ... and they place it carefully into the back of the military truck . pendanski then grab a stack of fatigue ... and throw they at stanley and Zero . pendansei put this on . you have be draft . int : military truck -- next stanley and Zero sit in the cab of the truck as pendanski drive . they drive back through the camp for the last time ... ignore entirely by the score of military personnel move throughout . they approach the entrance , where the arched sign stare back at they : welcome to camp GREEN lake as they pull up to 4 stop ... there be a armed military guard stand there . stanley look over and see that the Guard be actually derek . his hair have also be shave into a crew cut . pendanski ( to derek ) Laundry duty . derek look briefly over at stanley and Zero ... nod he head ... and then wave they through . 1i5 % the truck then drive off into the desert night ... leave the camp behind forever ... with its precious cargo in tow ... CUT to : ext : ocean -- day we pull back from ocean wave into the wake of a large civilian transport ship . ext : transport ship -- next stanley , Zero , and pendanski emerge from a group of people on the rear deck of the ship . they be dress like civilian in winter patagonias . as we get closer ... we see that stanley and Zero be carry both end of a huge blue duffel bag . as they carry it to the edge of the railing that overlook the back of the transport ship ... they pause for a moment ... rest the duffel bag on the back of the railing . pendanski stand behind they ... look down at the wake form in the water . pendanski whatever it be ... it do what it do for a reason . ( beat ) and now it want to be bury . ( beat ) or it would not have let we come this far . stanley and Zero look at one another . zero bury the past . stanley nod in agreement . stanley bury the past . and with that , they tip the duffel bag over the railing ... and it plunge into the ocean . they stare back for a moment ... and stanley 's eye widen suddenly ... he face fill with some wondrous realization . 116 . narrator and then we be fill with a great and strange wisdom . we go to a place where we could bury we regret . that same regret that have imbed itself , without choice , in the heart of that who be no longer around to show we the way . with this knowledge we sail forth on a new path , through the architechture of this immense planet , its mystery still unsolve . ( beat ) and we have not look back since . and with that ... the ship trail away from we ..- gain speed into the horizon . fade out :