the hollow man write by Andrew W. marlowe Red wagon prods . revise draft 6/26/98 fade in : on complete darkness . a SMALL door swing open . a circle of light reveal that we I be look down the length of a tube . at the far end of the tube , we see a glove hand dangle a rat . the hand shove the frighten rat into the tube and close the door behind it . the rat 's stark white fur bristle and it begin to pad down the tube 's length . after several foot , the tube open up into a dimly light cubicle . the rat hesitates and stop . the sound of gentle breathing whisper in the rat 's ear . the rat turn round to head back down the tube , but a door swing shut , trapping it in the cubicle . the rat cower as the breathing turn to snorting . the rat 's head jerk around , look for sign of danger , but the cubicle be empty . the rat see a water dish on the far side of the cubicle - a place to hide - and dash toward it . but a invisible force descend . the rat squeal in agony as something smashes down on its body , crush it . a loud bellow ring out , and the rat fly into the air , halting a few foot off the ground . its body writhes , struggle against the unholy force . then a sick crunch of tiny bone snap . all life quickly drain from the levitate body . Dead eye ... the creature 's corpse float in mid-air . then the white fur of the rat explode in a shower of blood . huge blood smear incisor appear , as do the red-slick ape - like lip . the gape bloody mouth bite again into the rat . CUT to : int . bedroom - night in the background we hear jay leno 's monologue from the tonight show . a small lamp and the glow from a computer screen illuminate sebastian caine , late twenty with the shabby good look of a perpetual grad-student . wiry frame and wear only boxer short , sebastian sip coffee from a Einstein coffee mug . he peer at a complex computer render molecule display on he screen . he peck a few key and the molecule shift slightly , then fall apart . sebastian pull a twinkie from a hostess box , unwrap the cellophane and suck it down . he attack the keyboard with renew vigor . another molecule appear on the screen . sebastian 's finger fly across the keyboard . the molecule blink on and off , it tremble and twist apart . sebastian damnit . sebastian pear out he window . across the courtyard , a light come on in a neighbor window . he see a brunette , mid-twenty , absolutely stun , enter she live room . the brunette thumb through the mail , toss it and then begin to undress . sebastian loan over to the window , get interested . but when the brunette reach she bra and panty , she cross to the window and lower she shade . sebastian ( cont d) damnit . sebastian lean back in he chair and close he eye . he 's obviously tired . he open he eye and stare up at the ceiling . paint across the white matte finish in big red letter be a brief reminder - you should be work . sebastian sigh , lean forward and begin peck away again . later : the television be now only static . we pan by he alarm clock . 4 be . we find sebastian pace in front of he computer . he get a idea ... slide back in he chair . type away again . the molecule reform on the computer screen . he type a few more key , wait , watch the molecule . nothing happen . he hit a few more key and watch intently for a reaction . sebastian ( beat ) I be a goddamn genius . he hit a few more key and a telephone keypad appear on the screen . he dial . CUT to : int . another bedroom - night digital phone ring . in the bed , linda foster , late twenty , stir from a deep sleep . as she straggle out of bed and over to she desk , we notice a young man sleep next to she . the ringing continue . she move she computer mouse around and she screen come to life . she click on a telephone icon and the ringing stop . a beat later , sebastian appear in a window on she screen . linda sebastian , do you know what time it be ? sebastian ( screen ) you know Da vinci never sleep . Said it be waste of time . linda what be it this time ? intercut : sebastian S bedroom sebastian peer at the image of Linda in the computer window . he notice something behind she in the bed , the young man sleep face down . sebastian who 's that ? Linda pull the camera off the top of the of the computer screen and position it so sebastian can t see the bed . linda not you business . not anymore . sebastian touche . linda so you call about anything in particular , or be you just hope to catch I sleep in the nude ? sebastian I crack the reversion . upon hearing this , Linda receive a jolt of adrenaline . linda you crack it ? sebastian look at this . sebastian hit a couple of key . a moment later the molecular structure appear on Linda 's computer . sebastian watch this . linda you sure ? sebastian 91 % sure . linda ( astonished ) eleven month with no progress and you suddenly come up with it out of the blue ? how ? sebastian the usual . coffee and twinky . linda I hate you . sebastian I know . you think you could hunt down Matt and get to the lab early . I want isabelle prepped for a live test . linda yeah , I think I can find he . what be you go to do ? sebastian well y know . it 's daylight in Switzerland . I gotta call the Nobel Committee and tell they to get we prize ready . see you in a few . on linda S computer screen as sebastian click off . Linda cross to she bed , and shake the guy awake . linda hey ... come on . dr . matthew kensington , late 20 too , stir from under sheet . matt ( groggy ) what ? linda sebastian just call . we gotta get to the lab . Matt bolt up . matt shit ! you didn t tell he I be here , do you ? linda give I some credit , will ya . matt so what 's the rush ? linda he crack reversion . Matt pull he jeans on . matt wanna ride down ? linda we better take we own car . matt you be gonna have to tell he about we eventually . linda I know . it 's just you be he best friend . he will feel betrayed . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. skyline - day from a distance , the Nation 's monument stand awash in the harsh light of morning . camera find a black porsche as it pull to the security fence of a warehouse . the impose structure be surround by a chainlink fence and barb wire . the porsche be wave through security and head straight into the warehouse . int . warehouse - day the porsche pull to a halt in a reserve parking space and sebastian exit , wear a Hawaiian shirt , short , and birkenstock . he note the other car park in the lot , then cross to bunker in the center of the warehouse , guard by a marine , shoulder a m - 16 . marine guard Morning , sir . sebastian Morning , ed. marine guard you team 's in early . something special go on ? sebastian sorry , Ed . you know the rule . sebastian press he thumb against a glass screen . a laser read he print . scan readout : caine , sebastian clearance : alpha alpha three division : classified the door whisk open and sebastian step inside . marine guard have a good day , sir . int . elevator - day Inside the elevator be a numberless keypad . sebastian tap in he floor code . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization please . sebastian caine zero zero two seven . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization verify . good morning , Dr. caine . the elevator descend with a groan hum . it pass below we and keep descend into the belly of the earth , the shaft go down forever . int . habitat S corridor we slowly push down a hallway panell by plexiglas chamber . each chamber look as if it 's tailore for a specific animal , although no animal be visible . as we pass one habitat , something slam into the plexiglas and begin bark . another howl join in . then screeching . suddenly the hallway fill with a dozen animal cry . thump . thump . the plexiglas on several chamber vibrate as if angry animal be slamm against it . but still , no animal be see . above each chamber , video screen display thermal image revealing heat signature of the various animal , but they remain invisible to the naked eye . matt tap on a sheet of plexiglas which seal off another seemingly empty cage . matt isabelle ... the woodchip on the floor shift and suddenly the plexiglas steam up right in front of Matt 's face . the plexiglas begin to shake violently . matt ( cont d) calm down baby . calm down . it 's okay ... Matt take a pair of thermal goggle from he belt and pull they down over he eye . thermal Pov - a rather large heat signature , ape-like in shape , rattles about the cage . Matt slowly unlatch the plexiglas door and reach inside . matt ( cont d) it 's okay , baby . it 's okay . I m not go to hurt you . come here . thermal Pov - he reach out to the creature . he grab hold of it , firmly . stroke it . the creature coo . Matt reach for a hypo and bring it up to the creature . matt ( cont d) just hold still . something clamp down on he hand , break he skin . blood erupt in a bite pattern . matt ( cont d) ow , shit . Matt drop the hypo and fall back . the cage door fly open and something run out . Matt pull himself up to see the heat signature run down the hallway . he turn around to see another heat signature come at he . Matt pull off he goggle to see Linda come up the corridor . linda you okay ? matt she bit I . linda yeah . she 's become a lot more aggressive in the last few day . Linda take the goggle from matt. linda ( cont d) go take care of that bite . I will get she . matt and give you a chance to pull ahead ? never . Linda open a lock - box at the end of the hallway and pull out a two tranquilizer gun . she hand one to Matt . around the corner a slight distortion shimmer as something run past we . we hear hoot and footstep . look down the shadowy corridor , we hear grunt and a haunt heavy breathe . the control door be close though and something large and angry be throw itself against it . we can t see anything . a few moment later , Linda and Matt round the corner , wear goggle and leveling they pistol . matt ( ala porky ) shh . be vewy , vewy quiet . I m hunt simian . heheheheh . linda knock it off . ( soothing voice ) isabelle ! thermal Pov - Dark hallway . Movement . a red shimmer heat signature . it come run at Linda . howling . Linda fire . a t-dart fly . thwack ... it stop in mid-air . then fall . but it doesn t hit the floor . instead , it stop inch above the ground . thermal Pov - the heat signature lie in a heap at Linda 's foot . matt good shootin , tex. linda what 's that make it ? matt I m still ahead . 6 to 5 . like a smug gunfighter , Linda blow imaginary smoke from the top of she tranquilizer gun . linda but I m catch up . int . corridor - day the elevator door open and sebastian step out . he 's meet by sarah kennedy , early thirty , a fiery red-head . sarah can I have a word ? sebastian most normal people say good morning . sarah Don t you think you should test the protocol on the liver sample before you inject isabelle ? sebastian how many tissue sample have we successfully regress ? hundred , right ? how many have go on to work on the full system ? none. sarah that 's beside the point . sebastian no , that be the point . I m not go to waste six month of my life on a outmode testing procedure . this thing work . I know it . I feel it . Linda come down the corridor , listen in on the tail end of the conversation . sarah Fine . you can mop up afterward . sebastian you think I m go to kill isabelle ? sarah kill ? more like liquefy . sebastian Sarah , thank you for you opinion , but I m the project leader . understand ? she say ... sarah yes , sir. ... but somehow it feel like fuck you . she storm off . sebastian turn to Linda . sebastian how do you ever convince I to hire she ? linda you say you want the beat vet in the country . sebastian yeah , well she care more about the animal than the research . linda maybe that 's why she 's so good . CUT to : close on : matt as he shut off the spin cyclotron . as it 's spin slow to a halt , he pop the top and reach in , remove ... a glowing vial of orange liquid . sebastian peer at the vial . sebastian who da man ? you da man. matt as we pull out we see we be . int . laboratory - day almost feel like a dungeon . think high - tech frankenstein . wall line with video display , technical readout , bizarre medical equipment . on a table in the middle of the room , a sheet drape over a humanoid form , strapped down at it 's invisible limb . the strap move slightly ... ghostly . wire lead from the body to lot of machinery . matt protocol be hot . sebastian vital ? Sarah , check over the various readout ... heartbeat , blood pressure , the rest . sarah normal . carter abbey , the late thirty lab assistant , wheel in a cart of equipment . Linda take a seat by the table and push aside the sheet . booming voice this be GOD . you be disturbing the natural order of thing and will be severely punished for all eternity . GOD have spoken . sebastian how many time do I have to tell you , Frank you aren t god. ( beat ) I be . frank ( loudspeaker ) sorry , boss. forget . sebastian glance up at a glass booth overlook the Laboratory floor . two people in the booth . sebastian you guy ready to roll ? int . observation booth frank chase , early thirty , and tech expert janice walton , early twenty , man a small booth above the lab . they be dress more like band roady than scientist . the room be cramme with electronic and recording equipment . a handful of monitor display different image of the lab . thermal and regular video . another screen monitor vital sign . frank we be live and in color . on you mark . Frank and Janice look down on they colleague . sebastian nod they way . sebastian okay . Roll they . janice okay . we be roll record on video one through twelve . Frank hit a series of button and speak into a microphone . record . int . laboratory - day Frank 's voice echoe through the chamber . frank ( v.o. ) subject isabelle two . currently in phase shift ... one hundred twenty six day , eighteen hour . linda test de- phase protocol . injecting serial protein caine one two five . Linda remove a glow vial of orange liquid from a centrifuge nearby . matt maybe if you stop name they after yourself , you d have better luck . sebastian why thank you , Dr. kensington , for that keen scientific observation . I will be sure to include it in my memoir . matt a whole mention ? and I think I be just gonna be a footnote . Matt unwrap a hypodermic needle and jab the needle into the vial , draw up the color liquid . int . observation booth matt okay . Frank and Janice monitor isabelle 's vital . int . laboratory - day tension in the air . sebastian ( to Linda ) ready . she wrap a bungee cord around nothing and pull it tight . she then take some dye and spray it . a surface appear , float beneath the restraint . it sheen in the light as Linda search for a vein . she slap the surface several time . a small bulge appear , like a vein . linda propped . matt let 's make some history . Matt lower the hypo to the vein . but sebastian take the hypo from Matt 's hand . sebastian Nice try , sparky . Matt relinquish the needle . linda come on , isabelle . you can do this . sebastian lower the hypo . the skin bond and give . the needle remain in sight after it slip through the visible surface . Matt press down on the hypo plunger , release a dye into he bloodstream . the gold liquid twist into a long snake tube up and down the limb . it 's the shape of a vein . the liquid begin to react . small flash of light blip up and down the strand of color . ba-bump .. ba-bump ... the heartbeat start to speed up . sarah elevated heartbeat . int . observation booth Janice analyze the screen . janice we be still in the green . frank confirm . vital still in the normal range . int . laboratory the glow liquid turn from gold to red as the complex webbing of a bloodstream appear . matt it 's reacting . spread out from the bloodstream , soon become visible .. the shadow of a skeletal system . sebastian do you see this ? linda it 's work . it 's actually work . Matt pull the sheet back . muscle be beginning to appear . and eyeball . frightened eyeball . sarah heart rate 's up . she 's scared . Sarah soothes she . sarah ( cont d) it 's okay , baby . it 's okay . sebastian subject begin manifest almost immediately . protocol be reacting quickly . isabelle start to struggle against she restraint . she begin to howl . linda subject may be in pain or extreme discomfort . sarah goddamnit . blood pressure elevate . Brain activity go through the roof . the brain appear , seemingly grow from the inside out . the shape of a large half - form monkey grow from the inside out . a skull appear howling in pain , in horror . sarah ( cont d) we have get a problem . sebastian what ? what problem ! Sarah check she monitor . sarah it 's she heart . we can see the heart beat in the ape 's frank ( v.0 . ) I get a erratic heart beat . sarah she 's go into cardiac arrest . linda get the crash cart . Carter charge the crash cart and roll it in . sarah we be lose she . her machine flatline . sebastian no ! it 's get to work . the body be only half there . it look as if its catch in decomposition . Linda rub the cardiac paddle together . linda clear ! Linda slam the paddle on the monkey 's chest . the jolt of electricity make the monkey visible again for a brief moment . then the skin and flesh fade away again . sarah we have get something ! the heartbeat start up again . the body continue its march toward , visibility . sarah ( cont d) still. erratic . linda come on isabelle . come on . you can do it . you can fuck do it . everybody 's pull for she . sarah come on , monkey . matt do it . do it . come on . muscle spread like a rash on bone as the monkey twist and turn , frighten . then skin . the monkey howl . skin form over the muscle reappearing like it be be paint on before we eye . sarah stabilize . the entire form glow , then blink , then glow again , as if it be discharge some store energy . frank ( v.0 . ) Brain activity return to normal . the monkey grunt and groan . blink its eye . Linda hover over it stroking its fur . linda welcome back , isabelle . sebastian put he hand on Linda 's shoulder ... a move that do not go unnotice by Matt . we do it . sebastian ( beat ) how be she ? sarah ( surprised ) I think she 's gonna be okay dissolve to : int . habitat Frank , Matt , Sarah , Janice and Linda watch isabelle rise and walk about the cage . she go over to the other monkey and join in they groom ritual . carter amazing . she 's normal , absolutely healthy . if you do not know any better , you would think nothing have happen to she . matt ( ribbing Sarah ) yeah . I can not wait to slice up she brain and trace she neural pathway . sarah screw you , Matt . matt well maybe not right away . linda we should celebrate . int . restaurant - night the fanciest one in D.C. the entire eight person team sit around a round table , drunk and laugh , as the last champagne flute be fill . sebastian raise he glass . sebastian to the finest research team I have ever know . a round of " hear , hear " and they all clink glass and drink . ext . restaurant balcony - later the din of the diner fade away as Linda slip out onto the restaurant 's balcony . she find sebastian lean against a railing , breathe in the night air . sebastian hey ... linda I think you would go . sebastian where would I go ? he look out over the sweep of the city , the twinkle light of D.C. and darkness of the potomac river . sebastian ( cont would ) twenty year ago there be no computer , no fax machine , no cell phone . I be just wonder what the world will be like twenty year from now ... if what we be do will change everything . linda a little " I be become death ... the shatterer of world " ? sebastian something like that . linda since the day I meet , all you want to do be change the world . she put she hand on he shoulder . linda ( cont would ) listen , I know we have ... I mean ... well ... I just want you to know how proud I be of you . I know it probably do not mean a lot ... sebastian actually it do . ( beat ) I guess since you be there from the beginning , you know I better than anyone else on this godforsake planet . linda you be positively maudlin . you should be happy . do you have any idea what you have accomplish ? sebastian yeah ... but I be work so hard , I do not realize I would have no one to share it with . sebastian head back inside . but he stop and turn back . sebastian ( cont would ) I do not suppose we could turn back the clock for a night and you could come home with I ? her look say it all . too much water under the bridge . sebastian ( cont would ) right . sorry . too much champagne . he turn and head back into the party . as he head in he pass Matt head out . he and sebastian exchange " hey " . matt what be that about ? linda nothing . it 's just ... he be who he be . sometimes I just have to be remind . CUT to : int . laboratory - night sebastian wander through the empty hallway of the laboratory . int . hallway of habitat - night sebastian pace back and forth , examine the habitat . he tap on the plexiglas of one . the cubicle explode with barking . we see the plexi steam up in one part , as if something be breathe on it . as if a nose be press against it . sebastian ( a little drunk ) what 's it like ? talk goddamnit ! tell I what it 's like ! dissolve to : ext . pentagon - day Flying over Washington D. c. , we cross the potomac and circle the five - cornere building , look particularly gloomy on this grey day . sebastian ( v.0 . ) six year ago , this committee commission I with a very specific task ... int . pentagon conference room - day at the table be six man . a handful of senior military brass and top civilian advisor direct they attention to the front of the room , where sebastian , flanke by Matt and Linda , be in the middle of he presentation . sebastian to successful phase - shift a human be out of quantum sync with the visible universe and then return he safely , with no after affect . next to sebastian a video show a small monkey shifting from the visible spectrum . it 's hair , skin , organ and skeleton slowly dissolve before we eye . sebastian ( cont would ) well , we find out send they to " never - never - land " be easy , it 's the get back that 's hard . sebastian fast forward a few moment until the video screen show the bizarrely tangle heap of flesh and bone that use to be alive . sebastian ( cont would ) every time we have try to bring a test subject back from phase - shift . cellular bond would dissolve , the primary DNA strand would decay . but now ... sebastian pause . something 's bother he . sebastian ( cont would ) but now ... one of the senior adviser , dr . harry kramer , distinguished 5as , finally break the silence . kramer but now ? Linda and Matt look up at sebastian expectantly . sebastian ( cont 'd ) but now ... ( pause ) but now , we feel we be closer than ever to resolve this issue . we have be experiment with a new regression formula that look rather promise . a four STAR general lean forward . general how long ? sebastian Sir ? general Son , as you can imagine , we be very anxious to field test this tactical asset . how long till you resolve this issue ? Linda start to speak , but sebastian cut she off with a look . sebastian should not be more than another year , Sir . frustrate sigh all around the room . sebastian ( cont would ) maybe sooner . ext . pentagon - day as Linda , Matt and sebastian head to they car . matt yo. reality check ! what the hell be that about ? sebastian keep you voice down . matt the protocol work . why would you tell they it do not ? sebastian I be not ready for they to know . matt but they be the oversight committee . they be suppose to know . linda I be sure he have a reason . ( firmly ) you do have a reason , do not you , sebastian ? sebastian I have more than a reason . I have a goddamn epiphany . they reach he porsche . sebastian ( cont would ) what do you think they would do if they know we could send a subject into phase shift and pull it back out again ? how many second would it take for they to take over the whole project , bring in they soldier to test the formula on . we would have lose control of it by the end of the week . linda it 's they money , sebastian . it 's go to happen eventually . sebastian I know . but not yet . there 's too much for we to learn . I do not want my hand tie by they political agenda when we go to phase three . matt well , then ... mind tell we how you be gonna get a human test - subject for phase three without the committee find out ? sebastian that 's easy . I have decide to test the procedure ... int . laboratory conference room - day sebastian ... on myself . the team sit around the conference table . they jaw drop and they stare at he with wide eye . frank be you nut ? sebastian be jonas salk nut ? frank yeah . pretty sure he be . carter and remember , for every jonas salk , there be a bunch of guy who be not famous cuz they die . sebastian if we be that unsure , how can we morally justify testing it on someone else ? janice be not it a little soon to be move into phase three anyway ? sarah she 's right . we have not even finish collate the phase two research . sebastian we will have plenty of time to collate and cross-reference later . monkey data do not matter anyway . the only real data be human data . sarah you do not even know if any of the protocol will work on human . sebastian how be we gonna find out ? besides , we have succeed with a gorilla and they DNA be 98 % the same as human . and the 2 % be not that significant . linda sebastian ... human can talk , build house and cook in microwave oven . gorilla 's live in tree . that 's a helluva 2 % if you ask I . sebastian we be all concerned . I know that . but if we be gonna move forward ever , this be something we have to do . linda why you ? why not one of we ? sebastian the risk . I could not ask ... matt ( interrupt ) what if we volunteer ? linda what if you be too valuable to lose ? sebastian I be Project leader . it 's my formula and my call . the best way to express you concern be to make damn sure you do you best work . I will want about four week to ... frank to put you affair in order ? sebastian to run some more reversion and tissue test and then we will attempt the phase shift . I will stay shift for three day of testing and then we will perform a quantum regression . int . sebastian' office a knock on the door . sebastian come in . Linda push into the room and close the door behind she . sebastian ( cont would ) what ? linda in the past six year , I have never once challenge you decision , but this ... sebastian . I do not think you should do this . sebastian you do not understand . linda oh please . how long be we together ? you must have say it a million time ... nobody know who build the lunar lander . all they remember in the first man on the moon . sebastian shrug and nod . linda ( cont would ) but what if something happen to you ... what about the project ? sebastian smile . sebastian lin , trust I ... nothing 's go to happen . int . bedroom - night Linda and Matt be in bed together . Matt kiss she way up and down she arm . but Linda be distract . linda he refuse to listen to reason . matt can we talk about this later ? I be try to make love to you . linda sorry . I just can not let it go . Matt prop himself up on the pillow . matt I know how you be feel . Hell , he and I have be friend since freshman year . linda so how can we let he do this ? matt what if you be give the opportunity to be the first person on , Mars , would you go ? linda in a heartbeat . matt what if they do not know whether or not they could get you home ? Linda think about it . it 's still tempting . matt ( cont would ) this be he chance to be Chuck yeager or Christopher Columbus . well , if I be he I would do the same thing . Matt go back to kissing Linda . linda let I ask another question . matt be about who get to be on top ? linda be the human race really ready for what we be do ? Matt groan and roll over . matt why do you always get philosophical before we be about to get physical ? linda no really . be it ready ? we be barrel down a road that beg moral and ethical question that I do not think we can answer . matt they say the same thing about the bomb . they say we would never survive the nuclear age ... but here we be . linda this night be still young . ( beat ) I mean , when you think about it , it 's creepy . do we really want to live in a world where people can just disappear in the blink of a eye ? matt we make we deal with the devil year ago . might as well stick around to cash in . int . medical examining room - day sebastian stripped to he short pace nervously . a knock on the door . sebastian ( he voice catch ) yes ? Matt stick he head in . matt we be ready . sebastian nervously shake he limb out . then nod . sebastian okay . matt it 's not too late to back out . I be happy to take you place . sebastian no. I be ready . Matt lead he into the hallway . int . corridor - day as they walk down the corridor toward the lab ... matt nervous ? sebastian a little . matt ever tell you the one about superman and wonder woman ? sebastian I do not think so . matt so superman 's fly around the city , and he 's horny as hell . lo and behold he look down and see wonder woman , completely nude , sun herself up on the roof of the justice League . I mean she be lie there naked and spread eagle . so superman start think , " man ... this be too easy . I could go down there , do a little fast pump and be go before she even see I . " after all he be faster than a speed bullet , right ? anyway , he swoops down , take care of business so quick , you can not even see he . well ... I tell ya . wonder woman look up , surprised as hell and say " what the hell be that . " and the invisible man reply " I dunno know , but it sure hurt like hell . " int . laboratory sebastian shoot Matt a look . sebastian you know , that could be the last joke I ever hear . matt c'mon , man . that 's funny shit . the buzz of conversation be punctuate by a amplify heartbeat , thumping its familiar rhythm . bah -bump . bah-bump . in the center of the room , sebastian , dress only in a pair of jogging short be strapped to a table inclined at a 45 degree angle . electrode be strapped to he body . a i.v. tube snake from the needle in he vein up to a bag of saline solution . dripping slowly . Linda make last minute check of some of the equipment . she pat sebastian on the shoulder . linda o.k . how're you feel ? sebastian take a deep breath . sebastian Fine . Sarah check he vital . sarah pulse 88 , BP 140 over 95 . a bit elevate . sebastian to be expect . sarah no reason for concern . he 's ready . Linda take a moment and study sebastian 's face . she 's almost teary eye . sebastian hey ... it 's gonna be okay . Linda nod . back to business . linda start recording . int . observation booth . Janice hit record on the equipment deck . janice we be hot . all system nominal , Houston . Frank coordinate all the data be feed into the computer . he push a series of button and speak into a microphone . frank okay , kid . let 's make some history . int . laboratory - day Frank 's voice echoe through the chamber . linda subject : male , Age 29 , weight 166 lb . Matt jab a hypodermic into small vial of color liquid . draw up 20cc . matt ( to Linda ) ready . Linda take the hypo from Matt . matt ( cont would ) if the test be any indication it should work quickly . sebastian I will inject myself . if anything go wrong , they can not blame you . she hand the hypo sebastian and step away . sebastian stare at the golden formula silently for a moment . linda we can still shut down , sebastian . he shake he head . matt any last word ? sebastian yeah . if I be kill , pretend I say something deep and clever . then ... back to business . he insert the needle into the i.v. sebastian . press into himself and depress the plunger . linda injection be administer at ( check watch ) ... 18:23:47 . the color liquid snake it 's way into he bloodstream . linda ( cont would ) keep talk . tell we what you be feel . sebastian nothing so far . sarah vital be stable . they wait and watch . linda nothing 's happen . another moment pass by . matt human DNA structure be slightly more complex ... it 's possible that it may take more time ... another moment pass . linda maybe we overlook something . sebastian recheck the protocol . it can not be non - reactive . carter kinda like a firecracker with a bad fuse ... sebastian shoot Carter a question look . carter ( cont would ) do not know if it will go off . linda Frank ? frank ( v.0 . ) ( from the booth ) no change in bio-electric . sebastian goddammit . another long pause . sebastian concentrate . sebastian ( cont would ) okay wait , my arm ... it 's get a bit warm ... yeah , it 's ... it 's start to tingle ... excitement overtake the room . sebastian ( cont would ) okay ... it 's spread to my back ... like , like a fever ... linda here we go . slowly the flesh on sebastian 's arm begin dissolve , revealing the complex network of nerve , blood vessel and flesh beneath it . sebastian shit ... it 's start to burn ... oh god . it hurt . I do not think it would hurt . the heart beat thump faster , accelerate sarah heartbeat 's elevate . pulse at 100 . ... 130 ... linda what do you feel ? keep talk . keep talking ! sebastian pain ! sarah pulse be 165 ... 170 blood pressure 180 over 100 . ... carter he 's go to blow out he heart . linda prop the crash cart . Carter grab the crash cart , roll it in . Matt tear off the i.v. lead into sebastian 's arm . matt we have get to stop it ! linda we can not ! int . observation booth all the monitor be go crazy . janice something 's happen . Frank lean into the microphone . frank listen up ! electric activity increase in all limb . brainwave be through the roof . janice I do not think the human brain could spike that high . frank maybe it can not . int . laboratory sebastian scream in dire pain . he struggle against he restraint as he skin liquefy into a muscular mass . it 's like something 's eat away at he . gruesome . the yell become louder and more painful to hear . sebastian no . oh god ! no ! stop it ! stop it ! the muscular system begin to dissolve , leave a struggle skeleton wrap with tentacular blood vessel and stuff with the major organ . the beat heart , the heaving lung . sarah pulse be 180 .... hold stable . scream .... then the organ go . then the blood vessel . leave only a skeleton howling in pain . the jawbone spread wide ... scream ... scream ... carter Holy shit . then as if someone have pour acid all over the bone , the skeleton evaporate into nothingness . sarah pulse be drop . 170 .. 150 .... 160 .. there be nothing leave of sebastian caine . linda bio-quantum phase shift occur at 18:26 . the scream continue and the restraint continue to twist and turn . suddenly the restraint go limp . matt be he dead ? Linda check the readout . linda no . he pass out from the trauma . sarah vital return to normal . pulse 110 ... drop . blood pressure 130 over 75 . a long beat as everybody 's eye stare at the instrument . frank ( v.o. ) Electrical activity be stabilize . sarah pulse steady at 70 . a long beat . matt un-fuck -believable . a reverent pause as Linda run she finger over what would be he skin . small electrical charge dance around she fingertip . she gasp . linda ( whisper in he ear ) you do it , sebastian . you be the first . carter let 's get he into recovery . dissolve to : int . recovery chamber the chamber be half construct out of plexiglas at the end of the hallway of habitats . on the recovery bed , a sheet drape over sebastian 's invisible body . the gentle bleating of medical machinery pound out a dulling rhythm . Linda sleep in a corner chair as Matt slip into the room . he check the readout on sebastian then take a seat by Linda . she wake with a start . matt s'okay . you nodd off . linda his breathe 's hypnotic . how long 's it be ? matt seventeen hour . linda where be the other ? matt in the lab crunching number . we have get enough data there for two lifetime of research . Linda rub she temple and gesture to the bed . linda I keep look at that hole , wonder if he 's really there . she notice something out of the corner of he eye . the sheet twitches . linda ( cont would ) do you see ... the sheet twitches again . matt he may be come out of it . Linda and Matt watch intently . then suddenly ... the sheet thrash violently . a yell of pain . sebastian' voice the light ! turn off the goddamn light ! ah Christ ! Linda jump up and cross to sebastian . Matt rush to the wall and turn off the light . darkness . the room be light by the glow of machinery . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) I can not ... I can not close my eye . I can not close my eye . linda you eyelid be transparent . the sheet slowly stop thrashing . sebastian' voice so I ... I be ... linda yes . sebastian' voice my arm . I can .. where ? ... I can feel they ... linda you arm ... you whole body ... it work , sebastian . it work . the sheet rise and slip away . the wire , seemingly connect to thin air , spread out like a spider 's web and then fall away one - by-one . the monitor all go dead . sebastian' voice Mirror . I ... I want to see . matt over here in the corner . Matt motion to a dark corner of the room , toward a mirror and sink . we push in on the mirror . no reflection . suddenly it fog up ... sebastian 's breath . a finger trace appear in the fog ... but of course we see no finger . the sink faucet twist on and water run . it cup into the shape of hand and lift into the air , splash against the surface of sebastian 's face . bead of water cling to he for ace , outline it I shape for or a moment before drip away . matt ( cont would ) what be it like ? sebastian' voice I ... it 's hard to think . sebastian 's voice be now behind he . Matt turn around . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) the transformation ... I remember every molecule in my body shatter . matt it be painful ? sebastian' voice at first ... but then everything go black . I could not see or hear or feel anything . it be all just black ... like I be not connect . linda you system receive quite a shock . sebastian' voice at least my sense be start to return ... you be wear you shalimar , be not you ? Linda realize that he 's stand very close by . her hair lift slightly and sebastian inhale . chill go down she spine . linda sebastian . Linda 's hair drop back to she shoulder . sebastian' voice this be weird . I be look through myself at the floor . I be look right through myself . I can not tell ... he bump into a chair . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) ... where my body be . a moment of silence . linda sebastian ? no answer . Linda and Matt look at each other , slightly alarmed . matt sebastian ? a indentation form on the bed a moment later . sebastian' voice you really can not see I . can you ? linda gimme symptom . dizziness , nausea , headache , body -ache , disorientation . sebastian' voice no , just tired . ( beat ) it 's funny . I can see everything ... more than before ... but I can not see myself . int . laboratory - day Carter , Frank , Janice and Sarah work at various research station . the door open and Linda and Matt enter . carter hey . how 's he do ? linda why do not you ask he ? Linda motion to the gap between she and Matt . the four of they stare at the nothing . sarah sebastian , how do you feel . sebastian' voice not to bad , consider . they turn round . the voice be come from behind they . the group rise from they various workstation and turn toward where the voice come from . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) odd , be not it ? a rheostat switch on the wall turn and the light dim . though it 's a simple act , it feel somewhat ominous . linda he can not close he eye so they be sensitive to light . Linda 's explanation put everyone at ease . janice so , what be it like ? sebastian' voice over here . sebastian have move . as everyone turn toward he again , he can not stifle a slight giggle . linda c'mon sebastian . knock it off . sebastian' voice sorry . could not resist . his voice again come 's from somewhere else in the room . frank I feel like we be play Marco polo . matt well , I see the procedure have not change you personality . Frank pull on a pair of thermal goggle . frank no worry . I be on it . thermal Pov - every body in the laboratory show up as a heat signature , include sebastian . Frank point . frank ( cont would ) gotcha , big man . thermal Pov - the heat signature reach for a chair . sebastian' voice Boy , you people have no sense of humor . a chair slide back from a desk and bend under sebastian 's weight . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) show I . so ... CUT to : int . laboratory - night Frank and Janice shuttle the playback control as a video monitor re-play various angle of sebastian 's phase shift . sebastian' voice stop there . Frank halt the tape . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) index that . that be when it start burn . epidermal reaction . janice index Mark . 112125 . Janice scribble the number in she notebook . Linda cross , nursing a cup of coffee . linda it 's late . time you get some rest . sebastian' voice just a little longer . linda hate to pull rank , but you be my patient now and you need rest . we have get a busy day tomorrow . heavy sigh . sebastian' voice Fine . int . the recovery room - night as Linda enter she point to a small camera in the upper corner of the room . linda we have set up a thermal camera for observation and I have arrange one of we to be here 24 / 7 in case you need anything . the team 's gonna be on alpha - call alert for the duration . if anything go wrong , we can all be here within ... sebastian' voice thirty minute . yes , , _ I know . I write the procedure . linda I be try to be reassure . sebastian' voice you like this do not you ? linda what 's that ? sebastian' voice be in charge . it 's clear she do . but she 's certainly not go to admit it . linda please . I be just do my job . CUT to : close on : a video screen . a thermal lump lay stretch out on the bed . pull back to reveal sarah stare at the screen . we be . int . observation room - night a bank of monitor display the various angle of the Hall of habitats , the laboratory and , of course , sebastian in the recovery room . Linda hand Sarah a cup of coffee . linda you gonna be okay ? sarah Fine . it 's not like I have anything else go on in my sad pathetic life . linda Carter will be in at six to spell you and I will be in by nine . call I if anything happen , okay ? through the glass wall , Linda see Matt knock and wave she out . sarah I be fine . go on ahead . int . corridor - night the rest of the team straggle into the elevator . yawning . exhausted from the day . carter man , I be tired . that be a long day . linda day only get longer from here . Linda catch Matt 's eye . give he a look . " you come over ? " Matt nod , " yes " , imperceptible to everyone but Linda . she smile . dissolve to : int . laboratory - night desert and dark . int . observation room - night late . Sarah rub she temple . her eyelid be heavy . she 's have real trouble stay awake . the buzzing fluorescent light be not help either . int . recovery room - night the sheet ruffle and the indentation disappear from the bed . we can hear breathe and soft sound of bare foot shuffle against linoleum . camera slowly pan toward the door , as if we , be follow someone walk . the door handle turn and the door push open . int . hallway of habitat - night we slowly track down the hallway of the habitats . we hear the sound of sleep creature . a couple of they growl at something unseen . the growl follow the invisible something as it pass by . int . laboratory - night the laboratory door open and shut again . ghostly . we see papers shuffle at one of the work station . a glass move slightly . int . observation room - night Sarah recline in she chair . fast asleep , behind she be the glass wall , revealing the empty hallway behind it . but a small portion of the glass fog , as if someone have just breathe on it . as the fogge part quickly clear , we see the door to the observation room quietly open . on sarah , still sleep . we hear a whisper . sebastian' voice ( whisper ) Sarah . be you awake ? her heavy breathe mix with sebastian 's . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) ( barely audible ) hmm . Sarah 's hair move slightly , as if a hand be run through it . and then we see she shirt move , like finger be trace over it . down from the shoulder to she breast . around she nipple . Sarah moan slightly , as if she be dream , but she do not stir . and then she breast cup slightly , as if they be be touch ... softly ... gently . her breathe become harder , more labor , erotic ... and then she ... bolt awake . bar eye wide with fear . she jump and cup she own breast and look around the room . it 's empty , of course . she jump over to the monitor and check on sebastian 's room . the heat signature be not there . sarah Dr. caine ! goddamnit , Dr. caine ! be you in here ? she listen . it 's silent . she try hold she breath , listen for he breathe . but there 's nothing . Sarah reach over to a microphone . Hit a few switch . sarah ( cont would ) Dr. caine ? various shot of the compound - laboratory sarah ( v.0. , loudspeaker ) Dr. caine , please report in . - hallway of habitat sarah ( v.0. , loudspeaker ) Dr. caine , report in please ! int . observation booth - continuous Sarah wait . no response . sarah shit . she look around the room . he must be in here . sarah ( cont would ) Dr. caine ? sebastian ? come on , this be not funny . I know you be in here . nothing . no response . Sarah wave she hand around , reach out , try to find he . after a few beat she stop and rub she head . sarah ( cont would ) I must be go crazy . suddenly , Sarah get a idea . she quickly exit the observation room . ext . corridor - night at a wall storage box , she remove a pair of thermal goggle and slip they on . int . observation room - night Sarah enter wear the thermal . she scan the room . thermal Pov - the room be empty . she pull the goggle off in frustration , and when she glance over at the video screen , she see sebastian 's thermal image lie on the bed in the recovery room . Sarah sink into she chair , a tad disconcert . int . observation room - morning Linda and Matt finish listen to Sarah 's story . sarah I find he later in the lab , run sample . linda why do not you call I ? sarah because I be not sure . I be still not . I mean , I could have easily be dream . matt it do not sound like something sebastian would do . sarah God , I feel so stupid . linda I can talk to he . sarah no. I mean ... ( she tear , unsure of herself ) it be probably nothing . I should not have mention it . matt you sure ? sarah yeah , I be sure . I mean , y'know , why would he do that , right ? just , this place at night can be kinda creepy , y'know . int . research lab - day sebastian , wear surgical scrub sit in a examination chair . Wire lead sprout from the electrode cover he head and arm . the electrode seem to outline he body . matt so , how be you first night ? sebastian' voice restless . hard to sleep when you can not close you eye . as sebastian talk , we can see the electrode around he jaw pump up and down . matt yeah ? what would you do ? sebastian' voice get up a couple of time . knocked about . matt yeah , Sarah mention you be not in you cubicle . she say she call you over the intercom and you do not respond . sebastian I guess I do not hear . I have the radio on . matt it would be helpful to we if you would tell whoever 's on duty where you be go to . I mean , if something be to happen , we would want to know where to find you . sebastian I do not think it be a problem . matt it be not . I just do not want it to become one . machine pump out eeg , ekg readout . Matt study they . matt ( cont would ) readings be normal . sebastian' voice next I want to run a vv and uvf analysis of the platelet . matt we will have to draw some more blood . CUT to : Sarah roll up sebastian 's sleeve , revealing empty air . she wrap a bungee cord around the nothing , pull it tight and spray the inside of he elbow with dye . she act very self conscious . sebastian' voice you okay ? sarah yeah . why ? sebastian you just seem a little nervous . sarah no. I ... I be fine . hold still . this might hurt a bit . the surface of he skin sheen in the light as Linda search for a vein . she slap he arm several time , then plunge a hypodermic needle into he skin . his skin bend and give . the needle remain in sight after it slip through the visible surface . Sarah press down on the hypo plunger , release a dye into he bloodstream . sarah ( cont would ) Dr. caine ... this might sound stupid , but be you ... be you look at I . the red dye twist into a long snake red tube up and down he arm . his vein . sebastian' voice no . I be look at the clock . why ? Sarah draw the plunger back , suck sebastian 's blood into the hypodermic and then yank the needle out . sarah just feel like someone be stare at I . Sarah pull the vial off the needle and label it with a grease pencil . after a few beat the red dye in sebastian 's blood stream dissolves and disappear , as do the liquid in the vial . testing montage int . mri room matt slide sebastian 's sheet cover frame into a mri . even though he head be not visible , it show up on the mri scanner . int . MAIN laboratory carter and sarah lower a harness into a water tank . sebastian' body displace the water , revealing a empty body shape cavity in the water . int . observation room carter sip a big gulp and stare at a monitor which show two eat signature in the recovery chamber , huddle over a chess game . int . recover chamber on a chessboard ... a black knight take white bishop , seemingly all by itself . across the table , Matt lean back and topple he white king acknowledge defeat . int . spectral lab dim light . Janice and Frank both don eye guard . Frank switch on a low intensity laser on and it 's beam shoot across the room . the beam distort slightly in the center of the room . as Frank widen the spectral pattern , suddenly the beam split into a million different spectral rainbow , momentary illuminate sebastian 's entire frame in a glow tingle of light . int . MAIN laboratory linda pull vial from the cyclotron and prop blood sample slide . she slip they under the microscope . she take a sip of she diet Coke and put it on the table . she pear into the microscope and analysis the blood sample , squeezing more stain onto it . she look up to make notation , but when she reach for she diet Coke it isn't there . she look around . it 's on the other side of she microscope . she shrug it off , she take a sip and set it down where it be before . she peer into the microscope again and when she look up ... the diet Coke be go . she look around the room and see it on another table completely . linda sebastian ? goddamnit . we hear sebastian 's laughter echo in the room . sebastian' voice you have no idea how much fun I have have . I be go to hate go back . linda that 's what worry I .? sebastian' voice how so ? linda what happen when we turn the project over to the Army . ever wonder how much fun they be gonna have ? sebastian' voice maybe we will not give it to they . his voice come from behind she now . we see indentation on she shoulder where he finger press down . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) I be think ... tonight 's my last night . ever fantasize about make love to a invisible man ? Linda pull away from he . linda stop it , sebastian . it 's not funny . sebastian' voice well , do not do it for I . do it for science . Linda walk away . sebastian laugh . linda grow up . sebastian' voice oh well . miss you big chance . linda get some sleep . Big day tomorrow . int . laboratory - day a bevy of activity below we as the scientist prepare . Matt slide the antigen cocktail into the centrifuge and start it spin . a sheet drape over a sebastian 's frame , strap across he limb . he be fully wire . Linda look up to the observation booth . linda record ? Frank peer down at she from the booth , he voice echoing through the chamber . frank record . subject Doctor sebastian caine . currently in phase shift ... Three day , seven hour . linda de- phase protocol . injecting serial protein caine one two Seven . Matt remove the glow vial of orange liquid from a centrifuge nearby . Carter hand Matt a hypo . Matt jab it into the vial , draw up the color liquid . Linda spray sebastian 's arm with dye . linda ( cont would ) ready ? sebastian not really . I be just start to enjoy myself . linda tough . matt okay , man . here we go . Matt insert the hypo into the vein and press down on the plunger . the liquid begin to react . small flash of light blip up and down the strand of color outline the vein . ba-bump .. ba-bump ... the heartbeat start to speed up . sebastian' voice wait ... something ... something do not feel right . sarah heartbeat elevate . int . observation booth Janice and Frank look over the equipment . frank vital still nominal .. int . laboratory the glow liquid turn from gold to red as the complex webbing of a bloodstream appear . spread out from the bloodstream , soon become visible ... the shadow of a skeletal system . sebastian I can not br ... br ... sebastian begin wheeze . linda what 's wrong ? sarah he 's not breathe . muscle be beginning to appear . and eyeball . frightened eyeball . matt subject manifest . sarah pulse erratic . sebastian pull against he bond . one set tear off . linda Carter ! Carter grab onto the mass of flesh and muscle , try to hold it back . but the restraint snap . the half - visible man be scream . he grab Carter and throw he across the room . linda ( cont would ) sebastian ! sebastian ! and just for a second , sebastian be fully visible . and free . he look around like a scared animal and rip off all the wiring . linda ( cont would ) sebastian ! matt get a tranq . stat . Sarah prep a tranquilizer . sebastian lock eye with Linda . he 's lose , he do not know where he be . and suddenly , he crumble to the ground . Linda rush over to he and put bar hand on he shoulder . Light bleed from he skin and he skin begin to dissolve from sight . linda he 's reverting . get he on the table . Matt , Linda and Sarah pull the shifting body up and onto a operate table . Carter pull himself up and head back to the group . linda ( cont would ) get I a i.v. of a.g. seven . sarah I get no pulse . no pulse . matt start cpr . Carter locate sebastian 's heart , not a difficult thing because we can actually see it . Carter 's hand push down in the air inch above the heart . we see the heart be push and squeeze . Sarah slap a air bag on sebastian and start pump air into he lung . sebastian 's heart begin to beat again , beat on its own . carter get a pulse . matt Holy shit . what happen ? linda sebastian ... can you hear I ? can you hear I ? how be he pupil ? matt I can not see he goddamn pupil ! sarah I think he 's go into shock . we slowly fade out to the sight and sound of we scientist - doctor work on sebastian ... and the beep of sebastian 's erratic heartbeat . fade up on : a habitat the heartbeat continue . in the shadow , two rhesus monkey defend themselves against a unseen attacker . blood splatter against the plexiglas wall . we fade out again ... int . corridor - night Linda stare through the plexiglas wall into the recovery chamber . Inside the chamber , Sarah and Carter - eye the various screen monitoring sebastian 's vital . Linda watch the hollow pocket underneath the blanket . she watch the rhythm of its rise and fall as sebastian sleep . Matt come up behind she . matt just get the tissue sample result . cellular cohesion be stable . Linda exhales in relief . Matt put he hand on she shoulder . pull she close to he . matt ( cont would ) how bout you ? you gonna be okay ? linda guess so. ( beat ) I be just think about the Apollo mission . y'know ? Grissom , White and chaffee ... what it be like for they on that launch pad that day , think they be gonna reach the star only to burn to death . matt sometimes the test pilot make history . sometimes the plane crash and people die . linda but he do not die , do he ? ( beat ) what if we can not bring he back ? what then ? matt it 's just a little hitch be all . he will be the first to tell that he will crack it and I be sure he will . it will just take time . ( beat ) listen , let 's get out of here . we could drive up to the old observatory . we will take some wine and go count the star and forget all this for awhile . she pull away . linda no . I want to be here for he . Linda push through the door of the recovery chamber and take a seat by sebastian 's bedside . a little hurt , Matt head down the corridor . int . conference room Frank and Janice be stare into they coffee when Matt enter . Matt cross to the coffee machine and pour himself a cup . he take a seat at the table . they all drink they coffee in silent vigil . int . recovery chamber - day Linda sit by sebastian 's bedside , listen to the constant rhythm of the machine . the sheet shift . sebastian' voice ( weak ) hey ... linda hey ... sebastian so I guess it do not work . Linda shake she head . sebastian' voice you look worried . it must have be bad . sebastian 's voice be weak and strain . linda you almost die . sebastian' voice well , remember you nietchze . whatever do not kill I , make I stronger . Linda smile . linda I should be make you feel better . not vice versa . sebastian' voice I guess if I be go to be stick this way for awhile , I would better make some adjustment . int . recovery chamber - day in a dusty shaft of light ... a cotton swab . be dip by a glove hand into a jar of flesh - color cream make - up . we follow the hand as it raise the cotton swab into the darkness . the swab stroke over the black and the rich fleshy cream spread , revealing ... eye lide of a close eye . the eyelid part , unveil ... pitch black . blink . blink . no eye . not even a trace of a eye socket . just darkness . a colored contact lens float through mid-air ... hover before the eyelid . it turn and fasten itself to the darkness between the lid . we pull back slowly as sebastian lift a latex face mask and pull it over he head . he check he reflection in the mirror . he look almost human . almost . a face , eye , hand ... the rest of he cover by surgical scrub . we pull back and see the rest of the team look on . matt not too bad . sebastian the latex will limit the amount of light deliver to my optic nerve . linda you could almost pass for human . sebastian rise . he look eerily remove from reality with he cold blank expression . sebastian' voice well , it give you a face to talk to at least , and we can all work in normal light again . int . laboratory - day series of shot Carter draw blood from sebastian . sample be place into the cyclotron . Matt peer through the eyepiece of a microscope . he make note . Frank and Janice finish a computer simulation on a protein strand . Matt look over . they shake they head , no . sebastian slide into the mri . Linda examine a petri dish . she throw she pencil down in frustration . sebastian be hit by the spectral radiation beam . Matt pull a vial of orange liquid from the cyclotron . int . corridor - day sebastian , still in he latex and scrub , but look like he 's be drag through the nine level of purgatory , be escort back to the recovery chamber by Linda and Matt . he cross to he bed and collapse on it . close he eye . sebastian the testing 's make I sick . linda could be the barium or the radiation . matt you be physiology have change and , well , all bet be off . sebastian I can not believe I have to spend another night here . ( to Linda ) suppose you be gonna go home now , meet up with that boyfriend of yours now . Linda and Matt exchange a glance . Linda quickly cover . linda do you want I to stay ? sebastian no . that 's okay . it 's just , be a guinea pig be more work than I think . I will be fine . int . research compound - night various shot of the empty hallway and desert lab . int . observation room - night Carter kick back in he chair listen to he walkman stereo and play gameboy . int . recovery chamber - day sebastian , in scrub and make - up , pace back and forth . he slam the wall in frustration . he cross to a mirror and examine himself . he do not look half bad . he poke he cheek . there 's something about he that 's a little off , but only if you look close . int . observation room - night a shadow fall across Carter 's face . he look up . it 's sebastian wear street clothes - jeans and a hood sweatshirt over he latex mask . Carter pull of he earphone . carter ( surprised ) Dr. caine . what 's up ? sebastian just stop by to let you know , I be go out for a bit . sebastian turn back into the hallway . carter go out ? hey wait a sec ! Carter scramble to he foot . int . corridor - night Carter catch up with sebastian . carter what do you mean go out for a bit ? sebastian if I do not get out of here , I be gonna go crazy . carter but you be not suppose to leave the compound . sebastian why not ? carter that 's the rule . sebastian yes , but I make that rule . it 's my rule and I be change it . carter you can not just change it . sebastian hit the elevator button . the door open . sebastian Carter , I be suppose to be like this for three day . Three fuck day and I will be damned if I be go to spend the rest of my life as a prisoner in this godforsake dump . now I be go out . I will be back in a couple of hour . okay ? the elevator door close with sebastian inside . shit . carter shit . Carter run down the corridor . int observation room - night Carter pick up the phone and dial . a beat then . carter yeah , it 's Carter . we get a problem . int . warehouse - night the elevator door open and sebastian push past the Marine Guard . marine guard hey , Doc . have not see you for awhile ? sebastian keep he face turn away as he cross to he porsche . sebastian yeah , well . you know how it in sometimes . marine guard you get that right , sir . I be beginning to worry ' cause you car have not move . sebastian thanks , but everything 's cool . sebastian start he car . it chug a few time before turn over and speed out of the warehouse . int . apartment - night the door open and sebastian switch on the light . he look around he apartment and sigh . it 's good to be home . int . bedroom - night sebastian enter the bedroom , click on the light . he look at the ceiling , " you should be work " , and smile . int . linda' apartment build , parking garage - night Linda and Matt each rush to they respective car . matt he could be anywhere . Hell he could be right behind we . linda I will meet you at the lab . I be gonna swing by he place , just in case . matt see you there . Matt try to give she a quick pack . Linda back away . linda ( quietly , look around ) I do not want he to see . matt ( look around too ) what a mess . they get in they car . int . sebastian' bedroom - night sebastian pack up a few personal belonging in a overnight duffle . he cross to he bookcase and pull out some book and throw they into the bag . but as he do , he notice a light come on in the window across the courtyard . sebastian turn off he bedroom light and move toward the window . he peer across the courtyard into the brunette 's apartment . he watch the brunette as she come into the live room from she front hallway . she drop she key on the table and begin unbuttone she blouse as she cross to the window . just as the blouse slip off she shoulder , she pull she blind shut . sebastian shit . frustrate , sebastian step away from the window and then stop . something have occur to he . sebastian ( cont would ) do not even think it ... he look down and notice he hand be tremble . his breathe be a little heavy . a little nervous . he catch a glimpse at himself in the mirror . sebastian ( cont would ) ( almost whisper ) once ... just once . the brunette 's live room light switch off and the bathroom light switch on . we see he fight a internal battle and we see he lose it . he grab a hold of he hand and peel the latex skin off . ext . apartment build - night Linda drive sebastian 's apartment . she spot he black porsche in the parking lot . she pull over to the curb , jump out of she car and head into the building . int . brunette's apartment , bathroom - night wearing just a robe , the brunette turn on she shower . the doorbell ring . with a frustrated sigh , the brunette rise . at the front door she peer through the peep hole . no one 's there . but as she turn she hear the doorbell again . she open the door , step out into the hallway and look around . empty . puzzle she head back inside she apartment . we follow she as she cross to she bedroom , but a moment later , the bedroom door close on its own . we hear a scream come from the other side . then another . then a muffle struggle . and we ... CUT to : int . hallway , sebastian build - night Linda exit the elevator and head down to sebastian 's door . she knock . wait . no answer . she knock again . wait . and then she try the door . it 's unlock . she push the door open . linda sebastian ? int . sebastian' apartment - night Linda push through the live room , into the bedroom . linda sebastian ? she notice that the bathroom light be on . bathroom on the floor she find sebastian 's clothing and on the vanity she see he latex face and hand . linda oh shit . she scramble for the bedroom phone and quickly dial . linda ( cont would ) yeah , Matt , it 's I . he be here . no . he 's take he make - up off . I do not know ... he must be outside somewhere . I do not know where he go . I be come back to the lab . how ? how be I suppose to do that ? I can't fucking see he ! we be go on alpha call . I want everyone at the lab now . we be gonna need thermal visor and we may need tranqs . as she hang up the phone , and head out . the camera do not follow , but instead push through the blind and out the window . as we cross the courtyard , we begin to hear muffle cry of terror . we hold on the brunette 's window as we ... CUT to : int . brunette's apartment - night the bedroom door open and we see the brunette , nude and curl up on the bed , sobbing . we follow the sound of heavy breathe to the front door of she apartment . the door open and we push out into the hallway . we can see indentation of foot appear on the hallway carpet . int . corridor by sebastian' apartment the elevator door open and Linda step inside . the door close shut behind she . a beat later we see the indentation of footstep come around the corner . we follow the breathe and stumbling footfalls back into ... int . sebastian' apartment - night we push over to the bathroom sink . the faucet turn on and the water start run . we see the water cup under the faucet and splash against sebastian 's face . his face appear briefly in the water . then the water slip away . for second it sound like he 's cry , but then we hear something far worse . he 's laugh . nervous laughter . int . conference room - night Matt hand out thermal goggle , while Frank load and pass out tranquilizer gun . janice what be the tranqs for ? linda use you imagination . janice be you say he 's dangerous ? matt we be just say we need to be cautious . linda the Metro stop run after midnight and he 's on foot , so he can not have get too far . carter look , this be not a monkey we be talk about . it 's Dr. caine . do not you think you be over reacting ? linda this program be classified . if he 's out there it mean someone might find out about he . he could destroy the whole program . sebastian' voice relax , Linda . no one 's gonna find out . they all turn around . at the door be sebastian , back in he latex outfit . matt where the hell have you be ? sebastian I get a little stir crazy , so I go to my apartment to pick up some stuff . linda bullshit ! I go to you apartment and I happen to know you do a helluva lot more than pick some stuff up . sebastian what be you talk about ? linda you , of all people how could you ? caught dead to rights , sebastian sink into he chair . he think she know . linda ( cont would ) you put yourself and this project at risk . sebastian just what do you see in my apartment ? linda I see you face and you clothes . matt it be bad enough you leave without a escort , but to take off the ... ( he motion to he face ) out in public ? sebastian realize that they do not know . sebastian do not make a mountain out of molehill . I do not let anyone see I . linda that 's not good enough . when you be outside the lab there be a thousand variable none of we can control . it 's just not safe for you to be out there . sebastian come on , Linda . you do not expect I to be some kind of prisoner . linda you volunteer for this , sebastian . you know go in there could be consequence . ( beat ) for the security of this project , I be gonna have to ask you to confine yourself to the compound . sebastian I be still Project leader , Linda . it 's my decision to make . linda you be right . it 's you decision . but if you leave the compound again , I will notify the oversight committee . then they can make the decision . you understand ? sebastian Matt ? matt sorry , man . you would do the same if it be the other way around . a long beat . sebastian slowly rise , acknowledge Linda with a nod and leave the room . Linda look around at she silent co-worker , the goggle and tranqs still on the table . linda pack them up ... everyone go home . dissolve to : int . laboratory - day the Lab be buzzing with the usual activity . Linda roll up sebastian 's sleeve , revealing nothing . linda hold still . she wrap a bungee cord around the nothing and pull it tight . she then spray the inside of he elbow with dye . sebastian ( contentious ) how much blood do you think you have take so far ? the surface of he skin sheen in the light as Linda search for a vein . she slap he arm several time , then plunge a hypodermic needle into he skin . linda not enough to worry about . sebastian every day ... feel like you be suck I dry . Linda press down on the hypodermic plunger , release a dye into he bloodstream . sebastian ( cont would ) it 's funny . all this year I have know you , I never peg you for a megalomanic . linda what be you talk about ? sebastian the shoe be on the other foot . you get to run thing . linda I do not ask for this , caine . but when a classified experiment disappear in the middle of the night , someone 's gotta run the show . ( try sympathy ) look , I know how hard this have be for you . he knock she arm away and pull the hypo , out of he arm . sebastian do not patronize I . ( beat ) and for the record , you have get no idea what it 's like . I get up every morning and you people stick needle in I . you bombard I with radiation until I vomit . and then at six it 's over for you . you get to go home . but sebastian be still here . sebastian can not leave , or else . that 's the worst part , you know . here I have this ... this gift and I can not even use it . linda now it 's a gift ? sebastian you be goddamn right it 's a gift . and if you be not so goddamn short sighted , I would be out there right now try to master it . sebastian look around at the other scientist stare at he . he toss the hypo with the needle onto the instrument tray and head toward the door . linda where be you go ? sebastian look like I be go nowhere . matt come on , man . we have get a ton of test schedule today . sebastian do they yourself . int . recovery chamber - night Linda enter to find sebastian read the collect work of t.s. elliot . linda want to talk about it ? sebastian no . Linda look over he shoulder . linda " we be the hollow man , the stuff man , headpiece fill with straw . " sebastian funny , huh ? I have become a literal metaphor . he put the book down . linda I do not want to fight you . I just want what 's best for the program . sebastian I know . and you be right do not make it any easier for I . linda you can be scared . that 's okay . sebastian I be not scared of be stick this way . with a little more make - up and practice , I could ... ( he motion to he face ) ... pass . y'know , get by in the world . but the testing ... linda you be talk like you have give up . it 's only be a few month . sebastian what if it 's year ? I do not know how much more testing I can take . int . recovery chamber - later sebastian pace back and forth , glance at the camera . int . laboratory - day Linda , Matt and sebastian , in latex and scrub , stare at a electron microscope 's video display . on the screen in a sparse colony of blood call but every second more and more cell appear , fill the gap . matt 60 % reversion . 70 % ... 75 % ... 80 % ... 85 ... the other in the lab listen . they start to get excited . Janice and Carter leave they research and come over to watch the screen . sebastian we have get it . we have get it . matt 93 % ... 95 %... 95 % they wait . Linda point to a blank patch on the screen . linda that 's all we need . sebastian come on , baby . come on . but the blood cell nearest the blank patch twinkle out existence , and then that around they also blink away until after a beat , the screen be empty . matt full quantum cascade at 95 % . ( beat ) I be sorry . sebastian you be sorry ? you be fuck sorry ? sebastian pick up a glass beaker and hurl it against the wall . it shatter . sebastian ( cont would ) six week of this shit and you be sorry ! he grab more equipment and begin toss it in a rage . Carter and Janice grab he and restrain he . after struggle against they a beat or two , sebastian calm down and push away from they and head out the door . janice I do not blame he . linda I will go talk to he . matt leave he alone . he just need to blow off some steam . int . recovery chamber - night CUT to : sebastian lie in he bed , stare at the security camera . the camera stare back at he . as if from a dream , we hear the brunette 's muffle scream and cry for help . as we push in on sebastian 's cold eye , we can barely make out she face thrashing back in forth in panic and confusion . sebastian suddenly rise . he cross to the video camera and examine a small panel on the underneath of the camera . he reach into a box of twinky and pull out one of the sponge cake and begin munch . he hit the intercom button on the phone . frank ( v.0 . ) yeah ? sebastian I be go to the lab . frank ( v.0 . ) do not you sleep ? sebastian waste of time . Da vinci never sleep . int . observation room - night Frank eye sebastian in the monitor . frank okay . I be here if you need I . he watch as sebastian 's heat signature move toward the door . int . laboratory - night in the dark desert lab , sebastian pull together a circuit board , a computer chip and some wiring . he seem be assemble something . int . recovery chamber - night sebastian cross underneath the camera ... just out of its range ... reach up and use a screwdriver , unscrew the access panel . he scan the electronics and attaches two alligator clip to wire on the circuit board . trail a long length of wire , sebastian cross back to he bed and lie down . he hold a black project box with a button on it . he lie perfectly still and press the button . int . observation room - night the video image of the recovery chamber flicker slightly , before return to normal . int . recovery chamber - night sebastian rise and begin to peel off he latex . int . hallway of habitat - night sebastian 's Pov - various animal stir restlessly . a dog , visible , leap against the plexiglas , bark wildly . we push further down the corridor . int . observation room - night again , sebastian 's Pov as he push through the open door of the observation room . we see Frank sorting through various computer readout , highlight certain coding sequence . we push in until we be look over Frank 's shoulder at the video monitor . accord to the video , sebastian be sleep soundly in he room . int . recovery chamber - night the rewire security camera stare down at the empty bed . int . observation room - night Frank glance over at the video monitor . he can see sebastian 's heat signature lie in the bed . Frank feel something on he neck . he flick whatever it be away with he hand and go back to work . int . warehouse - night the elevator door open . the Guard turn around . the elevator be empty . int . metro station , WASHINGTON D.C. - night a Metro Subway train draw to a halt . with a cautionary " bing bong " its door slide open . a handful of people exit and enter . one man bump shoulder . he turn round to apologize , but there 's no one there . the door close and the train pull out of the station . ext . downtown D.C. - night a couple of pretty girl exit a bar and stumble to they apartment . int . apartment - night one of the girl enter she apartment . the door half close behind she and then reopen and close again . int . observation room - morning Frank 's read a book when Linda and Matt enter . matt how would it go ? frank quiet . he work in the lab till about 10:30 and then go to sleep . int . recovery chamber - day Close on the security camera . the wire have be remove and the access panel replace . sebastian whistle a cheerful tune as he finish apply he makeup . the door open and Linda and Matt enter . sebastian ah , my two favorite people . good morning . linda good morning . matt why so cheery this morning ? sebastian you know some day you just wake up feel the world be full of potential . like you eye have be open . matt I be happy if I make it to my coffee machine . Linda hand sebastian a disk . linda I restructure the third genome on you radiate protein strand . think you might want to take look . sebastian cook up a batch and let 's see where we go . linda I think you would want to take a look at it . sebastian I trust you . now if you will excuse I , I need to have my head examine . int . storage freezer - day Linda pull bag of freeze plasma from the shelf in the walk - in storage freezer . linda I be tell you , I know he . something 's go on . matt think he know about we . linda if he know about we , he would be angry and that be not angry . int . corridor - day Janice head up one of the corridor when something on the floor catch she eye . she bend down and take a look at it . barely visible on the floor be a fragment of a barefoot footprint . she run she finger along the dry mud . it turn to dust . int . laboratory - day sebastian hold he latex head on he lap , while eeg lead hang suspend in mid-air , outline he real head . Carter analyze the result . sebastian' voice when you be a kid , you ever dream about be invisible ? carter sure ... all the time . sebastian' voice what do you imagine you would do ? carter the usual . sebastian' voice what 's the usual ? carter hanging out in the girl 's locker room . kick Jimmy margiani 's ass . sebastian' voice Jimmy margiani ? carter School asshole . drive a red tran be . back then , I be the size of a small planet and make a rather large target . sebastian' voice ever think up anything along the grand scale ? carter sure . World domination . manipulate stock market , consolidate a political power base . but that be more recent fantasy . Carter pull off the electrode and sebastian slide on he latex facemask . sebastian and what if it be not fantasy ? what if you be out there in the world and could do whatever you want with no consequence whatsoever . how far would go ? I mean ... if it be real ? carter I do not know , man . out in the real world ... I mean , there 's a responsibility ... sebastian let 's say you see a woman with amazing tit . would you brush against they ? carter Hell , I try and do that now . sebastian human nature . so if you could get away with more , would you do more ? carter I read that in a survey at a major university they ask college student " would you steal if you be guarantee to get away with it ? " 82 % say yes . sebastian eighty two percent ? make you wonder if the world 's ready for what we be do . carter so , Doc what do you do ? sebastian what do you mean ? carter when you be out . sebastian I just walk around . y'know . carter aw , you just walk around ? come on . there 's more , right ? sebastian like what ? carter man , I would be walk up to people say shit like " this be God , go , get a haircut . " or hang out in the change room at Victoria 's secret . sebastian kind of sophomoric , do not you think . besides , it be late and I be not out that long . carter well , do you see anybody ? sebastian there be this one girl . carter yeah ? and do you mess with she ? sebastian naw ... sebastian give Carter a sly grin . sebastian ( cont would ) well maybe a little . ( beat ) I tell you though , a man could get use to it . int . laboratory - night alone , Linda pack up she stuff for the evening . slowly we push in on she and hear quiet breathe . we realize we be in ... sebastian' Pov then ... sebastian' voice goodnight . linda-jumps . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) sorry , do not mean to frighten you . linda it 's fine . I just do not know you be there . goodnight . as she leave the Lab , he follow she down the hallway . ext . linda' apartment build - night Linda pass through the revolve door of she apartment building . a few beat later , as if catch by a gust of wind , the revolve door slowly turn on its own . int . apartment hallway - night Linda slip into she apartment and the door close behind she . a moment later we see the doorknob turn back and forth . it 's lock . ext . alley - night on a fire escape , we see the ladder shake and descend to the ground . the metal rattles back and forth as if something be climb it . we slowly crane up the fire escape and hold on a window . through the wispy curtain and dirty glass we can see Linda enter the room . the panel of glass fog from sebastian 's breath . the fog wipe away , seemingly by itself . but then through the window we see Matt walk into the live room and put he arm around Linda 's waist . we hear a shocked intake of air . he kiss she neck and then slowly unzip she dress . her dress fall to the floor . Matt take off he sport coat and drape it over a chair , while Linda unfasten the button of he shirt . they be laugh now , exchange kiss . Matt reach behind Linda and unhook she bra . he kiss he way down she neck to she breast . Linda pull he to she . suddenly the window shatter . startle , both Matt and Linda jump back cover themselves . we hear sebastian 's footstep as he retreat down the fire escape . a moment later Matt reach the window and peer out . he see the fire escape ladder slowly rise back up down below . linda what be it ? matt I do not know . I do not see anything . Matt pick up a piece of glass and examine it . matt ( cont would ) it 's like something hit it . Linda pick up the phone and dial . int . observation room - night Carter pick up the phone . carter hello ? Carter look at the security monitor of the recovery room . sebastian 's heat signature lie still on the bed . carter ( cont would ) no. no . he 's here no , I be stare at he . he 's right there in he room . int . linda' apartment - night Linda breathes a sigh of relief . linda thanks . no , just check . ' Kay , bye. ( hang up phone ) phew . Matt pull she into he . matt relax ... it 's nothing . where be we ? int . recovery chamber - night barking can be hear in the background . that horrible repetitive bark that grate the soul like chinese water torture . sebastian' voice be quiet ! a photograph of Linda drift through the air and settles atop a flame candle . it ignites into fire , twist and turn in mid-air , then fall on the floor as ash . a beat later water run from the sink faucet . it form in the shape of hand and splashes against he face , drip away . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) and the cyclops scream out , " who be it who blind I ? " and odysseus reply " nobody be my name " . and the cyclops rage to he friend " nobody be kill I . nobody " . the bark continue . a moment later the chamber door slide open . we push down the ... hallway of the habitat ... until we be face - to- face with the unhappy bark dog . sebastian' voice shhhh . it 's nobody - it 's nothing . the plexiglas door to the doggie 's cage swing open and some invisible force grab little doggie around the neck . the force squeeze its little fur ball throat until the bark stop . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) nobody 's gonna hurt you . the force keep squeezing until the little doggie go limp . then the dog smashes against the plexiglas over and over until blood spill out its mouth . the plexiglas door swing close again and moment later the door to sebastian 's cubicle close as well . the water run in sebastian 's sink wash the blood away from he now half visible hand . dissolve to : int . habitat' corridor - next morning Sarah see the dead dog lie prone on its bedding . she eye it curiously and open the cage door . int . recovery chamber - later Sarah stare at the empty chamber . sarah you awake ? sebastian' voice I be now . the sheet raise and drape off of he . sarah notice anything unusual last night . sebastian' voice no . why ? sarah Franklin Three . he 's dead . sebastian pull a sheet around he . he move across the dimly light room like a ghost . sebastian what of ? sarah his neck be break and he windpipe collapse . sebastian' voice how would that happen ? sarah I think maybe you could tell I . sebastian' voice Sarah ... you say I have something to do with it ? sarah he be alive last night when I leave and he be dead this morning . and you be the only one down here . sebastian' voice I be in my room all night . int . observation room - day Sarah sit with Carter as they run through the security video tape . Matt and Linda look over they shoulder . carter that 's all twelve hour . linda he never leave the room . sarah a windpipe do not just suddenly collapse . someone or something kill it . matt you see the tape . the man be in he chamber . sarah then we have a problem , because I the cage be lock from the outside . that mean it be open , the dog be kill and the cage be close and lock again . only a human could do that . carter well , it be not I . matt and it be not he . linda be we sure ? int . recovery chamber - night Linda pass sebastian 's chamber . sebastian 's in latex . sebastian any big plan for tonight ? linda quiet night at home . maybe a book . sebastian really ? whatever happen to that guy you be see ? linda he 's still in the picture . why ? sebastian be lock down here , I be force to live vicariously . someday you will have to tell I what he 's like . linda maybe someday I will . see you in the morning . sebastian au domain . sebastian watch Linda walk away . he glance at the camera and start to peel off he face . int . warehouse - night the elevator door open . it 's empty . sebastian be Pov - as we push past the guard and down onto the street . ext . STREET - night empty street . we hear whistling . splashes of water splat out from shallow puddle , , as sebastian walk through they . sebastian be Pov - a car approach . as it drive by we see Matt and Linda inside , head back to the warehouse . the footstep stop . sebastian' voice hmmm . we see the footstep start to head back toward the warehouse . int . warehouse - night Linda and Matt exit they car and cross toward the elevator . linda ( to Marine Guard ) forget something . int . STREET in front of warehouse - night as we watch the footstep head back through the puddle toward the warehouse , we see Frank pass we in he car . sebastian' voice what the hell ? he break into a run . foot splash water and he race back toward the warehouse . int . elevator - night empty . the elevator door open and we push out into the hallway . sebastian 's Pov int . hallway of habitat - night we follow sebastian down the hallway to he cubicle . but as he round the corner , he quickly duck back . the entire research team be in he cubicle . sebastian slowly approach and watch as Frank take down he video board . frank pretty clever really . all it do be recycle the signal . he flip this switch , it take a snapshot and that 's all we see . linda asshole . janice and you think he 's violent ? sarah he kill a dog with he bare hand . frank dog be not people . be we in any danger ? Linda do not know . linda either way , we be not equip to handle this . we have to inform the committee . everybody murmur in agreement . janice what if he do not come back ? linda they will go after he . ( beat ) who have tonight 's shift ? janice I do . linda pretend nothing 's wrong . everyone just do what you be do so he do not become suspicious . okay ? Matt and I will go tell Doctor Kramer and we will lot the committee deal with it . sebastian 's Pov - he back away and race down the hall . ext . dr . kramer' house - potomac md - night the stately stone house sit on a finely manicure lawn in one of the nicest neighborhood in town . Linda 's car be park on the curb in front . we break from a typical establish shot and as the camera track closer to the house , we realize that we be sebastian' Pov we hear breathe and footstep as we push through some bush and head toward a bay window which look into the Kramer live room . through the glass we see linda and matt seat across from dr . kramer . we can not hear what they be say but it certainly look serious . Kramer puff on a pipe and stroke he beard , shaking he head . Kramer rise and shake hand with Linda and Matt , and the three of they head toward the front door . we move away from the window and track toward the front door . as the door open we begin to hear the tail end of the conversation . kramer I will call General caster right now and convene the oversight committee tomorrow . linda thank you , sir . matt what do we do in the meantime ? kramer just sit tight and wait for my call . Matt and Linda head down to she car . Kramer head back inside . int . kramer' house - night Kramer head back into the live room . his wife appear a the upstairs railing . mrs . kramer what be that about ? kramer just a little trouble at work . mrs . kramer you come up ? kramer in a minute . I have to make a few call . Mrs. Kramer retreat back to she bedroom as Dr. Kramer cross over to the telephone . he pick up the receiver and start dial . in the middle of dial , the phone go dead . he click the hookswitch up and down try to get a dial tone . nothing . he check the connection on the phone and then follow the wiring to the wall . the line 's plugge in . weird . he hear a door creak open in the kitchen . kramer ( cont would ) hello ? hello ? Kramer cross to the darken kitchen . the kitchen door lead to the backyard be open . puzzle , he cross to it . a wind stir across the pool and backyard , swirl dead leave in small twist of wind . the windchime ring lightly . Kramer step out . ext . pool / patio , backyard - night in the dim spillover light from house , Kramer cross to the telephone - box against the back of the house . it be open and several of the wire have be pull . he look around , spook and puff out a cloud of smoke from he pipe . for the briefest of instant , sebastian 's face be visible in the smoke . Kramer jump back in surprise and the pipe drop from he mouth . he give a small sharp cry , but deep indentation appear across he mouth and he cry be stifle . in the darkness , we can make out he form writhe as if possess . the struggle continue a beat until Kramer manage to break free . kramer help ! help ! martha ! help ! as Kramer run , he look behind he . but no one 's there . wham ! something slam into Kramer and he tumble , roll into the pool . but as he hit water there 's not just one splash , but two . in the water next to he be human shape AIR - pocket . it 's sebastian displace the water . and because of the water displacement , we can clearly see two arm push Kramer beneath the water 's surface . martha kramer open the bedroom window and look down at the pool . all she can see be she husband drown ... he flail limb kick up a massive air bubble around he . she race from the window . Kramer kick and flail for a few moment and then he limb stop move . a moment later he float to surface , face down . the AIR pocket bob over to the pool ladder , and rise from the pool , we see sebastian 's body outline in sheet of water . the shape melt away in a cascade waterfall until all we can see of sebastian be the hundred of tiny droplet still cling to he body , catch in the light like twinkle bulb on a Christmas tree . the shape disappear into the darkness . a moment later martha emerge from the house and see she husband float face down in the pool . she scream . int . recovery chamber - day Linda pass by sebastian 's chamber . sebastian' voice what ? no good morning for I ? do not you like I anymore ? linda oh , sorry . I ... I be in a hurry . sebastian' voice that 's okay . it 's go to be busy day . int . linda' office - day Matt sit across from she , twirling a pen in he hand . they both stare at the phone . linda when do he say hold call ? matt he 's probably meeting with the committee try to figure out what to do . linda I be gonna call he . Linda pick up the phone and dial . linda ( cont would ) yes , Dr. Kramer please . Excuse I ? ( inhale sharply - surprised ) when ? I be so sorry . Linda blanch as she hang up the phone . matt what ? linda he 's dead . drown in he pool last night . Linda pick up the phone again and dial . linda ( cont would ) yes , General Thompson please . thank you . as she wait the phone line click dead . linda ( cont would ) hello ? hello ? she click on the hookswitch . matt let I see that . he try it too . same result . matt ( cont would ) intercom 's work , but there do not seem to be a outside line . int . corridor / elevator they waste no time get to the elevator . Linda and Matt step in . linda I will be right back with help . Linda tap in he floor code . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization please . linda Foster one Delta eight Three five . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization invalid . request deny . linda that 's a first . Linda tap the keypad again . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization please . linda Foster one Delta eight Three five . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization invalid . request deny . matt let I try mine . Matt hit button on the keypad . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization please . matt kensington two Romeo one five nine . elevator ( v.0 . ) authorization invalid . request deny . linda tell I this be not happen . int . laboratory - day Frank , Sarah , Carter and Janice man various work station in the lab . Linda and Matt enter . linda we have get a problem . int . computer room - night Frank 's finger fly over the keyboard . matt how long before anybody start look for we ? linda there 's no set check in procedure . it could be week . a graphic of the elevator system pop up on the screen . Frank highlight the security terminal . Frank hit a few more key . the screen reduce to a series of number . linda ( cont would ) you think you can get in ? Frank rewrite a few of the number . frank already in . it be only a second level encryption . the Security system specification pop up . janice some security system . frank oh the system be fine . it 's just I be just extraordinary . Frank type a few more key , and he eye widen . frank ( cont would ) but apparently someone be more extraordinary than I . matt what be it ? frank there 's nothing wrong with the system . we code have be remove . matt remove ? by who ? frank here 's a clue . only one code remain . linda whose ? frank Dr. sebastian caine . int . recovery chamber the team approach sebastian 's chamber . Carter pull on the pair of thermal goggle dangle from he neck up . thermal Pov - the chamber be empty . carter he 's not in there . Linda enter the chamber . she note that sebastian 's face and makeup be on the sink vanity . Linda cross to the phone and hit the " page button " linda okay , sebastian . fun 's over . tell we where you be . she wait . then ... sebastian' voice I be sorry . but I can not lot you turn I in . linda sebastian ... where be you ? sebastian' voice ( intercom ) you have no idea what it 's like . the power of it . the freedom . I can not let that go . linda c'mon sebastian . you be scare I . tell I where you be and we can talk about it . sebastian' voice ( intercom ) there 's nothing to talk about . see ... I have do thing that can not be undone . a long beep as the intercom click off . linda sebastian ! sebastian ! ( beat ) I want search party . thermal goggle and tranquilizers . int . corridor Linda and Matt , wear thermal goggle and clutching tranquilizer pistol , walk down the hallway , scan back and forth . int . sebastian' office Janice enter the office . janice Dr. caine ? be you in here ? Dr. caine ? suddenly , Janice jerk back . sebastian' voice I be here . int . habitat' corridor Sarah scan all the habitat with a thermal scanner . listen intently . int . sebastian' office Janice struggle with she unseen assailant , slamm into wall and knock into filing cabinet . int . laboratory Frank and Carter search the lab with they thermal scope . frank Doctor caine ? int . sebastian' office Linda and Matt knock . linda sebastian ? no response . they push through the door . the room seem desert . Signs of a struggle . file cabinet open , drawer toss . matt this be bad . thermal Pov - Linda survey the room , spot a slight heat signature peek from the corner . linda there 's something over there . Linda move toward it . whatever it be its hide from Matt 's Pov by the supply cabinet . as Linda get close she pull of for she thermal goggle to see ... janice - her face blue , eye bulg . a i.v. cord wrap around he neck . Linda jump back . linda ( cont would ) Jesus . oh my god . Matt rush over . see the lifeless corpse . matt what happen ? Linda lower the body to the floor . linda she be strangle . multiple blow to she head . Linda begin a medical check of the rest of the body . Matt stoops down and examine Janice 's face . linda ( cont would ) we get a big problem here . a lamp tumble from the desk and smashes to the floor . both Linda and Matt jump . Linda frantically don the thermal visor and scope the room again . nothing . Matt notice the lamp cord beneath Linda 's leg . point it out to she . she sigh with relief ... she pull the lamp off the table . linda ( cont would ) get everybody to the conference room . now ! Matt pick up the phone . click the hookswitch . click the hookswitch again . matt intercom ... the phone line . they be dead . linda gimme that . she check the phone , punch some number . nothing . linda ( cont would ) it be just work . matt what the fuck be go on here ? int . corridor Matt and Linda head toward the lab . Linda suddenly stop . matt what ? linda shhh . Linda take a few cautious step . sense something . linda ( cont would ) give I the visor . Matt , suddenly concerned , hand she the visor . thermal Pov - Linda check out the corridor . empty . Linda take Matt 's hand . linda ( cont would ) c'mon . they move quickly up the corridor . see Frank , Sarah and Carter . frank do you find he ? linda Janice be dead . int . conference room Linda scan the room with she thermal scope . linda it 's clear . Matt , Frank , Janice and Sarah step in , lock the door behind they . sarah the man have check out of reality . frank what happen ? I do not understand . carter be not it obvious ? right now , we be the only one who know he exist . if he get rid of we , no one know and he become the most powerful man on earth . frank but he 's not a killer . they all look at Linda . linda he be not . he be now . matt can you fix the elevator ? restore we code ? frank it would take hour to crack the encryption . matt right now that sound like good news . carter so what do we do until then . sit around wait for he to kill we off ? everyone look around for some leadership . finally . linda no . we find he , before he find we . int . corridor - day the group move quickly , pass under a air vent . as they round the corner the vent slowly swing down and a air disturbance drop to the ground . int . observation room as they enter ... carter you sure this will work . Linda sit down at a computer terminal , activate it . linda we design it to help find the rat we keep drop in year one . they be too small for thermal scan . a map of the compound appear on the screen . matt system hot . activate motion detector . Matt toggle a switch . Linda stare at a map of the compound . blip appear on the display ... in the observation room ... in the habitat Area and in one of the corridor . linda I have get movement in corridor six . matt that 's he . int . corridor - day a shadow edge down the tunnel . it settles for a moment , disappear completely , then be back on the move . at the tunnel 's edge , motion detector light up as the thing pass by . int . observation room Carter check he tranq pistol &amp ; Matt rummages through a locker . matt get them . Matt pull out a pair of walkie-talky . he toss one to Linda . linda ( into walkie ) check . check . her voice echoe from the other unit . linda ( cont would ) be careful . matt just watch we back . hey Carter , ready ? carter let 's do it . Matt and Carter exit . Linda lock the door behind they . int . tunnel Matt and Carter trot toward corridor six . int . observation room - day Linda huddle over the display , tracking the two . linda ( into walkie ) take a right at the next accessway . he 's work he way back to the office . we see Matt and Carter on one of the work video screen as they push down the tunnel . int . corridor - day Matt and Carter move cautiously , listen for any sound . matt ( walkie - sotto ) if we split up , can we trap he on corridor eight ? linda ( v.0 . ) if he keep head in that direction . Matt nod to Carter . the pair split , head down separate accessway . matt go thermal . Matt pull the visor down over he eye . int . observation room - day Linda watch the two separate and come around sebastian in a pincer move . suddenly , the blip that be sebastian disappear . Linda grab the walkie . linda I lose he . Matt , I lose he . int . corridor - day Matt make he way forward . matt he probably just stop move . but Matt become more cautious with he footstep . slowly ... approach a corner ... he round the corner and see a heat signature at the far end of the corridor . he level he pistol , ready to fire . carter it 's I . Matt pull off he goggle . matt do you have anything ? carter nothing . matt how do he get by we ? carter he could not . matt sebastian ! we be here to help . sebastian . no response . they both don they visor and move forward slightly . Carter hold up he hand . carter there . behind that pipe . he 's not move . Carter point . Matt check he thermal . a red heat signature cling to the wall . carter ( cont would ) Doctor caine ? ( beat ) can you hear I ? no response . matt ( into walkie ) we see he . but he 's not respond . the heat signature do not move . Matt look through he visor and hold the tranquilizer gun at the ready . he look for a clear shot . the heat signature huddle behind pipe . matt c'mon ... c'mon ... the two slowly move closer . Matt finally have a clear shot . he signal Carter . Carter level he pistol too . carter cover . Matt fire the dart at the heat signature . it bounce off the wall ... nothing there . matt what the ... he cross to the heat signature . matt ( cont would ) just a vent . just a goddamn vent linda ( v.0 . ) he be there . matt look like ... look like we be pump out heat ... suddenly behind he ... carter jerk three feet in the air , kick wildly . suspended in mid - AIR by he neck . he gasp for air . linda ( v.0 . ) I get movement again ! he 's right on top of you ! matt no fuck shit ! Matt open fire with the tranquilize , shoot at the ceiling until he spend he dart round . matt ( cont would ) sebastian ? goddamnit ! let he go . carter ( choke ) h... help ... mmmmphg Carter suffocate . he pass out . with a sudden crack , he 's throw against the side wall . a large cut open up across he head and he body go limp . matt ( into walkie ) where be he ? where the fuck be he ?!? int . observation room - day Linda huddle over the display . linda right on top of you . int . corridor - day Matt scramble away . running . pipe burst and swing down from the ceiling . steam billow forth . something move through the cloud of steam . around the corner , Matt shove more dart into he tranquilizer . linda ( v.0 . ) what 's go on ? be you okay ? matt Carter 's down . hurt bad . bleed from a head wound . int . observation room - continuous Linda watch the screen . two blip , one travel quickly . linda Matt , he 's come toward you . int . corridor - day Matt take a few step back . matt shit . linda get outta there . Matt break into a run . int . observation room Linda watch one dot chase the other , down several corridor . linda he 's close ! int . tunnel Matt run , check over he shoulder . sound of footstep behind he , but up ahead the heavy metal blast door begin to close . matt goddamnit . the door be close . he 's shutting I in . Matt rush the door as they slide shut . he do not make it in time . the door close with a resounding clang . Matt turn and pull on he thermal . matt ( cont would ) where be he ? int . observation room - continuous Linda huddle over the screen . tense . linda he 's come right at you ! then check the thermal goggle . several heat signature dot the tunnel . matt where ? linda twenty , maybe thirty foot . matt goddamnit , I get thermal all over the place . eight , maybe ten of they . must be ghost . int . observation room - continuous Linda get a sense of forbode . she look around the room . see a heating vent in the corner . beat . she grab the walkie . linda that signature ... they be come from the heating vent . through the goggle , Matt see the tunnel turn red . matt I be start to lose resolution on my thermal . linda get out of there ! int . observation room frank if the room temperature be the same as he body temperature , thermal visor will be no good . Linda grab a tranq gun and head for the door . linda I be go ! frank Linda ... it 's not safe . linda that 's why I be go . ( to Frank and Sarah ) corridor eight be clear . get Carter to the lab . we will meet you there . frank but ... linda do it . int . corridor Matt turn to face the corridor . it 's turn red . Matt see some movement in the thermal cloud . open fire . but the thermal signature disappear into the heat . Matt can not distinguish anything through he goggle anymore . he pull they off and hold he gun in front of he sweeping the hallway . sebastian' voice Marco ... polo ... Marco ... polo ... his voice keep shifting . Matt fire . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) not even close . Matt sweep he front leg back and forth , like a blind man use a cane . but he foot be not hit anything . he see a FIRE extinguisher mount on the wall . he rush it , turn it on the hallway and spray . and something lunge through the foam . grab he , send he tumble down the tunnel . Matt be throw against the wall . blood come from he brow . he scramble away , spraying more foam . see a shape in the mist , raise he pistol and fire . the shape leap away . the dart fly . do not hit . Matt scramble back into a corner . his pistol be empty . sebastian so ... just out of curiosity , how long have my best friend be fuck my ex - girlfriend . matt sebastian . get a hold of yourself . you be not think rationally . sebastian' voice she 's a pretty sweet fuck , be not she ? matt calm down , sebastian ... we can talk this through . it 's not too late . the shape part the low hang mist , the fine powder swirl in cloud behind it . come toward he . matt ( cont 'd ) c'mon sebastian . do not do this . I be you friend . sebastian' voice I be sorry , but I just feel that we friendship be hold I back . I be sure you understand . the door open . Linda reach through , grab Matt . she pull he to he foot and through the door . int . tunnel Frank and Sarah , hold they tranq pistol , fly down the corridor . sarah this way . they shear off the main corridor into the side corridor . Carter lie crumpled up ahead . Sarah slide to he side . Carter 's head rest in a pool of blood . she check he pulse while Frank take a protective position . sarah ( cont would ) pulse be weak . breathe ... shallow . frank he will be okay . sarah it 's pretty severe . we have to get he to the lab . frank he 's get to be okay . Frank stand freeze . sarah for godsake , help I . Frank snap to . grab a arm . the pair hoist Carter up and carry he down the hallway . int . observation room Linda pull a handle and door slide shut behind they . matt he be go to kill I . Linda pull he close . linda I know . he 's go . matt we have get to get out of here . Linda check the screen -- see Sarah , Frank and Carter head toward the Laboratory . matt ( cont would ) where be he ? goddamnit , where be he ? isolate in the hallway of habitats be a single blip . linda habitats . matt oh god . that 's right between we and the lab . int . laboratory Frank and Sarah lift Carter onto a medical table . sarah his pulse be faint . Sarah grab a sheet from the counter top . fold it and press it against the head wound . sarah ( cont would ) he 's lose a lot of blood . here . hold this . she guide Frank 's hand to the wound . sarah ( cont would ) keep apply pressure . Sarah pull out a saline solution i.v. bag and slap it on the rack . she fumble with the needle as she try to find a vein . sarah ( cont would ) do not move you hand until I get back . Sarah head to the door . frank where be you go ? sarah this will hold he but he need blood . frank but ... sarah supply be right down the hall . I will be two second . frank Sarah , wait for the other sarah if I wait , he will die . keep pressure on the wound . int . corridor Sarah exit the lab . check the corridor . down at the end of the cramped tunnel be the supply room . she swallow she fear and head toward it , all the while glance side - to- side and behind she . int . supply room spook , Sarah burst into the room . she go to the supply fridge / freezer , pull open the door , and sort through blood bag . int . tunnel Matt and Linda push along the corridor ; Matt spraying with the fire extinguisher in short control burst , Linda clutching she tranquilizer like a commando . a noise behind they . footstep . Matt turn to blast with the extinguisher . the white chemical dust spray out , outline a shape in the tunnel . but it be not a human shape . Matt 's uniform shred . something with fierce sharp claw fell he . tearing into he flesh . we see a angry , hungry face ... jabbing for a moment through the linger fog . matt ahh ! shit ! Linda try to get a clear shot off through the smoke . Matt trip and go sprawling . something yelp . a howl . Linda shoot . her dart jab into something which collapse to the ground . a moment of calm . as the dusty chemical foam settles , the outline of a great ape appear , still twitching . matt ( cont would ) Karl Three . Nice shot . linda he 's let the animal out . it be not he we be tracking . Linda lean against the wall , still clutching she tranq gun at the ready . the heat be get to bar . bar scrub be soak , she hair 's a mess . she wipe the sweat from she brow . linda ( cont would ) you okay ? matt it will not kill I unless it get infect . you ? linda I .... do not ask about I . if he freed all the animal , we could have dozen run around the lab . matt so he could be anywhere right now . Matt spray the whole tunnel , put down a gentle cloud mist . nothing else appear . matt ( cont would ) what do we do ? linda get to the lab , lock the goddamn door and pray to God Frank can reprogram the elevator . int . supply room Sarah finish collect blood bag and shut the door to the fridge / freezer . the door slam behind she . she freeze and slowly turn . sarah Frank ? she eye the supply room , look for a sign of movement . sarah ( cont would ) ( frighten whisper ) who 's there ? she listen . be that breathe she hear ? now she 's start to panic . sarah ( cont would ) Dr. caine ? she start to back away , but she 's already in the corner . she clutches she tranquilizer gun , but there 's nothing to aim at . the vial of blood on the shelf give she a idea . she reach over , grab a vial and throw it on the floor . glass shatter and blood smear across the linoleum . Sarah toss another vial and another . become more and more hysterical . splatter more and more blood . but she run out of vial . shake with fear , she search the blood look for a footprint , or movement . but there 's nothing there . Sarah wait a beat , clutching the tranquilizer gun . take a step . wait a beat longer . finally she relax . it be just she imagination . she head toward the door when she hear a terrifying whisper in she ear . sebastian' voice you miss . her hair fly up , and she swing against the wall . she try to move , but she 's pin there . her hand struggle against the force . sarah please no . let I go . oh god , let I go . the arm hold the tranquilizer gun begin to move . sarah ( cont would ) what be you do ? no ! Sarah fight , but she arm move nonetheless sarah ( cont would ) help I ! oh God . somebody help I ! frank ! slowly , deliberately , she own arm move down the wall and around , until the tranquilizer gun point right at she stomach . Sarah watch in horror as she own body betray she . sarah ( cont would ) no ... please . do not do this to I . she struggle , shaking back and forth . writhing . in anguish and in fear . sarah ( cont would ) what do you want ? sebastian you . the trigger pull .... pop ! a dart explode from the gun and imbed in Sarah 's stomach . she whimper as she eye glass over . suddenly she 's release . she stumble backward and fall lifeless to the floor . a moment of stillness , all we can hear be the sound of someone breathe . on Sarah 's face ... a slight- indentation run down she cheek .. almost sweet ... almost tender . and slight indentation run across she breast and stroke down she body . the sense of violation and vulnerability be awful . sebastian sigh . sebastian' voice I have always like you feistiness . Sarah 's head shift slightly . her head shift violently , accompany by the celery crunch of she neck snap . sebastian exhales , he breath fill with the intoxication of power . int . laboratory - day Frank apply pressure to the wound , wait for Sarah to return . Carter 's vital sign be weaken .. , . frank Sarah ! Sarah ! ( to Carter ) goddamnit . stay with I now . do not you let up ... Sarah ! Sarah ! no response . Frank do not know whether to stay or go after she . he start toward the door several time but can not leave Carter . finally the door open . frank ( cont would ) Sarah ! I be lose he . but it 's Linda and Matt . frank ( cont would ) do you see she ? Linda rush over to check on Carter . linda where be she ? frank she go to the supply room . Carter need blood . Linda grab a stethoscope and listen to Carter 's heart . linda I say no one go anywhere alone . frank she do not listen . she -slowly pull Frank 's hand away from the wound . frank ( cont would ) but ... linda he 's dead . Linda would love to cry about it , but do not afford herself the luxury . int . corridor the three of they approach the supply room door slowly . blood trickle from under the door and bloody footprint extend down the hallway . they swing open the door . the floor be cover in blood and break glass . but no body . int . corridor Sarah , break , be drag toward the chair , eerily jerk down the hallway ... seemingly on its own . int . corridor the three scientist follow the bloody footprint down the hallway past the empty cage in the tunnel of habitat . all clutch they tranquilizer pistol . the footprint lead past the habitat to sebastian 's chamber . they see Sarah 's body in the dim light . linda oh god . Sarah ! the group break into a run . Linda push into the chamber and fall at Sarah 's side . Matt cradle Sarah 's head . they look for some sign of life as Linda fight back the tear . linda ( cont would ) no ... frank her too ? Matt nod . Linda slam the cubicle wall with she fist . linda this do not happen . this have not happen . matt it happen alright . now we have to deal with it . Matt put he hand on she shoulder to calm she . she push he off . frank yeah ? and just what be we suppose to do now ? sebastian' voice now ? now you die . the three of they whip around . linda he 's here ! matt where ? linda sebastian ! silence . the three cautiously move out . they stand back to back , each one face out . they move toward the door of the chamber . linda ( cont would ) sebastian . sebastian , listen to I . no response . they all they tranq pistol level wait for some sign . hear each other breathe . they slowly move outside the chamber into the corridor . linda ( cont1d ) I do not know if you can understand this , but what you be experience be a psychological breakdown . this be not who you be . a beat . sebastian' voice I would say that what I be experience be psychological awareness . I like you be in complete and absolute control . they identify the general area the voice be come from : back inside the chamber ! they slowly move toward the chamber door . with lightning speed they slam the door shut , lock sebastian inside the recovery chamber . linda you goddamn bastard ! you goddamn bastard . you be gonna pay for this . I be go to bring you back to visibility and then I be go throw you ass in jail . sebastian' voice you be never gonna bring I back Linda . I never want to come back . linda fuck you ! sebastian' voice or maybe I will fuck you . one last time for old time sake . Linda slam she fist against the wall of the chamber . matt do not listen to he . it 's not worth it . frank come on , Matt . let 's go get the elevator back on - line so we can get out of this hell hole . Matt give Linda a kiss ... matt he do anything , anything at all , come get we . I will be back to check on you in five . Matt and Frank head off down the corridor . sebastian' voice imagine you two , carry on right under my nose . out of curiosity , what do he give you that I could not ? linda shut up , sebastian . he 's more of a man than you will ever be . int . observation room - continuous a video screen show Linda pace outside the chamber door . the chair move forward toward a microphone . sebastian' voice okay , sweetie . I will be quiet . if that 's what you want ... sebastian toggles the intercom switch off . we pan over to one of the work video screen ... Matt and Frank stride down the hallway . the chair swivel and the observation room door swing open slightly . int . chamber Linda still hold he tranq gun toward the door . nothing move . nothing . Linda walk over to the plexiglas ... stare in . can not see anything , anyone . just the dead Sarah . then she see it . the little red light on the intercom . its on . linda sebastian ? sebastian ? no .. no ... Linda bang on the glass . she look . no movement , no nothing . she listen . shit . she take off run . linda ( cont would ) Matt ! Frank ! track with Linda as she rush down the hall . linda ( cont would ) Matt ! Matt ! Frank ! int . laboratory - day Linda break in the room to see Frank slicked in blood , he throat cut , and Matt bleed from multiple stab wound with a extension cord around he neck be pull tight . linda Jesus ! Linda rush over and slam into Matt . they fall to the ground . Linda crawl over to Matt , but she head snap back and she lip erupt with blood . sebastian' voice figure it out ? you be always so clever . Matt 's pull back across the lab by the cord around he neck . he grab at the cord try to breathe . Linda watch he be pull away . linda no ! she clamor over to he . but Matt rise in the air and be toss against the lab table . Linda level she dart pistol and fire haphazardly at the air . she hit nothing but object jerk and move in a line as sebastian head for cover . Linda manage to grab Matt and pull he to she . linda ( cont would ) hang on ! matt get out of here ! Linda pull Matt toward the door . linda ( yell ) you will not get away with this . they will find out about you . they will hunt you down . sebastian' voice the villager with they torch ? lock up you daughter ! sorry , lin . it 's not gonna happen that way . Linda hit the light . the lab be now very , very dark . sebastian' voice ( cont would ) see , I have spend all my time down here think up this plan . when they find you , they will find a pile of char corpse . the result of a terrible accident , I be afraid . Linda react to the voice as it grow nearer . she navigate the maze of equipment , head toward the crack of light at the front door . linda how can you be so brutal ? sebastian' voice I guess because I do not have to look at myself in the mirror anymore ( beat ) remember that first night I be out ? I do something bad , just to see if I could get away with it . and when I do , I realize I could have it all . I can kill in broad daylight . and nobody 's gonna tell the police they be fuck by a ghost . anything I desire I can make happen , but not if people know . Linda and Matt have reach the door of the lab . she push through it and slam it behind she . int . corridor - day Linda pull Matt along . matt I be dizzy . I can not feel my leg . linda just keep go . I will fix you later . int . corridor , lab door - day the door explode open . int . supply room - day Linda look up and down the hall and pull Matt inside the supply room . it 's still blood soak from earlier . Linda close the door , slide the deadbolt into place . Linda lot he drop like a heap onto the floor . she fall to she knee beside Matt , lie on the ground . linda Matt ... Matthew . stay with I now . Linda pull he scrub open . the wound be many and deep . matt he surprised we . we be not expect ... linda shhh . do not talk . bam ! something slam against the door . bam ! slam against it again . the old deadbolt be buckle . Linda look around the room and see the storage freezer . linda ( cont would ) we gotta move . hang on . Linda help Matt up and into the storage freezer . int . storage freezer Linda grab a metal bar and slide it between two hook on the door and the jam . bam ! the storage room door blow open . Linda lean down next to Matt . matt lin ... he entire shirt be stain with blood . he 's have trouble breathe . matt ( cont would ) I can not feel anything . Linda pick up he hand . grip it tight . linda you feel that ? Matt smile . matt a little ... she rip he shirt open ... and see he wound . she grab a vial of alcohol and dump it on she hand and then probe the wound . linda you lose blood , but he do not hit the vital . she look around . linda ( cont would ) suture and thread . she rise , and look outside the porthole into the room . suddenly it fog up and she almost see a face . she stumble backward , and the door start rattling . Linda scramble over to hold the metal crowbar in place . sebastian pull and rattles on the freezer door . to no avail . it 's not gonna budge . finally he give up . the door stop shaking . Linda be relieved , briefly . still . then she hear the click of the door lock . outside the freezer close on the regulator as the dial turn from forty - five degree , down to negative twenty . inside the freezer through the porthole , Linda see the bloody footprint head toward the door . she remove the metal bar and push on the door . it will not move . linda goddamnit . Linda look around the storage room . she grab a roll of duct tape and pull off a length . matt what be you do ? linda this be temporary . she take paper towel and clean off Matt 's wound . she tape it , use duct tape . linda ( cont would ) you still with I ? matt barely . a beat later , the compressor begin pump Arctic air into the freezer . linda just keep get worse . Linda return to the door . shake it . int . chamber - day we hear whistling as we see a sheet of flesh fill out into a head as sebastian slide on he latex head piece . int . storage freezer Linda continue shaking the door . the lock hold . a tear roll down Linda 's cheek , but a strange thing happen . the tear drop freeze . Linda shiver as she pull the icy tear from she face . linda oh shit . the inside thermometer have drop to five degree . Linda grab the metal bar and start smash it against the porthole . the metal bar just bounce off the glass . int . sebastian' office a drawer open , revealing a set of clothing neatly fold . shirt , pants , shoe . they begin to move . int . storage freezer Linda drop the metal bar and slide down the wall , defeat . matt there 's no way out . linda there 's get to be . matt they say freezing to death be not so bad . you just kinda pass out . Matt 's head roll back . linda Matt ! matt ! she check he pulse . thank god he still have one , but he 's not gonna last long . they be both already start to turn a little blue . Linda stare desperately up at the shelf , try to find some sort of advantage . then she see something . she look back at the door lock and then she rise ... and grab a extension cord coiled on the shelf . linda ( cont would ) we be not die in here . int . bathroom - day sebastian , dress in street clothes , stand before the mirror apply make - up to he latex mask . int . storage freezer Linda finish stripping the insulation off the electric cord . she grab a hypodermic needle package , and she cold finger fumble with the package as she try to pull out the plastic tube . she finally get it out and she start wrapping the stripped electric wire around the tube in a tight coil . int . bathroom - day sebastian slide on a wig and check he appearance in the mirror . pretty smooth . even from relatively close up , he could pass as normal . int . storage freezer Linda furiously wind wire into a coil . int . corridor sebastian head down the corridor . linger steam twist in and around the hallway , long wispy tendril . sebastian pause for a moment , hearing a growl . suddenly the hallway seem a lot scarier . from beneath he scrub he pull he own tranq gun . he listen ... hearing scraping and footstep . watch the water on the floor twitch . with machine like precision , he turn and fire . the tranq dart halt in mid-air and some invisible thing tumble over . sebastian continue down the hallway . int . storage freezer Linda hold the plug end of the extension cord . the other end be wrap into a tight long coil . Linda look for a outlet , but can not find one . she look at the overhead light . a moment later she 's climb up the shelving . she wrap * a piece of fabric around she hand , and with a sharp punch she smashes one of the overhead light bulb . int . laboratory sebastian enter , fully dress . at a distance it would be hard to tell he secret . he pull several chemical off the shelf . then he pull a tray of test tube over and begin mixing . int . storage freezer Linda work on jerry rigging the two end of the wire to the lightbulb , socket . suddenly the coiled wire spring to life and fly against the nearest metal surface . she 's make a electromagnet . int . laboratory sebastian load the fill test tube into the centrifuge . dozen of other vial be already slotted . he take one of the leave over vial , consider it a moment and then fling it over to the other side of the lab . the vial shatter and ... explode . a powerful explosion that rock the room . int . storage freezer Linda feel the rumbling as she place the coil up against the door . the magnet attaches itself . Linda shake the coil , try to get the doorlock to move . outside the door - we see the lock twitching . shake ... inside the door - Linda shiver as she play with the coil . her eye glaze and she stumble backward . her surgical scrub , once soak with sweat , be now freeze stiff . she compose herself and push back toward the door . her heavy breath hang as a low cloud of mist . int . laboratory - day sebastian look over the dozen of other test tube , calculate they combine power in he mind . then he close the top of the centrifuge . he tap a few command into its timer . int . supply room the door lock twitches again and twist back . the door swing open and Linda stumble out , mash into a supply shelf of oxygen canister . the canister tumble every which way as Linda tumble to the ground . she scramble to she foot and go in after Matt , pull he cold body out of the storage locker . she pull stack of paper down from , the shelf into a trashcan , grab a industrial lighter and ignites the paper . she push Matt close to the small bonfire . as she do , the oxygen tank catch she eye . int . corridor sebastian exit the lab , lock the door behind he . he head down the darken tunnel . something scamper in front of he . small , not visible . sebastian send it reeling with a swift violent kick . int . corridor , by the elevator - day sebastian , dress and in full latex , come stride up the tunnel . he tap a code into the elevator vault door . the vault door open revealing the elevator . the door slide open and sebastian step inside . elevator authorization please ? sebastian caine . one one one one one . elevator authorization valid . thank you . linda sebastian ! and there 's Linda . slicked with dirt and blood . she hold a oxygen container with a cut line . linda ( cont would ) I can not let you leave . come on out and I will give you one last chance . sebastian you say it yourself , lin . I should not hold on to the past . the door start to shut . linda aaaaaaahhhh ! she hit the top of a lighter duct - tape to the hose . a line of pressurized FIRE blows into the elevator . wwhhhoooosshhhh ! sebastian go up in flame . Linda run toward the elevator . just as the door 's about to close , she slide . her foot jam into it . she let loose with the flame again . sebastian , back into the corner , have no where to go . he 's yell in pain . his latex face bubble and burn . the surgical scrub singe black . with no other escape route , he dive toward the door . Linda look up to see he flame body fly over she , back into the corridor . Linda kill the tank as sebastian continue to burn . the elevator light flicker and the security panel go up in a shower of spark . the elevator die . Linda pull herself to she foot and turn to see ... half of sebastian 's head melted away , he latex facade a gruesome smoke - damage mass . his clothes be half burn revealing large blister bubbly welt underneath , like deform blacken bubble wrap . sebastian crawl to he foot , but Linda hit he with another shot of flame . sebastian pull at he clothes as he crawl around the corner . sebastian oh God ! Linda stalk toward he . linda you wanna see God ? I will show you God . Linda turn the corner to see a heap of smolder latex and clothing strewn about the corridor floor . sebastian , look like some ugly creature , push down the corridor . he throbs with he blacken skin blister and crack up and down he body . Linda let loose another jet of flame . it 's smaller than the first and do not quite hit sebastian . Linda check the tank pressure gauge . it slowly drop . Linda follow the blacken horror into the maze of tunnel . but as he push along the corridor , he burn slowly be - absorb themselves . sebastian be no longer visible . a quiet moment in the hallway as Linda realize how vulnerable she be . she look around for he desperately . nothing . but something on the ceiling catch she attention . she blast it with the last jet of she die torch . the sprinkler system , hit by fire , come to life . Water spray down on the tunnel . sebastian be catch in the downpour , he invisible frame outline by water . it come toward she , the hot skin steaming in the water . he grab Linda and slam she against the wall . his watery hand smashes she across she face . Linda reel . on the floor , she look to see sebastian stalking toward she . she crawl away , but he grab she by she hair , pull she to she foot and slam she against the wall . sebastian I be gonna find everyone in you family and kill they - . you sister ... she never like I . I think I will go after she and she little boy first . sebastian smashes she head against a metal post . her head cut open , blood drip down . sebastian ( cont would ) I just want you to know that before you die . Linda collapse to the floor . sebastian 's foot press against she neck , squeezing it . Linda gag for breath . but through the shoot of water that be sebastian , we see something also ... a watery smudge . bam ! matt - smashes sebastian with the metal bar . sebastian slam against the corridor wall and sink down . Matt stagger . it 's take all he strength to get there . he drop the crowbar and seek the wall for support , he sink to he knee by Linda . matt think I would ... think I would save you for a change . he give she he hand and pull she up into he arm . matt ( cont would ) let 's get out of here . just as the two turn , sebastian rise with the crowbar . he swing it with a yell . Matt push Linda out of the way , he arm glance the blow into a conduit . the conduit split open and sever electrical wiring . the voltage shoot up the crowbar and into sebastian . as the current pulse through he body , sebastian vibrate . his blood vessel yank back to visibility , follow by he skeletal structure and major organ . sebastian be slowly electrify . smoke pour off he and he become more and more visible . finally he collapse . his body throbbing in and out of visibility . Matt and Linda stumble away . int . corridor - day just outside the lab ... Linda try to pry open the seal door with the crowbar . but she can not . through the door porthole she see a collection of chemical and the fire raging from the earlier explosion . linda nitro ... Matt peak inside . matt he say it himself ... all they will find be a pile of char corpse . she see the centrifuge ... the time counter on its face count down from a minute . fifty nine . fifty eight . fifty seven ... linda he 's rig the centrifuge . matt in a enclose space , he will wipe out the whole lab . int . tunnel Linda and Matt move as fast as they can . they reach the burn out elevator . what the hell be they gonna do ? we know the damn thing do not work . she swing she crowbar at the ceiling . the maintenance hatch come down . linda grab on . Linda hook the crowbar onto the hatch lip and pull herself up . she reach back down for Matt . matt forget about I . you go . linda fuck you . give I you hand . Linda grab Matt 's hand and pull for all she 's worth . she struggle , but they both manage to get he through the hatch . int . laboratory - day Three ... two ... one . the centrifuge spring to life . the centrifuge spin the two dozen vial slowly at first . int . vent Linda and Matt be on top of the elevator . Linda 's hand search the wall . bar finger run across the smooth metal surface . from the little light below she can see a maintenance ladder that span the entire height of the vertical tube . they look up and see it disappear into the darkness . linda climb ! matt but ... linda climb ! Matt start up , rung after rung . Linda climb right behind he . int . laboratory the centrifuge spin faster and faster . the vial be start to rattle . int . elevator shaft Linda and Matt pull themselves up the ladder as quick as they can . matt I can not . I be go to pass out . linda keep move . he do , through sheer force of will . blood from he wound drip down on Linda 's face . no tell how much further they have to go in this darkness . Light leak in from the maintenance hatch below . int . laboratory the centrifuge 's whine have reach a fevere pitch . the vial shake violently . then ... one of the vial shatter . a flash of light . a huge explosion rip through the laboratory . int . tunnel the explosion rip through the lab door . a massive fireball roll down the tunnel swallow everything in its path . one of the phase shift animal get catch in the flame . we see its shape briefly before it disappear in a wall of fire . int . elevator shaft the ladder begin to shake . the entire shaft begin to rumble . Linda push Matt up as they scramble toward safety . int . exhaust vent the fireball blow into the vent . start roll down it also . int . tunnel more explosion . chain reaction . boom ! boom ! boom ! the explosion roll toward the OPEN elevator . slam into it ... the elevator fly upward . int . elevator shaft the rumbling worsen . the two desperately cling to the ladder . they look down to see ... the elevator ... surrounded by flame fly up toward they , lift by the explosion 's SHOCK wave . linda oh God ! matt do not look . the carriage accelerate toward they , faster and faster . its loose cable whip around the shaft , slapping the wall around the pair . its gonna hit they ! Linda pull herself close to the ladder and close she eye . she 's press against Matt . the elevator ... 50 foot ... 40 ... 30 ... w0000000sh ! it flame right by they . when Linda open she eye , the elevator be hundred of feet above they and a wall of fire be below they , close in . linda move ! panicked , Linda push Matt up the ladder as she stare down at the rise fire wall . but the fire dissipate before it hit they , though a stray tongue of flame reach up to lick the sole of she foot . they hear a terrifying moan and look up to see the elevator peak far above she . it slow to a stop and begins to fall . matt it 's come down ! faster and faster . come back toward they in complete free - fall . it 's emergency brake clamp down , slow it . Metal against metal . spark fly . one of the brake shear . then another . the elevator unseat from it 's track , slamming against the wall as it tumble . Linda see that the elevator be out of control , and watch as it ping - pong toward they ... smash into the access ladder , smash into the wall . the elevator slow , but continue slamm side - to-side . Linda cringe as the elevator crash into the wall above they . but it jam there , stop . they pull they head away from wall and look up . the elevator just hang there , suspend . there 's a small crawlspace between the elevator and the ladder . linda c'mon . before it slip . they begin to climb up again . Matt shimmy through the tight hollow , and squeeze out the other side , follow by Linda . she breathes a sigh of relief and just hang there a moment when ... ah ! something grab she . a singe throbbing hand emerge from the darkness , grip at she leg . linda ( cont would ) it 's he . she kick at it and see a dark dirty face - a swirl of dirt , grime and smoke with hollow eye - rise up the ladder . matt sebastian , you fuck . linda get off I . sebastian pull himself up Linda 's body . translucent dirty hand pave at the fabric of she clothes . Linda try to climb with this thing on she . but sebastian grab she around the neck . she begin choke for breath . Linda fight to keep she grip on the ladder ... she look down at the ten foot drop to the elevator and then ... she let go ! matt no ! she and sebastian plummet through the smoky haze and slam against the top of the elevator . Linda seem to hover a few above the elevator , sebastian 's shadowy outline below she . Matt painfully lower himself down the ladder . but metal groan and the elevator drop another five foot . Linda struggle to she foot . sebastian rise . a menace dark figure stalking toward she . Linda push back from he . sebastian grab she by the hair and pull bar over to the ladder . the elevator strain and groan . linda let go of I . sebastian press she up against the ladder . press into she from behind . he have she trap . his dirty hand reach out and stroke she hair . sebastian remember the day we meet ? you be wear a red dress and you be so pretty . now ... now look at you . matt get off of she ! sebastian pull she hair back and kiss she neck with he filthy , dirt - smear mouth and half - burn away face . matt ( cont would ) sebastian , stop it . Linda and sebastian struggle . Matt reach down to try and grab she , help she . sebastian you fuck it all up . Linda look at she foot . the last elevator emergency brake grip its cable . she grit she tooth and grab hold of the ladder . linda go to hell . Linda stamp on the brake release . the elevator tumble ... along with sebastian . it slam into the fiery abyss a hundred yard below . Linda hang , one hand hold onto the ladder , the other hold onto Matt . Matt pull she back onto the ladder , use all he remain strength . ext . warehouse - day Linda and Matt stumble out into the blaze sunshine . emergency crew close from all direction , siren roaring . a trail of smoke drift higher and higher into the sky . a ambulance pull up next to they and the paramedics hop out , immediately put a blanket around she and treat Matt 's wound . marine guard what happen ? linda we live . Linda look over she shoulder at the trace of the ruin and she see a shimmer of heat rise from the ground ... almost as if something be there . fade out :