" hose , tl syeinen the kip '' ndbeny-weente by Ed hehe '' * base ' on . a story , by . ** Stuart sotdon , '' Brian yoana : and - Ed Naha 237th draft 6/87 : ( seve '' they , trade .. \enl - .. - collect ‘em with you '' *-. frfendel ) 5 lo the teeny -weenies 1 ext . STREET , morning the camera move along a typical suburban street in a aerial shot , show bright and well keep home after home . finally , we focus on two home . one house be orthadox suburban , litter with pink flamingos and lawn jockey . the other could use a coat of paint and some gardening repair . we dwell on the better of the two home for a moment . int . bedroom , morning " big " russ johnson slowly crack he eye open as a steady " clang - clang - clanging " shatter the silence of the bedroom he share with he wife , mae . Russ be a gruff , self - make man , the president of he own construction company ( olympian construction - - we build they bigger and better ) , Russ admire hard work and do not - trust people who read newspaper that do not contain a comic page . like many Americans , he 's impressed by appearance . if it 's big , it have to be great . mae be a quiet , but strong woman . she wind up , do most of the child - rear in the home and , at time , treat Russ like she biggest , most problematic child . > Russ stagger to the bedroom window and gaze down into he backyard . ext . johnson backyard , morning there , he ten-year- old identical twin son , ron and don , be busy pitching a tent to spend the weekend in . the twin be gung - ho cub scout with great imagination . to they , the neatly - keep grassy yard , with its ceramic animal , be a jungle . although identical in appearance , ron and Don be opposite . ron have a mischievous streak as deep as the Grand Canyon while Don be the more responsible of the two . int . bedroom , morning Big Russ gape at the twin , check he watch . big russ what be you two do ? ext . backyard , morning o. C ) Don freeze . ron continue bang merrily away . the teeny-weenies 2 ron pitch a tent , dad . big russ ( resign ) do not you know I be sleep ? ron but you be talk to we , dad . you look wide awake . do not , he Don ? don ( sotto , exasperate ) ron ! ron smile innocently at he father . Big Russ slam the window down . int . bedroom , morning Big Russ bite he lip and walk back towards the bed . big russ everybody in this house be a comedian . mae except you , dear . big russ darn right . the clanging continue . Big Russ wince . mae they be only child . big russ Hitler be a child once , he crawl back under the cover . mae ( smile sweetly ) as long as you be up , why do not you make some coffee ? Big Russ stare at she , perplex . she smile brightly at he . he 's beat . he sigh and get out of bed , grab he favorite , batter olympian construction cap ( it have a picture of hercules on it , with a big # 1 ) down over he head with a sharp tug . big russ good idea . int , hallway , morning Big Russ stumble into the hall , still sleepy . he the teeny-weenies 3 '' ) encounter he oldest son , " little " russ , in the hall . good look and clean -cut , " Little " Russ be a strong but slightly diminutive fifteen year old . his dead be constantly push he to overexcell . " Little " Russ do not mind . he 's a jock but not a typical one . he 's quiet and , in fact , more than a tad self - conscious about he short stature . . big russ why do not you pump some iron , son . get in shape for football practice . little russ uh , dad ...? Big Russ do not give he son a chance to speak . he head downstairs towards the kitchen . Little Russ shrug and trot down the stair and outside the house , ext . johnson backyard , morning in the yard , while the twin continue to pitch they tent , Little Russ , clad in a sweatsuit , begin to pump iron . ron soon grow bored with the tent . he sit down on the ground with a thud . don what 's the matter ? ron this be sissy stuff . don what be ? ron camp in the yard . I want to camp out in the real jungle . with wild animal . cannibal , Grizzly bear . don Grizzly bear do not live in the jungle . ron they do in my jungle . and they would eat weiner like you for breakfast . int . szalinski kitchen , morning this entire backyard tableau ( Russ ' prowess , in particular ) for be be watch from the house nextdoor by amy szalinski . as she toil at the kitchen stove . Fifteen -year-old Amy be a pretty , no - nonsense type . she 's tall , wear glass and feel very out of thing because of the teeny -weenies 4 . ) she height . to help " hide " she stature , she often walk stoop -shoulder and tend to be self - efface . at 9 a.m. , the szalinski place be already a madhouse . Amy be try very hard to prepare breakfast for herself , she dad and she kid brother , six - year - old nicholas . she be have a hard time of it , while scramble the egg , whisp of she straw - color hair keep fall in she eye . Little brother nick ignore she plight , read a science - fiction novel at the kitchen table . one of the brightest tyke imaginable , Nick be far ahead of he peer in term of schoolwork , which please he parent but annoys Amy , who wind up do most of the drudge work . Nick be terrify of the real world . he be small and thin and have asthma . when face with a problem he , more often than not , play " sick . " amy how 's the toast come ? nick Fine . he glance into the fry pan at what be suppose to be scramble egg . nick Mom never make they like that . amy Mom 's not here . nick ( after a beat ) when do you think she 's come back ? amy I do not know . maybe never . Nick stare at the egg as Amy begin to pour they out onto a platter . the egg resemble something yellow that have just be hit by a car travel at a very high speed . he sniff at the goop . nick I hope she come back soon , Amy glance at the toast . smoke be billow from the toaster , amy i , Nick ! the toast be smoking ! do you know what that mean ? nick it 's hot ? the teeny -weenies 5 amy straight -a student but you can not make toast . nick I want to be a scientist like dad , not a cook . amy where be dad ? nick upstair . amy ( sighing ) as usual . int . attic , morning in the attic , wayne szalinski be put the finish touch on a electromagnetic pulse invention he have construct . a good - nature , easy - go guy with a phd in physics , Wayne hold a low - level job for a aerospace company and spend he weekend on he own work . a bit of a scatterbrain in term to day - to - day live , for Wayne , physics be easy .. , wear match sock be not . as Wayne putter , the family 's feisty little Yorkshire terrier , quark , watch , mystify . wayne this be it , quark . a red-letter day . he flick the switch . the machine begin to hum . the dog back towards the door . wayne a common laser device you say ? the dog 's ear flop up , form the canine version of a question mark . wayne wrong , quark . it 's a amazing electromag netic pulse device . if this honey work correctly , its computer scanner will hone in on a solid , inanimate object , analyze and isolate its molecular structure and , then , reduce the space between its electron . you know what that mean , do not you ? io quark stare , dumbfounded , at he master . C ) the teeny-weenies 6 wayne it will actually shrink the object . a boon to the space program . it will decrease the size and weight of payload send into space . quark yawn . Wayne walk over to a couch stand next to a wall and remove a apple from a paper bag . quark bark and spring to life , wag he tail furiously . could this be snacktime ? wayne nifty , huh ? he walk over to a large steel plate , the size of a wall , and place the apple on a pedestal . 2 wayne the only problem be : I have not get this thing to work yet . but I be close , quark . very , very close . quark , finally see that the apple be not he , walk back towards the door , deject . Wayne put on protective goggle and activate the double - beam machine . the two beam sparkle and come to life , buz harmlessly in the AIR . wayne adjust the control . the two beam intersect and form one , powerful , solid shaft of light . the beam hit the apple , engulfing it . a shadow of sparkling light shimmer along the outside of the apple . the apple vibrate . quark cower . Wayne lick he lip in anticipation , wait for the apple to shrink . wayne come on . shrink . shrink . there's a sudden blast . the wall , quark and wayne be cover with a SMALL shower of apple sauce . quark happily lick the sauce off he paw . Wayne sigh , turn off the machine , pick up he note and a pencil and flop down on he favorite couch . Wayne sit on it upside down , he sauce - spatter head dangle over the side . he stare into space . he see quark 's head loom before he , upside down . quark begin to lick the applesauce off he master 's face . wayne bummer , quark . the dog lick . wayne on the plus side , we have discover a very expensive way to make apple sauce . the teeny-weenies 7 the dog finish he facial snack and trot out of the room . Wayne begin make note . amy ( 0.s. ) dad ! come and get it . Wayne get up , tuck the pencil behind he right ear and walk out of the room , a beat . he return to the room and grab the papers he 's leave there , place the pencil down on the couch . he leave the room again , a beat . he come back in and pick up he pencil . he exit . int . szalinski kitchen , day Wayne wander into the kitchen , make note . he 's diligently study a haphazardly pile sheaf of papers in he hand , not at all watch where he 's go . Amy guide he - so he do not collide with either quark or Nick ( this be something of a tradition ) . Amy watch she dad . amy Dog . Wayne instinctively change the direction of he leave foot so as not to squash quark . amy Nicholas . waune pivot , still read he papers , so as not to smack into Nick . he make a move to sit down , amy sewing kit . Wayne have almost sit down on a small table housing a sewing basket . he lift he rear at the last minute and slide into the adjoin seat . Nick sigh and begin he morning routine . he pop a series of pill from prescription bottle and , then , insert a bronchial ashtma inhaler into he mouth . he take several darth vader -sound gulp before face the food , Amy serve what look like nuke - out bacon and slime egg to she father as Wayne , elbow on table , continue to pour through he note . amy elbow up . Wayne lift he elbow . she slide the breakfast beneath he . he put down he note and stare at the food . wayne ummm . look interesting . what be it ? a the teeny-weenies 8 amy ( embarrassed ) scramble egg . Wayne put a fork into they , the egg run through the prong . he stare at the food . Amy walk quickly towards a cabinet drawer , amy I will get you a spoon . her father reach for a slice of toast . it 's black . he make a move to butter it . the toast crumble on impact , he shrug and go back to he note , scribbling furiously . + amy do you pick up the refill on Nick 's inhaler , dad ? wayne ( still scribbling ) momon . amy dad . you promise , how could you forget ? you be pick up my dress from the cleaner next door . Wayne '' nmmmm 's '' ' and continue to scribble . amy you forget the dress , too ? no response . amy dad ! I need that dress ! there 's a school dance Friday night . nick nobody 's ask you to go . amy well , someone might ! wayne mmnonon , amy no wonder Mom leave , all you think about be that shrink machine . nick it 's not a shrink machine . it 's a amazing electromagnetic pulse device . Wayne continue to scribble . Nick look at he , expect a compliment . Amy givea Nick a " nyah nyah " glance . the teeny-weenies 9 amy ( mutter ) you be so obnoxious . the phone ring . Wayne stop scribbling and jump up to get it , take he note with he . Nick stir he egg . nick could I have a straw ? Amy snatch he plate away . amy look . if you do not want to eat it , fine . quark will . she dump the breakfast into the dog 's bowl . quark sniff it and back away , Nick flash Amy a know , smug smile . int . hallway , day Wayne run for the phone in the hallway , still juggling he papers . he pick up the receiver , glance at the note . it 's he wife , diane . wayne hello ? diane ( v.0 . ) Wayne ? it 's Diane . Wayne perk up . wayne oh , hi honey . gee , I be glad you call . we miss you a lot . how 's the new apartment . int . diane's apartment , day Diane , a pretty woman in she mid-to - late thirty , stand ' in a studio apartment fill with unpack box and crate . it 's clear she have not settle into she new lifestyle . diane just great . wonderful . Lovely . I just call to remind you to take you suit to the dry cleaner . wayne ( v.o0 . ) oh , yeah , right . of diane CD and do not forget the food shopping have to be do today . the teeny -weenies 10 } wayne ( v.o. ) jeeez , thanks for remind I . diane ( smile ) how 's the experiment go ? int . hallway , day wayne I be close . uh , really , really close . diane ( v.0 . ) well , I think I would wish you good luck today at the scientific congress . wayne thanks . I will need it . all I have be my theory but , honey , if they go for they , they could fund my work for the next year . it will be tough without physical proof , though . scientist be weird , diane ( v.o. ) I never would have guess . Wayne stand , flustered , at the phone . diane ( v.0 . ) Wayne ? about the divorce . wayne oh , yeah . the papers be ready ? diane ( v.0 . ) uh-huh , wayne ( visably shake ) I think it would take a little longer . int . diane's apartment diane well ... you really miss I ? wayne ( v.0 . ) a lot . one hundred per cent square . diane ( smile ) it 's funny . you never seem to notice I when I be around . wayne ( v.o. ) . 'o I know , honey . I have just be so pre- SI occupy with my work . why do not you come back home ? the teeny - weenies 11 J int . hallway , day as Diane talk , Wayne find himself stare at he note . diane ( v.0 . ) Wayne , I miss you . I miss the kid . bo you think we can ever be a family again ? a real family ? silence . Wayne gape at he note . diane ( v.o0 . ) Wayne ? wayne ( excited ) of course ! I know exactly what go wrong ! diane ( enthuse , v.o. ) really ? what ? wayne ( stare at note ) it should have be x over y , not y over x . the beam do not meld ! they collide ! int , diane's apartment , day diane you have not hear anything I have say , have you ? wayne ( v.0 . ) I do . I say I miss you and you say ... something back . int . hallway , day she slam the phone down hard . click . wayne Diane ? Diane ? he put down the phone . Amy be stand next to he . wayne uh , that be mom . she say ' hi . ' we have a bad connection . amy I think Nick and I would visit she today . wayne uh , no need . she 's come over sometime this weekend . int . house , day Wayne walk through the house , collect he hat and coat the teeny -weenies 12 } and stuff he papers into he briefcase . his kid trail behind he . he toss on a very loud tie and head for the front door . he still hold a notepad in he hand . he 's study it as he head for the door . he reach for the doorknob and miss . Amy open the door for he . amy good luck , dad . wayne hmmomn . nick good luck ! Wayne walk out the door . Amy close it behind he . Amy and Nick sigh and glance at each other . they mouth the word '' one , two , three ... " there 's a knock at the door . it 's Wayne . wayne wish I luck , guy . amy / nick good luck , dad . wayne I will only be go for a few hour . Wayne head for the car . Amy ease the door close , a wistful expression on she face , ext . szalinski home , day walk towards he car , Wayne encounter Russ and mae Johnson . mae be busily tend to she pride and joy : she all - encompass flowerbed . Big Russ still wear he cap . big russ hey , szalinski , work on a Saturday ? wayne yeah , Russ , you know how it be . big russ I think maybe you would fix up you yard today . it 's get to look like a jungle . wayne taken care of . I hire the pervis boy to cut the grass . big russ you house could use some spruce up , too . o the teeny -weenies 13 mae ( nudging Russ ) Russell . Wayne sigh . he 's be through this before . wayne tell you what , Russ . if you would like , I will hire you company to fix it up . how 's that ? big russ no way . olympian construction do not diddle with small job . we only tackle the Big stuff . Wayne shrug and get into he car . wayne well , maybe someday I will get a bigger house . . mae chuckle at Wayne drive off . big russ egghead . I oughtta .... . mae forget about it . big russ yeah . he would not expect that . mae leave , turn she attention to the flower on the side of the house . Big Russ look around . reaching under he hat , he pull out a pack of cigarettes . he produce a bent cigarette , sniff it , straighten it , place it in he mouth and be about to light up when .... : mae ( 0.s8 . ) Russell . you be not think of smoking , be you ? he remove the cigarette , stashes the pack and call back sweetly . _ big russ no , dear . you know I have give that up . int . szalinski kitchen , day meanwhile , in the szalinski kitchen , Nick sit in the window with quark , where he 's construct a small town make out of Lego ( tiny plastic brick ) . he take a whiff of he asthma inhaler as quark begin to growl . quark spot the Johnson 's cat , cicero , in the Johnson yard . the cat be twice as big as the dog . the teeny - weenies 14 ( } : nick forget it , quark . ext . johnson backyard , day in the Johnson backyard , ron have disappear momentarily . Don sit in the tent , gaze into the fierce " jungle '' through binocular . they pet cat , cicero , walk up and stare into they . Don blink and look up . Little Russ continue to work out . ron reappear , walk over to don. cicero pay no mind . ron wanna have some real fun ? don you be not go to try to shave cicero again , be you ? the cat tense . ron no , better than that . come on . ron be hide something behind he back . he take Don to the fence seperate the two yard and produce a bottle of syrup . ron watch this . don do mom know you have that ? ron do not answer . he pour a healthy wad of syrup on the fence . fly begin to . land on it . they get trap in it . ron be delighted . ron ( to fly ) gotcha . don what 's so exciting about this ? ron the real fun come when we feed they to spider . don Gross . : ron hey , they be only bug . Big Russ walk , disgruntled , into the yard . he spot the twin , frown , and walk towards they . the teeny -weenies 15 a . nu don ~— here come dad . he look mad , ron dad 's always mad . even when he 's happy . ron , think fast , ditch the syrup . it land in the szalinski yard nextdoor , where the bottle empty onto a patch of grass . big russ what be you two up to ? ron nothing , dad . we be just watch bug . right , don? don uh , yeah . big russ well , do not watch the bug in the szalinski yard . watch you own bug . Big Russ walk over towards Little Russ as mae enter the yard to tend to some of the flower back there . Don turn - to ron and point to the syrup . don Mom 's go to miss that syrup . ron yeah . right . like she take inventory of the refrigerator every day . don ( shrugging ) wanna play ball ? ron only if I bat . Big Russ approach Little Russ as the boy work out . big russ better get a move on , son . you be go to be late for football practice . little russ uh...dad .... the boy sit up and face he father . c3 big russ se you get to get out there early to get the edge on the other guy . > sae the teeny-weenies 16 little russ ( awkwardly ) dad . I be not on the team anymore , I be cut . big russ «eel know coach farrell always want he player there on it ... what ? little russ - I be cut . I be too short and too light . big russ who say so ? little russ coach farrell . big russ oh he do , do he ? well , bernie farrell and I go back a long time . we play together . I use to knock he on he keister regularly . Little Russ sigh . big russ who the hell do he think he be ? I will get he on the phone , make he realize how impor - tant be on that team be to you ! little russ you do not have to , dad . it 's okay . big russ it 's not okay . you be the son of Big Russ Johnson . little russ dad , please . Big Russ leave the yard . mae sidle over to Little Russ and smile . mae you tell he ? : little russ he do not take it too well . mae do not worry . I will cool he down . she fix a stern look on she face and march towards the backdoor . the teeny -weenies 17 cy Little Russ stare down at the weight . he sigh and gaze ~ up at the sky , defeat . he glance into the next yard . Amy be toss a frisbee with quark . he smile at she . she look away . Russ sigh and return to pump iron . the twin be now play ball . Don pitch a ball to ron who proceed to swat the ball high into the air . his " home run " wind up miss Little Russ by inch . the ball whizze by cicero . the cat screech . Little Russ doens't even have to look up to realize who 's do the damage . little russ knock it off , ron . ron but I be Don . little russ you be go to be dead meat in a minute . ron continue to swat the ball . Nick , interested , call to they from the kitchen window . nick better watch out . you might hit that bee~hive . he point to a hive in a tree that straddle both yard . ron be not impressed . ron what do you know about baseball , baby - brain ? you can not play . ron swing at the next pitch and connect . the ball miss the bee-hive by inch , rebound off the tree and bounce back down into the yard . Don flash he brother a smug smile . ron gulp . he face Nick . ron lucky guess . for he next turn at bat , however , he change the angle of he bat position , Nick , not want to take any chance , pull the screen down on the window , knock a few lego off the windowsill and into the yard . nick be can kill you . if you be allergic . I be allergic . I could die if I get stung . D good ! ron take a fast swing and send the pitch sailing over the ron o the teeny-weenies 18 fence seperate the two yard . the ball seem to take forever to reach its target ... it smashes through the szalinski 's attic window . there be a terrifyingly long second of silence . all the kid exchange petrify glance . don / ron uh-oh . Little Russ leap to he foot . little russ what have you two do this time ? the twin point to each other simultaneously . don / ron he do it . little russ great . you bust the egghead 's window . Nick trot out of the house , horrify . Amy run over to the fence and yell at all three boy . amy can not you kid be careful ? look what you have do , my dad be go to kill I when he come home . and I be go to tell they who do it , too . little russ they be sorry ... be not you . ron yeah . he 's sorry . don you be the one who hit it . ron you throw it . int . szalinski attic , day in the attic , we see the ball perch precariously on a ledge directly above the machine 's innerworkings . it be slowly teeter on the edge . it roll off and smashes into the intricate , computer chip-lade gut of the machine , nestle in front of the power source of one of the two particle beam " cannon . " the gizmo sputter to life . a complicated computer , replete with screen , be hook up to what look like two laser the teeny - weenies 19 " cannon . " the computer , which analyze anything place before the particle beam , go haywire . the two gun - like device begin jerk back and forth and up and down , only one of the barrel function , however , firing wildly in short , crazy , stacatto burst . zzzap . the beam hit wayne's couch . there's a loud pop , it's shrunken to miniature size . bzap . pop . a chair goe next . zip . pop . there goe a trunk . ext , szalinski yard , day in the backyard , Russ calm Amy down . little russ we will get the window fix . we will pay for it out of the twin ' allowance . don but I do not do anything . ron yeah . if anyone should pay for it , it should be baby - brain . he make I move . amy I hear what Nick tell you . you would have get stung by that bee and die if it be not for Nick . ron my hero . nick actually , very few people die from bee sting . unless , you be allergic . I be allergic . ron snort derisively . Amy shoot Nick a dirty look . she hate it when Nick act smart . which be almost all the time . don ( to Amy ) can we at least have we ball back ? ron ( lay it on thick ) puleeeeze ? amy oh , all right . Nick ? take they upstairs and give : they they ball . nick come on . '' the teeny-weenies 20 Nick lead the twin into the house . amy and Little Russ be leave stand awkwardly in the yard . Amy be several inch taller . she try to slouch . little russ I be really sorry . amy you should be . little russ uh-huh . ( beat ) I see you throw the frisbee to the dog . you be pretty good . amy thank you . little russ ummmm . ever play with people ? int , attic , day Nick take the twin . into the attic to retrieve the ball . the machine , at present , seem harmless enough . only we see the computer screen tracking the children' movement , Don and ron be amaze at the gizmo . don : wow ! look at this stuff . it 's right out of Star Trek . nick it 's my dad 's , he work for a aerospace company . don ( look for the ball ) you dad 's a mad scientist ? nick no . he 's pretty calm . ron just look for the ball , okay ? ron walk offscreen . the kid look for the ball . while they search , the working laser cannon begins tracking ron' movement , aid by the computer . no one notice . Don look at Nick . Nick be stand , face the wall , frown . don what 's up ? nick I do not know . something 's different . the teeny-weenies 21 Don step on something . it crunch . curious , Don bend towards the floor . don hey , ron . look at this neat stuff , he get down on all four and stare at the floor . the attic furniture be there , 1 / 4 inch tall . don it look like the prize you get in crackerjack box , only better . we hear a loud " pop . " a flash of light burst from offscreen . Don turn around . don ron ? ron ? do not play around . nick : hey ! all my mom 's stuff be go ! Nick turn around in time to see the stacatto beam connect on don . don be immediately shrunk , the ENERGY of the process causing a resounding bang and a flash of light . Nick be toss onto the floor . he crawl to where Don have stand . Nick stare at the floor . both ron and Don be there , as teeny - weeny as can be . nick it work ! the machine begin to aim its laser cannon on Nick . Nick 's elation fizzle . nick it work ? he make a move for the door . bzaaap . the beam smashes into one of diane's sewing dummy . wham . nick freeze . the force of the ENERGY " pop " close the attic door . nick gulp and tries to run for the door . bzaaap , pop ! nick be hit and shrunk before he can take two step . ext . szalinski yard , day both Amy and Russ grow restless . amy I be go upstairs . that brother of yours better not be teasing Nick . you may not be able to control they , but I can . she turn to go inside , put she hand on the railing . she C ) a the teeny-weenies 22 pull she hand back , terrify . amy waaargegeh ! little russ what be it ? what 's the matter ? amy a bug . a bug . I hate bug . it touch I . Little Russ take he finger and " ping " the unseen bug off the stoop . it land on the ground . he take he foot and squash it . little russ better ? amy ( sooo mature ) hmph . murderer . she storm inside . Russ be leave in the yard . quark walk up to he , wag he tail . little russ you be lucky you be a dog . int , attic , day Amy enter the attic . amy . . Nick ? bzzzaaap . amy be shrunk . she find herself on the vast floor of the attic , together with the three other child . the foursome find themselves 1 / 4 inch tall , strand on a vast wooden plain . shrunken furniture be everywhere . the twin be not at all pleased . don I do not know how you do it , but you do it . ron I do not do anything . it be that machine , don you must have touch it . ron you be the one who like it . I think it be junk . the teeny -weenies 23 ( > , amy shut up ! both of you ! Nick ? she walk over to she brother , who be mesmerize by the tower machine . amy what happen ? where be we ? nick we have not go anywhere , we be : still here . we have be shrink , that 's all . amy that 's all ? ext . szalinski yard , day Little Russ sit next to quark when a tall , gangly kid enter the yard . it 's tommy pervis , munch on a ever - present bag of oreo . tommy hey , Russ . Mr. szalinski around ? little russ naaah . tommy if you see he , tell he I will be .a little late mow he lawn . I gotta go shopping with my mom , she want I to get new shoe . he point to he jogging shoe . they be fall apart . tommy stupid , huh ? this be just get good . Russ smile at Tommy exit . tommy catch you later . little russ yeah , later , pervis . Russ sit in the yard a beat . he then get up and stand under the attic window . little russ hey , you guy ! come on down ! no answer . he walk up to the back door and slowly swing it open , the teeny - weenies 24 ( ) little russ Don ? ron ? he enter the house . quark be leave outside , whining . int . attic , day Russ slowly enter the attic . little russ guy ? nothing seem amiss . the shrunken kid , on the floor , spot Little Russ , now a olympian giant . don look out ! ron go back ! amy go get help ! get my dad ! Russ do not hear the teeny - weeny , let alone see they . he glance suspiciously around the attick . hear a strange buzzing sound , he turn around in time to see the laser cannon bobbing up and down , aiming in he direction . the stacatto beam begin firing at he . russ begins jumping up and down , back and forth , ducking and dodging the burst oflight the best he can . he's a moving target caught in a particle beam shoot gallery . the machine -gun -like beam zip all around he . every time he titanic foot hit the attic floor , the teeny - weenie kid be toss up and down into the air , the victim of a boy-made earthquake . they try to struggle to they foot and stay upright but it 's a lose battle . every time they stand up , they be throw to the ground again . Little Russ move towards they . one of he giant foot smashes the trunk to a pulp . the kid scurry about , try to stay out of the way of Russ ' tennis shoe . Don slip down into a crack between two floor board as one of the shoe hurty down towards the floor . ron hit the deck as the shoe come down atop he . he 's so small , however , that he fit inbetween one of the groove on the shoe ' sole . the shoe return skyward , leave ron unhurt . Russ continue he wild dance as the beam skitter by he . . finally , he duck when he should have dodged . the beam '' connect . bzzzaaap . pow ! at Russ be now insect -size , too . he lie on the floor , moan , totally in shock . the teeny - weenies 25 meanwhile , the baseball , still balanced on the machinery , tumble off the invention and onto the floor . it roll , poulder -size , towards the kid . they scatter . Amy stand , freeze in she track , as the ball head directly for she . nick Amy ! Russ see what 's go on and get to he foot . in the best of football style , he tackle the frighten girl . they both go tumble out of the way of the titanic ball . the ball barrel into the rest of the tiny piece of furniture , flatten most of they , Amy and Russ stare at each other as the twin and Nick run up to they . Russ help Amy to she foot . little russ be you all right ? amy Fine , thank you . without the baseball put pressure on its inner - working , the machine hiss to a halt and shut down , the kid stand , confuse , on the vast attic floor . the reality of the situation hit they at once . Amy turn angrily towards Russ . amy why do not you go for help ? little russ how be I to know what be go on up here ? amy you could have look for we . little russ I do . amy ~ well , then , you should have move faster . ducked the beam . she stand , look down at he . he raise himself on he toe . little russ yeah . like you get out of the way of the ball , right ? what do we do now ? amy I guess we just wait until dad get home . he will know what to do . the teeny-weenies 26 don if he do not ... he will step on we . that remark visably shake ron . ron what ???? nick do not worry . ron ( recover ) who 's worried ? I be ... bored . int . hall , day at the science convention , Wayne 's theory be greet by the seriousness usually reserve for henny youngman routine . he 's in front of a equation - laden blackboard , hold he papers in he hand . one young , arrogant scientist , frederickson , be particularly hard on Wayne . frederickson what you be try to say be that size be relative , eh , mister szalinski ? wayne ( annoyed ) yes , I be , Professor frederickson . frederickson that 's the most idiotic thing I have ever hear , size be definitive . what 's big be big . what 's small be small . the crowd seem to agree with frederickson . wayne you be wrong ! frederickson where 's you proof ? you have no proof ! Wayne be stick and he know it . wayne when Einstein come up with theory that lead to the Atomic bomb , you do not ask he to blow one up , do you ? frederickson you , Mr. szalinski , be no Einstein . the crowd laugh . frederickson , sneering , get up and walk out . the rest of the scientist follow , leave Wayne alone at the podium , a older scientist , dr . brainard , walk up CO the teeny-weenies 27 to Wayne . wayne oh , hello , Dr. brainard . brainard do not take it so hard , Wayne , you idea be very innovative . it will take time to convince people , even I have have my share of problem with committee . Wayne put he note in he briefcase , wayne ( sadly ) they even laugh at my tie . brainard stare at Wayne 's loud tie . brainard do not feel badly . anyone would laugh at that tie . ext . szalinski house , day Wayne 's car pull up in front of he home . Wayne walk up towards the house , crestfallen . int . hallway , day quark run up to greet he , bark . wayne ( softly ) hiya , quark . okay . treat . I know . int . kitchen , day Wayne walk into the kitchen and give quark a milkbone . the dirty dish be still in the sink , Wayne make a mental note of that and call out into the back yard . wayne Amy ? Nick ? int . attic , day upstair , the kid perk up . nick it 's dad ! the kid begin yell . amy up here ! the teeny-weenies 28 little russ we be up here ! don Mr. szalinski ! ron yo ! nick dad ! int . hallway , day Wayne walk through the house . wayne kid ? I be home . Amy ? Nick ? int . kitchen , day no reply . Wayne shrug . he take off he loud tie , look at it , frown and place it in the garbage can in the kitchen ; one of the foot- pedal model with a plastic bag liner . it 's fill with Amy 's sorta-scrambled egg . glumly , Wayne walk upstairs towards the attic . int . attic , day he step inside and see the break glass from the window . wayne great . just great . the kid be scream to get he attention . amy dad ! we be down here ! little russ Mr. szalinskil ! ron egghead ! Don punch ron on the arm . ron uh , Mr. szalinski ! Wayne see that glass fragment be scattered on the top of he machine . that do not exactly make he day . the teeny -weenies 29 wayne what else can go wrong ? he back over to where he old , reliable couch once stand and sit down , there 's no couch . he go crash down onto the floor . the force of the impact send the teeny - weeny tumble onto the ground , Wayne scramble to he foot . wayne oh , jeez . not my couch ! that 's it ! that do it ! I have have it ! I have have it with everything ! he storm out of the room . the kid squeak in protest . amy dad ! come back ! '' nick he can not hear you . little russ I think you dad be go to save we . amy he be upset . little russ great . amy well , he have every right to be . this ... twirp smashed he machine with they baseball . ron who be you call a twirp , beanpole ? int . hallway , day meanwhile , Wayne dial the phone . diane ( v.0 . ) this be Diane szalinski . I be not home right now , but if you leave a message after the beep , I will get back to you as soon as I can . wayne ( outrage ) this be Wayne szalinski . you husband . I do not mind you take you stuff out of the house when I be not home . but we couch ? my fost think couch ? cont . the teeny -weenies 30 ( 3 wayne ( cont . ) " and where be the kid ? I would appreciate it if you return they when you be do with they !!! he slam the phone down . quark be sit at the foot of the stair lead up to the attic , whining . wayne nobody like a whiner , quark . the dog continue to whine . Wayne sigh , bend down and pet the dog . wayne except I , int . attic , day the ground beneath the kid begin to shimmy . footstep rumble ominously in the background . Nick jump excitedly . nick it 's dad ! he 's come back ! Amy . stare at something high above she as a shadow fall over they all . amy oh , not Wayne have return with the kitchen trashcan , a broom and a dustpan . the kid cling to each other as Wayne begin sweeping up the shard of break glass . Dust swirl everywhere around the kid as Wayne sweep around the machine . finish , he then turn to where the kid be huddle . little russ scatter . the child attempt to run . it 's no use . they be catch by the broom . the kid attempt to cling to the fray strand at the edge of the broom . no luck . they be sweep into the dustpan . Wayne carry the dustpan over to the open garbage can . in the dustpan , the kid be scream . 4 amy dad , please ! ~~ ne —_ ns the teeny-weenies 31 nick do not ! little russ Mr. szalinski ! it 's we ! ron knock it off ! don stop ! the camera follow the kid as they go tumbling through space toward the trash . int . trashcan , day they hit wad of junk and go slide about . suddenly . darkness . int . attic , day Wayne have close the lid on the trashcan . he carry it downstairs , int . kitchen , day quark whine madly at Wayne 's foot . Wayne try to ignore the dog . he lift the bag out of the trashcan , tie the top with a small green wire and make a move to go into the backyard to place the trash at the rear of the property . quark bark and try to follow . wayne quark . this be not for you . it 's garbage . you have have you treat . he slam the door in the dog 's face . '' ext , szalinski backyard , day Wayne walk to the back of the yard . he place the bag down near the rear fence , next to several other garbage bag . he then return to the house . int . kitchen , day quark whine and bark . Wayne sit down , deject , at the kitchen table . wayne quark ! not now , okay ? the dog , see that Wayne be in no mood for audio delight , slink off into he corner and lie , pensively , -~ the teeny-weenies 32 in he dog bed , glance at the door lead outside . ext . szalinski backyard , day in the yard , the garbage bag lean against the rear fence . int . trashbag , day Inside , in almost total darkness , the kid pull themselves through fast mound of garbage and stand on a amazingly straight surface . they huddle together , scared and silent . ron and Don scrape some of the slime egg off they shoulder . don yeechhhh . ron what be this junk ? more of you dad 's experiment ? amy they be egg . ron peeee-yoooo . silence . the kid gaze glumly into the darkness . Nick speak . slowly . quietly . nick unless we get out of here , we be go to be take to the dump in two day . Amy and Russ exchange somber glance . Don reach into he pocket . he nudge he brother . ron suddenly grin and reach into he pocket . both boy produce pen knife . ron lion scout to the rescue ! both boy tear into the thick side of the bag . the kid gather behind they . ron quit shove . amy we be not . the child , perch on garbage tilt on a angle , be lean on the twin . as the twin cut further , the garbage shift more , the twin finally rip a hole in the bag . the angle of the garbage cause the child to tumble out of the sack . a fistful of garbage slide out along with they . the teeny -weenies 33 don / ron oh- oh . int . szalinski backyard , day the kid and the garbage land in the yard below with a splat . the kid stumble to they foot , make disgust face while scraping the bit of egg and bacon off they . ron ( proudly ) nothing to it . he ceremoniously slide he knife back into he pocket . all the kid stop what they be do and gape at what lie ahead . they be confront by a world unlike anything they have ever see . from they quarter- inch height , the backyard be a totally alien landscape : large , green , never-end ... dangerous , . before they like a redwood forest -size sea of grass , shadow - leaden and forbode with only a stray ray of sunlight or two illuminate the ground , the child stare somberly into the dark forestland . the Johnson kid stand together . Nick stand at Amy 's side . Amy begin think outloud , : amy as we only hope be to get back to the house . . if dad 's machine can shrink we , it can enlarge we , too . right , Nick ? Nick gape at the never-end terrain stretch out before he . he be stunne . - nick ( softly ) I suppose he could reverse the process . amy good . then all we have to do be get across the yard . Nick stare at the yard . he begin to cough . he pull out he inhaler and take several gulp . little russ ( to Amy ) what 's he problem ? amy ( softly ) asthma , Nick continue to wheeze . amy ( to Russ ) ( ' look . maybe you and you brother have better go back to the house on you own . I do not know if Nick can make it . the teeny -weenies 34 rn : little russ lf that do not sound very .... ron the beanpole 's right . the whimpoid will just slow we down . amy can it , motormouth . ron turn to don. ron I hate girl who be bigger than I . Amy turn to Russ . amy you can come back for we later . Nick overhear and turn on Amy angrily . nick I can make it . amy you know how you get when you be outside too long . you can not breathe . nick I can do it . the kid gaze deep into the bobdingnagian forest . little russ okay . so the plan be to get back to the house , right ? kide ( in unison ) right . they stand there a moment longer , look at each other . amy which way ? little russ ' straight ahead , I guess . the kid wander deeper into the underbrush , there be very little light . they can not see the sky . they can hear noise - all around they . buzz . crackle . chomping . suddenly , aaa ron give out with a tarzan yell . the kid almost drop dead ( > from heart attack . the teeny-weenies 35 cy little russ 7 knock it off . ron hey , this be a adventure , right ? little russ give I a break . ron do not pick on I . you be not even sure we be go the right way . little russ ( to Amy ) hmm . he have a point . ' ext , forest / yard , day he shinny up a blade of grass . at the top , he stare into the distance . ext . szalinski house , day there , loom like a monolithic presence , surround by the swirl fog of debris , be the szalinski of house ... seemingly a hundred mile away . from Russ 's vantage of point , it look like mt. Hood view from a great distance . ext . forest / yard , day the kid cluster around the base of the grass blade . amy can you see the house ? little russ sure can . Nick breathes a sigh of relief and begin to cough . he take he asthma inhaler out and give himself a darth vader shot as Russ shinny down the grass , little russ we can probably get there by sundown , follow I . amy wait a minute . you do not know you way around this yard . you could walk we into a ditch . little russ ( patiently ) I be the oldest , okay ? oo '' the teeny -weenies 36 co amy you be not . besides , I be the biggest . ron but you be a girl . Nick clear he throat . nick you be both the oldest . why do not you both take charge ? Amy and Russ eye each other cautiously . little russ sound good . amy ( reluctantly ) well , okay . Amy and Russ walk off . the three other boy fall in behind . ext . forest / yard , . day Amy and Russ be in the lead . Amy gaze in awe at the titanic landscape . amy you forget just how big this world can be sometimes . little russ when you be short , you think about that a lot . Amy decide to let that one pass . amy do you really think we can make it back to the house today ? little russ I do not know . it look pretty far . I do not want to scare the kid , though . look . I know we be not friend or anything , but we have to act like we know what we be do . if the little kid get discourage , they will punk out on we . amy ( smile ) . I will be the mommy and you be the daddy . = little russ I be not fool around . the teeny-weenies 37 amy ( sullenly ) I know . ext . forest / yard , day Don glance over he shoulder . he see something and cock he head . he nudge Nick . Nick turn as well . in the distance , the grass be blow wildly . first , in one direction , then , in another . a few piece of twig fall up into the AIR . don pretty weird . nick look ! a mammoth dandelion suddenly launch itself into space , Nick and Don exchange fishy look . they turn back to the other . before they can speak , the SOUND of prolonged thunder rip through the forest . there appear to be a real storm brewing . blast of wind howl through the oversize blade of grass . Russ be get uneasy . little russ we would better get move . the earth begins to shake violently beneath the kide . they be toss this way and that . they manage to get back onto they foot by cling to the tree-size root of the grass and weed . the whole world seem .to be in turmoil . squail of wind and dust fly everywhere . little russ earthquake ! Nick squint into the grit , wheeze . nick worse ! lawnmower ! the kid gape at the approach cause of the maelstrom . the oreo~munching pervis boy , now the size of the jolly GREEN giant , be pushing a king kong - size power mower . the gas - powered machine be shredd grass and tossing the debris into a bag attached to its rear . some of the debris , however , miss the bag and come crashing down onto the forest floor like a avalanche of uprooted tree . the kid scramble to they foot and try to outrun the machine , it 's no use . large , boulder -size piece of grass be smash onto the ground all around they . little russ get down ! get down ! the teeny-weenies 38 stand , Russ try to get all the child flat onto the ground . a blast of wind send he fly through space some ten foot . amy Russell !!!! the terrify child cling to the ground , Russ slowly crawis back towards they . the child huddle together as the titanic mower pass over the section of the yard where russ have just made it back from . grass be obliterated , sucked into the AIR . the dirt be -alternately be blasted helter -skelter across the floor of the yard and be sucked straight up into the AIR . the massive machine head for the teeny-weenies . little russ hold on tight ! above they , the circular bottom of the mower hover , like a ominous mothership from some hellish planet . the blade whirl madly . the suction cause the grass around the child to uproot and blast off toward the blade . the kid cling to each other , they foot begin lift from the ground , be draw to the mower by its tremendous suction . Russ try to pull the small child down to the ground , they be slowly be lift . little russ grab hand ! grab hand ! the kid form a human wheel , like earthbound skydiver in formation . they anchor each other as . the mower pass directly over they . Don hold onto one of Amy 's hand and one of Russ 's . he let out a brief , terrify shriek as a huge blast of suction lift he legs into the AIR . he lose he grip . he be torn from the grasp of he companion . ron Don ! ron stare , horrify , at the sight of he brother , swirling high above he , be sucked into the cloud of dust and debris hovering beneath the churning blade . in the middle of a dust - filled limbo , we see don cling frantically to a tree - trunk size stem , he feet still be yanked upward . the mower whirl above the rest of the kide for another , long second . the noise of the motor be deafening , sounding the teeny -weenies 39 of > like a maddened dinosaur . a large , brand new sneaker nd smashes down onto the ground with a crash near they , the kid be buffete about . gradually , the noise subside . the mower move on . the thunder of the footstep fade away . the kid climb out from beneath a blanket of shred grass , slab of green about the size of surfboard . ron be the first one to run off , ron Don ! Don ! the other child follow he , ron he 's in here somewhere , he have to be . the child begin search beneath the shard of grass for the miss boy . they can not find he . little russ Don ! be amy ~ Donald ! CC ron Don ? do not kid around . come on out . the kid continue to search beneath the grass . Nick begin panting . he 's tear into the grass with all he might . after a tense minute or so , the child stop they search , ron gape at the shred grass . ron Don ... mow down at the age of ten . don ( 0o.s . ) hey ! over here ! whoah . ext , forest / yard , day the kid turn as one and see that , a city block away , Don be appear and disappear over a small forest of grass . he be literally bounce up and down out of view . the kid run forward , the child run forward and enter .... for ext . flowerbed / yard , day cu the child run into what appear to be a giant forest the teeny -weenies 40 '' fill with flower ; actually , it 's just a few foot of a i mee overgrown wild flowerbed sit in the yard , Don be bounce up and down on a flower , use it like a | trampoline . unfortunately , he have no control of he bounce , ron you jerk ! you will do anything for attention ! don whoaaaaahhh , ron do not mess around , Don . don I do not do anything . ron make a move to grab he brother off the flower , he keep on miss he . on the fifth or sixth bounce , Don wind up tumble onto the ground . he get up to he foot . he 's shakey and there 's a lopside grin on he face . : everyone hug Don except ron . when the other kid be do , ' Don stand , smile at he brother . he hug ron. ron ) brushes he aside . : ron you be a real turkey , you know that ? ext . giant flowerbed , day Amy and Russ , with the knowledge that Don be safe , take in the flowerbed . they stare , transfix , at the olympian swath of color . for amy : it 's beautiful . Russ stare at Amy . she face he , beam . slightly embarrassed , he look away . little russ : yeah . it 's okay . ron check out the flower , unimpress . he get a idea . he nudge Don . the twin grin at the flower . ron turn to Don . they smile in unison , ron / don . recess ! . they run by Nick towards the flower . Nick , catch in they ( ) wake , go spin . he land on the ground in . sit ned position . for one , brief moment , the kid act like total child . it 's as if they have stumble onto paradise . Amy the teeny-weenies 41 and Russ stand behind Nick . nick it look like Oz . the twin discover that the short flower make perfect trampoline , they begin bounce up and down and from one flower to another . ron give another tarzan yell . don up , up and awaaay ! little russ be careful . you might hurt yourselves . he catch himself . little russ I can not believe I say that . he turn and see that Amy have fashioned a hula skirt around she belt from large flower pedal . amy oh , honey . I just have to have this dress . little russ ( grin ) cut it out , willya ? amy please , dear . we can charge it , Nick giggle . the twin leap by a " puff " flower . the flower disintegrate and rain down a shower of flowery " snow . " the clear really begin look like a fairyland , now . Nick get up and start wheeling joyfully through the " snow . " soon , he begin to sneeze . he pull out he asthma inhaler and take a whiff . amy be you okay ? nick uh-huh . it 's my hayfever . I be fine . he smile . pocket he inhaler . puff out he chest . he march straight for the flower , determine to have fun , the twin be whooping and rebound wildly from flower to flower . Nick hesitantly try a bounce on a nearby flower . he land awkwardly . he try another bound . a another . he lose he balance and wind up tumble onto the ground . he look around , embarrassed . Amy and Russ have see he and a the teeny -weenies 42 laugh . Nick grin , realize that the laughter be not malicious . he get back onto the flower and begin bounce away , gradually get the hang of it . nick ( almost whisper ) yahooo . gather courage , he let out a full whoop . nick yahooooooo !!!! ext . szalinski yard , day , aerial Pov we hear , very faintly , the sound of the frolick child , as we soar high above the yard , a deafening buz SOUND echoing in our ear . ext , yard / forest , day Amy and Russ watch the young child play . Russ glance at the sun . he call to the kid on the flower . little russ okay . it 's time to move on . Nick stop bounce immediately . ron and Don continue play . little russ come on , guy . ron no way , Jose . little russ I be not kid . I be count to five . ron ( to Don ) he 's beginning to sound a lot like dad . don scary , huh ? little russ Ronald . Donald . amy ( to Russ ) try to control that two , will you ? ron notice Nick 's hesitation . the little boy be obviously wait for a cue from the twin . the teeny-weenies 43 ron what be you stop for ? we be have fun , right ? Nick nod , nick but Russ say ... ron ( mimick ) " but Russ say . " what a wuss . Russ walk forward and snatch Don off a flower . Don quietly stand by he side . Russ then pull ron off a flower . ron be struggle . ron hey . cut it out ! you wanna hurt I or something ? I will tell mom ! . russ ( quietly ) look . there 's something you would both better understand . we be in a lot of trouble , okay ? this be not a game . we could die out here and no one would notice . the only way we be go to get out of this be if we all help each other . get that ? ron uh-huh , Little Russ , think it 's all settle , turn he back on the twin . ron immediately run back to a flower and launch himself , again , on a flower - trampoline . ron . but first .... playtime . the twin start bounce again , Nick laugh and resume as well , Amy and Russ exchange exasperate glance . ext , szalinski yard , day , aerial Pov with the buz droning in our ear , something shadowy swoops down toward the child , still romping far below US . ext . forest / yard , day Amy and Russ watch the young child play . Amy stiffen . she hear a faint buzzing . amy what 's that ? the teeny-weenies 44 ( oo little russ se sound like a buzzsaw . it 's probably my dad . i Amy stare at the sky around she . amy it 's come from different direction , little russ naaaah . it 's just you ear play trick on you . 1 ! amy will you shut up and listen ? Russ glower but do as he 's tell . the buzzing seem to be come from all around they . Russ be get nervous . the three young child gradually slow down they bounce . ron , Don and Nick stand on they flower , head cocked . the noise around they grow louder and louder . the flower bed sound like the street of London just before the Nazi blitz . the dron be overwhelming . Amy scream and point as a dark cloud fall upon the child . 's a titanic honeybee hover over the flowerbed . little russ hit the dirt ! the twin dive off the flower and run in one direction . Nick run in another . Amy and Russ retreat together . the bee begins flying from flower to flower , extracting pollen , stuffing the sticky yellow STUFF into " basket " on its rear ! legs . from the child 's Pov , the bee be the size of a fly vw van . Nick crouch beneath a flower , wheeze . the bee alight directly next to he . the pollen - gather bee descend lower and lower . Nick tremble , try to hold he breath . Amy make a move to yell . Russ put a hand around she mouth , little russ shhhhh . Nick watch , horrify , as the bee get closer and closer . he 's almost hyperventillate . the bee suddenly scoops nick up and plaster he onto one of he hind legs with the sticky slab of pollen . Amy break away from Russ and run towards the bee , the teeny - weenies 45 amy Nick ! a S ron and Don gape at each other , don Holy ... ron cow ! Nick be half - smother in pollen , nick Amy ! Russ spring forward and , sprinting in front of Amy , leap onto a flower , use it as a trampoline . little russ wait here ! the bee , satiated , begins to take off . Russ bounce from flower to flower , finally sailing through the air towards the bee . he dive onto the back of the retreating bee . nick Russell ! help ! Amy and the twin watch , fearfully , as the bee , along with nick and russ , disappear in the sky . the hum noise fade into the distance . the twin stand , transfix , ron now , what ? amy we do as you brother tell we . we wait . ext . sky , day meanwhile , on the back of the bee , russ get a breathtaking ( and dizzy ) ride high above the yard . the bee twist and turn , russ struggling to get control of the insect by grabbing its wing . the problem be , half of the time , he's almost sliding off the bee's back . nick squirm in the pollen on the bee's back leg . nick Russ ! Russ ! little russ hold on tight , Nick . hold on ! the bee continue to careen over the yard , quite annoyed the teeny -weenies 46 om with its surprise baggage . ext . yard , day near the house , we see the pervis boy surveying the newly cut grass . ext . sky , day Russ still struggle for control of the bee , he look up . the bee be heading straight for the pervis boy' head . little russ pervis !!!! look out !! nick heyl !!! ext .. yard , day we hear the tiny voice of the teeny - weeny call out . so do the pervis boy , sort of . confused , he start swatting at the bee , tommy g'wan . getoutta here . the bee dodge and duck the boy 's swing . ext . sky , day the bee swing away from the pervis boy just as russ grab its wing , giving they a solid yank . unable to control its flight , the bee begins a spiraling dive toward the ground . russ / nick woaaaaaaaaahhhhhh ! i!!1 !! ! ext . yard , jungle , day the bee land nose first with a sickening crash .... sending both boy tumbling off . the insect and the two boy lay , inert , on the forest floor . ext . yard , day Amy and the twin linger by the flowerbed . ron I do not think we should hang around here , amy we promise we would wait and we will . the teeny -weenies 47 ron you promise . I say we should go after Russ , you be just yellow . amy if I be you sister , I would spank you until you could not sit down . ron if you be my sister , I would put myself up for adoption . let 's go. ( to Don ) I be go to find Russ and the wuss . be you come or what ? ron stalk off . Don sigh , give Amy a " what can I do ? " look and take off after he brother . Amy hesitates , watch the two boy disappear . she grit she tooth and follow then . int . szalinski hall , day Wayne be on the phone . we hear the last part of Diane 's message before the beep . he slame the phone down . quark be at he foot , whining . wayne I know . I know , lunchtime . the doorbell ring . Wayne walk towards the front door . ° wayne it 's not like Amy and Nick to miss lunch without let I know . even if they be with they mother . '' int . szalinski house , day Wayne open the door . Diane be there . they stare at each other angrily . Diane thrust a handful of papers in he hand , diane just sign they and I will be on my way . she march inside . Wayne stand at the door . he poke he head outside and look to the leave and the right , expect to see the kid . they be not there . puzzle , he return inside and close the door . wayne where be the kid ? diane what ? na the teeny-weenies 48 wayne and the couch ? where 's my think couch ? diane where it alwey be . wayne it ig not . you take it . diane I do not . wayne yes , you do , you come back this morning and steal it . diane for you information , I spend the entire morning work on a deadline . she glance around , diane where be the kid ? int . kitchen , day Diane walk into the kitchen , Wayne be trail in the hall behind she . quark continue to whine . Wayne raise a wayne . they be with you , be not they ? diane quiet , quark . wayne with the couch ? and you thing ? diane Earth to Wayne . Earth to Wayne . I do not have the couch . where be the child ? finger to he lip , thoughtfully , quark bark . wayne quiet , quark , well , I do forget to pick up Amy 's dress and Nick 's aathma medicine . diane how could you ? qo the teeny -weenies 49 wayne you do not remind I ... quark bark again . diane / wayne quiet , quark !!! quark stop bark and run around in front of the back door . Wayne and Diane walk through the swinging door lead to the yard . quark try to run out after they . the door swing back on he . thump . the dog retreat back into the kitchen yelping . ext . szalinski yard , day Wayne stand on the back step , Diane behind hin . wayne / diane Amy ? Nick ? ext . forest / yard , day deep in the forest , the twin and Amy hear a thunder roar . it 's the pitch of a tyrannosaurus rex . we can barely make out the word , wayne / diane roar Amy ? Nick ? the kid run forward . amy Mom ! dad ! don Mr. szalinski ! we be over here ! over here ! ron yo! Mr. szalinski ! ext . johnson yard , day meanwhile , while Wayne and Diane be call for they kid . Big Russ , still wear he cap , walk out into he backyard where mae be water she garden . big russ ron ! Don ! Russell ! ext . forest / yard , day the kid continue to run forward , the twin take the lead , leave Amy far behind . the teeny-weenies 50 ron it 's dad ! don dad ! over here ! ext . johnson yard , day Russ , spot Wayne , walk over to the fence . he lean he arm on the fence and come up with a elbow - ful of syrup . he frown as Wayne walk over . big russ hey , szalinski , the yard look a lot better . you know , you could probably have a flower garden over there . mae begonias would be nice . diane I always mean to ... but there never be the time .... wayne hey , have you see my kid ? big russ naah . I be just look for mine . they never miss lunch . wayne mine , either . Wayne and Russ look at each other for a moment . they both turn away from each other and , try they best to ignore each other , begin call they child 's name . they stop , wait for each other to continue . a beat . when neither one begin call again , each feel it 's okay to continue , they both begin call again in tandem . ext . jungle / yard , day the child continue to run breathlessly forward , shouting to they parent . amy it 's no use , they can not hear we . ron I think you dad be a genius , amy he be , but he still have normal ear . the teeny -weenies 51 — _ { { '' ext . yard , day the parent stand on either side of the fence , mae continue to water she garden , mae Nice to see you back , Diane . welcome home . diane I just come to check on the kid ... but Wayne seem to have misplace they , mae I be sure they will turn up for supper . diane you be probably right . good to see you , mae. Wayne and Diane walk back towards the house . ext . johnson house , day mae finish water she lawn , she turn off the nozzle of the house and glance at the szalinski 's backyard . it 's almost all yellow . mae tsk , tsk , poor grass . she turn the nozzle back on and send a spray of water over the fence and into the yard . ext , forest / jungle , day Russ and Nick slowly sit up , daze . as they do so , they notice the bee shake itself awake as well . the bee be very , very angry . it spot the two boy . wing buz ominously , it begins to advance . little russ be you strong enough to run ? nick y-y- you bet . the boy start to run from the bee . the bee spring forward in a incredibly fast motion . it look like it will be atop the boy in a matter of second . the boy seem doom when , without warning , the bee be k.0 . be by a titanic droplet of water . the two boy stop , puzzle . the teeny - weenies : 52 nick be we safe ? little russ I be not sure .... suddenly , titanic droplet of water begin falling all around they . within second , the ground beneath there feet turn to mush . the yard be slowly filling up with water . little russ come on ! up here ! Russ shinny up a blade of grass , pull Nick up behind he , as the yard slowly fill with water . ext . yard , day we see mae , hum merrily , hose down the lawn in earnest . ext , forest / jungle day Amy and the twin walk through the twisted terrain . amy Nick ? ron / don Russ ? a roaring noise send the ground beneath they tremble . ron what the ? they turn and see a cascading wall of water heading for they . amy head for higher ground ! the three child run for they life as the wall of water approach they . there's no escape . they run breathlesslessy as the sudden flood smashes through the grass and twig . amy look ! ahead of they lie a gigantic pop bottle cap . Amy vault into the cap , turn , and yank the two small boy inside by they belt as the water catch up with they . before they know what' happening , they be sent for a spiraling white water rapid ride . the bottle cap spin madly as the water rush through the yard . the three child cling to its side as it bump and zig -zag through the raging river , like a waterborne tilt - a- whirl car . the teeny-weenies 53 ext , jungle / yard , day in the hurricane cause by the flood , russ and nick cling to the grass blade . the water rage below they . nick begins to slip . nick Russ ! Russ bend down and grab Nick by the back of he shirt just as the little boy begin to fall into the water . Russ grimace , Nick 's struggle body cause he to slide down the grass blade . the grass blade be be buffete by the raging river , the two boy be get closer to the water when ... amy Nick ! russellt the soda bottle cap goe careening down the river toward russ and nick . the twin hold on for dear life as the cap barrel towards the grass blade . little russ geronimo ! the bottle cap pass beneath the blade of grass . russ drop nick into the cap and , then , jump feet -first into the cap . int . cap , day nick land with a thud , rolling into amy arm . russ land stand . it look as if he's about to lose he balance when a hand appear . russ grab it and be tossed onto the floor of the cap , he find himself holding hand with amy . he quickly disengage himself and cling to the side of the cap as it continue to spiral in the river . ext . yard , day mae , quite pleased with he act of kindness , shut off the hose and leave the yard . ext . riverbed , day the cap go crash into a riverbank as the flood water recede . the child tumble , gasp from the cap . they collapse on the " riverbed , " exhaust . Amy hug Nick . the twin kneel next to Russ . don hey , brother . we miss you . ron yeah . we think some Queen bee marry you or something . the teeny ~ weenies 54 co Nick sit up , laugh . he put he arm around Russ , face uf the twin . nick naaah . but you should have be on that bee ! it be great ! and , then , Russ make the bee crash , and it come after we and ... Russ stagger to he foot . little russ we can talk later . now , we have get to head home , agy smile . ron aww , come on , Russ . we be tired . amy ( act like a mother ) listen to Russell . we be all together again , we have to be strong , we have to get home , we can not dally here . ron - dally ? don she 's right , it 's get late . the three young boy look at each other . ron I bet it 's almost suppertime . don I bet mom make hamburger . he turn to Nick . don Saturday be hamburger night . the three boy aigh hungrily and look at each other sadly . ' little russ let 's go . amy come on , troops , { the five kid begin they trek again , Don and ron , force . themselves to act like scout , begin sing " the Green grass grew all around " as they march , Nick join in as well . Russ and Amy smile at the trio . the teeny - weenies 55 little russ kid , ; amy yeah . the three young boy suddenly come to a stop . they gaze ahead , a look of wonder and pleasure on they face . int . forest / yard , day there , before they , illuminate by a almost religiously inspire stream of sunlight be a titanic oreo cookie . soggy ' from the '' rainstorm , '' the cookie glisten magically like a cream - fill rainbow . int . forest / yard , day ! ron be profoundly move , the sunlight caress the oreo 1 magically , ron ' I think I have die and go to heaven . nick ir 's as big as a house , ron I be hungry enough to eat it myself . nick double fill . it have double fill . the kid run forward to the cookie . they reach it and begin tear out handfuls of white cream fill . ron I be bear for something like this . Don look up , horrify . don uh , guy ? over the top of the cookie appear a army of antennae , twitching ominously . little russ ( look up ) in here ! quck ! the child dart behind the cover of grass as a horde of titanic ant thunder over the top . the ant swarm over the massive oreo , dismantling it with ease . ) } the teeny-weenies 56 ron ( whisper ) what pig ! the ant begin carrying large wad of the cookie off in there mandible . don that 's not fair ! ron that be we cookie . ( to Don ) I say we fight they . little russ stay down . they might think we be food . ron you be kid I . ant do not eat people . nick we be not normal - size people . they might think we nre crumb or enemy insect or something . ron they be only bug . I squash they all the time . nick you could not try that now . ant can lift over twenty time they weight . that 's like we lift a tractor . ron no sh ... kid . little russ how do you know all this stuff ? nick I read a lot - of book . little russ you must read 24 hour a day . nick . ( shrugging ) I do not have anyone to play with . the army of ant consume the cookie . they MARCH off , carrying large crumb of it . leaving last , carrying a biiiig piece , be a baby ant . it struggle with the boulder - size wad of chocolate . it drop it . pick it up . tries pushing it , the little ant be determine to move this crumb . it doesn't care how big the crumb be . the teeny -weenies 57 ron ( suddenly grin ) I say it 's time for a snack , don get serious . ron I have a plan . ron tear off a stiff piece of grass and fashion it into a spear . he look at Don . Don sigh , shake he head and do the same , . don I hate it when you have plan . ron ready , brother ? don I guess so . the twins charge the - ant , whooping like indian , swinging there " stick " over there head . the little ant , panicking , drop the crumb . it begins to run after the retreating a colony . the rest of the kid run through the soggy terrain towards the twin . amy do not let it get away ! it will bring back the other ! don ( to ron ) Nice plan . ron okay . now it 's time for plan number two . ron run up to the ant and dive on its back , cowboy style , whooping . ron scout to the rescue ! the rest of the kid run up to Don . at first , they all laugh at the sight of ron , clinging to the ant' back . it 's great sport . . don ride ‘em cowboy . ne Don jump onto the back of the ant as well . the twins whoop loudly as the ant careen around the clearing in circle . the teeny-weenies 58 little russ okay . enough fun . pull he over . on the ant , ron and don exchange glance . don you hear Russ , pull he over , ron you pull he over . each one of the twin grab a antennae and try to yank the ant in one direction or the other . it do not work . they ' glance meaningfully at each other before turn towards the rest of the kid . don / ron we can not pull he over . the kid watch helplessly as the twin 's ant skitter around the clearing , amy do not let he gol ron I be not ! I be not ! amy ( disgust ) boy . little russ come on , Nick . Russ and Nick charge the ant and try to grab ahold of it , brahma bull wrestler style . the ant easily out maneuver they . they dive and miss , hit the muddy dirt with a thud . Nick be slow to get up . Russ grab the ant by the neck and be carry along , heel drag on the ground . he be shake off and fall at Amy 's foot . amy pathetic . Russ glance around , look for some way to help . he pick up one of the twin 's spear . Amy look at the spear , reach over and bend it easily . she look at the rampaging ant . the spear be not go to work . Amy spot the fall crumb and run towards it . the ant continue to reel around . Amy take a wad of cookie in she hand and walk directly in front of the charge ant . Nick , still sit daze in the dirt , be horrify . he be cough and wheeze . the teeny-weenies 59 nick no , Amy ! look out ! Amy swallow hard and hold she ground . the ant go skid to a stop . the twin go tumble from its back . the ant slowly approach Amy , antennae twitching . Amy gaze into the face of the little ant . she crinkle she nose . it 's repulsive . the ant calmly walk over and gently remove the small pliece of crumb from she hand . it munch on it merrily . Little Russ walk up to the ant and slip a grass lariet around its neck . the ant , munch merrily , allow it . the twin be both dizzy . they stagger up to Amy . ron all right , stretch . stretch the lion tamer . the kid watch the ant munch the crumb . ron wow . a bug pig-out . little russ we can not just leave he here . he might bring back the whole colony . amy you know , if he would let we , we could use he for transportation . little russ what ? amy he move a lot faster than we do . we could get through the yard in half the time . don ride he like a horse ? ron or a elephant in darkest Africa ! amy sort of . he 's too small to hold all of we , through . don but he 's not tame or anything . how will we steer he ? CO the teeny-weenies 60 amy I have a idea . cut to : ext . forest / yard , day amy , don , russ and nick be be pulled on a indian - style sled attached to the ant . the sled have be constructed from bit of grass and flower stem . ron be on the ant' back , wearing a flower leaf around he head like a turban , holding a stick with a oreo crumb affixed to the end . the crumb be dangling in front of the ant' head . the kid be sing " and the Green grass grew ail around " while munch smaller crumb . amy okay . hang a leave . ron tilt the stick to the left side of the ant' head . the ant goe for the food . it's the old carrot on the stick ploy . the ant veer left . ron smile happily . ron who say that junk food be not good for you ? he turn to Amy . ron where to now , bwana-ette ? amy ( laugh ) Home , James . ron the name 's tarzan , ron give a impromptu yell . he hold the stick directly in front of the ant . the ant plow forward . ext . home , dusk a patrol car sit outside the two home . there 's a officer interview Big Russ and mae at the front door . ext . johnson home , dusk at the Johnson 's , a cop be furiously take note as he interview the parent . cop any reason you kid would want to run away ? the teeny-weenies 61 mae no. none at all . the twin be in the yard play and we oldest boy , Russ , be ... oh , God . you do not think because he be cut from the football team .... Big Russ " shhhhh "s she . big russ there 's no reason my kid would run away . they be happy kid . no problem . cop uh-huh . big russ what 's " uh-huh " suppose to mean ? mae Russell , big russ well , I do not like the way he say " uh-huh . " it do not sound sincere . cop do you have a argument with you son this morning , Mr. Johnson ? big russ I do not argue with my kid , mister . I discuss thing with they . cop uh-huh . do you discuss he get cut from the team ? big russ what be you get at ? cop maybe he feel you be angry with hin . big russ ( steam ) me? angry with he ? I love that kid ! I be they father . I worship the ground they walk on , dammit . Russ kick he foot forward . he hit a lawn jockey , send its head tumble into space . the cop look at he impassively . cop uh-huh . the teeny -weenies 62 big russ he 's doin ' it again ! ext . szalinski home , dusk Wayne and Diane show a second cop to the front door . they be hand in hand . cop # 2 okay , folk . we will tell all we patrol car to be on the lookout for two kid and a couch , wayne beige couch . cop # 2 right . we will check in with you tomorrow . the cop leave the parent , Wayne make a move to go inside . Diane , glance at the Johnson 's home , where the first cop be leave , walk out of the front door . diane in a minute , dear . Wayne go inside . Diane walk over to the Johnson front porch where mae watch the patrol car drive off . ext . home , dusk mae look up at Diane and smile sadly . mae hi , Diane . diane hello , mae. problem ? mae the twin and Russ have run away . Diane cock she head inquisitively . mae I know Russ be upset this morning , but to run away ? I keep on tell Russell , go easy with the child . do not get so excited , but Russell be just as much a child as the kid be . diane ( smile sadly ) ( 4 Wayne , too . the ( t i ) teeny-weenies 63 mae well , for better or for worse , right ? diane ( awkwardly ) right . int . szalinski kitchen , dusk Wayne be tether a bark quark to a long leash in the kitchen as Diane enter . diane not now , quark , do you know the Johnson child be go , too ? wayne no . I can not figure why they would have take the furniture ... I wonder if they be upset about break the window ? diane what window ? wayne in the attic . they throw a baseball through the window and hit my machine and ... diane Amy and Nick do not play baseball .... they eye meet . wayne the Johnson kid do . diane / wayne they be miss , too . they trot upstairs to the attic . int . attic , dusk Wayne pick up the ball . he toss it to Diane . she look at it . it have a burn mark on it . diane it have to belong to the twin next door . Wayne inspect the machine . wayne the override circuitry be damage . diane what ? the teeny -weenies 64 co™ Wayne be onto something . he get down on he knee . wayne it 's possible that the ball activate the particle beam . diane what be you talk about ? he crawl around the floor in a exaggerated , careful manner ... as if he arm and leg be make of rubber . wayne nothing . I hope ... do not move ! oh , jeez . he gingerly pick up a teen - weeny piece of debris . he hold it in the palm of he hand . he look at the machine . at first , he be elate . then , the reality of the situation hit he . wayne ( enthuse ) it work ! then , soberly . . wayne '' my god . it work . he stand and , like a indian rubber man try to levitate off the ground , carefully walk over to Diane on he tip-to . diane what be it ? in he hand be a tiny , perfectly intact , beige couch . it 's smaller than a button . wayne ( somberly ) the think couch . Diane stare at he , dumbfounded , diane do you think the kid ....? wayne if the couch be affect and the kid be up here ... all of they ... they both get down on they hand and knee , diane kid ? be you here ? they begin crawl , try as hard as possible not to co '' the teeny -weenies . 65 touch the floor , across the room . they sort of look like marcel marceau impersonate a tarantula . wayne kid ? careful now . watch you knee . diane I know . I know . Amy ? Nick ? after a moment of creepy - crawl , Wayne focus on the dustpan lean against the wall . he leap to he foot . Diane gasp . wayne get the flashlight ! I will get a magnify glass ! he run out of the room . Diane follow he , take veeerrry long , bouyant step . int . stairway , dusk they run downstairs . diane what about the child ? wayne I sweep the room this afternoon and put the trash out in the yard ! ext . yard , dusk in the gather darkness of early evening , Diane and Wayne carefully go through the trash , use a large flashlight , the magnify glass and tweezers . Big Russ Johnson sneak out into he backyard and lean against the fence . he reach under he hat and produce a cigarette . he light up and take a deep breath . he then notice Wayne and Diane . they do not spot Big Russ , however . he see the neighbor whisper into the large trashbags as they tweeze they way through the gunk . wayne Amy ? Nick ? diane can you hear we ? Big Russ gape at they , strain he ear to hear what they be say . he can not hear a word . Wayne spot a hole in the side of the bag . he shine the flashlight on it . o the teeny-weenies 66 wayne look . the kid must have make it from the inside , see ? he train the flashlight on the ground . diane do you think they get out ? wayne they must have make it into the grass and ... he stop mid-sentence , a terrify look on he face . diane Wayne ? what 's wrong ? wayne the pervis boy mow the lawn today ! Russ still strain he ear to hear . no dice . Wayne point to several hefty bag in the corner of the yard . wayne let 's try that . Wayne and Diane undo the bag and begin sifting through the grass collect in they . wayne any ? diane Nick ? Big Russ take a deep puff . big russ eggheads . they be the first to crack under pressure . ext . forest / yard , dusk the kid continue to slog onward through the soggy yard . the ant be grow weary . ron remove the crumb from in front of the ant . ron I think the antmobile need to recharge he battery . the kid tumble from the sled , they tether the ant and the the teeny -weenies 67 o™ . , antmobile to a sta of grass . ( bil 1 k of nick I , too . don it 's get dark . ron we will never get back in time . ron seem really depressed . Amy put a arm around he . amy that 's okay . at least we dad ' 1ll know something be wrong if we be not back by supper . he will look for we . little russ I do not think he will see we . ron he do not even know we be shrink . the kid be now sit , despair . Amy refuse to be beat . oo amy he will find we . I know he will . don she 's pretty gutsy . ron for a girl . ext , forest / yard , night we see that the kid be sit near the fence , Big Russ , above , be still smoking , watch Wayne and Diane in the back of the yard . he casually flick the ash off he cigarette . ext , forest / yard , night suddenly , the air be fill with a hiss sound . little russ look out ! flake of molten ash the size of auto tire begin drifting down around they , sizzling into the soggy ground . cu little russ take cover ! the teeny-weenies 68 the kid run off . ext . yard , night Big Russ continue to flick he ash . ext , forest / yard , night the kid huddle together , the ash be raining down heavier , now , ron and Don be huddle under one leaf when a wad of ash land ontop of it , burning a hole through it . Don take off screen leave . ron run to screen right , the camera follow he . he run blindly into the forest . he skid into a small pond of horrible goo . he sink up to he waist . the puddle be cover with the body of large , dead fly . ron help ! quicksand ! ron begin to struggle helplessly in the mire . the other kid dart out from behind they cover and run to the edge of the pond of goo . ash continue to fall . nick that can not be quicksand . ron struggle , glance around he . he lift up a hand and put it to he mouth . he taste the goop . ron help ! syrup ! amy ( puzzle ) how do syrup get in we yard ? ron never mind , never mind . he squirm around , sing further into the mush . amy do not move . the more you move , the faster you will sink . Don try to stick he arm towards he brother , it will not reach . he almost topple into the pond himself . Nick grab he leg and pull he back .. the ash still fall . amy we will make a rope . we will pull you out . keep calm , ns the teeny-weenies 69 ron lie in the syrup . he be slowly sink . his tooth be chatter . he be beginning to sob ; breathless little boy - terrify gasp . ron ( softly , shaky ) hurry . please hurry . he slowly turn he head to the leave . the body of a half - dead fly float , half ~ submerge , in the goop . the fly be still buzzing half - heartedly . ron be really scared . he turn he head away from the fly and look at something else . anything else . the kid be tear at grass fiber , tie they together . ext . yard / fence , night Big Russ inhale on he cigarette , still watch the szalinskis . he take one , last puff before toss the cigarette into the szalinski yard and move closer to Wayne and Diane for a better look . ext , forest / yard , night down below , the kid be try to toss they newly - make rope towards ron . they keep on fall short of they mark . amy more rope ! Nick peel a strand of grass off a stalk . a roaring , whooshing noise reverberate all around they . little russ ( look up ) what the heck be that ? the kid take off in every direction as the glowing , smoldering cigarette butt slice through the AIR . it land in the syrup , still burning , a tobacco meteorite . the unlit section of the cigarette butt land next to ron . the cigarette be slowly burning down toward he . he'll be burned to death within minute . he begin to struggle . he sink further . the kid run forward , try to shield themselves from the heat . amy we have to push it away . the kid pick up a stick and move to the edge of the syrup pool . they extend the stick , try to prod the butt away from the petrify ron . the stick do not reach . the teeny -weenies 70 ( 3 ron oe help ! don what '11 we do ? | part of the cigarette ash fall off the butt with a roar , landing in the syrup near the kide . the kid back off , | hold they hand in front of they face as the ash | sizzle into the syrup . ron watch , horrified , as a wad of hot ash fall on the trapped fly , sizzling it as the insect sink beneath the surface of the goop . Nick stare at ron . he slowly back away from the scene , seemingly horrify . he turn and run full - tilt back into the forest . Amy notice but be concentrate too much on ron 's safety to act . ron please ! help I , please ! ron spot Nick run off . ron do not leave I , please ! co . the child continue to try to get nearer to ron . they hear se a crunching sound behind they . they turn and see the little ant charging forward , nick on its back . nick be holding a cookie crumb suspended from a stick before the ant' face . nick come on , boy . come on . Nick lead the ant to the edge of the bog . he slide off the ant , take the crumb and toss it to ron . nick ron ! catch ! ron reach for the soggy oreo fragment and ensnare it . a glimmer of hope play across he face . ron I read you , baby -brain . he turn to the ant . ron you ! here you go , boy . come and get it . cy the ant extend its antennae . it hone in on the oreo crumb . a the cigarette continue to smolder . the FIRE be getting closer to ron . . the teeny -weenies 71 the ant climb up a stalk of grass to the edge . the grass slowly bow downward under its weight . the ant extend its antennae toward the crumb in ron' hand . the cigarette burn down lower and lower , closer and closer . ron drop the crumb in the syrup . the kid gasp as it disappear beneath the goop . ron look helplessly up at the ant . the ant twitches its antennae . it can't sense the crumb anymore . ron oh , no . the ant wait a beat . it doesn't retreat . it continue to stand firm . ron reach up and grab ahold of one of the antennae . the ant slowly back down the grass blade , hoisting ron up and out - of the syrup to safety . the cigarette burn down to the syrup with a hiss . amy I do not believe it . the kid run up to ron . Don stare at the ant . don he save you life . nick even when you drop the crumb . ron ( genuinely move ) yeah , he could have get waste by the cigarette butt , same as I . he stare at the ant . the kid take turn patting the ant , ron okay , boy . you be free , it 's time for you to go back home . don yeah . you parent be probably worried about you . nick like ours . Russ and Amy approach the ant . Amy extend a hesitant hand towards the " bug . " she pet it . it twitches its antennae . '' the ant march off . it turn onc , last time toward the kide , its antennae twitching . the teeny -weenies 72 ron I do not know if you can understand I or not , but from now on , I be go to be good to bug . nick even mosquito ? ron except mosquito . the ant shamble off into the forest . ron ( to Nick ) thanks for the help , baby — - brain ... I mean , Nick . nick no problem , scout . ron grin at Nick . Nick offer a shy smile . ext . yard , night meanwhile , Wayne and Diane continue sifting through the bag of grass . they find nothing . they look at each other sadly . there 's a noise behind they . they turn and train the flashlight at the garbage . cicero the cat sit there , a piece of discard , egg-stain toast in its mouth . Diane gasp . the cat take the toast and run off . Wayne sigh . wayne we still have a bag leave . diane i- I can not . wayne there 's still hope . come on . shine the light over here . suddenly , the last bag be illuminate by a bright light from behind they . Big Russ stand at the fence with a kong-size flashlight . big russ lose something , folk ? Diane and Wayne exchange guilty look . wayne if I show you something ... something really strange ... will you promise not to get upset ? the teeny -weenies 73 oy : big russ me? get upset ? heck . I be as cool , calm and collect as they come . wayne come on up to my lab . big russ Lab ? wayne uh , attic . ext , forest / yard , night ron , cover with syrup , walk over to a puddle of sprinkler water , ron help I waah some of this off , willya ? Don step into the puddle and begin splash he brother . Amy and Russ begin do the same . ron I be poope . = don I , too . little russ maybe we should rest for the night . amy ( nodd ) we have a lot of ground to cover tomorrow ... I think . Nick wander off . the camera follow he . he come to a halt , smile . nick hey , come look , the kid trot over to Nick . ext . forest / yard , night stretch before Nick be a few , stonehengezed monolithic atructure , little russ what be that ? se nick my lego . the teeny-weenies 74 the kid wander up to the titanic plastic block . they be square with station - wagon -size round indentation on the back . i Nick sit in one of the round indentation , nick pretty cozy . the twin climb into two ajoin round spot . ron not bad . don it 's better than a tent . little russ get some sleep now , okay ? ron no problem . Russ and Amy walk over to another Lego , they sit on the square end of one . they be both exhaust . they gaze up into a picture perfect , clear sky . a full moon shine down on they , illuminate the area in a magical , blue glow . little russ tire ? amy I be okay . little russ I be so sleepy , I ache . amy ( smile ) I , too , he stifles a yawn . Amy continue to gaze at the sky . amy great moon . little russ yeah , it 's pretty full . amy it 's funny , the moon look the same whether you be big or small . '' ) Russ nod . he look at Amy , smile shyly . the teeny-weenies 75 little russ you want to hear something stupid ? amy sure . I enjoy stupid thing . little russ well , I have want to talk to you sometimes but I have feel weird because well , you be ....uh ... amy taller ? little russ yeah . Dumb , huh ? amy well , it do not make much difference now , do it ? what 's the big deal if you be a quarter of a inch tall or three sixteenths ? little russ yeah . he suddenly turn and give she a peck on the cheek . she turn towards he and give he a brief , but tender , first kiss . ext . forest / yard , night we see the tiny kid illuminate from above by the pale blue light of a full moon . the camera slowly move up and away from they , take the whole , titanic yard into view . int . attic , night Big Russ stand next to Wayne and Diane at the machine . big russ Nice cb set . wayne ( flipping knob and switch ) Russ , the world of science be a mysterious , complex one .... big russ be this go to take long ? wayne each and every one of we be make up of countless , tiny particle which move around and .... the teeny -weenies 76 ) big russ get to the point . get to the point ! wayne and what this machine do be analyze the molecular structure of ... big russ szalinskil ! Wayne gulp and sigh and blurt it out . wayne I think this machine shrink we kid . big russ say what ? wayne this machine . I think it shrink we kid . Big Russ begin to laugh . he look at Diane . she 's not laugh . he look at Wayne . Wayne slowly shake he head yes . big russ what do you take I for , a complete idiot ? diane but it 's true ... I mean , about the machine . wayne we have proof . Diane place the tiny couch in Big Russ 's hand . big russ so what ? a toy ? Big deal . that do not mean we kid have shrink . wayne ( adjust the gizmo ) I '1l show you , put you cap on that pedestal . big russ ( aghast ) my olympian cap ? wayne yes . yes . you want proof , do not you ? Russ slowly lift the hat from he head , he be inundate by a shower of cigarettes . he gaze at he hat nervously , the teeny -weenies 77 on : SF big russ ~ I have have this cap for twenty year . Wayne get the machine hum . Big Russ gingerly place the cap on the pedestal in front of the metal wall . wayne okay . step back and be amaze . Wayne activate the machine . both beam skitter across the room . Big Russ be not impressed . big russ Big deal . I have a lava light at home that work better . wayne watch when the beam connect . Diane and Big Russ watch as the two beam hone in on the cap , the cap shimmer . quiver . finally , it explode , sending bit and piece of charree material everywhere , Diane gasp in horror . Wayne be perplex . Big Russ be stunne . wayne I do not understand it . it must have work before .... big russ be you say my kid ... that machine ... you blow up my kid ?! he make a move to strangle Wayne . Wayne , ignore lung Big Russ , walk over to the cap fragment . wayne of course not . if they have blow up , we would have find ... Diane gasp . wayne I mean . no . they shrink . I be positive . big russ and I be positive that you should be lock up . I do not know what you game be , szalinski . but if I find out that you have do anything to my kid ... i'1l do to you what you do to my genuine number- one - in - a-sery olympian construction cap . he make a move to stalk out of the room . he glance nervously at the floor and tip -toe carefully out , stare this way and that at the floor . the teeny -weenies 78 Wayne stare at the machine sadly . Diane gently walk up to he and put he arm around hin , she give he a gentle squeeze . diane how about a drink ? Wayne nod " yes , " and the two leave the attic . int . kitchen , night Wayne sit at the kitchen table , a half - fill glass of milk before he . Wayne finger the magnify glass absent-mind - ly . Diane toy with the flashlight . Wayne smile sadly . wayne it 's all my fault . it 's all my fault . diane no . you be just dedicated . I should have understand that . you have dream . wayne but I forget reality . I ignore the people I care about the most . . diane . oh , Wayne . how could I have leave you and the kid ... if anything happen to they .... Wayne place the magnify glass softly on the table top . Diane lay down the flashlight . they sit in silence for a long minute . tear begin to roll down Diane 's face . Wayne pull he chair next to hers and put a protective arm around she . he knock over a salt shaker in the process . wayne we will find they , hon . I promise . we will find they . Diane place she head against he chest and cry . Wayne swallow hard , wipe a single tear from one eye and hug she closer . silence . still tethere next to he dog bed , quark sigh . ext . yard , night we see the light from the kitchen window . we slowly move away from the window and see it looming over the silhouettes of the lego village where the child lay sleeping . the teeny-weenies 79 ext . yard , day the scene gradually brighten . Morning have come . we now see that the child have make it all the way to the yard 's edge . they be nestle in the Lego toy that Nick have drop there the day before . in the background , the szalinski home stand , as tall as a glacier . Russ wake up first . he stretch , yawn , open he eye and turn around . little russ I do not believe it . amy ( waking up ) what ? Amy turn . they be only yard away from the house . she squeal with delight and give Russ a big hug . amy ( run off ) Nick ! twin ! come on ! we be home ! the three young child wake up , lazily . nick huh ? ron wuzzat ? Nick spot the house and grin . ron all right ! don Yahoo ! ext . yard , day the kid run to the end of the yard , they run towards the first step lead to the back door . ext . yard , day they slow they pace and gradually come to a halt . they face be glum . before they stand the biggest step in history . a structure as big as a CITY hall . little russ uh , it 's a little bigger than I think it would be . kl the teeny-weenies he frantically with , he find like a ladder . ladder against 80 look around for something to scale the step a small twig . he place it against the step it 's pathetically small , like place a step - a skyscraper . the rest of the child look on nervously . little russ do not worry . I will figure something out . Amy 's lower lip begin to quiver . Russ try to cheer she up , tear begin to little russ do not worry . we will make it . we just have to come up with a plan . dribble , silently , down Amy 's face . the twin and Nick exchange frighten glance . this be the first time Amy have really act like a ( gasp ) girl . Nick approach she . he kneel next to she . Amy sniff and Nick stand up nick Amy ? do not cry . Amy ? come on . even if the odd be against we , so what ? people beat the odd all the time , right ? little russ sure . we have get this far . don yeah , we have get through a flood . ron and killer bee . nick and a power mower . ron and maple syrup ! nod , only half believe . amy but how will we get inside the house ? suddenly . he stare at the door and smile . he have a idea , place two finger in he mouth , he emit a shrill whistle . he 's wind after one try . wheeze . wheeze . little russ what be you do ? the teeny - weenies 81 loo nick ~ hitching a ride . he puff out he little chest again and let out a second , shrill blast . int . kitchen , day in the kitchen , Wayne and Diane be sound asleep at the table . quark be still tethere . he hear a very faint , very familiar whistle . his ear perk up . it 's Nick . quark begin to whine and pull at the leash . he can not get out . another whistle . he gnaw at he leash . it 's too thick . ext . yard , day Nick 's face be now bett red . he whistle again . amy quark will never hear you . nick sure he will . dog have great ear . Russ and the twin exchange glance . they shrug . they begin ce whistling and shouting . a little russ here , boy . ron yo , dog ! '' don wake up ! amy hey , quark . int . kitchen , day quark stop gnaw at he leash . he turn himself around and slowly pull himself , backwards , out of he dog collar . he run for the swinging door lead outside . he can not budge it . he push and push and push again . the kid outside be still whistling and yell . quark push . no dice . finally , quark back up waaaay across the kitchen and charge the door , he hurl himself onto its surface . the door fly open , stay in that position . ext . yard , day the kid scatter as quark go tumble down the stair . quark get to he foot and stand , puzzle . we watch the dog 's startle expression as he register tiny , invisible the teeny-weenies 82 cy ) voice all around he . nick good boy , quark . amy over here , quark . little russ Atta way , dog . quark turn this way and that , try to find he master . finally , he zeroe in on the source of the sound . he cautiously approach a spot on the ground . he stare at the teeny - weeny youngster . he let out a small whimper . amy it 's okay . it 's we , quark . nick we be just littler , now . quark do a " say what ? " take , amy lie down , quark . lie down . quark begin to sniff at the kid . they be almost suck up he nostril . amy do not sniff , dumb -bell . lie down . quark do as he be tell . amy stay , quark . stay . nick all aboard , the dog whimper slightly as the barely larger - than - flea size kid climb up he ear and onto the back of he head . ext . dog , day the kid hold onto quark 's head . nick phew . quark need a bath . : little russ i } everybody on ? the teeny-weenies 83 ron uh-huh . don ready for take - off . amy okay , quark . get up . come ‘on , boy . get up . ext . yard , day quark get to he foot . amy ( v.0 . ) Inside , quark . take we inside . instinctively , quark sit down and , with he rear leg , scratch he head as if he be in pursuit of fleas . ext . dog , day the kid hang on for dear life as the skin beneath they shimmy and a large paw rake the surface behind they , nick cut it out , quark . amy knock it off ! ext . yard , day the dog whimper and stop scratch . quark stand up . amy ( v.0 . ) come on , quark . up the step . into the house . quark take the first step and stop . he turn to the right . the Johnson 's cat be there , hiss . quark growl . little russ ( v.0 . ) oh , no . it 's cicero . ron ( 0.s. ) I have always hate that cat . amy ( v.0 . ) quark . up the stair , boy . do not chase the cat . quark look as if he 's go to chase cicero . the cat be bigger than the dog , however , and lunge after the tiny canine . quark , panicked , take off . he run to the back of the - the teeny-weenies 84 yard , cicero in pursuit . kide ( v.o0 . ) whoaaaah ! quark hit the trash bag and wriggle under the fence . the cat chase he . ext . dog , day the kid yell as quark take they on a wild ride . ext . STREET , day quark dart into the street . he 's a yard dog and totally panic when outside he turf . as soon as quark dart into the street , cicero skid to a stop , curbside , and watch wide - eye as the dog skitter around in traffic . quark zig - zag up and down the street , in and out of traffic , yelping . ext . dog , day the kid scream as titanic car and people pass they by . horn blare . tire screech . people yell . it 's like be catch on a out -of- control plane zipping through the canyon of New York City . nick whoa , quark . whoah ! amy look out ! we see a titanic car bear down on the dog from one side . Little Russ spin around and point . there 's a car approach from the other side , too . ext . STREET , day we see quark , paralyze with fear , as the two car come speed towards he from both side . the dog do not move . quark lay down in the street and close he eye . ext . dog , day the kid dive down on quark 's head as deafen screech and horn shake the sky . they close they eye . craassshhhhh ! ext . STREET , day quark open he eye and get up . the two car have crash and be suspend , pyramid style , above he . the two driver be scream at each other from inside the car , quark trot away . he pass by the amaze cicero with a '' snort . '' the teeny - weenies 85 d nick ( v.o. ) Way to go , quark . ext . yard , day quark squeeze under the fence into the backyard and leap up the step lead to the back door . child whoaaaaaahhhh ! int . kitchen , day quark skid into the kitchen , amy ( v.0 . ) go get dad , quark . go to dad . quark trot over to the sleep Wayne 's leg . he nuzzle the leg and whine . Wayne snore a bit and , still asleep , swat he leg with he hand . the kid yelp as quark back . up . nick ( v.0 . ) we will get kill that way . oe little russ ( v.0 . ) pos let 's try yell . WD '' kide ( v.0 . ) Mom ! dad ! kide ( v.0 . ) Mr. szalinski ! yo , prof ! Wayne and Diane continue to sleep . quark stand before they , puzzle . nick ( v.o0 . ) they can not see we from here . little russ ( v.0 . ) they can not hear we , either . ron ( v.0 . ) they would see we from the kitchen table . amy ( v.0 . ) good idea . quark . up on the table , boy . the little dog cock its head and , obediently , stand on its hind leg , try to get up on the table . he 's too short . the teeny -weenies 86 ext . dog , day the kid be slide off he head . amy down , quark . get down ! the dog 's head straighten as he slide off the table leg . Russ scan the room . little russ we have to get on that table somehow . nick ( point ) quark can drop we off there . he point to the short , more accessable sewing stool stand less than a foot from the kitchen table . amy take we to the sewing table , quark . over there , boy . come on . int . kitchen , day quark trot over to the table . int . sewing table , day the kid leap off the dog and stand on the table . the kitchen table loom before they , a mammoth chasm separate the two piece of furniture . ron great . now all we need be a helicopter . don can we throw thing at they to wake they up ? ron what be we go to throw ? ron point to a thimble , four time he size . ron want to try chuck this , hercules ? amy cut it out . we will think of something . Russ roam around the sewing table . even the regular-sized needle be titanic , he come across a small , portable sewing kit : the kind you buy in a five and dime store or get for free in a hotel . it consist of a small envelope , a few tiny but - the teeny ~ weenies 87 lo ton and needle 1 / 4 the size of you everyday , household needle , Russ pick up one of the small needle by one end . it 's far too big to throw . amy can you throw it ? little russ not a chance . he begin prowling around again , all the kid do . Nick trip over a small rubber band . Russ grin . little russ maybe we can shoot it , though . ron grab the rubber band , ron not a bad idea . don this genius stuff be spread . Russ take a small spool of thread and place a strand of thread through the needle . he hook one end of the thread to a splinter in the table - top , anchore it . he then make sure that the spool hold the rest of the thread be jamme tightly down on a large needle stick into a pin cushion in the sewing kit . . little russ this ought to hold . maybe we can shoot this thing at you dad . if we hit hin , he 's sure to wake up and spot we . ron suppose we miss ? Little Russ point to the way the needle be thread . little russ it 's like a harpoon . if we miss , we pull it back and try again .... I hope . Russ walk up to the rubber band , puzzle over it . he try to stretch it between the point of a scissor . it pop off , don ( look at a nearby spool ) we can make a spool cannon . he take a small spool of thread and roll it on its side in front of the rubber band . the kid take the rubber band and the teeny -weenies 88 Vo stretch it around the spool . Russ take the needle and ° place it inside the round cylinder . the kid hold the side of the spool . Russ grab the end of the needle , place it against the rubber band strung around the spool and , slowly , pull the needle back . further . further . finally , it 's 75 % out of the cannon muzzle . little russ great idea . he peek through the " spool barrel " of the cannon . the other kid take they place on either side of the spool . he peek through the " spool barrel " of the cannon . the other kid take they place on either side of the spool . little russ a little to the leave . the kid push the spool . little russ a little more . a little ... perfect . . little russ ( strain ) co ready . aim. fireli !! he let the needle go . int , kitchen , day the rubber band recoil with a spron . the needle soar towards the table , the spool of thread it 's affix to whirling madly . int . kitchen , day the needle go sailing past Wayne and wind up embed itself in a orange rest in a fruit dish in the middle of the table . sploosh . ext . sewing table , day the kid stare at the far off orange . ron we be sink . little russ no we be not . let 's just pull it back . i D they tug on the thread , try to dislodge the needle from the — orange . it will not budget . as one , the child stop yanking on the thread , lo ety : ron now we be sink , they gaze at the kitchen table . it 's only one or two normal size foot away but a good mile or so from the kid ' point of view . span the chasm between the sewing stool and the kitchen table be two strand of thread , hook into the needle , Nick " '' twang " the thread . it quiver but seem very , very solid . little russ ( smile at Nick ) ever go tightrope walk ? nick ( nervously ) no. Russ trot over to the spool of thread still attach to the needle . he pull the thread taut around another needle , cause the newly form rope bridge to tighten . he then walk over to the edge of the sewing table . little russ the only we be go to get onto that table be to climb over . ron like on a rope bridge ? little russ right . like in scout . ron look at the linoleum floor mile below they . ron no offense , but in scout , they never ask we to climb over the Grand Canyon . little russ you have a better idea ? : amy Russell , Nick will never make it . nick ( defiantly ) yes I will . little russ ( thoughtfully ) Amy might be right , Nick . we can wake up you dad and come back for you here . nick ( bristle ) no way . we all go together . the teeny -weenies 90 ron and Don pat Nick on the back . ron Way to go , scout . don ( to other ) he will make it . no sweat . Russ look at the double strand rope bridge before then . little russ I will go first , the trick be to move slowly and evenly . he get on the rope bridge , grab the top strand of the thread with he hand and slide he foot onto the bottom strand . little russ we will not be climb as much as pull ourselves across . understand ? the kid nod . they be scared stiff . little russ okay . let 's go . ge Amy get on the rope bridge next . her knee almost buckle as the bottom strand wiggle under she weight . little russ easy . do not be afraid . just hold on tight with you hand . that 's it . the twin be next on . ron gulp , look down at the dizzy view , grit he tooth and climb on . Don take a deep breath and do the same , don i. wish I be home watch tv . ron you and I both . Nick stand on the edge of the table . he gape at the floor far below and , then , at the kitchen table stand , tow - ering , at the other end of the bridge . he glance at quark . quark cock he head , flatten he ear and whine . nick I know just how you feel , 4 Nick take a deep breath and get on the bridge . he shut he eye for a moment and exhales . B the teeny-weenies 91 int , kitchen , day the thread wobble constantly as the teeny - weeny slowly inch they way across the rope bridge . little russ slow and steady . Fine . Fine . can you all say that ? slow and steady . and slow and steady . the kid begin to chant " slow and steady " as they rhythmically work they way across the bridge . the bridge begin to tilt upwards towards the table top . the camera slowly pan across the frighten face of the child as they chant and begin the trek upwards for the last fifteen inch or so ... ext . table , day we see a slight tug on the thread attach to the needle . the needle , still embed in the orange , begin to jiggle slightly . Wayne and Diane sit , sleep at the table . int , kitchen , day quark sit in the corner , amaze at the going on . int . kitchen , day still chant " slow and steady , " the kid continue they crossing . suddenly , Amy lose she foot . she shriek , she foot dangle in the air , little russ just hang on ! hang on ! she desperately try to get she foot back on the bottom strand of thread . her lack of balance cause the other kid to sway dangerously on the thread , the kid shout as they try to steady themselves , slowly , Amy regains she foot . little russ be you okay ? amy I have be better . little russ okay . we be almost there . slow and steady . everybody . slow and steady . the thread suddenly begin to quiver . the teeny -weenies 92 amy what 's wrong ? little russ ( alarmed ) I do not know . come on . faster . fast and steady . fast and steady . ron make up you mind ! ext . table , day on the table top , we see that the needle - anchor be beginning to work itself loose from the orange in a big way . each twinge on the thread cause by the kid ' foot and hand be make the needle wriggle more . int . kitchen , day the kid be pull themselves upward for they life . they be a mere inch or two from the table top . the thread be jiggling madly now , little russ come on ! hurry ! ron I do not like this ! don you think I do ? Nick can not speak . he 's wheeze , now , pull he own weight furiously . he begin to gasp . the other kid turn and stare as Nick launch into a full tilt asthma attack . he desperately reach into he pocket for he inhaler . he produce it but it tumble out of he hand , tumble towards the floor far below . he be gasp for breath . his face be red . Russ turn towards he . russ Nick , you do not need that junk . you be go to be all right . take deep , steady breath . okay ? try it . slowly . Nick begin breathe in and out , in and out , in and out . gradually , he stop gasp . russ better ? Nick nod he head . he be scared stiff . the teeny -weenies 93 the floor seem to sway below the child . they continue to.climb . ext . table , day the needle continue to wriggle . int , kitchen , day Russ be within a hair of the table top when .... ext . table top , day the pin sprong loose from the orange . the needle begin to slide across the table . int . kitchen , day Russ hold desperately onto the edge of the table as the thread go limp . the kid lose they foot and cling to the thread as it drop down like a elevator san shaft . the needle zip along the table top , come to a abrupt halt as it hit the lip of the table and get wedge in the formica . Russ climb ontop of the table and grab the thread . = little russ hold on ! hold on ! Amy , ron , Don and Nick cling to the thread . Russ begin to pull the thread taut , use every ounce of he strength . . little russ try to climb ! try ! Russ cling desperately to the thread , hold it as tightly as he can . he put all he weight behind it . on- the thread , the remain child have to climb , hand over hand up the thread , wrapping they leg around the lone , taut strand , Amy get to the top of the table and pull herself up and over . she lean down and grab ron . she pull ron up . Russ hold the thread desperately . ron pulis Don up . now , the only child remain , dangle from the needle be Nick . ron come on . grab the thread . { ) ron and Don grab the thread and , with they brother , hold it taut . Amy grab on and pull back , try to give Nick every advantage . Amy , the close to the edge of the table , the teeny - weenies 94 gaze down at Nick , terrify . in spite of the tautness of the thread , she do not think the little boy will make it . amy ( to the boy ) can you handle this thread ? Russ and the twin nod " yes , " strain . Amy , still hold the thread , call down to Nick , amy Nick . stay there . I be come down to get you . Nick stare at the table top above hin . nick ( wheeze ) no . I can do it . I can do it ... by myself , Nick slowly , laboriously , begin to shinny up the taut thread , Hand over hand over hand . knee wrap tightly around the thread . Hand over hand . knee up . knee up . Amy watch silently as Nick grimly continue he ascent . amy ( to Russ ) he will never do it . little russ sure he will . come on , Nick . ron / don come on , Nick . come on . | with the boy chant for he to " make it , " Nick push upward . his face be red with exhaustion . his forehead be a mass of sweat droplet . he climb and climb and , then , stop . he.is a inch away from the table top , the kid all cheer he on . Nick gaze down at the floor below hin . the view be dizzying . he see Amy 's worried face above he . take a deep , wheeze breath , he begin to climb again . finally , he make it to the table top . Amy extend a hand and pull he up and onto the top . Don , ron and Russ let the thread go and run towards little Nick . the needle become unstuck and zip by they and over the edge of the table . it tumble , in seemingly slow motion , towards the floor below . the kid surround Nick . the teeny -weenies 95 uf nick . ( wheeze ) I tell you I could do it . ron so , who say you could not ? don I know you could do it all along . Russ wink at Nick . Nick shrug . nick let 's get dad . ext . table top , day the kid run across the vast expanse of the table and stand in front of the slumbering parent . they walk up to Wayne , whose head be on the table , and yell into he ear . amy / nick dad ! little russ Mr. and Mrs. szalinski ! can ron J ~~ yo ! over here ! no response . the sleep parent still sit , mountain - like , in they chair . amy forget it . they can not hear we . ron I wish we still have that needle , I would jam it in ... don we will never wake they up . little russ and when they do wake up , they will need a neon sign to see we , Nick gaze glumly at the table top . he see the mound of salt Wayne have spill the night before . he gaze at it . Nick turn to ron and Don . ~ nick q } when explorer get lose in the snow , a they make snow sign , right ? the teeny -weenies 96 ron | yeah ? he point to the salt . don a salt sign ? the kid turn and focus on the mound of salt . ron smile , point to the abandon magnify glass . ron that ought to help , too . don lion scout to the rescue . ron and Don and run to the salt mound and begin laboriously fashion a large arrow lead to the magnify glass . little russ ( smile ) sometimes I be almost proud of that guy . Russ , Amy and Nick join in the construction of the arrow . the finish work be some three inch long , the arrow " head " point to the magnify glass . once the arrow be finish , the kid all huddle beneath the magnify glass . nick when dad wake up , he will have to see we . amy they look pretty tired . they could sleep all day . nick quark . hey , quark . wanna eat ? int . kitchen , day quark , hearing the tiny but distinct voice , wag he tail . he run to the food bowl . there 's no food there . the dog turn , puzzle , towards the table . nick ( v.0 . ) Chow time , quark . the dog begin to bark . Wayne stir slightly . quark begin to whine and bark again , circle he empty bowl . Wayne 's eye flutter . the teeny -weenies 97 ext . table top , day the kid watch Wayne slowly awaken . little russ all right . you be dad 's waking up . don everybody move around . little russ shake it . the kid begin to dance and wave under the magnify glass , Wayne wake up and launch into he habitual morning sneeze . a sudden gale of wind blow across the table top . little russ hold on . the kid cling to each other as they be buffete by the wind . half of the salt arrow be blow away . int . kitchen , day Wayne stretch . wayne not now , quark . he get up to leave the table when quark suddenly leap onto he lap and , then , onto the table . diane ( waking ) what 's go on ? wayne quark 's go bonker . Wayne turn and be about to yell at the dog when he spot the remainder of the arrow and , then , the magnify glass . ext . table top , day Wayne gape at the dance kid . | wayne oh my god . diane ( spot the glass ) what ?... what ? wayne ( near tear ) you be alive ! you be safe ! the teeny -weenies 98 not the kid continue to wave and yell . Diane lean down towards they , diane thank god they be all right . ron ( even though he can not be hear ) you should have see we ten minute ago ! she make a move to grab the kid . they duck , Wayne restrain she . wayne do not touch then . she pull she hand back . wayne they be too small to handle . we may hurt they . diane that 's right . he face the kid , gently lift up the magnify glass . wayne do not worry , guy . you be safe now , wait right there . the twin look at each other . ron where do he expect we to go ? Amy hug Russ . little russ everything be go to be all right , now . Nick smile , collapse into a sit position . phew ! Wayne bring a spoon over to the table and set it down next to the child . | wayne can you make it up here ? Nick be the first one to leap into the spoon . . nick oo come on , slowpoke . Russ and Amy share a amused grin and climb into the spoon . the teeny -weenies 99 the twin follow with a whoop . ext . spoon , day Wayne carefully lift the spoon . int . kitchen , day he head for the stair lead up to the attic . . wayne ( to Diane ) get the johnson over here . i'11 warm up the machine . quark leap off the table and follow . amy ( from the spoon ) you be a hero , quark . that be a two milkbone move , the dog wag its tail merrily . int . attic , day in the attic , Wayne carefully place the spoon in the target area of the room while Diane hold quark in she arm . a os stricken mae Johnson stand nervously next to she , link she ~— arm in Diane 's . Big Russ be dumbfounded and , as usual , irate . big russ you be a maniac , szalinski . do you realize what you have do ? they be ruin for life ! wayne I have the atomic makeup compute . Wayne adjust the computer , focus it on the child . big russ if you hurt they any more , szalinski , I '11 personally re- do you house with my bulldozer ! wayne now , I have to figure the amount of space need to be place between they atom . mae please hurry . wayne it 's do . now , to add a extra dollop } of energy , to replace the energy they na lose when shrink .... the teeny -weenies 100 he make a move to turn on the machine , Big Russ tense . big russ if you blow they up .... Wayne withdraw he arn , diane what 's wrong ? wayne he have a point . I have not get the machine to work properly . but the kid have , int . attic floor , day the kid stare at each other , confuse . ron some genius . nick give he time . he will figure something out . int . attic , day wayne ( scratch he head ) somehow , the kid stumble onto something that I have be overlook , he then notice the twin 's baseball still rest on the floor . he smile . wayne Russ , toss I that ball ? big russ I oughtta bean you with this ball . he pick up the baseball and toss it to Wayne . Wayne study it . he gaze at the burn mark on the ball . he then make some adjustment in the machinery . wayne the answer have be right under my nose all along . big russ you like baseball . the teeny -weenies 101 C ) . wayne the machine use two beam , a laser tracking beam and the actual shrink beam . the tracking beam focus the second beam on the target . the reason thing have be blow up instead of shrink be that , when the beam collide , they generate too much heat . yesterday , this ball must have block the tracking beam . the shrink beam work all on its own . now , all I have to do be shut off the one beam ... he throw the switch into " on " position again . the machine sputter to life . the beam go skittering through space , wayne let 's see if it work . I need a a target . big russ you already blow up my hat . Wayne look about . he realize he still have the ball in he hand . he toss the ball before the beam . the ball be zapped and minaturize . the tiny ball fall next to the child . Nick turn to ron . nick I tell you he would figure it out . Big Russ be impressed . he turn to mae . big russ do you see that ? wayne now , all I have to do be reverse the polarity of the beam and ... add some energy . the machine begins to hum , the attic light dim and flicker . wayne come on . you can do it . come on . the particle beam go skittering through space , toward the floor . int . attic floor , day the kide begin to run and jump , try to position themselves in the spot where the crazy ray will land . the teeny -weenies 102 kide this way ! no , over here ! there it go ! get it ! int . attic , day the parent watch , amaze , as the little kid hurl themselves into the beam . russ be struck by one . he begins to grow and grow and grow . Big Russ ' mouth drop open and quark 's ear flop straight back as russ grow five feet tall . six feet tall . ten feet tall , fifteen feet . he head crack out of the roof of the attic . he feet , support the too heavy weight of he body , break through the floor . Wayne begin tinkering happily with the machine . wayne a few small adjustment . not to worry . russ reach down and pick up he father , holding he high in the AIR . little russ be I big enough for you , now , dad ? big russ Russell ! I never ... I mean , .. you be always big enough for I . put I down . please . I be sorry I yell . I will never yell at you again . you do not have to play football . you can play ... checker and it will be fine with I , honest . put I down . do not hurt I , please . I be you father , Russell , little russ smile and place big russ gently down on the floor . little russ I would never hurt you , dad . I be still the same old Russ . you see , dad , it 's not how big you be on the outside ... it 's how big you be on the inside that really count . size do not mean anything . Big Russ wipe he brow . he face , mae , sweat . big russ what a kid , huh ? the teeny-weenies 103 mae ( grin , relieved ) uh-huh . Wayne adjust the machine . russ shrink to he normal size as the other child grow up into there normal height . Amy and Russ hug . Wayne and Diane rush towards they kid . Big Russ and mae do the same . ( the word come fast and furiously as emotional pandemonium reign . ) Diane put she Wayne hug he nick ( hugging Wayne ) I know you could do it . you be something else . arm around Wayne , diane you be something else . kid . wayne I promise you .... i'1l never ignore you again . if you ever , ever think I be do that .... nick we will make you eat Amy 's egg . amy twirp . the twin stand , side by side , compare height . ron be on he toe . ron hey , look . I wound up taller than you . don you be on you toe . ron be not , don be too . Big Russ and Little Russ stand , face each other . big russ son... if I have ever ... well , make you feel bad ... about ... Little Russ give a startle Big Russ a hug . the teeny -weenies 104 a i little russ do not sweat the small stuff , pop . Wayne straighten up . wayne hey , explorer , how about some breakfast ? - kide yeah . diane pancake and fresh maple syrup ? the kide oh , no ! no syrup ! please , the parent look as each other , confuse . nick ( to adult ) it 's a long story .... int . science conference room , day later , at another science conference , we see Amy , Russ and '' Nick speak before a large gather of scientist . Nick oo be hold quark . . amy »..and , then , my dad use he amazing electro~magnetic pulse device to restore we size . nick and that 's how it happen . little russ really . Wayne smile and step up to the podium . ' wayne you ask for proof , gentleman ? here be you proof . Three live subject . who have prove that size can be alter . he be nearly laugh out of the hall . Dr. frederickson lead the jeer . frederickson it 's a fairy tale , szalinski . you can hardly call the storey of ... child ... credible scientific proof . Vo the crowd continue to laugh . in the audience , Dr. brainard look concerned . Wayne wait for the hoot to die down . he glance at Diane , in the audience . she 's sit next to the teeny - weenies 105 i mae and a very , very smug Big Russ ( wear a brand new olympian cap ) . big russ ( mutter ) damned egghead . wayne I think you might consider this all far-fetched . he smile and exchange know glance with the three child on the stage . wayne so , I bring along , a , um , visual aid . Dr. frederickson ? would you be so kind as to open the back door . puzzle , frederickson move towards the door . he swagger , actually , a know - it - all in control . the door burst open and the twin gallop into the room on the back of they now - giant ant , ron hold a full bag of oreo - before the ever -hungry insect . the ant chase frederickson around the room . the scientist gasp and scatter . Big Russ stand , emit a roaring laugh . big russ I love it . I love it !!t. Dr. frederickson be panting , horrify at the monster pursue he . frederickson call it off ! call it off ! you will get the grant ! halp ! halp ! in -a corner , Dr. brainard smile whimsically . he casually light he pipe . brainard interesting . the ant skitter round and round the room , chasing frederickson and the oreo . quark yipe from the stage , then jump out of Nick 's arm and begin chase the ant , bark at it . Diane and the johnson walk up to Wayne . Russ slap he on the back . the two man share a hearty laugh . the ant gallop up one wall , across the ceiling and down . the opposite wall , the twins whooping , quark barking . — the teeny-weenies 106 the scientist continue to scramble . frederickson continue to run for he life . quark chase the ant , the ant turn and curiously check out the little dog . quark turn tail and run away , whining . on the stage , Little Russ , Amy and Nick watch the scientist dodge and duck and frederickson screan . nick I think they be impressed . Amy and Russ nod , laugh . Wayne and Diane stand , hand in hand , watch the scientist cower under they chair . the twins , whooping like wild indian , continue to gallop around the room on there ant . in the middle of the panedemonium , the Johnson family and the szalinski family stand side by side . Friends , neighbor . the kind of just - plain - folk who live right down the street from you . well , almost ,