honey boy written by Shia labeouf ext . wrecked airplane on a wrecked set - afternoon scrap metal part : everything that can not be salvage . giant green screen be locate at key point . Black smoke . otis lort ( 22 ) look into the camera . he 's laser focus and fine- tune like a owl statue . close on : otis register a threat . we can not see it . but it 's no good - he hold up he hand , terrify . otis no ... no , no .... no. no , no ... on invisible impact - ramp speed : blood fly , skin ripple . otis be ratchete hard across a flip car , explosion go off on cue all around he . debris and black smoke everywhere . and ... CUT . we see the director get excited about the shot in a hand hold monitor . otis get lower to the ground still tie in a harness . the stunt coordinator arrive and spray the set and otis with foam . 2nd a.c. enter with the stick . otis walk back up to reset . he look into the camera to do it all over again . Frame up on the slate : 2005 to black . int . wrecked set - late afternoon we be over otis 's shoulder , walk stiffly through production in a body harness he can not remove . as he walk towards he trailer we see flash of various action scene he 's film for the movie . - shirtless and fist-fight in a dark trailer ... and CUT . - break out of jail through a underground tunnel ... and CUT . - wandering through the desert hold a shotgun ... and CUT . until he reach he trailer . int . STAR wagon trailer - early evening door open . Light switch . otis enter he plushy trailer . fruit basket . chandelier . it look neat . otis be a mess . he be still in he body harness . he put he finger in he mouth to calm himself the way we learn later he do when he be a kid . like a pacifier . he sit back but he back get pinch by the harness . he jump forward and reach for the back strap . he can not get it . he try again . nope . he grab a bottle of water and take a sip . a breath . shake he arm . leans forward and try again . he touch it . he touch the strap ! he stop . New plan . he find room in the middle of the trailer , bend down start sway with he arm around he back , try to catch the strap . Left , right. fuck ... almost . he take a break . look for he pack of smoke . can not find they . he open a gift basket and pull out a bottle of whiskey . he downs a third of the bottle . he open the fridge , close it before he look inside and run out of the trailer ... we shot remain lock off . otis ( 0.s. ) anybody got a walkie ! fuck I ! we see the water in a glass on the table settle . we watch the chair stop spin . then we hear otis run past we the other way . his breathe have quickened . we hear he punch the side of the trailer in frustration . bang ! otis ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be in this fuck ... you fucker light I on fire and leave I ina vice !!! he storm back in the trailer and lean forward . stretch he arm in front of he and slowly bring they around . he start sway again . Left and right. Left and rightttttt .... fuck . 3. otis kick the stove again . he punch it again and again . beat. guilt . he try to fix the bent metal . he sit on the couch and look at it . he stand up and open the trailer door . he prop the door open and sit on the stair . he fold he arm . he 's uncomfortable . he stand up walk back in but realize he get catch on the door . he try to swing out . otis ( cont 'd ) i'm here !!! I ’m alone in here !!! and I can't reach the thing -fuck !!! we see he hand go white as he grip the door rail . he manage to get off the door and go to the bathroom mirror . he look down and be about to break . he run the water and wipe he face , sit on the bed . he rise , walk back to the door and dent it with he fist as we flash to more scene from the film . otis 's character : - slam against a police car over and over again . scream . - wiping a shotgun clean in a blood red light room . - Fighting or flirt or maybe both , in a bath tub with a beautiful young actress ... and CUT . back to : int . STAR wagon trailer - early evening otis enter , lean he forehead on the top drawer . he breathes . for a long , long , long time . his breath purr like when you be about to cry . he pick up the whiskey bottle and downs half of it . he feel inspire . if he rotate he shoulder counter - clockwise , over he hip and can get the weight off he right leg ... the bed . he lay in the bed and reach behind for the strap while push he foot onto the wall of the trailer for leverage and lean on the edge of the bed wedge in the passageway of the trailer . he push ... he rotate his body and sit up with a red face ... knock knock . his co-star sandra ( 20' ) enter the room . she 's perceptive and kind . you also get the feel that this girl know everything in the world , in the best way . the intelligent way . good at help other way . sandra ready ? she see he . he 's struggle on the couch out of breath . she walk over and in one casual movement release he . he 's free . she lean right in for a kiss . it 's fire . he fall back with she on the bed and they open a new cycle of breathe and push around the room . he try to get she out of she shirt . she try to get he out of he ... somehow despite all the passion involved it look like the harness battle . int . chevy silverado - STREET - night honk honk ! Close on Sandra 's hand push the horn as otis drive . come up to find they in the car . otis in the driver 's seat . they be pass a extra smokey blunt . it 's thick . her leg be on the dashboard . they be now pass back a light half cigarette . otis drop it . he steer with he knee as he look down to find the smoke . bang . ramp speed : a Toyota Tacoma hit the break hard just as it make a full impact at 70 mph , cause the front end to go low . this shovel the truck , send it up and over . everything go silent . 5 . the whole world turn upside down . otis hold onto the window frame and Sandra as they corkscrew through the intersection . one flip . two flip . Three flip . imapct . airbag . upside down - otis be barely conscious . he look at he hand . the two finger he always put in he mouth be cover in blood . ext . police car - night otis get bump against a police car while be arrest , except this time it 's real life . he struggle and fight but they be hold he head down . otis what am I be arrested for ?? int . police car - night otis be arrest in the back seat . otis be scream at the cop behind the steel mash cage . otis you think you be fuckin’ hot shit ? Cause you doooooo not know how good I be at what I do ! they ignore he . int . jail cell - night total darkness . otis be terrify . otis why be I here ? come on ! answer the question you dumb fuck ! why be I hear ? answer the question ! int . car - the next day otis 's mom linda be drive . he stare out the window , he face cut in several place . he 's wear a hoodie and baseball cap and can not bring himself to look at she . int . rehab watsonville - common area - sunset beautiful light from every window . otis be terrify . he 's ask to take he shoe off . people mill about the house in pajamas . holding board game and stare at he . a black man be knitting a scarf . they exchange look . we follow otis and the R.S. upstairs and through a hallway . we walk through the door to a medical examination room . int . rehab - examination room - continuous a lock meds cabinet . otis strip behind a curtain and hand he clothes to the r.s . he get searched and they take he phone and he bag . after the clothes be look through he be hand they back . int . rehab - treatment office - day there be big mural of a forest . a small cactus on a little table . a white board with twelve name , small color dot next to each name , with weekly number of the s.u.d.s ( subjective unit of distress scale ) , and treatment profile . otis sit in a swivel chair . dr . moreno ( late 40 's ) , small woman with a no bullshit presence , add he name on the board and go back to she chair . she try to sit but she back be not make it easy . dr . moreno there be no guard on the premise otis . otis I notice . dr . moreno but since this be you third drunken altercation with the police , if you leave we have to notify the judge and you 'il serve that four year ... that 's the deal . otis right . dr . moreno so where do we start ? otis I do not know boss . you tell I . I be obviously not equip to make any decision ... I be a ego maniac with a inferiority complex ... dr . moreno let 's try again . otis how about ? I be a professional schizophrenic ... what do you want I to say ? I be a piece of shit . Dr. moreno look at he for a minute . otis 's eye be terrify and he body be wire . she turn around on she chair . it 's painful . she pull out a notebook from a stack . she hand it to otis . dr . moreno I want you to write a account of you memory so we can get you start with imaginal exposure . otis what 's that ? dr . moreno it 's a simple way to stop avoid trauma reminder that get you trigger . otis I avoid trauma reminder ?? my whole job be motivate by trauma reminder . it 's a requirement . dr . moreno we be not talk about you use trauma for you work . I be talk about triggers that make you distress level unmanageable and result in violence . otis like what ? dr . moreno whatever make you angry be usually a good place to start . beat . dr . moreno ( cont 'd ) otis , I have be do this for a long time ... I see you test and you have clear sign of p.t.s.d. otis no I do not ... from what ?? we hold on he face and cut to title : honey boy flashback to : int . soundstage - day - sometime in the past young otis lort ( 12 ) peer into the camera . he stare for a while . he 's once again laser focus and fine - tune like a owl statue . he run he tiny hand through he bowl cut and look to the lens with a adamant , striven for smile when ... a whip cream pie smashes into he face . on impact - ramp speed : his hardly anything body be ratchete out of focus into the air . slow motion : otis fly in the air until - normal speed - he hang in the air hold by a wire . in front of a white picket fence . the form of a stunt coordinator arrive . he help otis down , give he a weary high five , and begin to walk he right back to center to do it all over again . 2 nd a.c. enter frame with the slate . Frame up on the slate : 1995 to black . int / ext . raleigh studio - late afternoon fade in : we be over otis 's shoulder , walk stiffly ina body harness out of a dark soundstage on the lot . he pick up he disc - man that he leave behind . play . adult figure surround he in silhouette . make -up lady ( 0.c. ) otis . she grab he and quickly wipe he face from all the pie leave over . he keep walk . two people walk behind he carry a beautiful sky matte painting . they pass to reveal - jame lort ( 35 ) , in - artfully wear a bandana on he head to cover he pronounce bald . he figure more hair be more hair = thick sideburn . his vest tell you he be in the combat vet mc , Desert Storm . he pitch casually to the crafty woman , pam . a fairly attractive , straight - lace woman circa he age . she 's get no choice but to listen . otis arrive mid-conversation . jame I have a chicken name henrietta lafowl . pam henrietta lafowl ? jame World 's first daredevil chicken . otis dad , can you loosen the back part ? jame one sec pal ... so I have come out , put she on my head and do cartwheel . henrietta have run from my head to my butt , from my head to my butt ... pam oh wow . otis try to get out of he harness . no luck . jame yes , mar 'am . spend a lot of time with chicken ... rodeo . lot of time . pam I can imagine . 10 . otis dad , I can not ... James reluctantly start unbuckle he son 's harness while continue he story . Pam be watch they both . jame ... use to put she on my head , top of my hat . I have run a electrical wire down my sleeve to she ... could not see it . I would go and put a k.f.c. bucket on the floor , light the rim on fire for drama ... and when I have hit that electrical charge , henrietta have fly off 'a my head and land right there in the center of that bucket . hey - o ! pam oh ... jame crowd eat it up . I once open for the stevie nick at the Forum ..... James be not look at what he be do . otis feel a pinch . otis oww ... fuck , dad . Pam react to the curse word . James track that . give otis a '' leave it to beaver '' disciplinary slap on the hand . jame hey . what do we say about talk like that ? they share a know look . otis do not wanna cock -block . he play up he innocence . dad play up he caring father . they perform together . what better practice for a young actor . otis that we ... that I be not suppose to talk like that . jame apologize to Pam . otis I be very sorry Pam . Pam try to be nice about it . 11 . pam that 's okay . jame go hang up you wardrobe and thank donna for the day . you have a good day otherwise . otis yes , daddy . James be wear he proud father face as he watch otis head off . he then pivot instantaneously to chase pussy again . jame so yea ... spend a lot time with chicken ... in all that time you know what I learn about chicken ... you know what 's that white spot be in the center of chicken poop ? Pam , whose never give as much of a shit about shit prior to this , be try to care . pam what be it ? jame that 's chicken poop also . hey -o ! get you . James laugh shamelessly at he own joke . it 's the kind of laughter that separate a clown from the crowd . jame ( cont 'd ) hey you get a phone number ? pam yeah ... jame can I get it from you ? he sense she hesitation . jame ( cont 'd ) later ? maybe tomorrow ? pam okay . 12 . jame have a good day . he walk out . ext . raleigh parking lot - late afternoon James gun the bike . otis jump in the back . Crew member hang out while eying James . otis know what they be think . we stay behind . ext . busy boulevard - sunset - continuous a burgundy Honda shadow 1200 , fly down the junction outside the parking lot , cause two car to halt and nearly cause a accident . Daily commuter at the helm be James . bandanna on he face now in a half shell helmet , cleave lane with confidence . his passenger otis , in a vespa helmet and a jan-sport , tuck he father 's hair into the back of he coat and hug he from behind . in this town , you discern people best by how they maneuver the road . James look over he shoulder and get between two drive lane cut off everyone in sight . he turn leave in the junction and cause a car in the come lane to halt . otis hand surf the wind to flip the driver off . close on : otis hold for dear life and enjoy the closeness . this be the close thing to a hug he know . asshole . James downshift , gun the yellow and expertly slide into he parking spot at the vista motel : a parking lot with twenty - five room and a swim pool . int . vista motel - pool - early evening otis jump into the motel pool . he dip under then surface and take a moment to himself . int . vista motel - bedroom otis sit by a little desk tuck in between the restroom door and the window . he 's review the next day 's line . 13 . ext . vista motel - parking lot across the parking lot a young prostitute be come back from a long night . otis watch she . this be little q , a queen in a T-shirt . you have guess thirty and be wrong . she 's barely 18 . she 's not as beautiful so much as she be fascinating . the white of she eye be neon white and soulful . she lean in when you talk . that type . her pimp , mama dj , pull up . she get out of she car and walk over to she . mama dj who you be talk to ? and I tell you not to wear that top do not I ? little q I do not have anything else clean ... int / ext . vista motel - bedrooom / doorway - continuous James stand in the doorway with a unlit cigarette between he lip while he watch over he bike . he shout out to another guest in a laundryroom we can not see . jame rocco ! I be in there ! ( to otis ) hey give I the call sheet . get the per diem in there . ( to guest ) do not touch ‘em rocco , that be my sock ! otis hand James a manilla envelope . James take out the cash inside and count before yell back across the lot . jame ( cont 'd ) you can not give it ten more minute ? James give up and light the cigarette . jame ( cont 'd ) they gotta get another washer and dryer in this place man , it 's turn into a nightmare . otis move to the bathroom . urinate with the door open . 14 . jame ( cont 'd ) oh no ... oh no ... hear that baby trickle ? you get one of they lil Jew rivulet . oh shit , you can thank you mother for that . you get a dick like a golf pencil son . otis it 's enough to get the job do . jame what job be you go to get do ? otis Girls . otis wash he hand ; zip he fly and head back to he little desk . jame Girls ? you could not fuck yourself with that thing otis . you probably get piss on you ball just now . you get wet ball right now ? otis ( eye roll ) I be twelve . James step toward the bathroom , take a piss . jame when I be 12 my dick sound just like this . only a dribble come out . jame ( cont 'd ) wait for it ... ( the stream pick up ) you hear that ? you hear the depth of that bowl ? that 's root buddy . that 's blood . where you come from . shit 's important but you do not give a fuck . James exit without wash he hand . on he walk back to the doorway he flick otis in the chest who be still read he script while keep two finger in he mouth . jame ( cont 'd ) what I just say ? 15 . James , grab another smoke and open the front door , light he Kool and stare at he bike . that hit jame ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? what I just say ? you do not listen that 's you problem ... and you be selfish . I just tell you about you family and you be over there just stare at the thing ? I see you , you be concentrate . I know it take a lot of concentration to play a twelve - year - old . have a pie fight . I get it ... otis .-- it 's not a pie fight . jame oh yeah ? what do you get tomorrow ? I know what it be . it 's clowning , poop-butt ... with line ; it 's the same thing as clowning . it 's rodeo . otis it 's not . jame it 's not what ? the fuck would you know ... you never be to a rodeo . otis yeah , I have . jame do not lie to I . when ?... who take you to the rodeo ? otis Tom . James . he look back at he bike . jame Tom take you to the rodeo ? of course he do . where do you go ? otis I do not know ... it be a rodeo . jame see , you can not remember . see there . they have clown at you rodeo ? you go to pomona . that 's not even a fucken rodeo . that 's a fair . ( more ) 16 . jame ( cont 'd ) you go to a fair . you come see I in Muskogee , boy . that 's the rodeo . I be talkin bout light . attraction . animal . face-paint . costume . commedia del 'arte . I make that bull run till I break every bone in my culture ass . otis it 's different ... I be not a clown . jame you bet you lil 's dick it 's different ... it 's all the same too . motherfucker ... ( across the parking lot ) he in there ? hey ! rocco ! do not I just say ? that be my sock ! ( back to otis ) goddammit give I the call sheet and get the bag . this motherfucker . otis take a breath , put he highlighter down and grab the manila envelope out of the trash . he reach in and hand a piece of paper to James . ext . vista motel - parking lot - continuous James and otis walk towards the laundry room . James hold the call sheet , otis the laundry bag . jame ( to rocco ) thank you . you will get it after . otis hey , um , dad ? jame six a.m. you gotta go to sleep early tonight . otis yeah . about that . a.j have get I ticket to the dodger 's game . jame no shit ? that be really cool . otis ' Cause nomo 's pitching so he 's go to take I to the game after set tomorrow . 17 . jame who be pitching ? otis nomo . jame his name be nomo ? otis yeah . nomo the tornado . jame no shit . otis I be go to need some of that per - diem for a hot dog ... jame shit a name like that he could probably strike they ' out blindfolded , this guy . otis probably . James reach for he back pocket and hand otis some cash . jame you know what they call a japanese blindfold do not you ? otis stop in the laundry room doorway and look back . jame ( cont 'd ) they call it a shoelace . James crack up at he own joke . jame ( cont 'd ) hey ! come on now , that shit be funny you know it be . int . vista motel - laundryroom - continuous James follow otis inside . he 's still laugh . jame I be get ready to lean into another one , you see I come with it ? ( more ) 18 . jame ( cont 'd ) I be go to hit they with that sum ting Wong joke . you know that one ? you know it 's funny ! James jokingly poke he . otis recoil and accidentally knock James in the face . James be piss and take off he glass . jame ( cont 'd ) hang on now buddy , you gonna break my shit . otis I do not mean to ... jame load the fuck bag up . watch where you hand be go , man . they start to take laundry out of the dryer . jame ( cont 'd ) so you be go to this game with aj ? otis yeah . jame who be drive you ? otis a.j ... James put he hand up on a laundry - cart in the center of the room . he be not play at all anymore . jame no , no , no . you be go to the game with a.j. but who be drive ? Cause he 's fourteen year old and he parent be in castaic , so who be drive you to the game ? a long beat . from the other side , otis put he hand on the laundry - cart too , so they be now face to face . otis tom. 19 . jame Tom 's drive you ? that 's all you get to say to I ? otis I be sorry dad . jame for what ? otis let 's go of the laundry - cart . otis for lie to you . I just think you would get weird , ya know ? otis start put clothes in the laundry bag . int . vista motel - parking lot they walk back to they room in silence . int . vista motel - bedroom they enter the room and James immediately shut the door . jame pull out five sock . otis five ? jame yeah . you do two . you drop it you do ten pushup . otis hand he dad three pair of roll up sock and keep two for himself . they start juggling . throw the sock up in the air to themselves and to each other . otis hey dad ? remember how you say you be go to build I a treehouse ? jame we never own a tree , son . buy I a tree and I will get to work . otis drop a pair of sock . jame ( cont 'd ) what be that ? 20 . otis I be sorry . jame pick it up . he do as tell and they start juggling again . otis you go to you meeting ? jame yeah ... otis be it good ? jame yeah . James drop a pair of sock and pick it up . otis miss it ! jame we be even . ( back to the conversation ) yeah ... Ray 's get 45 year ina row ... big cake . otis woah . jame I be come up on four myself , you know that right ? otis that 's crazy . otis drop a sock . jame alright go ahead . otis ten ? jame yup . ten. otis start do push-up . 21 . jame ( cont 'd ) you gonna give I a cake ? otis ( mid push - up ) yeah if you want one . jame you know what else I want ? otis what ? jame to meet you buddy Tom and make sure he 's not a chicken-hawk . otis stop do push -up and get up . otis he 's not . jame I want to make sure he 's not . otis you need to trust I . jame no you need to trust I ! I do not know why I do not get to meet he . otis Mom think you 'il get weird . jame you mother think a lot of thing that be not true . you mother life in fuckin’ space . otis she 's always be there for I . jame yeah she 's be there for you and she 's be at the Renaissance Fair . I have be there for you too . I be the one that get you up at four in the morning . who 's the one here now ? otis she 's busy ! she have a job . otis sit 22 . jame why be she busy ? why do she have a job ? think it through . play the tape out . down on the bed . jame ( cont 'd ) what do you mother have a job for ? otis just in case . jame in case what ? otis I do not know ! jame in case you fail . James drop down to eye level with otis . jame ( cont 'd ) in case it do not work out . otis no. jame yes man . she 's fill you head full of fear . I would never do that to you . I pump you full of strength ! because we be a team and I know you get what it take . you be a fuck star and I know it . that 's why I be here . I be you cheerleader , honey boy . you trust I ? otis yeah . jame okay then ! i’1l make you a horse trade . I will give you this pack of cigarettes -- otis the whole pack ? 23 . jame the whole pack ... if you bring he in here . you gotta smoke they in the bathroom though cause I do not want people to think I be a shit father . otis no one think you be a shit father . jame no one think I be a shit father ? you be mother think I be a shit father . otis that 's in you head . jame Tom think I be a shit father . otis that 's also in you head . jame how do you think you get in the big brother program ? huh ? what 's the main reason ? otis there be no main reason . jame yeah there be a main reason . you gotta have a shit father . otis no ... jame yes you do . and you mother be advertising what a shit father I be every time you go to this fuckin 's dodger game or paint ball or dirt bike or whatever it be you be do . and look , I get four year sober son ... four year be real . you bring he over here and how about this , I will barbecue for he ? otis be not sure . 24 . jame ( cont 'd ) it 's just a start ... just plant seed ya’ know ? come on man . you gotta let I in a little bit ! otis just a barbecue ? jame yeah ... he hand otis the pack of cigarettes . otis okay . ( smile ) I will ask but it do not mean he 's go to come . James hold otis 's face in celebration . jame thank you ! that 's all I be ask you to do ! James get up , mission accomplish ... jame ( cont 'd ) you want a soda ? otis yeah . and head out of the room . otis stay on the bed look over the cigarette in he hand . he look for a lighter but can not find one . he put the cigarette behind he ear and start fold the forget laundry on the bed . close on : otis 's face stare into the lens , the glow of the motel t.v flicker off he face . on the screen : James , in clown face , in a desert . he 's look into the camera while perform with he chicken on top of he hat . jame ( on tv ) and now , lady and gentleman , boy and girl , perform live , henrietta lafowl , world 's first daredevil chicken . 25 . with the chicken still on he head , James turn away from the camera to face the desert . he do a headstand while henrietta climb he back to stop and stand on he butt . James , now stand on he head , with he chicken rest on he butt , look directly into the camera . jame ( cont 'd ) ( on tv ) henrietta lafowl ! World 's first daredevil chicken ! CUT to : int . rehab watsonville - bedroom - night - 2005 otis wake up breathe heavy from a dream . he look over and see percy still asleep . he 's okay . int . rehab - gym - night otis alone in the gym aggressively run full speed in he underwear . a physical therapist walk in and watch he . write something in he pad and leave . otis crank up the speed . ext . rehab - pool - afternoon Soft music play . a group of twelve client float in the pool . some be be hold by other . otis watch from the side . alec ( 30 ) , caucasian anger management coach , give he '' anger management coach exercise '' to the group while eyeing otis . we get the sense alec 's calm exterior seem to hide a suppress interior . alec can I get everyone 's attention please . we be go to do a small trust exercise , okay ? ( more ) 26 . alec ( cont 'd ) you be just go to grab you partner , good , now you just switch ... alec keep he eye focus on otis who can only manage to look away from the group . int . rehab - ping pong room - late afternoon otis be eat alone . in front of he knitting needle and a ball . he push they further and further away as he eat . int . rehab - office - later Dr. moreno sit in a swivel chair while otis pace back and forth . otis what be this ? what be you try to do ? you can not have I in the fuck room knitting for two hour ! dr . moreno what be you sud right now ? otis 70 ! dr . moreno okay let 's bring it down . I want you to name four object and let they bring you to the present moment — — we watch otis 's eye pick four thing . otis door ! vase ! lightbulb -- dr . moreno snap the rubber- band with each item . otis shoe ! ( snap ) shoe ! ( snap ) ( more ) 27 . otis ( cont 'd ) shoe ! ( snap ) shoe ! dr . moreno one more . otis contain he frustration . but it show . otis door . he slap the door . dr . moreno let 's try again . name four thing and let they bring you back into the room . he can not look at she again when he talk . otis no. he continue to pace the room upset . ext . rehab - chicken coop - day otis and percy retrieve egg and place they in construction bucket . perry you know chicken outnumber human 3 to 1 ? they be gonna take over the world , we gotta do something about this ! otis stop shoveling and sigh . perry ( cont 'd ) that 's a true fact . you can look it up . they get back to work . int . rehab - bedroom - night otis and percy be in they bed . the room mirror the Motel . percy share the fruit he save from lunch . otis eat it . 28 . percy ... you do not pray before you eat ? otis no ... after . percy why ? he take another bite . otis I be fuck with you . I do not . he go to brush he tooth . int . rehab - bathroom - continuous he close the door and stare at himself in the mirror as he start to pee . he watch himself as he listen to the sound of he urine . flashback to : int . vista motel - bedroom - morning - 1995 otis wake up but stay in bed for a second to stare at the ceiling . he get up and pack a few thing . he wait for the coffee maker with the shade draw . Light creep in through the slit . he pop a CD in he walkman and look at the dust specs in the light . he see James sleep in he bed . otis place a hot cup of coffee by he glass and a small wrap up gift . he rub he hand across he dad 's bare - foot to stir he awake and then grab he backpack and go . door close . James 's eye open . he grab the gift and open it . it 's a scratch not sniff watch . he scratch . and sniffs. 29 . ext . vista motel - parking lot - day James sit by the door with he coffee and work on bend two Paper clip into a lock opener . CUT to : ext . highway - interchange at lost hill - late afternoon patch of green the city water on large sprinkler system . James look over he shoulder and pick the lock to the LA riverbank 's gate behind the free -way . James lay he bike up and open he side - saddle . he pull out a bright '' adopt -a -highway '' safety vest , hard hat , glove , a pick - up stick , goggle and a white trash bag . he walk up and over to the bank of the freeway and lower to a knee . CUT to : int . aa meetup - evening Chandler Lodge 's moto-Meeting stag . eighteen man in chair sit in a circle under a awning smoking cigarettes . a few who be not club related . lawyer , a few dad , a old veteran , two twenty - something 's from a band , all encircle a folger 's can by the twelve or so motorcycle in the back . craig ( late 40s ) , look like a man who have be scraping the bottom longer than the top , be in the midst of a share ... James watch he like a hawk . craig I guess I be here because of my old man ... he be a preacher . a bullshitter basically . a liar . a thief . but mainly he be never there for I . he be do he own thing . and I think wow , good , well cool for he . but what about I ? CUT to : 30. int . trailer - day otis sit alone in he trailer in pajamas . he open the door and look but no one be there . he head back inside and sit down and light up a cigarette . back to : int . aa meetup - evening Craig continue he share . craig nobody be there so I think I x11 drink it out . get shit -face work ... ya know ? it work like a charm . take away the '' cut and dry '' feel ... for a bit . CUT to : ext . highway - riverbank James kneel down and dig into the soil . back to : int . aa meetup - evening James adjust he posture to look taller than Craig . like little kid do when they take picture together . craig so I run with that because what else be offer . Church ? god? yes ... but that do not quite work for I ... it 's bullshit really . CUT to : ext . soundstage - early evening . otis , still alone , look to see if he ride be come ... back to : int . aa meetup - continuous Craig still share . James still watch he . 31 . craig I think if God be real , he build I with a question that only I can answer . and that 's what you have to do . you have to answer that question yourself . you have to do it yourself . you have gotta ultimately save yourself . James get uncomfortable and look around to see if anyone else be hearing this ... he check Craig . jame I be sorry , what book be you read ? craig I know what the book say but what I be say be what 's honest with I - — jame it say we come to believe , partner . why do not you read the fuck book again ? I can not do it anymore , man . he stand and leave while shouting over he shoulder . jame ( cont 'd ) you guy be gonna keep signing up for this shit why do not you just sign up for the Kool - Aid committee cause all you fucker be drink it . James leave the meeting still yell . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) why do not you write you own fuck book , huh ? craig you be not alone brother ! jame ( 0.s. ) shut the fuck up . I need a fuck meeting today ! and they let he go . CUT to : 32. ext . soundstage - night otis stand around still wait when a PA in a golf cart pull up . PA you get a ride otis ? otis yeah my dad be just over there get he bike ... PA you sure ? I do not see he on set today . otis yeah he be here ... yep . PA well good work today . take it easy . otis thank you . see ya ! she drive away . otis wait till she be out of sight and then start to walk home . CUT to : ext . wilshire blvd - night James and otis walk hold hand . as they approach a taco truck and its line of customer , James recoil and let go . now at the truck , otis hand he some money . otis I ' 1l get chicken taco . two please . James approach the window . jame I ' 1l get four chicken taco . you get horchata up there ? a girl see otis and whisper to she friend . they turn and stare . James clock it . 33 . jame ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . they recognize you . sometimes I wish I be you , man . otis you do ? jame course .... be famous , people chase I with camera and shit , woman ... not this junk whore ... you know , good one . otis what 's a good one ? jame dolly parton type . woman with a strategy . otis actually laugh now . jame ( cont 'd ) what 's funny bout that otis ? dolly parton 's get she shit together . you know she 's get she own theme park ? James grab they food and hand otis he tray . jame ( cont 'd ) you be not get a fuck theme park . CUT to : ext . vista motel - parking lot - night otis be asleep inside the room . James be sit outside . smoke . alone . Little q be back from another long night . she put she bag inside the room and sit outside to smoke a cigarette . James get up and walk past the grassy area between they room . he start to perform a small clowning / mime routine for she . she watch for a while and smile at he . he finish and bow to she . 34 . when he look up she 's go into the room . int / ext . tom 's car / vista motel parking lot - afternoon a beautiful yellow hot rod truck pull into the driveway with otis in the passenger seat . he 's in a dodger hat , hold a sign ball by nomo . Driver be tom ( 35 ) , a strong chin Hispanic man dress casually in a leather jacket . otis so uh ... he do not really like the Big Brothers program so just do not bring it up and stuff if that 's okay . tom oh okay . Tom apprehensively wave to James who be outside watch they park . jame wow . Nice car . tom hey thanks . I be tom. ext . vista motel - parking lot they shake as otis get out and run off to the room with he bag . jame I be he father . tom Nice to meet you . jame beautiful truck . you do the work on she ? tom sure do . jame pop it ! go ahead . Tom pop the hood . otis run 35 . jame ( cont 'd ) 292 huh ? tom this be actually the 352 . 5.8 liter . jame right . y-block , that 's the 292 ... tom y-block 292 to 272 , that be the big engine in the t-bird . jame that 's right , yeah . tom then they upgrade in ' 65 to the 352 cubic . jame fuckin 's pretty man . tom thank you brother . jame sit low four a 4 x4 be not it ? tom it 's the original coil spring on the I - beam . jame well all 64 truck have leaf spring in ‘em . tom you do not say ? back out in he swim trunk and head to the pool . jame you go swim partner ? otis yeah it 's hot ... jame smart. ( to Tom ) you good in that coat boss ? 36 . tom yea . I be good , thanks . jame ok ... they follow otis to the pool . talk as they walk . jame ( cont 'd ) you know what ford stand for do not you ? tom it 's the old man 's last name . Henry ford. jame no sir . tom what 's it stand for ? jame found on the road dead . James laugh . Tom be polite . otis keep walk ahead . ext . vista motel - pool - continuous otis get in the water . we stay with he watch they nervously as they get to know each other . jame so you work for the FBI or something ? tom no nothing like that , that 's a little out of my pay-grade . I ’ma passport specialist . jame oh what 's that ? State Department ? what the fuck you doin 's over there ? tom I majore in telecommunication , I be half mexican ... so I have get a vested interested in fight discrimination here in the city ... 37 . jame that 's fantastic . ( to otis ) hey go get some soda and the ketchup ! otis hop out of the water . James toss he the key to they room . Tom sit . jame ( cont 'd ) so you be say you be a idealist ? yeah , man . that 's cool , I know a little bit about that . like , uh , ' I do not know where I be go but I be on my way there ! ' be I right ? tom yeah ... jame alright , take a seat man , we get a little time . James sit down next to he . jame ( cont 'd ) woo , sun in you eye ? tom no ... jame well it 's good have you here . tom I appreciate it man . I have hear all about ya . jame so what 's you story Tom ? tom I be from Detroit . I still have both my parent ... twin sister ... graduate from calvin in Grand rapid ... 38 . ext . vista motel - parking lot otis run out across the lot to the soda machine . we go with he . he pass the vista may do the round . int . vista motel - laundryroom - continuous otis arrive . Little q and mama dj be in a tense argument nearby . Little q 's shoulder be bruise . he listen in while pretend to look for he money . mama dj get outta my face ! mama dj leave . otis start to put quarter in the soda machine . once mama dj be go , Little q unearth a pack of cigarettes hide under the soda machine . beat . otis I like you jelly . little q jelly ? otis point at she shoe . little q ( cont 'd ) oh. thanks . like a business man , otis put he hand out for a handshake . otis I be otis . I live over there in number 6 . he 's twelve . it 's strange . she grab it and begin to thumb wrestle . she win . she keep he thumb under hers for a_ little longer . he 's uncomfortable . she smile and let go . she take out a cigarette but see it 's break down the center . otis , soda now in hand , notice . otis ( cont 'd ) hey ! wait right here ... back to : 39 . ext . vista motel pool James be man the grill . jame so calvin be a big school . I know that . they get a basketball program . that 's a expensive school be not it ? tom I have a little help . jame get to ! how the fuck you swing that man ? shit , mexican , come from poverty . gotta be hard as fuck to get in there . tom lot of hard work ... jame you get some kinda Spanish grant or something ? otis approach and listen in for the right moment to disturb . otis ( to Tom ) hey , be you good ? tom I be good otis thanks . otis ( to James ) dad can I bum a smoke ? James hand he one . otis ( cont 'd ) thank you . jame hang on to you butt . Tom know he can not interject but '' what the fuck '' . otis run off . we stay with James and Tom as he re-composes . jame ( cont 'd ) Love that kid . 40 . tom he 's a great kid ... jame yessir . tom I think that 's why the Big brother program be so important . to have more voice to listen to . jame sure I 'il bet . James plop a plate of burger on the table and sit down . jame ( cont 'd ) so this father figure -- tom I have a strong voice and now I have a chance to pay it forward . help out when I can . James lean forward to look Tom in the eye . jame that 's good on you . I appreciate you Tom . I know my son appreciate you also . he like you . I can see it on he face . James go to light a cigarette then stop . jame ( cont 'd ) I bet if you go over there right now and ask that boy who he want to be when he grow up , he would not say I . tom no ? James light the smoke . tom ( cont 'd ) why 's that ? jame I do not know . would he say you , Tom ? James stare into he soul . 41 . tom it 's not about that for I James ... jame what 's it about for you ? tom give back . letting somebody know you be there for they . be of service . jame no I know about that cause I doa little bit of service myself . I get about four year sober . tom that 's good . James laugh . jame be it good ? tom it 's great . jame it be great be not it . tom I have see a lot of life get ruin ... jame it 's tough . tom I can only imagine . jame one day at a time man ... look I do not know what you have hear about I Tom , but I know what you have not hear about I . what you have not hear about I be that if I catch you around my son again , in any capacity whatsoever , I will skull fuck you well - adjust twin sister 's carcass on top of you casket until my dick run through the back of she half - mexican brain plate . you hear what the fuck I be say ? 42 . Tom get up to walkaway . James shoot up . jame ( cont 'd ) you go to take that jacket off cause it 's hot as shit ? James start fiddling to get Tom 's coat off he . Tom resist . it get messy . a near brawl ensues and James throws tom into the pool . jame ( cont 'd ) get you own fucking kid ! and you own fucking sandwich motherfucker ! otis rush back over just in time to see James throw the bun at Tom in the pool . jame ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) I need the fuck ketchup . James walk out past otis look helplessly at Tom . CUT to : ext . rehab - pool - late afternoon - 2005 otis sit on the ledge of the pool try to ignore everyone in the water . alec ( to the group ) and now everyone find you way into the hug circle . everyone form a circle and hug themselves . alec hold himself as he speak to the group in a hushed tone . alec ( cont 'd ) otis will you please join we ? he do . alec ( cont 'd ) we all know what to do in the hug circle right ? this be a feel you can have anywhere you be . you can always come back here . to this pool , to this circle , to this feel ... ( more ) 43. alec ( cont 'd ) hugging yourself release the cuddle hormone . can you feel that ? the group sorta feel it . alec ( cont 'd ) that 's a tool we can use wherever we be . otis be not have it . otis you can not do this everywhere . alec you can actually ... otis you can not do this in a car on the freeway or in court . alec well maybe if you use this tool you would not end up in court . otis be not hugging yourself like tickle yourself ? like you can not tickle yourself ? percy shake he head . percy my shit feel good . I be release all they hormone ! alec percy you might be too good at this . percy it 's my fourth time in rehab ... and I try this in court , that 's how I end up here ! otis laugh . the group laugh . alec smile . ext . rehab - pool deck - early evening otis and percy be leave with everyone . alec otis ? 44 , he linger . percy head off . alec ( cont 'd ) I have a suggestion . in the next few day I would like for you to go to the wood alone and scream as loud as you can ... beat . otis be you fuck with I ? alec let I know how it go ... ext . rehab - tennis court - night otis and percy pass a cigarette under the star . percy they get you do exposure ? otis yea . she say I get p.t.s.d. percy get the fuck outta here . I think only soldier and black people get that shit ... otis laugh . otis I do not know . I just know I be stick here ... life be in session and this people be waste my fuck time . percy what do you know about time ? otis look at he . percy ( cont 'd ) my cousin get 8 year inside and they get a nigga here knitting a mother fuck scarf ... listen to you bitching about time . look at this place ? if my cousin see I he would beat my mother fuckin ass ... 45 . otis you should send he the scarf . otis crack up at he joke . percy what be I go to say ? stay warm nigga ... I be in this pool . hugging myself ... they laugh . int . rehab - ping pong room - the next day otis be juggling 5 ball with chicken face . one of the ball fall . he look for it . he look under the table and be startled when he see a actual chicken . otis reach out for the juggling ball as we CUT to : int . rehab - bedroom - night he wake up . he see percy asleep . it be a dream . flashback to : int . soundstage - craft service table - afternoon - 1995 otis look over he shoulder , coast be clear . he dip under the tablecloth and take he backpack off . he load it full of he father 's favorite goods . Coke , chip , chocolate , peanut butter , some slice bread ... ext . highway - interchange at lost hill - late afternoon the city sprinkler go off . a weed plant sprout from the dirt . James hop on he bike and take off . 46 . ext . soundstage - dusk otis wait outside . almost give up when James pull up on he bike . otis smile and they ride off . int . vista motel - bedroom - night James grab a snack from otis 's bag that be fill with the food otis steal from set . the phone ring , otis pick it up . otis ( on phone ) hey mah ... how be you ? yeah , yeah I be good , thank you . I be on set and Mr. walsh come -- jame Gary walsh . otis ( on phone ) Harry walsh -- jame gary walsh . otis ( on phone ) Gary walsh -- I do not know he first name -- he ask I if I want to be in a m.o.w ... Movie of the week . it 's shoot in Vancouver in a couple a month ... James listen to the conversation otis have with he mom , nodd he head ... jame otis ( cont 'd ) you need to get you ( on phone ) passport . oh , uh ... I think so . otis ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) I think he , uh , I think he can go . hang on , let I ask . ( to James ) she want to know if you can leave the country ? James sit silently and stare at otis hold the phone . jame why do she ask you that ? 47 . otis put the phone to he ear and listen . otis ( to James ) well she say , '' because of you record . '' James stand up abruptly , lean into otis and shout into the phone . jame I know because of '' my record ! '' I know because of '' my record ! '' I be ask why you be ask a twelve year old , woman ! James begin frantically pace around the room . jame ( cont 'd ) otis fuck I , man . you know , you ( on phone ) do not fuck get it . in 1l ask . ( to James ) do you want to talk to she ? jame ( cont 'd ) no ! fuck no , I do not want to talk to she ! not available ! Fucking drama queen ! otis ( on phone ) he do not want to talk to you ... oh , you do ?... oh yeah , okay ... she say , '' she can ask Tom to deal with the passport '' -- jame oh fuck fantastic ! great ! fantastic . oh , Tom 's gonna do it ?! yeah , Tom 'il fuck do it ! otis watch he father bounce around the room , thrashing everything around . otis ( on phone ) he 's ...he 's definitely not gonna come to the phone ... yeah ... jame tell Tom to come to the fuck phone ! James continue look for something . 48 . jame ( cont 'd ) dammit , where 's my lighter at ? ( to himself ) oh wow , you just want to keep push my fuck button , girl . otis patiently listen to he mom on the phone . otis ( on phone ) okay , and just repeat it ?... okay , I can try ... otis then parrot what he parent say as if he be they . as if he be play they to each -other . a young actor prepare . otis ( cont 'd ) ( to James as the mom ) '' I have long ago forgiven you , James . '' ... jame who you talk to ? otis ( to James as the mom ) '' but I be not the one who have to jump out of a move car so you do not rape I ! '' jame here we go . here we go with this fuck victim shit ! otis jame ( cont 'd ) ( on phone as James ) she do this every time she '' here we go with this fuck call up here . victim shit . '' jame ( cont 'd ) she go on and on every time she fuck call up here ! say it into the phone ! otis ( on phone as James ) '' every fuck time ! '' ... ( to James as the mom ) '' you be the biggest love of my life '' ... 49 , jame well then treat I better , bitch !! otis ( to James as the mom ) '' do you know what I go through ? '' ... James erupt and start yell toward otis again . otis hold up the phone so James can shout directly into it . jame what who go through ?!! they put I in a fuck box !! I do not even -- what be the point of call up here ?!! fuck !! otis put the phone back to he ear , listen to he mom 's response . otis ( to James as the mom ) '' I be always there for you '' -- James yank the phone from otis 's hand . jame go outside ! otis get up from the bed and walk outside . ext . vista motel - parking lot - continuous we stay with otis , outside of they room . watch James scream into the phone inside . jame ( on phone ) you know what the fuck I do ?!! I put my fuck ass on the line every fuck day !! for this boy ! for this boy !! otis pace back and forth not know what to do or where to go . he grab a stick head toward a debase car junk yard in the back of the hotel . ext . vacant parking lot - continuous otis walk amongst old rusty break down car . 50 . he pick up a brick from the ground . he look at it . feel the weight of it in he hand . he throws the brick through a car 's front windshield . Glass everywhere . otis rest on the hood of the car he just shattered . he take out he pack of Kool 's . he smell the cigarettes then take one out and light it . ext / int . aa meetup - alano club - night James lock he helmet down and walk up the stair of the alano club . we go up the stair with he , hover over shoulder as he greet the card player in the front room . they be happy to see he . it 's he day . James know everyone . carlo , a Hispanic man with long curly hair , hold the Blue Book and a laminate '' tradition '' page . he 's immediately avuncular . as James greet the group we hear he share . jame ( v.o. ) how you do , I be James . I 'ma double winner . aa group ( v.o. ) hi James . jame ( v.o . ) my sobriety date be June 4th , 1988 . carlos be my sponsor . moorpark be my home group . thank you for bring I in here . CUT to : ext . vista motel - pool - night otis spot Little q sit by herself . he walk over and notice she be look at a snake glide on the water like Jesus . James 's share carry we over the action . jame ( v.o. ) jocelyn Joy Ginger ... my mother . she write a lot of song . a lot of poem . ( more ) close on : otis sit beat . they both 51 . jame ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she end up as a alcoholic work in Shreveport , lucky luciano 's gambling casino and whore house ... and that 's where she meet my pop who be a alcoholic too . they be the only one leave in the bar ... sometimes love be like that ... the snake as he move . otis the fuck be that ? next to she . little q you can walk on water until someone tell you that you do not know how . little q ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? remain fixate on the snake . otis yeah . little q hey , be you cold ? come here . otis fall into she . she hold he . he smile . back to : int . aa meetup - alano club James still in the middle of he share . his eye close . everything from memory . jame I be 11 when my Mom tell I that she would rather be with woman and particularly this woman who be a mean ass woman and a outrageous alcoholic . she have beat you over the head till she break she hand and just keep lay in on you . just do not give a shit and would do it again the next day . always remember she hand in a cast ... 52 . he open he eye and look up . jame ( cont 'd ) Drama ... it be always drama . my mom end up fall out of a window and land on a freeway ... Major fuck drama . after she die I have booze and weed . you know ... I grieve she ... then I join the army to find some structure cause what else ? then I come home and I spun out . I do so much fuck cocaine I can not breathe out my nose no more . I start shoot in my arm . just do not give a shit no more . drink everyday straight . week . fell into a blackout . ( a long , tough , beat ) woke up a sex offender . they tell I I do not rape this woman but I do enough to get she to jump out of a move car ... that 's where my disease take I ... and they take I up to tehachapi and I stay there for three year and nine month ... lose a lot ... found the program in jail . found God in the program . found page 429 say that action that once make you feel completely ashamed and totally discourage will allow you to share with other people how to be a useful human be . by the gratitude of God I realize I have a son I have to raise . a boy . my boy ... otis . CUT to : int . vista motel - bedroom - night otis look at he reflection in the bathroom mirror . he look directly into he own eye . no shame . not yet . he feel good about himself and exit the bathroom into the main room . a pillow fly at he from he father 's bed . we find Little q. back to : 53 . int . aa meetup - alano club James look down , start to cry . jame I be try my best . for that kid . but I be in pain like a motherfucker man . CUT to : int . vista motel - bedroom - night otis timidly walk towards Little q. she reach out she hand . he rest he on top of hers ... she turn hers over quickly to try to slap he . they laugh and play . innocent but flirty . she look at he . she lean in closer and softly kiss he cheek . she close she eye . he kiss she eyelid . she open she eye and run she hand down he face . feeling emboldene he take off he shirt . they lay in bed . otis find a way under she arm . Little q hold he like a mother . give he warmth . otis nuzzle like a tomcat . he have a idea . he get up and pull out money from the nightstand . he get back in bed and look she in the eye . he rub she face like she rubbed he . he take she hand and place the money inside . he get up and leave . we do not know where to . she look down at the money ... CUT to : ext . rehab - wood - day - 2005 otis be alone in the wood . he walk for awhile and take a deep breath . he grab a walk stick . flashback to : 54 . ext . vacant parking lot - day - 1995 otis walk through the rusty car and find a stick . he rub the hood of a car . match CUT to : ext . rehab - wood - 2005 otis rub a tree stump . just like he be a boy . flashback to : ext . vacant lot - continuous - 1995 he stand on top of a car . he look up at the sky . he raise he arm and yell . it 's high pitch and hopeful . from he yell we match CUT to : ext . rehab - wood - 2005 where otis lift he head and scream as loud and as long as he physically can . until he be shaking and we hear a small shrill sound ... into rationalization and hysterical piss yourself manic laughter . flashback to : int . half banger trailer - morning - 1995 there be glittery silver party streamer tack up as decoration over the entrance of otis 's trailer . James and otis be play gin and drink coffee . the t.v. be on t.b.s. set-life whirlwind in the b.g. jame you be sandbagge ... do what you do , but ima 's catch you with they face card in you hand . otis if I have something , I have put it down . 55 . jame I know what you have . you have get a mirror behind you smart - ass . James pull he discard off the top . jame ( cont 'd ) I like that nine too so keep that come .... please ? otis no can do . otis lay down all he card . otis ( cont 'd ) gin ... fifty , plus whatever you get in you hand . otis grab the pencil and the paper . jame you ... fuck -n-hell ... twenty , twenty - five , thirty - five , thirty - six ... otis eighty-six ... he write it down . James stand to use the toilette . jame I fuck know it , too . I see it on you face ! otis be smile . otis I be get better ... learn to lie . jame you lie for a live , poop-butt . otis we all do . jame I do not . James come back , otis be shuffle . otis yeah , you do . 56 . jame I be a lot of thing honey boy . a liar be not one of they 's . otis you lie . jame never in my life . otis why will not you hold my hand ? James light a cigarette . exhales out the door . jame I do not want people think I 'ma chicken -hawk ... deal the card . I be go to get a soda . CUT to : int . rehab - alec 's office - 2005 otis walk in and go right to shake he hand . otis hey . I want to thank you . that be really amazing . I feel like a demon move out . that be powerful . alec be you act right now ? otis we all be . all the time . alec ok ... be you be sincere right now ? or be you mock I ? otis both . beat . alec I be not go anywhere . otis good . alec you be not gonna wear I out otis . otis .-- I be not try . beat . alec .-.- this be not I judge you . otis what be it then ? alec I tell you that I 'il see you in class . otis leave and slam the door after he . the coach come out after he . alec ( cont 'd ) otis , do you know how to close a door gently ? otis of course . alec how ? otis you pull with one hand and push with the other . alec smile . alec good . otis nod and walk away . int . rehab - dr . moreno office - later on the table be a notebook label dad . otis be pace . dr . moreno it 's ok to be frustrated . he still can not look at she when he talk . 57 . 58 . otis I just ... I do not need to talk about my fuck father . my dad 's not the reason I drink ... he 's the reason I work ! he just take credit for everything in my life that be good . my dad be the kind of guy that take credit for other people 's idea ... even he aa share be a amalgamation of other aa share ... beat . Dr. moreno stay quiet for a while until he look at she . dr . moreno so have you own idea be key ? otis 's face . dr . moreno ( cont 'd ) start write otis . without even realize it he hug himself as he think it over ... ext . rehab - near chicken coop / tennis court - dusk otis walk from the treatment facility across the campus to the housing unit as the sun drop . he see a single chicken wander around . he look at it . do its thing . free . he bend down and pick up a piece of chicken poop and examine it . otis ( sotto ) you know what the white spot be ? it 's more chicken shit . the chicken be on the move . he discard the poop and follow . ext . surreal trailer park entrance - evening otis enter a weirdly familiar trailer park that be setup in the same layout as the vista Motel . 59 . he keep follow the chicken until he see a motorcycle . he touch it . he see a trailer he recognize . he enter it . int . surreal trailer - continuous otis enter the trailer and start to hear a old recording . young otis ( v.o. ) give I a cigarette , dad . jame ( v.o. ) not until you get this scene . you be gonna make I laugh or be gonna do this all fuck night . young otis ( v.o. ) you know I be do you a favor ... by pay you to be my chaperon . give I a fuck cigarette , dad . jame ( v.o. ) whoa . you be do who a favor ? young otis ( v.o. ) you ... who else be gonna give a felon a job ? I be not stupid . otis pick up a radio and the reception scramble . he try to fix it until something outside catch he eye . ext . surreal trailer park - continuous otis walk towards a old man in a chair . as he walk he still hear the recording but now it 's 2005 otis and James . jame ( v.o. ) you be fuck you life up . otis ( v.o. ) yeah what have you hear ? jame ( v.o. ) I think they be go to put you away for real this time . otis ( v.o. ) that be not I . 60 . jame ( v.o. ) oh it be not you ? who be that then ? otis ( v.o. ) it be you . it 's magic . every single time I drink you takeover . jame ( v.o. ) oh yeah ? I takeover ? you dick get bigger too pecker- wood ? CUT to : int . rehab - bedroom - night - 2005 otis wake up . he look over at percy snore . it be another dream . he reach for the rubber - band on he wrist . snap . he try to go back to sleep . he can not . ext . rehab - tenis court - day otis be write in he notebook . on the ground be a sample of clean urine and he knitting . it 's a beginning of a scarf . ext . rehab - labrytinth - early evening otis and percy dance outside on a empty maze / recess area . int . rehab - bedroom - morning otis be type on he laptop in bed . he 's finally all in . percy be read '' nat - geo '' on he bed and drink lemonade . ext . rehab pool - late afternoon otis watch a ladybug crawl up he arm . he let it find its way until it fly off . flashback to : 61. ext . vista motel - pool - dusk - 1995 otis , wet from a swim , take a moment to sit on the ledge and smoke a cigarette . CUT to : ext . freeway nursery - dawn we watch the city water move over James 's first sprout . like one of that Vegas water - dance show . it 's beautiful . CUT to : int . soundstage - day a family house interior . unreasonable strong wind be blow . otis be in hair roller , lipstick and a nightgown . he be perform a karate sequence and mouth the sound fx to he sister ... his grandma be sit next to he . James sport a leave - eye shiner , a cut on he eyebrow and a swollen lip . he watch otis from off - camera with a touch of envy mix with pride . repeating line that he 's help he son rehearse . otis rain drop ! what 's up now dog ? I be the funny one around here ... I can probably kick grandma 's butt ! he look at he scratch and sniff watch , check the clock on the wall ... and walk over to the camera man . with one confident movement he shut down the camera in the middle of the take . the whole set be up in arm . jame I do not care . i’1ll be the bad guy . that 's it ! good take , good take . ( now clap ) you do it . good job everybody . let 's go . that 's it . it 's go to take another twenty minute to get the boy out of costume . ( more ) 62 . jame ( cont 'd ) we break for three hour of school today kev , you say it be over ten minute ago ? it 's be thirty minute ! get the man another watch ! they walk off while the crew remain silent . otis stop . otis dad I be get the scene ! James throws open the exit door . jame I do not care ! come here . ( to the crew ) child labor law ! CUT to : ext . vista motel - parking lot - night guest be party . mama J. Little q. play music and drink . have fun . not think about volume . int . vista motel - bedroom James sit on a bed rehearse line with otis who be pace . jame it say here you be part of that sight gag . that 's you opportunity . workout face be funny . you workout face be you opportunity ... flare you nostril when you breath ! show I ! James flare he nostril . otis that 's not funny though . jame what 's not funny ? otis when you flare you nostril . jame I like it a lot . I think it 's very funny . 63 . otis okay . Fine . jame just try it . otis let 's go . otis drop to do push-up . jame you be go to start on the floor when I tell you it 's a sight gag ? otis I tell you , it 's just for heart rate . jame I tell you it 's a sight gag how be I suppose to see you face ? otis I do not need to do it in the scene . it 's not go to happen in the scene . jame no one care about the fuck heart rate they just want to see funny face . otis I care about the fuck heart rate ! okay ? jame alright heart rate man . they want to see funny face but okay . ( read from script ) '' Jeff , come on it 's be over a hour . I gotta date with dewey ... I gotta get in there and do my hair . what be you do in there ? '' otis be breathe hard now , with the remote controller in he hand like a dumbbell . start to make some genuinely funny face as he say each word with each rep . he flare he nostril ... 64 . otis '' what ... if ... I ... be ... do ... some ... thing ... stupid ... in ... here ... jac ... que ... lin ... '' James laugh . it 's good . he join in and they both grunt and flex . James read again from the script . jame '' uh , as oppose to this ? '' otis '' I know you wanna hang out with you secret buddy '' -- jame ( correct ) buddy ... otis '' but I have '' -- they be interrupt by a loud argument outside between prostitute and mama J . James throw open the door and yell . jame shut the fuck up ! ext . vista motel - parking lot - continuous James storm across the lot towards the party . jame I can not think in here ! it 's twelve midnight ! shut the fuck up ! some of we get job ! they do not . he lose it . jame ( cont 'd ) shut the fuck up ! I don ’t do this shit to you ! turn off you quincinera it 's twelve midnight ! keep go with this shit I all call the bpd in a fucking heartbeat I don't give a fuck ! party goer go back to you side and worry about you son and yourself ! 65 . he turn and walk back to they room . int . vista motel - bedroom otis sit on the bed with two finger in he mouth . James slam the door and sit on he bed . jame I be go to crack in half . I swear to god this place ... there 's a pound knock on the door . James open it . it 's mama dj . he immediately close it . jame ( cont 'd ) no! nope ! knock . knock . knock . int / ext . vista motel - bedroom / doorway James open it and point at she with he copy of the script . jame get off my door ! she take a step back . mama dj I will do that . I understand that but you gotta respect I and my girl be over there chillen at we party enjoy ourselves , ok ? otis look through the window and see Little q peer inside . she smile and wave at he . he shyly wave back . mama dj ( cont 'd ) you know it be a spot when you move in here and it be what it be . jame it be what it be not ! it be not what it fuckin’ be not ! so why do not you get you silly ass back over there . mama dj you actin’ like you run somethin’ ? she throws she drink at he and it smashes against he wall . 66 . mama dj ( cont 'd ) you do not run a damn thing ! you better miss I with that ! she walk away still look at he , '' what you go to do '' . jame that 's strike one ! now it 's fuck war ! he punch the wall cover in she drink and head inside . int . vista motel - bedroom - continuous jame ready ? otis let 's take a break . jame I do not want to take a break . otis let 's take a break . I have the scene . jame you do not have the scene yet ! otis I think it 's ok -- jame ya but I do not think it 's ok so we be gonna keep go till you make I laugh or we be go to do it all fuck night . we now realize this be the memory from otis 's rehab dream . otis give I a fuck cigarette , dad . jame you want a cigarette ? here . James flick he lit cigarette at he ; it hit otis in the head and fall on the floor . jame ( cont 'd ) there , you happy now , Little Lord fontenroy . you get a cigarette now . go ahead and smoke it . otis rub he head where it hit he hair . jame ( cont 'd ) you just gonna let it burn a hole in the carpet ... I do not give a shit , you be pay for it . do what you want . otis do not move . otis you know I be do you a favor ... by pay you to be my chaperon . who else be go to give a felon a job ? I be not stupid . jame I do not like when you talk to I like that . I do not like you talk to I like I work for you . otis you do work for I . I be you boss . jame you know what ? do not say another fuck word . I be about to lose my shit . you be push I over the fuck edge . you understand what I be say ? I do not have to be here . I could be go in a second . I could be pull eight , ten grand a week . otis ... I want you to be here dad . jame do not I tell you not to say another word ? otis I want you to be -- jame shut the fuck up ! 67 . James jump off he bed and hold he hand over otis 's mouth while press he into the bed . 68. jame ( cont 'd ) do not I say do not say another fuck word ? say one more word ! otis ( plead through he dad 's hand ) I want you to be here ! jame now you want I to be here ? I can not figure out who you be actor man . he remove he hand from otis 's mouth and sit back down . jame ( cont 'd ) what the fuck do you want I to be here for ? give I one good reason . otis you have good instinct . jame I be from the mud . I get rodeo clown instinct . I could not make it in Hollywood ... I like pussy too much ! otis you could if you start when I do . jame yeah ... then what ?... then I could have be something ? stand around get pay to fuck pie fight ? do push up ? otis start to tear up . James can not watch . jame ( cont 'd ) wipe you face otis . do not cry in front of I . I be not go to ask you again , otis . they both sit there , stare at the ground . jame ( cont 'd ) you keep push I ... CUT to : 69 . int . soundstage - afternoon against the matte paint blue sky we see in the open , sit otis , in a plush coat , sunglass and bling ring . a long table cover with everything good be stretch between he and the camera . next to he be he butler , royston , dress in a suit and massage otis 's shoulder the whole time . they look out of place in the sand pit set . by the plastic palm tree stand otis 's t.v. dad , a american dreamboat , who on '' action '' be walk toward the sand pit . t.v. dad this culinary spread be beautisimiss , Jeff . otis it 's all thanks to royston . t.v. dad thank you , this be splendid royston . otis this be splendid royston . t.v. dad assess he son . t.v. dad what have get into you son ? otis pull key out of he pocket . otis you know what , here ... here 's the key to the new house ... take that . t.v. dad wait , Jeff . what 's go on here ? royston nod politely and move to massage otis 's neck . t.v. dad ( cont 'd ) be that what you think this be all about ? you think I be leave you because mommy and I buy a second house ? otis take he sunglass off . 70 . otis well ... yea . t.v. dad royston , do you mind ? otis you hear he , royston . royston nod and leave but not before make sure otis 's cup be full of fresh coffee . otis ( cont 'd ) so you be stay ? t.v. dad of course . do you really think I would leave you and royston behind ? otis wow ... I just think you do not love we anymore ... t.v dad put he arm on otis 's shoulder . t.v. dad I love you , Jeff ... I love you more than word can say . otis be feel far more than what this kid show require . and ... director ( 0.c. ) curv ! otis look for he father 's eye and see he talk to a woman backstage . t.v. dad ( to otis ) hey be you feel alright ? otis put he sunglass back on . CUT to : int . vista motel - night close on otis : same vibe . he sit in the chair in the doorway , look at he father 's bike . he be smoking and fidget with he leg . 71 . James be lay on he bed . on the t.v. : the video of otis and the t.v. dad 's scene . we stay here long enough for otis to smoke half he cigarette . he turn toward he father . otis dad . James be totally into the tv , unaware of otis 's gaze . otis ( cont 'd ) I need you to hear I . I be gonna say some thing that I gotta say and I need you to not interrupt I or run off ... close on : otis 's face stare into the lens , the glow of the t.v. flicker off he face . otis ( cont 'd ) I be think the other day when you ask I about the rodeo and Tom ... I be think about what other happy memory I have of you and I and I swear to god ... I have always be wait for you to act like a real dad . you have not do that one time . back in the room : James 's face freeze watch tv ; eye to we . then ... we see otis enter he frame in profile . James keep he eye on we . otis lean close to he father 's ear and whisper . otis ( cont 'd ) I have miss you for a longtime , dad . James 's face be freeze . eye into the camera . he slowly turn to he son and stare into he eye . Left eye to leave eye . jame ( audio lip sync of t.v dad ) I love you Jeff ... I love you more than word can say . James wipe he son 's tear away and tenderly hold he face . 72 . wide again : otis never leave he seat . from the bed , James see otis cry in the doorway . jame ( cont 'd ) what be you cry for ? otis try to wipe away he tear . he realize he cigarette be burnt to it 's end when it burn he finger . he flick it away and put two finger in he mouth to calm down . jame ( cont 'd ) go pick that up . otis walk to the parking lot to retrieve the butt then reenter the room . jame ( cont 'd ) what be you cry about ? otis what ? wh .. I be not . jame you be cry about something . otis tom. jame oh , for fuck sake ... otis he still fix we passport after you threaten to face - fuck he dead family . James look at he . otis ( cont 'd ) you be a sex offender . he 's a federal employee ! do not you think you should ... jame he keep push it . otis get right in he face . otis shut the fuck up ! this be the first time we have see otis like this . James 's voice remain steady and calm . 73 . jame do not talk to I like that . otis listen to I and let I talk . jame lower you voice otis . otis I want you to be a better dad to I . promise I . put you pinky out right now and promise I you will be better . jame I will be better ... James offer up he pinky . otis slap it away . otis this be not a joke . this be not one of you stupid little joke . Long beat . jame what be this then ? otis the end of we agreement . jame end of we agreement ? i’1l tell you what , I hear you man . you want a better father , a father that teach you lesson and stuff ? and you deserve one . you do . otis sit on he bed . they face each other . jame ( cont 'd ) so I be go to try harder . we be go to start fresh right here , right now . lesson number one all smart guy know , if you can hit you boss once ... James smack all vitality out of he boy . whack . close on : James 's face . pure anger . we hear otis moan . 74 . jame ( cont 'd ) then you can hit he twice . whack ... jame ( cont 'd ) do not talk to I like that . otis be coiled up on the bed cry . otis go away ! James get up . jame gladly , pal . through the doorway we see James walk outside , get on he bike , gun it and go . ext . vista parking lot - night otis , sentimentally walk out to the parking lot . pass unit on the way . some with open door . we pass a older woman in a wheelchair in front of she unit smoking . he cry as he go . ext . highway - night James ride on he bike . we do not know where he 's go . ext . vacant lot - night otis head back toward the debase car junk yard in the back of the hotel . he 's smoking a Kool and look up at the moon . he sit on a car and rock back and forth . CUT to : int . rehab - office - afternoon - 2005 otis be sit on the floor against the wall . Dr. moreno sit on a special mattress for back support . otis be barely read from a note pad as tear streak he face . his voice be break . 75 . he hold he index to a post it on the wall mark : dad . point to he dad. otis I make a lot of people laugh son . I know what 's funny . this be shit right now ... point to himself . otis ( cont 'd ) give I a cigarette , dad . point to he dad . otis ( cont 'd ) not until you get this scene . you be gonna make I laugh or be gonna do this all fuck night . point to himself . otis ( cont 'd ) I be do you a favor ... by pay you to be my chaperon . give I a fuck cigarette , dad. point to dad . otis ( cont 'd ) whoa . you be do who a favor ? to himself . otis ( cont 'd ) you ... who else be gonna give a felon a job ? I be not stupid . dad . otis ( cont 'd ) I do not need you to do that ... otis break . we hear he pain . beat . dr . moreno what be you s.u.d.s. now ? otis explode and get up . 76 . otis I don ’t fucking know ! I ’m nota fucking number !!! I cant ... fuck !!!... I ’m ... it hurt , what be the fuck point of put a number to it ? dr . moreno so we can chart progress . otis for fucking who !?!! if this work I 'il know will not I ? dr . moreno for court . beat . he sit down . otis 80 . Dr. moreno write it down . dr . moreno let 's bring it down . otis oh my god . otis shake he head . otis ( cont 'd ) cactus ... ( snap ) window . ( snap ) notebook . ( snap ) carpet . dr . moreno one more . otis can not look at she . otis you're a ridiculous person you know that ? you think you 're smart because you got I to act for you ? i've be do this shit my whole life for a live . would not I know if it work ? you be run my entire fuck life ... ( more ) 77 . otis ( cont 'd ) it 's all bullshit . how be I suppose to have therapy with my probation officer ?? dr . moreno name one more thing . beat . he look at she . deep breath . otis you ... she 's there . he calm down . otis ( cont 'd ) the only thing my father give I that be of any value to I be pain . Dr. moreno nod . otis ( cont 'd ) and you want to take that away ? dr . moreno can I ? flashback to : ext . vacant lot - night - 1995 Little q come up behind otis . she throw she robe over he face and wipe go he tear . she hold he face in she hand through the robe . after a long , long beat he move he hand to hold she hand hold he face . they stay like this rock back and forth under the good look Los Angeles moon and then back up and look at each other . intercut with : int . bare elegance lax - night James enter a fairly vacuous strip-club . 78 . he walk up to the bar and order a drink . he sit close to the restroom , smoke machine blast in he face . waitress approach , hand he he drink . he murmur in she ear . she appear to agree . he stuff money in the check sleeve . ext . vacant lot - night otis start do a little mime routine ... Little q answer it with a little dance . int . bare elegance lax - restroom - night James crush two 0.c 's on the sink counter of a open faucet . small piece of scald tin foil . suck it in through the straw . cherry ignites . we hold it . hillbilly heroin . ext . vacant lot - night otis miming he 's dead ... int . bare elegance lax - restroom - night James be all sweat . light the bottom again . one more . then a look in the mirror . he look down into the sink . the run faucet over - flow . Water be cover the whole floor . ext . vacant lot - night Little q bring otis back to life . he rise . she pretend to pull he towards she like a puppet on a string . they hug . they dance . ext . vista pool - night otis dive into the pool . we stay with he underwater . he touch the bottom then shoot back up to the surface . 79 . int . bare elegance - night James try to keep he eye open while a stripper perform . he dive into he oxytocin dream . CUT to : ext . vista motel - parking lot - the next morning James ride he bike back into the lot . ext . vista motel - bedroom - continuous otis and Little q be in bed together . they hear James pull into the lot . they immediately jump up and try to make the bed . James stagger in . look they over . Little q in she robe . he stop . beat . jame what be you do here ? he close the door . little q I be look after you son . otis sit in the bathroom . he know what 's come . jame otis ? otis get up and enter the main room . Silent . jame ( cont 'd ) ( back to Little q ) you fuck my son ? she shake she head '' no '' . little q you fuck you son . James charge at she and she slap he . he fall to the ground and she run out the door . he call out to otis from the ground . 80 . jame get my glass ! otis slowly hand he he specs . jame ( cont 'd ) you fuck that woman ? otis she 's just friendly . jame she do not give a shit about you otis . you think she give a '' friendly '' fuck about victim ? otis I be not a victim . jame it 's a crime be what it be . you be twelve year old . that 's a victim . wake up . you think what ? you be she friend ? otis stare at James ... otis I love she . jame fuck you ; you love she . otis I do . James go to the bathroom , get on he knee and throws up into the toilet . otis look away . jame ( head in the toilet ) Love sell diaper pal . otis she hold my hand . you slap I in the face . jame I be you father . can not buy that . otis yes , you can . I do ... beat. 81 . jame do not ... do not fuck push I . otis I be not scared of you . James get up and sit on the close toilet . jame do not I know it . fuck this shit . I do not want to be here no more . otis you can not leave . jame I can do what the fuck I want . I be a adult . you can not leave . otis Fine . take I with you . James take a sip of water . jame fuck off . call Tom and tell he to pickup some applesauce and take you camp ... otis let I in dad . jame fuck off . you be in . you be so fuck in ! you make it . hey - o ! I never could . congratulation ! good on ya , honey boy ! James clap then back to stare at the bathroom floor . otis none of it 's real though . jame there it be though be not it ? none of it 's real ... it 's more valuable that way . that 's my fuck advice . that 's my fatherly advice , you pick up on that ? chase the bullshit forever , man . otis mother say -- 82 . jame you mother say a whole lotta shit , you mother . it 's naive . Real world the truth be wood rot . Stone crumble . people fuck die . that 's the real world . the only thing that be go to live on be fable and storey and dream -- otis I do not understand ? jame you be twelve fuck year old . otis I want to understand . I want storey -- jame you get storey every week . you pull they out of the envelope . you do not need I for storey . you make you own storey . ( a long beat ) how do you think it feel for I to get to have my son talk to I the way that you talk to I ? have my son pay I ... how do you think that feel ? otis you would not be here if I do not pay you . James start to cry . Ugly cry . hand on he forehead . otis watch . he 's near tear too . James look at he son and take out a cigarette and light it . otis mirror he dad and do the same . jame horse trade . you stop put I down . you stop shitting on I and bring up the past . I can not get out from under it and I 'il teach you what I know . i’1l give you what I have . otis ok. deal . from the bathroom James reach out he pinky . 83. otis move closer . he reach out he pinky and they each kiss they hand to lock in the pinky swear . CUT to : ext . rehab - tennis court - 2005 otis be follow something we can not see . DR. moreno ( v.o. ) there 's no quick fix . but you can start from here . you need to get rid of what do not work otis ... he see the chicken . he walk towards it . flashback to : int . vista motel - bedroom - 1995 the same scene as before . James in the bathroom . otis in the live room . jame I be grow , son . otis I know . I see it . jame fuck you , you see it . I be grow marijuana on the side of the freeway . ' sensemilla 's on the 101 . otis dad ... jame what ? otis what if they catch you again ? jame who be ' they 's ? otis the police . the city . 84 . jame the city ? they water it for I ... no trail . this crop work you and I be go to build a tree house on the fuck moon . trust I honey boy , I be you father . otis smile , '' ok '' . ext . highway - early evening James and otis ride on the bike . otis hold onto he dad and close he eye . CUT to : ext . rehab - continuous - 2005 otis keep walk towards the chicken . jame ( v.o . ) you know the older you get you learn a couple of thing about life . you get to know what you come from . now you come from a line of alcoholics , son . back to : ext . 101 bank garden - continuous - 1995 James and otis pull up to he crop on the side of the freeway . bike park . otis be wear the bright yellow '' adopt -a - highway '' vest . jame ( 0.s. ) you want a tree house ? otis survey the plant and smile . jame ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) yes sir ... man of my word . otis run through the greenery . jame ( cont 'd ) get in there ! it 's yours . 85 . otis kneel and hold a plant . CUT to : ext . desert highway - dusk - 2005 otis keep after the chicken . jame ( v.o. ) a long line of good people who be hurt and do not know what the fuck to do so they drank a lot . flashback to : ext . 101 bank garden - 1995 James lean in close by otis . otis it 's sticky ! jame that 's magical stuff right there . that 's god , pecker - wood . we boy be in a world of they own . James put he arm on otis . it be as affectionate as we have ever see they . CUT to : ext . desert highway - dusk - 2005 otis watch the chicken cross the road . he continue after it . jame ( v.o . ) every single one of we get a grudge . every single one of we get somebody that fuck we over . I know you get one . you gotta lay the grudge down . or it 's go to fuck kill you . ext . vista parking lot - night - continuous otis follow the chicken into the lot he grow up in . he walk towards he dad 's bike . he see the door to they room be open . 86 . James appear in the doorway dress in full clown costume . he wave to otis then start to perform a miming routine . otis stand there freeze and watch . flashback to : ext . 101 bank garden - dusk - 1995 otis and James sit on the side of the freeway . otis between he father 's leg . James hold a joint in otis 's mouth . we stay on he as he blow a cloud of smoke ... and then it come . a painful cough . a proud James smile and laugh . jame you know a seed have to totally destroy itself to become a flower ... and do that be a violent act , honey boy . CUT to : ext . vista parking lot - night - 2005 otis approach James in the clown costume . a tense moment . they hug . a big hug . match CUT to : ext . 101 bank garden - 1995 James hugging young otis . back to : ext . vista motel - pool - night - 2005 otis and James sit with they leg in the pool . James 's clown costume , makeup , and shoe still on . he turn to he son . jame nobody be mad at I anymore . 87 . otis huh ? jame that 's all I ever want . the chicken walk by they . jame ( cont 'd ) you will get there too . he hand otis a light joint . otis inhale and smile . otis I be go to make a movie about you . jame you be make a movie about I ? otis nod , '' yeah '' . jame ( cont 'd ) well , make I look good honey boy . CUT to : ext . beautiful road outside trailer park - night we boy cut through it like a crazy knife on wheel . otis and James be glide down the freeway . it 's a tight operation . otis at the helm , James hold tight . he move with he son . hug he at 120 mph . full speed Love . close on : otis in the front this time around . High rise bulg through the thick haze of Los Angeles smog . the Sierra madre bitching in the distance . we boy fly down the freeway . it 's a expert work unit . only they know where they be go ... until we realize it 's just otis on the bike . fade to black