honeydripper written by John sayle 6/18/2006 we hear a strange , single , bent note . 1 ext . sharecropper shack - ecu finger - late afternoon 1 we follow a small boy 's finger on a strange contraption - wider scratch , 10 year old , have a `diddley bow ' , a piece of baling wire nail to the side of the unpaint shack so it be stretch taut . he move a old corn cob under it as a fret and make twangy , pitch - shifting note as he pluck the wire . his friend lonnie stand move he finger over a board he have laid on the side of the porch floor . a few scrawny chicken run around in the yard behind they - lonnie leave off with that , scratch . scratch aint bother you . lonnie yes it be . that aint no kind of music . we see that the board have piano keys draw across it and that lonnie be pretend to play a song on it - scratch least I make a sound . lonnie yeah and it 's a nasty one . lonnie look at the sky - scratch you want to try again tonight ? lonnie sit on the edge of the porch , gaug the time from the set sun - lonnie might as well . 2 ext . 1st cotton field - late afternoon 2 slide guitar play . a tuft of RAW cotton bob on the stem and we begin to scroll open credit - 2 . we tilt and rack to look over a field of cotton , the boll plump out and ready for pick , blow in the breeze . a harvest hand step into the shot , look toward the set sun , wipe he face with a bandanna then stoops to pick the row in front of he . we pull back to see other picker , man and woman in denim coverall , old gingham dress and hard work shoe , wear straw hat against the sun and trail long white sack between they leg and behind they . the boy walk down between they in the opposite direction - 3 ext . countryside - piney wood - late afternoon 3 music continue . we see the boy walk on a path through the pine - 4 ext . countryside , railroad track - aerial shot - late 4 afternoon music continue . we float over railroad track cut through flat , piney wood , catch up the boy , who walk on the tie - 5 ext . army barracks - early evening 5 music continue . the boy stroll past white building of a army barracks . soldier , black and white , drill on the grounds - 6 ext . railroad bridge , river - early evening 6 the river roll past we in the fg as the boy cross a railroad bridge . we superimpose - alabama - 1950 open credit end 7 ext . honeydripper lounge - night 7 we hear piano music as we crane down toward the honeydripper lounge , a ramshackle wooden roadhouse at a rural crossroad . 3. blue - color light bulb ( a few break ) flick on and off erratically around the honeydripper sign as we track toward and then through it on the way to the entrance , catch up with lonnie and scratch . the boy step under the door-light , frantic with insect , and go up on they toe to peek in through a window - 8 int . honeydripper - night 8 a overhead angle of long finger on piano key - singer a woman in she late 50' , early 60' , bertha mae spivey , lean into a microphone from where she sit on a stool on a little makeshift stage , a glass of whiskey in hand , and sing - bertha mae I know a gal name of Betty Sue shook it so much she get the german flu no matter how she do it no matter how she do it no matter how she do it she do it just the same as she sing we pan and track , move through the large , near - empty country ROADHOUSE - bertha mae you woman do not worry about you life she make Jack the ripper throw away he knife - only a few die-hard regular be scattered at the table and bar stool . a pretty young woman in she late teens , china doll , be behind the bar , head hold in she hand , listen aimlessly . bertha mae no matter how she do it no matter how she do it no matter how she do it she do it just the same lonnie and scratch step in , cautiously look around , hope that nobody will notice and tell they to leave . 4. they plant themselves next to the piano , lonnie intently watch the long finger work the key - we tilt to see tyrone ` pinetop ' purvis , proprietor and piano player , in he 50' . he act as if the boy be not there , concentrate on the music . we shift to include bertha mae as she wrap up the song - bertha mae a copper bring she in she do not need no bail she shook it for the judge he throw the cop in jail no matter how she do it no matter how she do it no matter how she do it she do it just the same slick , a pretty , sharply - dress man in he late 40' at the bar , and maceo , who sit at a table near the bandstand smile throughout , applaud . the sound make the room seem more empty . ty stand , nod to metalmouth sim , a slight , worried - look harmonica player who sit behind bertha mae - ty you take it for a while . as ty cross to the bar we hear recorded music booming from outside - bertha mae they makin all that racket again at toussaint 's . ty yeah . and all they people over there buy drink and throw they money after they dice and whatnot . lucky we get none a that here . metalmouth launch into a harmonica intro . ty pause at the counter next to slick , who be attentively watch bertha mae - bertha mae you can drink you liquor you can drink you cold can beer - slick she sounding good , huh ? ty sound fine . always have . 5 . bertha mae you can drink you good whiskey you can drink you cold can beer - slick not much of a crowd . ty not a crowd at all . just some stiff who want to drink theirself to sleep without the music wakin they up . slick you ought to advertise . get a attraction like bertha mae - bertha mae you can lay up with you sweet gal but poppa do not you leave I here ty singin be one thing , slick . whether people want to look at you while you do it be another . slick ( defensive ) you say something about - maceo arrive to join they , interrupt - maceo get quite a number over to toussaint 's place tonight . ty sound like it . maceo lot of young folk . come to listen to that box of he . China doll bring ty a glass of whiskey . he give she a sad smile - ty thanks , China doll . we follow as ty cross to the door - 6 . maceo ( o.s. ) do not see why we do not just turn we box on and let folk feed it nickel like they do . slick ( o.s. ) the lady be sing . maceo ( o.s. ) but do not nobody come to listen to she , slick . ty look out the door at - Pov - ext . ace of spade club - the red - light ace of spade club across the road , people hang out in front , laughter hear from within - honeydripper ty react . behind he , maceo indicate the near-empty room - maceo like the man say , you can not argue with failure . stokely , a bitter drunk who hold on to the end of the bar , call out to they - stokely you know why slick here be like a preacher ? slick tense , use to this - stokely Cause he do all he best work on he knee . stokely almost choke with laughter - maceo never mind he , he just a drunk - stokely I hear she put a ring through it and use it to yank he around the house . slick start to rise but maceo put a hand on he arm - 7. maceo you know tyrone do not allow no scufflin here , slick . stokely I oughta get I a old woman too , take care of the grocery . just get to sweet - talk she some , give she a good poke now and then - maceo you gonna drink , stokely , or you gonna lay out back recoverin from that bust head you about to get ? delilah gentlemen - they all turn to see delilah , ty 's wife , come out from the back of the club . she be dress for church - slick ( doff he hat ) miss delilah - delilah let 's behave ourselves . ( see ) what be you boy do in here ? out ! lonnie and scratch , bust , hurry out . delilah turn she attention to China doll - delilah and what be you do behind that bar ? china doll it 's just for a minute . delilah that 's sixty second too long . maceo , you get back there and take that child 's place . China doll mope as she step out from behind - delilah you bring people they food . do not you be mess with they liquor . china doll nobody 's eat . 8. delilah that 's cause nobody 's here but this couple lose soul , have not have a appetite since they give over to the devil . maceo get behind the counter as delilah head for ty at the door - bertha mae at pinetop 's honeydripper that 's where I get my cold can beer at pinetop 's honeydripper that 's where I get my cold can beer - maceo reluctantly move down to take the order of nadine , a large , handsome woman with a prominent gold tooth who have just step in - nadine evenin , maceo . you lookin good tonight . maceo likewise , miss nadine . what can I do for you ? nadine ( flirt ) you know what you can do for I , sweet man . maceo try to slip the hook and be polite at the same time - maceo what would you like to drink ? doorway ty watch the crowd in front of the Ace of spade . delilah come up to join he , indicate he drink - delilah how many be that tonight ? ty do not dog I about that , baby . not tonight . delilah I do not want China doll behind that bar . 9. ty she get to help out . delilah not there she do not . you know she 's not spose to get excited - ty not much chance of that in here . ( wistful ) harvest hand all be crowdin into toussaint 's place . the young one . delilah you will get some of they . ty they stick they nose in here , get one little sniff of the music , and they go . delilah ( joke ) maybe that 's the wage of sin . ty ( bitter ) aint no sin happenin here tonight , baby , and there sure as hell aint no wage . you God want to chastise some sinner he best move on over to toussaint 's , get a whole barroom crowded with they . delilah he be not `my God ' . he 's everybody 's God . he look at he wife - ty how that tent meeting go tonight ? delilah Viola underwood find the Lord . ty I think she find him last year when they come through . 10 . delilah ( smile ) well , she must have lose him again between then and now , cause she come down that aisle tonight holler in tongue . ty the Spirit do not move you , though ? delilah ( thoughtful ) not yet . might be too late for I . delilah survey the room - delilah I can not believe you be serve alton stokely . stokely stokely have to use two hand to keep he glass steady as he drink - delilah ( o.s. ) that poor man - ty ( o.s. ) toussaint cut he credit off . either he get it here - ty and delilah ty - or he drink that paint- peeler Willie pettigrew cook up back in the swamp . delilah he 's gonna drink himself to death in here . ty least he will not go blind first . delilah shake she head and head out the door - delilah imonna go home and say a prayer for that man . 11 . ty ( call after ) say one for I too , baby . stage bertha mae be sing straight to slick now , as metalmouth back she up on the harmonica - bertha mae come here sweet poppa let I whisper in you ear come here sweet poppa let I whisper in you ear go back to Alabama but do not you leave you momma here only slick applaud - slick that be outstandin , baby . you still get the voice . bertha mae , a little unsteady , hold onto slick 's arm as he help she off the stage - bertha mae you think so ? slick send a chill down my spine to hear you . bertha mae look to ty as he step back in - bertha mae I might be a little late Saturday , tyrone . ty ( mutter , embarrassed ) do not need to come in if you do not want to . she stop dead . stare at he till he have to let it out - ty I have make other arrangement . bertha mae other arrangement - 12. ty try something new in here . slick you can not do that ! bertha mae it 's he place , darlin , he can do whatever he want . bertha mae nod to ty , hold onto she dignity for all it 's worth - bertha mae you know where to find I if you need I . bertha mae pull slick out the door . China doll watch after they , troubled , while ty pour himself another drink - maceo ( softly ) I put the box on now , ty ? ty yeah . put the box on . maceo imonna crank it up some , see if we can draw a little life in here - maceo cross and plug a ancient-look tabletop jukebox in . the jukebox sputter to life , light flashing on and music blaring for a moment , then the light flicker and all the power in the club go off ! 9 ext . honeydripper - night 9 the honeydripper sign be the last to flicker and die . lonnie and scratch watch from under the streetlight - lonnie there it go again . scratch lectricity do not like that jukebox . 13. 10 int . honeydripper - night 10 darkness . maceo damn . ty China doll ? a match be strike , flare as China doll light a kerosene lamp she 's pull from under the bar - china doll get to get the power company in here - ty no you do not . they turn my juice off last month - do not want they sniffin around that splice job maceo do . maceo must be a short circuit in the juke here - he yank the plug out of the wall as ty step up to reassure the few patron - ty do not worry folk , bar 's still open . nadine it 's nice like this . kind of romantic . maceo imonna have to go out back , wiggle some thing around . nadine do not be wigglin nothin round less I be there to see it . maceo roll he eye as he pass ty on the way out with a flashlight . he freeze in he track as the flashlight beam hit a figure stand in the doorway - it be sheriff hiram pugh , large and in charge . pugh stroll into the club as if he own it . 14 . sheriff pugh evenin , folk . ty evenin , sheriff . sheriff pugh look around the near-empty club - sheriff pugh you light go out . ty look like it . sheriff pugh do not know but that be a vilation of something or other . ty have play this game before , try to hold he ground without pissing off the white man with the badge - ty we just about to close up here . pugh sniff the air - sheriff pugh you wife be cookin ? ty not tonight . go to the revival tent . sheriff pugh ( grin ) I stand by there a while . they nigras be singin up a storm . ty do not respond . sheriff pugh stop right next to stokely , give he a dead - pan stare as he speak . stokely will not meet he eye - sheriff pugh I just come out here to look in on toussaint - have that shoot two night ago . ty lot 's of fight in there . sheriff pugh there be that . but I and Old toussaint get we a greement . ( more ) 15 . sheriff pugh ( cont would ) you get this field hand suckin down that whiskey , hop they all up with music , there 's gonna be some razor draw . he only call I if it 's a fatality . maceo never be a killin in here . they youngblood know better - sheriff pugh - than to mess with tyrone purvis . he turn he attention to tyrone - sheriff pugh you get quite the reputation round here , tyrone . say you put some poor black boy in the grave . it get very quiet , the hiss of the kerosene lantern grow tense and insistent . China doll look from sheriff pugh to ty' face , search for a flicker of evidence . ty stay deadpan - ty just people talkin . the sheriff step to put he face very close to ty' , a edge of menace in he voice when he speak softly - sheriff pugh you remember that this be my county , tyrone . what go on go on cause I let it . do not want to get too big for you britches out here . ty hold pugh 's eye for a agonizingly long moment , then the sheriff turn and head for the door - sheriff pugh you folk have a pleasant evening , now . they all wait for he to clear the door before they exhale . stokely a nigger aint shit in this world . maceo snatch the whiskey bottle from stokely - 16 . maceo speakin for yourself . stokely you do not have this club , tyrone , what you think you be ? we tighten on ty 's face . he have be think about this very thing - stokely ( o.s. ) would not be nothin . and if that aint true then grit aint grocery . a long train whistle echoe outside - 11 ext . bertha mae' house - night 11 bertha mae pause as she climb the front porch of she two - story wooden house , the nicest in the neighborhood , listen to the train whistle with a troubled look on she face . slick wait for she with the door open - bertha mae that be a terrible noise . slick just the northbound from talledega . sound like it always do . bertha mae like a soul bein carry away from this life . another whistle - slick come on in , darlin . you catch you death out here . 12 ext . railroad station - night 12 we hear the train whistle again as the wheel roll and the train strobe past we , pick up speed as it pull out from the yard - when it clear we see a lone figure stand across the track . he step forward and catch a bit of light -- 17 . sonny blake , 20' , rumple from hard travel . he carry a guitar case and something bulky in a sack - shack thomas , a older man in a pullman porter' uniform stand under the moth -addle light on the tiny station platform , watch sonny - shack thomas lucky the high -sheriff aint here to see you crawl outta that boxcar . sonny he come round here much ? shack thomas only when he 's bored . sonny reach shack at the platform - sonny you work that train ? shack thomas Kansas City to New Orleans . sonny what you get off here for ? shack thomas I grow up here . still get people . how bout you ? sonny ( shrug ) get tired of sleepin in a boxcar . listen , be there a place to - shack thomas ( point ) switchman 's shed , right over there , have get a cot . do not mind the rat none , less you get food on you - and I can see you and a good meal have be stranger for some time . sonny look at the shed , unenthusiastic - shack thomas you get into town tomorrow a need something , tell they shack Thomas send you . they know who you talkin about . 18. sonny thanks . hey , what 's the name of this town ? shack point to the sign hang down from the lip of the platform roof - sign harmony the sign read - sonny ( o.s. ) name like that , must be a good place for musician . platform shack laugh as he head away - shack thomas only night I ever spend in jail be a town call Liberty . Sun come up , you will see where you land . and you best be out of that shed by first light . 13 int . honeydripper - late night - cu money 13 a few wet , crumpled bill and dirty coin be spread out on the bartop - maceo ( o.s. ) it 's just a weekday night - wider still operate by lantern light , ty and maceo look at the night 's dismal take , as China doll lay chair on top of table - ty I owe the chicken man , I owe the ice man , I owe the liquor man - maceo least you do not owe the electric company . 19 . ty ( indicate the dark room ) yeah , that 's a big relief . maceo ( worried ) you thinkin bout close down ? ty frown , reach under the counter and bring up a poster . he spread it out on the counter top . it read - special attraction New Orleans sing sensation `guitar ' SAM ty what you think ? maceo biggest act in New Orleans , get he a hit on the radio - ty he 's play here Saturday night . figure I would wait till bertha mae be go to put this up . ty turn to look for the right spot to fix the poster - maceo here ? you mean like in this room here ? ty you know the tomcat Club in texarkana ? maceo Big Jim jamison 's place - ty just go out of business . maceo damn - ty and since Sam be giggin he way over to Tulsa , that mean he get the date open - 20 . maceo but you aint never have a guitar pl - ty give maceo a warning look , which China doll note - ty I be have one now . maceo what you gonna pay the man with ? ty glance at China doll , uneasy - ty you just worry about gettin this hang up everywhere in the county tomorrow . payday come Saturday , he gonna draw alla they cotton picker and soldier boy in here , get we back in the black . ty look around at the empty club - ty they gonna take I down , it will not be without a fight . maceo hold the poster up to the lamplight , warming to the idea - maceo guitar Sam at the honeydripper . man , this joint be go to jump ! 14 ext . country road/1st cotton field - early morning 14 sunrise . a old man in coverall lead a mule along the side of the road . a truck carry two dozen picker in its open bed approach - truck one of the picker , dex , turn to look back at the man and mule - dex aint see no mule in a long time . the other picker , man and woman , do not look interested or even fully awake yet - 21 . dex I know this be Alabama , but that 's the Stone Ages , man . one of the other man , ham , look he over . dex be little and combative and have a nasty - look scar on he face . Ham be big and morose , with a deep , grumpy voice - ham where you from , boy ? dex Memphis . ham down on you vacation ? a few snicker - dex get in a piece of trouble up there with the white folk , need to bide my time for a spell . junebug , a local man with a nervous air , jump in - junebug you bide any time in this field , bossman gonna fire you ass for takin up space . dex aint no worry bout that . I be a cotton-pickin fool . ham you a fool , all right . more snicker and the truck stop at the side of a cotton field . somebody let the tailgate down and they begin to climb off - dex and where you from , brother bear ? ham missippi . dex then this a real step up for you . folk round here have discover fire and whatnot - 22. ham that trouble you in have anything to do with runnin you mouth ? the picker unroll the sack they pick up from the pile that 's be leave and begin to spread out at the base of the unpick row - dex have to do with somebody get on my nerve and I have to deal with he . ham must of be somebody kind of puny . dex turn to face the much larger Ham - dex as I recall he just about you size . the two man stare at each other for a long moment . Way too early to fight . dex break eye contact and move toward a row - dex what 's this place we at ? junebug nearest town be harmony . this Mr. silas tugwell 's place . he nod toward dex 's row - junebug you better get pickin . dex cotton aint goin nowhere . junebug more you get first thing when the dew still on it , the more it weigh when it tip that scale . dex 's gaze fall upon a tall , strong - look young woman start down the row next to he - dex you live here too ? she give he a weary look - 23. dex ( shake he head ) you get my sympathy . 15 ext . town - train track - early morning 15 a wide shot of the track that cut the town in two . closer sonny stand on the track just as the SUN rise , ponder - which side of the track be for white people , which for the color . he hear guitar music to one side , step cautiously toward it - 16 ext . MAIN STREET - general store - early morning 16 sonny wander down the street lug he sack and case , move toward the sound of a slide guitar be play expertly - a irate- look white lady glare at sonny as she pick up the milk bottle from she stoop , step inside and slam the door . sonny move ahead , uneasy - we tighten on he face as he stop to listen , the music echoing , seem to come from here , then from there , then suddenly from right behind he - he turn - possum , blind , with he chair tilt back against the not - yet - open general store , plays expertly on a beat - up old guitar . sonny lay he case down to listen for a moment , watch the man 's finger - possum get a whiff of he . he keep play as he speak - possum somebody sleep in the railroad yard . sonny watch the blind man 's finger move on the string - sonny yall can play that thing . possum be doin it near forever . 24 . sonny ( look around ) listen , which side of the track be I - possum the wrong side for you . sonny what you do here then ? possum White folk look right through I . how much mischief a old blind spook like I gonna get up to anyhow ? sonny survey the street - sonny where we people go for music around here ? possum there 's a couple place just a little bit out of town . at the crossroad . sonny Long walk ? possum you in a hurry ? possum finish he song - sonny how old be that box you playin , pop ? possum ( smile ) second one that ever be - a the devil 's get the first . how bout yours ? possum gently nudge sonny 's case with he toe . sonny be surprised at the blind man 's perception - sonny brand new . make it myself . possum ( whistle ) make it hisself - 25 . sonny that 's right . so this club - possum Old toussaint , own the Ace of spade , do not feature live music . and pinetop purvis , own the honeydripper Lounge ? he do not care bout no guitar . wo not have one under he roof . sonny that do not make sense . possum scratch he head - possum yeah - when a musician put he hand to murder , nine time outa ten it 's a drummer do it . but pinetop a piano man - sonny he kill somebody ? possum that 's the story . might be true , and it might not . 17 ext . honeydripper - morning - ty 17 ty be tack one of the guitar Sam poster on the front of the building . possum ( v.o . ) but if you meet the man , you damn well do not be askin he about it . a crackle and a curse from the side of the roadhouse - maceo ( o.s. ) damn ! ty look up - ty what 's the matter ? maceo ( o.s. ) I get a shock . 26 . ty think you use to work for the power company . side of ROADHOUSE , maceo maceo wrestle with the jury-rigged wire that run out from the batter , rusting power BOX - maceo I drive a supply truck . ty ( o.s. ) guitar Sam aint gonna play by no candlelight . maceo ( sniff ) I smell bacon . ty ( o.s. ) you must of burnt you porky ass with that lectricity . china doll ( o.s. ) Breakfast ready ! front of ROADHOUSE China doll have step out from the club - ty where 's you mama ? china doll already over to the Mayor 's . she tell I to come here and make sure you eat something fore you start runnin around . maceo come around from the side - maceo that be a sweet woman you get . china doll you get one waitin for you if you want she . maceo make a face - 27 . maceo you mean nadine ? 18 int . honeydripper - morning 18 they step into the club . plates of bacon , egg and biscuit sit on one of the table - china doll ( teasing ) come in here every night makin they cow - eye at you - ty and maceo sit - maceo she seem like the kind could smother a man - china doll she make all she own clothes . ty ( smile ) darlin , that 's not the kind of thing a man care about from a woman . the light that go out last night suddenly flicker on - maceo hey , I fix it ! ty you do not do no such thing . it just decide to come back on . maceo decide . ty just like it decide to switch off last night . you not even in the conversation . china doll miss nadine make some good money too , sewing for people . maceo that woman scare I . last ole boy that give she a tumble , nappy carpenter ? ( more ) 28 . maceo ( cont would ) she cook for he , fix he up all kind of nice new clothes , keep he in gin and poker chip - china doll do not see no problem with that . maceo well , come four , five month , a man start to - sorry , China doll , but this just the way it be - a man got need . ty nadine look like she can take care of that , too - maceo you eat chicken every morning , noon and night for five month , you get a taste for some different kind of meat , right ? ( look to China doll ) maybe I should not be - china doll aint gonna tell I something I have not hear worse . maceo well , nappy go out and have he a- a porkchop or two , let 's say - and he come back from toussaint 's one night feel no pain , smell like - like porkchop - the way a man will - and he fall out on nadine 's couch and commence to snore . wake up the next mornin , find she have take all he clothes off without he knowin it - ty man be dog drunk - maceo miss nadine come in with a skillet in she hand , hot grit bubbling in it , say " baby , I get you breakfast . " " not this morning , nadine , " he say , sittin up , " do not think I could eat a thing . " " well then , " she say , " we can not let this go to waste , can we ? " and she dump that whole hot bubblin mess right in the man 's lap . 29 . ty ( wince ) Owwww ! maceo then she get busy with that hot iron on he head . scream do not bring the neighbor in , she would of kill that man . they be all quiet for a moment , contemplate - ty you get to admit it , though - woman be a artist with that Singer machine . sonny ( o.s. ) scuse I ? they turn to see sonny stand in the doorway - sonny which one of you be Mr. pinetop ? ty' eye fix on sonny 's face for a moment - something familiar there - then go down to the guitar case at he foot - ty we aint hirin . sonny I can play anything - ty indicate the guitar Sam poster hang behind the bar - ty already get I a professional . sonny look a little shaky - sonny guitar Sam really come all the way out here ? ty that so surprising ? sonny no , no -- uhm , Mr. shack Thomas say that if I be to - ty you know shack ? 30 . sonny we uh - we travel together - ty give he a once - over - ty when 's the last time you eat solid food , young man ? sonny have to think - ty ( to China doll ) take he back and fix he something , China doll . standin there all hungry - eye , put I off my breakfast . sonny that 's real kind of you - sonny pull he hat off as he follow China doll , who be suddenly quiet and self - conscious , back to the kitchen - maceo must of come in on the northbound last night . ty look like he get cooty , too . straw in they boxcar be full of they . maceo never care to travel that way . ty grow somber , reminisc - ty I be out there ridin they rail between the war . seem like half the country headin west roll past the other half comin back east . ( muse ) every one of we scrapin for the next meal - cool breeze ( o.s. ) this be the place . they turn to see cool breeze , a hard - look , sharply - dress character , lead the prosperous look mr . simmon into the club as if they be not there - 31 . cool breeze yall can tear thing down , put thing up - get a lot of potential . mr. simmon look bigger in here than it do from the outside . ty I help you gentleman ? cool breeze just show the man gonna run this place what he 's get . ty stand - ty this be my place . a freeze moment . then maceo stand as well , back up he friend . cool Breeze put one foot up on the chair next to ty , lick a finger and dab at he shoeshine with it - cool breeze you the piano player , right ? ty name 's tyrone - call I pinetop purvis . cool breeze pinetop purvis who owe two hundred dollar to lucky hardaway up in Little rock - ty he 's gonna get he - cool breeze pinetop who miss last month 's rent - ty after this weekend - cool breeze after this weekend you gonna be the same raggedy - ass piano player can not pay he debt off and Mr. simmon here gonna be the new proprietor . 32 . ty lucky give I two week - cool breeze lucky get a better offer . he nod toward Mr. simmon - ty he can not do that . cool Breeze take he foot down and get up in ty 's face . he let he jacket fall open so the butt of he .44 pistol be visible - cool breeze you do not think so ? maceo ( try to defuse ) what if we get we payment for he Monday ? cool Breeze do not take he eye off ty 's - cool breeze Saturday night . maceo we can do that - cool breeze not just a taste - the whole two hundred . ty and I throw in a twenny - five cent tip for he messenger boy . cool breeze I will be here . ty in the meantime , we not open yet . which mean yall be trespassin . cool Breeze grin , still lock eyeball with ty- cool breeze you see enough , Mr. simmon ? mr. simmon I believe I have . 33. cool Breeze break eye contact , stroll out , follow by simmon - cool breeze yeah , somebody could make something out of this place . would not take much work at all . ty and maceo wait till the man be go before they speak - ty we clear over two hundred that one weekend - maceo couple year back - ty and we do not have no Louisiana guitar wizard playin neither . maceo yeah , they say he draw they like fly . ty that 's what they say . a awkward pause . both man be shake . ty sit back down to think - maceo they say first thing he do be go to the man that own the joint , stick out he hand and want that cash money put in it . ty I already send fifty to he manager . maceo how much you payin he all out ? ty another hundred . maceo we would have to clear three hundred - ty I figure we charge folk two dollar to get in , then drink - 34 . maceo ( shake he head ) what I be sayin be , less he see the green up front the man will not get off the train . a truck horn honk outside - maceo what 's that now ? ty , mind work , look desperate as maceo exit to see who 's honk - 19 ext . honeydripper - morning 19 a batter truck sit in front of the club . zeke , a taciturn white man , and he black loader step out as maceo approach - maceo ( call out ) Bout time you fella run by . we just about dry here . the loader let down the tailgate to reveal case of Beer and liquor . he begin to pull they out and pile they on the ground - zeke you boss in ? maceo shout back into the club - maceo tyrone ! whiskey wagon come by ! ty step out of the club carry one of the guitar Sam poster - ty y'all a day late . ty nod at the Ace of spade club across the way - ty Old man toussaint gonna chew you out . zeke toussaint go over to another supplier upstate . we just get you , then we headin down to the army base , officer ' club need servicin . this fifty - six dollar - 35 . ty ( weak grin ) my credit no good anymore ? Zeke only have to look at the loader , who start to put the case back onto the truck - ty whoah , whoah - what 's you hurry ? zeke nobody that 's right in he head sell liquor on credit . specially not to no darktown roadhouse . ty well this be like a special case , see - we get the harvest come in , soldier at the base gonna be let out on leave - Saturday night . aint enough hootch in this truck to satisfy what we gonna sell - zeke you pay as you go . that 's bidness . Zeke walk toward the cab of the truck , ty follow he , desperate , wave the poster - ty you can come by Monday , get pay and take back every damn drop I aint sell ! we get guitar Sam line up , you know what that mean ?! Zeke step in and slam the door , the loader do the same on the other side of he - ty I will pay you extra - penny a bottle on the beer and a nickel on the whiskey ! the truck engine cough - ty ( desperate ) what if I throw in five dollar up front , just for you fella - ? Zeke pull away - 36 . ty come on , man , everybody give credit , that 's the american way ! but the truck be go down the road . maceo come up beside ty , watch forlornly - maceo maybe we could buy some busthead from Willie pettigrew . ty with that sheriff sniffin around every night ? land my black ass in jail for good . another truck pull around the bend from the opposite direction - maceo then what we gonna do ? the new truck slow to a stop by they . the driver poke he head out - driver get a liquor delivery for a Mr. lucien toussaint ? maceo that 's - ty that would be I . maceo bite he tongue . ty play it through - ty I trust they get my check all right ? driver do not spose I would be here if they do not . ty glance over to the Ace of spade , then point behind the honeydripper - ty pull it around to the back - we will help you unload . 37 . the driver nod and wheel the truck past they . maceo 's smile fade and he look to ty- maceo man , this better be some Saturday night . 20 int . honeydripper - kitchen - morning 20 a little kitchen build onto the back of the bar . sonny sit wolfing down egg and toast as China doll watch he from the stove - sonny Arkansas . how bout you ? china doll we come here just after mama meet my step -daddy . sonny not much happenin , little town like this . china doll ( shrug ) they start up the training base again - sonny that right ? china doll you be in the Army ? sonny uh-huh . china doll you shoot people ? sonny fix radio . china doll they say this new war gonna be a short one . sonny might be , might not . I be to Japan . 38 . china doll yeah ? what 's the people like there ? sonny small . china doll yeah ? sonny ( hold a hand up ) Bout that high . and they speak japanese . china doll you be to California ? sonny ( nod ) Los Angeles . china doll where they make the movie . sonny you go to the movie ? china doll I be once . he sit back and look she over - sonny fine-look girl like you , ought to be all kind of place . china doll I be go to they . first I be go to beauty school when mama save up the money and then I have a portable skill - sonny like playin music . china doll my step - daddy say that aint a skill - ty ( o.s. ) - it 's a affliction . ty stick he head in , maceo behind he with a case of liquor in he arm - 39 . ty come on , China doll . get some bidness in town you gonna help I with . ty give sonny a distrustful look - ty and you , young man , want to point yourself west down that highway . Bout three mile you see a mess of people work in the field - it 's harvest time . if you can stoop and pull , they get a job for you . he step out the back door - ty and wash up they dish before you go . 21 int . mayor winship' house - kitchen - morning 21 delilah be wash breakfast dish , singing a gospel song as she work - delilah I see four and twenty elder down on they knee I see four and twenty elder down on they knee well they all turn together stand to greet the rise sun I see four and twenty elder down on they knee amanda winship , the mayor 's pretty , high -strung wife , enter and hover uneasily - amanda you biscuit be wonderful this morning , delilah . delilah thank you . amanda of course , they always be . I do not know how you do it . delilah just cook they . 40 . amanda when I marry floyd I swear I could not even boil water . might be why he insisted I need help around the house . he use to come to the dinner table with a sense of dread . delilah anybody can learn to cook . just have to put you mind to it . amanda maybe you could show I some of you secret some time . delilah no secret to it . imonna fix some ham with yam and green today , you want to learn how . amanda think about it , smile all the while , sigh - amanda maybe some other day . delilah be not surprised by the response - delilah you just say the word , miss amanda , I have you cookin in no time . amanda nod , uncomfortable but not leave . she can not exactly offer to help with the dish - amanda I just do not know what I would do without you . 22 ext . MAIN STREET - general store - morning 22 ty , maceo and China doll approach the general store . a white couple enter from the front - ty what I need be for you to go get friendly with luther , then I just happen in - china doll we can not just ask Mr. Skinner ? 41 . ty Mr. Skinner do not want nothin from color folk but they buy he goods and shine he shoe . you go on ahead , now - maceo and China doll cut around toward the back of the store . we tighten on ty as he unroll the poster he carry , look across the street for another likely place to hang one - possum ( o.s. ) it be early Friday evenin hound begin to bark ty turn - how do possum get there , chair and all ? possum stackolee a billy Lyons be squabblin in the dark ty frown at the lyric - possum stackolee say to billy Lyons " what you think bout that ? first you take all my money then you spit in my stetson hat . " ty I hate that damn song . possum keep play but stop sing - possum how you keepin , tyrone ? ty ( wary ) just tryin to hold it together . possum get you beautiful young daughter with you this mornin- ty do not you be studyin she . 42 . possum Heard you go put on a guitar man out you place . ty where you hear that ? possum ( grin ) oh - the breeze . ty well this time the breeze know what it 's blowin about . possum better be careful , tyrone . you know what they guitar player be like . ty glare at possum - ty be careful yourself . ty stalk away around toward the back of the store . possum grin and sing again - possum well he shot he Three time in the shoulder Three time in the side that be the last time he shot he Cause poor billy up and die 23 ext . rear of general store - morning 23 a quartet of workmen and deliverymen lounge on pile up shipping crate as shack Thomas stand address they - shack thomas the time be ripe and the bill be past due . Roosevelt would of do it already , only he die and they do not listen to miss Eleanor no more . but Mr. Truman startin to bend , specially now that we get a war heatin up . as brother randolph say - ty ( o.s. ) here it come - 43. shack look to see ty join the other - ty - the gospel accordin to A. Phillip randolph . shack thomas ( pleased ) tyrone ! how you do , man ? ty get my nose above the waterline . shack thomas and here 's my baby - how 's you mama do , China doll ? he give China doll a hug and kiss - china doll she 's doin fine , uncle shack . shack thomas just tellin the boy here how brother randolph pushin through this deal where we boy gonna be a full part of service - already get the navy and the Air Force , and the Army be - ty I carry a rifle in the great War , shack . boy get in the middle of this Korea mess they aint gonna thank you for you effort . shack thomas we want we due in this country , we get to go whole hog - ty Black folk shoot yellow folk to keep the white folk happy ? shack thomas it 's time to move on from that kind of thinkin . ty start in through the back entrance of the store - 44 . ty you go ahead and move right on , shack . then come back and tell the rest of we how it be . he step in . shack turn to China doll - shack thomas that be a hard -headed man . 24 int . general store - morning 24 luther , the head clerk , arrange box on the back wall and shoot a nervous look up front - luther I would have to ask Mr. Skinner . ty of course you would . while you at it , remind he how one of the reason color folk come in here be to get the lowdown on what 's happen in -- luther brighten as China doll step in - luther China doll ! luther be clearly smitten - china doll you gonna let we put this poster up , aint you luther ? luther oh -- I do not think that be any problem at all . china doll ( beam a smile ) that 's awful nice of you , luther . luther you lookin special today . china doll that 's sweet of you to say . 45 . ty maceo , go on with the man and he show you where you can put they up . come on , darlin , we get more stop to make - China doll spread a parting bit of sunshine - china doll Nice to see you , luther . luther smile and wave as maceo hook he arm and pull he back into the store - 25 ext . railroad track / residential neighborhood - morning 25 ty and China doll hurry down the track and cross to the black side of town - ty you get that boy eatin out of you hand . china doll luther 's the only one do not pull my hair when he sit behind I at Sunday school . ty well I hope you get a little that sugar leave , cause we get to spread some on miss bertha mae spivey - china doll you go ask she to come sing again ? ty imonna ask she for money . Word be she get a whole pile of it squirrele away . China doll stop , breathe heavily , bend to put she hand on she knee - china doll daddy - ty come on , girl , we in a rush here - 46 . china doll I get to rest . ty soften , walk back to stand beside she - ty I be sorry , baby . you catch you breath . China doll smile weakly - china doll so - why miss spivey gonna give you money , you do not let she sing at the club any more ? ty gonna make she a partner . china doll partner in what ? ty in the honeydripper . china doll but all you ever say it 's just a hole you pour good money into - ty that do not matter . imonna make she a proprietor . china doll `tress ' . like waiter and waitress . ty proprietress . she get to like the sound of that . 26 ext . MAIN STREET - general store - window , poster 26 one of the guitar SAM poster appear in the front window as maceo tape it up - a trio on teenage girl stop to look at it as they pass ( possum be nowhere to be see ) - maceo step out to join they , eager to close the deal - 47 . maceo Lovely lady out to make a purchase - opal that the same guitar Sam be on the radio ? maceo the very one . opal what 's he look like ? maceo Fine lookin man . Real lady killer from what I hear . get that New Orleans style to he . opal you ought to have a picture up there . maceo oh , we will be gettin some of that when he come in on the train . the main thing be , the man be electrify - and you know what that mean . 27 ext . bertha mae' house 27 formerly a fairly grand house , bertha mae 's have not be paint for awhile and the yard could use some work . ty coaches China doll as they climb the stair - ty we make like we just come by to see how she 's keepin , and then I will kind of mention how I be think of bring she on as a partner - china doll Left the door open . China doll push the front door all the way open . we can hear bertha mae 's voice sing on a scratchy old record . China doll peek in to see - 48 . 28 int . bertha mae' house - front parlor 28 - slick , sit at the bottom of the stair that lead to the second floor , look lose and bewilder - slick she 's go . ty oh. ty frown . he be all gear up for the siege - ty when she gonna be back ? slick she 's just go . woke up beside she and -- he can not go on , tear form in he eye . China doll and ty trade a look - 29 int . bertha mae' house - bedroom 29 we start on the record player , needle down on the spin song , then rack to see bertha mae , lay dead in she bed . ty aw , damn . we rack again as ty and China doll step in . slick appear in the doorway behind they . he 's be drink - slick fourteen year . ty China doll , you go find you mama . she know how to fix up the body . slick people make joke and all , but I be with that woman fourteen year . that 's a good part of my life . ty and stop by beauchamp 's and tell they they get a customer . 49 . slick she gimme the only home I ever have . he look at they , devastate - slick what I be gonna do now ? 30 ext . country road - day 30 sonny walk along . he have leave he guitar and sack back at the club . he slow , see - Pov - sheriff' car the sheriff' car be sit at the side of the road , a country song play on the radio- sonny he decide to brave it , walk ahead with he eye fix straight ahead . we he get even with the car we see sheriff pugh sit in the driver 's seat , watch he - pugh in a hurry , boy ? sonny stop , look to the sheriff - sonny naw , sir . pugh take you hat off . sonny take he hat off . he meet the sheriff 's eye , try to strike a balance between defiant and submissive - pugh where you head ? sonny lookin for work . pugh you be not from here . sonny naw , sir . 50 . pugh Stranger wanderin around , no job - that would make you a vagrant . sonny but I be lookin- pugh I get a job for you . get in the back . sonny do not even think about run away . 31 ext . 1st cotton field - day - worker 31 Black prison laborer pick cotton , watch over by a armed deputy - gatlin ( o.s. ) I can always use another hand . we shift to see gatlin , a white planter who chew and spit tobacco , look sonny over as sheriff pugh stand by - pugh caught this young fella in flagrant violation of the statute . gawkery with intent to mope . gatlin what 's he gonna run I ? pugh Three dollar a day plus you feed im lunch . now the sentence - that depend on how long you gonna need the help . sonny decide to speak up - sonny I do not get any trial ? sheriff pugh sure you do , boy . and a speedy one , too. ( point ) meet judge gatlin . gatlin spit - gatlin grab a sack . 51 . 32 ext . piney wood - crossroad - afternoon 32 maceo nail a guitar Sam poster to a tree , look over he handiwork . a army platoon trudge into the crossroad , sweat - soak and footsore - maceo watch , pleased , as the black soldier check the poster out as they pass - maceo Saturday night , fella ! every fine - look color woman in the county gonna be there - do not want to miss it ! a white lieutenant pass , give maceo a dark look . maceo salute - maceo afternoon , sir . Nice lookin bunch of soldier . 33 int . mayor winfield house - dine room - day 33 delilah sit at the dining room table with a sandwich she 's make herself . we hear perry como on a record somewhere in the house . she have not get two bite down before amanda wander in , crossing to the liquor cabinet - amanda oh dear , I believe it 's about that time - she pull out a decanter of wine - amanda would you care to join I ? delilah no thank you . amanda pour herself a glass of wine - amanda of course you will not join I , you do not partake . that be thoughtless of I . 52 . delilah that 's all right . amanda so you do not take spirit and - what else ? in you church ? delilah I be sort of between church right now . I be think about change over to the holiness , but I - I have not be sanctify yet . amanda ah - delilah there 's be a minister in this week - amanda the tent out by the fairground . delilah nod . amanda take a drink - amanda the church I grow up in - we be pentacostals - they would not have anything but the human voice inside the church . and dance - any kind of dance , music , card play -- well , it be very strict . they take up serpent . delilah I have hear of that . amanda I tell floyd this storey and he 's horrify . they have always be methodist , floyd 's family . delilah they be good people too . amanda when I marry floyd - - oh , it be quite a scandal among my relative . as if I would take up with somebody in a cult . 53. delilah it can be a trial , marry folk differ in they religion . amanda and you husband be a--- ? delilah unaffiliate . amanda unaffiliate . I see . he have he -- social club - delilah the honeydripper . amanda such a colorful name . delilah yes . amanda he must devote a great deal of he energy to it . delilah it 's just he and maceo Green run it , and then I go over and cook some when I get off here . amanda that 's very - supportive of you . consider the sort of - environment - delilah ( defensive ) I be in that barroom most of my life , miss amanda . amanda realize she have probe too deep , try to back up - amanda I see - delilah I be a singer . I meet tyrone in the paradise , down in Shreveport , China doll be only two - delilah consider , struggle to express who ty be - 54 . delilah I be just kind of livin along , you know , drink more than I ought -- then tyrone . it be like a light come into my life . delilah turn away , embarrassed to have reveal so much - delilah people think thing because he own the Lounge , but they do not know he . amanda small mind be never in short supply . she cross to look out a window - amanda the people in this town --- she catch herself , smile - amanda I suppose they expect that floyd , be from a prominent family - as prominent as be possible here in harmony - would have choose somebody more -- she fade away again , empty she glass - amanda my people be very devout , but they be not - financially successful . delilah no shame in that . amanda in school , if you do not have shoe - she frown at the memory , sigh - amanda oh , I forget -- amanda be up and out of the room . delilah frown at the decanter , hurry to put it away . amanda come back in hold a dress for a young girl - 55 . amanda I be go through Emily 's old thing the other day , and I think this would look just darling on you China doll - delilah examine the dress , which be clearly for a little girl - delilah oh - I do not think it would near fit she , miss amanda . amanda ( disappointed ) how old be she now ? delilah seventeen . amanda ( shocked ) oh my - I must have lose track somewhere along the line . seventeen . she sit , still hold the dress , sneak a look over to where the wine decanter be - delilah it be a very nice think . a awkward silence that perry como fill inadequately . a knock at the back door , then China doll step in , not see amanda right away - china doll mama ? they need you at - delilah shift she eye to indicate - china doll oh , I be sorry , miss amanda . I do not know you be home . amanda ( smile ) China doll ! we be just recalling - you use to play right here under this table . 56 . 34 int . bertha mae' house - bedroom 34 ty sit stare , mind work overtime , stare at the dead woman on the bed . he barely hear slick talk to the undertaker behind he , busy fill out form - slick there be not any cash money I know of . she sell a good deal of the furniture , but there 's still a nice - lookin sofa in the parlor . only thing she care for anymore be singin out to pinetop 's place - ty look at a large ring on bertha 's mae 's cold gray hand . he touch it with a finger - slick you welcome to look around the house - if there 's anything you missus might like -- long as it 's not something personal to I and bertha mae - ty draw he finger away from the ring as if burnt - slick it 's just - she get to go out in style , be what it be . the best you get , all the trimmin - lay it out for she . that 's the way she live it - that 's the way she ought to leave it . ty close he eye and bury he head in he hand - 35 ext . 1st cotton field - afternoon 35 blaze hot . cotton chaff in the air as the prison work gang bend to they task , drag long sack behind they like snake . even the deputy be sweat rivulet as they stand by with they shotguns in hand . sonny be way behind the other , not dress for the work , wince as he prick he finger for the umpteenth time . ned , a little prisoner pick he way back in the opposite direction in a parallel row , take pity on he - ned y'all never do this job before . 57 . sonny can not say I have . ned you want to set you pin out wide , bend over from the hip - sonny widen he stance - ned - and do not be bobbin up and down all the time . when you up , be up , but when you on the row , stay down . sonny dig in and keep low - ned but most important , you get to get you a rhythm . everything in this life get a rhythm to it - even pullin cotton off the plant . sonny Lay it out for I . ned not my rhythm - you rhythm . that 's between you and the day and the work you get before you . once you on it , do not let nothin and nobody push you off it . sonny I be go so slow . ned you gettin pay by the pound or by the hour ? sonny I be not gettin pay at all . none of we be . ned cackle - ned then I suggest you work that into you rhythm too . a deputy call out - 58 . deputy let 's see more pickin and less talkin over there ! ned gettin right on it , boss ! ned pick he way behind sonny . sonny start to rock slightly , look for a rhythm of movement he can maintain - 36 ext . 1st opposite cotton field 36 the free picker sit on and around the truck that bring they , eat lunch . dex watch the prison laborer across the road as he shuffle a batter deck of card , sit with a couple of the other men- dex they boy fryin over there . junebug that judge gatlin 's gang - he work they people from can until can not , ever damn day , and when he field be pick he bid they out to the neighbor . harvest time come round here , you sign up with somebody fast or you stay outa sight . dex wave fly away from he face , spit - dex ate a peck of dust today . junebug take some water . dex only thing wash the dust out be whiskey . junebug ( smile ) aint enough whiskey in this world wash out what I swallow in my life . dex riffle the card - junebug what we playin for ? 59 . dex two bit a hand . junebug that 's kind of steep - dex laugh and start to deal a card at a time to the player - dex Hell , I member playin this game one night - Memphis be boss crump 's town , folk be gamblin before they can walk - ten dollar a hand . I catch a winnin streak that clean out half the sportin man on beale Street . get up from that table , my money be as long as train smoke - junebug what happen to it ? dex raise he voice so the woman he check out in the morning can hear - dex spend it all on fine- lookin woman . he call to where Ham stand in knee-high grass , a heavy stick in he hand , stare intently at the ground - dex yo , missippi- junebug his name Hamilton . dex hambone ! you want in on this ? he raise a matchstick in he finger - dex settle up on payday . ham that you deck of card ? dex what if it be ? ham I stay clear of it then . 60 . dex stop deal to stare at Ham , insulted - dex you sinuatin ? ham just sayin I do not want to play . there be a sudden rustling at Ham 's foot and whap ! he bring he stick down hard . he pull up a rabbit , dead , by its hind leg - junebug look like dinner . dex rabbit be a rodent . man eat a rabbit , might 's well eat a rat . dex snort , disgust , then finish deal . he lay the top card face up and slap down the rest of the deck - dex ( mutter ) simple country nigger , fraid to sit down a lose he little handful of change -- junebug he awful big to mess with . dex do not scare I none . I be a steppin razor , man , I be trouble on two leg . we hear a car approaching , slowing down - dex you draw , junebug . and do not be drippin sweat on my card . maceo ( o.s. ) Excuse I , folk - they turn to see maceo lean out of the window of ty 's old Ford , a guitar slim poster tape to the side of it - maceo yall hear about the show we puttin on at the honeydripper Saturday night ? 61 . 37 ext . purvis house - night 37 a very modest wooden house with a porch . light on inside - 38 int . purvis house - kitchen - night 38 ty and China doll sit as delilah lay dinner on the table . she be dress to go out - delilah I expect there will be a nice turnout for bertha mae tomorrow . ty folk who would not have nothin to do with she when she be alive . delilah some of they , maybe . you still get to pay you respects . ty slick gonna have to find he a new ride . delilah that 's a terrible thing to say - ty that 's how the man get over , be all , sugarin up to some woman get a job or a bankroll - delilah it 's no way to live . ty just how it be out in the world , baby - man get to walk through the gate of Hell to get a piece of cheese . he stare moodily , unnotice as she lay he plate in front of he - ty you be not so young any more , lose hold of what little you get - he just shake he head - 62 . delilah if you lose the club I be sure you will find something else . ty in this town ? like what ? delilah proceed cautiously - delilah you know anytime you want I could get miss amanda to ask she husb - ty " watch yo foot , Mr. Mayor , I do just mop the flo ! " delilah try to ignore this - delilah you work so hard at the Lounge , and what it bring in - ty be not even as much as what you make polishin that white lady 's silver . I know . delilah I do not say that . ty you do not have to . delilah give up , know he 's set on he mood - delilah it will just have to work out , then . a strain silence . delilah cross to the back door - delilah meetin gonna start without I be there . ty you soul not the one need savin , baby . she give ty a lose look , step out . the screen door slam . China doll see how worried ty be - 63. china doll it 's all gonna be fine , daddy . everbody in town talkin bout guitar Sam comin to harmony . 39 ext . revival tent - night - wide shot 39 a choir sing at the front of the lantern - lit tent , a congregation of salvation - seeker fill the bench - choir mother die - yes she die and leave I it be long - long time ago oh but I searched searched she record over I find mother just have to go under tent choir oh she cry son , Son do not you worry oh you know the Lord always fix a way delilah arrive at the rear of the tent , find herself a spot on a bench - choir she leave I stand stand along the highway oh wonder - which way I must go ! reverend cutlip watch he singer , clap out time with he big hand - choir as I walk - all along the highway I be seek my Lord each day she leave I stand stand along the highway just wonder - which way must I go ! ` amen ' and other sound greet the end of the song . reverend cutlip step to the center of the platform and look around at the soul gather - 64 . reverend cutlip the highway of life , Brothers and sister , will twist you and turn you , it will run you this way and that way , it will tempt you with many a detour - - for the highway of life , Brothers and sister , be design to lead we astray ! he get a ` amen ! ' from someone in the crowd - reverend cutlip it meander away from the Light and into the darkness , it tire we leg and whittles away at we spirit ! the congregation start to get into it , responding , rock with the rhythm of the sermon , flap they paper fan that advertise beauchamp 's funeral Home in the hot night -- reverend cutlip it snare we with the thorns and thistles of wickedness , it be paved with the black deed of sinner and laid out on a crooked plan ! that 's not the road we want to be on , Brothers and sister , that 's not the path we need to follow ! the reverend pick up speed - reverend cutlip we get to get on that other road ! the one that lead to salvation ! the one that lead to glory ! the one that lead to the right hand of God ! praise his name ! congregation praise the Lord ! reverend cutlip the thoroughfare I be talk about , the righteous path we get to tread , be call the highway to Heaven , and by the great Lord above it be straight and it be narrow ! ( more ) 65 . reverend cutlip ( cont would ) keep you eye on the prize and you foot on the street and you will not ever make a mis-step , you will not ever falter , you will not ever stumble , because Jesus will show you the Way ! several people in the audience be up and shout now , get into the Spirit . reverend cutlip shift gear , fill he voice with a sense of dread and warning - reverend cutlip but you get to pay attention to who it be walk beside you , Brothers and sister , get to be wary against that who will hold you back from you journey ! there 's many a love one get to be leave behind ! Cause you either on the road or you lose in the wilderness ! delilah we tighten on delilah as she listen , upset , take this all very personally - reverend cutlip ( o.s. ) you either head for glory or doom to damnation ! you either in with the Lord or you in with the Devil - and they aint no in - between ! 40 int . jail - night 40 we track past cell full of black prisoner - king ( o.s. ) Tulsa aint so bad but for the smell - ned ( o.s. ) get they stockyard near the jail - king ( o.s. ) that 's right - and the fly . course , I have I in a cell in Georgia once , six other man , do not have no window atall . ned ( o.s. ) must of get catch on one a they freight . 66 . sonny be in a big common cell with the other conscript labor gang . he hang on the bar as behind he man pitch penny , while ned and another veteran jailbird , king , compare lodging experience - king yeah , aint no free ride allow through Georgia . and the food there - ned paltry - king paltry aint the word for it . Breakfast be a joke , lunch be a rumor - ned - and dinner be a anecdote . king ( laugh ) spose you be lock in that box . ned or one just like it . sonny begin to sing softly , almost to himself - sonny well you wake up in the morning hear the bing -bong ring - walk up to the table and see the same damn thing all imonna tell you knife , a fork and a pan if you say a thing about it you be in trouble with the man the man join he on the chorus - all let the Midnight special shine its light on I oh let the Midnight special shine its ever-lovin light on I - sonny turn to face they - ned you a singer , young man ? 67 . sonny Singer , guitar player - imonna be on the radio some day . people gonna know my name . ned ( chuckle ) keep thinkin that way , young man . judge gatlin do not choose to work you into you grave , you just might do it . sonny ponder this , look back out through the bar , sing more moodily now as we track away from the cell - sonny if you ever go to Houston do not you stagger do not you fight Cause the sheriff will arrest you you be in the cooler for the night - fade to black . 41 int . bertha mae' house - bedroom - morning 41 we hear the slow blue dirge bertha May as we see China doll apply polish to bertha mae 's fingernails - 42 int / ext . bertha mae' house - morning 42 music continue . we track back through the house , look at photograph and poster of she sing in she glory day , finally tracking out onto the porch where slick sit glumly on the step and the undertaker stand in he black suit , look at he watch as mourner begin to pass into the house - 43 int . bertha mae' house - parlor - morning 43 music continue . mourner pass the OPEN coffin - 44 ext . country road - morning 44 music continue . ty and maceo help carry the coffin down a dirt road , slick walk at the head of the mourner follow it - 68 . 45 ext . cemetery - morning 45 music continue as - hand grip rope as the coffin be lower into the hole - reverend cutlip speak a eulogy - slick try to keep it together - scratch and lonnie watch the ceremony from a tree branch - ty look at he watch , slip away from the funeral party . delilah notice , frown . reverend cutlip take note as well - a shovel dig into pile dirt - dirt be toss down upon we and the screen go black . 46 ext . railroad station - morning 46 ty wait for a train , still in he mourn suit . we tighten on he face - tense , preoccupy with he scheme to save the club - possum hear tell miss bertha mae pass . ty whirl around -- somehow he do not see possum , sit on a bench behind he , guitar in he lap . ty that 's right . possum she live it how she sing it . ty try to ignore he , look down the rail - possum waitin for somebody . ty be silent . possum aint nobody on that train gonna change you luck , tyrone . gonna have to save you own self . 69 . ty ( annoyed ) what you know about anything ? possum oh , nothin much . ty step away . possum speak quietly - possum but I know you from way back . possum start playing , a dark , moody , slide - guitar blue . ty look toward possum , not happy he 's there , then look away . the music get louder , faster , possum moaning and whooping , stomping he foot - we tighten on ty' face , tighter , tighter , then dissolve to : int . bar - night - flashback 47 47 we be in a bar room - smoke , heat , pack body - possum 's song grow more intense as we track in on guitar man - young , with slick hair a moustache and ton of attitude . he sneer , flick he cigarette almost straight at we . we track in on young tyrone , also swear , step away from he piano - guitar man hand he guitar to one of the eager men stand close , hope for a fight - a pretty girl stand to one side , look scared and excited , cover she mouth with she hand - Young tyrone step in to meet he , the crowd around almost push they together - guitar man pull out a knife ! Young tyrone grab for it and they grapple , face to face , struggle in a terrible dance - a train whistle break the spell ! ext . train yard - morning - present 48 48 possum stop play and cock he head to listen - the whistle again as the train approach . ty take a deep breath , hope - 70 . 49 ext . country road/2nd cotton field - day 49 mourner be walk back down the country road where we see the coffin carry . reverend cutlip sidle up to delilah - reverend cutlip a mournful end for a wayward sinner . delilah she always seem at peace with herself . reverend cutlip the company she keep , the life she lead - delilah I never know bertha mae to do hurt to a live soul . the reverend be not too pleased with delilah 's forgive attitude - reverend cutlip we be all hope to see you get over and accept the Lord tonight , delilah . delilah I be hope so too . cutlip nod toward the field as they pass the prison labor gang , pick cotton under guard - reverend cutlip you be linger at the threshold long enough , sister . time to step ahead . delilah try not to show how shake she be by this challenge . she pass out of frame and we see China doll bring up the rear of the funeral party , lose in think . she look over into the cotton field - Pov - sonny , prison labor gang sonny bend he back with the other laborer , pick and sweat - 71 . china doll China doll pause , frown as she see it be sonny work , a deputy strolling past he , shotgun in hand . sonny see she , lower he head in shame - 50 ext . train station - late morning 50 the train have just pull into the station . a pair of pullman porter step out -- but nobody else . ty feel he heart sink . shack Thomas come up behind he , carry a overnight bag - shack thomas tyrone - get somebody gettin off here ? ty suppose to be . he halt by ty for a moment , watch . nobody else be step out - shack thomas what 's the party 's name ? ty Sam - guitar Sam -- do not know he birth name - shack thomas ( impressed ) he 's comin here ? he call to the porter further up the platform - shack thomas yo , nat ! guitar Sam get on this train ? nat naw , man . he 's in the hospital back in Little rock . ty Hospital ? 72 . nat you know music folk - whatever he be doin , he must have do too much of it . the porter laugh . shack , realize this must be a setback for ty , pat he shoulder before he step onto the train - shack thomas well , brother - maybe he be in tomorrow . we follow ty away from the train as nat call ` all aboard !' and the engine gather power . possum sit listen to the single slide note he play , as if tuning he guitar - possum somebody do not show up . ty ( grim ) wish they would make you dumb instead of blind . we hold on possum , cackle darkly , as ty walk away . the train whistle blows - 51 int . honeydripper - day 51 a tear and crumpled guitar Sam poster lay on the bar counter . finger move on the keyboard . ty sit drink , brood , playing and singing softly at the piano . maceo be at the bar - ty well I have my fun if I do not get well no more well I have my fun if I do not get well no more my head be spinnin and I be goin down slow - maceo man do not take care of hisself - out drinkin and jazzin the woman every night - 73. ty do not make any difference now . maceo get so bad , I hear there be some ole boy go around pretendin to be guitar Sam , fill out the gig he miss . do pretty well for hisself , what I hear - ty pause on the keyboard - ty somebody we could find ? maceo ( shrug ) Hell , I do not know . just a story I hear . they both go back to brood . ty take a drink . he stare at the keyboard - ty there must have be a first one . maceo first what ? ty back slavery day , they have the one that work in the big house . might not of have shoe always , but they pants do not have no hole and they do not pick no cotton . maceo House nigger . ty that 's how they call they . they must of have all they African kinda instrument - drum , shaker , some kind of banjo thing - but the piano - maceo do not bring no piano over on they ship from Africa . 74 . ty the piano be just sittin there in the white folk ' big room , all polished up -- and I figure this one boy , he go past fifteen , twenty time a day , run the corner of he eye over it . and he 's there when they play , the master , doin all they minuet and whatever - ty plays something like a minuet - ty - he stand there with a tray of white people food pretendin not to have a think in he head , might be only some dust hangin in the air for all they know - but he 's watchin the finger , see , watchin they key work . this old boy , the first one , he can play alla they Africa kinda instrument , he can play mud if you give he the key and the tempo , he 's get music in he head , in he heart , in every damn piece of he there 's music . maceo down to the bone -- ty and one day the master be away , huntin fox or some rich white people thing they get up to , and he 's alone in the room with that piano and he come over and sit down on the bench - maceo watch out now - ty - and he spread he finger out the way he see the minuet player do - and he - ty hit a minor chord , let it decay - ty and he think - ` Lord help I , I could do some damage with this . ' 75 . a silence . maceo be move by the scene - maceo would have like to be there . I mean to hear the cat play , not none of the rest of it . ty get up and cross the room with he drink in he hand , distraught . this be the end for ty , no strategy leave , nothing but the bitter taste of total defeat - ty mace , imonna lose my club . maceo Old man toussaint find out you steal he liquor , you like to lose more than that - ty I get no more card to play - maceo maybe if you be to go down , see lucky hardaway in person - ty ( angry ) I aint kissin up to no cokey - nose , conk -headed - whap ! he kick sonny 's guitar case , leave stick out under a table , and send it spin across the floor till it crash into the bar and flip open . ty and maceo stare at the content - ty what the hell that spose to be ? maceo pull out a home - build solid body guitar , a paint white rectangle with a complicated pickup jury -rigged over the string and yard of electrical cord hang off it - maceo some kind of guitar . ty a guitar have get a hole in it , that 's where the sound come from . that boy must be bout three brick shy of a load upstairs . China doll rush in , upset - 76 . china doll they go and arrest he ! ty arrested who ? china doll sonny . the high sheriff arrest he and sell he over to judge gatlin . ty who 's sonny ? china doll sonny that be here yesterday morning . ty sonny that get a screw loose be why they arrest he . maceo , make a noise on that - maceo pluck a string . not much of a sound - maceo it 's electric - ty I plug a chunk of stove wood into the wall I get more music out of it than that mess gonna make . maceo naw , man , it do not work unless it 's hook up to the juice , see ? you get the juice , you do not need the hollow inside the box , the music just run straight from the string through this wire and come out - he dump the sack sonny bring out and out fall a mass of tube and wire , also home- modify - maceo - you amplifier . which be what this thing must be . china doll sonny say he fix radio in the Army . 77 . ty sonny do not do nothin but feed bedbug in anybody 's Army , and some of they crawle in he head . surprise if that boy get the wit to pick cotton . judge gatlin buy himself a droolin idiot . what you want to amplify a damn guitar for anyway ? china doll daddy - ty less you gonna sit over on you chair and play they little charley Christian kind of riff - maceo a sideman - ty sit over there and be all clean and polite . guitar have not be up front since they old piss and moan blue shouter , sit they blind ass on the corner hollerin for penny - maceo Old time music - china doll daddy , sonny do not do nothin to be arrest for ! he be just lookin for work . maceo they hang color boy for less than that , darlin . least on the work gang they feed they , keep they strength up . china doll but he do not belong there ! maceo turn the guitar over in he hand - maceo you know , guitar Sam play he a electric , but I do not think it 's this no- hole kind of deal . 78 . ty I hope he plug it in the wrong socket some night , lectrocute he sorry no - show ass ! ty have a think . he look over at the guitar in maceo 's hand - ty ( think out loud ) now if he do show up here -- and we power be to go out again while he be play - maceo ( o.s. ) I think I fix it good this time , ty. ty smile - ty so he come out and plug he ax in - maceo he come out lookin good , from what I hear . all kind of spangly pants and jacket , get he name spell out on the back - ty clothes , right - maceo Hair all slick and shiny , flash some gold tooth at they gal , get he sax man behind he , maybe a piano , harmonica , drum - ty you remember that night the light go out in the esquire Club in mobile ? maceo ( smile ) and somebody take off with the gate ? stole the whole damn register off the counter - ty they do not hold it against Reggie porter , do they ? 79 . maceo naw - it be he place that get rob . ty do not hold it against he , do not expect no money back for the show - maceo they all too busy diving on the pot of that tonk game get interrupt - ty and nobody suspect it might be Reggie porter hisself that pull they light , do they ? maceo begin to see where ty be lead - maceo aw , no , ty , we can not - ty clap he hand together , jump up and head for the door - ty China doll , you mind the place while we be go ! ( to maceo ) come on , man , we get work to do . china doll where you go , daddy ? ty I promise the people guitar Sam , they gonna get guitar Sam ! 52 int . sheriff' office 52 we start on a portrait of Governor Big Jim folsom on the wall , then tilt down to sheriff pugh , foot up on the desk , a table - top fan point at he , look up at ty - sheriff pugh why you interested in this boy ? ty get a job for he . sheriff pugh must be doin pretty good for yourself out there , tyrone , you hirin new people on . 80 . ty pass well , yeah - sheriff pugh but this boy - ty name be sonny - sheriff pugh he 's payin off he debt to society right now , and if I be to pull he out of the field it would cost the county - ty judge gatlin payin three a day for prison labor . sheriff pugh you gonna pay I four for the duration of he sentence ? ty which might be - ? sheriff pugh - as long as I care to make it . ty well , I be count on more of a one - time deal - if I could just rent he out for the weekend - sheriff pugh fifty dollar . ty look stricken - sheriff pugh it 's not just the money . there 's legalistic principle involved here . Public safety issue - ty I pay you Sunday morning ? sheriff pugh you pay I now or you forget about it . ty I do not have it now . 81 . sheriff pugh you think you too smart for the rest of we , do not you , tyrone ? think you can go it by yourself . he put he foot down and sit forward , drilling ty with he eye - sheriff pugh you would rather eat roofin nail than come to I for a favor - ty it 's not a favor if I get to pay - sheriff pugh oh , you gonna pay all right . you do not hand I that money Sunday mornin , you get yourself a new partner . same deal as I get with toussaint . how would that be ? ty consider . he do not have any option - ty ( deadpan ) you will get the fifty . sheriff pugh ( smile ) and that wife of yours - ty ( wary ) delilah - sheriff pugh they fry chicken sandwich - if I be to come by , now and then , check up on my interest - ty she be happy to fix you whatever you want . sheriff pugh my wife 's cookin would gag a maggot . ty different people get different kind of talent . sheriff pugh heave himself to he foot - 82. sheriff pugh lurleen aint discover what hers be yet . let 's go fetch that boy . 53 ext . 2 nd cotton field - day - shotgun 53 a shotgun in a deputy 's arm - Pov - picker face drip sweat , prison gang picker stoop to they work - ty ty stand by he beat - up old Ford at the side of the road , watch , remember . a few of the prison laborer look up , curious , as sonny be lead over - deputy this the one ? ty nod , look to sonny - ty you get any idea about turn rabbit on I , you best get rid of they now . sonny you payin my way out ? ty till Monday . sonny how come ? they get into the car - ty you like draggin that cotton sack ? sonny no . ty then do not ask question . 83. ty pull away , leave the less fortunate stoop in the field - 54 int . sewing room - nadine 54 music play on the radio as nadine masterfully work she sewing machine and maceo stand by uneasily . he hold up the denim jacket sonny leave at the club - maceo this size , right , but it 's get to shine . nadine and when you need this ? maceo tonight . nadine ( consider ) that 's a tall order . maceo it 's get to happen . nadine ( fishing ) you know , I do my best work , my fastest work , when I be happy . maceo yeah , I spose you do - nadine look up at he from the sewing machine - nadine you go make I happy , baby ? maceo nervously make for the door - maceo uhm - you come by the club tonight , we havin a special show . tell they at the door you my guest - nadine food aint the only thing a woman need three time a day . maceo ( mutter ) would not hurt you to skip a few meal . 84 . nadine what 's that , baby ? maceo turn at the open door - maceo Boy 's gonna need time to try that jacket on - see how it feel . later , nadine - he be go - 55 int . honeydripper - day 55 ty and China doll stand look at sonny as he sit on a bar stool - ty you get to do something with this boy 's head , darlin . they might not know what the real Sam look like , but it aint this . china doll I can try . China doll look through the beauty product she 's pile up nearby - sonny and what exactly I be suppose to do ? ty you go stand up there with that contraption you get a play guitar Sam number . sonny Hell , I do that with my eye close . ty we could get the audience to close theirs we be better off . maceo ( o.s. ) ty - maceo pop he head in the front door - 85 . maceo I track Mr. trenier down - ty let 's hit it . ty leave to join maceo - china doll bye , daddy . China doll be a little nervous to be leave alone with sonny . she put she comb in she hand and walk around sonny , examine he hair while he examine she face - sonny you know what you be do ? china doll I fix mama 's hair all the time . sonny but you aint be to that school yet . china doll you go to school to learn you guitar ? sonny ( laugh ) no . China doll step behind the bar - china doll I might pick up some new thing at beauty school but mostly it 's for my certificate , and that be `a ticket to adventure '- that 's what it say in the brochure . people lookin for beauty all over the world . sonny see the loose wire that come through the wall behind the bar . China doll search around - sonny you want to watch out for they wire stick down - do not look safe . 86 . china doll ( shrug ) yeah - power 's always go out , people get shock and whatnot - sonny somebody ought to fix it . she search under the counter for something - china doll `a career in beauty be like money in the bank . ' say that in the brochure too . plus it be not physically taxin . sonny yeah , I can not see no pretty thing like you behind a plow . china doll I have the rheumatic fever when I be little , leave I with a weak heart . sonny oh. mine be actin funny too - since I laid eye on you . she acknowledge he flirt with a little smile and come up with a mason jar full of clear liquid - sonny what 's that ? china doll just some ole moonshine they keep around . China doll cross back to sonny - sonny ( concerned ) what you gonna do with it ? china doll they always joke about how this stuff will straighten you hair right out - she twist the lid off , sniff the liquid , react to its strength - 87 . china doll imonna just make yours relax a little . 56 int . parlor 56 time trenier , a older musician with a permanently stoic expression , sit watch he pupil , a young boy , torture the scale with a cornet . he glance up at ty and maceo , try not to plug they ear as the boy continue to play - maceo Mr. time trenier - that 's a name to be reckone with . time do not seem to react to the flattery - maceo Story go that you use to play with buddy bolden . time play with most all of they down there . maceo and King Oliver - time one band fall apart you find yourself another one . never any shortage of band , down New awlin . ty I do not know you be givin lesson . time pay the rent . almost . ty you interested in a playin job ? time you place ? maceo ( tentative ) it 's uhm - backin up a man on the electric guitar ? 88. time ( shrug ) if you can pay , I can play . ty get to dress sharp . no need to say this to time trenier . you could cut yourself on the crease on he pants - maceo it aint like a all - night thing - you just start out and there 's gonna be a accident - ty shoot maceo a look - time Accident . ty sudden loss of power . light out . time ( shrug again ) it 's you gig , man . ty eight o'clock . this aint color people time and it sure aint New awlin time . I mean eight o'clock on the money . time if you get the green I be on the scene . ty that 's a deal then . maceo you know any drummer ? time ( nod ) I will bring you one . ty nothin fancy , he just get to keep time - time time be my name . ty and maceo wince as the kid hit a particularly sour note - 89 . 57 ext . country road , 2nd cotton field - late afternoon 57 the free picker be line up at the side of the road - closer a white clerk sit behind a wooden table in front of the transport truck and pull cash from a metal BOX , consulting a thick ledger in front of he as he pay the picker off . sheriff pugh observe , he patrol car park nearby . Ham have come to the head of the line , junebug behind he - clerk twenny -four , twenny - five , twenny - six , twenny - seven , twenny -eight . make you mark here - ham ( softly ) owe I thirty . clerk Book say twenny - eight . ham dollar fifty every hundred pound , and I pick - clerk two dollar deduct for stone . ham I do not put no stone in the sack . clerk we mill the cotton , there 's always stone . ham but there be not none in my sack - clerk we take off two dollar a week , always have . aint that right , junebug ? junebug know it 's useless to complain - junebug yes suh . be that way my whole life . 90 . Ham be furious but have nowhere to go with it - sheriff pugh you gonna take you pay , son , or give it up to charity ? Ham swipe he pay off the table , stalk away . sheriff pugh glare after he . we follow Ham as he cross to the rear of the truck . dex sit on the tailgate , grin at he - dex would not let nobody mess with my money like that . ham they take the same two dollar off yours . dex yeah , and you could pave a highway with the rock I throw in that mess . he catch the eye of Lucille , stand nearby - dex you country nigros let the cracker run you like dog - snatch ! Ham grab dex by the shirt front and yank he close , hiss in fury - ham that sheriff be not here I would snap you neck , boy . sheriff pugh ( o.s. ) do not let I stop you . Ham turn to see sheriff pugh stand behind he , a wry smile on he face - sheriff pugh but first you gonna sign that ledger like you spose to . do not want nobody cryin they do not get they due . 91 . 58 int . honeydripper - day 58 ty be repair the little stage with hammer and nail - sonny ( o.s. ) Mr. purvis ? ty ( do not look up ) people call I ty or they call I pinetop . Mr. pinetop to you . sonny ( o.s. ) I just want to tell you - I preciate the opportunity . ty look up to see sonny with he hair press under a tight cap make from a old stocking - ty right . sonny I know ever one of guitar Sam 's song - know the chord , know the word - ty that 's fine . sonny begin to stroll around the edge of the club , look at photo and showbills on the wall - sonny China doll say how you be famous once . ty be pleased at he step - daughter 's brag , but do not show it - ty I be know , but I be never what you call famous . sonny how would you get you start ? ty sigh , sit back from he work - 92 . ty down in mobile there be a old cathouse professor name of Joe dudlow , have have a stroke on one side , curl he all up - but he keep on pluggin . I use to come out and play he leave hand for he . sonny how old you be ? ty ( shrug ) thirteen , fourteen . this one night it be goin hot and heavy and Joe just pass , right there at the piano , in the middle of Black bottom stomp . they propped he up at the bar , stick a drink in he hand , and tell I to keep poundin they ivory . ( shake he head ) there be a meanness hang over they juke joint , there be murder in the air . you stop playin for a minute , it come down like a flock of crow . sonny stop by a poster for the `reginald erskine band feature tyrone " pinetop " purvis ' - sonny this be you - ty Big band day , on the road . if a railroad train run through it , we play it . sonny ( read ) ` reginald erskine ' . do not believe I ever hear of he - ty Big tall light - skin fella out of Carolina , say he 's part Cherokee . could not play nothin , but he wave he little stick and have this long greasy hair he throw around like cab calloway . sonny and you be the piano man . 93. ty piano man , arranger , you name it . sonny that must of be something , see the country first class . ty I do not know about first class , but we see the country . sonny how come you stop ? ty ( shrug ) get tired of carry another man 's water . do not want to die in no color hotel some night in who -know - where Arkansas . he bang the last nail in - ty met delilah and want something of my own . sonny well you do not have nothing to worry about , Mr. pinetop . I will not let you down tonight . ty look at sonny , consider tell he what the plan be - ty no - I do not spose you will . ty get up and go into the back . sonny cross to the tangle of wire come out of the wall behind the counter and snake off in every direction . he grab hold of one , think - 59 int . purvis house - kitchen 59 delilah be in she kitchen , humming a gospel song to herself , apron on as she begin to make a pie . she pull a metal flour cannister down from the shelf , flip the lid off - about half full . she start to scoop flour out from it and something fall out - a small cloth purse . she pick it up to put it aside , then frown at the way it feel . she shake flour off , unzip it - 94 . nothing inside . 60 int . honeydripper - back room 60 maceo load bottle of beer into the icebox , wince as the sound of a scream argument blast in from the bar - delilah ( o.s. ) how could you do that ? ty ( o.s. ) imonna put that back and double - delilah ( o.s. ) you do not go gamblin with my baby 's money ! ty ( o.s. ) I have to send off the advance pay or the man do not come and play - delilah ( o.s. ) I do not care what you take it for , I save that money up for China doll - delilah burst through the swinging door into the back room , pursue by ty , try to explain - delilah - and you get no business puttin you finger on it ! ty China doll do not need any school , baby , she could walk into one of they shop right this minute and get a job ! delilah there 's get to be some line you will not cross , some thing you will not do - ty the world start throwin I break , woman , maybe I will catch religion and walk the straight and narrow like they Bible thumper you sit up with , but till that day , I - 95 . delilah reverend cutlip be right about you ! wham ! delilah slam the back door as she storm out . ty turn and crack ! kick a empty crate halfway across the floor before stomping out to the bar . maceo open a beer with the church - key hang from the icebox handle , take a gulp and sit to ponder this new development - 61 int . bedroom - opal - early evening 61 we hear the revival meeting choir singing a upbeat number as opal , dress for Saturday night , check herself out in a spot , crack mirror and work on she make - up - choir ( v.o. ) you get to choose get to choose tween the fire and the Light 62 ext . town - luther - early evening 62 music continue . luther strut around a corner in the black section of town , dress up to party . behind he we see a half - dozen other young men and women , all deck out , move toward the railroad track - choir ( v.o. ) you get to choose get to choose tween the fire and the Light all you sinner get to choose tween the fire and the Light 63 int . army barracks - early evening 63 music continue . a trio of black private share a mirror , spiffing up they uniform to go out on leave - choir ( v.o. ) no earthly love be gonna make it right ! you get to choose - 96 . 64 int . worker housing - early evening 64 music continue . dex , dress to go out , pull a shoebox out from under the cot he sit on . he lift the lid to reveal a old .38 pistol - choir ( v.o. ) get to choose tween the world and the Lord you get to choose get to choose tween the world and the Lord 65 ext . worker housing - early evening 65 music continue . we track toward the barrack - like housing for itinerant worker as picker come out , clean up and ready to celebrate - choir ( v.o. ) all you sinner get to choose tween the world and the Lord Ham walk alone . we see he stuff he roll of single dollar bill into one pocket , tuck a folding knife into the other . he pass a telephone pole and we hold on the guitar Sam poster tack up on it - choir ( v.o. ) train be leavin better jump on board ! 66 ext . revival tent - evening 66 delilah arrive at the revival tent , the choir already singing - choir you get to kneel get to kneel for the savior and pray you get to kneel get to kneel for the savior and pray 97 . 67 ext . honeydripper - evening 67 music continue . the blue light of the sign come on . people fill the yard in front , head into the honeydripper . metalmouth collect cover charge at the door , money pass hand - choir ( v.o. ) all you sinner get to kneel for the savior and pray aint no hidin from the judgement Day ! 68 int . honeydripper - evening 68 maybe fifty people be in the club already , mostly local and harvest hand , with more arrive all the time - ty stand watch the crowd , tense , not at all confident that any of he scheme be go to work - a group of twenty of the black soldier from the base step in - maceo come over and lay a hand on he shoulder - maceo native gettin restless . ty how we do ? maceo we gonna be full up . but the food - delilah comin in ? ty 's expression give he the answer - ty what if I lose she ? maceo she will not let you down , ty- ty this aint gonna work , be it ? maceo we just get to play it out and see - 98 . dex ( call ) guitar Sam ! they look out at the grow crowd . ty be grim - ty see if you can push another round of drink while I stall they . maceo then you gonna bring he out ? dex be join by several other in the club , call out - dex and other Sam ! we come to hear the guitar man play ! guitar Sam ! ty you be on that wire . give he three bar and then you pull it . maceo I get a baseball bat under the counter , but you out here all alone - ty just get the liquor movin , mace , and keep that money where you can run with it . 69 ext . revival tent - night 69 reverend cutlip hold forth under the lantern light - reverend cutlip the Lord do not want nobody to sit back suffer ! he want you to stand up ! he want you to rise up ! he want you to step forward ! he want you rush down into the merciful arm of his eternal salvation ! many of the congregation be up on they foot , clap and testify - reverend cutlip be there anyone out here tonight gonna answer his call ? be there anyone out here tonight gonna come forward and be save ? 99 . delilah delilah be stand , tear run down she cheek , fill with the emotion of the moment - reverend cutlip the fire be heatin up , Brothers and sister , and judgement Day be nigh ! aint no time to hesitate , you get to come on down and take him into you heart ! delilah start to walk down the aisle - reverend cutlip that 's right - come on down ! they no turn back now - feel the Lord 's hand at you back - get to leave all they sinner behind ! delilah stop in the middle of the aisle , tremble , unsure - reverend cutlip ( see she ) you get a voice in you heart , sister - that 's the Lord talk ! you hear he ? delilah start to nod she head , weep - reverend cutlip that voice tell you where you need to be right now ! you just get to move you foot and get there ! 70 int . honeydripper - back room - night 70 China doll fuss with sonny 's hair after he hang he guitar , dangle with electrical hookup , over he head - china doll you look good . ty step back in with they , wiping sweat from he forehead with a handkerchief . he look sonny over - he hair slick and shiny , the outfit nadine sew up for he tight and sparkling - ty ( impressed ) damn - 100 . china doll he look good , do not he daddy ? ty honey , I want you to get right by that front door and take over collectin the cover charge . and if anything should happen - like go wrong or something - you just step out and walk away from the club , hear ? china doll what 's gonna go wrong ? ty oh - we guitar Sam here get they soldier boy jump it could get a little rough - just be on you toe , that 's all . china doll okay . she start away - ty China doll - china doll yeah ? ty you know there aint a thing in this world I would not do for you . even if I mess up sometimes , you know that , right ? China doll look at he , not sure what bring this on , but pleased to hear it . the call for guitar Sam grow louder from the floor - china doll I know that , daddy . ty you go on , now . China doll exit and ty look back to sonny - ty well , you look like something might of come outa New Orleans - 101 . sonny I forget to tell you - I fix you hook-up . ty my what ? sonny where the electricity come in ? it be all - maceo ( o.s. ) ty ! they turn to see maceo step in , concerned - maceo we get a situation out there - ty you do not think I know that ? maceo get the law in the house . 71 int . honeydripper - barroom 71 sheriff pugh stand near the piano , put a considerable damper on the mood in the room . ty hurry out to he , with a panic-stricken smile on he face - ty do not think we would be see you so soon ! sheriff pugh ( look around ) get a nice crowd in here tonight , tyrone . see they army uniform - ty yeah , well we get ourselves this special attraction , see , and - sheriff pugh Chicken . ty huh ? 102 . sheriff pugh they rib outside smell real good , but I get my heart set on some of you delilah 's fry chicken . ty right - sheriff pugh she make it last Saturday at the mayor 's but ole clayford gentry be up from eufala and he get the drumstick . sheriff pugh be distract for a moment as opal and the girl from the store step in , dress to the nine , drink up the eyeball action from the picker and soldier - sheriff pugh I be partial to dark meat . ty see , the thing be - sheriff pugh she be back there cookin , aint she ? we agreement be - ty the situation we get , sheriff , what with this special guest come up from Louisiana - what it mean be - uhm - ty have nothing , the crowd be start to chant for guitar Sam again . he wipe he forehead - ty maybe if you be to come back in - delilah regular or spicy ? delilah be there , smile at pugh , pull she coat off - delilah they both take the same time to fix up , I just get to know which . ty and delilah exchange a long look - 103 . sheriff pugh have to make mine regular . I like the spicy fine but it always come back to nip I later . she shoot a look to ty- delilah it 's important not to bite off more than you can chew . ( to pugh ) yall just make yourself at home . she kiss ty on the cheek and head for the kitchen - delilah good luck tonight , baby . sheriff pugh slap some maynaise on it ! ty smile , he nerve all go now - ty ( point ) might want to wait over there , sheriff . do not want to scare off the customer - a cheer from the crowd . sonny have wander uncertainly out onto the stage ! ty oh Lord - ty run up to he microphone , shoot a look to the bar - maceo be pour a scotch with one hand , the other wrap around the wire come out of the wall . he nod to ty- sonny start to hook he guitar up with a thick coil of wire , then into the dent amp sit on a wooden chair beside he and point out at the crowd . metalmouth sim look on uncomfortably . ty put on he biggest grin , ease behind the keyboard - ty so here 's what you all be waitin for , people , the note performer and recordin star - 104 . entrance - time and young henry time trenier stroll in with he sax still in its case , hat on he head , exude he no-sweat attitude . beside he be young henry , a kid who can not be more than 14 , wear a fedora - ty ( o.s. ) - direct from New Orleans , Louisiana - stage ty - guitar Sam !!!! a terrible squawk emit from the amp as sonny make the connection - sheriff pugh cover he ear - the girl from the store cover they ear , make pain face - sonny pull he guitar away from the amp and the squawk settles to a fuzzy buzz . sonny frown at the amp - sonny sorry , folk - must of get kick on the train . the audience be stone - face . could this really be the man ? Young Henry step up and sit behind the drum kit , pull stick from inside he shirt - ty close he eye , begin to shake he head in defeat - China doll look worried , collect another cover charge at the door - delilah step out from the kitchen and look to the stage , worried - sonny hold he arm out wide , shifting he body to get the buzz under control - dex lean to talk in junebug 's ear - dex what 's this fool playin at ? 105 . maceo be not go to wait to find out . he grab the wire with both hand , yank - they hold firm ! he look to the stage , panicked - - as sonny bring he finger to the string and the amp blast the room with a long , trip -hammer , spine - shiver , electric guitar intro ! ty stand at the piano with he mouth hang open - sonny whoops and lean into he microphone - sonny gonna hold may baby as tight as I can tonight she will know I be a mighty man ! have you hear the news ? there 's good rockin tonight ! sonny look over to ty , who catch himself and begin to play along . Young Henry be impassive as he play a fast shuffle on the skin - ty look over to maceo , half - climb the wall as he try to pull the wire out . maceo see ty , who wave he off - sonny have you hear the news ? there 's good rockin tonight ! delilah smile and press she hand together , shoot a look upward - delilah thank you , Jesus . time trenier have he case open now , the gleam instrument in one hand , squinting at the mouthpiece as he hold it up to the light with the other - sonny meet I at midnight behind the barn do not you worry I will do you no harm the crowd be already clapping and stomping in time with the song . Henry start to hit the two and the four beat hard to keep time - sonny make sure to bring my rockin shoe tonight I be gonna rock away all of my blue ! 106 . time trenier screw the mouthpiece on , put he horn to he lip and blows right on the beat to take the sax break , walk through the parting crowd to the bandstand ! junebug grab opal 's hand and they begin to dance a modify jitterbug , people spread to give they room - sheriff pugh , hand still over he ear , sit in a corner pay special attention to opal 's hip action - as time continue to blow , step up onto the stage , sonny keep urging metalmouth sim to come closer to he microphone with the harmonica . sim be hesitant but sonny keep wave - closer , closer - metalmouth shoot a nervous look to ty , who nod from the piano , so he butt he harp smack against the microphone , take a deep breath and honk he soul out , grab the break from time ! the audience go wild , a half - dozen couple dance now , other clap and finger - pop and jump to the beat where they stand . sonny shake out the long cord attach to he guitar - China doll be try to keep collect from the new customer press in the door and dance at the same time , thrilled by the music . lonnie and scratch sneak in behind she as she turn toward the bandstand - metalmouth wrap up he break and sonny take over with the guitar again , make it wail as he hop off the stage , step up on a chair , then onto the bar counter ! he walk the length of the bar , play he ass off , hop down at the far end , grin at China doll and head out through the door , drag extension cord behind ! lonnie and scratch hurry to pull slack for he as he step out into the night - 72 ext . ace of spade - night 72 Ham and a few other picker stand outside toussaint 's , beer in hand , stare across toward the honeydripper as sonny step out playing with a crowd behind he - ham what the hell be that ? sonny step out into the middle of the crossroad and play , a car stop short of run he over . 107 . he hop up on the hood and keep play , a truck from the other direction stop to blast he with its headlight . sonny indicate with he guitar neck to the crowd empty out of toussaint 's that he want they to follow , then hop down onto a big picker 's back and be carry back in to the honeydripper , still play - ham we get to check that out ! a couple dozen patron move away with he . we hold on the doorway as old man toussaint come out to look , puzzle and angry - 73 int . honeydripper - night 73 time and metalmouth sing into the same microphone as sonny play he way back up to the stage - time and metalmouth have you hear the news ? there 's good rockin tonight - have you hear the news ? there 's good rockin tonight - we follow as maceo hustle back and forth , try to keep up with order for rib , bring cold beer out from the icebox , etc . he suddenly stop in he track - nadine stand before he , look fatally sexy in a satin dress she no doubt make herself . maceo oh my soul . nadine do not tire yourself out , poppa . you a I get bidness together . maceo I believe we do . he hurry past with he arm full of beer , pivote to check she out from another angle - dex see across the room , frown - Ham be talk to Lucille at the bar , lean in close to be hear over the music - 108 . sonny I hear the news - there 's good rockin tonight ! sonny finish with a squawk chord and the joint go wild - cheering , whistling , stomping ! sonny alla you man grab hold of a woman ! you can not find a woman , just grab hold of yourselves - we gonna play this one slow and tight . sonny go into the intro for Louis Jordan 's Blue Light boogie . time lay down a steady rock beat with he sax and ty join in at the piano - sonny they do the boogie real slow with the blue light way down low they do the boogie real slow with the blue light way down low ty join he - sonny and ty they do the boogie real slow with the blue light way down low ty take the verse - ty I go to a party with a bobby sox I start swingin all she would do be rock as they join in the chorus , ty see - cool Breeze , strolling in , check out the action with a proprietary air . ty look to maceo , get back behind the bar . maceo see as well , tightening up - cool Breeze nod to ty. a slow , sexy sax break come up and ty leave the piano to cross to the bar . when he get there maceo be already count out a huge pile of bill - 109 . maceo hundre forty - two , forty - three , forty - four , five , six , seven , eight , nine - hundred fifty . and they 's another fifty in here - maceo thunks a heavy cloth sack full of change onto the countertop - maceo lucky hardaway do not mind some change , do he ? cool Breeze do not even glance at the money , hard - eying ty instead - cool breeze what if Mr. hardaway be to say let the chump keep they change , he want the club back one way or the other ? maceo look to ty , who remain impassive , mind work - cool breeze how would that be ? ty well - he would have to take it up with my bidness partner . ty shift and we rack focus to see across the room to sheriff pugh , receive he sack of chicken and white bread from delilah . ty smile and wave - cool Breeze reconsider he term - cool breeze that sheriff you partner ? ty ( sigh ) yeah , and he 's twice as mean as he be ugly . cool Breeze grin , scoops up the bill on the counter - cool breeze you must want this club awful bad , brother . cool Breeze heft the sack of change , shoot a look to the stage and lean over to speak into ty 's ear - 110 . cool breeze you maybe know this already , but that aint no guitar Sam . he step away just as the song end to applause , ty take a deep sigh of relief . sonny step up to the microphone to introduce the next song - toussaint ( o.s. ) you be a lie ! a shocked silence . the audience make way for Old man toussaint to come totter up to the foot of the stage . he point a bony finger at sonny - toussaint you be a lie , boy ! I know sammy since he 's drinkin mama 's milk , hell , I know he mama herself when she live up to plaquemine - and you aint he ! the audience look to sonny for he defense - ty hold he breath . maceo bring the baseball bat up from behind the bar . sonny just smile - sonny that 's creole guitar Sam you talkin bout , pop . I be Delta guitar Sam . toussaint ponder this a moment , then huff - toussaint as long as we straight on that . junebug get on outa there and let the man play ! a chorus of cry to the same effect , and sonny cross back to he microphone - sonny imonna play you one I come up with today while I be havin my hair cut - he start into a bouncy intro that metalmouth join in with , then start to sing as the crowd start to dance and clap - 111 . sonny oh China doll can not get you offa my mind ! oh China doll I can not get you offa my mind ! if you be my baby gonna leave all they other behind ! the front row be all girl goggle at sonny , instant groupy - but we rack to China doll , transfix , as she be draw toward the stage - sonny oh China doll think about you day and night ! oh China doll I think about you day and night ! can not forget you baby oh when you gonna treat I right ? time trenier step in for a growl sax break - ty ty look around the crowded , rock room - Pov - sheriff pugh the sheriff make he way through the crowd and out the door . the last person he pass turn toward ty - possum ? but then dancers cross in front and he be go . ty ty frown , troubled . under the sax now we hear a dissonant slide guitar , the haunt note possum be play at the train station . ty search the crowd - Pov the slide guitar continue underneath as we pan across the crowd dance - there 's possum again , at the bar , face turn toward ty. 112 . ty we tighten on ty . why be he here ? Pov - possum possum turn he head slowly , fix on something , and we pan to see dex and Ham stand toe- to - toe , snarling into each other 's face . we punch in tighter and tighter on the young man , body language tell we a fight be about to break out - ecu ty ty desperately push he way across the crowded floor to reach they and the flashbacks come again , the sax music grow echoey and menace - int . bar - night - flashback 74 74 the shaky perspective and over - saturate color again , tight on the man struggle , the girl cower , then Young tyrone twist the guitar man 's wrist and thrust , again and again , hugging close to he , then pull away and the - - knife fall to the floor , bloody , and the - - guitar man fall to he hand and knee , he stomach a bloody mess , crawl on all four and howling and Young tyrone watch in horror as he be hold back by many arm and the girl scream - int . honeydripper - night - ( present ) 75 75 - which become time blowing he sax into the microphone - - and dex reach for he pistol - - and Ham reach for he knife , but - -a huge , strong hand clamp down on dex 's wrist - - and another huge hand grab Ham 's wrist ! ty be there , clamping onto they with a grip of iron . 113. a lighter , bouncier electric guitar riff have replace the sax now . ty look deep into the eye of the two surprised picker - ty yall in my house , here , gentleman . do not have no fightin , do not have no killin , do not have none of that dismal nonsense in my house . understand ? what 's you name son ? dex be shake by the strength of the grip on he arm - dex dex - dexter moncrief . ty and you ? ham Hamilton drinkwater . ty well , gentleman , this be the night there will not be no pitiful song write bout you two killin each other . do not nothin rhyme with ` moncrief ' anyhow . maceo be there now , hold a cardboard BOX in one hand and the baseball bat in the other - maceo get a problem here ? ty this young man seem to bring something in for we collection . maceo ( to dex ) your first . ty gently take the pistol from dex , regards it grimly before lay it in the box . he turn he attention to Ham - ty now yours . he take the knife from Ham , toss it in the box - ty yall still need to mess with each other , you go outside and do it . 114 . ty let go of they wrist - ty this world be full of people get no use for we , like to see we in the grave . we do not need to give they any help . the two give each other a final dirty look and move away into opposite corner - stage sonny keep play - sonny oh China doll get to let you into my heart ! oh China doll get to let you into my heart ! I surrender darlin I love you from the very start ! ty rush to the piano , join in jam with the other player - 76 ext . cemetery - night 76 slick sit on a tomb , drink wine , moonlight spilling over bertha mae 's fresh - dig grave . he listen to the music in the far distance - slick sound like the music movin on again , darlin . the way it always do . he listen for another moment , sigh - slick time to make room for whoever comin next . fade to black . 115 . 77 ext . honeydripper - morning 77 the SUN rise next to the honeydripper sign . we hear the crow of a distant rooster . the parking lot be empty but for ty 's old Ford - ty , exhaust but happy , step out front . he pastes a snipe that say held over ! across the guitar Sam poster - possum ( o.s. ) that boy can play some . ty turn . possum be on the road , guitar strung over he shoulder , feel he way with a red-tipped cane . ty you leavin ? possum aint need round here no more . ty where you head ? possum ( smile ) oh -- down the road . ty watch the blind man move away for a moment . maceo ( o.s. ) tyrone - ty turn as maceo step out , equally tired and unshaven - maceo who you talkin to out here ? maceo look down the road , but possum be nowhere to be see . ty shrug - ty just myself . 78 ext . sharecropper shack - early morning 78 scratch and lonnie be set to pretend to play music again . lonnie spread he finger over the key he 's draw on the board - - and begin to play ! fast , rhythmic boogie piano - 116 . instead of a diddley bow , scratch be pretend to tune the two string on a `guitar ' make of a plank of wood and baling wire . he carefully take a length of clothesline rope lead from the guitar , tack the end of it to the wall of the shack , plugging himself in . he look to lonnie , who nod , and then - - he begin to play in time with lonnie . we crane up and away from they , the music spilling out over the field - it sound a whole lot like rock and roll . the end