ob 06/21/90 59 princess TI ( 0c ) we come to celebrate the great Pan 's return . to make peace between we tribe . and join as one in the " never War " against the black hook --- the lost boy sit - in a row on a palm log . Long face , elbow on knee , chin at half - mast . they face princess TI , the sculpt malaysian and 4 warrior , dress in war gear . princess TI ( continue ) -- but I hear it through the grapevine ... Pan be dead .... bad timing . princess ti and she delegation stand . she break a spear in half with she bare hand and hurl it to the ground . princess TI no Pan . no truce . we catch you in we territory - - we rip out you heart . princess ti lead she delegation disappear silently into the forest . rufio wait until they be out of sight ~ - then -- rufio whoa --c be back , skin . yo wanna fight ? ace hold rufio back , who be not about to fight . lose boy sit in total defeat . ziggy try to comfort tink . she 's a emotional mese cry she eye out . tink I do this to he . I haul he cookie back here . now ...he 's go ... ziggy ida 's okay , tink . nobody blame you . I jusd wish I have be nicer to ’im when I mo / im . rufio fightin 's hook be always a stupid idea . bildin 's this boat be a stupid idea . ( spit on the hull ) waitin 's for du great Peter Pan to lead we be a stupid idea . ziggy whuddaboud Peter 's kid ? in 3 dayze , hooky 's . gonna kill 'en . nu 06/21/90 60 ace we have to save they . they can live here -- with we . and the other -- the galley slave ? Pan or no Pan , I say we attack . rufio bat ace about the head . rufio you crazy , dumb , mon ? yo wanna to git usselve kill ? tink blur right up to rufio 's face , turn volcanic red , cursing he in faerie-speak . we do not need a translation . rufio get oudda my face faerie - - ( whipping out he knife ) tink I ’m saying you 're right ! rufio double - take tink . he do not believe he ear . tink rufio 's right . without the Indians -- we do not have a chance against hook . princess ti will only follow the one true Peter Pan ... everybody let down . dejected sigh . peter ( 0.c. ) hulloooo ! all head turn -- ext . kidd cove - sunset a amazing sight . like a float in the Rose parade by maxfield parrish . a raft of giant clam shell , adorn with mermaids -- tropical flower -- tow by a team of dolphin . the raft ~- closer peter ! stand at the helm flanke by una , babs and angelika . hand on he hip in familiar pose . still 35 -- but a more youthful aura about he . his clothes have slowly change to a polo / Robinson crusoe look . Ziggy lead the boy down the beach to meet hin . ziggy id 's peder ! he come back . 06/21/90 61 Peter jump ashore and wave goodbye . dolphin pull the raft away . mermaids wave , chatter they sea sound --~ angelika / una / bab Goodbye Peter -- we love you , Peter ! the boy surround he , genuinely glad to see he . tink can not fight it , she flit to he and peck he cheek with she little faerie lip turn all shade of the rainbow . Peter touch the spot , embarass . tink oh , Peter - - you be alive . I be so --- ( catch herself , she huff up ) what be you do with the aquatic bimbos .... peter they save I , tink . tink ( incredibly jealous ) I / will just bet . do you tell they you be marry ? hmm ? do you ? huh ? forget ‘to mention you kid ? uh-hunh . peter tink -- will you listen ? they save I . that 's all ---- a hunt horn bleat 0.c.. everyone cringe . the boy part . ziggy appear from he hut , blow he ram 's horn , drag a long sword behind . ziggy I find it ! look ! id 's yours . Ziggy hoist the blade reverently to he . Peter hold it awkwardly -- turn it , weigh it , a kid with a new toy . : rufio who give a sheet , mon ? whot can you do with grandpa in 3 day ? who youse gonna call ? rufio cackle , grab he crotch , jock style at Peter . peter ( vow ) I / x11 do anything to save my kid . if I have to fly -- I / 1l fly . if I have to fight -- I / 1l fight ! 06/21/90 62 boy cheer , beat they weapon , howling , dance around Peter and tink . Peter dramatically jerk the heavy sword from the sheath -- the sheath go fly -- nearly hit rufio , razzing on the sloop . . CUT to : int . hook 's great cabin - night : hook sit alone at the table head , completely depressed . hook my life ... be over ..... smee tend try to cheer the Captain up with a lavishly spread dinner . Fine linen . sparkle crystal . solid gold cutlery . cuisine fit for a 4 - star King . smee tuck he napkin in for he , decant the wine -- he prop a golden fork in hook 's hand and fasten a knife to he hook . . hook why do I listen to that scheme pixie ? Pan 's not come back . she can not change he in 3 day or 3 decade . there 's not go to be ( big sigh of self pity ) cheated from my own destiny by a ..... chicken . smee aye , cap 'o , " chicken " . " coq au vin " . just like you mum make it . . hook regards the steaming bird before he . with courtly manners , he splay the dress drumleg , rip off the little booty -- and bury he hook deep in it 's groin -- gouging and rip and disembowel the carcass with a vengeance until nothing be leave but .... grease ... hook my mum send I to board School . ( a little sigh ) +.. the bitch .... smee eye cecco , the handsome italian , stand guard with juke . Big trouble . they back slowly away seek cover . hook do you know what I hate , smee -- I mean really hate ? -- I really hate look forward to something -- the plan -- as 06/21/90 63 hook rearrange the table -- hook ( continue ) -- the anticipation -- ( blink he eye in anticipation ) the excitement -- ( big wide gasp - - eye wide ) he explode rake the table with he claw -- hook -- just to be disappointed ! I hate be disappointed ! I hate never land ! and I hate peter pannnn ! hook grab a diamond studd dueling pistol from he sash -- hook my life be overrrrr ! -- and shove the barrel in he mouth . smee cap / nnn ! hook pull the trigger . smee lunge , jam he pointy finger in the hammerlock as it snap shut . smee yell . hook yell -- pry smee 's finger lose - - he jam the barrel on he nose . smee grab the gun with he hand . hook and smee wave the gun around the great cabin - - hook I just want to ... dieeee ! smee that 's not the answer , cap and ! cecco and jike can not escape the line of fire . every place they bob and weave and crash and hide , hook find then . hook and smee pancake the table . food fly . the gun fire ! the cook wheeling in the dessert cart drop dead in a pile of pastry . a gape bullet hole in he heart -- hook ( even more suicidal ) look what you have make I do ! who 's go to make I creme broule 's now ? I can not go on like this . no dessert !? ( shove another pistol in he mouth ) 06/21/90 64 smee ( sincere , devote ) aww , now -- what kind of world would it be without Captain hook ? aye ? deeply move , hook pull the gun from he mouth -- ponder the question before hin . hook good form , smee . what would the world be without capt . hook ? the eternal question . he clutches smee in a endear hug -- unaware he 's claw smee 's back . suddenly paranoid , listen , he release smee -- who 's in severe pain . hook what 's that tick ? he slashes he drape with he sword -- slice cecco - - hook where be it ? tick-tick-tick . there ! over here ! hah ! make it stop ! smeee ! hook crawl on hand and knee frantic , look under the table . he 's up inspect the food , run he sword out a series of porthole , slashing he chaise -- smee there be no tick , cap 'o . you kilt that croc year ago . we throw all the clock overboard -- remember ? hook grab a hour glass -- listen to see if it 's tick . he smashes it . " hook " smee under the collar , he lift the bulbous man in the air . hook ( ever so polite ) be you say -- there be no tick in this room ? hmmm ? that I be , shall we say , mentally unstable because I hear tick and you do not ? be that you gist , Mr. smee ? smee motion frantically to cecco -- who be sit on the floor near faint from he sword wound . hook do you know what I really hate ? ( put the gun to smee 's head ) people who don ’t hear ticking when I hear ticking . it tick I offfff ! ~ ) _ a 06/21/90 65 smee tick he hand back and forth at juke . finally -- juke / cecco " tick-tock-tick-tock-tick-tock " hook abruptly drop smee --listen as if hearing angel . hook . there ... see ? " tick " . smee ( pour he a drink ) cap 'o , I think you . need a little somethin’ to take yer mind off this Pan business . let 's go ashore 'o kill some Indians . you hate Indians , too . hook ( whining like a spoiled kid ) we always kill Indians . I do not want to kill Indians . I want to kill Pan . hook curl up in a fetal ball on the baywindow seat . smee do not torture yersef , cap 'o . y xca not let the man see you this way . hook ( curling in a tighter ball ) I do not care . it 's all I have be live for . this little boy of youth and joy -- all goody and sweet . and I , jas. hook -- I would gut the conceit pest like a pig and feed he ado.escent entrail to the bilge rat . ( punctuate with mime sword ) what fun .... ( he well up ) what 's the use ? what 's the point ? he 's take all the joy out of it . he 's not worth kill . Pan 's do it again ... Peter the schlub beat I . why can not I win just once ? be that too much to ask ? smee lookit the bright side , capn’ , if ’in Pan do not show - - you still git to deep 6 he ruddy rotten curtain crawler . 06/21/90 : 66 hook ( brighten then delfate , morose ) kill Pan 's kid ? -- that would be .... '' bad form " . but a deal be a deal . and jas . hook be a man of he word . . smee cap / n-- there be another way . you do not have to kill ’em - - ef 'en they sign the blood oath and join you crew -- hook think about it . devious . but " nayyyyyy " . smee wait --better . yes , a thousand time blacker -- make the little moron love you -- hook it 's Pan they love . even you , smee , be lovable . no little child love I . crushed with rejection , hook grab he second pistol and shove it in he mouth again . smee pull it out -- smee that 's the point , cap 'o ! the ultimate revenge ! Pan 's kid in love with hook ! the ultimate " pay back " , cap / 'o . hook relax he trigger finger , pique . smee can you ' magine the look on Peter 's puss when he face you and he kid stand right beside you ! ready to fight for the sleaziest sleaze of the seas .... cap 'o hook ! hook ( catch up ) . I like it . it have a certain symmetry . smee you have make a fine father , cap 'o , if I do say so , mesef . we be horrify . hook be horrify . then intrigue . then enamor . hook begin to laugh at the notion , almost giddy . escalate to hysterical . smee join in . then cecco and juke roaring with uncontrollable laughter . hook " Captain hook - - and family ! " " the family hook ! " Captain hook -- family man ! " 06/21/90 67 tight on captain hook he subside . a serene smile on he face . hook the hook ... a family ... to love ... hook suck slowly on the barrel like nursing mum 's breast . CUT to : int . ship 's hold - night - tight on chain rat follow the chain across barefeet . maggie and Jack huddle , chain to they oar . she scream . Jack kick at the ugly thing . a hand snatch a big Rat on maggie 's leg . the young slave chain next to she dangle the squealing vermin by it 's tail . he smile , show he rotty tooth . young . slave the big one always go for the freshy like youse two . maggie bury she head against Jack . maggie I want to see mommy . daddy will not forget we --- will he ? jack what 's the difference . we be on we own , squirt . young slave I be in in this scumhole 20 year . do not remember what a " daddy " or " mommy " be . yu / will fogit , too . ¥fogit everthing . the kid can not be more than 12 . he wham the rat by the tail against the floor until it 's dead . he offer it . young slave you can have firsty . maggie gag . Jack hold she close try to make it go away . it will not . fade out : '' 06/21/90 68 fade in : int . treehouse - morning ~- tight on peter sleep . a Ram 's horn enter frame next to he ear . baroomph ! Ziggy blow hard . Peter jerk awake , bonk he head on tink 's little house hang above . ziggy move it ! you get 2 minute ! go ! go ! Ziggy drop down a rope-slide 30 foot to the ground . tink emerge from she little house , stretch , yawn from a bad night . her hair look like the bride of frankenstein . no sparkle . eye bloodshot . Peter look askance . he 's never see she like this before . tink ( major morning grouch ) what be you look at . you do not look so hot in the morning either . cuT to : ext . lost boy camp - morning lose boy load a giant slingbow onto the avenger . lot of activity can be see all over the ship . ziggy Marches back and forth drag Peter 's long sword in the dirt , trip at each about-face . Peter sit on a log try to take the little guy seriously . . ziggy Thu only way tu be a kid be to akt like uh kid . thad takez a lod of un - discipline -- ton of not follow order .... and no nap ! , ace go play in the quicksand , Zig . ace shove Ziggy out of the way . ziggy hey , scuzz , I be run this part . ace who make you God ? beat it , porklip . oo 06/21/90 69 ziggy you wanna make I , zitface ?! the two boy rip into each other kick and punch . peter hey ! cut it out ! hey ! -- pull ace off Ziggy . Ziggy take the opportunity to kick ace repeatedly . peter do you hear I !? cut it out or you be go to get in big trouble ! ace and Ziggy stop immediately ~ - copping attitude . ziggy wur goin 's to " ged in big trubull " ? ace that 's : adult talk , Peter . cut it if you wanna be a kid again . peter we have only get 2 day ! you be waste time . what be I suppose to say ? ziggy whend you / be mad at some scug , you say , " go suck a dead dog 's nose " Peter , shake " no way " - - " get serious " . they wait . peter ( monotone ) okay , " go suck a dead dog 's nose " that 's disgusting . ace mean it ! peter go suck a dead dog 's nose !! " ace / ziggy louderrr ! peter ( start to get angry ) go suck a dead dog 's nose ! ziggy that 's better . sharp CUT to : 06/21/90 70 peter & ace ~ later - arguing face to face ace in yo face , camel cake ! peter I know you be but what be I ? Ziggy whistle , urging Peter on , whisper hint between phrase . ace scum gum ! dirtbag ! slimeball ! peter I know you be but what be I ? ace buttface ! butthead ! Peter wave Ziggy off try one on he own . peter paramecium brain ! silence . ace and Ziggy look at each other . " what ? " ziggy whudz uh pear-uh-mezium ? peter ( timid , unsure of the rule ) «+ea one cell animal with no brain ? Peter wait hope for approval . ace and Zig grin . ace / ziggy yeah ! awright ! yeah ! ext . camp - later lost boy load large rock onboard the ship . by the treehouse rufio ready '' engarde " with Peter 's sword . rufio I be only doin’ this one time -- watch . ace and Ziggy hurl continuous coconut at he . in a blur , rufio slice and crack each coconut skewer the last on the tip of the blade -- chugge the fresh milk . ! 06/21/90 71 Peter , overwhelm , look at tink , now she feisty beautiful self , watch from underneath a sunflower umbrella , do she toe . she 's all smile . " piece of cake " . rufio you turn , grandpa . rufio hold out the sword . Peter reach for it . rufio drop it in the dirt , pass by tink who sneer at he . Peter hold the heavy sword in both hand . nervous . rufio juggle 3 coconut pitching they at he . Peter do not even get close with the sword . 3 direct hit to he head . bonk . bink . kerplopada . tink hang she little head . Long day . rufio gloat . ace and Ziggy fold they arm and shake they head . clear throat . one release of flatulence . . CUT to : ext . bluff - afternoon tink pace in mid-air , all business . tink it 's just like swim . you just have to jump in and remember . right ? Peter stand on a mound overlook the Camp and cove . nervous , nodd , shaking out he arm . peter swim . okay . get itr ziggy , ace and the other boy wait at the other end of the clear . ace have a " spyglass " for tracking . high in he tree - rufio watch reclining on he hammock . tink go over a little " pre-flight " checklist : tink ( mark list ) pixie dust ? Peter grab she wing shaking glow dust all over he . peter check . 06/21/90 72 tink happy think ? Peter . blank look . then a lecherous grin . he close he eye and run -- flap he arm -- . peter angelika ! una ! b-b- babs ! oo - oo-ahh -- peter leap and crash to the ground -- right in front of the lose boy . they laugh and jeer . Ziggy mark Peter 's landing with a " x " in the dirt -- ziggy ( try to stay positive ) altitude - - 2 foot . distance - - 2 foot . rufio hoot hysterical heaving he half - eat mango . rufio he fly like uh fatto elephant ! peter roll over just as the juicy pit splat he . tink ( hover over he ) think as a child -- not a sex - maniac . peter & tink - second attempt he glow with pixie dust . tink try " Christmas " . close he eye , he start to run , flap again . peter Christmas--christmas--snow--presents . ( euphoria disentegrate ) bill .. bill I can not pay -- ccredit card -- with sharp pointy tooth -- he crash hard , skid into a bamboo water flume -- collapse the entire structure -- drench himself . tink pace , disgust . tink " Christmas " always work . you be such a-- a - - " grownup " . speak like the worst expletive . rufio cackle in the b.g . CUT to : black 06/21/90 73 int . ship 's hold - darkness the hatch open . Light stream down on Jack and maggie . slave shrink back , blind by the light . hook appear , block the light . charm smile . hook time for school . int . hook 's great cabin - day hook , the ultimate teacher 's nightmare , be hold class . he write in elegant hand on a chalk board . why parent hate there child hook now pay attention , " class " -- Jack and maggie sit ill at ease at hook 's ornate desk , with quill and ink and paper . maggie where 's my daddy ? my mommy do not hate I -- you mean stinky old man . . hook smile , trace he claw down she cheek . hook be that any way to address you teacher . you do not want to bring down the grade curve for the rest , oz the class , do you . hmmmm ? | Jack pull maggie to he , motion she to be quiet . hook . a wise young man . if you do not fail the exam - - you do not . he smashes he ruler down hard on the desk , startling both child . hook first question . what do parent really mean when they say " I love you " ? maggie raise she hand , begging to be call on . maggie I know -- I know -- 06/21/90 74 Jack want no part of this , pull maggie 's hand down . she insist . hook scan the room as if it be full . hook ( point to maggie ) the cute little urchin in the front row . maggie they mean we make they really really really really happy all the time . hook ( slamm he ruler ) wrong ! maggie recoil , near tear . Jack be rivete . hook mommy and daddy love you only when you do what they tell you -- Jack squirm uneasy . this be scary . hook " wake up " , " get dress " , " brush you will tooth " , " do not get cavity " , " do not make bad grade " , " clean you room " , " eat you breakfast " , " do not forget you lunch " , " do not eat sweet " , " do not eat junk between meal " , " do you home - work " , " do not pick on you sister " , " do not pick you nose " , " do not watch tv " , " turn the music down " , " sit up straight " , '' use you napkin " , " do not talk with you mouth full " , " say please and thank you " , " do not talk back " , " go to bed right now " , " do not cross the street " , " do not talk to stranger " " turn that light out this instant " " do not do this ~- do not do that " , " do not have fun " , " do not even breathe " and don ’t play near OPEN window ! maggie be cry by the end of hook 's tyrade . hook lean , daub she eye . he smile politely right in Jack 's face . hook Ring a bell .... Jack ? - he gesture like a symphony conductor . smee appear with a. i '' tiny " triangle " and ting it . " tingggggg " . Jack nod ever ul so shakey . — . 06/21/90 75 hook and now -- the dread " pop quiz " . hook flip the chalk board over , read the one lone question aloud . - hook " do my parent love I ?... a , yes .... B , no .... " ( pass out paper ) remember , you future depend on it . you may begin . hook turn over a large hourglass . maggie instantly mark she test paper " a " and turn it over . she look to Jack -- he 's vapor lock , stare at he paper , completely stump . sweating , ringing he hand in anguish . maggie elbow he hard . " Jack ....? " hook be delighted with the progress . , cuut to : ext . lost boy camp ~ evening - eat to the beat montage a log table . food pile high . Peter sit between ace and Zig . he have a black eye , a head bandage , bruise , aches and pain . the lose boy dig in -- eat with they hand . belch . talk with they mouth full . Peter pick up he knife and fork . everybody stare . peter what ? ace we do not use 'en . ace grab Peter 's cutlery and hurl they away . peter ( adult logic ) if you do not use they -- then why be they here ? ziggy ( child logic ) so we do n’d have to use 'en . ace jam Peter 's hand in he food . Peter eat . it 's messy . 06/21/90 76 Ziggy show he how to wipe he hand on he shirt and he mouth on the back of he sleeve like a third base coach give the " hit and run " . Peter try it . a tentative wipe . the boy cheer . tink applaud from she seat at the head of the roast pig in the center of the table . peter please pass the -- ace ( whip out he broadsword ) you say the " p " word . peter okay , okay -- ace not " okay , okay - - " ( stuff food in he mouth ) okaf okaf ... peter ( stuff food in he mouth ) okaf .. okaka ... Ziggy open he mouth show Peter he chew food . so do the other , show the disgusting content . Peter gut it up , open he show they back . ace let out the world 's longest belch . Ziggy start the cacaphony of belches around the table . Long , . short , juicy , terminal . all eye turn to Peter . Peter suck in and suck in -- a little belch escape ... the boy react like he split the first atom . tink laugh so hard she fall off the roast pig . ccut to : int . treehouse - night zig blam peter right in the snotlocker with he pillow . Peter stagger back , swinging he pillow wildly . feather fly . lose boy rain blow on Peter in a major pillow war . tink watch he from she little apartment up in the ceiling . Peter be have a ball . she be elate . 06/21/90 77 ace and Zig hold Peter down , tickle he . other pile on . he laugh uncontrollably . peter stop it -- enough !--hey !--stop it ! Peter grab Zig , shove he away with he foot . he stand -- chastise the boy . a adult again . peter be you deaf ? do not you hear what I say ? stop ! the boy stare at he dumbfounded . tink be crush . Peter know he blow it . instant remorse . he storm out . CUT to : ext . treehouse - night Peter lean against a deck limb , stare out at the cove . all 3 neverland moon shine full in different color . tink light beside he . they sit in silence . tink you sure know how to kill a party . peter I can not do it , tink .... tink you have get to . find one pure innocent '' happy think " and hold on to it ... what use to make you happy be what make you fly . peter what if I can not ? my kid will ... die . he trail off in grim silence . tink , soften for the first time in she faerie life , take he hand in she tiny one and squeeze it tight . ; tink think happy thought , Peter . fade slowly to black : fade in : the mouth of " long tom " cannon =- day it kaboom belching fire and smoke right at we . 06/21/90 78 ext . beach - day - continuing action i a giant palm tree take a direct hit , explode into toothpick . coconut disentegrate . ext . hook 's ship - quarter deck - continuing action hook langor in he lounge chair under a open caravan tent pitch on the deck . the " Long Tom " cannon smoking on one side of he , a lavish spread of food on the other . slave boy reload " Long Tom " . jack and maggie appear from the hold escort by juke . they react to the bright sun like little vampire . smee bound up and bow low . smee | and ‘ow would you like to see a real live mermaid , miss maggie ? . maggie I do not like you . my mommy show I where to kick mean man like you and run . smee guard himself take she firmly by the shoulder . he escort she away . Jack do not like it . hook ( 0c ) Jack -- my boy . hook beckon from he tent lighting he twin cigar , boot propped on the cannon . jack where 's he take my sister ? hook come aboard . come aboard . we 'il discuss it , like ... " Men " . breathe that sea air . ( breathes deep , exalting ) hungry ? have some breakfast . I be try out a new chef . I be very interested in you opinion . Jack gape at the huge spread of nothing but dessert . hook I recommend the napoleon . fabulous . chocolate eclair . bavarian creme -- 06/21/90 . 80 push in on jack : torn . he shake he head reluctantly " no " . hook ( pat the cannon fondly ) " Long Tom " 's just a big toy , Jack . the truth be know , I be just a big kid at heart ... I just have bigger toy . and like all - child ... I have a natural bear talent for .. destruction . he touch off the cannon again . it roar ! ext . pirate town - continuing action a direct hit on a building . raining brick and timber everywhere . resume : hook place he arm around Jack 's shoulder , admire he ain . hook the best part -- nobody be go to make you clean up the mess . jack ( back away , resisting ) I be not allow to play with gun . hook not allow ? not allowed ? who say ? sound like some adult who do not trust you . a daddy who break promise . someone who say they love you ... but be never there when you need they most ..... hook have push the button on Jack 's pent up anger . hook now if I be 10 or 11 , and someone give I a cannon to play with --- well .... who know ... hook hand Jack a light cigar , bow and leave . Jack stare at the cigar - - he take a taboo drag -- feel he power . follow hook up the stair to he great cabin . kaboom ! the cannon roar in the f.g. hook stop , savore the moment . he do a little " bojangle " tap up the step and enter he cabin . hook ( vo ) good form . o 06/21/90 81 ext . lost boy camp - day 2 peter set " en garde " . he 's ready . he blur through a series of parry , slashes and thrust . wow ! ace and Ziggy give the " thumb up " to tink . ziggy look good . rufio . wind up , indicate " curve ball " . he deliver . peter cut a swathe- - miss . the coconut knock he to the ground . face fall . - ziggy pitch a coconut underhanded to Peter . he swing ! he miss ! the sword go sailing -- tink duck ! the sword just miss she . she curse in faerie-speak , kick over she umbrella . CUT to : ext . bluff - afternoon the lose boy line the ridge , hold they collective breath . tink bristle check over Peter 's flight list . ° tink . you be go to fly today even if I have to beat a " happy think " into you . from the top . " birthdays " . Peter , exhaust and batter , grimace . " again " ? peter birthdays ... close he eye , he start to run flap again . : peter present ! yes ! more present ! he jump get airborne - - foot pedale air . up! up ! this be it ! yes ! peter ( continue ) another year older . get older -- Dead ! dying ! I hate birthdays ... he stall ! he drop like a rock --a perfect full layout splat into the bog below . 06/21/90 79 jack I be not suppose to eat sweet before breakfast . hook this be breakfast , Jack . ( hold one in Jack 's face ) besides ... who 's go to stop you ? Jack 's starve . he woof down a eclair -- devour a napoleon . hook smile , turn back to the view . Jack hesitates . he reach out -- take hook 's sword hang on the chair - - he lunge -- chopping at hook 's black mane -- hook 's right arm blur --clang !-- block the blow against he gleaming hook without even look . he wrench the blade away from Jack . hook ( long sardonic smile ) Jack .. Jack ... Jack ... fine name , " Jack " . how about " Red - Jack " ? have a ring to it -- ( ring a goblet with he hook ) smoke ? open he humidor -- puffing perfect smoke ring . jack ( why do not hook kill I ? ) I do not smoke . hook good form . show strength of charac - ter . I have none of course . there be some advantage tu this disgusting habit that balance the danger --- he languidly droops he twin cigar ash over the fire port on Long Tom . the fuse hiss . the cannon fire belching fire and smoke between they . Jack cover he ear ducking away . ext . coastline - continuing action a beautiful rock formation explode . Sand and water erupt . mermaid sun dive into the water seek cover . resume : hook hook ( sadistic laugh ) try you luck ? hit the target -- win a prize . | . 06/21/90 82 rufio turn lead the lose boy away one by one . only Ziggy remain on the ridge with tink . with peter - in the bog he get up , slinging mud . peter that 's it ! I quit ! Ziggy and tink rush up . peter I can not think like a kid -- I can not act like a kid because I be not a kid . he push by railing at everything and everyone . peter I can not fight and I can ’t fly ! tootles be right . you grow up , you stop believe , you find out life suck -- and then you die . ( grim silence , he subside ) we will just have to find some other way ... to get maggie and Jack ... tink there be no other way , Peter ! tink stew in one direction . Peter in another . he trip over a log right in the mud . Ziggy help he up . they sit on the log . Peter brood . Ziggy remove a leather pouch from around he neck , weigh it like precious gen . ziggy peder , I ’membur toodle . he wuz one of we . lookit . theez be he marbul . theez be he happy thoughd . he lefa they behind . they dond work for I ... maybe they wull fur you .... he dump the marble in Peter 's hand . non-descript . peter they be just marble , Ziggy . ziggy wull , whad happen to toodle ? tink light on Peter 's hand , check out the marble like a diamond merchant . o 06/21/90 83 tink Wendy take he back with the other -- to grow up and go to school -- and go to a office -- and be a gentleman . peter " poor. kind tootles . " he do not make a very good grow -up . ziggy ( welling up ) toodle god old ? heez gonna die ? don’d lead toodle die . give he back theez . ' it hit tink . stare at she distort reflection in a big cat 's Eye marble . tink Ziggy -- you have get to do this . get the boy and go to princess ti. beg a truce . ziggy whad ? she 'il barbecue we budd . tink tell she the one true Pan be come . trust I . c’mon , Peter ! hurry ! she blur away leave Peter and Ziggy at a loss -- ziggy beddur do whad she sez . she gedz like this sometimes . I guess I / 11 never understand pixie . Zig waddle off in the other direction . peter tink ! where be you go ? Peter limp after she - - all aches and pain . CUT to : ext . dense silvery wood - late afternoon the sun 's ray barely penetrate the dense forest . Peter climb over a huge fell tree . tink 's aura twinkle ahead . peter slow down tink !.... ( bang he shin ) I / 11 kill she . I swear I will . ( stop in awe at the sight ahead ) 06/21/90 84 pan up the giant " never tree " a sprawling ancient sentinel . burn and char , but refuse to fall . limb , trunk and branch twist and turn 100 foot into the sunset sky . . peter I know this place .... Peter approach the monument . drawn to it by a powerful force . he trace the char bark reverently with he hand . a stray ray of sunlight illuminate the trunk before hin . something be carve on it . he brushes away the soot and ash with building anticipation -- letter take shape in the trunk . name . carve like ancient rhune --- Peter rejoice with each revelation ! tootles peter " tootles " ... curly slightly nibs JOHN michael wendy peter " Wendy " ... I be home , Wendy , I be ...home . trace she name -- with manly tear of lose youth and day that will never be again . . the light on the carving grow and spread . Peter look up shading he eye from the glare . he Pov - the giant tree fill with a 1,000 beam of intense twinkle light descend toward he . the air alive with chime voice . faeries and pixie and 's nymph and sylphs of all age and species descend to he -- buzzing in close for a good look , then darting away -- speak they singsong language . tink light on he outstretch hand . she be regal . wearing a magnificent crown and flow gown fit for a queen . she bow low with all the poise of a great ruler . Peter , compel , bow he head in return . peter tink .... you be .... beautiful . 06/21/90 85 tink ( blush ) oh puhleeze . do you like the dress ? she do a full turn . Peter nod like a big kid -- the grow man part can not take he eye off she . ° tink this be my kind , Peter . I be they Queen . they come to help .... faery whizz and buzz about he . a little one pull he hair . another plop on he nose size he up . Peter chuckle , make face , completely at ease and enchant . peter help I ? faeries pull and tug he like a big puppet into the trunk of the giant tree . the entire tree glow from within . int . underground hideout - limbo Peter descend in a rickety wicker basket contraption into a black void . faeries stream down from above follow tink lighting up a cavernous room . reveal : the fame secret underground hideout where Wendy play mother to Peter and the lose boy . a huge - walkin fireplace dominate one end of the vast room . the remain of bed the other . a smashed rock chair . everything be char from a great fire . mushroom abound . Peter be stunne , elate and sadden as he touch down . tink do you know where you be ? . peter ( nodd sadly ) what ... happen ? tink hook burn it when you do not come back . Peter sadly rummages the ruin of a kid-size red playhouse . it 's burn and chop to piece . peter ' Wendy 's house . tootles and nib build it for she . I remember . I remember . 06/21/90 86 emotion and memory flood in . in the fireplace , he discover he " Pan " flute . he savor it , attempt a few note . he get mouth full of soot . . peter I need music lesson too , tink . he pitch the flute , angry remorse . he kick at catch he peter why do you bring I here ? there 's nothing here .... but ... sad thing . ( kick around ) this be not work , tink . let 's get out of here . tink there 's no place else to go , Peter . you be happy here once upon a time . peter it 's go . it 's all go . everything . the char remain of he youth . something attention . he pick up a teddy bear . charre . one eye miss . the truth ... peter " '' taddy " ... aw taddy . my " mother " put taddy in my pram ... to keep I company . tink what else ? tell I ... peter I remember my mother - - and my Father look down at I -- talk about how I would grow up , and go to a fine school , and be smart and learn thing -- then go off to a office and be a impor - tant businessman . and then fall in love , get marry ... and raise a family ... and be happy ... tink be not that what all grown -up want for they child ? peter yeah ... it be ..... 06/21/90 87 Peter be overwhelm with the realization . peter but I be afraid . I run away from 2 people who love I -- because I do not want to grow up ..... and die . tink you be only ...human ... peter that 's what I have be try to tell you ... I never even tell they I love they ... Peter hit bottom . complete remorse . tink but you go back , Peter . you leave here and go back . what make you stop be afraid to grow up and ... die ? peter I don ’t know ! I can ’t remember ! break point . he hurl taddy into the void -- taddy rise turn in dream-like motion --faeries swarm around it , catch it . they float the bear slowly back toward Peter . tight on peter - watching the vision something snap inside he . a memory . he reach up . taddy land gently into he outstretch hand -- tink move in tink what , Peter ? what be it ? tight on peter - he blink : a life flash - 1902 a perfect blue sky . the infant , peter rise into the air . completely free . no fear . his little belly rumbling the laughter of innocence and mirth that can only happen before you know something be wrong with the world -- peter ( v.0 . ) I be ..... fly .... Peter the infant descend , big giggle grin , little arm flap --a woman 's arm reach up= -catch he . Peter 's beautiful mother nuzzle he -- all loving -- '' 06/21/90 88 resume : peter peter mother .... catch I . she 's soft ... back to : life flash - 1902 mother pitch Peter into the air again . he rise toward we flap and giggle -- higher - - reach to the bird above he . he peak , laugh , and turn , slowly descend -- peter ( v.0 . ) fly I , taddy ! fly I --- a man 's arm reach up . Peter descend toward a handsome smile young man -- " daddy " ! peter ( v.0 . ) --- taddy ? no ...daddy ! fly I -- daddy -- he float into he daddy 's arm who rub he nose with he and vault he back into the sky . peter ( v.0 . ) I --- love ---you .... . tight on peter tear of joy stream from he close eye . peter I have my happy think . I know why I go back . I know .... the lifeflash change arm reach up to catch maggie . it 's moira ! arm reach up to catch Jack . it 's Peter ! tight on peter he open he eye -- disorient -- clutching he bear . peter tink ! I know --whoaaaa ! he look down . he 's sit cross -legge 15 foot above the cavern floor ! faery buzz about tinkling and chime . he drop . tink zoom up beside he . tink -- hold that thought -- ~ as , 06/21/90 89 he reach for she -- automatically fly in she direction . peter tinkkkkk ! I can flyyyy ! Peter bounce off the cavern wall , rappelling at tink . tink ---follow I ! tink spiral toward the ceiling . Peter punch he hand " up " and ascend . faery swirl about he like bubbles . ext . never tree - high angle - looking down - sunset tink climb toward we lace she glow web . peter ascend behind she , crow -- that 's right -- giggle like the child he be , full and free . whoop and shouting with the rush of flight ! faeries peel off in busby berkley precision and collect on the giant tree -- chime and wave " good bye " CUT to : ext . neverland ~ aerial view - sunset tink burst through a pink cloud and stop . peter follows . tink ambush he . blow a raspberry and fan she ear . he dodge tumble into a cloud bank . peter how do I stop ! tink ( tapping she temple ) it 's all in the mind , ya now ! Peter think . he stop . wow . tink blur up to he . peter & tink - hovering stare at the neverland sunset . tink you do it . you find you happy think . it 's yours forever , Peter . _ no one can take it away . tink ( see he tear ) why be you cry ? 06/21/90 90 peter ( wiping he eye , embarass ) I do not know -- I be just think . I just wish --- he look at tink , try to find the word . tink you can wish , Peter . whatever you want . peter ( break the moment ) would you look at that unbelievable sunset ! I know what my kid mean now when they say , " awesome , dudeeee ! " _ he push off speed toward the huge ball of orange . peter it be like swim ! watch this ! with peter - flying he stall like a highdiver do a " die swan " . he dive , make sound like a airplane -- just like a kid . tink dive with he . both scream toward the ocean . ext . ocean - low level Peter and tink dive at we . Peter do he airplane noise . peter you be too low . pull out ! pull out ! ( do John Wayne ) easy , pilgrim , the force be with we . he level off skim the surface . shark fin knife the water ahead . peter ( do " jaw " ) doot-dah-doot~dah-doot-dah -- he zoom by fapping shark fin with a forehand - - a backhand . he signal a slamdunk - - " two ! " tink shriek , dodging a hungry shark . ext . ocean - flying Pov whale SOUND ahead . spume cascade of spray . peter & tink blow through it , exulting with pure ecstasy . 4 06/21/90 91 ext . mermaid lagoon ~ sunset Peter and tink bank across the sun and descend . hundred of flamingos rise up from the lagoon fill the sky . with peter & tink - flying surrounded by the magnificent bird . below - mermaid frolic angelika , una and babs leap with dolphin . the trio it 's Peter ! he find it ! hi , Peter ! he 's such a hunk . with peter - flying peter hullo , lady ! look at I ! I be fly ! he do a " Inside Loop " show off . tink speed up , light on he shoulder and cover he eye . peter I do not want this to end , tink . I do not want to ever come down . tink ( empathize ) save you strength , flyboy . you be go to need it . she steer he down over the island . peter hey~ - there 's the indian Camp . I can not wait to see the look on rufio 's face . he whoops and yahoo all the way down . tight on rufio - indian camp - night terrify . stake out for torture with Ziggy , ace , and the rest of the boy . Warrior chant they imminent death . princess TI stand before rufio , oile and paint for battle . she pet a deadly " Black adder " snake like a kitty . o 06/21/90 / 92 TI the great Pan be not come . you die . rufio princess ti , babe , itz not we . itzat dam faerie . itz all she fault . her and that scumball old Mon. truss I -- the snake hiss in he face . Ziggy hear it first . whooping and hooting above . he look up . he grin . ziggy look ! heez no " scumball " ! heez " peder Pan " ! all head look up -- peter - diving out of the night sky , scream the cavalry charge . he land hard right in front of ti slide in the dirt like he 's steal second . he jump up make the call complete . peter the umpire safe ! you be in there ! Indians back away in fear . Peter leap to rufio , pinching he cheek and check he tooth . peter rufio ! my mon . whadz happen ? he wink at Ziggy and dart to ti , bow low in mid-air . peter forgive I , princess ti , I be .... surround , yeah , by ... Pirates . there must have be ... a 100 . no. 200 ! we run out of pixie dust . I barely escape . you see -- nothing could keep I from you -- and this moment . let 's party . tink plop on a branch overlook the scene . exhausted . she marvel at the " Old Pan " back in rare form as Peter kiss ti 's hand . ti study Peter . she raise she " kiss " hand in the air . Warrior draw they bow and cock they spear . ti 's stone face suddenly melt into a girlish grin . with she hand , she pull Peter close for a torrid kiss . everybody cheer . Warrior free the lose boy . drum beat . on i , 06/21/90 93 tink let out a big sigh . happy for Peter , but hurt inside . she 's do she job . Peter be Pan again . sharp CUT to : ext . indian camp - later - night a major tribal celebration be in full sway . Warrior and lose boy jam with long cane flute , primitive stringe intrument and all kind of percussion gear . rufio watch from the sideline , chugge some drink from a huge gourd .. he 's get surly by the mouthful . at the war council ring Peter sit with ti. Ziggy and ace on he side , 2 huge Warrior on ti 's . Peter point with he sword around a . battle map draw in the sand . we see the island . Ziggy guide hook 's ship . ti motion . the Warrior push stick from they position to cut hook off . ace surprise hook with the Dark avenger amidship . Peter are a little Pan doll in a circular flight plan sneaking up behind . suddenly , sand kick in ruin the battle map . rufio kick stick and ship away with a vengeance . rufio so --it can fly -- but can it fight ? peter easy , rufio . save it for hook . rufio laugh . without warning , he wheel , hurl a coconut at Peter -- Peter duck . his hand instinctively blur with he sword skewering the coconut perfectly -- rufio glare in disbelief . so do peter. rufio madly hurl another and another -- Peter whirl -- parry and slice they cleanly in two . coconut piece land in front of Ziggy . he 's amaze . rufio let 's go for some " real " . -- draw he sword in one hand -- stiletto in the other . a > 06/21/90 94 ti back everyone up give they room . she dig the action . peter I do not want to fight you -- rufio attack . Peter 's hand instinctively block and counter every blow . rufio back off amaze . Peter shrug at Ziggy . " what " ? Zig shrug back , loving it . ziggy yur Pan , man . a natural . rufio attack while Peter be in a fog . Peter duck with a 6th sense , sweeping rufio to the dirt , blade at he throat . peter it 's just like riding a bike , rufe . rufio kill I , old mon . you win . peter ( lean on he blade ) the think do cross my mind . but I - need you , rufio . when I face hook , you better be there cover my butt . rufio hesitates , look at everybody around they . he realize what a complete butthead he 's be . rufio I ? r’ you talkin’ to I ? Peter remove he sword extend he hand . rufio take hold , pull himself up . rufio you truss I ? okay , cool . yur on , mon . Peter grin . rufio show all he gold tooth . they bearhug . the lose boy high - five rufio . all be forgiven . cut to : int . ship be hold - night noodler pound a spike fix maggie 's shackle fast toa beam . he lock she other manacle onto a oar . maggie where 's Jack ? where 's my brother ? noodler 's sadistic laugh echoe through the galley . cuut to : 06/21/90 95 int . hook 's great cabin - night Jack , spiff and clean , stand in front of a mirror . smee hand a Louis the 14th wide brimm plume hat to hook with great pomp and circumstance . hook place it atop Jack 's head , cock it just so . snap he finger , smee hand over a gentleman 's box . hook open it for Jack -- a brace of diamond encrusted dueling pistol Jack 's jaw drop at the sight . hook indicate " for you " . hook snap he finger again . Jack grin slow and wide -- a beautiful cabin girl pour Jack a tall chocolate : malt . her ample bosom fill he view as she lean in front of he topping it off with gob of whipped cream . hook place a straw in the concoction . hook welcome to neverland . Jack take a.long pull on the straw . this be great . cuT to : ext . ocean - dawn the first ray of morning sun sneak over the horizon . ext . lost boy camp - dawn - on the dark avenger the lose boy . be sprawle about the deck asleep . some still sport souvenir from the indian celebration . Ziggy snore up in the crow 's nest . tink be nowhere to be see . Peter , unable to sleep , watch the sun come up . he shiver with a spine chill . he gaze up at the treehouse . tink 's faerie aura flicker from the window . int . treehouse - peter enter . peter hullo ? tink ? I just want to . say -- thanks , you know -- for everything . quiet sobbing drift down from tink 's house . her glow be weak . he stand on tiptoe , peek in . '' U 06/21/90 96 int . tink 's room - peter in view a '' exquisite boudoir and bedroom combine " . tink be lie on she 4 poster , quietly sobbing . by the look of she , she 's be at it all night . : peter tink -- be you okay ? what 's wrong ? tink of course I be okay . nothing 's wrong . she roll away , sobbing harder and bigger tear . peter if nothing 's wrong , why all the tear ? tink because ... I be sad . peter what be you sad about ? look , I be my old self again . be not that you want ? she nod , blow she little nose . peter no matter how this turn out -- in / m not afraid anymore . you , tink -- you give I back something I have lose . I forget what it be like to be alive . I / 11 never forget this feel . ever . tink ( moribund ) great . I be so happy for you . peter well then -- nothing 's wrong . right ? she sit up face he , summoning she courage . tink everything 's wrong . if hook do not kill you today , you get you kid and go home -- where you belong . Peter turn away , speechless . he be not ready for this . peter I /ll ... come back . 06/21/90 97 tink no you will not . it / 1l be just like before . you 'il forget . this place will not mean anything anymore . neither will i. I / 11 never see you again . she run cry behind a tiny dress curtain . her silhouette shaking -- face bury in she tiny hand . peter wait --tink--i -- she scream in anguish . her light wink out behind he curtain . Peter panic . he check . she 's go ! peter tink !? wait .... tink 's aura glow strong on he back -- fill the entire treehouse room . Peter turn face a absolute vision . peter oh ... tink ... you be ... big ... the full - size tink stand before he tink it 's the only wish I ever make for myself . radiant in she gown , she let down long flow tresses cascade around she shoulder . he try to speak . tink cover he lip -- tink I love you Peter . I always have . let this be we one time together -- Peter slide he arm around she , lose in she eye , she hair , all that she be -- . tink then , even when we be apart .... «.. we will always have neverland .... yes ! yes ! they lip draw closer -- closer -- a cannon shot whine overhead . a explosion 0.c. rock the treehouse . the roof crash down . Peter cover tink . 06/21/90 98 peter 's Pov - through the window - the avenger another round explode in the cove . the lose boy be up and active . Ziggy point from the crow 's nest . ziggy hook !. he 's attack ! peter 's telescope Pov - hook 's ship oar churn . Pirates on the rigging unfurl sail . Long Tom fire again . the shot land dangerously close to the avenger . peter tink ! this be it ! he turn from the telescope mount at the window . his heart sink . they one passionate moment be go ~ -- forever . tink belt on she dagger , back to pixie size . her feisty self once again . tink what be you look at ? let 's go save you kid .... ( she blast he with pixie dust ) eat you heart out , flyboy . she fly out the window . Peter close he eye , lament the one who get away . he curse hook and fly after she . ext . tree house - continuing action a round scream overhead . the treehouse blows up ! CUT to : ext . hook 's ship - underway - dawn a kid-size capt . hook , complete with wide hat , long coat and sword , raise he hand beside the Long Tom cannon . it 's Jack !. he turn , smoking a cigar . even a eyepatch . jack FIRE ! he ignites the fuse port . Long Tom fire ! ext . island ~ high cliff - continuing action the round explode against the cliff cascade rock down onto the indian village below . 06/21/90 : 99 resume : ship hook lounge in he great chair check Jack 's destruction with opera glass . he laugh with sadistic delight . hook ah , the Indians be awake . good form ... " Son " . I believe you have get it . a slave boy beat a drum roll . smee spiel through a megaphone , do " color " . . smee good mawnin’ neverland ! it 's a perfect day for the never war. Captain James hook 's Crew be fit and ready for blood . along the gunwale - tracking Pirates ready for battle . load cannon , sharpen sword , adjust they eyepatch -- smee -- the force of pan--accord to latest scout report -- do not have a snow ball 's chance in hell of a win . so--let the war begin ! cheer go up from the Pirates . drive to animal frenzy by the long await " urge to kill " . jack parade on the quarterdeck , " hook style " . jack this be more fun than ninetendo . ( raise he spyglass ) Range 500 yard .... elevation ... on my command . FIRE ! Pirates reload and duck . the ramrod still in the barrel . Jack hit the fuse . boom ! the ramrod sail through the air . hook cheer . ext . indian camp - continuing action princess TI stand in the lead War canoe . more warrior launch outrigger in the b.g . the cannon shot scream overhead . water explode beside she . she do not blink , fasten she leather helmet . CUT to : 06/21/90 100 ext . dark avenger - continuing action lose boy hammer launch block . rufio hack the moor rope . tink fly to Ziggy in the crow 's nest . ; ziggy they be round the point ! Peter fly by hack the other moor rope clean . : peter take command , rufe . go for he sail first . I be count on you . rufio you get it , mon . I mean , " cap 'o Pan " . rufio swing aboard on he line , pump up . ace salute from the deck with the other boy . Peter salute back . ziggy Don have ged kill , " parameezeum braid . " tink & peter - hovering peter ( fondly ) get outta here , " scum face " ! the Dark avenger slide into the water with a big splash . lose boy cheer on deck . Ziggy unfurl they flag --a hook in a red circle with the " no " slash through it ! " no hook " ! Peter exult . he climb with tink and speed toward hook 's ship in the distance . CUT to : ext . hook 's ship - crow 's nest - dawn lookout pirate ( point ) skin ! Dead ahead ! ext . water - dawn ti lead 7 War canoe toward hook 's ship . resume : ship - hook & jack _ hook ( opera glass up ) oh , goody . " skin " . live target at last Jack . lucky for you . ty a 06/21/90 101 Jack stare at the approach Indians in shock . " live ? " hook come about , Mr. smee . engage . smee spin the wheel . the mighty ship come about . smee ( on megaphone ) and we pick up the pace here in this first round of action -- the slave boy beat he drum faster . pirate take AIM , pound they weapon hungry for a " kill " . int . galley - continuing action noodler crack he whip up one side of the slave and down the other . juke pound the row beat faster . juke pull -- you little vermin . pull yer bleedin’ gut out -- maggie , dirty and weak , be too short to row , be lift and dumped with each stroke . ext . ocean - dawn tink and Peter swing wide out to sea witha breathtaking view . they bank toward hook 's ship in the distance . ext . water - war canoe - dawn ti signal . Warrior loose a flight of arrow . many aflame . ext . hook 's ship - coming about . Jack hide behind Long Tom as arrow land everywhere . hook do not move , dare any shaft to hit he . he grab one in flight and blow out the flame . hook do you believe that skin ? shoot at we with they little bow and arrow . how primitive . Pirates drop from the rigging , stick with arrow . flamer hit the fo’scle . the canvas ignites . jack ( point at the flame ) FIRE ! S '' 06/21/90 102 cannon thunder in a 12 gun broadside ! jack clutches he ear , quaking with each blast . ext . war canoe - bear down on hook 's ship 3 explode with direct hit . Warrior hit the water . ti press on . Warrior fire a flight . arrow file ] the sky . mermaid surface . angelika grab a wounded warrior pull he toward shore . una and babs share another . ext . hook 's ship - quarterdeck Pirates cheer the destruction . more arrow rain down . hook find jack cower in the smoke . hook you first broadside , Jack . good forn . jack it be a accident . 1 do not mean to hurt anybody . 4 . hook nase ) ( jerk Jack up ) ~ but that 's the idea ! what 's a few less skin anyway . you be go to be a pirate - - fear on the 7 seas ! Jack pull away , terrify . he freeze -- point starboard . jack look ! there Pov - the dark avenger bear down from the cove . giant sling weapon and lose boy visible on deck . the " no hook " flag wave proudly . resume : hook hook ( peer through opera glass ) the lose boy . what a weenie roast ! no sign of Pan . where be that green wuss ? jack ( point astern ) k ! 4 } na hook pivot he opera glass astern . 06/21/90 103 there Pov - two speck - flying low Bright green . headed for the ship . glow like ufo . with peter and tink - flying he draw he sword , drop the scabbard into the sea . he level it and yell the " charge " . tink yell with he . resume : hook stare through he opera glass in total disbelief . hook Pan ...hah ! get he wing back , do he ? _ ( call out with glee ) smeeee ! pan astern ! smee be all smile urging the slave boy to drum faster . smee ( megaphone ) see cap 'o -- dream do come true . hook & jack hook shoot it Jack ! the big green one . Jack instantly sight along the barrel at the aproach object . he puff he cigar -- cough -- lowering it to fire . peter ( in the distance ) jackkkk ? ! Jack freeze in total shock . hook groan , grimace . jack dad ?... my dad 's fly ? he hate to fly . hook do not think , Jack , just do . this be what you have be training for . shoot he . do it . with peter & tink - flying - closer and closer peter you put that cannon down right now , young man ! Peter , the parent again , suddenly lose altitude . tink pull he back up . 06/21/90 104 resume : jack & hook hook there he go again , tell you what to do . do not listen to he . shut he up , Jack .... forever . Jack weaken -- lowering the cigar to the fuse -- peter & tink ~ flying - closer - closer peter I love you Jack ! hook & jack . hook he say the " L " word . you know what that mean -- right Jack ?! shoot he ! it 's what you want to do . quick cut to : jack - peter & tink - the cannon - hook / jack ( snap ) nooo00 ! -- pull away -- hook force Jack 's cigar down on the fuse . baboom ! peter & tink - flying tink lookout ! she ram Peter send he tumble off course . the cannon shot smack tink like a freight train and explode ! tink be go ! glow dust sprinkle the sea . peter spiral up to the heaven , scream in horror . peter tinkkkkk ! | hook & jack hook exult . Jack run away , convulse in angry tear . ext . dark avenger - bear down the lose boy watch horrify as pixie dust settles . 06/21/90 105 rufio " no hook " ! no hook --no hook --~ the boy pick up the cry pull back a giant arrow in the huge cross - bow cum slingshot mount forward , the arrow be cover with grafitti . " hook be a codfish " , " hook suck " , " lost boy rule " , " pay live " ... ; . " tink forever " the giant arrow rush forward arcing into the sky . ext . hook 's ship - high angle - looking down cannon fire blow canoe away on the portside . cannon fire rip into the avenger off to starboard , the giant arrow crash into the mainmast tear away the sail . the top mizzen mast fall like a fell tree , hook & smee watch in disbelier . the mast splat in the sea . smee be that fair , cap and ? hook attack speed ! Ram that little bastard ! g '' smee duck flame rigging crash down . he spin the wheel aim for the avenger . int . galley - continuing action maggie and slave row at killer Pace under noodler 's whip . ext . hook 's ship - peter flying he burst through the billow cannon smoke , he sword up like a samurai hack and chopping and bend each oar until it break -- int . galley - continuing action oar break send slave tumble like domino . noodler whip mercilessly , maggie and the Young slave pull hard . they oar snap -- they sail -- knock noodler down . the Young slave smack noodler with he chain . maggie grab the key . she unlock manacle as fast as she can . on deck ~ hook '' _ aring he pistol at Peter just miss -him . hook kill himmm ! qo '' 3 ve 06/21/90 106 pil is FIRE from the gunwale as Peter dart and weave hack oar . a cannon fire in front of Peter . he duck back . another fire behind he . ext . hook 's ship - port side War canoe draw alongside . TI leap scale the hull . Warrior follow . arrow fly . Pirates drop . gun fire . Indians fall . ext . hook 's ship & the dark avenger - side by side ace & rufio release catapult . rock fly . quick cut : rock crash onto the deck . Pirates scatter . rock crash into gunport smash cannon . rock crack the hull . int . galley - continuing action a rock crash through . water spews in . mag - keep unlock chain . juke appear . he grab she lifv ug she up , choke she --- a belaying pin smack he in the head with deadly accuracy . he stiffen upright , choke maggie harder . another pin bonk he . he fall -- revealing : jack ! he run to maggie hugging she tight . maggie : Jack -- I think -- you be ' one of then . jack ( major guilt ) I be sorry maggie -- I almost be -- dad 's here ! I see he ! he 's .... Peter Pan ! maggie gape . a cheer goe up from the slave . Jack lead they toward the hatch -- take command . ext . MAIN deck - continuing action jack and maggie lead the slave pour from the hatch . '' cheer goe up as TI lead she Warrior swarm over the side clash hand to hand with the Pirates . '' chozr goe up as ziggy catapult himself from the avenger crash into 4 Pirates -- knock they overboard . o 06/21/90 107 rufio leap like a madman into the fray . ace lead the other onboard slash and cut . with hook pace the quarterdeck , watch the battle before hin . hook the lose boy . no manners . despicable . he whirl and skewer a Young slave with a harpoon . hook look at the rugrat ! they should all be slave . I hate kide ! especially pan ’s! 3 warrior rush he . hook run 2 through and shoot one . hook skin at least die nobly . but no pan ! the ship list . smee fight the wheel . : smee we be sink , cap 'o . fast . hook stomp he boot in a big circle throw a tantrum . hook damn-~damn--damn--damn--damn--pan! you big chickennnn ! peter descend landing behind hook. classic pose . . peter i know you be but what be I ?!! hook turn face hin . Long slow serpentine smile . at last . _ hook -+++ Peter pan. have it be 3 day ? surprise . surprise . how time fly . smee crawl unseen behind the wheel . Peter be all concentration . eye fix on hook wait for he move . hook ( look around ) where be miss Bell ? Shopping ? peter ( flash deep anger ) you know where she be . I want my kid . 06/21/90 108 hook " proud insolent youth -- prepare to die . " peter " to die will be a awfully big adventure . " hook I would not bet the ranch on it . they leap at each other . sword clanging in the morning sun . the ultimate duel between good and evil have begin . follow they around the quarterdeck hook , a superior swordsman , attack . Peter parry the rain of blow and thrust , fight for he life . hook you look marvelous . a amazing comeback , . I must say . a 3 day wonder . how dia you | do it ? diet ? Exercise ?.... a affair perhaps . the right woman can do wonder to restore a man 's youth . hmnmm ? Peter surge with anger on the attack . gain confidence , '' 4s instinctive skilis return . darting and fly to oid hook 's slashes and slice — — hook look at you , Pan . healthy . fit. no bill ! no nag wife ! you be have fun ! admit it ! what a shame you have to die . just when you find " life " , | Peter hesitates . the truth . smee crawl drag a chain with a manacle try to trap Peter 's foot . he lunge , just miss -- as Peter fly on the attack -- peter I / 11 kill you , hook ! hook dodge he thrust and slice Peter along the rib . hook wrong . you be the one who 's bleed . Peter stare at the blood seeping from he side . the ship list acutely . cannon ball roll across the deck . Peter hover and hook dodge they as they fight -- Peter take the offensive drive hook back . 06/21/90 109 on the MAIN deck - in the fray Jack spot Peter and hook point they out to maggie , that 's daday ? she 's elate ang terrify at the same time watch she Father drive hook back -- then fly to avoid hook 's attack , a pirate scream behind they -- sword raise , ziggy swing on a tope blamming the pirate with a ramrod to the groin . flaming rigging crash down separate they . Peter leap , fly up ang over the debris landing in front of hook , hook T love it when you do that , they lock sword -- a test of strength as each try to shove the other overboard . " why do hook wait so long to find I ? " t/1l teil you . when you be young , you make a fool of I . all the time . I be no match for the great Pan . i + you be 7 you say , not anymore . even at the peak of you form you be just " old Peter Pan " , he shove Peter over the gunwale press he hook down inch fron Peter 's eye , hook however , 1 have not age a day . ne be even ! Peter rolis away . hook bury he claw in the rail . he whirl slice Peter in the thigh as he fly away . hook whoopsy . not @s quick as we use@ to be , be " we " .... 06/21/90 110 Peter clutches he leg in pain . he 's scared to death , but he fight on . near the MAIN mast rufio fight 3 Pirates at once . ti gut one . ace throw another overboard . Ziggy shield maggie and Jack . rufio do not have to be tell who they be . rufio get to the avenger . this wreck 's sinkin’ fast , Mon. TI go ! we will help Pan ! Pirates cut they off . ace boost maggie onto the rigging . a pirate grab she leg . she kick he in the face . ziggy pitch Jack a sword . he club a pirate with it . the crow 's nest - looking down - jack and maggie climb to the tiny bucket hang on the remain of the mast . the battle rage below . peter & hook Battle on the ornately carve stern over the great cabin . the stern rise into the air as the ship continue to sink bow first . Peter fall , favor he wounded leg . hook aw -- we be not get tired be we ? maggie ( 0c ) daddyyyy ! smee appear over the edge with the manacle -- closer -- Peter look up spot he kid . in the crow 's nest - looking down Jack and maggie can see everything . even smee --- jack behind youuuu ! too late . smee slam the manacle around Peter 's ankle . peter fly ! he slam to the ground --a ball and chain lock on he leg ! 06/21/90 : 111 hook ( he preens ) advantage ... hook ! hook chop at Peter chase he across the deck . Peter fly a few foot , tug , drag the chain , dodging , circle , : block hook 's blow . the ship heel ! the mast crack ! jack and maggie teeter in the bucket . rufio & TI race to the rescue . flame roar up from the main hatch , cut they off . the deck explode drive they back . jack and maggie duck in the bucket as the fireball roar up . flame lick the mast pole toward they . pirate leap overboard , abandon ship . onboard the avenger ace and Ziggy leap aboard with other lose boy and skin . ziggy we can not leeve pedur ! resume : hook & peter Peter circle he like a bird on a string . hook yank he chain , pull Peter toward he like a balloon , fight slice . Peter fly away only to be jerk back again . hook what a waste . the real world have take its toll on you , Peter . too much stress . too much tension . too bad --- the deck pitch . the ball roll toward the fiery hold drag Peter with it . helpless . Fighting on he back . suddenly rufio leap in front of hook , attack with a vengeance . hook toy with he . peter get away , rufe -- it 's I he want ! rufio looky , looky , I get hooky . hook sadly , you have no future as a poet . 06/21/90 112 o he run rufio through . the boy sag smile at Peter -- rufio you...are ... Peter ... Pan ...- mon ..- -- and fall backwards overboard . TI leap from nowhere landing on hook 's back wield she machete . hook grab she hair and kiss she ! -- she spit in he face -- he heave she scream over the side . the ship heave . Peter 's ball and chain drop into the flame hold pulling peter , scream , with it . the crow 's nest - jack and maggie helpless , watch he fall a second time to certain death . int . flaming hold - looking up Peter grab a deck beam hang on for dear life . hook stand over he -- he moment of triumph . hook this. be it , Pan . Big daddy fear be here ! the fear you feel when you child do not come home on time . when the plane take off . or the fear you feel when you can not run as fast anymore and you body aches . I be the quickie at the office -- the porsche and the red head with the big hooter . take a good look . I be you mortality , bucko . jm you Christmas present from hell ! he raise he sword to chop off Peter 's hand --- aerial Pov - a sword fly through the AIR stick hook right in the ass ! hook rear in excruciate pain pull the blade from he buttock . his hand cover in a putrid purple liquid . hook my...own ... blood . you know -- I really hate the sight of my own blood ! a flash of light zoom by he diving into the void . the crow 's nest - jack and maggie the ship shudder again . the last rigging fall away . the wast sway -- crack more . flame surge up - 06/21/90 113 int . flaming hold - peter hang the flash of light swirl around , landing on he manacle . it 's tink ! Hair singe , Big powder burn -- but alive . ; peter tink ! you be alive ! I think I have lose you forever -- tink say it , Peter . I wanna hear you say it -- and mean it this time -- peter ( he hand slip ) I believe in faeries ---i swear I believe -- I do -- satisfied , tink pick the lock with a faerie bobby pin . the ball . and chain drop into the inferno . the hold explode ! tink & peter surge up from the blast -- to the crow 's nest now teeter dangerously . Peter hover alongside he kid , hugging they -- kissing they -- peter '' mon -- we be go to fly ! the kid hug the mast , terrify , shaking " no " . crying -- below - hook at he wit 's end , alone on deck -- he grab a broadaxe and hack like a mad man at the remain of the mast . , hook ( child 's voice ) " oh , daddy , I be afraid " --- kide ruin everything , pan . don ’t you get it . they suck the life out of you !! leech ! above - the mast teeters Jack and maggie lurch and sway . Peter stay with then . peter do not listen to he . take my hand . Jack ! believe I . please , maggie , you have to . believe in yourselves . you can do anything if you believe in yourself ! & 06/21/90 114 hook - chopping hook they won ’t take care of you when you're old ! peter & kide peter tink --dust ’em ! she splashes they with pixie dust . they glow : maggie reach out , take hold . Jack hang back , unsure . tink do what you Father say . you have get 2 second to find a happy think ! jack Home ! maggie yeah --momny ! Jack grab Peter 's hand . the mast collapse ! they jump -- falling at US = holding hand roaring right over hook and up into the morning sky ! with hook hook pan ! you all never work in neverland againnnn ! with the pan family ~ flying Jack and maggie screech with delight . Peter be greatly relieved like any fly father would be . ext . the avenger - continuing action Ziggy , ace , the lose boy -- Warrior - - even ti--safe and sound -- wave and cheer as the pan family do a " fly by " wave farewell . with the pan family - flying Peter salute he " boy " and blow a big kiss to : ext . water ~ mermaid waving goodbye . angelika , una and babs blow bubble kiss . os 06/21/90 115 with smee - rowing a dingy full of treasure from the sink ship in the distance . he reflect as the Pan family buzze overhead . smee aye -- be not that nice . poor cap /o . he hate happy ending . tight on hook scream in a rage atop the last of he sink ship . hook go on ! fly away ! just like always ! but I all still be with you ! everyday for the rest of you miserable life ! everywhere you look -- you all see hook ! with the pan - flying Peter slow . hook 's voice booming in he head . hook leave now and you all live in fear -- until the day you die ! tink look back . she see Peter clutching he head . he wave she on . she understand . tink c’mon , kid . Race you to the moon ! she lead they toward the fade moon . the kid follow , cut up , unaware . with hook = go down with he ship hook I ’m you worst nightmare peter ! I am death ! with peter - flying the fear seize he . he pivot and dive -- primal scream -- peter hookkkkkkk kkk ! aerial Pov - diving at hook hook exult . his sword ready . laugh maniacal . hook pannnnn be back ! and hook 's got himmmmm ! lop 06/21/90 116 , peter and hook collide - good and evil knight in a tremendous thunder burst of energy ! sharp CUT to : ext . sky - night . Thunder crack ! lightn ignite the heaven . sharp CUT to : ext . # 14 - the nursery window - night a ferocious storm . more thunder crack ! int . granny wendy 's bedroom - continuing action moira spill she tea . her nerve shot . granny wendy sit up in bed . battle the unseen force -- granny wendy moira ? the child -- a thundering crash boom upstairs . the light wink out ! moira bound up the stair --a flashlight wave wildly -- int . nursery - moira race in the window flap open . rain blast in . moira struggle to close they . granny Wendy straggle in -- weak , unsteady . lightning flash ! granny Wendy cry out -~- jack and maggie be hide under they cover , cry and call out . moira rush to they , hugging they , kissing they drench wet face . both kid babble frantic -- jack we be back , mommy - - we make it . maggie there be all this Pirates -- and daddy save . we -- we fly ! granny wendy it 's all right , dear , you be safe . moira where 's you father . where be he ?! they point to the window . Thunder ! lightn blind they ! CUT to : black 06/21/90 117 fade in : ext . sky - morning true blue . almost too perfect . gull cry . GOD 's Pov - looking down raindrop drip from tree . a familiar grassy knoll . lush . manicure . peter ! sprawle lifeless . just as he be when he first wake in neverland . the view descend right to he face . no vital sign . a raindrop splatter he nose . he flinch . peter ( delerious ) Jack ... maggie ...fly ... another hit he . he sit up slowly look around . he stand panicked . not again ! his clothes be tatter and tear . he do not know which way to go . something rustle the bush . he turn -- ready to fight --- a cricket ball crash through the brush and roll to he foot . he stare at it -- as if it might explode . he pick it up -- turn it in he hand . a young kid crash through the brush in a ball uniforn . he 's eye Peter in he dirty dud . Peter frown , in a fog . kid here -- gimme yat ball , y’sodder -- Peter pitch it back follow the kid through the bush . the view ascend revealing : kensington garden round pound . the manicure green fill with people play cricket . Peter take it all in -- thoroughly confuse . girl ( 0c ) Mom -- there 's Peter pan-- a little girl point at Peter -- then run past he to -- the peter pan statue frozen in time . forever young . Peter fix on it . something click . : peter my kid ..... the mother eye Peter suspiciously asshe retrieve she little girl . peter. suddenly , anxious , start the jog away -- 06/21/90 118 tink ( 0.c. ) Goodbye Peter . I love you .... he stop -- turn back to the statue , as if it speak to he . peter tink ? a ground keeper sweep some empty bottle across the cement path . " tink-tink - tink " -- peter ( think ) tink ... he shrug . whatever it mean , he 's already forget . with new life , he race away down the path . the view climb to : tinkerbell ! stand behind the statue 's head . her back to we as she watch Peter pick up speed , pull farther away , until he 's go . tink turn . glow tear dot she face . she fly away . CUT to : ext . marlbourough gate ~- morning Peter race by *.:~ < : sm. dodging and weaving through sunday stroller . '' all ee to he tatter appearance . he dash across baywater Road dodging traffic = 2 " ku ,.wasae . : CUT to : ext . # 14 - the nursery window - morning maggie , Jack and tootles peer out the close window . - morose . suddenly maggie light up -- jump and point . with peter - racing up the STREET he stop , instinctively look up to the window . he jump up and down when he see they - - " they be alive " ! hoot and celebrate life -- the " new " Peter hop up on the garden wall and walk it -- do exactly what he tell Jack not to do -- he make it -- all the way -- without fall ! bow to he child applaud in the window , he leap the garden fence and dash the shortcut to the front door . sent by : tri-star picture $ t927-80 f128 44 pm i executive suite ? 06/21/90 129 int . # 14 - continuing action moira open the door . Peter burst in -- sweep moira off she foot laugh like a lovesick teenager -- and a serious kiss . : moira oh , Peter --- Peter -- I think I have lose you . all of you . bhat last '' 2 peter ( shocked confuse ) last night ? I - - do not know , .. all I know be -- I love you moira . I love you ! maggie skitter down the stair and sail into Peter 's arm dust like she fly . maggie daddy ! I know you would come back . T never give up . Peter be suddenly face granny Wendy . he bow to she beautifully . ( the way Pan do when he first net Wendy ) peter . hulle , Wendy moira Angela darling . : wendy hullo , Peter . do you know where you be ? peter where I ... belong . where I want to be . they enbrace , fill with emotion and unconditional love . Peter spot tootles watchiig at the foot of the stair . he can not speak . he just grab Peter and hug he tight . '' peter ( something click ) tootles -- I have get something -- 1 think belong to you . I do not remember -- he remove the pouch from he neck . tootles brighten , barely able to contain himself . Peter pour the marble into he gnarly hand --- tootles see ?-- I do not lose ny marble afterall . granny Wendy hug he warmly . tootles drift upstairs , caress he happy thought . he pass Jack -- wait on the stair -- feel guilty -- cut off . = & 06/21/90 120 Peter reach up with both arm -- just like he father and mother do --- Jack can not fight he tear . ' jack jump -- fly into he daddy 's arm . moira hug they both . moira you be all safe . we be together . we can just be the way we be ... before ..... peter ( lucid , focus ) I love all of you so much . but we / will never be the same as before . there 's something we have get to do . all of we -- he leap up and touch the chandeleir - - then bound quickly upstairs , lead they all -- granny Wendy , too . int . nursery - the window - continuing action Peter lead he family toward it -- he scowl angry -- peter . what do I tell you about this window ? huh ? well , let 's open it ! anger melt to mirth . he unlock it throw it open wide . Jack and maggie open the other side . ext . the window - widen slowly from : the darling / ban together . joyous . facing the world . peter take a deep breath everybody . breathe . it 's a great day to be alive . from now on -- in this family - - everyday be a great day - - to be alive ... the view climb up up up - flying over kensington garden up through the cloud . we bank in a sweeping arc over Big Bend and the Thames River . London gleam in the morning sun . tootles swoops into view ! whoop with pure joy . he shake the last of tink 's pixie dust from he marble pouch on he craggy face , bask in the golden glow . he pause and wave goodbye to each of we . then zoom away head for neverland . laugh like that child he be . the child we all be . the child in we that can never die . super : " second to the right and straight on til morning " -- sir jame barrie end title and flying music 06/21/90 — 121 to judy , jake and julia for always believe ... in memory of david albert hart , '' uncle deedah " 1950 - 1988 oo