hoor ! the return of the Captain , Story by jim hart & nick castle screenplay by be hart base on the character create by Sir James M. barrie in he novel peter & wendy , 1911 , chas . scribner the little white bird of kensington garden , 1902 , chas . scribner pan in kensington garden , 1906 , chas . scribner nick castle - director gary adelson & craig baumgarten - producer tristar picture inc . first revised draft : 06/21/90 " all child , except one , grow up . " -- James barrie , page 1 . " to die will be a awfully big adventure . " -- Peter Pan ; " no little child love I . " ; *~ -- Captain James hook ee ae o 06/21/90 1 hook ! ext . ocean - night music Waters part . a dark brigantine pass on evil parade . its banner fly --a skeleton pirate hold a hourglass in one hand and a bloody heart in the other . int . ship 's hold - limbo music treasure chest . overflow with the rich of 7 , no 14 seas ! smoke ring waft over mound of pearl and precious stone . two havanas glow from a unusual twin stem cigar holder in the f.g. a elegantly evil voice echoes ... elegant voice ( 0c ) oh there 's no place like home ... a ivory " gentleman 's box " open revealing : custom hand crafted hook , properly label " for every occasion " , _ " formal " , etc. , diamond encrust , gold , platinum ... elegant voice ( 0c ) '' there be no - oo place like home ... -- be it ever so humble -- finger on a slender leave hand . dance like a concert pianist over the array lift the hook label , " classic " -- jamming it with a metallic clank where the right hand should be . elegant voice ( oc ) -- there 's no place like--hooooomeeee ! --the classic hook slam down into the table -- cuT to : ext . perfect blue sky - day maintitle super : " all child , except . one , grow up .... pal we be fly - - up the Thames River . present day London gleam in the afternoon sun . we glide over Big Bend to westminster Bridge , St. James Park , Buckingham Palace , to the row of townhouse along kensington garden . there 's a familiar one . # 14 . garret double window open to the world . liza ( oc ) Wendy !?.... wen-- dyyyy ? 06/21/90 int . child 's nursery - window - day title cont ’d | we have see this window before . the very one we remember Peter Pan come and go through when we be young . reveal : wendy silhouetted at the window , she back to we , languidly brush she long flow hair -- liza ( oc ) Wendy mum -- think I have be find you here , liza enter all excited and flustered set down a box of vintage toy . the corpulent irish housekeeper have be run - ning the darling house for decade . she talk a bluestreak . liza let 's be get you dress now . you x11 want to be look you best . wendy I be just tidy up my memory , liza . it seem I have spend a great deal of my life wait at this dow . a . her gentle voice still wistful , but regal ; age with grace . liza ( take over the brush ) Excuse I for say , but you be have a hospital name after you this evening for orphan and not for stare gout window -- Wendy pat liza 's hand with she own . her hand be old . much older . but she laugh still tinkle like glass . liza worry about Wendy when she get . like this . liza you will not be worry about Peter now , Wendy mum . he 'il be here . he 's fly home this very moment -- fly right in and land . sharp CUT to : ext . stormy sky - day title continued C ) thunder crack ! lightning flash ! a british airways 747 buck the storm like a wild horse . | | liza point out the open . window as if expect Peter to | i | | | | '' ) 06/21/90 3 int . 747 - moving down the aisle - continuing action the transatlantic flight from hell . passengers show little concern in the slamdunk turbulence . they be pro . except for peter banning . 35 -- boyish good look -- tie at half mast -- sweat bullet . White knuckle on he arm rest . he 's hold on for dear life -- drown he fear of fly in another scotch -- peter ( worry wart ) Jack -- Jack ? -- jack banning , age 11 , pitch he baseball into the air next to Peter . peter -- you be go to hit the ceiling -- the oxygen mask will fall out -- jack good~ - I can not breathe . anything to annoy he dad -- the ball ricochet off the ceiling and knock Peter 's drink into he lap . Jack cringe . uh oh . Big trouble . peter . ( gasp 2- 3 - 4 - ) moira --- moira darling banning , early 30 's , a natural beauty , try to read in - the row behind . her English accent soothing . ever patient , ever understanding . moira Peter ....? peter switch . Peter stand in the aisle with he wet crotch -- nervous face . moira give he a sympathetic hug . peter I be not go to make it to my next birthday . moira you be not go to die without a phone and a fax machine . okay . relax . relax ? Peter be about to throw up . — ~ ne ! 06/21/90 . : 4 Peter sit down next to maggie banning , age 5 ; magic marker all over she hand and face -- surround by wad of draw paper , teddy bear , a doll , goldfish cracker -- he instantly panic . she 's not buckle in . he cinch she too tight -- maggie daddy -- I can not breathe - - peter ( reluctantly loosen the belt ) tell I when it 's 2 finger , princess . maggie measure the slack in the belt . " 2 finger " . Peter collapse back , try to get a grip and act calm . peter can you show daddy what you be draw ? maggie -- that 's I . be not I cute . that 's you -- the picture . a big plane crash in flame into a sea full of shark which be eat everyone -- except maggie and peter -- who be both descend in parachute . peter ( big gulp ) that 's really ... nice , princess . but we ... do not have parachute ... the 747 bank sharply and drop like a rollercoaster . maggie whoops with glee -- Peter grip he seatrest . this be it . he 's go to die ! Jack hang over the seat with a devilish grin - - jack yo -- dad -- the wing 's go -- cuT to : int . heathrow - custom / immigration - day - title cont ’d line of traveler lug bag , doze stand up , baby cry -- same grim look on they face . except for the banning . they look grimmer . no --grimmest . Peter herd everyone , hold maggie , she teddy bear and enough carry - on bag for 8 people . Jack pop he ball in he glove . moira lug more carry - on bag . peter Jack --stay close --moira ? passport ? moira hold they up for the 37th time . a a a ! 06/21/90 5 peter stay together . we be move . Peter herd all the bag and family and move 6 inches to the custom man . we see it in Peter 's face . this be hell . tight on passport - the banning family moira the calm ; Jack the gross , expose he retainer ; maggie the bubbling ; and Peter -- the " type-a stress - out - male- heart~attack - poster " . custom man ( stamp passport ) moira darling ban , Jack -- , Peter ban -- and where be you little girl -- Margaret ? peter here she be . right here . -- raise the teddy bear 's hand . maggie be not on the other end . Peter pale , instant panic , drop all the bag -- peter ( search the crowd ) maggieeeeeeeee ! silence engulf the room . all head turn to Peter --ashen . , maggie daddy -- daddy -- haf to go to the bathroon . she 's right behind he . Jack groan , humiliate . moira shrug a apology to the world . Peter flush red -- take maggie 's hand . . ext . heathrow - cab cue - day title cont ’d London taxis pull up and load passengers . Peter move Jack 2 inch back behind the yellow line with maggie and moira as if it be radioactive . Jack be really annoyed . ext . kensington garden ~ day title cont ’d the statue of Queen Victoria reign over round Pond . a traffic jam inch past kensington Palace in the b.g . int . london taxi - kensington road - barely moving Peter be engross figure exchange rate on he electronic filofax . maggie sit in moira 's lap take in the sight at the window . wed 06/21/90 6 moira that 's where princess Di life -- and there 's kensington garden . can you tell I what famous statue 's there ? maggie " Peter Pan " -- maggie lean out for a better view . moira hold onto she . peter ( without look up ) head inside . maggie " knee -jerk " she head back inside . Jack , tune out on he walkman , beat a rhythm on the seat . Peter reach out and grab he hand without look up . ext . kensington garden - the peter pan statue - day dedicate in 1912 . the Boy who never want to grow - up . super : director title card CUT to : ext . # 14 kensington - high angle - looking down - sunset the ban pile from the taxi and head to the front door lug bag . moira run a comb through maggie 's hair . peter remember , she 's very old and do not need a lot of noisy child run around -- Jack - - can you hear I ? Jack walk the garden wall like a tightrope , enjoy himself and the music in he head . Peter pull he down . peter you be go to break you neck -- ( smoothing maggie 's clothes ) now listen you two -- one word -- " manners . " use you napkin . Close the bathroom door . do not touch anything . remember who you be . Peter reach to ring . the door open instantly . a sad old man peer out at they . catatonic . peter --- uncle tootles --hello-- uncle tootles take one look at Peter and slam the door . maggie think it 's funny . Jack duck to leave . 06/21/90 7 jack I be outta here , dude . Peter stop he . " very funny " . the door open again . liza ! liza welcome home -- hugs--squeals --laughter -- as liza lead they in . Peter linger -- stare up 5 floor to the nursery window . be it the height that scare he -- or something else ? int . # 14 - entrance hall - continuing action a grand antique - fill affair with a chandeleir hang in the center . liza lead they in , talk non-stop . liza ah poor uncle tootles . he 's not hissef today ... most day lately ... uncle tootles be visible in the dining room sway back and forth before a collection of vintage sailing ship in bottle lining the mantle . liza oh , Mr. ban , before I forget -- you office call 3 time - - at least . peter thanks liza -- ( aside to moira ) great . what do I tell you -- he spot Jack try to jump and touch the chandeleir . he motion sternly " over here " -- Jack schlump to he . liza Wendy mum be so anxious . to see you -- she pause at the formal parlor door . Peter and moira look around . maggie 's go again . peter 's Pov - the dine room maggie be beside tootles . he make wind sound hold out he arm ... as if fly . childlike . maggie raise she arm and sway with he , giggle . tootles smile -- contact . peter ( motion ) maggie - - do not bother tootles -- 06/21/90 8 maggie ( skip to he flap she arm ) uncle tootles be go to teach I to fly . peter fine. good . be nice . ° jack he can not even talk , dorkette Peter stare Jack into silence . maggie glance back at -- tootles , still sway in front of the ship . out of it . int . parlor - liza swing the door OPEN the ban family snap - to flash smile . Peter whip Jack 's ball cap from he head -- reveal : wendy angela moira darling 92 year young ! sitting regally in she favorite wing chair . her hair silvery white . but she eye still so very young and so alive . her smile warm -- beckone to the child . Peter nudge maggie , " just like you practice " . maggie es . granny Wendy melt , open she arm . : granny wendy such a young lady . come here . I have not see you since you be but a nib --- maggie rush to she -- peter careful -- granny Wendy might break -- granny wendy oh , pooh . you be daddy 's turn into a fusspot in he old age -- granny pat she thigh -- maggie jump in she lap , hugging she tight . granny look at Jack and feign shock . wendy this could not be Jack . who 's this giant ? Jack be embarass by all granny Wendy 's affection . Peter nod to Jack in that way that mean " go on , do it " . jack gran -- I be s'pose to congratulate you -- for get that kid 's hospital name after you . that 's really rad . 06/21/90 9 granny wendy I be , be I ? be " rad " good ? Jack nod give some '' attitude " . maggie be you the really real " Wendy " , granny ? Jack say you be not -- jack chill out , scuzzbrain . peter | ( intervene ) | kid . manners . moira ( hugging she ) gran -- the house look beautful and so do you ? granny wendy dear moira -- I look like a prune . ( take a long look at Peter ) hullo , Peter . how 's my " favorite orphan " ? peter ( peck she on the cheek ) -- Fine . a little jetlag . sorry we cut it so close . I be up to my ear at the '' office -- just could not get away -- granny eye moira for help . moira shrug " he 's hopeless " . peter ( continue ) we think maggie have a ear infection -- granny wendy ( in she best Queen 's English ) oh , Peter - - do chill out -- he do . Jack love it . maggie giggle . int . 4 th floor bedroom - night Peter pace on the phone , now pull on tux pants and shirt -- he fumble fasten he stud -- cardiac intense . peter ( on phone ) we be not " fold we tent " --- 06/21/90 10 . C ) moira appear , stun in she evening dress . she need a = zip -up . Peter cradle the phone , zipping she up -- peter ( on phone ) I do not care what you have to do -- do it . ( hang up , major tension ) they be go crazy without I there . moira and we be go crazy with you here . she force he mouth into a smile with she finger . moira honestly , Peter . we have not have two minute alone in week . you never see the kid . when you do -- you make every one crazy . peter C / mon -- I do not . moira oh , really . Jack and maggie need they father -- not a policeman constantly on they ii case . you -- you worry about everything . she shake out she hair in the mirror . beautiful . moira you be get worse . what 's go on with you ? 4 peter nothing 's go on . moira be it I ? the kid ? work ? you chole - terol ? do you want to buy a porsche ? =-- chase big breast silly woman -- what ? he grope she body . she pull he suspender way back -- peter -- I do not want a porsche . I love we kid -- I love you -- you breast -- --- I just have a rough day . moira when be the last time you have a good one ? nw he think . he can not remember . she let he suspender fly . ----kapow ! cuut to : 06/21/90 11 ext . nursery window - night Jack , dress for bed , hang out by the open double window -- bored , listen to he " walkman " . every few second he dangle one of maggie 's " my Little pony " out the window and let it drop -- watch it fall . granny wendy ( oc ) . '' all child , except one , grow -up . " int . nursery - continuing action granny Wendy be on the floor in she evening finery with maggie in she lap read from a rag copy of peter and wendy . the " Wendy girl " inside she peek through . the very dollhouse from she childhood stand beside then . it 's almost a child 's room again . granny wendy ( continue ) " Wendy know that she must grow up . you always know after you be two . two be the beginning of the end . " ... ( show the page to maggie ) there -- I be Wendy , or I be - - a long time ago . on . the book the original ilustration of " Wendy " in she nightgown frame at the nursery window . maggie be beside herself . granny wendy and see -- that be the same window and this be the very room where we uadeup bedtime storey . about Peter and neverland and old scary Captain hook . Mr. barrie , Sir James , we neighbor , take a fancy to my mum and she storey -- so he write they down -- dear I -- over 80 year ago . maggie 80 year ago ? do they have tv then ? granny wendy certainly not . and we ought not have the telly now . reading be the window into life . maggie ( mesmerise by the book ) that 's why daddy only let I watch 2 hour of tv a week . he 's afraid my eye ball will get sick and fall out . 'o / } 06/21/90 13 peter bedcheck in one minute , princess . let 's get that bodyclock back on schedule -- maggie dive into she kiddiebe giggle that belly laugh that only child can produce . peter ( pick up toy ) do you brush you tooth 20 up and 20 down -- ( turn to Jack ) whoa -- Jack -- he lunge pull Jack away from the window -- slamm it shut -- lock the double - sashes tight -- peter what have I tell you about open window ? do we have window a at home in New York ? Jack sloth into the other kiddybe hat it -- jack yeah -- they have bar on then . peter so you will not fall out and -- uh -- jack --- and go splat on the sidewalk , dad ? peter ( try not to think about : it ) this window be to remain lock for the rest of we visit . get it ? granny wendy watch from the door , deeply disturb . maggie but daddy -- Peter Pan and tink can not get in -- peter that 's enough fairytale for tonight , princess . go to sleep . maggie you do not bleeve in the tooth faerie and santy Claus either -- but I still love you anyway --- peter -- do I say there 's no Santa Claus ? -- ob o 06/21/90 12 granny Wendy laugh she soothing glassy tinkle . wendy you father worry too much about a great too many thing . ( remember ) of course when I first meet he , he could not read a word . he do not even know he name , or who he mummy and daddy be . just a poor little orphan boy - - he be . maggie be that why he grow up to be a lawyer ? granny wendy ( girlish laughter ) you father use to be a very wild and rambunctious child , believe it or not . Jack perk up at the window , suddenly interested . jack I do not believe it . granny wendy it 's true , Jack . he remind I so much of the little boy from neverland , I call he " Peter " . you grandparent adopt he with that name and move to to the States . what a wild mischieveous child he be -- so full of life . she trail off lose in the memory . maggie we daddy ? jack ( deadpan ) what would you name he now ? she visibly flinch as Peter enter deck in he tux . peter granny Wendy , what .are you do on the floor ? do you want to be late ' the most important event in you life ? he help she up . she kiss maggie , wave to Jack and head for the door , perturb at Peter 's manner . '' 06/21/90 14 he tuck she in . she hand he a paddington bear sheet all tangle with curtain cord . he inspect it -- puzzle . maggie merry early before Christmas . it 's a parachute - - so you will not be ascare when we fly . I and tootles make it -- peter ( grim appreciation ) thanks , princess . it ’s...really ...uh .. maggie ( fall asleep ) if santy 's not real , you have sure better tell I before J have child or they will not get any toy at Christmas . Peter marvel at the mind of he 5 year old cuddle with she teddy bear . in 10 second she 's out cold . asleep . he move to Jack 's bed -- both in need of a serious heart to heart . peter hey --tomorrow we ’1ll go to the Tower of London . what d'ya say ? have some fun . jack ( sardonic ) yeah , sure , great .... he smoothes Jack 's hair . he 's not connect . linger in the face of rejection , he check the window one last time , turn on the nightlight and finally leave . in the hall - continuing action Peter exit , leave the door just ajar . take one final peek -- he kid be in safe in bed . he do it . he sag against the wall - - a deep sigh of relief . the giant burden of parenthood for the moment relieved . granny Wendy startles he in the dim light . granny wendy it 's be a long time since I have hear the sound of child in that room ... before they have to grow up and face the world . I do so miss it ... peter ( defensive ) you do -- you miss this ? 06/21/90 15 oo Peter be tense again . his momentary relief go . fet peter okay , just tell I -- just tell I -- why my kid wake up in the morning and think it 's they job to find way to get hurt --- or kill themselves . ( at a total loss ) I feel like I be the secret service . and Jack and maggie be both the President . silence . granny Wendy stare he right in the eye . granny wendy let they breathe , Peter . Children need to be child . sometimes ... adult need to be child too . hold on Peter . she 's right . CUT to : ext . # 14 - high angle - looking down - night Peter help granny Wendy and moira into a stately roll . he ~ glance up at the window . it 's still close tight . he - climb in . they pull away . liza wave goodbye with tootles . his long sad hangdog face wishing he could go too . Jack appear at the window -- unlock the sash and open the double window wide . he watch they go . defiant . cut to : | ext . the great ormond ST . hospital for child - night | | a stately victorian structure with a new wing . applause continue 0.c. int . hospital - continuing action a huge banner herald : sir jame M. barrie foundation and great ormond ST . hospital for child honor " wendy " | lord whitehall , a proper elder Brit , preside at the dais . i lord whitehall of million know the Wendy in Sir James ' pe barrie 's classic child 's story -- | 06/21/90 16 at the head table , Wendy look grand , moira at she side . lord whitehall ( continue ) but the Wendy we honor tonight -- for the past 70 year -- have give hope and care and life to hundred of homeless child and orphan who have no one to call " mother " but Wendy .... genuine applause erupt from the a very british gather of lord and lady and honored guest . Wendy beam . peter pace nervously in the wing . go over he note , practice a gracious gesture and delivery . lord whitehall and tonight we be priviledge to hear from a number of Wendy 's '' lose boy and Girls " -- first from the United States , Mr. Peter ban -- moira and Wendy applaud proudly as Peter struggle at the dais , find unexpected emotion as he speak ... peter Lord whitehall , honore guest ... Wendy . ( he emotion seeping through ) she call I she " favorite orphan " . why I 'il never know . I be half -starve , nearly freeze to death and could not remember my name when she bring I here to the great ormond hospital . she honore I with the knickname " Peter " , ( check he note ) I be even more honore -- to be marry to she great - grand daughter , moira darling ban -- my wonderful wife and mother of we 2 child , Jack and Margaret , who , if they do not want a one - way tour of the London dungeon , be home at gran 's fast alseep . polite laughter around . moira flush , " oh Peter " . intercut : nursery - same time Jack be bury under he cover . maggie be sprawle half off the bed . the view glide to the window . light sparkle outside . music dance . faery ? ufo ? Pan ? 06/21/90 17 downstair tootles sway on he unseen ocean before the ship model . he stop , sense something . resume : peter , peter please --stand up -- if you life be change by this woman --stand up -- pan the audience . a ripple -- then a wave . Men and woman , the once abandon -- rise in silent tribute -- to granny wendy -- visibly move to tear of pride and joy . applause rise to -- intercut : nursery --shutter blow OPEN ! curtain billow . a cold icy wind swirl in with . drive rain . music stab . maggie wake -- jack wake . they scream !-- bath in unholy light , stare into the unseen face of death . downstair - tootles look up -- agitate -- then terrify . he try to speak , form he mouth in the letter " 0 " , gasp to get it out . liza what ? tootles ? he point upstairs , gag . they hear scream from the nursery . liza hurry up the stair . resume : granny wendy thundering applause as she stand before the banner with ceremonial scissors -- the wendy darling foundling hospital intercut : nursery unholy light glow . liza race in the door . a powerful icy wind slam it into she face -- knock she unconscious . resume : granny wendy a unseen force rush over she . she sway -- Peter steady she . moira help with the scissors . the ribbon snap -- cheer ! applause ! Wendy smile , but something be wrong . CUT to : black 06/21/90 18 fade in : ext . # 14 - night the roll stop . Peter and moira step out , both enjoy themselves for the first time in a while . then Peter help a exhaust shakey granny Wendy . . peter a night to remember , Wendy - Angela moira - darling -- moira stop at the door , puzzle -- moira Peter ? --- she point . a note ! stuck to the door with a strange dagger ; address to simply " Peter " . he look at it -- peter what -- be it --? --open it . caligraphy . elegant signature from another age . peter ( read ) " dear Peter : welcome Home ... Captain . j-a- s-period , hook " . what be this ? gran pale at the word . moira steady she . granny wendy good god--hurry ! int . # 14 - night ~ continuing action moira hurry in . Peter follow -- | moira -- liza ! ?-- tootles ?-- peter and moira bound up the stair to liza 's limp form crumpled on the landing . a ugly bruise on she forehead . Peter check she carotid -- she stir ! liza ( barely conscious ) the child ... child ... moira look to Peter . hope -- praying -- int . hallway - the nursery door stuck fast . Peter slam against it -- again -- again -- 06/21/90 19 int . nursery - continuing action Peter burst in . the room have be savagely toss . beds_ empty ! window flap in the eerie breeze . moira enter . she swallow she cry . horrify , she race out . her call echoing through the house . moira Jack ? magieee ? sweetheart ? ext . nursery window - continuing action Peter lean out , search the row -yard below . peter jackkkkk ! magieeeeee ! where be youuu ?!!!! a raspy voice cackle from the night freezing Peter cold . voice h-hooky 's .... get they ... hooky 's back . Peter freeze . there , in the garden , cling to the top of a old shade oak like a scared kitten be tootles ! tootles have to fly -- have to save maggie ! have to save Jack ! hook 's backkkk ! peter at the window - complete shock . tootle 's voice echoes again . he talk ! int . dine room ~- tight on granny wendy approach -- face the ship in bottle . she know . granny wendy it ...d ... true ... a unseen force hit she again . she collapse on the floor . CUT to : ext . # 14 - night - later now a fully stake - out crime scene . 2 police jaguar sit park in front light flash . a ambulance . bobbies ascend a ladder to check the roof . medic bring liza out front in a gurney , rest quietly . 06/21/90 20 ext . backyard - the tree - night tootles , still cling to the top , kick at the rescue ladder rise to he perch . firemen surround the tree with safety net . tootles ( mumble ) think happy thought . lose my marble . think -- happy thought -- happy thought -- moira push : through the firemen look for Peter . inspector good appear before she . a pro from Scotland yard , all business and festidious manners . good the old man would not let my chap bring he down . he want you husband . ( he point up to the tree ) moira ( she look up ) Peter -- my god -- oh shit -- Peter -- with peter - ascending the rescue ladder hugging every rung , close he eye , afraid to look down . acute vertigo . tootles lean percariously out . peter ( terrify whisper ) easy , toot . take it easy . tootles lunge , clutching Peter like a drown man . moira shout ! firemen tighten Peter 's safetyline lowering they to the ground . ~ peter and tootles - descending tear stream down tootles craggy face . bravado go . tootles I forget ... how to fly ... we all forget when we grow up .... all forget ... peter tootles ? what happen ? where be Jack and maggie ? keep talk , okay ? -- just tell I , toot . where be they ? tootles kick and scream . Peter hold onto he for dear life . ) 06/21/90 21 tootles you have to fly . you have to save they . fly , Peter --- fly -- they touch down . tootles subside , catatonic again . medic sit he down in a chair check he vital . Peter pity the crazy old man at the end of he life . Inspector good shake he head in sympathy . moira rush to Peter -- both shell shocked . moira poor tootles ..0 oh , Peter , gran 's regain consciousness . she have a concussion . mild . not serious -- but she refuse to go to the hospital . CUT to : int . granny wendy 's ist floor bedroom - tight on wendy she slowly open she eye . Peter and moira hover over she . the young doctor tend . ; wendy liza -- moira it 's moira . liza 's go to be fine -- wendy e-- the child -- moira grip Peter , try not to break down . peter gran ... Jack and maggie ... the police be do everything -- wendy ( grief stricken ) I want -- everybody to leave -- leave -- the Doctor indicate they should go . Peter guide moira out -- Wendy tug he a : wendy Peter ..... you stay . Peter look to moira . " what ? " moira kiss he and leave . they be alone . Wendy point to the rag copy of Peter and_ Wendy on she nightstand . o 06/21/90 she shush 22 wendy Hand I my book , please - ~ peter what be go on , gran ? --~ he , take the old bound book from hin . wendy patience be never one of you virtue . you must trust I with all you heart for you will surely think I insane . ( grip he hand with surprising strength ) I know something be wrong tonight . I feel a chill I have not have since I be a young girl ... Peter , I know what have happen to you have to do with who and what you be . she start to nod off -- drift . Peter take she hand . peter gran -- what be say --| 2 wendy you do not remember . you memory be completely blank each spring you return .... to see I . she caress he hand tenderly , adopt the motion and voice of " Wendy the girl " . wendy I be ... special when I be young . no other girl hold you favor the way I do ... a bless or a curse ... I do not know ... I begge you to stay when mother and father adopt tootles and the other boy -- but you be afraid to grow up and be a man and go to a office and learn solemn thing ....- he know gran be delerious . she have to be . she have to be . wendy oh , I half expect you to alight on the church and forbid the vow on my wedding day . I wear a pink satin sash . but ... you do not come . I could not have you . when you be ready , I be too old ... so be my daughter , Margaret and Jane . you choose the best ... moira . 06/21/90 23 peter you just .... relax . i’ / will get she . he pat she hand . " Wendy " press he to she heart -- wendy no -- no I have try so many time to tell you -- ( clutching the book ) . the storey here be true . tootles grow up just like you . he go crazy try not to . he never forget -- ( she drift , lose it ) ... you forget the child inside you . you give up immortality in one world for the pain and joy of life and death in this one . now the world you leave have come to seek revenge . - ( dead serious ) -- only you can save you child . somehow you have to go pack -- think as a child -- believe in childish thing again -- become the child you be -- the child we all be once ... oh , Peter ... do not 'w ) you know who you be ? she turn the book to he -- plead -- willing he to see . tight on the book the original illustration of peter pan ! sword draw , stand in classic pose . head cocked back as if to crow ! Peter stare at it , stoneface . he look back to gran . she 's sound asleep . out cold . cuT to : int . hallway - night Peter exit granny Wendy 's bedroom , exhaust . moira be wait , run on fume . moira what do she say ? Peter embrace she , hold she tight , try to make it all go away -- but it win /t . } peter nothing .... she fall asleep again . she search he face -- hope , praying . the Doctor enter the bedroom . moira follow . o 06/21/90 24 int . dine room - peter enter he pour a double scotch and chug it . he pour another . cut to : int . dine room - later Peter and moira sit on a sofa . catatonic . wait . wait . Inspector good appear in the door . peter ( rack with grief ) Inspector --- moira wipe she eye try to make herself presentable . good Mr. and Mrs. ban -- the old go check out . we have wire the phone . 2 of my boy will be outside . the lab chap will analyze this -- he hold up the dagger and note . moira can not look at it . " dear peter , welcome home . . '' capt . jas . hook " good it 's entirely possible it 's all some . kind of ridiculous prank -- give the family literary history and what all -- moira and Peter do not want to hear this . . good we can only wait and hope , I be afraid . I be deeply sorry for you both . I assure you , Scotland yard will do everything we can to find you child . G / night . he tip he hat to moira - - nod to Peter and leave . moira , numb , begin to tiay up -- try not to think . glass crash to the floor startling they both . moira disentegrate in tear . finally let go . a ship in a bottle lay in piece on the floor . Peter pick it up -- transfix . a brigantine ! the ultimate pirate ship ! fade to : black 06/21/90 25 ext . # 14 - the nursery window - night - later dark. lifeless . int . study - tight on phone Dead silence . a near empty scotch bottle sit next to it . Peter pick the bottle up , still in tux pants , suspender down , now wear a golf shirt and sneaker . strung out . int . granny wendy 's bedroom - later Peter peek in . moira sleep in a chair beside the bed , hold granny Wendy 's hand . gran be out cold . int . dine room - later tootles be now curl asleep on a loveseat , clutching maggie 's teddy bear . the saddest face ever . youth go . wait to die . hopeless . int . nursery - later the door slowly open . Peter brace himself in it -- face the dark empty lifeless room . he hoist the near empty bottle for another pull . peter ( drunken slur ) hi kid , don’forget to brush ... tooth . he fumble maggie 's parachute off the floor and stagger to the window . he open the sash , swinging the window back and sit down on the seat . he look up into the starry sky -- as it to make a wish . close he eye tight , he break down . sob openly . a mystical breeze kick up dance the curtain . he look again . peter 's Pov - framed by the window - the sky one STAR flash bright -- move across the heaven . w~-~ faster , faster the light travel -- Peter scoff , wiping he tear -- peter whoa -- you be blast , ban . the light hurtle down at peter --a thousand time brighter than the nightlight -- through the window knocking peter flat ! zipping about , trail energy like a cosmic spider web -- oo o 06/21/90 26 the light topples book off shelve --checks every room in the dollhouse --then buzy peter peter retreat swatting at the strafing li into the adjoining bathroom he slam the door-- hyperventilate - his head throbbing in pain . ght -- he cover he ear . peter whoa -- bell -- what be that bell ? intense light glow through the keyhole . Peter peek . - through keyhole - tinkerbell ! we hand . her exquisite ich she figure can be he Pov the one -- the only . no longer than y' gown cut low and square " through wh see to best advantage " . puckish red hair pile on she delicate but pronounce head . flash green eye , point ear jangling with tiny rare gem . Ruby lip at full pout . tink it 's not the tooth fairy , sweetie . resume : peter peter ( non-pluss ) a talk faerie ?...- nayyyy - ~ with tink sass of vivien feisty . sexy - the class of kate hepburn - - the she pace in leigh with a large help of Carol lombard . mid-air . Major pixie-huff . tink I be a " pixie " . or can not you tell the difference anymore ? intercut : peter : peter ( go with the drunken dream ) I do not know any pixie . I do not e in faery . do you ? int . dollhouse ~ with tink e content of the tiny fridge in the she rummages th kitchen . none of the food be real and she be starve . 06/21/90 27 tink you know everytime a child say ' I do not believe in faeries 's there isa faerie somewhere that fall down dead ! resume : peter : peter I do not believe in faeries !---- 0.c. , a horrendous gagging shriek --a thundering crash -~- int . bedroom - peter peek in he try to focus through he enebriate state . the dollhouse -- capsize on the floor like a mini-earth quake . tink lay sprawled under a tiny sofa -- do she best miss scarlett . her light flicker weak . she sneak a peek as Peter wobble to she . peter _ oh my God -- I think I kill it . tink ( vamp , suffer ) you do believe - - you do believe - - peter ( clutching he head ) I do not say that . tink you do too . now clap you hand clap . it 's the only way to save I . clap , Peter , clap ! peter ( clap under duress ) okay -- I be clap . just stop ringing -- tink you do not really mean it . and I -- the most important faerie in you life ? tink sit up -- livid . she straighten she gown , shaking herself all over and huff away through the debris - - tink you be scum , Pan . no card . no letter all this year . leave I for that Wendy ditz . what 's she get -- I have not get . hmm ? o o¢ 06/21/90 28 seethe , she pose she mini-body next to maggie 's barbie doll . see the competition , tink rip barbie 's head off . peter I have have enough of this crap , faerie . he head for the door , rub he temple . tink swirl around he check he out like a mad doctor - - tooth , throat - - flab on he belly -- tink you use to call I " tink " -- you never talk " can - can " . look at you . you be not the Pan who walk out on I . be this what happen when you grow up ? you be really out of shape . what be this ? Gross . yuk . ( pull he flab ) look at that bun . how do you expect to . fly with that ? you use to have great bun . ahhhh . you shave !??? tink shrink back in horror . peter see -- I be not Peter Pan ! tink release he , check she nail in the moonlight . tink oh-- fine then who 's go to fight Captain hook in the ultimate duel between good and evil and save you kid ? hmm ? who ? not I . no way . Peter sober for a millisecond -- stare hard at the faerie before he , try desperately to get she in focus . peter ( form each word with effort ) Captain hook ? how -- do -- you know about ny kid ? . tink everybody know hook 's get you kid , Peter . he 's wait for you . why else would I be here ? I have get a life . she splashes peter with fairy dust . he grimace , sputtering , spew -- then marvel at himself -- glow like a giant firefly turn he golden hand in wonder . tink yank he by the ear toward the window -- 06/21/90 29 peter '' owww ! where be we go ? tink " second to the right and straight on till morning . " do I have to draw you a picture ? neverland ! remember ? peter ( wave she off , weaving ) the crowd be terrible there in the summer . you have to stand in line for hour on all the good ride ... ext . nursery window - continuing action tink coax he out on the ledge . he 's very shakey , tangle in maggie 's parachute . tink | we do not have ride in neverland . | grownup do not believe it exist . it 's a " stage " or a " syndrome " or a " delusion with no sensory or ob - jective evidence . " that 's a crock . dust can not cope . let 's fly . peter ( try to crawl back inside ) : fly ? uh -- I be afraid of height .... tink ( pull he back ) you forget that too . just close you | eye -- think happy thought . : | | peter ( shrug , close he eye ) well -- as long as I be hallucinate --- a neighbor open she window across the garden -- . neighbor be you quite alright , Sir ? peter no -- I be Peter Pan -- this be miss Bell . he point . tink duck behind a curtain . : neighbor a ) ( humoring Peter ) yw oh--yes . be not she pretty . do not go anywhere -- I /11 be right back -- 06/21/90 30 the neighbor disappear . Peter sour , chastise . peter you can not really see she . do not encourage a drunk ! he lose he balance -- and fall off the ledge ! peter plummet at US ! yelling . the little shower ring fix to the harness fapping he in the face . he yank it ! the ground rush up -- peter snap to a halt=--hanging limply . bedsheet parachute open above he . he whoops . it work ! he begin to ascend . tink hang onto the sheet with both hand , wing buzzing , struggle to gain altitude . tink | gahh - - you gain weight , " lardo " . ugh . peter ( eye close , kick ) I hate to flyyy ! I be go - to- be-sick - - aay ) tink ad you know you should not drink and fly ! the odd couple ascend into the starry sky . the neighbor return to she window , on the phone . neighbor yes -- another one . he 's on the ledge -- the ledge . empty . she look down . nothing . she look to the nursery window -- suddenly startle . tootles be there -- stare up at the sky . 2 bobbies hurry into the backyard -- bobbie here now -- what 's all this -- the neighbor point to -- tootles smiling . hope have return . he point at the sky . everyone look up . for .. a shoot STAR light the universe for a flash . mythic . follow the shoot STAR to darkness . CUT to : black '' , 06/21/90 31 fade in : ext . sky - morning - looking up true blue . almost too perfect . gull cry . ext . forest - morning - GOD 's Pov = looking down a familiar bedsheet be tangle . in a tall tree . a grassy knoll . lush . manicure . peter ! sprawle lifeless . the view descend right to he face . no vital sign . whisper 0.c . a grimey boy 's hand check Peter 's pocket . a tatooe mermaid visible on the dirty forearn . ziggy ( oc ) be he dead ? another dirty hand drop a tarantula on Peter 's chest . it trundle up he neck and disappear . Peter do not move . ace ( oc ) yep , he 's dead . ziggy ( 0 c ) I god dib on he shooz . I god dib . Ziggy 's chubby hand slowly untie Peter 's sneaker . more dirty hand inspect and poke at he -- check he tooth . one try to pull Peter 's wedding ring off . stuck . a big hunt knife poise to cut - off Peter 's finger -- Peter snort --all hand disappear . foot scurry about . we hear o.c . '' shhhhh " ; whisper ; " shut up " ; " I see he first " . peter ( delerious ) Jack ... maggie ....run ... the groan of a bad night . his eye pop open . the bright sun hurt like hell . this be not bed . he sit up -- bad idea . his eye roll up -- he fall back clutching he head . : peter ( clean imaginary cotton off he tongue ) ohhhhgggg ~ -- tongue . whoa -- weird dream . he sit up ever so slowly . finger press to he temple , 's turn he whole body instead of he neck to check out he surroundings ..... a forest . dense. tropical . peter okay -- I ' be in ... London . hyde Park . I have get to get back to ... gran ? 06/21/90 . 32 mumbling , he negotiate a painstake process to stand up -- joint stiff -- muscle aches -- throbbing head -- finally balance like a wind surfer try to find he tack . he try to take a step , but it 's too scary . 0.c. , feet pad through the tree . strange bird call . peter hello ! ? his own voice hurt he head . 0.c. animal and creature answer with horrible screech and roar . Peter react , clutching he head . he manage to take some '' old man " step toward the tree -- whoosh --a rope snare cinch he leave foot jerk he upside down into the air . he Pov = upside down - twisting STREET kide rush from the tree , yell , pound on primitive but sophisticated weapon ( slingshot with scope ] , jabbing he , make rude gesture . Young savage . lord of the burb . they garb from many time and place . paint face . paint hair . a necklace of tooth -- earring . you worst dicken / rock 'o Roll nightmare -- the lost boy ? peter somebody help ! I ’m be mugged ! lost boy somebody help ! I ’m be mugged ! the lose boy mimic he cry -- laugh derisively . peter help ! policeeeee ! lost boy help ! policeeeee ! rufio push through rufio Police ? we be not get no stinking Police . a melting pot kid about 14 . Wild dark braid -- flash dark eye -- wear leather , wrist band make of human gold teeth . ziggy , the square off barefoot one with the " puckish " , face , freckle , chubby arm and flame red hair , give Peter another push --- ziggy I catch ’im , rufe , I do . stinko pirate . vy 06/21/90 33 rufio pop Ziggy 's nose between he finger like a gun . rufio duzz thu stinkin 's pirate get any gold ? he grab Peter by the hair stop he with a savage jerk . his stilletto spring OPEN . he force Peter 's mouth open -- probing he tooth with the gleam blade . peter ( glottal , gag ) I - be - not-a - pirate - rufio all grownup be scumgum Pirates ! peter ( total confusion ) itm a lawyer ! the boy shrink back , appal . rufio thatz worse , mon . kill the laywer ! ace , the kid with the mermaid tatoo , long hair , buckskin and crocodile vestment , spin Peter on the rope -- ace I first ! ziggy no fair . you go first last time . the boy load they bow and slingshot -- ready spear -- peter ( face reality ) okay -- this be a bad dream and it 's time to wake up -- right now . 1 --2 -- they all count with hin . peter / lost boy 33333333 ! lost boy FIRE a hail of projectile fill the AIR a flash of light zoom from the sky severing the rope peter crash to the ground { '' 06/21/90 34 the fusillade of dart and arrow dissect the foilage and tree behind he . a familiar voice boom -- tink just what do you think you be do ? peter sit up , rattle , watch the unbelievable scene before he . completely aghast -- tink flit back and forth pull ear , knock weapon down , wag she finger in they face ; kick ace 's butt with she faerie foot ; poke Ziggy in the eye -- tink do not you know who that be ? do you you know who you be shoot at ? you silly ass ! that 's Peter Pan ! everybody freeze . the name whisper through the boy . " Peter Pan ? " " Pan 's back ? " they all move to -- petern-sitting there on he bum , have a very animated conversation with himself , occasionally acknowledge they presence ~ ~ [ ( cary grant in " arsenic " and " baby " } peter I be not asleep -- so I be not dream . I be talk to " tinkerbell " and the " lose boy " in " neverland " ? Ziggy look he up and down -- awe and wonder . other boy crowd around . whisper . " it 's Peter . " " he come back . " ziggy ( melting to disappointment ) Bud Peter -- you promise you have never grow up . never grow up . Peter shoos Zig back like a annoyed parent . rufio sheet , mon , he look awful . he 's fat . he 's old . Peter react suck in he tummy , resent " old " . rufio you think this guy 's gonna make peace with princess ti 's gang 'a " skin " and lead we all against cappytan hook - -? | | | 06/21/90 the lose boy rumble in disagreement . rufio ( continue ) huh ? , look at he . he drool . if that 's pan-- princess ti 'o ]l kill he first -- then alla we . forget about hook . ace rufio 's right , tink . how be we s'pose to fight hook with he ? you sure you get thu right " Peter " ? swat at she like a mosquito . tink do you think I have risk this face [ she own ] to go into they world to get the wrong one ? tell I ? do you ? hmmm ? ( boy mumble " no " , " unhunh " ) he marry Wendy 's great- grandaughter ! he have a family , a mortgage and a few extra pound but he 's still we Pan ! ace married ? ziggy {blaspheny ) kid ?----0000 buggar . tink and hook kidnap ’em . we have to help Peter save he kid . get it ? rufio okay -- let 's see ’im fly --- or die -- ( palming he knife ) tink uh-- we be still work on that part . rufio laugh derisively . tink he 's just out of practice ! I can teach he . he will fly and fight just like the old Peter . he just forget . we have to make he remember . ace -- you can handle a sword . teach he . it 'il come back to he . he 's .... «+ erusty . 35 tink hover in front of Peter , plead she case . Peter o 06/21/90 36 rufio yank ace by the hair , remind he who 's boss . rufio " rusty " ? De guy 's junk . garbage . Peter shake he head wave they all away , mumble . ziggy wull -- if tink sez so , - mabee we can teech himb . rufio sling a rock --knocking tink against a tree . she drop , stunne cold . rufio do not listen to that faerie , Ziggymon . I , rufio , Lord of the lose , ban she pixie-bum . Peter stand , dusting off he tux pants he golf shirt , albeit tatter and tear . he 's calm -- resolute . peter i. figure this all out . this be what insanity be . I be lie in a hospital bed in a coma . this be what happen in one . it 's so real ... but this be not real . and neither be any of you . no offense . rufio not reel ? rufio street kick Peter in the stomach . rufio - how zat for reel , grandpa ? peter ( double over in pain ) owww --it--hurt ! rufio az much az this ? -- he slit the palm of Peter 's hand with he stiletto . Peter stare in horror . the blood come . this be real . he push madly through the lose boy in a complete panic , head into the jungle . ace the boy in pursuit . rufio hold up he bloody knife -- 06/21/90 37 rufio let ’im go , mon . the crocodeddle be hungry . let hooky kill ’im -- ( cruel laugh ) -- the great Peter Pan . guy 's a dick . he lead the lose : boy into the jungle . tink regains she sense in a major snit -- : rufio yo 's old boyfriend go that way -- ~- make kissy sound . the boy razz she . tink counter with a obscene gesture - - even for a faerie . she blur away . with tink - flying dodging in and out of tree at faerie-light - speed . with peter - running crash through vine -- dense undergrowth ; clutching he hand -- completely out of he head . he fall -- tumbling down a steep hill -- and skitter to a stop right at the edge of a high precipice . wave crash on jag rock 200 foot below . reveal : sweeping panorama - neverland - day it 's not a cartoon . it 's not a painting . it 's real . to the North 2 perfect rainbow arch over a high turquoise waterfall which tumble into a lagoon . to the South , smoke curl from a exotic carribean style indian Village . before he , the perfect pirate cove . hundred of pink flamingoe flood the sky overhead . he kneel , awed by the unbelievable view before he . a virtual dream come true .... peter oh ....- myeeee - god ... tink arrive . catch she own breath at the sight of Peter come to grip with the truth . tink eeseeeeee be you okay ? Peter ? Peter turn , " see " she for the first time . his heart racing . he can barely breathe . 06/21/90 . 38 o tink do you know where we be ? he nod -- unable to make himself say it . tink who be I ? peter ( fogge in , try to reason ) you be just ... a composite of all the girl and woman I think I be in love with in my life -- and I be under anaesthesia right now for brain surgery . ' ( seize up , defense fail ) tink be say it , Peter . say it . peter or you be real ..... " tinkerbell " . tink ( elate to hear he say it ) please to meet you . who be you ? peter ( take in the panorama ) , I just can not accept this . it 's not rational adult think . I can not 's believe this be ... possible . tink Children believe . tink wrap he cut hand with he handkerchief . peter ( bewilder ) : tink that 's right . Jack and maggie be here . cannon roar 0.c. echoing across the island . Peter scan the cove , search . peter that 's a 18 pounder - - 124 foot hull . she can do 14 knot under full sail . on 46 galley oar for ramming speed . 35 lo cannon -- where 's the ship ? a ( he stop , confuse ) my kid be onboard ? CO 06/21/90 39 '' tink think , Peter . think . what do you have to do to save you child ? '' it 's come . the word of granny Wendy . - peter ' " , .. think like a child , believe as a child , become the child I be .... tink ( willing it out of he ) '' clk cy '' '' eee see eee yes , peter. yes ! to do battle with Captain hook ! you 'il need a army ! and you sword -- not to mention fly --- peter just ... wait . whatever this be -- whatever be happen to I ~- I / m still I . I not fly . I be not go to i this hook person . I be go to go talk to he ... work it out ... like .... adult . another cannonade echoe . Peter hurry along the cliff . tink '' where do you think you be go ? peter to find this hook get my kid and go home . that be why you bring I here , be not it ? tink flit after he , talk non-stop , as they disappear down the jungle path . tink you always think everything be so +.»easy . hook be prepare for war . he plan it this way : the kidnap - ping -- everything . you be not ready . he will kill you . cuT to : ext . pirate town square - day a guillotine jut into the sky . blade gleam . it drop with a rush . we hear the sicken sound of contact 0.¢c . smee catch two cleanly severe halve of a watermelon place in the guillotine headblock . a small bowl ball of a man , with John Lennon glass and wirey hair bulg from under he hat , eat ravenously , spitting seed --- es ~ _ — = 06/21/90 40 C ) -- at a line of slave carry supplies to a launch at the dock . most be kide . the rest --malaysian & south american indian . bill juke , a big African pirate tatooe all over , crack a mean whip , drive the slave hard . ext . edge of pirate town - day Peter appear down the path . he slow at the sight and the mass of Pirates . the urgency of battle preparation can be see everywhere . Peter head into the square like he 's go to the bank . tink yank he suspender pull he back out of sight . , ext .. outbuilding - continuing action Peter land against a pile of mango . tink 's in a snit . tink where do you think you be go ? '' be all adult as dumb as you ? do you want to talk to hook ? do you ? or see you kid ? get a grip Peter . all that Pirates be get ready for you arrival ... the " great Pan " . a ) yee she look he up and down , disgust -- ' tink and look at you . you have get a little , horsey on you shirt ! | ( pull the " logo " on he golf shirt ) you ’1ll get 2 foot in that outfit . peter I have have just about enough of this . Peter dust he " horsey " , smoothes he hair and disappear around the corner . tink lean against the wall , check she nail , cursing in faerie speak . one second later -- peter dig back around the corner running for he life --a big ugly pirate right behind , slashing air with he wide cutlass . tink let Peter pass . non-pluss , she stick she dainty foot out directly in the path of the pirate -- he trip ! i tink snatch he hat . he smack headon into a brick wall . / cuT to : 06/21/90 41 ext . outbuilding - minute later " peter the pirate " peek around the corner . wearing the pirate 's outfit . even the eyepatch . tink peek from the brim of the pirate 's hat . '' tink you look good . peter I look stupid . where do we go ? tink point toward the dock . _follow peter & tink [ in he hat ] into the throng head toward a launch at the dock . tink loosen up . swagger . he 's , stiff , uncomfortable , pull at he pirate pants . his eyepatch cause he to bump into Pirates and thing . pirate sharpen cutlass on sparking grist stone and stack musket on rack . more drink flaming rum . one pirate 's face catch on fire . other laugh and point . Peter take in the 30 foot long stuffed crocodile hang above a sleazy bar aptly name " le croc " . the remain of a human right hand stick in its jaw . so that 's what happen to the tick croc . they reach the dock . slave hoist new cannon onto " gig " {small launch ] at the pier . slave roll barrel on deck under Bill juke 's whip . peter ( horrify ) they be just child . tink hook 's a scummy slaver . he make a fortune sell lose kid and Indians . Peter react . any of they could be he child . he march up the gangway onto the launch . the view climb : revealing : hook 's sleek dark brig at anchor in the cove . " a rakish look craft foul to the hull " . 2 body swing from the bowsprit . 06/21/90 42 voice roar from the ship like a football game . pirate ( 0.c. ) hook ! hook ! hook ! tight on peter rocked by the vision . the same evil craft float in a bottle back in Peter 's other life . tight on hook 's flag the cadaverous pirate hold the hour glass in one hand and a bloody heart in the other . chanting grow louder -- ext . hook 's ship - MAIN deck - continuing action jamme with pirate up and down the gunwale , hang from ~ rigging , fill the deck . stomping ! clapping ! just like a rock concert . the chant be deafening . pirate hook ! hook ! hook ! hook ! int . hook 's great cabin - day lavishly appoint . Art treasure . his great sword hang on a statue by Michelangelo . . we see hook in bit and piece -- like a puzzle be assemble . never he face . 0.c. , " hook ! hook ! hook ! " 2 indian maiden comb he long raven hair which be " dress in long curl ... like black candle , and give a singularly threaten expression to he handsome countenance " . ext . deck - peter climb aboard with other Pirates from the launch . he be overwhelm . tink get a bird 's eye view riding in Peter 's hat . . pirate hook ! hook ! hook ! hook ! hook ! intercut : hook and peter hook : a sash of gold and scabbard of silver and emerald be belt on . his cruel gleam seductive sword slide erotically into it . finger smooth he thin moustache . two cigar glow in he double holder . peter : a stadium - style pirate wave start at the bow rippling toward he -- he watch it go by to the stern and back up the other side . 06/21/90 43 tink why do I let you talk I into this ? tink plug she ear try to make the noise stop . hook : one maiden proffer the velvet gentleman 's box display all the cruel prosthetics and implement . hook choose -- he voice educate .... serpentine . hook platinum . elegant understatement with just the right touch of excess . hook insert the platinum claw with a decisive click . his back to we , he don he broad black hat . hook 's gleaming black boot ascend stair to : ext . quarter deck - smee appear first smee good mawnin’ neverlanddddd ! ( Pirates yell and scream ) -- let I introduce to you , the one the only really true -- vilest of the vile . darkest dream of faithful wife and pious woman . sleaze of the 7 Seas . badder than bad --- ( face the great cabin door ) captain --- jame --hoookkkk ! cannon FIRE one after another ! the great cabin door fling OPEN the hook flashss in the bright sun . a cheer erupt like nothing hear since " lawrence of Arabia and " Ben hur " . reveal : captain hook ! in all he evil splendor . a Super Star ! parade the quarter deck for all to envy and lust . barrie describe the fame Captain perfectly . " in the midst of they , the blackest and large jewel in the set ... James hook , or as he write himself , jas. hook .... in person he be cadaverous and blackavize ... his eye be of the blue of the forget - I - not , and of profound melancholy , save when he be plunging he hook into you , at which time two red spot appear in they and light they up horribly . " hook limber up with he lethal sword . 06/21/90 44 hook ' ( to himself , sardonic ) behold my multitude of ignorant flotsam . there 's not brain enough among you to count successfully from 1 to 2 . my body waste inspire more allegiance than the lot of you . I be maroon . where be you , Pan ? oh the eternal hell I endure for fame , that glitter bauble ... --- it be mine . hook bow , a matinee idol take a curtain call . ' tink lean down from the hat right in Peter 's face . she do not like what she see . . tink let 's go . now. okay ? can we go now ? peter , eye wide ; heart in he throat . his jaw limp . hook motion for " silence " . he get it . hook ( loud for all to hear ) my loyal , courageous , inferior crew . -- I have wait for many , many painful ' year with you parisitic scum . at last -- the day be here . reliable source have ' confirm -- Pan be back and hook have get he !! smee hoist peter pan in effigy on a pole . pirate cheer . dook silence they with a " look " . hook at last -- the ultimate duel between -- a hacking cough 0.c. , stop hook in mid-gesture . uh oh . hook ( start again ) the ultimate duel between -- ( cough interrupt again ) the ult -- the hacking cough get worse . Pirates draw in they , collective breath . hook descend the step to the big i ) coughing pirate -- whipping he fine silk handkerchief from a , he sleeve - - offer it . the poor man reach for it -- sc 06/21/90 45 coughing pirate thanky , kindly , cap 'o --- hook let 's it drop . the man bend to fetch it . hook 's eye glow red . he ram he hook into the man 's gut . hook ( sadistic mirth ) -- God bless you ---( gedzundteit ] the bloodthirsty crew go berserk as hook hoist the man high on he claw and hurl he overboard . below , shark churn the water , feast . peter hang on the gunwale badly shake . tink tug he -- tink see enough ? let 's get out of here . peter wait .... not yet ...... hook " ahem " quietly . the hubbub stop instantly . hook now -- where be we ? ah -- " ultimate duel between good and evil " .... Dark and light ? handsome and ugly -- ( to himself - - to smee ) to the death ! and who shall win ? pirate , cutlassses raised high ----- pirate hook -hook -hook ! hook why ? pirate handsome-handsome-handsome hook smile . his tooth impossibly white . sparkle like marble . his baby blue 's shine . hook and what be hook ? smee ( blurt out ) good --good --ggg !!!! qo ) 06/21/90 hook wheel he gleam blade rear to strike . hook smeeeee ? smee good.. in a evil sort of way , Captain . hook only tweak smee 's nose with the blade . relief . hook once I have rid the world of Pan , I shall leave this place forever . and seek adventure where ... a man of my intellect and talent be ... appreciate . he pause dramatically milk the moment . hook who sail with Captain hook ! pirate roar in support . juke whip 2 indian slave to open the main hatch -- peter strain to get a better view . he be horrify . down in the hold child , score of they , chain to galley oar . the bright sun cause they to shrink like mouse . hand outstretech , begging , plead for food -- noodler , a bald - head ape of a man with he hand fix backwards on he huge arm , hoist a cargo net up from the hold . jack & maggie hang captive inside . terrify . clutch each other . too frighten to scream . peter --dy a thousand death -- mouth they name silently . a father -- helpless to protect he child . hook let 's give 's a warm welcome to Jack and maggie Pan ! hi , kid ! be not this fun ?!! jack let we go ! we do not do anything ! with peter pirate cheer around he , fire gun , add to he 46 horror . he try to push through . tink pull the seat of he pants . 06/21/90 47 tink no , you be not ready . do n’/t -- peter Excuse I -- pardon I -- come through -- . tink ( beside he ear ) listen to I -- you can not help they yet -- Peter bat she to the deck . tink dodge boot , stomping and kicking she about . she scramble into a cannon . peter push angrily through . peter ( yell for attention ) excuse I ! hulloo ! captain hook ! I think I be the man you be look for . hook face peter across the deck " High noon " . " gunsmoke " . " 7 samurai " . all head turn . Jack and maggie can not believe they eye . jack / maggie daddy ? it 's daddy --daddyyyyyy ! peter daddy 's here ! everything 's go to be all right ! hook ( disgust by the word ) daddy ? who be youuu ? peter I do not know who I be anymore or how this happen , but that be my child and I want to take they home . peter shed he pirate gear cause a major stir in he tux pants , sneaker , and golf shirt . tink can barely make herself watch from the cannon . hook regards Peter from afar . hook smeeeeeee ! smee approach like a dog who be not house train . 06/21/90 48 hook I order you to find I the one true Pan . any thought , hmmmmmm ? smee produce a leather pouch , pull out document . smee '' pan , p " , , .here we go . adoption papers . sworn affidavit by one " T Belle . " uh -- medical history . Dental record . birth certificate . Social Security -- it 's all in order , cap / 'o . peter ( distraught ) can I sée that ? hook silence Peter with a look that could rot egg . he motion smee to check Peter out . smee aproaches and pull up Peter 's golf shirt . Peter fight he ticklish spot . smee aye . here 's the scar . " hypertrophic " . right where you give it to ’im , cap 'o , during the Tiger lily incident . he 's Pan or I have get a dead man 's dingle . hook it can not be . this flabby -- flobby -- ( squinting ) be that a little horsey on he shirt ?!! smee ( check ) aye , cap 'o . a little blue one ! cute little thing . Peter flush red . Pirates laugh derisively . hook droops in profound dejection . hardly the " Pan " he envision . suddenly , hook 's old evil smile return -- hook hah ! up to you old trick , eh Pan ? you devil , you . think you could fool ole hook , huh ? disguise yourself , eh? trick I , hah ! stand back , scug . watch out -- he 'il fly ! hah ! watch ’im ! Ho ! -- jabbing , feint , slice the air , close the gap between they , try to draw Peter out . Peter stand motionless . hook stop , annoyed . 06/21/90 49 hook where be you sword ? peter I - -- do not have a sword . hook surely you do not expect a man of my breeding and intellect to kill a unarm foe ?.... bad form . hook lunge run he blade through the hilt of a pirate 's sword and , unfortunately , through the pirate . hook flip it through the air at Peter -- --twanging the blade into the mast beside Peter 's head . jack hold maggie tight . tink peek from the cannon , hand over she eye . hook prepare to die -- Peter Pan . hook assume '' en garde " . his sarcastic laugh echoing . peter listen , Mr. hook -- there 's be a terrible misunderstanding . I do not completely know how all of this ~ happen , but I be not try to trick you . this be no disguise -- this be I . I can not fight you -- I do not know how . i just want my kid back . Peter pull out he checkbook . peter now , if it 's money you need , name you price ... within reason . I will not press charge . tink bang she head repeatedly against the cannon wall . hook explode leaping the final distance between they ~-- impale the checkbook on he sword . peter okay -- Cash -- no problem . I do not have much on I -- be there a... cash machine ? hook slam peter against the mast -- the hook at he throat . his blue eye burn deep red-- he voice from the grave . a o 06/21/90 50 hook ( up close and personal ) do you mean to tell I -- I escape " death by crocodile " -- wait and suffer year of misery and boredom in this dreadful awful place -- nothing to do but kill Indians , chase dirty little boy and dally on the beach -- all for that special moment in time when I could fulfill my destiny -- -- assume my rightful place in history -- and this [ Peter ] be my reward ? ( he blue eye well up ) how could you do this to I , Peter ? how could you -- embarass I so -~? hook sag with major disappointment . humiliate . hook ( sheathing he sword , destroy ) I will not soil my steel with you blood . you ... you ... wimp ! kill he ! kill he dead ! pirate seize peter -~ smee tie he hand behind he . peter wait -- you can not do this -- - jack shake the net --scream . maggie convulse tear jack fight , dad , fightttt ! maggie dadeeeeeee ! follow peter Pirates prod he with sword and gaff across the maindeck . he stare in horror down a one way bridge . the plank ! peter this be crazy --! let my kid go ! hook kill they ! kill they all ! cancel the war ! I never want to hear the name " Pan " again ! jack & maggie drop from the net scream and kick right in the arm of noodler and juke . Pirates groan in dejection . oo 06/21/90 51 tink zoom from the cannon , buzzing through Pirates -- -- to hook -- watch on the quarterdeck . tink what about the name " hook " ? ? hook be you in on this too , miss Bell !? tink be this the kind of war you want to be remember for ? -- make a middle - age slobbo walk the plank follow by he kid ? be it ? hmmm ? be it ? hook when I want advice from a faerie , I ' 11 ask for it ! he swipe at she with he hook -- she dodge . it stick fast in the rail . he struggle and yank try to free it . tink you be a codfish and a coward ! tink hover in hook 's face , she dagger press right against he nose . hook ( cring ) hook ? a " coward " ? bad form . tink 7 . day --a week -- I /11 get he in shape -- smee i1evel a blunderbuss pointblank behind tink. standoff . smee it 's a trick , cap 'o . lemme blow she to pixie hell . tink ( punctuate with she dagger ) people the war of the zou peor the ultimate battle between the force of good and evil . that 's what they come to see-- indian , pirate , lost boy clash in brutal combat . action -- danger --feat of derring do . glory !..... hook versus . Pan ! hook --- that --- be not " Pan " . ( point disgustingly at Peter ) 06/21/90 52 peter wobble on the plank , look down at the uninvite water 50 foot below . vertigo take hold . tink he will be . 7 day . think about it . tink direct hook 's attention to the crew , all wait on . the main deck in anticipation . tink look at you crew . do you want to be stick on the high seas with this bunch of psychos after you disappoint then . they 's 11 be antsy , moody -- no self esteem . I sure would not want they on my hand . pan the crew as hook survey they . antsy , moody , no self - esteem , major disappointment , let down , goal destroy , betrayed .... hook 2 day . tink 4.day . bare minimum for a decent " Pan " . hook 3 day . that 's my final offer -- ( whisper to tink ) we both need Pan , do not we miss Bell . be you sure you can deliver -- tink ( whisper back ) do a crock tick in the dark ? hook . " perish the think " -- then with villainous aplomb . hook after further consideration , in the best interest of all concerned , I have agree this so-called " Pan " will return in -- 3_day to commence the war between good -- ( thumbing he nose at Peter ) and evil - - to the death -- or -- the little rug rat die ... like ... like ... smee oeee fat ? hook frees he claw from the deck to shake on it . a cheer goe up from the Pirates on the deck below . 06/21/90 53 pirate hook ! hook ! hook ! gun fire ! pandemonium . smee pop champagne spew bubbly everywhere . peter inch he way back up the plank , try to look grateful . hook sneer at the other end -- hook go on -- whatever you be . get out of my sight . fly you carcass out of here -- hook jump up and down real fast on the plank -- peter catapult into the air -- suspend for a moment -- peter I can not flyyyyy ! tink - frozen in mid - AIR tink ( to herself , desperate ) he ...ca not ...fly .... 's peter --his sad face look up -- a failure -- he plummet into the sea and disappear . jack and maggie collapse into each other wail anguish . hook make he way through the celebration , unaware . he wave he hat ascend the stair to he cabin - - hook ( through he freeze smile ) I ’m.so depressed . Peter Pan ... ( depressed pause ) grow up to be ..... a wuss . he enter he great cabin and close the door . pirate hook ! hook ! hook ! tink circle above Peter 's point of entry , stunne . tink swim ! Peter ! you can swim can not you ? ( nothing , just bubbles ) I tell you you be not ready ! do not I ? do not I say that ?... damn you , Peter Pan ! CUT to : no 06/21/90 54 ext . under the sea Peter sink , struggle to free he hand , kick , slowly drown . he black out . a baby cry -- startling Peter awake -- life flash to : ext . kensington garden - day 1902 - baby 's Pov = day mother lean in the " pram " kissing she beautiful new baby boy . she be everything a mother should be . he coo and giggle the language of baby . mother be you talk to the faery , my little man ? Peter , you be youth -- | you be joy -- | suddenly everything be dark . thunder crack . rain pour in the pram . mother be go . a dark evil face lean in . eye | glow red . Peter scream -- lift toward the face -- hook who and what art thou ? resume : peter - drowning scream ! Water choke he lung . life flash to : ext . kensington garden - night - 1902 the infant peter wail abandon on a small island in drive rain and thunder . suddenly the tree be fill with twinkle light -- faeries , score of they , light around Peter hold leave to shield he from the rain . a young tinkerbell slide down he head . a smile . babytalk . tink answer he . he understand . giggle . cackle . resume : peter - drowning a giant fishtail rush by . high pitched squeal echoing ! Peter see something wonderful . he smile , reach out . life flash to : ext . london - aerial view - night - 1915 soaring past Big Bend then blur to a row of house on kensington road--landing outside a garret window . we know this window like the fondest memory of . childhood . 06/21/90 55 peter 's Pov - the darling nursery wendy age 15 , tell a story to a group of stuff animal . she suddenly sense she 's be watch . she face the window . she rush to we -- laugh - - cry -- . wendy oh -- Peter -- I know you have come back . I know you would . I never give up on you . resume : peter he drown ...... darkness consume US ..... mother ( vo ) Peter ? if you shut you eye and you be a lucky one , you may see a shape - less pool of lovely pale colour suspend in darkness . pale soothing color wash over US from the darkness --- __ - mother ( vo ) that 's it . if you squeeze you eye tighter , the colour become so vivid they must go on fire . just before they do -- you see it -- see it , Peter ? the color intensify , burning bright -- like the sun on the back of you eyelid -- a burst of fiery orange -- dissolve to : ext . lagoon - a fiery orange afternoon SUN a female silhouette block the glare . mother ( vo ) wake up , Peter . you must . tight on peter - glassy eyed stare no sign of life . skin blue and pale . he do not blink . his lip icy . webbed feminine hand lower a nautilus shell over he mouth and nose . turquoise lip blow gently into it . his chest heave -- he cough up water -- gasp for air ! peter mother ? peter 's Pov - the VIVID color take shape - angelika , the face of a angel , una , a husky temptress , and bab , turquoise lip and flame orange hair , fawn over he . they laughter be like tinkling glass . 06/21/90 56 peter be I ...dead ? angelika only if you want to be . he 's sprawle on a rock , he leg dangle in turquoise water , clothes tatter and tear . he see the maiden from the waist up . it 's a ample view . angelika and una caress he with langorous stroke . he 's embarass and arouse . angelika you be safe here , peter. forever ... peter you know who I be ? the 3 maiden laugh seductively . nodding in agreement . angelika oh , do not be silly . everybody know Peter Pan . peter -.- I really be ... Peter Pan .... bab of course you be . we should know . una we see what happen . we save you . hook 's so disgusting . angelika why do not you fly away ? peter i ga not fly . una yes you can . peter no .... I do not remember how . bab . well , why do not you fight then ? peter I can not fight . look at I . I be ...old -- angelika you be only old if you want to be . o 06/21/90 57 bab . you be strong . look at that muscle . she stroke he muscleless arm . Peter flush . unnerve . peter I - - do work out ... but I be not the same person I use to be . : babs grab he " love handle " on both he hip -- bab ohhhh -- you be perfect . angelika see for yourself . the water do not lie . she smoothes a water surface to the stillness of glass . angelika the lagoon reflect what 's inside of you . what 's inside of everyone . in the water stare back at Peter be a boy -- age 12 or 13 . Peter at that age . mischief in he eye . Hair wild . body lean --muscular . he touch he face . the reflection do too . Peter slowly grin -- so do he image . he be awestruck . angelika the child be there , Peter . you just have to find it . angelika 's form blur past he kerplopada ! right in the center of the reflection . she have a tail ! babs and una follow -- they sleek fish - tail form knife into the water . he hurry along the rock jetty in pursuit . the 3 mermaids cruise beside he , splash , laugh , flirt , display they incredible form . peter wait ? how do I find it ? una ( blatant solicitation ) I have love to show you , Peter . bab ( flaunt she asset ) it 's my turn to show he . let I . CO 06/21/90 58 angelika the choice be Peter 's . he 's a big boy . they ogle he like a hunk at the beach . Peter , embarass , stop suddenly at the end of the rock . under double rainbow , the magnificent lagoon spread before hin . panormama - mermaid lagoon - sea maiden and mermaid cavort with dolphin , leaping in review for he . sunning they incredible form on the rock raise up to see Pan . near the waterfall , mermaids play a kind : of basketball with brightly color bubbles and giant clamshell goal at each end visible in the spray . ( right out of barrie } all call he name and wave --- mermaid hi , Peter ! it 's Peter ! he 's back ! <+- chant in high pitch dolphin-like voice . a cacaphony of the most wonderful feminine sound -- una come on in , Peter . bab jump ! jump , Peter ! angelika c’mon , Peter ! we be wait for you ! Peter look around like a 12 year old kid to see if he parent be watch . he find we -- peter ( naughty devilish grin ) I think ... i’ / m have a happy think . no kid ? he leap ---yelling all the way down -- a perfect cannonball into the school of ador mermaids . cut to : ext . kidd cove beach - sunset the lose Boy camp sit on a bluff . a tangle of haphazard treehouse , rope ladder and underground hideout . a 2 masted sloop that have see better day rest on launch block at the edge of the water . haphazard repair and renovation evident . a nameplate ; " the dark avenger " .