hope and glory hope and glory a original screenplay by John boorman fourth draft . 1986 copyright ( c ) 1986 John boorman . all rights reserved . int . rohan house - back garden - september 1939 - day colour raking down a line of suburban garden light by a late- summer sun . head move back and forth above the fence that divide the narrow strip of land , move to the sound of unseen lawn mower . in one of this garden two child , bill ( age eight ) and he sister sue ( age six ) disport themselves . they be sprawle out on the lawn , head and hand intent on something hide from view in the lush vegetation of a rockery garden . beneath that flower and plant be a dark and mysterious forest , shade by huge leave , and break up by tower boulder . mounted figure of medieval knight ride in , guide by bill be gigantic hand . a wizard appear in the path of the rider who draw up sharply . bill give a impression of neigh horse . sue be face loom up between large leave . she make the sound of spooky wind . int . rohan house - dine / live room - day in the penumbra of the room , the mother , grace , in droopy flower frock , cross , float towards the walnut wireless and , with tremble hand , switch it on . its green dial glow with station like droitwich and hilversum . she glide back and drape herself behind a armchair in which she husband , clive , sit solemn and motionless . ext . rohan house - garden - day the sound of the lawn - mower cease abruptly . bill look up sharply . the neighbour ' head come to rest on top of the garden fence . they turn , listen . bill incline he head towards the french window , sense the dread moment . he walk towards the door and be frame there . he regards he parent . int . rohan house - dine / live room - day they look back with unsee , inward - turn eye . Young bill gather confuse fragment of the fateful announcement . chamberlain ( v.o ) ... that assurance ... by eleven o'clock ... a state of war ... that this country ... at war with Germany . the boy catch he mother 's eye . she smile en embarrassed smile . the boy be embarrassed by she embarrassment . his father 's glassy solemnity anger he . in the garden , sue sing . sue ( o.s. ) ( sing ) flat foot floogie with a floy floy . bill turn to he sister . bill stop that , Sue ! clive be startle out of he funereal reverie . bill she just sing it . she do not know what it mean . a older sister , dawn , a tumescent fifteen , stumble into the room in a nightdress . dawn where be my stocking ? I can not find my stocking ! her mother , grace , interrupt she with outstretch arm . grace Dawn , darling . they have start a war again . grace say it as though announce that dinner be serve , but she voice be tear by a sob as she hold dawn in she arm . grace ( whisper and sobbing ) we must not frighten the little one . dawn be appal by she mother 's display of sentiment . she wrench free . dawn I do not care ! I want my stocking ! clive get 's up , blaze . he seize dawn and shake she . clive stocking ? War ! do not you understand ! War ! dawn I do not care ! clive War ! War ! grace insert herself between they . grace clive . do not . Dawn , please . ext . rohan house - garden - day bill call out from the garden . he be jump up and down , point at the sky . bill german plane ! german plane ! they run out . grace sweep little sue into she arm , bure she face in she bosom and rush back into the shelter of the house . dawn and clive scan the sky for plane , there be none . bill I do see they . I do . dawn he 's the worst liar . dawn swing a fist at bill and chase he inti the room , raining savage blow upon he . int . rohan house - dine / live room - day Father be white with rage . he seize they , one in each hand . mother cower with sue . clive this be the fruit of my loin ? dawn lunge at bill . the grandmother enter , tall , frail , elegant , ga-ga , deaf . grandma be it peace in out time ? grace ( shouting ) no , mother ! it 's War ! War ! grandma or what ? grace : War ! War ! War ! the wireless begin to play ' God save the King ' . Father immediately let go of the child and stand rigidly to attention . the other simmer down and shuffle into stiff and still pose . grandmother , who perhaps cannot hear the anthem , be baffle , shake she head . ext . rosehill avenue - day the siren sound . a shocking blast of noise , the sicken ululation of the air-raid warning . they call out over the row of bow - fronted semi-detach , lower- middle - class house . some of the occupant , more dare or more confuse than they neighbour , burst out of they front door , turn in frenzied circle , craning at the heaven . int . rohan house - day the rigid family once more jerk into movement at the sound of the siren , look forcefully out of the french window , hide under the table , clutching each other . the siren stop . they wait , anxiously . silence . even the bird stop sing at the wail of the first siren . this be perhaps the worst moment of the war , the first moment , when war be still a unknown dread thing . the siren again , but this time , a long sustained note . clive that 's the all -clear . test . they be just testing . ext . rohan house - garden - day clive walk tentatively into the garden , look up , shield he eye against the sun . the other join him , one by one . grace such a beautiful day too . all search the clear blue sky . the sound of the lawn - mower start up again where it leave off before the war . sue ( sing ) flat Foot floogie with a floy floy . int . cinema - day black and white a Ministry of information film advise and demonstrate how to glue strip of paper to window to avoid fly glass , and how to construct a air-raid shelter . on the soundtrack , in addition to the patronize commentary voice , be the sound of hundred of scream child . bill and sue sit among the child 's matinee audience . the child pay no attention to the screen , but fight and shout , throw thing at each other , jump over seat , cry , wander up and down the aisle . the soundtrack change to dramatic music and a transformation take place . all movement and talk cease . hundred of rapt face stare at the screen where hopalong cassidy ride into action . ext . rohan house - garden - day colour clive have put a Anderson shelter at the end of the small garden , he be shovel earth on to its humped corrugate metal roof . his friend , mac , be watch he . clive go to put a rockery garden over it , Mac . bill 's voice echoe from inside the shelter . bill ( o.s. ) dad . it 's full of water again . clive and mac peer in to see the boy splash up and down , water over he ankle . he clutches he submerge foot in mock agony . bill crocodile ! aah ! clive the sodd water table . mac could you seal it over with hot pitch , clive ? caulk it like the hull of a ship . clive ( caustic ) thanks . I hope you can come for the launching . int / ext . rohan house - kitchen / garden - day the window be criss -cross with brown paper . Beyond , in the garden , mac have take off he jacket and be shovel earth onto the shelter . bill walk barefoot towards the house , carry he wet sock and shoe in he hand . molly it 's not fair on they . it 's selfish to keep they with you . grace my aunt in Australia have offer .. bill sit on the step at the half - open kitchen door and wring the water from he sock . sue come in and grace signal molly to be circumspect , but she blunder on . molly snap it up . great chance for they . lot more future out there . bill listen , talk it all in . grace watch little sue waddle out carry plane . grace it 's so far way . I could not bear it . molly kid do not care . you be think of yourself . grace turn away . Fighting back tear . molly impulsively take grace in she arm . molly I do not mean it like that , Grace . why do it always come out wrong ? grace I know you mean well . molly laugh and hold she at arm length . molly there you go again . you be so bloody nice . I want to shake you . she do , mock serious . grace nothing will ever be the same again , Molly . and the funny thing be , I be glad . molly look at she , surprised . molly now you be talk . sue listen to this , see bill on the step and give he a question look . he shrug , try to conceal he anxiety from he sister . int . rohan house - dawn' bedroom - day dawn lie in bed , head bury in pillow in that deep of all sleep , the Sunday morning adolescent lie-in . bill shake she , jump on top of she , imitate a air-raid warning , try to pull off the bedclothes but she hold they tight . bill there 's a soldier at he door , look for you . she whip back the sheet , wide awake . one look at he face be enough to see that he be lie . dawn you be the biggest fibber . bill it 's dinner time . it really be . Cross my heart . she snake out a arm and pull he into bed . she roll on top of he , tickle he and smother he with kiss . dawn if there 's no solider , I will have you instead . he giggle and struggle , get into a panic , but she be merciless , will not stop . finally he start to cry . she leap out of bed , disgust with he . dawn Cry baby bunt . int . rohan house - grace's bedroom - day clive rummages in the wardrobe , chuckle to himself . he find he Sam browne belt and Army cap from the first wold War . int . rohan house - live room - day molly and grace and grandma have ' gin and its ' , the man brown ale . they be in high spirit . sue be do a puzzle on the floor . molly shout into grandma be ear . molly few bomb might wake up this country . grace fill mac be glass in a tender gesture . a look pass between they . molly be a friend and wife , they love and suffer in common . dawn appear , wear a defiant slash of lipstick . grace I doubt if a few bomb would wake up Dawn on a Sunday morning . dawn this phoney war get 's on my nerve . if we be go to have a war , I wish they would get it start . grace just ignore she , Mac . clive appear have stripped to the waist but wear he Sam browne from the first wold War . they all shriek with laughter . clive , encourage by this response , do drill movement and then demonstrate how to salute . clive there be many way of salute .. ( he demonstrate . ) .. a old soldier insulting a young subaltern . his hand fly to he forehead , gouging the air , the salute transformed into a obscene gesture . more laughter . clive as a officer , you counter that with one of this . he raise he arm slowly and languidly until he limp hand just brushes he temple . a faraway look in he eye disdain any acknowledgement of the insulting salute . a tiny skirmish in the class war . bill and sue swing on the leather strap of the Sam browne . they want he to stop . they sense something dangerous , alien , they father in a unfamiliar role , another person . the wireless have be on all this time , play music and now come the chime of Big Ben . it be news time . the adult be suddenly stock -still and serious , leave the child strand in a excited state .. newsreader ( v.o . ) here be the news and this be alvar lidell read it . the child be tell to be quiet . the room become a frieze of portentous concentration . ext . rohan house - garden - day bill slip into the garden , look up at the leaden sky imploringly . bill come on . come on . the news bulletin filter out into the garden . Norway have fall , perhaps , or churchill become Prime Minister . int . rohan house - dine room - day the meal have be eat . they be animated again , but more reflective , dawn be wind wool with grandma . bill and sue have also leave the table . bill be look at the Sam browne , now sling over the armchair , with its tangy smell of deep polish like shiny milk chocolate , a mysterious icon of war . the conversation at the table drift over to he . mac ... it be a toss -up . his company go to India , mine go to France . flip of a coin . clive ...two Indians to fan I all night . the heat . mac .... bury in a shell - hole for thee day , while he 's out there play polo and stick pig . grace it be the best time of he life . mac how many of we class leave ? you and I out of twenty - eight . clive and Jim . mac what 's leave of he . he will never see outside of the Star and garter . bill sink he tooth into same browne . he bite hard and be pleased to see that he tooth mark go quite deep into the leather . clive I ride into battle ... dawn , wind wool , know this speech by heart and mime it silently with she father . clive ... on horseback , with a draw sword , lead a battalion of gurkhas against the Turks . grandma watch dawn be move lip and strain to hear . grandma I can not hear you . molly and where be the Turks ? she also know the story . grace no Turks . clive we do not know that . it be a suicide mission . machete against artillery . volunteer only . grace they would go . molly saw clive come . they all have a good laugh at clive's expense and he take it well enough . bill drift over to he lead soldier spread out in a corner of the room . they be a eclectic mix of cowboy , Indians , the medieval Knights , as well as modern militia and a few farm animal . clive we all have to write a last letter home . grace and it be the last . have not write a letter since . not even a birthday card . bill set a mount knight against a clutch of modern infantry . mac it 's not like when you be in it . just young boy spilling they gut in the mud . dawn what be they like , the Germans , when you be a prisoner of war ? bill look up with interest . the other fall silent . mac most of they be very decent to I . molly I wish you would not go say that . you will get into trouble . dawn you can speak german , can not you ? mac a bit . dawn say something . I want to know what it sound like . molly certainly not ! mac in de ganzen welt die meisten leute sind dumm . molly not so loud ! int . rohan house - dine room - day later . the two man be in post - prandial sleep in the armchair on either side of the fire . sound of wash up and woman 's voice come from the kitchen . bill walk up very close and examine the two warrior from the great War , or the first wold War , as it be now come to be know . they mouth be open , slack . his father 's false tooth click up and down as he breathes . mac shift he backside in he sleep to let a fart up from the side of the leatherette armchair . bill look at clive 's mottle skin , the stubble , the sagging epidermis around the eye . he go to the mantelpiece and take down a silver - frame picture of he father as a baby - face second lieutenant wear that same Sam browne . bill hold the picture next to he father 's snore face . once again , a new bulletin begin on the ever-play wireless . bill dad , the News . it 's the News . clive stir . clive go off and play , son . bill shake he . bill but dad , it 's the News . clive thanks , son . I can hear it . I be not sleep , just close my eye . bill be confuse . he still feel it be he duty to wake he . bill ( shouting ) the Germans ! they have land ! grace and molly appear at the door , alarmed . the man sleep on . bill only joke . int . rohan house - children' bedroom - night bill and sue be in two bed , side by side . between they be a crystal set and they be share the earphone listen to itma or much bind in the marsh . they door be half open and a gust of shot and cry rise from below . bill get up and go to the door . int . rohan house - hallyway and landing - night bill and sue venture out on to the landing and peer through the banister to the hallway and front door below . int . rohan house - hallway - night mac and molly be leave , as clive and grace help they on with they coat . they have have a few more drink , and be make sentimental farewell . molly bloody gin . always make I cry . mac get some wire cross . only weep when she 's happy . grace you be make I start now . mac embarrass she . mac now , now Grace . he turn to clive and take he by the shoulder . they be both quiet drunk . mac root it out clive ... the think of it , before it take hold . clive weed will grow , Mac . mac consider Grace , the kid . I love they like my own . and you . clive kiss I hardy . as he mention the child Molly wail anew . molly why could not I have the kid ? be he sit up there ... say ... " Grace , yes ; Molly , no ? " grace hold she tight . grace better off , Molly . what 's to become of the poor mite ! sue be face crease and tear well up . bill put a protective arm about she . mac you be a mug , clive . we do we bit in the last lot . clive if King and country call , Mac , you go as soon as I will . mac be face go white with anger . mac what do we know ? we be seventeen . clive ( with a far - off look ) I hear the drum and fife yesterday , Mac , march past . make my hair stand on end . I think , I have be asleep for twenty year . mac want to hit he . he turn away , tremble . mac go the Hell . he put a arm about molly and plunge into the black - out dark - winter - night . as grace turn back , she glimpsis the child on the landing above . grace do you know what time it be ? go back to bed , this instant . they dart out of sight . int . rohan house - children' bedroom - night bill and sue slide under the bedclothes . sue be whimper . bill we be not go to be like they when we grow up . we be not even like they now . he pick up the earphone and twiddle with the crystal wireless . it be the News again . bill fiddle with the lead soldier , he eye get heavy . ext . battlefield - day black and white infantry advance as shell bust all about they . clive and mac push forward , side by side . mac be hit , go down , cry out for help , but clive do not seem to notice . a muddy field . silence . aftermath of battle . bill search among the dead . they be half - bury , cover in mud , all one texture with the earth . bill find clive and mac , lie side by side , dead . he be quite unconcern , pull he father 's Sam browne which slip off easily . he wipe the mud away and start to eat it . it seem to be make of chocolate . ext . suburban STREET - day colour a 1938 vauxhall 12 be park outside a recruiting centre . a boisterous crowd of young man mill about , pass in and out , encourage each other , cheer each new man who step out a soldier . next door be a pub and there be a continuous exchange of customer between the two establishment . bill and sue wait inside the car . she be whining in the back , suck she thumb . bill sit in the drive seat , pretend to drive , make all the right noise . sue he 's never go to come back . he 's go off to be a soldier and mummy do not even know . bill it do not matter , I can drive the car home . sue you would not . bill would . sue you could not . bill could . clive , arm in arm with a pal , come out of the pub and over to the car . he get in after much handshake and back slapping . clive sorry , kid . join up . I need some dutch courage to tell you mother . the pal open the passenger door and lean in . pal never say die ! clive steady the buff . pal up the arsenal ! clive lean across and slam the door close . the pal wave at the window . clive pull away . the pal run alongside , wave . clive laugh and wave back . clive he 's one of the best . still the pal keep up with the car , run frantically . sue daddy you shut he hand in the door . the pal jump on the run board and crouch there , red face , eye bulg . he wave desperately at the window . clive the silly bugger . he pull up the and open the door . the pal clasp he hand and writhes in agony . clive you silly bugger . we be try to win a war and you start off by shutting you finger in the bloody car door . int . rohan house - garage - day clive be put the car on block , take off the wheel . bill help he . clive that 's it for the duration . ( run a duster over the bodywork ) I shall miss the old girl . pop in and give she a polish , billy boy . just now and then . a car need to be cherish . grace have appear at the door and hear some of this . grace have Sue get it right ? clive what 's that ? grace you join up . clive oh , that . grace I wish you could have tell I yourself . ( he take Grace in he arm . ) oh , Grace , it 's not for long . they say it will be over by Christmas . clive laugh and tickle she , try to get round she , keep it light . grace laugh despite herself . bill make a face , disgust by the show of sentiment . grace do not be so daft . Act you age . ( extricate herself ) I can not cope on my own . I would better let the child go . ext . rohan house - garden - day clive lead bill out on to the lawn , go down on one knee and put he hand on the boy 's shoulder . he look solemnly into he son 's eye . clive billy boy . before I go , there 's something I want to tell you . you be old enough now . it 's time . ( produce a cricket ball from he pocket . ) the googly . you hand be too small to master it , but not to start practise . anyway , I be go to pass on the secret now , father to son , in case anything happen to I . ( demonstrate ) you know the off-break , right ? he flick the ball out of he wrist . bill nod . clive and the leg-break ? bill know that too . the ball come out of he hand , spin the other way . clive now , the googly look like a leg break , but it 's really a off break . get it ? like this . bill it 's like tell fib . clive that 's it . when you tell a lie , you hope to get away with it . when someone else do , you want to find they out . a good batsman will spot a googly . a good bowler will hide it . always remember that , son . bill flick the ball this way and that , experiment . clive watch he tenderly , a moment of perfect harmony . he fold bill in he arm , hold he fast . ext . rohan house - front door - day bill swing on the front gate look back at he mother , sue and dawn bid they farewell to clive in a confusion of tear and force gaiety . ext . rohan house - front garden - day clive finally stride away , head high , a military spring already in he step . behind he grace shut the door as though close a chapter of they life . bill dad ! dad ! clive , now some twenty yard away , look back . bill throw the cricket ball and clive catch it neatly . he smile and march down rosehill Avenue . bill be puzzle as clive show no sign of return the ball . he call after he . bill dad ! clive be now eighty yard down the street . he suddenly turn smile broadly , and with a prodigious throw he send the ball in a high arc towards he son . bill juggle he position , cup he hand , get under it as the hard , heavy ball hurtle downward . at the last moment he lose he nerve and jump back , let the ball thump onto the lawn . he look towards clive , full of shame . bill be relieved to see that clive have turn the corner . int . rohan house - live room - day bill wince as he and sue be pass from hand to hand , hugge and kiss by many female member of the family - dawn , grandma and grace's three sister , faith , hope and charity . molly be on hand with mac , the only male . on the table be the remain of the farewell party , a iced cake , balloon , gaudy wrapping paper . encourage cry fly about . " be not you lucky ? " " be not it exciting ? " " I wish I could hide in you suitcase . " from the smother embrace , bill cast a plead look to mac who reach out and haul he from the woman . mac you survive that . the war should be no problem . grace tie a label to bill be lapel . it declare he name and other detail . grace time to go . she lead the child out mac follow , carry two suitcase . ext . waterloo station - day mac and grace lead bill and sue into the concourse where hundred of child be assemble , each wear a identification label . the noise be overwhelming . the organizer shout into megaphone . one buy have faint and be put on a stretcher by St. johns ambulance man and , to get through the crowd , they hold the stretcher above they head . the boy recover , sit up and wave to he friend . the parent throng behind the barrier and they follow he . women' voluntary service ( w.v.s ) volunteer stand by . w.v.s. woman Australia ? grace nod . the w.v.s woman examine the label on sue and bill and check they against she list . the steam ad noise have suffocating effect on grace . w.v.s. woman say goodbye and pass they through . grace weep as she embrace sue . bill fight back the tear and turn away embarrassed when he mother want a kiss from he . bill I be go to miss the war and it 's all you fault . they be suck into the enclosure and quickly disappear among the throng of refugee child . grace try to follow with she eye , search for they hungrily . they disappear . mac flinch at the pain he see in she face . she lunge forward , and try to push through the barrier . grace I can not do it . what 's the point ? mac it 's just the wrench , Grace . it 's for they sake . he try to restrain she , but she break free . grace let I through , I want my child . w.v.s. woman no one go in there . you sign the form , do not you ? grace yes , I do . and now I want they back . w.v.s. woman too late . plenty of other would have be glad of they place . the w.v.s. woman and a arp man be forcibly hold she . mac can not bear to watch she pain . he leap over the barrier , gran sue and bill and hoist they out of the pen . bill be acutely embarrassed at the scene he mother be make . he struggle to get free of mac . bill let I alone . I want to go . I want to go . mac swing they over to grace . she snatch up sue and hug she . over the child 's shoulder she eye be draw to a poster depict a ghostly Hitler hover over a mother and she child . he whisper in she ear " take they back " . bill in front of everybody . they be all look at we . why do you have to do it ? grace be shattered , drain . she become calm almost dreamy . grace please yourself . ( turn to Mac ) let they go , if they want . mac Grace ! grace turn back to the barrier , which be still defend by the w.v.s woman with the clipboard . w.v.s. woman change you mind ? grace yes . w.v.s woman well , you be too late . apply again . on you head be it . int . rohan house - live room - night bill glue balsa wood wing on to a model spitfire . opposite he , across the dining - room table , grace be cut something out of the newspaper . dawn be school book be spread out on the table , but she have abandon they in favour of a dance lesson by Victor sylvester on the wireless . she steer she imaginary partner between the furniture , she face concentrate , try to follow the step . victor sylvester ( v.o . ) slow , quick , quick , slow . right forward .. leave together .. Three , four .. back together .. turn .. one , two .. Quick , quick , slow . grace cross the room towards the kitchen . dawn pass in from of she and she fall into step partner she daughter in the dance . dawn you know it ? it must be a old one . grace ancient . have you finish you homework ? dawn after this dance . she mouth the step , " forward .. quick , quick , slow " int . rohan house - kitchen - night grace pin the newspaper cut to a bulletin board which also display a ' war map ' with pin in it show the progress of hostility . the cut be a David low cartoon show a soldier stand defiantly on a rocky promontory look across a stormy sea towards France , say ' very well alone . ' she be deeply move by it . bill enter and watch she , sensitive of she mood , but he have a mournful duty . he take out the pin , represent the german Army in Russia . bill I have get to move the Germans to minsk . they have take minsk . grace lay a restrain hand on he shoulder . grace tomorrow . give they one more night of freedom . move they in the morning . int . rohan house - live room - night swirl to the dance music , dawn come face to face with the clock on the mantelpiece and register the hour . she dive for the wireless and search for another station . she be satisfied when she hear the stenorian tone of Lord haw - haw 's nightly propaganda broadcast from Germany . dawn Quick ! Lord haw - haw ! he 's start . bill scamper in . grace hover by the door . lord haw -haw ( v.o . ) .. the soldier like to wager among themselves , what day will the german army enter Moscow ? one thing be certain : much sooner than anyone think . from here in Berlin , listener in Britain , I can give some very definite news . there will be a bomber raid on London tonight , the fourteenth night in succession . look out for bomb if you live in carshalton or croydon . there will be incendiary attack if you live in fulham and hammersmith . and watch out in kew ; be alert in walthamstow . bill look at he mother , dawn get up and go over to the wireless , stare at it . bill that 's we . grace it 's just german propaganda . dawn he always know . grace half the time he 's bluff . a moment of dread hang over the room . grace summon she resolve and bustles over to the wireless and snap it off . grace Bill , off to bed . she give he a shove towards the door to silence he protest . she take dawn by the shoulder and press she into a chair and push she head into she homework . int . rohan house - children' bedroom - night siren be sounding , one after the other , some distant , some close , then the one at the end of the street , like dog howling in the night waking other dog . Three german bomber , a heinkel , a dornier and a stuka , fly in formation across the black sky . grace appear behind the model plane , which hang on thread from the ceiling , wake bill and sue and they stumble out of bed . int . rohan' house - stair - night grace lead bill and sue down the stair . they sleep on they foot in this familiar routine . dawn be still dress below , play dance record on the gramophone and finish homework . grace we better go to the shelter . int . rohan house - live room - night they open the french window and fierce wind cut into the room . dawn it 's freezing out . grace hesitates , then close the window . int . rohan house - hallway - night they squeeze themselves into the tiny space under the stair , close the door and light a candle . bill and sue complain irritably as they try to arrange they limb . the shove and push wake they up . grace give each of they a biscuit from a tin . dawn what would we do if a german come into the house ? grace do not be silly , Dawn . dawn well , why do you always bring the carve knife in here ? dawn pick up the knife , pretend to hear someone outside the cupboard door . she press she ear to the thin wooden partition . bill be eye bulge . he be half convinced . even grace look uneasy . sue , reacting automatically to crisis , pull on she red and white ' mickey mouse ' gasmask . suddenly dawn thrust the knife through a crack in the board . she make a blood curdle cry . grace slap she , amused , despite herself . bill seize dawn from behind and pull she back on top of he . they writhe and giggle . bill cock a ear . bill flak ! they be stock -still , strain to hear . he be right . the anti-aircraft gun have start up . they crisp ' crump ' sound get closer and more frequent . another separate sound intrude - fall bomb . the explosion be at regular interval , each one louder than the last . bill basket bombing count between the bomb two and three and four and five and six and .. the next bomb fall closer . grace why do not I take you to the shelter ? her hand tough and caress the child , as though weaving a protective charm over they . bill ... four and five and six and ... another , louder still . they sit tense and strain every muscle , willing the bomb away . grace if only I would let you go to Australia . bill ... and five and six and ... it be deafen , shaking the house . dawn the next one be ours . either it hit we or it go past we . bill ... and four and five ... dawn please God . not on we . Drop it on Mrs. Evans . she 's a cow . bill ... and six ... it drop , some way past they . they slump exhaust against each other . a fire - engine bell approach . the flask go on . dawn get up , untangle herself from the other . dawn I be not go to die like a rat in a trap . let I out of here . stagger out of the cupboard . dawn I be go outside . bill scramble after she . grace wait . do not . ext . rohan house - night dawn run out . searchlight criss -cross the sky . anti aircraft shell make little white puff in the black sky , the sound come much later . up the road , a house be blaze . a fire engine swing by . arp men run in the street . dawn dance in the tiny front garden . dawn Quick , quick .. slow , quick , slow . bill hesitates in the porch . dawn it 's lovely . Lovely . do little billy want to see the firework ? bill run out , see something by the kerb and pick it up . bill shrapnel ! and it 's still hot . he toss it from hand to hand . at the far end of the street , the skyline of central London be silhouett against a burn sky . grace suddenly laugh at the sight of the burn house down the street . she be shocked at she own reaction . grace come in at once , or I wash my hand of you . a shell burst right overhead and they duck into the open doorway . the four of they be frame there , look up at the savage sky where the Battle of Britain rage . bill watch enrapture . ext . the CITY of london - night black and white St. Paul 's site at the heart of the blaze city . ext . STREET - day colour dawn , in school uniform , ride off on she bicycle . bill and sue come out with satchel and gasmasks . grace watch they make they way along the street scar and damage by the night 's bombing . people scratch in the rubble to salvage they belonging . bill be eye be fix on the ground search from shrapnel . now and then he stop to retrieve a piece . sue dawdle along behind he , one foot in the gutter , the other on the kerb . bill look up as he hear a voice groan from a bomb site . sue be now some way ahead . the street be suddenly desert . he look back at the bomb-scarred house . the front of the house be go and flowery wallpaper be reveal . the voice cry out again , a panting , rasp moan . bill venture forward . now a woman' voice , groan . man' voice ( o.s. ) oh fuck ... oh fuck ... oh fuck ... a white hand and forearm stretch up from the debris . bill shift position until he can see two head , a male and female , press against a mattress which be lean against a break wall . he dart back on the street and look for help . the street be still desert . he hesitates , then run up the street for all he be worth . ext . schoolyard - day bill and sue be late . they run into the yard where the other child be already lining up in they respective class . the headmaster be a wizen welshman , too old for military service . he strut up and down . headmaster dress from the right ! he point a accuse finger at bill . headmaster late ! my study before prayer . they shuffle into they correct space . headmaster eye front ! keep still down there , you little one . it 's discipline that win war . inspect he troops . headmaster now quick march . Left ... right ... leave ... right . swing that arm . flash CUT : int . headmaster's study - day bill flinch and wince as the cane strike he hand . int . school assembly hall - day the child be praying , eye close , hand join . on the dais , the teacher , mostly woman , be line up . headmaster oh God , bring destruction to we enemy . make this young one 's true soldier of the Lord . guide Mr. churchill 's hand in the cun war . some of the boy 's covertly swap piece of shrapnel and cigarette card as the headmaster be tirade grow in passion , but bill be mesmerize and fearful of this daily rhetoric . he blow on he hand , shake they to alleviate the pain inflicted by the cane . headmaster let we righteous shell smite down the messerschmit and the fokker . flash CUT : int . headmaster's study - day bill be face , twisted in anxious anticipation , await the next blow . int . school assembly hall - day headmaster Lord , send troublesome dream to herr Hitler . let he not sleep the sleep of the innocent . and comfort we warrior at the front . brighten they sword , burnish they bullet with you fire . flash CUT : int . headmaster's study - day bill jerk convulsively and grin as the cane connect . int . school assembly hall - day the headmaster reach a climatic peak , then be silent , head sink to he chest . he continue , very quietly . headmaster we beseech thee , oh Lord , to have mercy on this thy child . flash CUT : int . headmaster's study - day bill suffer another whack . int . school assembly hall - day headmaster we dedicate we study this day to the war effort . int . classroom - day bill covertly show the welt on he hand to he neighbour as he and thirty other nice - year- old child be harangue by a large red-face woman , they teacher . she spray a lot of saliva as she speak . a coloured linen projection of the world be hang over the blackboard . she slap it with she cane , point to many country . teacher pink ... pink ... pink ... pink ... what be the pink bit , rohan ? bill stand up , still seek balm for he hand - he have they tuck under he armpit . bill they be ours , miss . teacher yes , the british Empire . a boy , harper , sit in front row and be in saliva range . each time the teacher turn back to the blackboard , the boy wipe he desk flamboyantly with a cloth , much to the spluttering amusement of he classmate . teacher harper , what fraction of the earth 's surface be british ? harper do not know , miss . teacher anyone ? a girl shoot up she hand . jennifer baker . jennifer two-fifth , miss . teacher yes . two-fifth . our . and that 's what the war be all about . Men be fight and die to save the pink bit for you ungrateful little twerps . the pinch little face find this notion difficult to absorb . they stare back blankly at the british Empire . a siren sound a air raid warning . teacher book away ! scramble ! they grab they gasmasks and run from the class , cheer . ext . schoolyard - day the child swarm to the shelter , which be long narrow concrete structure in sandbag to absorb blast . int . shelter - day the child file in mostly , laugh and chat . there be clatter duckboard on the ground afford cover from a inch or two of water . along each side of the shelter be narrow bench . the child sit face each other . the headmaster be steel - studd boot hammer noisily down the step . he raise he arm high . headmaster gasmask on ! they open up they case and pull on they mask . the headmaster conduct they breathe , . move he arm up and down to indicate a rhythm . headmaster slowly ... in ... out ... do not panic ... in ... out ... there be a hissing SOUND as they inhale , then a rasping comic raspberry as the air be push out of the side of the rubber mask . headmaster in ... out ... this mask be give to we to filter away abomination of the enemy . he march up and down in the narrow gap between the scabby knee of child . headmaster now , nine time table . one time nine be nine ... the child 's muffle voice chant the multiplication table rubbery gurgling sound merge from the gasmasks . Hidden behind he mask , bill finally give be to angry tear . he stick out he tongue as the headmaster pass by . headmaster two time nine be eighteen ... ( and so on ) ext . rosehill avenue - day bill and sue turn into they street on they way home from school , look lifeless and dull , but they face light up with excitement as the fifty - foot length of a barrage balloon suddenly rise from behind the house to the distant SOUND of child cheering . they sprint into they house . int . rohan house - day bill and sue run through the hallway and into the live room , scatter satchel , hat , gasmasks in they wake . they excitement be far too intense to explain to the startle grace . they burst out through the french window into the Garden . ext . rohan house - garden - day they run to the back fence . in the waste ground beyond the garden , where a further row of house be to be build when war intervene , bill and sue witness a team of mostly airwomen , ( wraf ) intent on launching the balloon some twenty women , each hold a tether , be pay out they line under the rhythmic command of they leader . there be a c able attach to the winch mount on a truck , and this be wound out as the balloon rise . the balloon have a comforting , humorous aspect , and the child laugh and giggle as they watch . newsreel black and white like a school of bask whale , barrage balloon fill the sky . it be a newsreel of the Battle of Britain . a dramatic scene follow : a dog fight between spitfire and german bomber . a patriotic , pun commentary , pulsate music . int . cinema - day colour grace and she three child be glimpse in they seat , watch . bill be totally engross , enthralled . out of habit , he simulate the engine noise of the plane and the clutter of cannon fire . suddenly a caption be superimpose on the screen : AIR raid in progress - you be advise to take shelter . grace lead they out . they shuffle up the aisle , drag they foot , watch over they shoulder as they go . bill can not we just see the end ? dawn they have get the real thing outside . bill it 's not the same . ext . rosehill avenue - day a number of people have come out of they suburban garden and look up at the pale- blue- winter sky . grace , sue and bill be among they . a squadron of spitfire be attack a formation of german bomber . they be distant black dot high above the barrage balloon . the plane wheel and dive and give a splendid display of aerobatics . be so high , there be almost no sound of engine or cannon and the feel of unreality be heighten . ext . rohan house - front garden - day one of the german plane be hit as the pilot leap from he burn plane and a parachute blossom and check he fall . grace draw the child back into the corner of the house as the plane crash . they creep out again . the dog fight continue but the german plane have lose formation and disperse . the battle have become straggly and be rapidly disappear from view . meanwhile , the pilot' parachute drift ever closer as he descend , cause great excitement . ext . rosehill avenue - day neighbour run in the direction of the falling airman . some women carry garden fork and other pick up rock on the way . grace and the child hurry back into the house . ext . rohan house - garden - day they go out through the back gate to join a excited throng of neighbour . ext . build site - day the pilot drift on to the wasteland where the barrage balloon bravely fly . people rush in from all side , as he make a elegant landing and gather he parachute . a crowd of woman , child and old men encircle he . he look no more than twenty - year old . the crowd watch every move he make . they edge back as he reach into he pocket . but it be only a silk handkerchief that he pull out . he wipe he hand , put it away . he move to a empty oil drum and sit on it . he cross he leg and carefully light a cigarette . his affect the great nonchalance as he smoke . a little way off a huge hoard give the impression of the house that be to be build on this site , a idyll of suburban bliss . the pilot look at the idealize family group on the poster and then at grace and she child . he smile ironically . grace England be so beautiful , and he have to land here of all place . finally , a rather age police constable arrive on the scene . the onlooker thrust he forward . he advance a few pace , the stop . hesitate , quite at a loss . he look at the pilot then back to the crowd . they egg he on . resolutely , the constable pull out he truncheon and step forward . constable now then . now then . the german pilot get languidly to he foot . the policeman retreat a pace . a titter or two ripple through the crowd . encouragingly , the pilot half raise he hand in the ' stick - they - up ' position , the cigarette hold delicately between the pale finger . it be a taunting but oddly gentle gesture . the constable take he by the arm and lead he off . the crowd open up to let they pass . as he do , dawn catch he eye and he wink at she . she give he a flirtatious smile . grace be horrify . she seize dawn and force she face against she own breast , hide she gaze from the lewdness of the enemy . int . rohan house - dawn' bedroom - night dawn be bent over , look between she leg at bill as he try to draw a stock seam up the back of she calf . he must continuously lick the brown crayon . she hold a hand mirror in such a way that she can see the progress of he work . dawn it 's crooked . rub that bit out and do it again . she cuff 's he and he resume . he stop halfway up she thigh . dawn well , keep go . do not stop now . he go higher , then hesitates again . bill nobody be go to see this far up . she leer at he . dawn do not be so sure . he blushes . she stand up and pirouettes , she flare skirt swing out , expose she knicker . dawn when I jitterbug . int . dance hall - night dawn , swinging as she jitterbugs with a young canadian soldier , bruce . they be good . he hoist she over he shoulder . they whirl and swirl . the music change to a slow waltz . bruce it be great for I , how be it for you . dawn a bit too quick . bruce well . now we can do it slow . be that some kind of stocking you be wear ? dawn they might be . bruce I mean , no suspender . they just kinda ' disappear up you ass . she slap he face . he hold up he hand in mock horror and back away . bruce quit it . help I someone . the girl 's beat on I . jeer and laughter from fellow canadian on the dance floor . dawn turn and walk off , head in the air , but not forget to wriggle she bottom as she go . bruce grin admiringly and stalk after she on tiptoe . his pal love it . ext . sky - day black and white a spitfire be attack by a german plane . the pilot twist and turn away , try to escape . the pilot be bill ! his eye bulge with fear as the enemy bullet rip into he fuselage . the rat - a- tat of the gunfire wake he up . int . rohan' house - children' bedroom - night colour bill open he eye , and they alight upon he model spitfire suspend on a thread over he bed . the cannon fire gradually resolve into a tapping on the window . blearily he get up and unlatch it . a dishevel dawn climb through , thread she way between the model airplane hang from the ceiling and step down over the table on which bill have he shrapnel collection spread . bill ( whisper ) mind that shrapnel dawn thrust a brass regimental hat badge in bill be face . dawn ( whisper ) I be start my own collection . bill ( impressed ) it 's canadian . where would you get it ? she pocket it and creep out of the door , smile smugly . int . rohan house - dawn' bedroom - night dawn pull back the cover and slide into bed , fully dress . she be asleep as she head hit the pillow . a distant siren start - up , warning of a air-raid . int . rohan house - grace's beddroom - night grace be instantly alert as the siren call to one another , come closer . she throw on she dress - gown , pull on she fur-line boot , pick up the ever- pack bag at she bedside and hurry out of the door . int . rohan house - children' bedroom - night grace shake bill and sue awake . grace Bill , sue. air-raid ! they tumble out of bed and into they dress - gowns like automata . int . rohan house - dawn' bedroom - night grace enter , shake dawn who do not respond . grace pull back the cover and be surprised to see dawn fully dress , wear make - up and with slightly crooked seam down the back of she leg . grace Dawn , what have you be up to ? dawn murmur she protest . grace pull she out of bed , but dawn crawl back in . dawn I be not go to that shelter . I would sooner die . int . rohan house - stair - night bomb be already fall . grace switch on a light and hurry down the stair lead she two child through the familiar routine . she call back . bill bump down the stair , on he bottom , half asleep . grace Dawn ! come down here ! shew start back up the stair , but be halt by a bomb drop close by . she run down again , scoops up the two little one and head from the live room . int . rohan house - live room - night as they approach the french window , another bomb explode very close by . before its sound be hear , there be a tremendous blast , which rip off the blackout curtain and send they float into the room . the window be torn out and most of the fragment glass hang limply from the brown paper that criss -cross the pane for just this eventuality . every loose object be hurl inwards . the room light flicker on and off and shell - burst illuminate the room from without . grace and the child be throw back against the wall , but before they hit it the process be reverse and the blast be suck out again . they be pull back towards the window together with the glass and loose fragment of the room . this all happen slowly as though the room be fill with water and the window be a reversible sluice gate . sue be long blonde-hair be first blow , then suck across she face . then come the SOUND of the explosion itself , which seem to have the effect od drain water from the room . the people and the bric-a brac all drop to the floor , dead weight once more . the child clutch they ear , scream . grace have one or two cut . she gather up the child , spread she blood on they , and frighten herself , confuse as to whom the blood belong . she wipe it away , cry out a desperate prayer . grace please , God . take I , but spare they . she carry sue and drag bill through the shattered french window , out into the garden and towards the Anderson shelter . ext . rohan house - garden - night two more bomb explode , further way , but still close enough for the blast to force they off balance . they stumble and fall , cover they ear against the pressure . they tumble into the shelter , step into several inch of water . the ack - ack keep up the barrage , and the exploding shell intermittently light up the sky . grace , mumble Dawn 's name , clamber out of the shelter to fetch she . grace see dawn come down the garden . she look daze as she stagger quite slowly with one arm wound around she head . as she get closer , grace see that she eye be glaze and she be moaning . grace lead she into the shelter and cover she with a blanket . sue be fast asleep already in spite of everything . dawn look at she mother accusingly . dawn you do not care if I die . how could you leave I there ? even if you do not love I ? dawn desperately want she mother to take she in she arm , but grace sit stiffly upright , unyield . dawn tell I the truth . you have to get marry , do not you ? because of I . grace the idea you get in you head . dawn that 's why you never like I . I be different from you . well , everything 's different now , so it do not matter . so there . finally dawn bend forward and put she head on she mother 's lap and cry , at first softly , the more bitterly . grace hold she and rock she at last . bill watch this , perplex , as perhaps he always will be , by the complex emotional interplay that pass between woman . int . rohan house - live room - day grace and dawn be clean up the debris . some plaster have fall and there be a pall of dust . they be sing merrily , glad to be alive , to have survive the night . outside the front window , bill and sue can be see , have venture out , eager to explore the damage do to rosehill Avenue . ext . rosehill avenue - day bill pick up shrapnel . several house have be damage , one heavily so . outside this house , a handful of people have gather watch the arp men as they comb through the smoulder ruin . two of they be work a stirrup pump as they extinguish a small fire in a corner of a room . some child come up to bill and sue . they be flushed and excited , burst with news . one buy , roger , blurt it out . roger pauline 's mum get kill . bill no , she do not . roger yes , she do , do not she ? he appeal to he companion , particularly to a girl , jane , a little older than the other . jane yes , she do . kill stone dead . roger you can ask she . ask pauline . he point over at the ruin house , and sure enough there be pauline , a girl of twelve . from time to time , a silicosis neighbour go over to she , offer help , but pauline shake she head and look away . she just 's stand there as though she mother have tell she to wait on that spot and not to talk to any stranger until she get back . the child drift across towards she and stop a few foot away . they stare intently , study she face . roger be not that right ? you be mum get kill last night ? pauline nod affirmatively . a boy throw a miniature parachute into the air . it open up and drop neatly at pauline be foot . roger there you be . I tell you . he jab bill in the rib , find a physical vent for he excitement . bill lash back at he with a violent anger that scare and quell the other boy . the group fall silent . pauline steal glance at they out of the corner of she eye . she be not a popular girl , careful and self - conscious , and she cannot help enjoy this situation . she flush . jane do you feel rotten , pauline ? pauline shake she head . the child move away from she and start to fool around , scrapping and laugh , but when they get back within a certain distance of pauline , they grow quiet and move away again . bill nudge sue . bill go and ask she if she want to play . sue ask she yourself . bill you do it . you be a girl . sue edge slowly towards she , not without nervous glance back at she brother . sue pauline . pauline do not deign to answer the little girl . sue pauline . do you want some shrapnel ? she have fragment in she hand . she offer then to pauline . it be possibly part of the bomb that kill she mother . pauline shake she head . sue do you want to play ? pauline shake she head again . sue go back to bill who have be watch carefully at a distance . after a moment , they turn back and walk home . roger see another newcomer approach . he call out . roger hey , Terry . pauline 's mum get kill last night . terry she never . roger she do too . int . rohan house - live room - day bill and sue enter , burst with they news . grace be sister , hope , have come to help and so have molly and mac , and a neighbour , mrs . evan , on whom dawn wish a bomb . grace be arm be bandage , mac be scoring pane of glass with a diamond cutter . he have a dollop of putty . bill be immediately distract and cannot resist knead the putty . dawn bring in a tray of tea . they be all in high spirit , almost festive . sue tug at she mother 's skirt . sue pauline 's mummy get dead . grace be attention be elsewhere . she do not hear . molly you be lucky up here . the East end 's be burn for three night . incendiary . dawn hand the neighbour she tea . dawn still not be hit , Mrs. Evans ? mrs . evan touch wood . dawn you have a near-miss the other might . mrs . evan I hear they be drop disease rat on bomb site . dawn bill find this tiny little parachute . so that 's what it be for . they all slurp they tea and talk at once . hope be dusting the piano . hope be the piano all right , Grace ? it be knock clean over . grace go over to it and open the lid , run she finger over the key . grace it seem to have survive . mac play something , Grace . molly we never use to sing much before the war , do we ? not in daytime anyway . dawn start to sing ' mareseatoat and doeseaboat and littleambseativy ' and grace pick it up on the piano . dawn dance around the room . there be something wild and abandon about she . mrs . evan Dawn 's come on fast . molly that 's the war for you . Quick , quick , quick . mrs . evan do not I see you with a soldier , Dawn ? it be just a teasing guess . she roar with laughter . dawn I be just do my bit for the war effort . grace stop play . grace I will not have this vulgar talk in my house . dawn it 's only a joke , mummy . I be fifteen . I be still at school . I want to be a nun when I grow up . mac go over to grace . he pick up some sheet music from a pile scattered on the floor . he select a piece and prop it on the music stand . mac try and few bar of old Fred , Grace . grace be soften by he tone . they eye meet for a moment . she turn the stool back to the keyboard and play chopin , particularly poignant since the fall of Warsaw . they listen with teary eye . ' mareseatoat and doeseaboat and chopin . it be the spirit of the blitz . sue ( whisper to Bill ) tell they about pauline 's mum . bill not now . they would not believe I . stock film black and white the chopin continue over a scene of bomb-ruine London , desolate and devastate . ext . bombed site - evening colour a surreal landscape : a flight of stair lead nowhere , a expose bathroom ; a house entirely destroy but for one fragment of wall jutting up , and on it still hang a picture . bill wander among this wonder , scavenge . a maraud gang of boy approach . they spread out and move up on bill from all side , trapping he . roger , the boy who tell of pauline 's mother 's death , be among they and appear to be they leader . roger what be you do here ? this be we territory bill look for shrapnel . a boy what you get ? two of they grab bill and wrench he fist open , extract a piece of metal . a boy look , a detonator . the other gather round , scrapping and shove for a better look , bill be arm be twisted behind he back and he eye be cover with a very dirty handkerchief . they take he to a ruin house . int . ruined house - day the room have a brazier , table and chair . they remove the blindfold and he see a wondrous sight , a collection of bullet , shell and bomb fragment . roger slap the shell proudly . roger unexplode . boy you be spying . bill I never be . roger yes , you be . make he talk . they twist he arm . several of the boy be smoking . one take a .303 bullet and tighten in into a old vice fix to the table . bill be fight back the tear . roger lean over bill . bill I know a secret . roger what 's that ? bill the Germans be drop man on bomb site . roger who tell you that ? they loosen they grip on he arm . bill my uncle 's in the War Office . he say , do not go on the bomb site . " boy be go miss all the time . " roger they be not . bill have capture they attention . they release he . bill if you find they hide , they cut you throat . they have to , or they would get find out . the boy begin to get nervous , glance about they . the boy on the vice aim a nail at the top of the bullet , brandish a hammer in the other hand . boy I wish one would come through the door now . he hammer the nail and the bullet explode , embed itself in the door . they jump out of they skin . roger you want to join we gang ? bill I do not mind . roger do you know any swear word ? bill yes . roger say they . bill be stubbornly silent . roger well go on then . you can not join if you can not answer . bill I only know one . they laugh derisively . roger well say that one then . bill can not get himself to say it , try as he will . they groan and jeer . bill force it out , the one that he hear on the bomb site . bill fuck ! they fall respectfully silent , exchange covert look . roger that word be special . that word be only for something really important . now , repeat after I ... bugger off . bill bugger off . roger sod . bill sod . roger bloody . bill bloody . roger now put they together . bugger off , you bloody sod . bill bugger off , you bloody sod . roger ok . you be in . he get up , lead they out of the room . roger let 's smash thing up . they go into a newly bomb house and , armed with stout stick and iron bar , indulge in a orgy of destruction . roger have a air-gun and specialize in pick of light bulb . bill be tentative at first , but the violence be infectious . pent - up aggression burst and he be wilder and worse than the other . ext . builder be yard - day roger lead the way , clamber over a damage wall and drop into a enclose yard . the other tumble after he and roger raise a warning arm and address the gang solemnly . roger this be top secret . he point to a corner where dozen of sign - post , uproote from crossroad , have be pile against each other , they arm spread out forlonly announce the name of town and they distance . roger they pull they up from all the crossroad , so when the Germans land they will lose they way . bill wo not they have map ? roger they will have to go to a shop to buy a map , stupid . then they ' will give zemselves avay viz ze vay zay tork . one boy start to goose - step and sing . boy ( sing ) ven der fuhrer say vis iss der master race , ve vart , vart , vart , right in der fuhrer 's face . int . rohan house - landing ad stair - night dawn , watch by bill , tiptoe down the stair . she open the front door as silently as possible . Vera Lynn dispense sexy sentimentality on the wireless ( ' sincerely your ' ) . grace appear . dawn be catch in the act . grace and where do you think you be go ? dawn out . grace you go to bed this minute and take off that lipstick . dawn no , I will not . grace file at she , enraged , and slap she head and face . grace you would not dare defy I if you father be here . dawn cover she head with she arm until grace stop , exhaust . dawn if you have finish , I be go . she step out of the door . grace grab she , tear she blouse , and swing she back inside . they wrestle wildly , both whimper and moan . bill watch from above as the fight imperceptibly transform and mother and daughter be finally hugging each other and cry . dawn I want he . I want he so much . I will kill myself if I can not have he . grace there , there , my baby . grace let go and turn towards the live room where Vera Lynn wail a lament . grace go if you want . what do it matter ? we might be all dead tomorrow . dawn be make - up be smudge , she clothes tear . dawn I can not go like this . grace turn back and take dawn be hand . grace you better bring he home , if you really love he . do not kill love . you will regret it for the rest of you life . dawn who say anything about love ? ext . bombed site - evening the gang 's h.q. be even further improve . they have put in some expensive furniture . they have a wireless and a cocktail bar that open to reveal a nest of mirror reflect the bottle within . the gang fool 's around , in and out of the room , smoking and drink beer . a girl walk past , throw they a flirtatious look . it be pauline the girl who lose she mother in a air-raid . they whistle and shout at she . boy # 1 want to see we de ? boy # 2 we get a bed . they laugh bawdily and she turn up she nose . one of the boy start to wrestle with she . she start to struggle . they pin back she arm and try and kiss she . her breast push up against she blouse like little apple . roger whisper something in she ear . she protest . roger go on , pauline . be a sport . pauline no , I will not . there 's too many of you . roger one at a time . pauline no , I will not . roger I will give you something . he get a box , open it and show it she . it be full of loot jewelry , brooches , cheap bracelet . pauline be delighted . she poke around and choose a necklace , put it on . pauline all right . line up . they form a n orderly queue and pauline pull up she skirt . she hold she knicker open by the elastic so that it be possible to look inside . the boy file past , each peer inside she knicker for a second or two . boy 2 I see better . bill be on the end . as he turn approach , he face be tense with apprehension . pauline it will not bite you . they all laugh at he expense . hi swing punch , fly in all direction and they hit back . one or two land . they hurt the recipient and they hit back . roger call a halt . roger pack it in . it 's time to smash thing up . ext . another bombed site - evening the gang loot and pillage , smash as they go . behind a piece of break wall , bill discover a soldier and a girl clasped together , the girl be press against a door . bill move closer . the soldier fumble with she clothing , but she be so wild with passion that he effort be impede . bill register the familiar gasp and cry that he be become accustom to hearing from the injure , the die and the coupling . the girl move she head and she face become visible over the soldier 's shoulder . it be dawn . she see bill as he see she . she mouth the word : ' go away ' . he turn to shake and cry . he move away , then on a angry impulse pick up a stone and throw it . the soldier let out a cry . he turn revealing himself as bruce . bill ( shouting ) fuck ! hear the sacred cry , the gang come run . they see bill hurl stone and quickly join in . bruce protest angrily and throw a couple of rock himself , but he be overwhelm . he protect dawn from the onslaught and they flee . roger teach he a lesson . think they can come over here and take we woman . boy 2 be not that you sister , rohan ? bill shake he head , deny she . int . rohan house - live room - night grace be cut down a coat for sue ; bill be read a comic , the dandy ; dawn be darn stocking . the doorbell sound and dawn catapult from she chair to greet the visitor . she return with bruce , now evidently a welcome and regular guest . bill throw friendly punch , one wild one catch he in the crotch . he take it bravely . he distribute largesse , a tin of corn beef and a packet of tea for grace , chew gum for sue , a model barrage balloon for bill and a pair of nylon for dawn . bruce you need suspender for this kind . she laugh , then hold the stocking against she skin in a transport of sexual delight . dawn I be go to cross my leg and make that rustling noise . finally and dramatically , bruce pull out a package in a brown - paper bag . he give it to grace . she open it . it be a piece of beef steak . grace be overcome . grace Steak ! I can not remember the last time ... bruce croon ironically ' the last time I see sirloin ... ' grace hold the raw meat in she two hand and impulsively kiss it . bruce take it away . I know you husband 's be away a long time , but .... dawn do not be so cheeky , Bruce . he hold up he hand in supplication . bruce sorry , sorry . too long in the barrack room . itma have just end and a programme have start up about the evacuation of dunkirk . its tone be quasi-religious - patriotic as it tell of the armada of little boat heroically snatching the remnant of the british Army out of the jaw of the Nazis . churchill 's voice boom out of the wireless . churchill ( v.0 . ) if the british Empire last for a thousand year , man will say , this be they finest hour . bruce have be horsing around with bill , and all the time dawn devour he with she eye . grace oh , do let 's listen to this . I never tire of listen to it . I give I goose pimple . bruce you have not be take you orange juice . the insolent sally give dawn the excuse to jump on he and force he on to the sofa and into a respectful silence . stir music punctuate the dramatic narration , which celebrate the bravery of the soldier fight they last ditch stand . bruce giggle . bruce do not sound the dunkirk I be at . I see no fight . we do a lot of run backwards , though . then we get to the beach and we could not run no more . and Jerry just sit there and let we alone . if he would come after we , boy shake he head and laugh as though it would have be the funniest moment of the war . we be beat so bad , discipline be all to Hell . we tell the soldier to jump in the briny . there be no grub but we break into the wine store , and everybody get smashed . when the boat come , a lot of guy throw away they gear and fill they kitbag with loot . one buddy of mine burst into a jeweler 's , he backpack be full of gold and silver . we have to wade out to the boat and he be so heavy he could not haul himself up . he slip and sink like a stone . he laugh again . the broadcast come to its move climax . grace how can you say such thing ? can not you hear what happen ? bruce I be there . narrator ( v.o . ) God laid he hand upon the water and they be still . the armada of little boat bring they precious cargo into safe haven . they live to fight another day . bruce he who turn and run away life to fight another day . the inspiring , patriotic music , elgar , well up . grace I do not care what you say . it fill we heart that day . the little people stand up for once against the tyrant . stood up and say no ! bruce impressed , despite himself . dawn be quite affect too , by she mother 's deep feel . grace that 's how we put up with the bombing and the ration , because of dunkirk . because of the spirit of dunkirk , and because of that we shall never give in , never . the elgar continue into : newsreel back and white a shot of troops be ferried from dunkirk beach by the little boat . a open fishing boat be pack with soldier , mostly stand , while two man row . the soldier begin to sway and ' la - la ' to the elgar soundtrack . they be serious and sombre , except for one , bruce , who be grin . smash CUT : int . rohan house - children' bedroom - night colour bill in bed , smile and in he sleep . ext . dunkirk - day back to bruce sing and smile . ext . rosehill avenue - day clive , leather helmet and goggle iced up , ride to the rohan House on a norton motorbike . the street be snow - cover and the road be cover in brown slush . bill and sue run out to greet he . he dismount painfully , he huge army greatcoat be also rimmed with frost . his face be so stiff with cold that he cannot crack a smile and present a intimidating figure to the child , who draw up short . when he speak , he can hardly form word . he stagger alarmingly from the stiffness as he walk , and cramp in one leg make he hop up and down . clive on the bike for five hour . only get a thirty - six hour pass . he hold out he arm . they cower back , then turn on they heel and scurry into the house , call they mother . int . rohan house - dine room - night clive have change into civvy and be soaking he foot in a bowl of hot water . tea have be laid and the family assemble . they watch clive warily . they have learn to live without he and he reappearance have upset the new ballance . clive Hand I my backpack , Bill . bill hand it to he and clive proudly pull out a un label can and plant it firmly on the centre of tea table . grace and what 's that ? clive jam . bill and sue jump for joy . bill and sue ( chant ) jam ! jam ! jam ! grace jam ? what kind of jam ? it 's not like any jam I know . clive german jam . it 's german jam . the table fall deathly silent . they stare at the can as though it be a time bomb . clive it 's all right . it come from a german chip . it get sink , and this stuff wash ashore , crate of it . jam . we fellow find it on the beach , by the rifle range . grace pick it up gingerly , turn it , search the blank silver - grey metal for a sign , a clue , a portent . grace we do not know anything about it clive well , it 's off ration . we know that . grace how do we know they do not plant it there ? they know we be mad on jam . they could poison half the country . clive survey the suspicious hostile face . angrily , he seize the can and jab it clumsily with the paper opener . grace come away , child . I do not want you to stand too close while he 's open it . they retreat to the corner of the room . clive have it open and bend back the top to reveal a deep -re jam . grace venture forward and peer at it . clive well ? grace it look .... foreign . clive jam be jam ! it 's just jam ! dawn well , I be not have any . even if it 's not poison . I do not think it 's right . it 's not patriotic . bill you do not like jam . you hate jam . you never eat jam . dawn that 's not the point . there be a impasse . they stare at it gloomily . clive wave grandly at the jam . clive taste it . why do not you taste it ? grace you taste it . the eye turn on clive . the situation force they resentment for one who have not share in they hardship , who abandon they , in fact . the jam have become a test . he look into the face of he family . resolutely , he take up a teaspoon , pick up the can and begin to eat . grimly and steadily he ladle the jam to he mouth . they watch he carefully for sign of pain . before they doubt be dispell , he have consume a third of the can . bill be the first to crack . bill give we some , dad . clive stop eat , put the can back on the table and they all dig in . the tension be dispell . sue climb on clive be lap and he feed she himself . they laugh and chatter and stuff bread and jam in they mouth . grace you mean they let you go through the officer training course and then say you be too old for a commission ? clive that 's it . grace why do not they say that before you start ? clive I be not too old when I start the course . I be too old when it finish . grace what be you go to be then ? clive a clerk . I be do a type course . I will be type for England . grace go to he , put a arm around he . grace poor clive . you want it so much . he look up at she , beat , uncomprehend . she kiss he . grace you be such a baby . the doorbell sound . dawn scoot out to answer it . bill it 's lovely jam . it 's nearly as nice as English jam . clive grin , quickly recover from he bad moment . clive you know what I always say ? jam be jam , the world over . dawn reappear with bruce . clive dart a querying look at grace . he wince at the sight of he little girl look up adorningly at a canadian soldier . dawn Bruce , this be my father . dad , this be corporal Bruce carey . clive laugh awkwardly , outranke . bill Bruce , look ! dad get some german jam . sue we think it be poison . they laugh . bruce look at it with mock suspicion , then taste it with he fingertip . his eye bulge and he clutches he throat . bruce the poison be at the bottom . he fall to the ground in the most agonize convulsion . the child scream with laughter and jump on top of he . ext . rohan house - kitchen step - day the kitchen door be open , admit thin winter sunlight . grace work within . outside , clive be clean he kit , help by bill . belt and gaiter be balanced and laid out to dry . clive be sit on the step , put dubbin on he boot , bill polish he father 's hat badge , totally absorb in its beauty . grace appear , out a hand on clive be shoulder , close she eye , let 's the sun caress she face . grace when do you think you will get leave again ? clive not till Christmas , I do not suppose . sue appear and sprawl herself across she father 's lap . clive I be glad you do not send they to you aunt . grace I have have a letter from she . they have move house . clive where to ? she smile , eye still close . grace woolamaloo . clive splutter with amusement . clive not woolamaloo ? bill look up , grin . bill woolamaloo ? we would have live in woolamaloo ? clive start to sing the old music-hall song . clive ( sing ) w-o-o-l-a-m-a-l-o-o , oo . upon my word , it 's true . it 's the way to spell woolamaloo . they join in , in a rag way , know it well . everybody ( sing ) I bet you a dollar , there be not a scholar , to spell it right first go , o , w-o-o-l-a-m-a-l-o-o , loo-o dawn come through the kitchen with mac and molly , who find the rohans in good spirit . there be arm greeting all round . ext . rosehill avenue - day bill be give he father and mac a tour of the bomb damage . he pick he way expertly through the rubble , and they clamber after he . clive what kind of war be this Mac ? up there in cumberland , we never see a air-raid . the worst problem I have be get a new typewriter ribbon . when I ride in against the Turks , I know what it be about . mac do you ? you think you do . we have be gypse , all we life . look at you street . they pause , look out of a shattered window on the street . it be a monotonous row of semi-detach house , lie between other identical row , now pock with bomb damage , drab and dreary . clive what about it ? mac rosehill Avenue . no rose . no hill . and it 's certainly not a avenue . clive why not ? mac you need tree for a avenue . clive there be talk of plant some when we first come . mac propaganda . we have be have . they fall silent , watch bill as he greet some other boy . clive how 's you war , Mac ? mac never do better . on the fiddle . like everyone else . clive except the serviceman . mac naturally . clive I do not understand . be there any point to it ? mac there be all right . this hitter fellow . we have get to winkle he out . and get shot of some of we lot at the same time . they watch bill root about in the rubble . clive look at how wild the boy 's get . as for Dawn . sixteen , go around with a soldier . ( shake he head ) keep and eye on they for I , Mac , there 's a pal . I have make a mess of it all . ( he voice crack . a sob well up . ) I have be such a bloody fool . bill have come up behind they and watch covertly . mac clasp clive in he arm . mac you always be , clive . steady the buff . clive bugger the buff . cries and shout come from the street . bill swing across a crater on a dangle electric cable and scramble into the road . there be panic and pandemonium . the local barrage balloon 's fin have puncture and it have lose stability . it be career wildly like a kite out of control . clive and mac clamber into the street as the balloon skim across the sky , its steel cable shearing a chimney stack which tumble down onto the front garden send people scatter in all direction . bill run up , mad with excitement , as sue and dawn come out of the house with grace and molly and look up . clive sprint across to they . clive take cover ! we be be attack by we own balloon ! they take no notice of he entreaty , curiosity get the better of they . molly it 's have a nervous breakdown . she giggle . the balloon bump on the rooftop then shoot up into the sky again . grace start to laugh . grace it 's so wonderful . clive earnestly dash back and forth , want to do something , but completely unable to decide what . clive do not panic ! ( go over to Mac ) keep you head ! mac I will if you will ! the balloon do a fat little waltz in the sky . clive suddenly explode with laughter . dawn have sue in she arm . dawn he just get feed up with all the other boring old barrage balloon and decide it be time to have some fun . two arp men run down the street , urging people to go inside . the family retreat grudgingly towards they house , but hover in the front garden watch and laugh . six home guard march into rosehill Avenue at the double . the balloon have rise into the sky and the people be draw out again into the street , look up . the home guard come to a halt and raise they rifle . bill boo ! leave it alone ! the balloon suddenly plunge down towards the street , scatter the home guard . woman scream and everyone dash for cover again . bill laugh derisively . bill they be scared of old fatty . the guard form up again and fire at the balloon . it burst into flame . the shred of burn cloth , follow by the spiralling cable , plunge into the street . there be cry if regret and the family and other step forward to inspect the smoulder remain with the same sadness that be feel at the end of a firework display . bill why do they have to go and do that ? int . w.v.s centre - day a make - do- and -mend session , where clothes be exchange , repair , alter and cut down . it be swarm with woman and child . molly and grace rummage among the rack of clothing . sue and bill , bored and resign , be oblige to try on item of use clothing . molly God , how I hate all this scrimp and squalor . grace I do not mind it . it be harder before the war . try to keep up appearance . now it 's patriotic to be poor . in the absence of man , woman be everywhere stripping down to they underwear to try on the clothes . bill try not to watch , acutely embarrassed . molly I do not know how you cope , Grace . Three kid , army pay . on you own . grace you know something , Molly ? I like it on my own . I never get use to share a bed , not really . molly pull of she dress and suddenly , inch from bill be face , be that mysterious few inch of white suspender leg between the stock - top and the camiknicker . molly I love a man in bed , the smell of he , the hairiness rub against you , the weight of he . and when they do it to you in the middle of the night and you do not know if you be dream or it 's really happen to you . that 's the best . no guilty feeling . not that I should have any , wide awake . molly pull on a flower silk dress that cling to she figure . she smooth it out . grace Molly ! molly well ! I be not talk about Mac . he have not tough I for age . and not often ever . my life start when Mac go on night . she dissolves in a fit of giggle . grace help sue with a sensible navy - blue coat . it be heavy and dull . sue do not like it . her face crease and tear well up . grace you be have I on , Molly . molly be I ? maybe I be . grace you have be drink . you tipsy . molly tipsy , topsy , turvy . int . rohan house - children' bedroom - night bill and sue each have a torch , which serve as a searchlight . bill smoke a woodbine and he blow the smoke around the suspend model aircraft . spitfire , hurricane , messerschmit , heinkel be pick out in turn . as they appear , bill simulate they engine noise . with considerable dexterity , he use he free hand to fire he ack - ack gun , and papier - mache pellet , pre-soake in ink , fly through the air . bill animate a distress plane plummete to earth . his triumph be interrupt by a tap at the window . expertly he dog he woodbine then go to the window . he open it and dawn step through . he be about to close it after she when bruce be face appear . bill let fly a ink pellet catch bruce square on the forehead . dawn hold up a threaten hand and the child shrink back as bruce clamber in . the two of they tiptoe into the next bedroom , dawn throw a warning glance over she shoulder . int . rohan house - landing - night bill and sue share the keyhole , which afford a partial view of Dawn 's bed . complicate combination of limb cross the field of view , offer a tantalize version of event within . the child give up and return to they room , whisper . sue I suppose they be still learn , that 's why they keep move about . bill it 's easy . I have do it . sue who with ? bill pauline . sue liar . mummy keep still and daddy move on top of she . that 's what they do when they know how . int . rohan house - dawn be room - night . bruce turn on he back with a deep sigh of satisfaction . bruce ( whisper ) Boy , that be some air-raid . dawn air-raid ? bruce do not you feel the house rock ? you must have see all that shell burst . she stick the pillow in she mouth to stop laugh . bruce turn and whisper in she ear . bruce let 's get marry . we will live in montreal . I will teach you french . je t'aime , mon petit chou . even when he 's serious , he manner be teasing . dawn do not get smoochy . you will spoil it . she be genuinely irritate . film extract black and white a scene from a forty romantic movie . the couple on the screen be deeply in love , but he must go off to the war . they parting be bitter -sweet , prolong and accompany by a symphony orchestra play its heart out . ext . cinema - night colour mac sit between molly and grace . he look from one to the other . they be both weep , lose in the movie , and oblivious of he . sue sleep , lie across she mother 's lap . bill squirm with embarrassment as the screen lover kiss . he turn he face away . when he look back , he be disgust to see that they be still at it . ext . national gallery - day bill lean over to the balustrade of the pillar portico look out on to trafalgar Square . the strain of a passionate piano recital reverberate from inside the Gallery . Soldiers and they girl , hand in hand , listen enrapture . ext . trafalgar square - day barrage balloon hang over admiralty arch and garland Nelson astride he column . ext . national gallery - day bill thread he way through the crowd , past sign announce Dame myra hess 's lunchtime concert ( sold out ) and into the marble hall . int . national gallery - day bill slide back into he seat next to grace as dame myra conclude the warsaw concerto . the audience rise to its foot , applaud , grace , he eye shine , be among they . mac watch she pleasure with pleasure . bill be disturb by the music , by the eruption of emotion and some wear blue uniform demote the war wounded . they clap and clap . grace Mac , that be wonderful . I have not be to a concert since ... mac ... since I use to take you to the prom ? grace that 's right . not since then not since I get marry . they eye meet . the audience be drown in it own applause . everyone be cry , or laugh , or both . grace and mac among they . in the emotional tumult they reveal more than they intend . the audience fall silent . bill be gaze drift to the wall where huge painting by special war artist hang . grace tear she eye away from mac . she sense bill watch she and turn she attention to Dame myra 's finger fly over the key . int . rohan house - dine room - day the table have be stretch to embrace the rohan family , include grace's sister . they wear paper hat , have finish they Christmas dinner , and be listen attentively to King George VI stutter painfully through he Christmas message . ext . rosehill avenue - day it be raining . bruce hurry along the street , and as he enter the rohan 's front gate , he pause , pull a old silk stock over he head and take two glass eye from he pocket . they look as though they once belong to a stuff stag . he push they inside the stock and position they just under he own eye so that he can peek over they . he crawl under the bow window . int . rohan house - dine room - day the King falter to a conclusion . clive he be a lot better this year . mac and the other mumble agreement . bill you say that last year , dad . clive the land and the King be one , my son . if he stutter we falter . he 's get batter , and so be we . the National anthem strike up on the wireless . they all rise and stand to attention . ext . rohan house - day bruce raise he head and press he grotesque face to the window . he tap on the glass . he be startle to see the assemble family stand upright and stare back at he without expression . he cavort and wave he arm , but still get no response . sheepishly , he slink into the porch and pull off the stock . the door open to reveal dawn . dawn dad 's furious . it be ' God save the King '. he go inside and she close the door . he push the stag 's eye into he own socket and scrunches up he face to grip they into place . dawn turn back and he lunge , try to kiss she . she squeal wit laughter . int . rohan house - dine room - day a charade be in progress . clive and mac be get up as prostitute , wear they wife ' clothes . grace and molly be dress as man . there be a lot of salacious flirt and a argument break out over the price of whore . molly say the word ' tart ' emphatically and bill jump out of he seat , yell : bill jam tart ! jam tart ! I get it ! I get it ! the four actor abandon they characterization and applaud young bill . bruce watch in amazement . bruce Jesus Christ ! this be Christmas ? grace be father rise , he glass hold aloft . grandfather GEORGE the for my annual toast . charge you glass . there be groan and muttering of disapproval . he cut a impressive figure , white hair , droop moustache , waistcoat and watch -chain . his eye take on a faraway look , sombre and serious . his wife , pointedly leave the room , slamm the door behind she . grandfather GEORGE to Mary McDonald , thelma Richardson , bobo hind , lily sanderson ... ( savour each name , smile , shake be head , have a special emphasis or tone of voice for every one of they . ) ... Little Sarah what - it , now there be a spirit . and marjorie Anderson . grace Father , that 's enough now grandfather GEORGE and ...and ... Henry chapman 's girl , be it thelma ? no , I can see that cornflower eye ... I have lose you name , my sweetness . tear come to he eye . he falter . there be cry of ' shame ' . hope , grace be sister , jump to she foot . hope do we have to listen to this nonsense every year ? you be drunk , dadda . sit down . grandfather GEORGE ... Betty brown ... Betty , let I tell you something . I be seventy three year old , I have see half the wonder of the world and I never laid eye on a finer sight than the curve of Betty brown 's breast ... raise he glass again my girl Dead you may be , or old and withere . but while I live , I will do you honour to the last . bless all of you . he drink and slump down into he chair , overcome with melancholy . only molly applaud and only dawn look sympathetic . bill tap he grandfather 's knee . bill it be Sheila , grandpa . grandfather GEORGE look up sadly . grandfather GEORGE what 's that ? bill Henry chapman 's daughter . it be Sheila . I remember she from last year . grandfather GEORGE so it be . Sheila . this boy will go far . bill turn away to dawn , stifling he giggle . bill I make it up ! ext . rohan house - night dawn and bruce kiss goodbye in the porch . she pull away , sense something amiss . dawn what 's wrong ? he look away , unhappy and awkward . dawn what be it ? bruce we be not suppose to say , but we be be ship out tomorrow . dawn where ? bruce I do not know ? dawn you do , you do . you be just not say . bruce I swear I do not know . ( offer she a little box ) here 's you Christmas present . she open it . a diamond ring . she gasp , then trust it back at he angrily . dawn you expect I to spend the rest of the war sit at home stare at a ring ? and you will meet some french girl who can speak you own language . no thank you ! bruce please yourself . bruce hurl the little box into the next - door bomb site and storm off into the night . dawn slam the door . int . rohan house - live room - night dawn bury she head in a cushion , cry and wail . only mac and molly of the guest remain , and they be play card with clive and grace . grace go to comfort dawn . grace what be it , pet ? dawn he 's be post . I be terrible to he . grace do not leave it like that . go after he . swallow you pride . ext . army camp - day clive and dawn riding pillion , pull up at the Guard House on he old norton . dawn slide down and hurry to the Guard House . clive prop up the bike and follow she . a convoy of truck pull out of the gate . Soldiers lean out of the back of the lorry , cheer and whistling when they see dawn . int . guard house - day the sergeant of the Guard sit toast he toe on a coke stove . dawn address clive as he enter . dawn we have miss they . they have go . ( turn back to the sergeant ) can not you tell I where ? you can see I be not a spy . sergeant I would if I could , but I can not . he point to a wall on which two poster be pin . one say ' careless talk cost life , the other , ' wall have ear ' . dawn be shattered . clive put he arm about she . clive he will write as soon as he can . sergeant sure , he will . you will meet again ( sing ) do not know where , do not know when . but in the meantime , I be free tomorrow night . clive lead she out . a sprig of mistletoe hang over the door . dawn rip it down and fling it back at the sergeant . it hit he square in the face . ext . rohan house - porch - day clive be pack up , ready to go . the family have come to bid farewell , all except bill , who suddenly appear with a triumphant whoop . bill I find it ! I find it ! he hand the little ring box to dawn . she open it and look at the ring , but do not put it on she finer . clive and grace watch tenderly . dawn you need not have bother , Bill . they watch clive as he ride away . behind they , the Christmas tree can be see in the window . as they turn to go in , grace look warily at dawn . grace that letter this morning , be it from Bruce ? dawn nod . grace what do he say ? dawn he say I be right . I should not wait for he . I be better to make a clean break . grace I think it 's very sensible in the circumstance . dawn now he 's go and make I fall in love with he , which I never want to do . I tell he that . she run into the house and up the stair . ext . seaside resort - day grace , mac , bill and sue be finish a frugal picnic on the beach . they be muffle up against the nip of early spring . the sand be criss -cross with point iron spike and coil of barb wire . curt sign warn against mine and other hazard . bill and sue start to play happily and messily in the sand . in the distance , they hear muffled , deep - throat explosion . bill what 's that ? mac Big berthas , shelling France . twenty - five - mile range , they have . bill wow ! mac they send over a few every day , to let they know we be still here . each shell cost as much as a Ford 8. bill who pay for they ? mac we will , you will , for the rest of we life ? bill get out a rubber ball , and spin it in be finger . grace remember this beach , Mac ? all that summer . out two family , together . mac happy day . ( watch Bill 's effort with the ball ) when you be bigger , Bill , I will teach you the googly . bill smile a secret smile . bill thanks . grace start to sing . grace ( sing ) there will be blue bird over , the white cliff of dover ... mac and the child join in . bill practice he spin , finger and wrist . all ( sing ) ...tomorrow . just you wait and see ... another crump from Big bertha . bill there go another Ford 8 , uncle mac. ext . railway - night the train be unlit to comply with the blackout , the only illumination be as the fire - box door of the loco open . int . train compartment - night moonlight flicker intermittently into the compartment , lend a jerky , monochrome quality to the scene . sue sleep , thumb in mouth . bill doze in the corner of the compartment . grace and mac sit side by side . grace ( softly ) Mac , do you ever find out who Molly go off with ? mac a Polish pilot . it 's like one of that joke on the wireless . he stare out of the window , the pale break light make pattern on he face . grace you miss she . I know you do . he smile ruefully . mac she say , ' I know you love I , Mac , but you have never love I enough . ' grace not loving enough . that be a terrible thing to do to someone . I suppose I do it to clive . always hold something back . bill stir and fidget , half hearing , squinting through droop lid . mac and grace lower they voice further whisper . mac it 's all better leave unsaid , Grace . grace you be never apart , you and clive . he keep ask and ask . and I wait and wait for you to say something . and you never do . mac clive have a job . I do not . I could not . they fall silent . grace smile ruefully . grace he could always make I laugh . mac we do the decent thing . grace this war 's put a end to decent thing . I want to close my eye and jump and give myself for once , hold nothing back . mac we can not change what 's past . not even the war can do that . grace we do all the proper thing , and we lose love . that 's sad , mac. they eye meet and acknowledge what might have be , of happiness accidentally miss . grace if I see this at the picture , I would be cry my eye out , but I can not shed a tear for myself . in the pale half - light , they seem young and innocent . he take she hand . they almost kiss . but for child , they would . finally , mac turn away and look out at the dark , heavy shape of the approach city . ext . rosehill avenue - night as grace , mac , bill and sue turn into the avenue , they see a house burn . it be theirs . when they get closer , they see it be gut and the roof have collapse . the firemen have hose train on it , but it be too hot to get into the front door . grace's first think be for she daughter . grace Dawn ! Dawn ! dawn be with a knot of neighbour , watch the blaze . grace be so relieved to see she that she smile and become quite tranquil . grace thank God you be safe . the firechief approach she . firechief be this you house , madam ? grace I do not know there be a raid . firechief it be not a bomb , just afire . grace what do you mean , a fire ? firechief it happen in wartime as well , you know . mac be shattered . he put a arm round grace . she throw he a look , haunt with guilt , and she move away to console she child , who watch the blaze impassively . dawn I just wish I would wear my nylon . grace suddenly seize by a dread think . she run to the firechief . grace my ration book be in there . she make a wild dash at the house , but mac and the neighbour restain she . bill remain next to the firechief . bill my shrapnel collection should be all right . firechief oh yes , I should think so . ext . rohan house - day Mac 's car drive up to the char ruin of the house . grace and the child get out . roger and he gang be already looting . bill charge roger and punch he in the face . they fall and roll in the wet ash . the bigger boy be so take aback by bill be ferocity that he cannot gain a advantage . mac stop grace from interfere , understanding the boy 's need . pauline have appear and smile knowingly as she watch . other child gather . roger pick himself up and the gang beat a retreat . int . rohan house - day grace , mac , dawn and sue join bill in the house and scratch among the debris to see what can be salvage . ext . rosehill avenue - day they ferry bit and piece to the car . grace discover the char remnant of a photo album . there be picture with un burnt fragment and she carry it carefully to the car . grace Mac , look ! some of the snap be save . it be open at the picture of the two family at the very beach they visit yesterday . it be burn around the edge , only molly and clive be unscathed and they smile happily . grace and mac look at it then at each other . it feed they guilt . the neighbour gather and awkwardly try to express they sympathy . mrs. evan arrive with some clothes . mrs . evan this coat should fit you Grace . and here be some thing for Dawn . and a few bit for the kitchen . grace thank you , evelyne . bill be acutely embarrassed . he catch pauline be smirk look . he fight to hold back the tear , but finally fail . grace it 's only a house . we still have each other . bill I do not care about the house , I just hate all this people watch we and be nice . ext . the thame riverside - day carry grace and the three child , mac 's car draw up on the towpath face a island on which be a number of wooden bungalow with verandas decorate in fretted scroll work . neat lawn slope down to the river 's edge where varnish punt and skiff like sleekly tethere . grandfather GEORGE have spot they and he rear-sculls he dinghy across the water to fetch they . grandfather GEORGE come . come . deliverance be at hand . all will be well . grandmother come down from the bungalow to the edge of the river and wave encouragingly . bill be captivate by the river . moorhen thread through the tendril of weep willow . as electric slip launch be moor where they wait . he stroke its glassy varnish . mac unload the boot of the car . mac another world , eh billy ? and not twenty mile from picadilly . grace come alongside dawn and wave she mother on the far bank , only forty yard away . dawn glance nervously at grace . dawn be you strong enough for another shock ? you be go to be a grandma . ( wave across the river at she own grandmother . ) hello , grandma . grandfather GEORGE dock he craft expertly and lassoe a moor post . grace let out a hysterical cry . grace I do not believe this be happen to I . dawn it 's not . it 's happen to I . grandfather GEORGE respond to grace it 's only a house , and a ghastly one at that . they should all be burn and bomb and the builder hang . mac and grandfather GEORGE load the family 's few possession on the boat . grace what do I do to deserve this ? grandfather GEORGE you marry that fool , clive , that 's what . never mind , you can stay with we . grace ( to Dawn ) how long ? dawn Three and a half month . grandfather GEORGE as long as that ? well , all right . why not ? it 's nearly summer . let the nipper run wild . the child have get into the boat . grace turn to mac and kiss he awkwardly . grace bless you , Mac . what would I have do without you ? mac ( ruefully ) you might still have a house . grace ( wistfully ) I wish it could all have be different . mac look after yourself , Grace . he watch they as they cross the river , conscious of the gap widen between himself and grace . grace everything I have leave in the world be in this little boat . bill study grandfather GEORGE 's sculling technique . bill can I try ? grandfather GEORGE put you hand on mine , get the knack of it . bill hold the gnarled old hand and move in unison . grandfather GEORGE I shall teach you the way of the river . another year in that awful suburb and you would be past save . look , they be come this way ! the future on the march . I curse you , volt , Watt and amp . loom over grandfather GEORGE 's bungalow be a newly construct electric pylon . int . bungalow - bill be and dawn' bedroom - dawn bill wake , look at the river . ext . bungalow - dawn a grey dawn light touch the mist lie over a glassy river . bill come down out of the house and stand at the edge of the water : not a breath of wind , not a soul stir . he slip out of he grandfather 's voluminous pajama pants . delicately , he lower himself into the river , careful not to crack the perfect smoothness of the water . he slide slowly in until only he head be show . he swim out into the centre of the stream , without disturbing the water . he stop , take a breath then submerges , leave not a ripple , never a trace . the dawn river be once more unobserve , its secret self again . int . bungalow - bill be and dawn' bedroom - dawn bill come in wet from bathing , to find dawn half dress contemplate she slightly swollen nave . they share a small room in which be two bunk bed . dawn have a listen . see if you can hear anything . with some reluctance , bill put a ear to she stomach . his cold wet hair give she a shock . she slap he . dawn you be icy cold . a shock like that could give I a miscarriage . ( grin ) that 's a idea , do it again . dawn giggle and it be bill 's turn to be shocked . grandma ( o.s. ) Breakfast , all ! dawn leave the room while bill climb into he clothes . int . bungalow - dine room - day the room let out , through open french window , on to a back garden sow with vegetable for some yard and then give way to orchard and pasture . the morning sun stream in . grandfather GEORGE sit at not end face the garden . grace , sue , grandma and dawn flank he . grandfather GEORGE be not the best in the morning . he glare at bill as he enter and slip quietly into he seat . grandma do they say how long it would take to get new ration book , Grace ? grace ( shouting and emancipate ) up to six week , I think . grandma how be we go to cope ? grandfather GEORGE nettle soup , like we do in the great War . very nourishing . Bill and I will catch fish . the river fowl will be lay egg soon . we will hunt , we will forage . we will overcome . grandma what about tea and sugar . clever Dick ? grandfather GEORGE hold up a warming hand . grandfather GEORGE keep still ! nobody move ! his aspect fill they with dread . his eye be boring hole in the cabbage patch , outside the french window , where a rat be crouching . grandfather GEORGE ( dramatic whisper ) mother !! fetch my gun . grandma what 's that , dear ? he point urgently at where the gun stand against the wall . grandma creep on tiptoe over to the gun and hand it to he , resume she place without make a sound . he raise the shotgun , aim along the length of the table . the child be statue , only they eye darting from he to the rat and back . the barrel be inch from they face . he fire . they jump . smoke fill the room , he curse under he breath , as the rat escape . he put down the gun and readdress he boil egg , as a afterthought , he turn to bill . grandfather GEORGE never let a rat creep up on you . bill I think you hit he , grandpa . he be limping when he run off . grandfather GEORGE give he a search look , but bill be all innocence . dawn stifles a giggle . grace see what go on and suppress a smile herself . bill suddenly cough and splutter to hide he laughter . dawn go red in the face , tear come to she eye and she shoulder shake . sue suddenly tinkle with innocent mirth and the suppress laughter burst out of they all . they roar and gasp and shudder and cannot stop . grandma , quiet perplex , smile , happy to see they all so happy . grandfather GEORGE , eye blaze with anger , glare at they disdainfully , but the dam have burst and , fear he as they do , the laughter pour out unabate and they eye be fill with tear . int . river - day grandfather GEORGE pole the punt up the river . grace , grandma and sue lounge in the cushion . bill stand alongside the old man , learn the way of it . grandfather GEORGE up , two , three . throw the pole forward , let it slide through you finger . do not push until it hit the bottom . bill take it all in . grandfather GEORGE now check that spinner . bill crawl along the shiny deck and haul in a fishing line . bill no luck , grandpa . he let it out again . a wood - fire steam launch , all polished brass , with a elegant canopy , chug past they . a elderly couple occupy it , seat in wicker armchair . grandfather GEORGE ( raise he cap to they ) good day , mar , be . greeting Edward . they be beguile by the smell of the afternoon . grace trail she finger dreamily through in the water . willow , bulrush , glide past . grandma ... such nice boy with straw boater and blazer . all the punt light up with chinese lantern . like firefly . and the gramophone go on one of the boat . always the Charleston , the Charleston , the Charleston . oh , you girl . grace be not it lovely ? grandfather GEORGE entrust the pole to bill . he struggle with the technique , do quite well . the the pole stick in deep mud . he can not extricate it . grandfather GEORGE let it go . let it go . but bill hang on to the pole and the punt move on until he be stretch between they . finally , he hop on to the pole and cling to it . grandfather GEORGE stay put . hang on . he take a paddle and drive the boat back to where bill be strand . the pole start to topple in a small arc . grandfather GEORGE renew he effort and bill be able to step neatly on to the rear decking . the old a ease the pole from the mud . grandfather GEORGE now there 's a lesson for life . never give up the punt for the pole . ext . grandfather george' riverside garden - day tea be be laid on the lawn by grandma , grace and dawn ; grandfather GEORGE recline in the fade swing - seat . bill ferries faith , hope and charity ( he three aunt ) to the island in the dingy . he rear-sculls with some difficulty , but well enough . grandfather GEORGE examine he daughter with binocular as they ' ooh ' and ' aah ' greeting on they approach . they disembark and there be much hugging and kissing . they have all bring clothing for the family and dress and blouse be hold up , examine and admire . the daughter clearly disapprove of grandfather GEORGE and only offer perfunctory kiss , hope ignore he completely . sue be hold up and pass from hand to hand as though she be a frock herself . they take it in turn to shout clarification to they mother . they flutter around dawn , who be now show she pregnancy . faith no word from Bruce , my pet ? it be mean well , but it make dawn bristle . faith all man be beast , darling . dawn that 's what I like about they . faith Dawn ! really ! bill slide over to he grandfather . grandfather GEORGE all hen and no cock . too many woman in the family . they be a different species from we , Bill . Love they , but do not try to understand they . that road lead to ruin . let 's make a nuisance of ourselves . he mingle among the woman , decide to goad he daughter hope . grandfather GEORGE you look frustrated , hope . that husband of yours still can not rise to the occasion ? hope flare up , but bite she tongue and turn away . grandfather GEORGE turn to bill , confidingly . grandfather GEORGE I will not have the husband here . all four marry dud , include you mother . hope he 's a menace . he ought to be lock up . charity do not let he get he claw into you billy , Grace . grandfather GEORGE continue he advice to bill . grandfather GEORGE they will tame you if they can , cage you and feed you tidbit . better retreat to prepare position . he lead bill round to the back garden away from the river . all the bungalow be build up on pier against flooding . he reach under the house and retrieve a old cricket bat and ball . he thrust the ball at bill . grandfather GEORGE bag I bat first . he take guard against the trunk of a old apple tree . bill twist he finger around the ball and bowl a spinner to grandfather GEORGE who wait for it to break , then play it back . the next ball break the other way and clean bowl he . grandfather GEORGE look back at bill with astonishment . grandfather GEORGE that be a googly ! bill I know . grandfather GEORGE you be a dark horse , bowl googly at you age . toss I up another . bill no , you be out , grandpa . it 's my turn . with ill grace , grandfather GEORGE surrender the bat and offer a harmless arthritic delivery which bill thump into the gooseberry bush . grandfather GEORGE curse and prick he finger as he try to retrieve the ball . he look up irritably at the sound of laughter from he daughter . he snarl in they direction . grandfather GEORGE want to know why they be call faith , hope , Grace and Charity ? bill why ? grandfather GEORGE you grandmother . she name they after virtue I lack . that 's marriage for you . he bowl again . bill hammer it away . grandfather GEORGE glare at he , tremble with fury . bill it 's only a game , grandpa . grandfather GEORGE get himself under control and trot off to find the ball . ext . river - day bill and sue be in the dingy , push a stand of reed . bill hang over and bow , haul the boat along by pull on the reed . the parting rush reveal a moorhen nest , neatly suspend above the water on bent-over reed meshed together . there be some dozen speckle egg . bill carefully extract one of they ad place it in a little basket in the boat , which already contain a number of egg which he have presumably take from other nest . further upstream , bill step out of the boat into some shallow . he grope under the water and haul up a night fishing line . sue share he disappointment when there be no catch . ext . bungalow - day the dingy pull up at the landing stage . grandfather GEORGE , use a stick , limp down the garden to meet they . sue hand he the basket of egg . grandfather GEORGE where 's the fish ? no fish , no supper . be off with you and do not come back empty hand . he give the boat a shove with he stick and turn back to the house . sue look weepy . bill mouth some of he repertoire of swear word . from the dormer window , dawn witness they humiliation . she laugh and wave . as grandfather GEORGE turn back to the house , she duck out of sight . ext . weir - day they row up to the head of the weir . bill cast a line and fix the rod to the gunwale , he tie up the boat and slip over the side . he check a net arrangement he have fix at the base of the waterfall to snare unwary fish swim over the weir . it be empty . sue paddle in the soft weed that grow on the step of the weir , let it seep between she toe . bill kneel and run he finger through the same luminous - green weed . they become absorb in it . bill lower he body into the water and let himself slide over the weed . sue follow suit . soon they have discover a glorious game , slide like eel down the weir and plunging into the pool below . back and forth they go . in the far distance , a air raid siren wail , they pay no attention , so catch up be they in they pleasure . sue check the fishing line fix to the boat . nothing . sue I be scared of go back without any fish . I hate grandpa . they look up at the SOUND of ' ack - ack ' fire . bill spot a german plane high above they . bill look like a stray bomber . he 's lose he squadron . suddenly there be a blast of AIR and a booming explosion . two hundred yard up the river , a great plume of water spurt up . they drop flat on the step of the weir . bill peer cautiously over the rim of the waterfall . sue seem he astonishment turn to a broad grin . float towards the weir be dozen of fish stunne by the blast . joyously , they gather they up and throw they into the boat . ext . bungalow - day grace , dawn and the grandpparent all look amaze admiration at the boat laden with fish . grandfather GEORGE this be go too far , young man . bill but grandpa , you say ... grandfather GEORGE I concede I be insistent , but how the Devil ... dawn look sharply at the smug face of she brother and sister . dawn it look a bit fishy to I . grace could we salt they , or smoke they , do you think ? they fall to unload the fish . grandma it 's like feed of the five thousand . it 's a miracle . grandfather GEORGE well , lad . so it 's miracle now , be it ? dawn they will stink the place out by morning . why not invite all you friend to supper , grandpa . he look up darkly from he task . grandfather GEORGE I have no friend , only relation . ext . river - day bill , now wield the pole with great aplomb , send the punt glide up river . dawn heavily pregnant and languidly melancholic , lie in the cushion , bare foot dangle in the river . dawn stiffen as the figure of a man in uniform come run along the riverbank . as he catch up with they , he be reveal as bruce and the uniform of a canadian soldier . he wave and call they . dawn ignore he , the bastard . bill hesitates , but a wither look from dawn keep he on course . bruce level with they . he call across thirty yard of river . bruce Dan ! it 's I ! she refuse even to acknowledge he . under she breath , she instruct bill . dawn keep go . stay on this bank . bill whip up speed , keep to the opposite side of the river from bruce , who wade out up to he knee and hold out he arm , pleadingly . bruce give I a chance to explain . sue wave at he . dawn glower at she . dawn I be go to kill you , Sue rohan . fully clothed , he khaki cap perch on he head , bruce swim out towards the punt . by the time he reach the middle of the river , they be fifty year upstream . bruce swim back to the shore . dripping wet , he run up the riverbank until he be well ahead of the punt and plunge in again . this time , he course coincide with the punt . he grab the side of the boat and hang on , out of breath . bruce could not write ... secret posting ... come as soon as I hear about the baby . dawn grab a paddle and force he under the water . he pop up further down the boat . bruce I go awol to be with you . I be a deserter . she crack the paddle over he head . he sink under the water , he cap float away . bill rescue it . bruce do not reappear . they wait , become alarmed . dawn kneel down , peer into the water . dawn oh , Bruce , Bruce . what have I do ? his head pop up inch from she face . lever himself up on the boat , he kiss she on the mouth . she grab he hair smother he with kiss . dawn I miss you so much . bill and sue exchange disgust look . int . church - day they be all gather together . grandfather GEORGE , grandma , grace , hope , charity , bill and sue . clive , in uniform , give he daughter way . mac and molly be together again all witness the quiet , subdued marriage of dawn and bruce . the only guest be two military policemen sit in the back . they appear to be ordinary soldier until they step outside the church and put they red cap on . ext . church - day the bridal pair come out and the vicar , considerably embarrassed , make he excuse and back away . a picture be take . the redcap seize bruce by each arm . dawn cling to he , a last kiss , and he be borne away . they all stand at the church door wave to he as he be drive away in a jeep . there be some dutiful sniff from the woman , but since dawn seem quite happy , there be no need for sympathetic tear . grace impulsively hug molly . grace I be so glad you could come . here we be , all together again . molly happy as can be . in the old groove . clive shake mac 's hand warmly . mac so you be go to be a grandfather . clive and I be still just a lad myself . mac do not bother to grow up . it 's no fun at all . ext . bungalow - day the party be on the veranda . bill and sue sit on the step . grandfather be alone on the swing seat . grace and she three sister be a sting quartet . they finish a piece . the other clap . it leave they a little melancholy . grandfather GEORGE what can you do with four daughter , I ask myself , a string quartet be all I could come up with . they hate I for make they learn . grace and now we be glad you do . clive raise he glass . he be tipsy . clive here 's to music . and absent friend . mac and absent bridegroom ! clive and the bride . all the bride . clive and here 's to my CO . he 's wangle I a posting close to home . he say you house burn down , you daughter get marry , you be always on compassionate leave . you might as well stay down there ! there be cry of congratulation and encouragement . grace I have find a bungalow to rent up the towpath , clive . I never want to leave the river again . the child have have such a wonderful summer . clive Fair enough . ( raise glass ) the river . all the river . clive and loyal friend . he tip he glass at mac , who squirm a little . the drink have make clive sound excessively sincere and sentimental , so much so that if he be sober , it might seem like irony . clive ... and good and faithful wife . he point he glass at molly and grace and wave it at the sister and dawn . clive we hope , and trust . he laugh , and the other join in , a awkward moment . grace and molly catch each other eye . clive and grumpy grandfather . grandfather GEORGE since you be shortly to join we rank , I throw down the gauntlet . a cricket match . you and Mac against Bill and I . back garden . the three man and one boy rise to the challenge and file down the side of the house to the lawn at the back . clive you know Mac play for Surrey second , and I open for the indian Army . be you sure ... grandfather GEORGE wave he objection aside . mac ( to clive , a aside ) it 's a olive branch . take it . it 's the best he can do . ext . bungalow - garden - day grandfather GEORGE we be put you in to bat . he hand clive the bat , and flip the ball to bill with a broad wink . clive take guard against the apple tree , which be now heavy with fruit . bill bowl . the ball turn , beat the bat . mac pat down the grass where the ball bounce . clive Fine delivery , Bill , good length . turned a bit too . grandfather GEORGE hand the ball back to bill and nudge he . grandfather GEORGE ( whisper ) give he the you-know - what . bill very well , grandpa . bill deliver he googly . it bamboozle be father who pop up catch and bowl . clive be startle . as mac take the bat , clive offer a warning . clive I think it be a googly . mac take guard . bill bowl . he play forward , smother the spin . still no run . the next ball be pitch short . mac play back , wait for the ball to break in from the leg which it do more sharply than he expect . he just manage to dig it out . the next be the googly . mac do not spot it . it cut i from the off and clean bowl he . grandfather GEORGE cackle triumphantly . grandfather GEORGE googly . you do not spot it either . clive I teach he how and now he turn it against I . grandfather GEORGE the law of life . cruel , be not it ? mac the wick old bugger . grandfather GEORGE this boy will make he way in the world . grandfather GEORGE slap bill on the back with such enthusiasm that he send the boy sprawling . clive catch he , hold he close and whisper in he ear . clive I be proud of you . cries of alarm come from the house . clive hear he name call . they hurry back . int . bungalow - live room - day the man arrive to find the woman in a state of alarm . they be gather in a knot around dawn . bill push he way forward . grace clive , go for the doctor . it 's Dawn . she 's in labour . bill peer between the woman and catch a glimpse of dawn stand arched against a chair , one hand support the baby 's head which have appear between she leg . clive hot water ! lot of hot water ! faith what for ? clive I do not know . they always say that at the picture . he rush out . ext . bungalow - veranda - day clive run down to veranda step . hope she just go to the toilet , and it come out . mac join clive and they run to the boat and fumble awkwardly with the oar . int . bungalow - live room - day grace try to be calm . she hold dawn gingerly . grace now take deep breath , and push . dawn why ? it 's come on its own . it do not hurt . bill come to sue 's side and they catch another glimpse of the baby 's head . sue wrinkle she nose . sue it 's all sticky . bill pass clean out and crumple to the floor . fade to black : ext . ground of a great house - day bill be run flat out , run for he life . he pass a blurred orchard , a garden , a park . ext . new bungalow - day bill , still run hard , look over he shoulder and turn in to a bungalow that face on to the river . int . new bungalow - day the live room be cheerful and spacious . out of the window , the sun set over the river . dawn breast - feed the baby , now a week or two old . grace knit a tiny pair of legging . sue be draw a picture . clive snooze in a armchair . they be listen to churchill on the wireless . churchill ( v.o. ) ... it be not the end . it be not the beginning . bill enter , flushed and panting . his eye be bright with excitement . he go to dawn and , reach inside he shirt , pull out a peach and hand it to she reverentially . bill I scrump it . I nearly get catch . they chase I for age . dawn take 's it . it look pretty miserable . most of the furry skin have rubbed off during its hazardous journey next to bill 's skin . dawn 's first impulse be to make a sarcastic comment , but in she new maturity , she bite it back and smile . dawn you do that for I , and on the last day of you holiday ? bill ( blush ) well , for the baby , really . dawn thank you billy , from the baby and I . int . grandfather george' car - day grandfather GEORGE drive he old armstrong siddeley sapphire along the river towpath . beside he sit a very morose bill wear a school cap , with a satchel , gasmask , and a suitcase on he lap . grandfather GEORGE adjust the advance / retard lever and glare at the sullen boy . grandfather GEORGE you miserable little tripe-hound . I be the one who should be feed up , sacrifice my last sup of black market petrol to take you to school . bill I have to live in rosehill Avenue as well . grandfather GEORGE only till they get you into the local school . bill with Mrs. Evans . I hate she . grandfather GEORGE you will be at home for the weekend . now shut up , or walk . they pass a film unit set up equipment on the river bank . extras dress as soldier - Germans , british , american - lounge , smoke and drink tea . grandfather GEORGE strap fellow play silly bugger with a war on . outrageous . bill crane back watch as long as he can . ext . school - day the car draw up outside the school entrance . a grim wall surround the institution and bill get out , head hang low , and walk towards the gate as though to the gallow . grandfather GEORGE watch from the car . he grip the steering wheel angrily . a teacher stride past . grandfather GEORGE shout after he out of the window . grandfather GEORGE all you do be knock the sense out of they and fill they up with muck . ext . schoolyard - day as bill enter , he be astonished to see hundred of child in a state of delirious celebration . boy fling they cap in the air . they cheer . they whoop . they run amok . behind they lie the smoulder ruin of the school . bill cheer louder than anyone . he remember he grandfather , turn on he heel and run back to the road . ext . school - day grandfather GEORGE be awkwardly turn the car in the road . he drive off . bill run flat out and come up to the window , shouting . bill grandpa ! there 's no school ! it 's be hit by a bomb ! grandfather GEORGE slow up . grandfather GEORGE I have to hand it to you , Bill , you come up with some good one . go back and take you medicine . he drive off leave bill strand . a fire engine and arp vehicle race up to the school . they pass grandfather GEORGE and doubt show in be face . he stop , get out . boy be spilling out of school , cheer . bill run up to he . bill it 's true . grandfather GEORGE you be much more convincing when you be make it up . they get into the car . bill grandpa , if you think of something hard enough , can you make it happen ? grandfather GEORGE apparently so . a bark laugh well up and escape he throat . it burst forth in great wave like a flood that have be damme up for year . ext . river - day grandfather GEORGE 's laugh , and bill 's too , ring out over the autumn river which beckon to bill with the promise of steal day . the en ] D