1958 T h E h o R R o R o F D R a C U L a a Hammer Film cast Count dracula .................... Christopher Lee von helsing ........................ Peter cush Arthur holmwood .................... Michael gough mina holmwood .................. Melissa strible Lucy holmwood ........................ Carol marsh Jonathan harker .................. John Van eyssen Dr. seward .................... Charles Lloyd pack T R a N S y L V a N I a May 3 , 1885 late afternoon outside Castle dracula Jonathan harker approach > from the diary of Jonathan harker : " May 3 , 1885 . at last my long journey be grow to its close . what the eventual end will be , I can not forsee . but whatever may happen , I can rest secure that I will have do all in my power to achieve success . the last lap of my journey , from the village of klausenberg , prove to the more difficult than I have anticipate due to the reluctance on the part of the coach driver to take I all the way . however , as there be no other transport available , I be force to travel the last few kilometer on foot before arrive at Castle dracula . the castle appear innocuous enough in the warm afternoon sun , and it all seem normal but for one thing -- there be no bird sing . as I cross the wooden bridge and enter the gateway , it suddenly seem to become much colder due , no doubt , to the icy water of the mountain stream I have just cross . however , I deem myself lucky to have secure this post , and do not intend to falter in my purpose . " harker enter the Castle the Castle parlour harker read letter leave on table laden with food harker : " my dear harker , I be sorry I be unable to meet you . eat well , make yourself comfortable . dracula . " later that evening harker , meal finish , begin to write in diary enter woman harker : I be sorry . I do not hear you come in . my name 's Jonathan harker . I be the new librarian . woman : you will help I , will not you ? say you will , please . harker : how can I help you ? woman : take I away from here . harker : but why ? woman : he 's keep I prisoner . harker : who be ? Count dracula ? I be afraid I do not understand . woman : oh , please ! please , help I to escape . exit woman enter dracula dracula : Mr. harker , I be glad that you have arrive safely . harker : Count dracula ? dracula : I be dracula . and I welcome you to my house . I must apologize for not be here to greet you personally , but I trust that you have find everything you need ? harker : thank you , sir . it be most thoughtful . dracula : it be the least I could do after such a journey . harker : yes , it be a long journey . dracula : and tiring for you , no doubt . permit I to show you to you room . harker : ( pick up suitcase ) thank you , sir . dracula : please , allow I . unfortunately , my housekeeper be away at the moment . a family bereavement , you understand . harker : yes , of course . dracula : however , I think you will find that everything have be prepare for you comfort . harker : how soon may I start work , sir ? dracula : as soon as you wish . there be a large number of volume to be index . harker 's bedchamber harker and dracula enter dracula : be there anything else you require , Mr. harker ? harker : no , I do not think so . you have be very kind . dracula : on the contrary , it be entirely my privilege . I consider myself fortunate to have find such a distinguished scholar to act as my librarian . harker : I like quiet and seclusion . this house , I think , offer that . dracula : then we be both satisfied . a admirable arrangement . but there be just one more thing , Mr. harker . I have to go out , and I will not be back until after sundown tomorrow . but , until then , please look upon this house as you own . good night , Mr. harker . harker : good night , sir . exit dracula harker : ( begin to unpack ) enter dracula dracula : as I shall be away for so long , I think it better that you should have a key to the library , Mr. harker . harker : thank you . dracula : you will find the library to the leave of the hall . ( point to picture on bureau ) May I ? harker : yes , certainly . dracula : ( pick up picture ) you wife ? harker : no , my fiancee . dracula : you be a very fortunate man , Mr. harker . May I ask she name ? harker : Lucy ... Lucy holmwood . dracula : charm ... charming . harker : you be very kind . dracula : good night . sleep well , Mr. harker . exit dracula , lock door behind he harker : ( write in diary ) " at last I have meet Count dracula . he accept I as a man who have agree to work among he book ... as I intend . it only remain for I now to await the daylight hour when , with God 's help , I will forever end this man 's reign of terror . " later harker , doze in chair , be awaken by doorknob turn harker open bedroom door , and look up and down hallway see parlour door close the parlour enter harker woman : ( appear from behind door ) Mr. harker , you will help I ? harker : if it 's still possible . but , tell I , why be Count dracula keep you prisoner ? woman : I can not tell you that . harker : but if I be to help you , I must know . woman : I be sorry . it 's not possible . harker : you make it very difficult for I . after all , I be a guest here . if I be to help you , I must have a reason . woman : a reason ! you ask for a reason ! be it not reason enough that he keep I lock up in this house , hold I against my will ? you can have no idea of what a evil man he be or the terrible thing he do . I could not ... dare not ... try to leave on my own . he would find I again , I know . but , with you to help I , I would have a chance . oh , you must help I . you must ! you be my only hope . you must ! harker : ( hold she in he arm ) I will help you , I promise . please do not distress yourself . woman : thank you . ( she bite harker 's neck . ) harker : ( pushes vampiress away ) enter dracula dracula : ( fights with woman ) woman : ( Falls to floor ) harker : ( fights with dracula and be knock unconscious ) exit dracula , carry woman the next afternoon harker 's bedchamber harker awaken sprawle on top he bedcover harker : ( look out window , try to open door but find it lock . look in mirror and see bite on he neck , write in diary ) : " I have become a victim of dracula and the woman in he parlour . it may be that I be doom to be one of they . if that be so , I can only pray that whoever find my body will possess the knowledge to do what be necessary to release my soul . I have lose a day . soon it will be dark . while my sense be still my own , I must do what I set out to do . I must find the rest place of dracula and , there , end he existence forever . " climb out window ; hide diary in roadshide shrine harker : " soon it will be sundown , and they will walk again . I do not have much time . " harker enter crypt drive stake through vampiress 's heart dracula awaken as sun set several day later klausenburgh Inn enter Van helsing innkeeper : good day , sir . helsing : good day . May I have a brandy , please ? innkeeper : certainly , sir . travel far ? helsing : not much farther , I hope . be it possible to have a meal ? innkeeper : well , yes , sir . inga ! only a simple one , I be afraid , sir . you change , sir . we do not get many traveler in this part ... not that stop anyway . enter inga helsing : you have one a few day ago , I believe , a Mr. harker . innkeeper : harker , sir ? helsing : yes , he 's a friend of mine . he write I from this address . innkeeper : not here , sir . inga : I remember the gentleman . he give I a letter to post . innkeeper : hold you tongue , girl . helsing : be this the letter ? inga : I be not sure . helsing : perhaps you will remember the name ... Dr. Van helsing ? inga : I be not sure . innkeeper : go and prepare a meal for this gentleman . at once , do you hear I ? exit inga helsing : what be you afraid of ? innkeeper : I do not understand you . helsing : why all this garlic flower ? over the window ? and up here ? they be not for decoration , be they ? innkeeper : I do not know what you be talk about . helsing : I think you do . and I think you know something about my friend . he come here with a purpose ... to help you . innkeeper : we have not ask for any help . helsing : you need it all the same . innkeeper : look , sir , you be a stranger here in klausenburgh . some thing be best leave alone , such as interfere in thing which be beyond we power . helsing : please do not misunderstand I . this be more than a superstition , I know . the danger be very real . if the investigation which Mr. harker and I be engage upon be successful , not only you but the whole world will benefit . Castle dracula be somewhere here in klausenburgh . will you tell I how I get there ? innkeeper : you order a meal , sir . as the innkeeper , it be my duty to serve you . when you have eat , I ask you to go and leave we in peace . enter inga , carry table set inga : you meal will be ready in a minute , sir , if you would like to take a seat . helsing : thank you . inga : ( whisper ) this be find at the crossroad near that place . he tell I to burn it . but you friend be such a nice gentleman , I could not . helsing : ( lift napkin to find harker 's diary ) the next day Castle dracula Van helsing 's carriage arrive ; dracula 's funeral carriage depart helsing : ( enter castle ) harker ? ( go upstairs ) harker ? Van helsing enter harker 's vacant bed chamber find break pictureframe which once hold Lucy 's picture . enter crypt . find harker in coffin . drive stake through harker 's heart . ************************************************ k a R L S T a D T ten day later the holmwood parlour early afternoon Van helsing address Arthur and mina holmwood helsing : I be sorry , Mr. holmwood , but I really can not tell you anything more about how he die . arthur : can not or will not ? helsing : whichever you wish . arthur : Dr. Van helsing , I be not at all satisfied . you suddenly appear and tell we that Jonathan harker be dead . and yet you will not tell we where or how he die . I find it extremely suspicious . mina : Arthur ! arthur : you have the death certificate ? helsing : yes . arthur : sign by you . mina : when do he die , Doctor ? helsing : ten day ago , Mrs. holmwood . arthur : ten day ago ! where be he bury ? helsing : he be cremate . arthur : by whose authority ? helsing : his own . as he friend and colleague , he tell I some time ago that he would wish it . arthur : you must know that Jonathan be go to marry my sister , Lucy . surely you could have write ? helsing : I feel it would have be less of a shock if I come and tell she personally . arthur : I would rather you do not see my sister . my wife and I will tell she . helsing : very well . I be sorry . will you please express my sympathy to miss Lucy ? if she wish to get in touch with I , I be at she service . enter gerda arthur : oh , gerda , Dr. Van helsing be leave . will you show he to the door ? gerda : yes , sir . helsing : good day . arthur : sir. exit gerda and helsing arthur : why all this secrecy ? why would not he tell we ? mina : darling , Dr. Van helsing be a very eminent man . whatever he motive , you can be sure he have a good reason for they . in any case , we can not help poor Jonathan now . Lucy be the one we must think of . arthur : be she well enough to be tell ? it will be a terrible blow for she . mina : she must know sometime . we will not disturb she afternoon rest . we will see how she be this evening . later that evening Lucy 's bedroom Arthur and mina prepare Lucy for bed lucy : Jonathan will be home soon , I know it . then I will get better , you will see . I will not be a trouble to Dr. seward or any of you . mina : Lucy , you be no trouble to anyone . now , rest . get some sleep . you have get to get some colour back into that cheek . good night , Lucy . lucy : good night , mina . good night , Arthur . mina : sleep well . lucy : I will try . exit mina and Arthur lucy : ( open window , remove crucifix from around she neck , lie back on she bed and touch mark on neck ) . meanwhile the Van helsing parlour Van helsing listen to grammaphone voice on grammaphone : " ... search for vampire . certain basic fact establish . 1 ) Light . the vampire allergic to light . never venture forth in the daytime . sunlight fatal ...repeat ... fatal . would destroy they . 2 ) garlic . vampire repell by odour of garlic . memo : check final arrangement with harker before he leave for klausenburgh . 3 ) the crucifix , symbolize the power of good over evil . the power of the crucifix in this case ... " offstage : knock on door helsing : come in . enter valet valet : you ring , sir ? helsing : oh , yes . I want this letter deliver first thing in the morning . will you see to that ? valet : yes . helsing : thank you . valet : thank you , sir . helsing : anything the matter ? what be it ? valet : well , sir , to tell you the truth , when I be outside I think I hear you talk to someone . helsing : well , of course you do . I be talk to myself . you will not forget that letter , will you ? valet : no , sir . yes , sir . exit valet voice on grammaphone : " the power of the crucifix in this case be twofold . it protect the normal human be but reveal the vampire or victim of this vile contagion when in advanced stage . " helsing : ( dictate into grammaphone ) : establish that victim consciously detest be dominate by vampirism but be unable to relinquish the practice , similar to addiction to drug . ultimately , death result from loss of blood . but , unlike normal death , no peace manifest itself for they enter into the fearful state of the undead . since the death of Jonathan harker , Count dracula , the propagator of this unspeakable evil , have disappear . he must be find and destroy . Lucy 's bedroom Lucy lie awake in bed enter dracula the next morning the holmwood parlour mina and Dr. seward exit Lucy 's bedroom mina : she seem so much weaker , Doctor . seward : it 's a puzzle case , Mrs. holmwood . the symptom be that of anemia , and I be treat she for this . it can be a slow process , of course . but I have hope for more encourage sign by now . enter tania tania : please , may I see auntie Lucy ? mina : not today , tania . tania : be she very ill ? mina : I be afraid so . tania : do you know what 's wrong with she ? seward : of course , I do . tania : then why do not you make she better ? enter gerda gerda : tania ? tania , how many time have I tell you not to go bother Mrs. holmwood ? I be sorry , ma'am . mina : that 's all right , gerda . exit gerda and tania seward : a child 's logic can be most disconcert . mina : yes . seward : would you like a second opinion , Mrs. holmwood ? mina : thank you , doctor . I will think about it . seward : well , carry on with the medicine and diet I have prescribe . and plenty of fresh air . mina : yes , doctor , I will . good day to you . seward : good day . exit seward mina : ( open letter ) several hour later the Van helsing parlour helsing prepare he medical bag offstage : knock on door helsing : come in . enter mina helsing : Mrs. holmwood , how very good of you to come . please , will you sit down ? mina : thank you . you mention in you letter some thing of Jonathan 's . helsing : yes , I have they ready . I would have bring they myself but ... mina : I do understand . but you must appreciate that Mr. holmwood be very upset . helsing : of course . I only wish that I could have be more helpful . how do miss Lucy take the news ? mina : we have not tell she yet . she 's ill ... very ill . helsing : I be sorry to hear that . May I ask what 's the matter with she ? mina : it be all so sudden . it happen about ten day ago . we family doctor say it 's anemia . I be very unhappy about it . I have nothing against Dr. seward , please do not think that , but he do say I could have a second opinion . helsing : I would like to see she at once . mina : I would be so grateful . helsing : if you will excuse I . that afternoon Lucy 's bedroom Van helsing and mina address bedrid Lucy mina : Lucy , I have bring someone to see you ... Dr. Van helsing . he 's a friend of Jonathan 's . helsing : miss Lucy . what lovely flower . lucy : Jonathan 's dead , be not he ? it 's true , be not it ? helsing : I be sorry . mina : do Arthur tell you ? lucy : nobody tell I . I just know . be that why Dr. helsing be here ? helsing : partly . mina : Dr. helsing 's a specialist . he 's come to help you . lucy : Jonathan 's tell I so many thing about you . helsing : Nice thing , I hope . lucy : oh , very nice . helsing : now , let 's see . ( examine Lucy 's head and neck ) ummm . now do not you worry . we will soon have you well again . lucy : good bye , doctor . I be sorry you have a waste journey ... about Jonathan , I mean . helsing : it be not waste , I promise you . good day , miss Lucy . mina and Van helsing exit Lucy 's bedroom mina : how could she have know of Jonathan 's death ? helsing : a premonition . it 's not uncommon . mina : she take it so calmly . it worry I . helsing : I be afraid there be more urgent thing to worry about . that mark on she neck . when do they first appear ? mina : well , I notice they first shortly after she become ill . I ask she about they , and she say that she think she would be stung . it be quite possible , of course . Dr. seward say she must have plenty of fresh air . the window be open all the time . helsing : between the hour of sunset and sunrise , all the window in she room , with the possible exception of a small fanlight for ventilation , must be keep shut . mina : but Dr. seward say ... helsing : Mrs. holmwood . you call I in for a second opinion . if I be to help you sister at all , there be certain thing you must do to help I however unorthodox they may appear . mina : yes , I know , but ... helsing : if you love miss Lucy , be guide by I , I beg you . mina : I will do anything to make she well again . helsing : you must get some garlic flower ... as many as you can . place they by she window and she door and by she bedside . they may be take out during the day but , under no circumstance even if the patient implore you , must they be remove at night . I can not impress upon you strongly enough how important it be that you obey my instruction . do exactly as I say and we may be able to save she . if you do not , she will die . I will be here in the morning . that night Lucy 's bedroom Lucy lie in bed , gasp enter gerda gerda : heavens , child ! what be it ? lucy : oh , gerda . this flower ! I can not stand they . gerda : they do smell so , miss , but Mrs. holmwood say that ... lucy : I do not care what she say . please take they away , please . gerda : well ...? lucy : please , gerda . they stifle I . gerda : all right , miss . I will take they out . lucy : and the window . you will open the window ? gerda : yes , miss Lucy , if that 's what you want . ( open window and remove vase of garlic ) I will come back for the rest . exit gerda the next morning Lucy 's bedroom seward cover Lucy 's face with sheet . Arthur and mina stand nearby , sobbing seward : there be nothing I could do to save she . enter gerda follow by helsing seward : Dr. Van ...? helsing : Mrs. holmwood , do you do as I tell you ? arthur : she do , and you have see the result . mina : but Arthur ... gerda : please , sir . Excuse I , sir . it be all my fault . she could not breathe . she look so ill . she begge I to open the window and throw away all the plant . oh , I know you tell I not to , ma'am , but I ... helsing : gerda , what time be this ? gerda : it be about midnight . I hear a noise and ... helsing : all right . you may go now . gerda : yes , sir . thank you , sir . oh , I be so sorry , sir . arthur : whatever happen , all I know be that you have bring we nothing but grief . first Jonathan , and now Lucy . whoever you be and whatever you motive , please go and leave we in peace . helsing : Mr. holmwood , when I tell you about Jonathan , I think it best for you peace of mind to spare the detail of the dreadful circumstance in which he die . but the tragic death of you sister be so closely link with Jonathan 's that I think you should now know the truth . I can not expect you to believe I , but you will , I know , believe Jonathan . here be he last word ... he diary . when you have read it , you will understand . three evening later the holmwood parlour Arthur and mina take tea enter gerda arthur : what be it , gerda ? gerda : it 's a policeman , sir . he 's get tania with he . mina : tania ? arthur : show he in , gerda . gerda : very good , sir . enter Officer and tania officer : good evening , ma'am . good evening , sir . arthur : what be it , officer ? officer : I find this little girl here . she be very distress indeed . tell they what you tell I . tania : I do not want to . mina : oh , tania . there 's no need to be frighten . now come on over here . sit with I and tell I all about it . now you do not want Mr. holmwood to think you be a crybaby , do you ? you be a big girl now . now , come on , tell I what happen . tania : well , I be out by myself , and she come up to I , and she say , " hello , tania , shall we go for a little walk ? " and I say , " yes , " and we go for a walk . and then someone come along and she run away and leave I , and I be alone . mina : who be she ? who do you see ? come on , tell I . who be she ? tania : aunt Lucy ! that night Lucy 's crypt Arthur peer into Lucy 's empty coffin the holmwood Garden tania approach Lucy tania : I hear you call I , aunt Lucy . lucy : yes , dear . come along . tania : you be cold . where be we go ? lucy : for a little walk . I know somewhere nice and quiet where we can play . after midnight Cemetery Arthur wait near Lucy 's coffin enter Lucy and tania hand in hand tania : be it much further , aunt Lucy ? I be so tired . lucy : we be nearly there , my darling . arthur : Lucy ! lucy : Arthur , dear brother . arthur : Lucy ! lucy : dear Arthur , why do not you come sooner ? come , let I kiss you . enter helsing , hold cross lucy : ( scream ) helsing : ( touch cross to Lucy 's forehead ; it leave a mark ) exit Lucy into crypt exit Arthur , follow Lucy helsing : ( hand coat to tania ) put this on . tania : I want to go home . helsing : and so you shall . I will just go and fetch Mr. holmwood and then we can all go home together . tania : not aunt Lucy ? helsing : no , not aunt Lucy . now , you sit there and be a good girl . there . you look like a teddy bear now . will you wear this pretty thing ? Van helsing place crucifix around tania 's neck helsing : there , be not that lovely ? now , you promise not to run away ? tania : I promise . helsing : good . if you watch over there , you will see the sun come up . keep warm . helsing enter crypt helsing : you understand now ? arthur : but why Lucy ? helsing : because of Jonathan . you read my note in he diary about the woman he find at klausenburgh . this be dracula 's revenge . Lucy be to replace that woman . arthur : oh , no ! helsing : I watch she tomb each night since she be interred three day ago . tonight she venture out for the first time . holmwood , I know you one wish be that Lucy should rest in peace . I promise to fulfill that wish but first , if I have you consent , she can lead we to dracula . arthur : how can you suggest such a thing ? that she should be possess by this evil for another second ! and what about gerda 's child out there ? and the other she will defile ? oh , no , I could not . I could not . helsing : of course . will you take that child home and then meet I back here in about a hour 's time ? it 's all right . it 's nearly dawn . she will not leave the coffin again . a hour later Lucy 's crypt helsing unwrap hammer and several wooden stake arthur : be there no other way ? helsing : ( shake head ) arthur : but it 's horrible ! helsing : please try and understand . this be not Lucy , the sister you love . it 's only she shell , possess and corrupt by the evil of dracula . liberate she soul and give it eternal peace . we must destroy that shell for all time ! believe I , there be no other way . helsing drive stake through Lucy 's heart about a hour later in the early morning the Van helsing parlour helsing offer drink to Arthur who be read harker 's diary helsing : drink this . arthur : I be all right now . helsing : drink it . arthur : thanks . there 's so much in Jonathan 's diary I do not understand . can dracula really be as old as it say here ? helsing : we believe it 's possible . vampire be know to have go on from century to century . record show that Count dracula could be five or six hundred year old . arthur : another thing . I always understand that , if there be such thing , they could change themselves into bat or wolf . helsing : that 's a common fantasy . holmwood , the study of this creature have be my life 's work . I have carry out research with some of the great authority in Europe and yet we have only just scratch the surface . you see , a great deal be know about the vampire bat . but detail of this reanimate body of the dead ... the undead as we call they ... be so obscure that many biologist will not believe they exist . of course , you be shocked and bewilder . how can you expect to understand in so short a time ? but you ; have read and experience enough to know that this unholy cult must be wipe out . I hope perhaps that you will help I . arthur : I will do anything you say . helsing : thank you . of course , we do know certain thing . you witness one a little while ago . we also know that , during the day , the vampire must rest in he native soil . now , when I go to Castle dracula , a hearse come tear through the gate . in that hearse be a coffin . I believe it contain dracula and a bit of he own earth . to get here , that hearse would have to come by the frontier of ingstadt . they will have a record there of where it be go . we need that address . will you come with I to ingstadt ? arthur : how long will it take ? I must let mina know . helsing : with any luck , we should be back by tomorrow morning . ************************* I N G S T a D T that evening a douane Station Van helsing and Arthur speak with the douane Officer douane : I be afraid that be quite out of the question , sir . against regulation . helsing : all we want to know be where the coffin be go . douane : I can not give away information without proper authority . helsing : this be a matter of great urgency . I be a doctor . duoane : I be sorry , sir . meanwhile in k a R L S T a D T the holmwood parlour mina sit alone , mend enter gerda gerda : there be a young lad with a message for you . personal , he say . he would not give it to I . mina : all right , gerda . I will see he . enter lad mina : yes ? lad : you Mrs. holmwood ? mina : I be . lad : get a message for you . you be to go to 49 frederickstrasse right away , he say . and you be not to tell anyone . mina : who say ? lad : Arthur holmwood , he call himself . Said you would know he . mina : that 's impossible . my husband 's go to ingstadt . lad : not if he give I this message , he have not . and he give I this message . good night . I N G S T a D T the douane Station Van helsing and Arthur dicker with the douane Officer douane : you have get to have permission from the ministry in write . I have my order , and I must obey they . it be laid down in the government regulation that , under no circumstance ... arthur : ( place money on the table ) douane : ...under no circumstance may a unauthorize person be permit to examine ... arthur : ( place more money on the table ) douane : of course , in the case of a emergency , we do sometimes make a exception to that . see this gentleman be a doctor ... when do you say it be , sir ? helsing : December the first . douane : December the first . klausenburgh to karlstadt . let I see . here it be . one hearse . one coffin . J. marx , 49 frederickstrasse , karlstadt . *********************************** k a R L S T a D T that evening 49 frederickstrasse : property of J. marx , undertaker and mortician enter mina mina : Arthur ? Arthur ? dracula : ( rise from coffin ) early the next morning the holmwood parlour Van helsing and holmwood finish cup of tea gerda : be you sure I can not get you anything to eat , sir ? arthur : no , thank you , gerda . we have not time . but I would like a word with Mrs. holmwood before we go . would you go up , please , and see if she 's awake yet ? gerda : yes , sir . exit gerda helsing : be you ready ? arthur : ( nod ) enter gerda gerda : she 's not there , sir . arthur : not there ? gerda : no , sir . enter mina mina : good morning . arthur : mina , you give I quite a fright . where have you be at this hour of the morning ? mina : it be such a lovely day , I get up early and go for a walk in the garden . I do not expect you back so soon . arthur : I be afraid I have get to go out again . mina : when will you be back ? arthur : I can not say for sure . mina , you look pale . be you all right ? mina : Arthur , darling , do not fuss . I feel perfectly well . good bye , darling . later that morning 49 frederickstrasse marx lead Van helsing and holmwood into mortuary marx : perhaps you would better let I lead the way . I know this step . they can be dangerous . we do not want to have a accident , do we ? no , we do not , but , you know , a old man come here once to see he dead depart . he fall down this stair ... ha ha ... quite amusing . he come to pay he last respects , and he remain to share they . quite amusing ! well , well , where be we ? where be we ? it 's around the back somewhere . it 's bound to be at the back . come on , this way , gentleman . you follow I . I know where it be . this way . well now , that 's extraordinary ! it be there , I know it be , cause I see it only yesterday . but , I really do not know , sir , who could have move it . that evening the holmwood parlour Van helsing and Arthur study map ; mina sit on couch sewing arthur : the driver of the hearse might have lie to the frontier official about where he be go . helsing : yes , but that fellow at the morgue be not lie . he be really surprised when he see the coffin be not there . he must have have it sometime . no , I think he 's still somewhere here in karlstadt . arthur : but where ? this be a big town . helsing : there be not many place he can hide , do not forget . mina : what be you two be so mysterious about over there ? arthur : we will be with you in a moment , my darling . there be a old neglect graveyard about three mile from here ... somewhere in this area . St. Joseph 's . give I just one moment . mina , my dear , do not think I be be silly , but I would feel much happier if , during my absence , you would wear this for I . please do not ask I why , but just wear it for my sake . Arthur hand mina a crucifix mina : Arthur , I ...i ... arthur : please , mina . Arthur place crucifix in mina 's palm mina : ( gasp and faint . the crucifix have burn a mark in she palm . ) arthur : you say Lucy would lead we to dracula . why do not I listen to you ? this would never have happen . helsing : you must not blame yourself for that , but you must have the courage to let mina lead we now . we will give she every protection we can . tonight , we will watch the window of she room . they face two side , do not they ? arthur : yes . helsing : I know I ask a great deal of you , but you must not weaken now . we have it within we power to rid the world of this evil . and , with God 's help , we will succeed . that night outside the holmwood House helsing and Arthur stand vigil the holmwood bedroom mina prepare for bed enter dracula the next morning after dawn the holmwood foyer enter Van helsing and Arthur helsing : mina 's safe now , but we must keep watch again tonight . you would better get some rest . arthur : what about you ? helsing : I will be all right in there , if I may ? arthur : right . I will get you a rug from we room . helsing : thank you . exit Arthur arthur : ( from offstage ) mina ! exit Van helsing to the holmwood bedroom mina lie on she bed , drain of blood later the holmwood bedroom Van helsing and gerda remove tub from a transfusion of Arthur 's blood to mina helsing : just sit still like that for a minute . arthur : will she be all right ? helsing : I think so . let I see you arm . steady . you all right ? yes , that 's very good . now , you will need plenty of fluid . tea or coffee or , better still , wine . go down and have some now . that 's a good fellow . do not worry . gerda and I will take care of she . exit Arthur helsing : just bathe she forehead , will you , gerda ? gerda : yes , sir . later that evening the holmwood parlour Arthur relax in a chair sip a drink enter Van helsing arthur : how be she now ? helsing : she 's react very well . arthur : thank God . how do he get in ? we watch the house all night ! you theory must be wrong . he can change into something else . he must be able to . how else could he have get in ? helsing : I wish I know . enter gerda gerda : madam 's sleep now , sir . helsing : she must not be leave . arthur : I will go up to she . I would like to . you stay and rest and have some wine . I be sure you need both . gerda , will you fetch another bottle ? gerda : oh , sir , I do not like to . you know what happen last time when I disobey Mrs. holmwood 's order . arthur : what do you mean ? gerda : well , sir , madam tell I the other day that I must on no account go down to the cellar . exit helsing moment later the holmwood cellar enter Van helsing helsing : ( see dracula 's empty coffin ) enter dracula dracula : ( see Van helsing ) exit dracula , lock cellar door helsing : ( place crucifix on dracula 's coffin , then bang on door ) holmwood ! holmwood ! arthur : ( open cellar door ) . offstage : gerda scream the holmwood parlour gerda cry hysterically enter Van helsing and Arthur helsing : gerda , what 's happen ? gerda : ( hysterically ) he be here ! I be come back to madam when the guy come up here . he look like the devil ! arthur : ( slap gerda ) now , what happen ? gerda : he come in here , and he pick madam up like she be a baby ... helsing : calm yourself , calm yourself . the one place he can make for now be home . later that night the Road from karlsburgh to Castle dracula Van helsing and Arthur bend over dead man helsing : it 's a coach driver . he 's be dead about half a hour . Van helsing and Arthur return to carriage and drive on arthur : do you think dracula kill that coachman ? helsing : of course he do . without a coach , he would never get home before sunrise . he would be dead . arthur : but even if he do get home , we ... helsing : he would hide in the castle vault for year . we would lose he there . arthur : and mina ? much later that night Van helsing and Arthur drive furiously in they carriage arthur : it 's get light . ************************************ C a S T L E D R a C U L a near dawn outside Castle dracula dracula drop mina into a freshly dig grave and begin to bury she mina : ( scream ) enter helsing and Arthur in carriage arthur : look ! Arthur run to mina ; helsing chase dracula into Castle the parlour in Castle dracula dracula and Van helsing struggle dracula : ( overpower Van helsing and attempt to bite he neck ) helsing : ( break away , leap on table , and tear down curtain , let in sunlight ) dracula : ( scream and fall to floor ) helsing : ( hold candlestick in the form of a cross ) dracula : ( turn into dust ) ( the mark on mina 's hand disappear ) the end