horrible boss written by Michael markowitz April 14 , 2010 fade in : 1 int . nick's apartment - late night 1 look incredibly weary , nick water , 30' , enter he apartment in he business suit . he stumble into -- 2 int . nick's bedroom - continuous action 2 he drop he briefcase , strip off he jacket , loosen he tie and collapse onto the bed like a dead man . pan over to the alarm clock which read " 1:23 am . " match CUT to : 3 int . nick's bedroom - early morning 3 the alarm clock now read " 4:59 am . " it switch to " 5:00 " and a blaring buzzer go off . Nick sit up in bed , shut off the buzzer and painfully force himself out of bed . he hurry out of the bedroom , pass the saddest , deadest houseplant in history . 4 int . nick's kitchen - moment later 4 Nick open he fridge to reveal a wasteland of moldy leftover container and crusty condiment . the orange juice container he grab be empty . nick damn . he open the freezer . it contain nothing but multiple box of " Jimmy Dean 's Breakfast bowl -- with Bacon ! " he pop one in the microwave , then glance over at a frame photo of a slightly young Nick kissing a smile old woman on the cheek . the frame read : " I y grandma ! " Nick sigh sadly . 5 int . nick's bathroom - minute later 5 Nick sit on the toilet eat he breakfast bowl with a fork . he take some toilet paper from the roll and wipe he mouth with it . 6 int . nick's shower - moment later 6 Nick shower while simultaneously brush he tooth and shave . he lose track and brushes he face with the toothbrush . 2 . 7 int . nick's bedroom - moment later 7 Nick hastily grab work clothes from he messy drawer and closet . clearly , no laundry have be do in a while . 8 int . nick's apartment elevator - moment later 8 Nick hurriedly button he shirt , tuck it in and begin tie he tie as the elevator reach the lobby . 9 int . nick be car - short time later 9 as he drive to work , he dial a number and transfer it to speakerphone . jenna ( v.o . ) ( groggy ) hello ? nick ( cheery ) hey , Jenna , it 's Nick . jenna ( v.o . ) it 's five - thirty in the morning , Nick . nick yeah , sorry . this be like the only time I have to make any personal call . I just want to see if you feel like go out again because I have a great time with you on we last date . jenna ( v.o . ) we last date be two week ago . you have not call I since . nick I know and that 's my bad . I have be swamp at work -- jenna ( v.o . ) yeah , I remember . work be all you talk about when we go out . nick right . well , I be up for a promotion which will give I a lot more free time -- ( continued ) 3. 9 continued : 9 jenna ( v.o . ) listen , I be actually see someone . and even if I be not , the last thing I need be some career - obsessed guy complain about work all the time . see you around , Nick . she hang up . 10 ext . commtronix industries - short time later 10 a soulless four-story building in a drab office park . Nick exit he car and run full - speed to the entrance . 11 int . commtronix industries lobby - continuous action 11 Nick burst through the door and look at he watch . it read " 6:02 . " he look up at a security camera with a flash red light , indicate he be on tape . nick fuck ! dissolve to : 12 int . nick's cubicle - later 12 Nick sit at he desk input information from a large pile of document into a spreadsheet on he computer . the clock on he computer turn to " 8:00 am . " harken ( o.s. ) Nick . Nick jump , startle . he turn to see he boss , dave harken , 40' , stand behind he . nick yes ? harken see you in my office ? 4. 13 int . harken' office - close on a videotape replay - 13 moment later of the lobby security camera footage on a television . the time code at the bottom of the screen read " 6:02 . " we see Nick look up at the camera and silently mouth the word " fuck ! " the image freeze and we pull back to see harken hold the remote . Nick stand across from he . harken here 's my concern , Nick . you be a punctual guy . you understand the importance of get to work on time . so that leave I to wonder if there be not something wrong with the internal clock in we security system . what do you think ? nick I do not know , Mr. harken . I might have be a minute late . harken two minute accord to this . so either you be a liar -- which I know you be not -- or we system be off by a full minute . and if that 's the case , I have no choice but to dismiss Thomas , we longtime security coordinator . nick okay , I might have be two minute late . there 's a uncomfortable beat . then -- harken so you do lie . nick no , I -- harken pick up the phone . nick who be you call ? harken Thomas . I be let he go . ( continued ) 5 . 13 continued : 13 nick wait ! okay , I guess I lie . but I do not mean to -- harken ( hang up phone ) trust be everything in this office , my friend . I know you have be work you tail off for that promotion , but if I can not trust you , how can I make you senior vp of sale ? nick I understand . you can trust I . harken now you sound like my wife . he glance at a frame photo on he desk . 14 insert - photo 14 of the hot , bikini-clad mrs . harken , 30' , stand on a beach . 15 back to scene 15 harken ( imitating her ) ` trust I , honey . ' ` trust I . ' meanwhile , she 's make love to every guy in the neighborhood . nick ( uncomfortable ) oh , I be sure she 's ... loyal to you -- harken how could you possibly know that ? nick I do not . harken be you make love to my wife , Nick ? nick what ?! no ! ( continued ) 6 . 15 continued : 15 harken I be just kid around . she 's out of you league . no offense . nick none take . harken hmm . harken have cross to a credenza with several bottle of booze , two glass and a ice bucket . he begin to fill a glass with ice and scotch . harken would you like one ? nick it 's 8:15 . harken you think there 's something wrong with a man enjoy a drink in the morning ? nick ( quickly ) no , no . it 's fine . I would love a drink . harken hand he the drink he just pour . nick thank you . harken my pleasure . harken return to he chair and sit . nick be not you have one ? harken it 's 8:15 , Nick . I be not a alcoholic . nick oh. well , I only take it because I think you be have one . harken you take a drink because you think I be go to have one ? ( more ) ( continued ) 7. 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 harken ( cont 'd ) that do not exactly sound like something a senior vp would do . nick well , I -- harken what if you think I be go to dip my ball in honey and shave coconut ? would you do that too ? nick ( laughing nervously ) of course not . harken of course not . anyway , we have move up the date of the agm so you be gonna need to complete you due diligence by Monday . you will probably need to be here all weekend . nick ( sigh ) okay . harken hey , you want a promotion , you have gotta earn it . life 's a marathon and you can not win a marathon without put a few Band - aids on you nipple . nick ( huh ? ) get it . Nick get up to go . harken Nick . Nick turn back . harken that 's 18 - year-old scotch . I can not really pour it back into the bottle . Nick , unsure of what to do , pick up the glass and gulp it down . ( continued ) 8. 15 continued : ( 3 ) 15 harken that should carry you till lunch , huh ? 16 ext . dental office - day 16 a car pull up outside the modest building . 17 int . stacy car - continuous action 17 stacy , cute , 30' , be drop off dale steven , 30' , who wear the scrub of a dental hygienist . stacy Boy , I have to get use to drive with this heavy ring on . I keep swerving to the leave . dale aww . you really like it ? stacy I love it . I feel like a queen . 18 close on her engagement diamond 18 it 's tiny and yellowish . 19 back to scene 19 dale well , you be my queen . I love you , stacy . stacy have a great day at work . they kiss . Dale exit the car . 20 ext . dental office - continuous action 20 stacy drive off . Dale steel himself for what lie ahead , then go inside . 21 int . dental office - moment later 21 Dale enter the wait room , pass a few patient . he grab a mask and goggle from a supply room , then head into -- 9 . 22 int . examination room - continuous action 22 Dale find he boss , dr . julia harris , 30' , sexy but with something a little off , hover over a patient , mr . anderton , 50' . Dale seem visibly uneasy . julia all right , Mr. anderton , I be go to give you the nitrous now and you root canal will be over before you know it . ( to dale ) Dale ? please . Dale turn the valve on the tank and soon Mr. anderton 's eye roll back in he head . Julia shut the door , pick up a drill and begin boring into the patient 's molar . julia ( loudly , over the drill ) how be you today , Dale ? dale I be fine . thanks . julia you get a haircut ? dale uh-huh . julia look good . dale thank you . julia you ever watch that show , ` gossip girl ' ? dale uh , no . julia I watch it last night . I will tell you , lot of cuty on that program . ( then ) number 7 scraper , please . Dale hand she a tool . ( continued ) 10 . 22 continued : 22 julia thank you . I finger myself so hard to Penn badgely , I break a nail . Dale sigh and look down at the unconscious Mr. anderton . this obviously be not the first time Julia have speak this way . julia I would let that kid put it in my ass . Bet he 's pack a plus-size sausage under that true religion . ( then , look up at dale ) probe . dale what ? julia I need the probe . dale oh , right . he hand she the tool . julia Bet you be no shrimp in the cock department either , huh , Dale ? dale Julia , please . julia oh , come on . you know I like to fool around . she lift the patient 's limp hand and cup it over she breast . julia ( feigning SHOCK ) Mr. anderton ! bad ! she smack the lifeless hand and cackle with laughter . julia okay , enough fun . let 's get back to work . Water , please . ( continued ) 11 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 Dale hand she the Water jet tool . Julia briefly spray some water in the patient 's mouth , then casually spray down Dale 's crotch with it . dale hey ! julia sorry , I be a squirter . ( study he groin ) I think I can just make out we friend . look like someone be circumcise ! dale all right , Julia , listen . you can not keep do this . julia I know , I know , you have a girlfriend -- dale she 's not my girlfriend anymore . stacy and I get engage last night . Julia 's whole demeanor change . she become deadly serious . julia what ? dale we be engage . julia you be actually go to marry that little dummy ? dale hey ! julia I think you say she be just a hole for you dick . dale that 's a horrible thing to say . I never say that ! Mr. anderton groans groggily . ( continued ) 12 . 22 continued : ( 3 ) 22 julia ( ominously ) I be very disappointed in you , Dale . ( then , coldly ) scaler . shaken , Dale hand she the tool . 23 ext . pellit chemical CO . - day 23 a medium -size warehouse building in a industrial neighborhood . 24 int . pellit chemical CO . - continuous action 24 kurt gamble , 30 , good -look , sit at he desk . unlike Nick and Dale , kurt seem content in he workplace . a reasonably cute , but by no mean drop -dead gorgeous , ups girl approach he desk with a package . ups girl Excuse I ? can you sign for this , please ? kurt ( taking it ) sure . ( looking up ) whoa , whoa . hold on . what be this ? ups girl I be sorry ? kurt this be one of that hide camera show , be not it ? ups girl what do you mean ? kurt come on . you be way too good - look to be a ups girl . what be you , a model ? a actress ? what 's gonna happen when I open this box ? be something go to jump out at I ? ( continued ) 13. 24 continued : 24 ups girl ( grinning ) nothing 's gonna happen . I be just a ups girl . kurt shut up . ups girl ( playfully ) you shut up . it 's true . kurt well , then , I need to take you out to dinner . ups girl why ? kurt because I want to be able to tell my friend that I take out the hot ups girl in America . come on , what do you say ? she consider this briefly , then scribbles she number on a Post - it note . kurt awesome . I be kurt . ups girl myrna . kurt pretty name . how 's Tuesday ? macaroni Grill ? ups girl okay . kurt see you then , myrna . she head off . kurt open he datebook and scribbles " ups girl " in the Tuesday slot . we see every night of the week be fill with appointment with other woman : " barne &amp ; Noble girl , " " lauren ? Laura ? , " " blonde chick " and so on . jack ( o.s. ) busy week ? kurt look up at jack pellit , 70 , the kindly , affectionate owner of the company . ( continued ) 14 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 kurt hey , Jack . yeah , just do my part for the woman of America . jack ( chuckling ) you be what we use to call a rapscallion . kurt that sound a lot more innocent than `sex addict . ' jack walk with I , kurt . the two of they head toward the exit . jack I want to talk to you about -- kurt last quarter 's profit ? I run the number . we be down by 11 percent year - to-year . jack it 's this damn recession . what about cost-cutte measure ? kurt well , I know you do not want to cut staff -- jack no way . this people have work they ass off for I . there 's no reason they should suffer . kurt look at he boss with admiration . there 's a lot of love between this two . kurt there 's also the issue of we hazardous waste disposal . we be pay a lot right now and the bolivian have come back with a very good offer . jack you know why it 's good ? because they will dump we chemical in river , pollute water supplies and hurt people . I have spend my life building this company . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 jack ( cont 'd ) would you want the pellit name to be associate with something like that ? kurt no , I would not . as they pass the unisex rest room , they see margie , 30 and clearly pregnant , look uncomfortable as she wait to get in . jack everything okay , margie ? margie oh hi , Mr. pellit . kurt . I have just be wait to get in there for a while now ... jack who 's in there ? margie it 's ... you son . jack ( sigh ) of course it be . ( then , knock on the door ) Bobby ? there 's someone wait . you almost do in there ? after a long beat , the door open and out step bobby pellit , late - 20 , weasely - look , sniff a bit too much and rub he nose repeatedly . there 's something unnaturally energetic about he . pellit what the fuck ?! a guy can not get any privacy in this place ! jack it 's all yours , margie . margie quickly slip into the rest room and shut the door . jack you know , Bobby , you seem to be spend more time in that bathroom than at you desk this day . ( continued ) 16 . 24 continued : ( 4 ) 24 pellit well , then , you be fuck stupid , dad . because that 's clearly not true . jack all I ask be that you do you part around here , son . pellit I do my part . I do other people 's part . but you just like to ride my ass because I be you son . I do not see you scream at -- ( re : kurt ) -- dickskin here . jack ( patiently ) that 's because kurt do he work and do it well . you could take a lesson from he . pellit ( snort ) the only thing I would take a lesson from he on be be gay . and I would not take that lesson because I do not want to be gay . jack ( heading off ) come on , kurt . kurt follow after Jack . pellit yeah , that 's what I think . Jack and kurt pass a receptionist desk and go out into -- 25 ext . pellit chemical CO . parking lot - continuous action 25 kurt walk Jack to he cadillac . jack tell I something , kurt . be you happy here ? kurt you kid ? it 's the best job in the world . ( continued ) 17 . 25 continued : 25 jack I be glad to hear you say that . I be rewrite my will tonight and there 's go to be a special place for you in there . he give kurt a hug like a dote father , then climb into he car . as Jack pull out and begin drive across the parking lot , kurt wave . suddenly , the car 's horn begin to honk in a constant blare . kurt lower he hand as the car veer off the pavement , slowly cruise into a tree where it stop abruptly , the horn still honk . a bewilder kurt run toward the car , as we -- CUT to : 26 int . bradford be bar - that night 26 kurt sit at a table look depressed . kurt he die instantly . they say he heart burst in he chest like a water balloon . pan to reveal kurt be sit with Dale , who look just as deject . dale wow . sorry , man . he be like a dad to you . kurt I love he . and I love work for he . and now he idiot son be gonna be in charge . you know how many time I have catch he do blow at work ? pan further to reveal Nick sit beside Dale . nick that suck . you be the only one of we who do not totally hate he job . ( then ) do I tell you harken trick I into have a drink at eight o'clock this morning ? the guy 's the devil . ( continued ) 18. 26 continued : 26 dale I think he be give you a promotion . nick he be . and he 's get to do it before the General meeting next week . dale well , at least you boss do not sexually harass you . kurt this again ? dale I be tell you , she 's out of control . it 's a full - on hostile work environment . kurt she 's a woman who want to have sex with you . how bad can it be ? dale today she spray my crotch with water so she could see the outline of my wiener . kurt why do not you just fuck she ? dale I be engage ! kurt oh yeah . congratulation , by the way . dale thank you . nick there 's gotta be other dental hygienist job out there . dale I can not apply for another job , remember ? kurt oh , right . because you would have to tell they you be a child molester . ( continued ) 19 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 nick he 's not a child molester . he just take he dick out in a playground . dale it be nighttime and I be pee ! and it 's bullshit that I get put on the register sex offender list for that ! kurt it work out . Julia probably hire you because she 's a sexual deviant herself . dale why would they put a playground next to a bar anyway ? that 's entrapment . a semi - cute girl walk past . kurt ( with joyless resignation ) well , I should go see if that girl want to bone . kurt groan as he pull himself out of the booth . nick I think you be all break up about you boss die . kurt this be how I grieve , okay ? kurt head off after the girl . dale man . he must be grieve all the time . 27 int . commtronix industries conference room - next day 27 Nick sit alongside five other CO - worker at a conference table . harken 's chair at the head be empty . Nick pour himself some water from a glass pitcher on the table . nick he do say ten o'clock , right ? ( continued ) 20 . 27 continued : 27 CO - worker yeah . do you know what this be about ? nick it just say `staff meeting ' on the memo . ( whispering ) funny how he get all over I if I be a minute late , but he make we wait fifteen . harken ( o.s. ) you be two minute late , Nick . Nick jump as harken enter . harken and I do not know I have to punch a clock with you . nick you do not . of course you do not . I be sorry -- harken I be go to attribute this to you drink problem . nick I do not have a -- harken ( with a smile to the other ) let 's get start . shall we ? Nick 's eye narrow . suddenly , he grab the heavy glass pitcher from the table and shatter it against harken be face . shard of glass fly everywhere as harken fall from he chair onto the floor . smash CUT to : 28 same scene ( reality ) 28 harken be fine . Nick be as we leave he . harken okay , have we figure out we best sale distribution plan for the new model year handsets ? ( continued ) 21 . 28 continued : 28 Nick 's co-worker bury they head in they note . Nick tensely raise he hand . harken yes ? nick I simulate a number of sale cycle , factore in likely end - user , point - of - sale limitation and specific demographic variable . harken and ? nick and in my opinion , a open plan sell process in we top 30 market along with target upgrade offer to exist customer promise the great yield . harken nod . be he impressed ? harken thank you , Nick . do everyone see how he do that ? yes , he may be a pathological liar and have a crippling drink problem , but when the chip be down , Nick have what it take . Nick glow . harken which bring we to we next order of business . I have decide who I want as we new senior vp of sale . he 's sit right here among you . everyone turn to look at Nick . harken it 's I . everyone 's head snap back to harken . nick what ? ( continued ) 22. 28 continued : ( 2 ) 28 harken I have decide to absorb the responsibility of the senior vp position into my own . I realize if you want something do right , you do it yourself . so , I be go to be knock down the wall between my office and what would have be the senior vp 's to create a single , enormous office . however , as a cost - cut measure , I will only be take 85 % of the additional salary I be entitle to . it 's call self - sacrifice , people . learn from this . harken head out . 29 int . commtronix industries - hallway - moment later 29 Nick hurry to catch up with harken . nick Mr. harken , can I speak to you ? harken what be it ? nick you have be hint for month that I be in line for that promotion . harken and look how hard you have work . nick so you have just be lie to I ? harken not lie . motivate . we be all on the same team here , Nick . we be all try to find Lorenzo 's oil before it 's too late for little Lorenzo . besides , I be the one who 's take on a lot more work . ( continued ) 23. 29 continued : 29 nick ( barely keep it together ) last month you keep I work so late I do not get to say goodbye to gam gam ! harken what ? nick my grandmother . I tell you I need to see she but you say I would be fire if I leave early . she die before I could get to the hospital . ( voice quivering ) she teach I how to swim -- harken oh , my God . I have no idea ... that you call you grandmother gam gam . ( chuckling ) I do not mean to laugh , but that 's adorable . ( off Nick 's outrage look ) look , Nick , I be sorry you do not get to say bye- bye to gam gam . I make you work late because you be a invaluable part of this operation . and I need you in you current position . nick I have be in that position for eight year now . why would I stay here after be treat like this ?! harken because I will see to it that no one else in we industry will hire you . nick what ? harken anyone who interview you will want my letter of recommendation . and I be prepare to tell they that you be a dishonest , insubordinate drunk . ( continued ) 24 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 nick but that 's not true ! you can not do this ! harken get directly in Nick 's face , speak softly but intensely . harken let I make this clear , you weak , little fuck . I own you . you be my bitch . do not make the mistake of think you have free will . because I can crush you any time I like . ( step back , friendly again ) settle in , friend . you be here for the long haul . harken slap he hard on the back and continue on he way , leave a stunne Nick . 30 int . pellit chemical CO . - day 30 kurt somberly head to he desk . he 's wear a dark suit . pellit ( o.s. ) yo , dickwall ! what the fuck ? kurt see Bobby pellit stand in the doorway of what be Jack 's office . kurt what ? pellit you be three hour late . what 's the deal ? kurt I be at you father 's funeral . pellit maybe that excuse would have fly when my dad be here , but I be in charge now . kurt that excuse would not have make any sense when you dad be here . pellit in my office . now . 25 . 31 int . pellit' office - moment later 31 kurt enter . he notice that the " Jack pellit " nameplate have be partially tape over with the name " Bobby " scribble in magic marker . pellit sit. kurt sit . Bobby quickly slip a small mirror and roll up dollar bill into a drawer . kurt see Bobby have toss most of Jack 's memento , achievement award and photo with luminary in the trash . pellit I have be look over the book . you be the accountant . tell I why this company be in the crapper . kurt it 's not in the crapper . it 's a recession . but we be still profitable . pellit bullshit . look , I know you and my dad be pal . frankly , I always think it be weird and gay and I never understand why my dad think you be so great . but it do not matter now because he 's in the ground and I be you boss . and there 's gonna be some change around here . first of all ... ( point to a balance sheet ) what be this `envirotech waste management ' shit that we be pay so much for ? kurt you father make the decision to pay a little more to dispose of we chemical waste responsibly . pellit yeah , fuck that . we have get a offer from Bolivia to dump the stuff for a third the cost . kurt but that would endanger thousand of local resident . ( continued ) 26 . 31 continued : 31 pellit so some jungle tribesman get cancer . boo friggin ' hoo . kurt they be not tribesman . it 's a modern -- ( then ) look , Bobby , you dad tell I very clearly he would die before he would save money by hurt people . pellit well then , we be right on schedule , be not we ? kurt 's eye narrow . he reach into the trash can and grab one of Jack 's discard achievement trophies and plunge its pointy end deep into pellit 's chest , impale he in he chair . smash CUT to : 32 same scene ( reality ) 32 kurt sit across from a unharme pellit . pellit oh , and we also need to trim the fat around here . kurt ( snap out of it ) what do you mean ? pellit I want you to fire the fat people . they be slow and lazy and they make I sad to look at . start with large marge . angle on margie at she desk . kurt margie 's not fat . she 's pregnant . I be not fire she . pellit Fine . then fire Professor xavier over there . angle on a bald , middle - age man in a wheelchair , hank , who sit at a desk near margie 's . ( continued ) 27 . 32 continued : 32 kurt hank ? pellit he creep I out . Rolling around in that weird little chair of he . kurt I be not fire anyone ! it 's like you do not care about this company at all . pellit no shit . you think when I be a kid I dream of run a fuck chemical company ? no . I dream of retire . of be feed tropical fruit on a beach by a model while she blow I . and as soon as I squeeze all the profit out of this place , that 's exactly what I be gonna do . so here 's the deal . you either fire the fatty or the cripple , or I fire both of they . 33 int . pellit chemical CO . - moment later 33 kurt sigh as he look from margie to hank and back . at last , he gather he resolve and cross to hank 's desk . from a respectful distance we watch as kurt break the news to hank who react with sad resignation . kurt turn to see pellit stand directly beside he . pellit ( loudly , to the room ) everyone , can I have you attention please ? I have just learn that kurt have fire we dear friend hank here . I want you to know that I be as surprised and angry about this as you be . kurt what be you -- ?! pellit this be entirely a accounting department decision . my hand be tie . ( then , to kurt ) you be one heartless bastard , gamble . ( continued ) 28 . 33 continued : 33 pellit head off . hank glare at kurt . kurt look , hank , this be not my -- hank fuck you , kurt . hank wheel away , leave kurt to face the angry look of he co-worker . CUT to : 34 int . dental office - day 34 Dale , dress for work , knock on Julia 's office door . julia ( o.s. ) come in . 35 int . julia' office - continuous action 35 Dale enter . dale you want to see -- he look up to find Julia sit at she desk in nothing but a unbuttone white lab coat . dale ( averting eye ) oh , God . julia have a seat , Dale . dale do I have to ? julia please . he sit , then immediately stand again . dale look , Julia , this be ridiculous -- julia ( hold up hand ) I know what you be go to say and that 's exactly what I want to talk to you about . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . 35 continued : 35 julia ( cont 'd ) yes , I like to joke around at work . and sometimes I might cross the line a bit . but the last thing I want to do be make you uncomfortable . that 's unprofessional and I pride myself on be a professional . she lean back in she chair and put she hand behind she head revealing even more of she body . julia so from now on , I want you to tell I when and if I cross the line . dale now . right now . julia what ? dale you be naked , Julia ! julia I be not naked . you can not even see my pussy . dale okay , right there ! just say `pussy ' to I . that 's over the line . julia that 's over the line ? you be start to sound like a little faggot , Dale . dale again ! nake , `pussy , ' `faggot . ' all over the line . and probably illegal -- julia okay , let 's not start talk about illegal , Mr. pees-on-young - boy . dale it be a empty playground ! in the middle of the night ! julia even worse . that little boy must have be terrify . ( continued ) 30 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 Julia stand and move uncomfortably close to Dale . he try not to stare at she breast . julia let 's cut to the chase . you be engage now . and I respect the institution of marriage too much to violate it . that 's why you need to fuck I well before the wedding . because the closer it get , the less ladylike I be go to feel about this whole thing . dale I be not go to sleep with you , Julia . julia we will see about that . ( then , suddenly enraged ) out ! get out ! startle , Dale hurry out of the office . 36 int . bradford be bar - that night 36 Nick , Dale and kurt sit miserably over they drink . they have all have a few . nick I feel like a total sucker . harken be never plan on promote I . kurt that coke - out douchebag be gonna destroy pellit chemical . dale she stand there with she breast right in my face . Nick and kurt turn to Dale . kurt you know , yours just do not sound that bad . dale why do not you guy quit ? it 's not like you be sex offender . ( continued ) 31 . 36 continued : 36 nick it 's true . I mean , I be young . I could go back to school , change field . in the b.g. , a guy have notice they . he head over . kurt yeah . why should I care about protect pellit 's name when he own son do not ? there 's a million job out there . dale the world be you oyster . guy well , well , if it be not the Three musketeer , Nick , kurt and Dale . still hang out like high school , huh ? nick I do not believe it . Kenny orkin ! dale I hear you move to New York to work at lehman Brothers or something . kenny ( guy ) I do . hire I right out of Yale . kurt so what be you do back here ? kenny do not you read the papers ? they shut we down . I have be look for work for the last two year . it 's crazy out here . I can not even get a job wait table . nick you ? wait table ? you be vote most likely to succeed . everyone think you be set . kenny everyone include I . ( intense ) I would murder that lehman Brothers if I could . line they up , put one bullet through they three head . ( continued ) 32 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 dale easy , Kenny . kenny it 's just not fair . I be make high six -figure . now I can not even afford this drink . ( hold up glass ) seriously , you think you guy can help I out at all ? the three guy exchange uncomfortable look as they reach for they wallet . dale uh , sure . here 's a few buck , Kenny . kenny okay , y'know that 's not really gonna do it for I . ( look around , leaning in ) I will tell you what ? what if I give you guy handjob ? forty buck . we can do it in the bathroom right here . I will do the three of you for a hundred . kurt you be gay now ? kenny no , I be not gay . they look skeptical . kenny I be the opposite of gay ! they guy look at each other with eyebrow raise . Nick mouth " opposite . " kenny come on . handjobs for the Three musketeer . let 's do this ! the bartender spot Kenny and point at he . bartender ( yelling ) I think I tell you to stay out of here ! ( continued ) 33. 36 continued : ( 3 ) 36 kenny whoops . gotta go , guy . call I if you change you mind . I be at my mom 's . he hurry out . there 's a silent beat as the guy process what they have just witness . CUT to : 37 ext . STREET - later 37 the three guy be walk home , all mildly buzze . kurt so I guess we be just gonna be miserable for the rest of we life . dale what do you mean ? kurt what option do we have ? we can quit we job and turn into Kenny . or keep we job and turn into sad , ball - less loser who spend they day dream of way to kill they boss . there 's a beat as Nick regards kurt . nick you do that too ? kurt of course . everyone do . it 's the only thing that keep we from go totally bat-shit . nick the other day I imagine shove one of that jug from the water cooler in harken 's mouth and make he drink until he bladder explode . dale jeez . kurt that 's so funny . I have the same idea for pellit . ( more ) ( continued ) 34 . 37 continued : 37 kurt ( cont 'd ) only use gasoline instead of water . and he ass instead of he mouth . dale you guy be sick . kurt what 's sick about it ? it 's just a way to let off steam . nick yeah , Dale . it 's not like we be actually go to kill we boss . they continue walk . after a beat . kurt you have to admit though , we life would be a lot better if we boss be dead . nick well , of course . it 's the one thing that keep I from be happy . dale I too . there 's another beat . kurt let 's just consider this , for one second . dale consider what ? kurt killing we boss . I be just be hypothetical here . dale ( laugh it off ) yeah , right . nick very funny . kurt well , it 's not like they be gonna live forever . this piece of shit be go to die someday . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 kurt ( cont 'd ) we would just be accelerate that natural process . nick shut up , kurt . dale yeah , shut up , kurt . kurt ( earnest ) frankly , I do not see any reason not to do it . dale well , first of all , kill someone be illegal and immoral -- kurt it may be illegal but I be not sure it 's immoral . sometimes one evil person have to die for the great good of the community . if Bobby pellit have he way , hundred , maybe thousand of innocent bolivian will suffer . it would actually be immoral not to kill he . Nick begin to warm to the idea . nick I do not get to say goodbye to gam gam because of harken . kurt exactly ! who know how many other gam gam have die alone . dale I can not believe you guy be actually talk about this . I do not care how bad we boss be . we be not murderer . nick no , we be not , Dale . we be just try to live we life . but what be we suppose to do when someone make it impossible for we to live we life ? do we just bend over and take it up the ass forever ? ( continued ) 36 . 37 continued : ( 3 ) 37 kurt no , we do not ! dale what you guy be talk about be wrong and you know it . nick Julia 's ruin you life . that 's wrong . kurt yeah ! dale she 's not ruin my life . if anything 's ruin my life it 's you guy and you drunk bullshit . kurt if it 's bullshit , Dale , then how come we all want to do it so much ? they reach the corner where they part way . dale I do not want to do it . and when you sober up neither will you . we be not kill anyone . Dale head off . kurt ( to nick ) I be just be hypothetical . nick ( quickly ) yeah , I too . off they ambivalent look -- 38 int . dental office - next day 38 Dale be organize some equipment when a pair of woman 's hand suddenly cover he eye . woman ( o.s. ) ( suggestively ) guess who ? ( continued ) 37 . 38 continued : 38 dale ( wearily ) I be really not in the mood for this now -- he turn and react as he see it 's not Julia , but he fiancée , stacy . dale stacy ?! stacy not in the mood for what ? dale for ... nothing . what be you do here ? Julia appear in she office doorway . julia I invite she . stacy she call and say now that we be engage , she want to offer I free dental work . and you know I have have that loose fill for a while . it 's so sweet of you , Julia . julia it 's my pleasure . you be part of the family now . dale ( visibly uptight ) uhhhh ... I do not know if this be a good idea . stacy why not ? dale we do not want to take advantage of Julia . julia Dale , there 's nothing you could do that would be take advantage of I . nothing . ( then , to stacy ) now what do you say we pump you full of gas ? ( continued ) 38 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 Julia lead stacy into the exam room . Dale cut they off . dale wait -- no gas . she do not need to be out . stacy what be you talk about , Dale ? you know I be not good with drill . julia ( pointedly ) you do not want you fiancée to suffer , do you ? off Dale 's defeat look -- CUT to : 39 int . examination room - short time later 39 stacy lie on the chair with the nitrous mask over she nose . Julia and Dale stand beside she . stacy ( losing consciousness ) ten , nine ... eight ... seh ... and she 's out . immediately , Julia pounce on Dale , feverishly try to unbuckle he belt . dale hey ! stop it , what be you -- ? julia you be gonna give I that do , Dale ! dale no ! stacy groan softly . Dale push Julia away . dale I know you only bring she in here to mess with I . julia let 's have sex on top of she . let 's use she like a bed ! ( continued ) 39 . 39 continued : 39 Julia begin to clamber up onto stacy 's supine body . Dale pull she off . dale all right , that 's it , Julia . this be over . you be out of you mind . I quit ! he go to turn off the gas but before he can -- julia I will tell she you fuck I ! dale what ? julia if you do not fuck I , I will tell she you fuck I . dale tell she whatever you want . she would never believe you . Julia open a nearby drawer and toss a envelope onto stacy 's chest . julia she already know you be a sex offender . and once she see this , I think she will believe I . dale what be that ? julia you remember you first week here when I replace the crown on you second bicuspid ? dale ( nervously ) ... yeah ? julia I take a few snapshot of the procedure . for my file . Dale lunge at the envelope and pull out the photo . 40 . 40 close on the picture 40 -- Dale lie on the dentist chair , he eye open and he hand behind he head with Julia at he crotch , apparently fellate he . -- Julia , now nude , straddle Dale , who be naked from the waist down on the chair . she hold one arm in the air like a rodeo cowboy . -- Julia be on the floor , she leg splay while Dale lie limply on top of she . -- Julia be on all four . Dale be limply drape over she back , apparently do she doggy -style . 41 back to scene 41 dale ( shocked ) you ... you do all this while I be unconscious ? julia yup . dale how do you make it look like I be awake ? julia tape you eye open . dale this be rape ! you rape I ! julia do not get all dramatic . you dick be not hard . but it will be next time . or else stacy here get a look at my photo album . she hold up the packet of photo . julia ( suddenly professional ) now , let 's repair this patient 's fill , shall we ? Dale gape at she , dumbstruck . 41 . 42 int . nick's apartment - that evening 42 kurt and Nick be play a videogame as Dale burst through the front door . dale let 's kill the bitch . kurt huh ? nick what bitch ? dale my boss . we boss . they need to die . Nick and kurt exchange a look . nick we be drunk last night , man . and do not you say kill be wrong ? dale that be before Julia try to fuck I on top of my fiancée 's unconscious body . kurt whoa ! dale I say we kill they all . be you guy in or out ? kurt I be in last night . dale yes ! Nick ? they both turn to Nick who be uncertain . kurt spot the photo of Nick with he grandmother and grab it off the wall . kurt look at she . look at bubby . nick gam gam . ( continued ) 42 . 42 continued : 42 kurt look at gam gam . get a smooch from she favorite grandson . Little do she know that she will never get to say goodbye to he . and why ? because he shithead boss would not let he leave . what would gam gam want you to do ? nick probably not kill he . kurt this be not about gam gam . this be about you . what do you want , Nick ? nick I want he to die . kurt damn straight ! nick okay , I be in . kurt all right ! let 's do this . ( then ) how do we do this ? dale I be think about that on my way over . stacy and I watch a lot of ` Law &amp ; order ' and there 's a ton of way criminal mess up . thing we would never think of . they leave behind clothing fiber , bullet casing , hair , skin cell -- kurt skin cell ?! I can not even keep track of my key ! dale exactly . and that 's why we need a professional . nick what be you talk about , a hitman ? Dale nod . ( continued ) 43. 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 kurt you know , that 's not bad . I mean , we do not clean we own apartment , right ? we hire someone to clean they for we . dale maybe you do , moneybag . nick but where be we suppose to find a hitman ? dale that 's the only problem . I have no idea . there 's a beat . kurt 's eye light up . kurt I do . meet at my place tomorrow after work . and make sure you be not follow . nick why would anyone follow we ? kurt I do not know . people get follow . dale what people ? kurt just meet I at my place . 43 int . kurt apartment - next evening 43 kurt open the door on Nick and Dale . the decor of kurt 's place be best describe as a middle - income bachelor pad . kurt come in . the guy should be here pretty soon . nick wait . you actually find someone ?! kurt it be as easy as buy a use futon . ( continued ) 44 . 43 continued : 43 he point to he computer . on the screen be a list from -- dale craigslist ?! you find a hitman on craigslist . kurt yup . but they do not post it as `hitman . ' that would be stupid . they use code word , like `liquidation , ' `pest control , ' `wet work . ' check it out . this be we guy . Nick read the list . nick ` Skilled professional with year of experience in domestic and international wet work . fast and discreet . no child or political figure . ' kurt see ? he 's principle . dale this be so dangerous . what if he 's a narc ? nick yeah , kurt . call he back and cancel . kurt it 's too late . he 's on he way . dale what do we do if this guy get here and he ask for so much money that we can not afford he and he get mad and kill all of we ? kurt I do not think he would stay in business long if he kill everyone who could not afford he . nick ( look out window ) guy ! I think this be he ! the other hurry to look . from -- 45 . 44 there Pov 44 we see a black mercede slk pull up . a distinguished - look man in a well - tailore suit step out . he wear sunglass and carry a briefcase . 45 back to scene 45 nick Nice car . kurt whoa . this guy 's legit . dale I bet that briefcase have one of that gun you have to screw together . nick all right , let 's just be professional here . we do not want to seem all giddy . a knock at the door . kurt ( hushed ) how 's my hair ? nick ( sotto ) it do not matter ! kurt open the door on the man who look even smoother up close . man ( british accent ) be one of you kurt ? dale ( whisper to Nick ) oh my God , he 's like James bond ! kurt ( to the man ) yes , hi , I be kurt . please come in . man thank you . be all three of you participate in this ? ( continued ) 46 . 45 continued : 45 nick yes , we be . man very well . now before we go any further , I need to know if there be any hide recording device in this room . I will find out if there be . dale no , no ! we definitely do not want to record this , sir . man then let 's get start . he walk to the middle of the live room , open he briefcase and take out a plastic tarp which he proceed to unfurl over the carpet . kurt whoa , whoa . what 's that for ? man for the mess . nick we do not want you to kill we ! dale ( freaking out ) oh my God ! I know it ! man kill you ? what be you talk about ? the guy exchange a confuse look . kurt you ad say you do wet work . man that 's correct . I urinate on other man for money . nick / kurt what ?! man why do you think my ad be in the imen seek man ' section ? ( continued ) 47 . 45 continued : ( 2 ) 45 nick ( to kurt ) you be look in imen seek I and ?! kurt yeah ! we be man seek a man , be not we ? nick you be such a moron . man so you be tell I I drive all the way to the Valley and no one want to be piss on ? dale please do not kill we . man I do not kill people ! ( then , sighing ) can I use you rest room ? I have store up rather a large amount of pee for this . kurt ( pointing ) it 's right through there . the man head off . after a beat -- kurt good thing I do not call the guy who be offer to do `dirty work . ' 46 int . kurt be car - that night 46 kurt drive . Nick be in the passenger seat . Dale in back . kurt all right , I will take the blame for that one . nick that 's big of you . kurt I be go to make it up to you . I figure out a much better way to find a contract killer . ( continued ) 48 . 46 continued : 46 dale what 's that ? kurt reach up and push a button on the rear-view mirror . a male voice come over the speaker . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) ( indian accent ) hello , Mr. gamble , thank you for contact on Star -- dale oh , come on ! nick ( to kurt ) this be you plan ? on STAR rep ( v.o. ) -- my name be Gregory . how can I be of service this evening ? kurt Gregory , I need you to direct I to the most dangerous bar in Los Angeles . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) I be sorry ? kurt we need to find the bar with the most scumbag , lowlife and hardcore shithead . can you help we out ? on STAR rep ( v.o. ) I be afraid we listing be not organize by danger , sir . I do see there be a bennigan 's three block from you current location -- kurt okay , Gregory ? that 's unhelpful . while I be sure there be plenty of shithead there , they be not the kind of shithead we need . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) I can direct you to the neighborhood with the great number of car-jackings in you area . ( continued ) 49 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 kurt now we be talk . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) very good , sir . you may wish to lock you door . kurt and the other lock they door . 47 ext . scary neighborhood - short time later 47 kurt 's car drive down a depressed - look block . 48 int . kurt car - continuous action 48 the guy be still chat with Gregory . nick so , do you like live in bangalore ? gregory ( on STAR rep ) ( v.o. ) it 's not bad . humid . dale now , ` Gregory . ' be that you real name ? gregory ( v.o. ) no , sir . my real name be atmanand . kurt atmanand ? how do you get Gregory from that ? gregory ( v.o. ) ` Gregory ' be assign to I by on Star . nick why do not they let you use you real name ? gregory ( v.o. ) many Americans find we real name off-putte . kurt actually , I do find atmanand a little off-putte . ( continued ) 50 . 48 continued : 48 gregory ( v.o. ) ( flat ) you have arrive at you destination , sir . dale / nick thank you , Gregory . / thanks , Gregory . 49 ext . dive bar - short time later 49 kurt 's car pull up on a grimy - look South - Central street and stop in front of a dingy bar . the guy get out and look around warily . kurt this must be the place . dale be not you worried about you car ? kurt Nah , Gregory 's watch it . nick you really think we be gonna find a hitman in there ? kurt I think we be gonna have a hard time decide between all the hitmen in there . trust I , this be the lowest of the low . 50 int . dive bar - continuous action 50 the three guy enter the squalid , smoky place . the room be full of surly - look patron , none of they white . people turn to stare . nick oh , real nice , kurt . Way to be racist . kurt this be not a race thing . we need a criminal and this neighborhood be where they live . I be not say that 's because there be a lot of black people here . that 's the fault of we society that discriminate and disenfranchise they . ( continued ) 51 . 50 continued : 50 dale you say they be the lowest of the low . kurt I be speak socio-economically . nick so what do we do now ? yell out `anyone here kill people for money ? ' kurt let I handle this . they each take a seat at the bar where a no - nonsense bartender walk over to they . bartender yeah ? kurt hey . how you do ? Nice place . ( leaning in ) listen , do anyone here kill people for money ? nick kurt ! a intense-look guy on the next stool notice they . bartender the fuck do you just say ? kurt do not get I wrong . this be not about race . we society discriminate and disenfranchise you -- dale ( head in hand ) oh my God . bartender I be a small business owner . who be you call disenfranchise ? kurt I do not mean you in particular . bartender right . you mean all black people . ( continued ) 52 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 nick maybe we should go ? bartender you could do that . or I could take the aluminum baseball bat I be hold in my right hand and disenfranchise you tooth from you mouth . dale I vote we go . the three stand and head for the door . kurt okay , we be go . I be sorry if I offended you . it be never my -- bartender oh shit , please shut up . kurt okey doke . 51 ext . dive bar - continuous action 51 the guy come out onto the sidewalk . dale this be ridiculous . we be never gonna find someone to do this for we . cocksucker jone ( o.s. ) yo ! they turn to see cocksucker jone , 30 , the guy who be sit next to they at the bar . cocksucker jone I think I can help you boy . he gesture for they to follow he into the alley beside the bar . kurt and Nick move to follow . dale oh , we be just gonna follow he into that alley ?... all right . 52 int . alley - continuous action 52 cocksucker Jones lean in to the three guy . ( continued ) 53. 52 continued : 52 cocksucker jone I hear you be look for someone to take care of some business for you ? nick yes , we be . be you a ... businessman ? cocksucker jone ( put out he hand ) cocksucker Jones . nick ( unsure whether to take he hand ) Excuse I ? cocksucker jone that 's my name . dale you first name be cocksucker ? cocksucker jone and my last name 's Jones . you get a problem with that ? dale no , no . it 's just interesting . that 's the name on you birth certificate ? cocksucker jone naw , man . it 's a nickname . my real name be Dean . dale oh ! like Dean Jones . the actor from herbie the Love bug . kurt ( quietly to Dale ) I do not think he know who Dean Jones be . cocksucker jone I know who Dean Jones be , bitch ! I can not walk around here with that kind of faggy , cracker name . nick so you choose `cocksucker ' ? ( continued ) 54 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 cocksucker jone that 's right . nobody fuck with a cocksucker . ` cocksucker ' be the toughest name there be . dale not `motherfucker ' ? cocksucker jone I consider motherfucker . but in the end , I think cocksucker Jones sound more badass than motherfucker Jones . kurt I agree . nick okay , here 's the thing : we each work for a boss that we need to get rid of . be that something you might be able to help we with ? cocksucker jone it be . assume you have get the cheese . kurt we have get cheese . how much cheese be we talk ? cocksucker jone for three hit ? that 's gonna run you thirty large . nick that 's a lot of cheese . kurt we do not have that much cheese . dale be not there any kind of discount because we be buy three at once ? like buy two , get one free . cocksucker jone this be not the motherfuck cold Stone creamery . it 's thirty large or nothing . nick there 's no way we can pay that . ( continued ) 55 . 52 continued : ( 3 ) 52 cocksucker jone five large . dale wow . ( to nick ) good negotiate . nick that 's a lot more reasonable . and that would be for all three , cocksucker ? cocksucker jone yeah . kurt great . we be in . cocksucker jone okay , meet I back here tomorrow night with the cash . I will take care of the rest . nick should we bring the bill in any kind of special denomination ? cocksucker jone no , just , whatever . small bill . nick get it . kurt and do you want it in any particular container , like a shoebox ? nick or a paper bag ? dale or plastic . I read a article that plastic be actually better for the environment than paper . cocksucker jone fuck the environment ! just put that shit in a briefcase . nick get it . thanks . come on , guy . they turn to go , when Dale turn back . ( continued ) 56 . 52 continued : ( 4 ) 52 dale should we deduct the cost of the briefcase ? cocksucker jone what ?! dale I mean , assume we do not get the case back ... we be not get the case back , right ? cocksucker glare at he . dale well , that 's like a extra eighty buck . only seem fair that we should take that out of you end . nick we will cover the briefcase , Dale . dale then let 's get a cheap one . it do not have to be real leather . ( then to cocksucker ) be you cool with faux -- ? kurt grab Dale by the shoulder and hustle he to the car . dissolve to : 53 series of shot 53 music cue : Frank Sinatra 's " ( forget you trouble , come on ) get happy " -- Dale , kurt and Nick each take a turn at a ATM machine , withdraw the maximum amount they can . -- Nick at he desk at work . he look over he cubicle wall and he eye narrow as he see harken direct a workman who stencil the word " senior vice President of sale " below where it already say " President . " another workman use a sledgehammer on the wall of the office . Nick grin malevolently . -- kurt be at he desk in the chemical company . he look up to see Bobby pellit open he office door and lead out two obvious hookers . pellit have white powder around he nostril . he spot kurt watch he and he sneer back . kurt smile devilishly . ( continued ) 57 . 53 continued : 53 -- close on Dale as he place tooth x-ray into plastic contact sheet . pull back to reveal Julia be lick he neck while tweak he nipple through he scrub . in contrast to earlier , Dale appear to be unfaze and almost amused by Julia 's antic . 54 ext . alley - that night 54 cocksucker Jones hold a open briefcase that 's empty but for a single stack of tape together 20 - dollar bill . cocksucker jone look like it 's all here . dale turn out we do not really need the briefcase after all . could have just use a manila envelope . kurt shut up , Dale . nick so , cocksucker , how long do you think it will be before you have ... take care of business ? cocksucker jone here 's the thing . I just get out of do a dime for some pretty ugly shit and I be still on probation . they be watch I . so if I step out of line , I go right back inside . kurt you tell we you could take care of it . cocksucker jone and I be gonna . I be gonna be you professional advisor . think of I as you murder consultant . nick we do not want a murder consultant . we want a murderer . dale I know we be get rip off ! kurt okay , look . this be not what we talk about . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . 54 continued : 54 kurt ( cont 'd ) can we just get we money back , please ? then we will be on we way . cocksucker jone sorry , no refund . nick that 's five thousand dollar . you think we be just gonna walk away and let you keep that ? cocksucker jone ( get in he face ) I think you be forget who you be talk to . cocksucker pull back the lower edge of he jacket to reveal what appear to be the holster of a gun . dale whoa , whoa ! we do not want any trouble . cocksucker jone now either I give you the advice you pay for , or you can walk away with nothing . up to you . kurt look , the whole reason we come to you be because we do not have the experience to do it ourselves . cocksucker jone most killer be first-timer . look , the key to a good murder be make it look like a accident . Gas leak , brake fail , suicide , that sort of thing . if you do it right , you will not even have to be there when it go down . nick that make sense . but how would we fake three accident ? cocksucker jone you need to stalk you prey , track they movement , get to know they inside and out . where do they go ? what do they eat for breakfast ? who be they fuck ? ( continued ) 59 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 dale you be talk about surveillance and recon . cocksucker jone but make it look like a accident will not be enough if the pig can pin a motive on you . nick well , we all have obvious motive for kill we boss . cocksucker jone so why do not you kill each other 's boss ? dale hey , that 's a good idea . like hitchcock 's stranger on a train . kurt the Danny devito movie ? dale yes , the famous Alfred hitchcock / Danny devito movie . you be think of throw mama from the train . but it 's actually the same idea . if we kill each other 's boss there 's no link to we . nick that 's pretty good . cocksucker jone that 's what you be pay I for . now be not that worth five grand ? the guy all ad lib " no 's . " cocksucker jone yeah , well , too fuck bad . 55 int . nick's cubicle - next evening 55 Nick be poring over a stack of document when he phone ring . intercut with : 60 . 56 int . kurt be car - same time 56 kurt and Dale wait in the car outside of Nick 's office . kurt we be outside . you ready for a little recon ? nick yeah . I just need to get harken to let I leave early . kurt what 's the difference ? he 's not go to be you boss much longer . nick ( whispering ) if I get fire before we kill harken , this will all have be for nothing . I will just be a out - of - work murderer . ( then ) I will be down in three minute . he hang up then peer over he cubicle wall to see harken talk to another employee nearby . Nick take a breath , lean over he garbage pail and stick a commtronix pen down he throat . at the sound of Nick 's loud wretching , harken look over to see he puke into the trash pail . harken what in God 's name ...?! nick ( weakly ) sorry , sir . I have be fight this bug all day . I will just get back to work -- Nick wipe he mouth and turn pathetically back to he desk . harken no . go home . I do not want you get everyone else sick . nick oh , okay . thank you , Mr. harken . Nick grab he jacket and move to go . ( continued ) 61 . 56 continued : 56 harken wait . take you work with you . have it on my desk at six am . Nick barely conceal he contempt as he pick up the stack of papers and head out . harken ( muttering ) disgusting . 57 ext . bobby pellit' STREET - next day 57 kurt 's car pull up slowly and park . kurt , Dale and Nick slump down in they seat . 58 int . kurt car - continuous action 58 kurt okay , boy , as soon as pellit make a move , we tail he . it be on now . nick oh , it 's on . dale hell yeah ! they watch the house with steely determination . dissolve to : 59 int . kurt be car - one hour later 59 the guy be bored out of they mind , barely awake . Dale nibble on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in a plastic bag . kurt ugghhhhh , I can not believe how much this suck . dale I do not get it . on tv , surveillance always look so great . they have get they cup of coffee . they sunflower seed . they talk about they life . ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . 59 continued : 59 dale ( cont 'd ) and then , right when they reveal something really intimate , the perp appear and they spring into action . a long , silent pause as they watch the house ... nick be we even sure he 's home ? they exchange look . kurt ( open he door ) let 's go check it out . they get out of the car . Dale pocket he sandwich . 60 ext . pellit' house - moment later 60 the three guy creep around pellit 's patio , peek in door and window . finally : nick I do not see he . kurt be about to try a window when Dale stop he . dale what be you do ? kurt we be not gonna get intel stand on he lawn . we have to go in . dale what about fingerprint ? we do not have glove . kurt here , do this . kurt pull he shirt sleeve down over he hand . Dale do the same . Nick , who wear a T-shirt , tuck he hand inside the bottom of the shirt . with some difficulty , kurt slide open the window . kurt here we go . the three of they manage to wriggle through the window . it 's not graceful : Dale 's foot get catch on the sill , cause he to tumble on top of Nick and kurt . at last , all three be inside . 63. 61 int . pellit' live room - continuous action 61 kurt Dale , keep a eye out . let we know if pellit 's come . dale get it . wait , I do not know what he look like . nick it do not matter . just tell we if anyone come . dale get it . they take in pellit 's live room . there 's a leather sofa , a 60 - inch plasma and enormous speaker . on the wall be frame Ed hardy poster depict dragon and half - naked girl . kurt wow . this guy 's a bigger douchebag than I . nick okay , let 's split up . look for any intel we can use on he . kurt what kind of intel ? nick I do not know . I guess we will know it when we see it . kurt head upstairs while Dale and Nick look around the live room . dale hey , Nick ? do this count as intel ? Nick look over to see Dale hold in he sleeve - cover hand a open wooden box fill with white powder . nick Holy shit , that 's a lot of blow . dale God , this must be worth , like , ten thousand -- oh shit ! ( continued ) 64 . 61 continued : 61 suddenly , the box slip out of Dale 's hand . it hit the floor , send a cascade of cocaine all over the rug . nick what the fuck ?!! dale sorry , my sleeve be slippery ! nick we have get to get that back in the box . dale I have get it . he kneel and begin try to scoop up the coke in he hand . it 's a impossible task . 62 int . pellit' bedroom - same time 62 kurt look around the room . he do not see anything useful so he head into -- 63 int . pellit' bathroom - continuous action 63 he flip on the light . his eye land on pellit 's toothbrush . he grin slyly . 64 int . pellit' live room - same time 64 Dale be still on he knee , scoop up coke , as Nick return from the kitchen cradling a dustbuster in he T - shirt . nick look out . let I try this . struggle with he hand in he T-shirt , Nick vacuum up the cocaine from the rug . when he 's finish , he pop open the vacuum 's waste receptacle and dump the content back in the wooden box . 65 close on the BOX 65 which be now fill not only with cocaine , but bit of hair , dust bunny , food and other crap . 65 . 66 back to scene 66 dale I guess we should have emptied the dustbuster before we use it . nick you think ? 67 int . pellit' bathroom - same time 67 just below frame , kurt remove pellit 's toothbrush from he ass and return it to its holder , careful to keep he hand cover with he sleeve . he 's about to go when he notice a bar of neutrogena face soap beside the sink . he look around deviously . 68 int . pellit' live room - minute later 68 Dale and Nick be do they best to pick the crap out of pellit 's cocaine . dale hey look , there 's a piece of cereal in here . can not tell if that 's a corn flake or a frost flake ... kurt come down the stair . kurt okay , my work upstairs be do . you guy ready to split ? 69 int . kurt car - continuous action 69 kurt pull away from the curb . nick we need to be better prepare . that be totally dangerous and a complete waste of time . kurt not a complete waste . he pull a Black Berry out of he pocket . nick oh no ... do not tell I ... ( continued ) 66 . 69 continued : 69 dale you steal that from pellit 's house ? kurt it 's get he calendar and he contact . this be what recon' all about . dale ( glum ) nobody say we would be steal . kurt shall we pay a little visit to you boss , Nick ? nick I guess so . but let 's make a stop first . 70 ext . rite - aid pharmacy - minute later 70 Nick emerge from the store with a plastic bag and get into kurt 's car . 71 int . kurt car - continuous action 71 dale what do you need to get ? Nick hold up a box of latex glove . nick no more sleeve glove . dale Nice . kurt oh man , you should have ask I . I have get a whole box of that in my bedside table . ( off they gross - out look ) do not judge I . nick take a right up here . harken 's place be about a mile away . they drive for a beat . then -- ( continued ) 67 . 71 continued : 71 dale y'know ... this be kinda , I do not know ... exciting . kurt very . nick ( a little smile ) yeah . ( then ) I guess we be really do this now , huh ? dale ( grinning ) I guess so . 72 ext . harken' house - short time later 72 a two -story house with a tidy yard . kurt 's car pull up . 73 int . kurt car - continuous action 73 kurt and Nick begin pull on they glove . dale can I have a pair ? nick you know , last time with the three of we , it get a little ... messy . what if kurt and I go in and you stay here and watch out for harken ? dale okay -- again , I do not know what he look like . nick if anyone approach the house , assume it 's he and give we a signal . dale Fine . I will honk the horn six time . kurt maybe something a little more subtle ? ( continued ) 68 . 73 continued : 73 dale honk the horn four time ? nick how about you just honk once ? dale people honk once all the time . you will be run in and out of the house . kurt Fine . honk twice . dale ( skeptical ) okay ... Nick and kurt get out of the car . after a beat , Dale remember he sandwich and pull it out of he pocket . 74 ext . harken' house - moment later 74 kurt and Nick sneak up to the front porch which be camouflage by shrub . they peek inside . nick ( whispering ) look like the coast be clear . kurt try the window . they be lock . kurt damn . guess we will have to break in the old - fashioned way . kurt look around and spot a small rock beside the porch . he pick it up and wind back to throw it at the window . nick kurt , wait ! but it 's too late . kurt have release the rock . it hit the window , but instead of break the glass , the rock itself break into two piece . kurt Holy shit . I break the rock . nick no , it 's one of that hide - a- key thing . look ... ( continued ) 69 . 74 continued : 74 Nick show kurt a key conceal in one half of the fake rock . he grab it and insert it into the front door lock . 75 int . harken' live room - continuous action 75 the guy tiptoe in , whisper and tense . the place be tastefully decorate with attractive furniture and modern art . there be a vase of flower on a table . nick wow . this be not how I picture he place . kurt for all we know , he 's get a closet full of skin suit . a cat spring out of nowhere , startling they , then run off . nick Jesus ! kurt stupid cat . ( then ) let 's check upstairs . they head up . 76 int . kurt be car - same time 76 Dale be finish the last of he peanut butter sandwich . he check the rearview mirror . no sign of anyone . dale ( sing a la cher , simulate auto - tune ) ` do you believe in love after love / I can feel something inside I say / I really do not think you be strong enough now ... ' 77 int . harken' bedroom - continuous action 77 just as kurt and Nick enter , the cat suddenly jump out from behind the door , startling they again . ( continued ) 70 . 77 continued : 77 kurt God damn it ! how many cat do they have ? nick I think that be the same one . kurt Little bastard . kurt notice a frame wedding photo on the dresser of harken and Mrs. harken . kurt damn . that 's Mrs. harken ? I would like to cover she in cock yogurt . nick you want to cover every woman in ... do you say `cock yogurt ' ? kurt I do . yet again , kurt and Nick jump as the cat leap out of hide with a yowl then run off . kurt ahhh ! nick if he 's so scared of we , why do not he just leave we alone ?! 78 int . kurt car - same time 78 Dale play a bowl game on he cell phone . dale c'mon , c'mon ... yes ! a breeze blow through the open window of the car , catch the plastic bag from Dale 's sandwich and carry it out the window . 79 ext . kurt car - continuous action 79 just then , harken , in run attire , come jogging up the street . his eye be catch by the plastic bag fall from the car window onto the street . he stop and angrily pick up the bag . ( continued ) 71 . 79 continued : 79 harken hey , schmuck . Dale , surprised , turn to the window . dale Excuse I ? harken you want to tell I why you be littering on my street ? dale oh , I be sorry , that blow out the window . I be not littering . harken I do not care if it blow out of you twat . now , get you fuck chevy cavalier the hell off my block ! dale whoa . Sir , there 's no need to be hostile . harken hostile ? you want to see hostile ? how about I go in the house and get my -- suddenly , harken begin to choke and he face grow increasingly red . dale get you what ? with one hand harken grab he throat and with the other he look at the plastic bag he 's hold . harken ( strained ) peanut ? dale huh ? oh , yeah . it be a peanut butter sandwich . harken collapse to he knee . his face be turn blue now . Dale quickly step out of the car . dale oh god ! what should I do ?! tell I what to do ! ( continued ) 72 . 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 harken yank up the right leg of he jogging pants revealing a EPI - pen strapped to he ankle . he reach for it , but Dale move faster . dale what do I do with this ? should I inject you ?! harken nod urgently as he eye begin to roll back . dale okay , hold on ! I get this . Dale take the cap off the epi-pen , raise he arm and jam the needle into harken 's chest . harken let out a grunt . dale do I do it ? do I get enough in ?! I be gonna do it again ! Dale raise he arm again . 80 int . harken' bedroom - continuous action 80 Nick continue to search around the bedroom . kurt be by the window . nick do you see a Day runner or a address book ? kurt no -- ( glance out the window ) what the ...? dude , check this out . Nick join he at the window and they both react as they see what appear to be Dale repeatedly stabbing harken in the chest , neck and arm . harken lie motionless on the sidewalk . nick ( excite ) that 's harken ! Dale 's kill harken ! kurt Holy shit ! he 's really do it ! ( realizing ) out where everyone can see he . ( continued ) 73. 80 continued : 80 nick what the hell be he think ?! kurt he 's not stop . he 's gonna get we all catch . we have gotta get out of here . nick what about Dale ? kurt he 's a psychopath . we leave he behind . nick right . let 's go through the back ! as they hurry to leave the room , kurt stumble over the cat which have appear yet again . unseen by either of they , pellit' blackberry slip out of he pocket and land on the floor at the foot of harken 's bed . 81 ext . harken' house - continuous action 81 as Dale kneel over harken to check he breathe , a car pull up alongside and mrs . harken step out . see she husband on the ground , she rush over . mrs . harken oh my god ! what happen ?! dale he have a allergic reaction . but I think he 's come around . do you know he ? mrs . harken he 's my husband . Mrs. harken kneel beside harken and support he head . mrs . harken honey ? can you hear I ? harken groggily look down at he torso which be perforate by dozen of tiny needle mark . harken ( groggy , to Dale ) wha -- what do you do to I ? dale I injected you with you thing . ( continued ) 74 . 81 continued : 81 mrs . harken he save you life , honey . ( to dale ) thank you so much ! she grab Dale in a warm hug . dale oh , it be nothing . harken ( to Mrs. harken ) what 's this ? what 's with the hugging ? mrs . harken I be just thankful that he be here . harken I will bet you be . do you know this guy ? mrs . harken no . we just -- harken be you fuck he , Rhonda ? mrs . harken oh , come on . harken ( to dale ) what be you do out here , anyway ? wait to fuck my wife ? dale ( flustered ) I have never meet you wife -- still a bit woozy , harken get to he foot and point at Dale . harken you need to get the hell out of here . mrs . harken Dave , stop it . you should be thanking he . why be you be so suspicious ? ( continued ) 75 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 harken why ? because I know you sleep around on I . and I be go to find out who it be . mrs . harken you be be ridiculous . harken be I ? what about maurilio ? I see the way you look at he . mrs . harken I be not have sex with the gardener ! as harken and he wife continue to bicker , Dale quietly retreat to kurt 's car . 82 int . nick's apartment - later 82 Nick and kurt pace nervously . nick I can not believe that idiot Dale . you realize we be all go to jail because of he . kurt I can not go to jail . look at this eye . look at this ass . they will be all over I . nick yeah , I too . kurt ( not convinced ) well ... nick what do you mean `well ' ? I would get rape just as much as you . kurt ( patronizing ) no , of course you would . you be a good - look guy . nick you think you be more rape-able than I be . ( continued ) 76 . 82 continued : 82 kurt I never say that -- Dale enter . dale oh good . you guy be here . do you see I out there ? kurt yeah , Dale , we see you . dale pretty neat , huh ? nick no , it be not neat ! you stab harken to death in front of the whole neighborhood ! kurt not cool , man . dale wait , that be harken ? nick who would you think you be stabbing ? dale I be not stabbing anybody . that be a epi-pen . he be have a allergic reaction to peanut and I injected he . kurt and Nick digest this for a beat . nick so let I understand this . my boss , who we be try to kill , be die in front of you and you save he life ? kurt not cool , man . dale wait , you be just mad at I for kill he and now you be mad at I for not kill he ?! ( then ) see , this be why I need to know what this people look like ! ( continued ) 77 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 nick hang on a sec . maybe this recon be not a waste of time . now we know harken 's deathly allergic to peanut and pellit have a huge stash of cocaine . kurt ( getting it ) we could put peanut in harken 's house and rat poison in pellit 's coke ! nick everyone would assume that pellit just get a batch of taint drug . dale but harken must always have that epi-pen on he . they consider this for a beat . kurt I bet he do not wear it in the shower . we could put peanut in he shampoo ! nick perfect ! two fatal accident . and we be not even there when they happen . dale that just leave Julia . kurt tomorrow night , I will surveil she and figure out how to take she down . nick good . I will get some rat poison and take care of pellit . Dale , think you can get some peanut into harken 's shampoo ? dale I can do that . kurt all right . that just leave we with one final thing to settle . ( continued ) 78 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) 82 nick what 's that ? kurt Dale , if Nick and I be in prison , which one of we would get rape more ? off Dale 's confusion and Nick 's annoyance -- 83 ext . pellit' STREET - next night 83 Nick sit in he park car watch the house through binocular . 84 int . nick be car - continuous action 84 through a upstairs window , he see pellit enter he bedroom . Nick check he coat pocket and confirm it contain a Home Depot bag with rat poison inside . Nick dial he cell phone . intercut with : 85 ext . julia' condo - same time 85 kurt sit in he car , read maxim magazine . Julia 's car pull up . she get out , go to the trunk , open it , then bend down to get a bag of grocery . Nick watch she ass appreciatively as she do and keep watch as she head into she building . sfx : his cell phone ring . nick ( on phone ) hey . have you learn anything about Julia yet ? kurt well , I have learn that Dale be a homosexual because this chick be unbelievably hot . how 's it go over there ? nick I be just wait for pellit to go to sleep . I wonder how Dale 's do with harken . 79 . 86 ext . harken' STREET - same time 86 Dale 's car be park . 87 int . dale' car - continuous action 87 Dale watch the movie precious on he laptop . he glance over to see harken turn on the light in he bedroom . on the seat beside Dale , we see a large jar of planters peanut . 88 int . harken' bedroom - continuous action 88 harken look around suspiciously , then go to Mrs. harken 's closet . he open it and begin look through she clothing . he sniff one of she dress and he eye narrow . he sniff himself , then compare it to the smell of the dress . unsatisfied , he continue search around the room for any incriminate evidence . suddenly , he foot come in contact with something on the floor . he reach down and pick up ... pellit' blackberry . he turn it on and scroll down the contact list to " home " which show Bobby pellit 's name and address . harken 's face turn bett red . 89 int . dale' car - moment later 89 Dale duck down as he see harken 's garage door open . harken 's porsche 911 pull out and zoom up the street . still scooched down , Dale dial he phone . 90 int . nick be car - same time 90 Nick watch pellit perform a series of sweaty kung fu move in a full - length mirror . nick Jesus , where do he get the energy ? ( remembering ) oh yeah . cell phone ring . Nick answer . nick what 's up , Dale ? ( continued ) 80 . 90 continued : 90 dale harken just leave he house . I be go in . nick good luck , man . dale thanks . 91 int . harken' bathroom - minute later 91 Dale flip on the light and enter clutching the peanut jar in he glove hand . he slide open the shower curtain and harken 's cat leap out at he . dale ahhh ! he regains he composure and find a bottle of I n's shampoo . as he nervously remove the cap from the shampoo and the lid from the peanut , he notice that mr . peanut be staring right at he . despite he jaunty top hat and little monocle , there be something almost accuse in he look . Dale stare back at Mr. peanut as we see he resolve soften . 92 int . nick be car - same time 92 Nick watch as pellit finally get into bed and turn off he bedside lamp . nick okay . here we go . Nick reach for the door handle as -- sfx : Nick 's cell phone ring . Nick jump , then answer the phone . intercut with : 93 int . harken' bathroom - continuous action 93 dale ( into phone ) Nick ? nick what ? ( continued ) 81 . 93 continued : 93 dale I be not sure if I can do this . nick where be you ? dale in harken 's bathroom . about to pour the nut in he shampoo . but , I just ... I know he 's a real shithead , but he 's still a person , y'know ? light appear in Nick 's rearview mirror . nick ( look down at the rat poison , reluctantly ) yeah . I know . harken 's porsche pull up and stop just behind Nick 's car . harken get out and head toward pellit 's front door . dale what should I do ? should I do it ? suddenly , Nick look up to see harken knock on pellit 's door . in the bedroom , pellit 's light go on . nick ( whispering ) what the fuck ?! dale what ? nick it 's harken . he 's here ! dale at pellit 's ?! why ?! nick I do not know . he 's knock on he door ! dale how would harken even know pellit ? 82. 94 ext . pellit' house - continuous action 94 look irritate , pellit answer the door . before he can get a word out ... ... harken remove a gun from he pocket and shoot pellit twice in the chest . 95 int . nick be car - continuous action 95 Nick react , slumping down in he seat , horrify . nick oh my god oh my god oh my god ... dale what ? what ? what ?! nick he shot he . harken shot pellit ! dale oh my god . be he dead ?! nick shhhh ! with shaking hand , Nick reach for he ignition but knock the car key out . they fall onto the floor of the car . nick ( hushed ) fuck ! as Nick bend down to find he key , harken 's shadow loom over he . Nick cower just out of sight . 96 ext . nick be car - continuous action 96 harken look around . do he hear something ? no. he calmly but briskly walk away from Nick 's car , get into he own and speed off . 97 int . nick be car - continuous action 97 dale what 's happen ? nick harken 's go . ( continued ) 83. 97 continued : 97 dale what about pellit ? nick he 's not move . he look dead . dale shit ! what do we do ?! nick I have get to get out of here before someone see I ! meet I at the bar . I will call kurt . Nick zoom away from the curb . 98 ext . STREET corner - moment later 98 Nick 's car speed through a red light at a intersection . a traffic camera flash as it snap Nick 's photo and license plate . 99 int . bradford be bar - short time later 99 with tremble hand , Nick and Dale take deep gulp of they drink . kurt hurry in , look dishevel . the ensue conversation be conduct in tense whisper . kurt okay , let 's all stay calm and figure this out . nick calm ? how can we be calm ? I watch a man die a hour ago ! kurt a man you be go to kill anyway . nick well ... kurt what ? nick I do not know if I have it in I . dale I neither . ( continued ) 84 . 99 continued : 99 kurt I can not believe you guy ! you can not just bail on a plan like that at the last minute . nick you think when it come down to it , you would have be able to murder Julia ? kurt soften . kurt I do not know . I mean , afterwards , it be kind of hard to imagine kill she . Nick and Dale turn to he , quizzically . dale ` afterwards ' ? kurt realize what he say . nick you sleep with she , do not you ? dale ( to kurt ) oh god . please tell I you do not sleep with she . kurt lower he head . nick you be a mess . kurt I know , I know . but it 's not my fault . CUT to : 100 flashback - ext . julia' house - night 100 kurt 's car be park across the street . kurt ( v.o. ) at first I be surveilling she just like I be suppose to ... 85 . 101 int . kurt car - night 101 kurt watch through she bedroom window as Julia undress sexily . kurt ( v.o. ) then she start deliberately undress in front of the window . with the light on . she must have know I be there . as Julia remove she bra , we see kurt 's face press against he car window , he breath fogging it up . 102 int . kurt car - later 102 Julia enter she bedroom with a tray of food . she wear a skimpy kimono - style robe . she sit on she bed and unwrap a popsicle . kurt ( v.o. ) then she make herself a little snack . a popsicle ... we see Julia eat the popsicle as suggestively as humanly possible . then she pick up a banana and peel it . kurt ( v.o. ) ... then a banana .... Julia ease the whole banana into she mouth . then she pick up a hot dog . kurt ( v.o. ) ... and finally a hot dog . I mean , three penis-shape food can not be coincidence . and in that weird order ? that 's not a proper meal . 103 ext . julia' house - short time later 103 dale ( v.o. ) so you take that as a invitation to fuck she ? Julia open she front door , stare straight at kurt and beckon he inside with one finger . she walk back inside , leave the door wide open . kurt ( v.o. ) no . I take she invitation to fuck she as a invitation to fuck she . ( continued ) 86 . 103 continued : 103 kurt open he car door so quickly he tumble out headfirst , plant he face on the street . he jump up , but one ankle be tangle in the seatbelt . he finally extricate himself and hurry to the house as fast as he can . 104 int . bradford be bar - continuous action ( present ) 104 nick there be something clinically wrong with you . kurt I know . I be a rapscallion . dale you be not a rapscallion . you be a whore . a filthy whore . kurt hey . not nice . and besides , I think I actually solve you problem , Dale . Julia just need a good fuck . I bet she 's not go to mess with you anymore . nick whatever . we have bigger fish to fry right now . what do we do about harken ? kurt here 's what we do . we call the cop and make a anonymous tip that harken kill pellit . boom . harken 's in jail . pellit 's in hell . Julia 's have the crazy fuck out of she . we problem be solve . boom . nick okay , but we should find a payphone . we do not want they trace the call to we . 105 ext . bradford be bar - minute later 105 Nick , kurt and Dale emerge from the bar . nick come on , we will take my car . the three of they climb into Nick 's car . 87 . 106 int . nick be car - continuous action 106 before Nick can even pull out of he parking spot , they hear the whoop of a police siren and see the flash light of a squad car behind they . the guy ' face go white . nick what the hell ? Nick unroll he window as one cop approach he side and he partner come up on the other . cop be you the owner of this vehicle ? nick uh , yes . be there something wrong ? cop we have get a apb on a black Kia spectra , license 4hig208 . nick can I ask why ? cop a traffic cam catch this vehicle flee the scene of a crime tonight . I be go to need you to follow we to the station . kurt Officer ? this be not my car . be it okay if I just -- ? cop all three of you , please . Nick glare at kurt as the cop head back to they car . 107 int . police station - later 107 kurt , Nick and Dale sit in a wait area look equal part terrify and piss at each other . throughout the follow , they speak in hushed voice . dale they know everything . we be dead . I can not believe I let you guy talk I into this ! ( continued ) 88. 107 continued : 107 kurt oh , please . we be just be hypothetical . you be the one who push we to do it . nick we can not even say anything about harken now . kurt why not ? nick uh , well , kurt , be outside the murder victim 's house because I be plan to murder he probably be not the best alibi in the world . kurt you know , I do not actually do anything illegal , so ... dale you break into two people 's house and steal a Black Berry ! kurt you gonna rat on I , Dale ? dale well , since I be the only one without a connection to the murder , yeah , maybe I will . nick that mean you would also rat on I . kurt not if I rat on Dale first . just then , a burly detective , hagan , appear behind they . hagan gentlemen , this way , please . the guy glare angrily at each other as they follow hagan . 108 int . interrogation room - minute later 108 Nick , Dale and kurt sit on metal chair across a table from hagan and he equally burly partner , samson . hagan slide a photo across the table to Nick . 89 . 109 close on a black and white image of nick 109 take by the traffic camera . his terrify face be clear , as be the time stamp at the bottom . 110 back to scene 110 hagan do you want to explain why you be drive 61 in a 25 zone , a block from the victim 's house two minute after he be shot to death ? nick I ... be drag racing . ( off they skeptical look ) I be a drag racer . there 's no law against that , be there ? hagan actually there be . samson you be drag racing in a Kia spectra ? nick I do not win a lot . hagan here 's what I do not understand . you be at the crime scene . a hour later when we find you car , you just happen to be hang out with this guy ... ( gesture to Dale ) ... a register sex offender -- kurt ( re : dale ) tsk tsk . hagan ... and this guy ... ( gesture at kurt and hold up a wallet ) ... whose employee id say he work for pellit chemical , the victim 's company . ( continued ) 90 . 110 continued : 110 kurt ( feigning SHOCK ) wait . my boss be murder ?! Bobby pellit ?! dale ( wry ) you want I to get you a kleenex ? kurt I can not believe this . ( to nick ) what be you do near he house ?! Nick look at he , piss . nick where be you during the murder ? kurt I be make love . dale ( snort ) ` make love . ' kurt ( to the cop ) let I ask you something , detective . let 's say one of we know who the shooter be and be willing to hand you that perp on a platter . would he be entitle to some sort of immunity for that information ? both Dale and Nick shoot dagger at he . hagan no . but he would be entitle to some sort of jail time . because if he know who the shooter be and do not tell we , that would be obstruction of justice . a beat . kurt well , then I be glad we have no idea who the shooter be , right , guy ? ( continued ) 91 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 samson ( losing patience ) if you expect we to believe this be all just a big coincidence , we be go to be here for a long time . dale okay wait ! now it 's kurt and Nick who look nervous . be Dale about to crack ? dale say that we will be here for a long time imply that we can not leave . do that mean we be under arrest ? samson look to hagan who grimace . hagan no . we just bring you in for question . dale so , you do not have evidence constitute probable cause to arrest we ? samson not yet . dale well then , we be free to go ? hagan technically . Dale nervously stand up , half expect to be hit . dale come on , guy . kurt and Nick , impressed and relieved , stand and head out . 111 int . police station - continuous action 111 the three guy head for the exit . ( continued ) 92 . 111 continued : 111 nick ( to dale ) Nice work . where would that come from ? dale ` Law &amp ; order . ' kurt we really show that guy . nick ` we ' ? you be gonna turn we in ! kurt for , like , a second . samson ( o.s. ) stop ! the guy turn to see samson hold out a traffic citation . samson ( hand it to Nick ) for speed and run a red light . ( then ) do not get too comfortable out there , boy . we forensics team be sweeping pellit 's house for fingerprint and DNA . and they do not miss much . we hold on kurt 's face and -- CUT to : 112 flashback - int . pellit' bathroom - day 112 kurt pull pellit 's toothbrush out of he butt and return it to its holder . 113 back to scene ( present ) 113 kurt suddenly look nauseous . 114 int . kurt car - minute later 114 kurt drive , Nick be in front and Dale in back . ( continued ) 93. 114 continued : 114 kurt we be so fuck . nick maybe it 's time to lawyer up . dale I do not have money for a lawyer . I give all my money to cocksucker Jones ! kurt hey , that 's right ! I forget all about cocksucker . why do not we ask he what to do ? nick we do pay he five thousand dollar to be we murder consultant . dale actually , it be five thousand forty with the briefcase . off they look -- CUT to : 115 int . dive bar - short time later 115 cocksucker Jones look up from he bar stool , surprised to see Nick , kurt and Dale . cocksucker jone oh damn , look who 's back . how do it go with the stranger on a train shit ? kurt not great . we need you help . nick one of we intend victim kill another of we intend victim . cocksucker 's eye go wide . cocksucker jone shut the fuck up ! what kind of evil geniuse be you ? ( continued ) 94 . 115 continued : 115 dale we do not even know why it happen . but the cop bring we in as suspect . what do we do now ? cocksucker jone first thing first . I be gonna need another five thousand dollar . kurt what ? no way . you say the last five thousand would cover this ! cocksucker jone okay , fine . pay for my drink . as Nick put down a few bill on the bar , Dale lean in to kurt . dale ( sotto ) not the best negotiator , be he ? cocksucker jone let I ask you this -- the guy who kill the other guy you be plan on kill , be the police after he too ? nick no . they do not suspect he . cocksucker jone all right , so you be gonna need to encourage he to turn himself in , by say , kidnap he wife and mailing he she earlobe or something . dale that 's horrible . cocksucker jone naw , the earlobe 's vestigial . ( off they look ) all right , how about you trick he into confess what he do while you wear a wire ? kurt a wire . that 's good . ( continued ) 95 . 115 continued : ( 2 ) 115 nick ( to cocksucker ) be that how the cop catch you when you murder someone ? cocksucker jone what the hell be you talk about ? I never murder anyone . there 's a beat . nick what ? cocksucker jone who tell you I kill somebody ? kurt you do . you say you serve a `dime ' for `some pretty ugly shit . ' cocksucker jone it be ugly . dale what be it ? cocksucker jone ( leaning in ) you ever see the movie snow falling on cedar ? nick / kurt no . dale yes . cocksucker jone I get catch with a video camera make a bootleg copy of that movie . nick you do ten year for video piracy ? cocksucker jone hey , that 's a federal offense . they take that shit serious . ( beat ) I also make the mistake of represent myself at trial . May have insulted a few of the juror . ( continued ) 96 . 115 continued : ( 3 ) 115 kurt hold on . you be tell I we have be take murder advice from someone whose biggest crime be taping a ethan hawke movie ?! cocksucker jone so you do know it . dale if you be not a murderer , why do you carry that gun on you belt ? cocksucker jone gun ? he pull back he jacket to reveal the holster we see earlier . cocksucker jone this be a motherfuck iphone . he pull the phone out and show they . nick I feel like such a moron . cocksucker jone well , you be a moron . you do not walk into a bar and hand a guy five thousand dollar just because he 's black . kurt come on , guy . let 's get out of here . the three of they turn to go . cocksucker jone ( call after they ) trust I on the wire thing , though . worked for donnie brasco . bootlegge that movie too . 116 ext . police crime lab - next day 116 hagan and samson pull up in they car and get out . 117 int . forensics lab - moment later 117 the detective enter to find a crime tech lean over he computer . ( continued ) 97 . 117 continued : 117 hagan you get something for we ? crime tech we do not find any foreign print in the house , but we do get a DNA match for one of you suspect , kurt gamble . samson where be it ? crime tech pellit 's upstairs bathroom . his toothbrush . it have trace of gamble 's fecal matter . hagan that sick bastard . crime tech that 's not all . we find fece on pellit 's hairbrush , face soap , floss and razor . samson razor ?! crime tech the handle . not the blade . this gamble guy put just about everything in that bathroom up he ass . hagan all I care about be that it put he inside the house . that 's enough for a warrant for he and he drag racing , sex offender friend . ( take out cell ) I will call the da . 118 ext . harken' house - that night 118 kurt 's car pull up with the light off and park . 119 int . kurt car - continuous action 119 kurt be at the wheel , Nick sit shotgun , Dale in back . ( continued ) 98 . 119 continued : 119 kurt okay , look quiet . be the tape recorder ready ? Dale pull out a mini-tape recorder and hand it to Nick along with a roll of surgical tape . dale Fresh battery , fresh six- hour tape , voice activate . nick one of we need to tape it to we chest . kurt I will do it . I be the only one without hair on my chest . nick that 's `cause you shave it . kurt I do not shave it . I wax it . Nick give kurt the recorder and kurt tape it to he chest then lower he shirt . dale so what do we do now ? wait for harken to come home and ambush he ? nick I have a better idea . let 's be in the house when he walk in . he will be so mad , he will be more likely to confess . kurt right . we will sit there in the dark till he come in , and then switch on a lamp . that will freak he out . dale hey , we should find a office chair so one of we can dramatically spin around and face harken . nick I will be in the chair . ( continued ) 99 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) 119 kurt why do you get to be the guy in the chair ? nick he 's my boss . dale we could try and find more than one office chair so the three of we can spin around at the same time . kurt that do not sound intimidating . that sound like a musical number . dale I guess you be right . I will turn on the lamp . kurt so I be just suppose to stand there like a idiot ? nick you be recording it all . you be the most important member of the team . kurt do not patronize I , Nick . 120 ext . harken' porch - minute later 120 the guy tiptoe onto the porch , peek in the window . Nick try the front door ... and it swing open . they look at each other , then quietly head inside . 121 int . harken' house - continuous action 121 the light suddenly come on . partygoer surprise ! there be 20 or 30 partygoer in the house which be decorate for a birthday party . the guy stand dumbstruck . the revelry peter out as the guest realize there be three stranger at the door . Mrs. harken step up . ( continued ) 100 . 121 continued : 121 mrs . harken who be you ? nick uh ... hi ... sorry we be late . I be Nick . I work with you husband and -- mrs . harken ( noticing dale ) be not you the young man who help Dave on the street the other day ? dale uh , yes . how 's he do ? mrs . harken he 's fine . thanks to you . ( then , to Nick ) do I invite you to this ? before Nick can answer a guest at the window call out . guest # 1 his car just turn the corner ! guest # 2 someone get the light ! as everyone scurries to hide , kurt find himself press up against Mrs. harken , beside the sofa . he check she out . kurt ( shaking she hand ) hi , we do not formally meet . I be kurt . mrs . harken ( distracted ) hi. kurt Nick do not tell I that he boss be marry to a model . mrs . harken ( notice he now , flattered ) I be not a model . kurt ( " sincere " ) when do you quit ? ( continued ) 101 . 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 we see Mrs. harken be intrigue . just then , the front door open and harken enter . the light come on . partygoer surprise ! a jittery harken nearly jump out of he skin as the crowd start sing " happy birthday . " Mrs. harken take harken 's arm . mrs . harken be you surprised ? harken ( relieved ) oh , yeah . mrs . harken look , everyone 's here . harken ( evilly ) almost everyone . mrs . harken who be you talk about ? harken I think you know . ( then ) I need to put my stuff away . I will be right back . he head off to he study , leave he confuse wife . she notice kurt , stand at the buffet , stare at she . he smile and wink . Mrs. harken give he a little wave . 122 angle on nick , kurt and dale 122 nick he 's go off alone . this be we chance . dale you guy ready ? kurt ( still stare at Mrs. harken ) so fuck ready . nick okay , stay close . ( continued ) 102 . 122 continued : 122 kurt ( not listening ) gotcha . the three of they head toward the study . 123 int . harken' study - continuous action 123 just as Nick and Dale enter , harken look up and see they . harken what the hell be you do here ? ( to dale ) you come to stab I a few more time , you lunatic ? ( to nick ) and my wife invite you ? be you fuck she too ? Nick try he best to suppress he nervousness and be cool and threaten . nick we know what you do , harken . harken what do that mean ? nick we be there . we see you kill he . harken ( turning dead serious ) so what be this ? a shakedown ? you think you can blackmail I because you see I kill my wife 's lover ? Nick wince . so close . dale ( blurting out ) say he name . Nick and harken turn to Dale . harken what ? ( continued ) 103 . 123 continued : 123 dale the guy you kill . what be he name ? harken trust I , pellit 's name do not matter anymore . nick there it be ! ( turn to Dale ) let 's go , guy -- he freeze as he see for the first time that kurt do not accompany they into the study . it 's just he and Dale . Nick look around , panicked . harken yeah , I kill pellit -- nick hang on . hold that think , because I want to get my friend , kurt -- harken I walk right up to he door and I shot he in he fuck chest , and I will tell you something : I like it . so if you think I be a pussy who will not do the same exact thing to some half - ass blackmailer , guess again . nick ( look back at the live room ) you know who really think you be a pussy be my friend kurt . let I go grab he and you can tell he exactly what you just -- harken you be pathetic , Waters . you come into my home , on my goddam birthday and try and pull this shit ? well , guess what ? you be a dead man . you ... ( to dale ) ... you , and you friend kurt , whoever the fuck he be . Dead . men. ( continued ) 104 . 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 dale ( softly ) we do not know it be you birthday . harken have cross to a drawer and take out a small safe . he begin turn the combination lock . nick what be you do ? what 's in that ? harken my gun . just give I a second . Nick and Dale exchange a look , then quickly rush out of the room . 124 int . harken' live room - moment later 124 look thoroughly freak out , Nick and Dale push they way through the partygoer . nick we have he ! we have the whole thing . what happen to kurt ? just then , the door to a guest bathroom open and kurt emerge , buckle he belt and look strangely red in the face . kurt oh , hey . nick ` hey ' ?! where be you ?! kurt uh , I have to go to the bathroom . bad salmon puff . be we ready to record harken ? nick you be too late , kurt ! he confess the whole damn thing ! dale more than once ! then he tell we we be dead man ! he 's get he gun right now ! kurt oh , man , I be so sorry . I fuck up . ( continued ) 105 . 124 continued : 124 nick yeah , you -- suddenly , the bathroom door open again and out step Mrs. harken , also look dishevel . she adjust she dress then rejoin the party . nick ( realize what kurt be do ) you dick ! overcome with rage , Nick punch kurt in the arm then rush to the door . Dale and kurt hurry after he . 125 angle on harken 125 see they go . with a grim look , he calmly head to the garage . 126 int . kurt be car - minute later 126 Nick sit steaming mad as kurt drive . Dan fiddle with the tape recorder in the back . kurt look , I be not think . she 's so hot and I be so weak . I be a weak , weak man . I admit it . from the back seat , we hear from the tape recorder : kurt ( v.o. ) in here ? but all that people be right outside . mrs . harken ( v.o. ) I know . that make it even hotter . we hear unbuckle and unzipping . mrs . harken ( v.o. ) you ball be so smooth . kurt ( v.o. ) I wax they . dale be there anything you do not wax ? kurt shrug . we hear some wet , smacking sound . ( continued ) 106 . 126 continued : 126 nick ugh . turn it off , Dale ! kurt ( v.o. ) oh yeah ... oh shit ! mrs . harken ( v.o. ) whoops . that be fast ... kurt ( quickly ) yeah , Dale , turn that off ! 127 ext . STREET - continuous action 127 a short distance behind a car be follow kurt 's . as it come closer we see it 's a porsche . and it 's drive by a determine - look harken . 128 ext . kurt apartment - short time later 128 kurt 's car turn the corner and stop short . 129 int . kurt car - continuous action 129 from the guy ' Pov we see a unmark car and a police squad car park outside of kurt 's place . hagan and samson stand with two uniformed officer . kurt ( o.s. ) Holy shit ! they must have find my DNA . nick ( o.s. ) turn around ! get we out of here ! 130 ext . STREET - continuous action 130 kurt quickly do a u-turn and zoom off in the direction they come , inadvertently speed through a red light . we see a traffic camera flash . 131 insert - a black and white photograph 131 clearly show the three guy , they face distort with panic . 107 . 132 int . kurt car - moment later 132 kurt okay , it 's clear that none of we can go home again . probably ever . dale what ?! kurt I be sure they have cop at all we place . I think we best bet be to get out of the country . nick where be we go to go ? kurt Mexico ? dale everyone flee to Mexico . that 's the first place they will look . kurt you be right . what about Asia ? we could become kick boxer . nick what the fuck be you talk about ? kurt what if we entire life have be lead up to this moment ? what if we be destine from the very beginning to become asian kick boxer ? nick what if I be destine to smack you right in the face ? kurt that seem like a lesser destiny . sfx : Dale 's cell phone ring . dale ( answering phone ) hello ? intercut with : 108 . 133 int . julia' bathroom - same time 133 Julia lie in a bubble bath , a glass of wine on the edge of the tub . julia hello , lover . dale oh god. look , Julia , I can not talk right now -- kurt react at hearing it 's Julia . he make a " I be not here " gesture . julia no worry , baby . I actually mean to call you home phone . you know , to tell stacy about we . dale no ! wait ! julia I think I have wait long enough . I be tired of you play with my emotion . dale I be not play . I be go to do it . I swear ! julia this Friday . at the office . dale Fine ! julia wait . what be you go to do to I ? dale I be go to ... have sex with you . julia detail ! and be explicit . dale right now ? you want I to say it ? kurt oh , shit . we have get company . ( continued ) 109 . 133 continued : 133 he point out the back window and the guy react as they see harken drive directly on they tail . nick it 's harken ! lose he ! kurt lose he ? sure , Nick . his 500 horsepower be no match for my 150 . julia ( on phone ) say it ! dale ( blurting out ) I be gonna put my penis in you pussy ! despite the danger , kurt and Nick turn curiously to look at Dale . julia oh , come on , casanova . you can do better than that . dale ( with difficulty ) I be gonna make you feel good . with my tongue ... and my finger . and whatnot . just then , harken speed up and slam into the tail of kurt 's car . kurt struggle to stay on the road . nick Jesus Christ , this guy 's nut ! julia you go to slap I with you cock , Dale ? dale yes ! yes ! I be go to beat you face with my cock ! julia more ! bang ! harken again hit kurt 's car from behind . a tail light shatter . ( continued ) 110 . 133 continued : ( 2 ) 133 dale ( frantic ) I be gonna put my ball in you hair ! I be gonna spit on you arm ! kurt and Nick exchange a baffle look . julia see you Friday , you dirty bird . Julia hang up . Dale look like he 's be violate . dale Nice job vfuck the crazy out of she , ' kurt ! kurt maybe I should have spit on she arm . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) good evening , Mr. gamble . the three of they jump , startle by the sudden voice in the car with they . kurt what the hell ? on STAR rep ( v.o. ) this be Gregory , you on Star rep . we on - board sensor report that you have a damage tail light . kurt yeah , thanks , Gregory , we know . we be be chase by a crazy man and he just smashed into we ! kurt look in the rearview mirror and see harken be still behind they . as he car reach a intersection , kurt swerve at the last second and take a hard leave . harken overshoot the turn . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) oh dear . I will alert the local police authority and direct they to you location . nick no , wait ! do not call the police ! they be already after we . ( continued ) 111 . 133 continued : ( 3 ) 133 dale they think we murder someone . suddenly , kurt 's engine die and the car come to a gradual stop . nick why be you slow down ?! kurt I be not ! the engine die ! on STAR rep ( v.o. ) I have remotely disabled you engine . kurt why would you do that , Gregory ?! on STAR rep ( v.o. ) it 's a standard on Star safety protocol when we believe a driver have commit a crime . kurt I pay nineteen buck a month for this fuck service ! on STAR rep ( v.o. ) please stay with you vehicle . the police should arrive shortly . dale I think you be we friend , Gregory ! there 's a sound of screeching tire and harken 's porsche zoom up behind they . nick he 's not stop ! kurt oh , shit ! 134 ext . STREET - continuous action 134 harken 's car plows into the rear of kurt 's , force it into the back of a park car . even if the engine be work , there would be nowhere to go now . daze from the impact , the guy look back to see harken slowly approach on foot , hold a gun in he hand . ( continued ) 112 . 134 continued : 134 dale shit , shit , shit ... harken tap on kurt 's window with the barrel of the gun . kurt lower the window . kurt I be guess you do not want to exchange insurance information -- ? harken out of the car . all of you . the three guy nervously exit the car and face harken who point the gun at they . nick look , Mr. harken -- harken shut the fuck up ! I have get six bullet in here . so if I want to , I can shoot each of you twice , just like I do that bastard , pellit . but if I do that , I will have to spend the rest of my life run from the law or rotting in jail . Police siren approach . dale ( near tear ) so , you be not gonna shoot we ? harken no . I have a better idea . harken turn the gun toward he own thigh and fire . harken unnnnhhhh ! nick what the -- ?! as he leg bleed , harken wipe the gun off with he shirt , then suddenly toss it to Dale . harken catch . startle , Dale catch the pistol with shaking hand . ( continued ) 113. 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 harken ( through gritted teeth ) now I can tell the cop that when I discover you three kill pellit , you try to kill I to shut I up . kurt that 's crazy ! down the street , two squad car turn the corner and speed toward they . Dale look down at the gun in he hand and drop it . harken be it ? because I do not see a shred of evidence prove that I kill pellit . it 's like I have always tell you , Nick . life be a marathon and you can not win a marathon without put a few Band - aids on you nipple . Nick deflate . the three guy realize harken 's win . then , from the car 's open window they hear : on STAR rep ( v.o. ) do I mention that this conversation be be record ? kurt , Nick and Dale exchange a look of shock and relief . harken who say that ? kurt ( grinning ) that 's Gregory , we on Star rep . on STAR rep ( v.o. ) ( proudly ) my name be atmanand ! harken 's face fall . he look around nervously as the police car come to a halt . harken you can not -- this be not -- and with that , harken bolt away as fast as he injure leg will take he . it 's not very fast . the guy watch he for a beat as they share a joyful , exhaust moment together . ( continued ) 114 . 134 continued : ( 3 ) 134 nick I think this be gonna work out okay for we . kurt I tell you . dale ( re : harken ) should we stop he ? kurt probably . nick I have get this . ( look to heaven ) this be for you , gam gam . Nick sprint off after he hobbling boss and in slow motion , violently tackle harken to the pavement . harken go down hard , he face slamming against the asphalt . as the cop hurry toward they , Nick kneel on the back of harken 's neck , pin he . harken get the fuck off I ! kurt step up and kneel beside the batter figure . kurt ( gently ) hey , harken , one last thing ? harken ( barking ) what ?! kurt you wife give great head . harken struggle wildly but he 's helpless . CUT to black . fade in : 135 ext . pellit chemical CO . - morning 135 superimpose : one week later ( continued ) 115 . 135 continued : 135 the sun be shine . bird be chirp . it 's a bright , new day as kurt head into the building . 136 int . pellit chemical CO . - day 136 kurt enter and look over at what be pellit 's office . he smile when he see margie , the pregnant employee , now run the company . he head over . 137 int . margie' office - moment later 137 kurt knock on the doorframe and enter . margie oh , hey , kurt . come in . kurt thanks , margie . I just want to congratulate you on take over Bobby 's job . margie thank you . terrible what happen to he . kurt yeah . tough month for the pellit family . anyway , if there 's anything I can do to help out before the baby get here , please let I know . margie ( confuse ) what baby ? kurt you baby . margie ( beat , offended ) I be not pregnant . kurt ( chuckling ) yeah , right . look at that big belly . kurt pat she belly . margie now look genuinely piss off . ( continued ) 116 . 137 continued : 137 margie I be aware that I have a weight problem , kurt . it just happen to manifest itself in my lower abdomen . kurt I ... oh , my God . I be really sorry , margie -- he fall silent under margie 's death stare . margie ( coldly ) kurt , I know you be a favorite of Jack 's . he be willing to overlook you inappropriate behavior with female client and service people . but you should be aware , I be not Jack . and I have very little tolerance for the mistreatment of woman . so consider this you first strike . kurt how be I suppose to know you be just fat -- margie Strike two . kurt open he mouth to say something but think better of it . he stand up and slump out . life as he know it at pellit chemical be clearly over . 138 int . dental examination room - day 138 Julia enter to find Dale wait for she . a patient lie asleep in the chair , he face obscure by the nitrous mask . julia thank God it 's Friday , right , Dale ? dale ( resigned ) yeah . julia let 's drill this patient and then you can drill I . ( continued ) 117 . 138 continued : 138 dale could we do it on top of the patient ? I like the element of danger . julia ( impressed ) you continue to surprise I , you weird little man . Julia quickly undoe the patient 's belt and yank he pants down . julia ( to dale ) you like that ? this get you hot ? dale oh , yeah . Julia begin handle the patient 's imply genitals which be obscure by a tray of tool . julia ( in a puppet voice ) ` I wish I be Dale 's weenie so I could have sex with Julia . ' suddenly , the patient burst out laughing and sit up . julia what the hell ?! the patient pull off he nitrous mask to reveal it 's kenny , the guy ' former classmate from the bar . kenny ( laughing ) sorry , Dale . I could not keep it together anymore -- julia what be this ? dale Julia , meet my old high school friend , Kenny . kenny how do you do ? ( continued ) 118. 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 dale Kenny will do just about anything for fifty buck and that 's why I hire he to help I frame you . you day of sexually assault I and you patient be over . julia ( laugh derisively ) seriously ? this be all you have get ? you word against mine ? I be a highly respected professional and you be two loser . dale Three loser . Dale point to the window where Julia see cocksucker jone outside hold up a video camera . he wave to she . julia you little bastard -- dale shut up , Julia . now , my fiancee and I be go to take a very expensive two week vacation which you be go to pay for . and then I be go to come back to a rape - free workplace . because if you so much as look at my ass , I will have yours lock up . with a bounce in he step , Dale stride out of the room . there 's a awkward beat with Kenny and Julia . kenny I do not suppose you could take a look at this molar -- julia ( scream ) out ! get out ! Kenny scamper out , pull up he pants as he go . 139 int . nick's office ( formerly harken be ) - day 139 Nick be in he new office as a young employee , carter , 20' , pop he head in . carter you want to see I , Mr. Waters ? ( continued ) 119 . 139 continued : 139 nick hi , Carter . just want to check if you have a chance to finish that regional sale projection yet ? carter oh , I think I may need another day . nick okay . I be hope to give they to the marketing guy today , but I can hold they off . ( friendly ) in the future , it would be great if you could tell I if you be go to miss a deadline . Carter 's eye narrow . all at once , he rush at Nick , grab he by the throat and hurl he through the plate glass window , shatter it . 140 ext . commtronix industries - continuous action 140 Nick plummet forty foot and land with a sickening crunch directly onto he own car . just behind he we see a parking plaque that read " Nick Waters , senior vp of sale . " smash CUT to : 141 same scene ( reality ) 141 Carter stand opposite Nick as before . carter sure . no problem , Mr. Waters . nick thanks , buddy . Nick smile and close the door behind Carter . he settles into he comfy chair and put he foot up on the desk . nick it 's good to be the boss . CUT to black . the end