horrible boss 2 by Jonathan goldstein & John Francis daley April 20 , 2012 ext . highway - morning from overhead , we see a Toyota prius chugge along down the highway . nick ( v.o. ) when you be the president of the 98th large financial service company in America you need to project a certain image . a image of boldness , strength and confidence . suddenly , a brand new , shiny black porsche boxster convertible zoom around the prius , leave it in the dust . as we move in , we see the driver of the porsche be nick hendrick . sunglass . top down . wind in he hair . he look pretty cool . nick ( v.0o . ) you be not gonna get that image drive a prius . ext . comnidyne parking lot - moment later Nick pull into the lot and take a reserve spot near the entrance with a sign that read '' nick hendrick , president . '' he get out of the porsche and remove the dealer 's paper floormat from under the pedal . nick ( v.o. ) I put in a lot of year to become president of comnindyne and now I be earning a lot more and work a lot ... more . the strange thing be , when I finally make it to the top , I realize that I have actually only make it to the bottom of the top . Nick head toward the building , pass several parking spot with much more expensive sport car ( Ferrari , porsche 911 turbo , mercede slr mclare ) each with a sign bear a name and the title '' president . '' nick ( v.o. ) turn out comnidyne have seven president . and I be the most junior . int . conference room - minute later Nick enter to find he more senior colleague in they morning meeting . nick hey , sorry I be late . ( hold up key ) have to stop by the dealership to pick up a little something . the other all react , impressed . peter , 40' , squat , gnome - like , head to the window which look down at the parking lot . peter well do . hendrick get himself some big boy wheel . another colleague , arthur , 60 's , join they at the window . arthur ( look outside ) which one be she ? nick ( point ) right there . she 's the porsche . peter barely . you get a boxster ? nick uh huh . two -thousand thirteen . a sallow - look woman , jeanine , 50' , chime in . jeanine cost you that much ? the other all laugh derisively . nick it 's a great little car . peter that 's adorable . you be a great little man . glen , 50' , hairpiece and jowl , step up . glen I get my daughter a boxster for she sweet 16 . make I take it back . Said it be '' too girly . '' they all laugh again . Nick grit he tooth . nick okay . maybe we should get to work . arthur you could not at least spring for the carrera ? nick figure I have go with the classic . peter uh , the boxster be introduce about forty year after the carrera . so , not exactly '' a classic . '' jeanine ( patting he on the shoulder ) do not worry , Nick . another ten year here , you will be able to afford a real car . Nick stare at she . arthur all right , guy . look like the swiss be about to change they drawdown reg , so we need to talk about a new home for we master feeder fund . the president turn back to the pile of paperwork on the table in front of they and resume they dreary work . as they talk , the sound drop down and we push in on Nick as he stare at he colleague . nick ( v.o . ) you know what 's at the top of the corporate ladder ? another goddamn ladder . I may be a president , but I be really just a fuck corporate tool . freeze on Nick 's forlorn expression as the word appear over he : fucking corporate tool ext . backyard pool - day we find kurt buckman sit poolside on a chaise lounge , read US weekly and sip a can of beer . kurt ( v.o . ) you be probably wonder , '' how do this handsome bastard get to sit by the pool with a beer on a workday ? '' well , here 's how : you quit you job , find a sugar mama whose rich husband be out of the picture and let she take care of you . he put the magazine over he face and be about to take a nap . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) kurt ! refill ! kurt set the magazine aside and spring to he foot . int . harken live room - moment later kurt enter , carry three glass of mojito . sitting on the couch be rhonda harken and she friend , nikki , late 30' , a lot of work do , and heidi , early 40 's , even more work . kurt ( v.o . ) do it bother I that my sugar mama happen to be the ex-wife of the man who try to kill I and my friend ? meh . rhonda ( to the girl ) she spend thousand on botox . she should spend 50 cent on a razor for that moustache . heidi she look like Tom selleck with fake boob ! the girl cackle . kurt quietly set the glass on the coffee table and turn to go . rhonda kurt. really ? kurt what ? rhonda the table . it 's African bubinga wood . I have tell you . use a coaster . kurt right . sorry . he put a coaster under each glass . rhonda thank you . ( back to the girl ) speak of erica , have you see how fat she husband have get ? nikki have you see my tub of shit lately ? he 's gain thirty pound since the holiday . heidi ( to Rhonda , indicate kurt ) at least you get a good one . kurt grin , flatter . rhonda he 's okay . kurt 's smile fade . rhonda ( cont 'd ) get a little doughy in the middle . nikki I do not believe it . rhonda it 's true . ( to kurt ) pop that shirt off . show they . kurt huh ? rhonda the shirt . pop it off . kurt I be not gonna -- rhonda ( sternly ) pop it . kurt Rhonda , I really do not -- rhonda pop. it. off. resigned , kurt take he shirt off . he 's in pretty good shape . rhonda ( cont 'd ) look at that . heidi he look all right to I . rhonda no , look . she grab what belly fat kurt have , pinching and jiggling it . kurt hey . rhonda how do we get rid of this ? because this be gross . here , touch it . as the other woman begin to poke and prod kurt 's abdomen , he sigh heavily . kurt ( v.o. ) I guess the only real downside of this whole arrangement be that sometimes I feel kinda , I do not know , bad about myself . like I have turn into a ball - less little bitch . freeze on kurt as the word appear over he : ball -less little bitch ext . dale 's house - day dale arbus open the front door of he tiny house . his very pregnant wife , stacy , bid he goodbye . Dale lean in to kiss she , but she enormous belly make it hard to reach she face . dale ( v.o. ) it 's all happen . I get marry . stacy 's pregnant -- with triplet ! and I finally get my sex offender status expunge . which be great , because otherwise I have have to stay 100 yard from my own kid . Dale cross to he car and pull out of the driveway . ext . dr . slocum 's office - short time later Dale pull into the parking lot , pass a sign that read '' dr . harlen slocum , pediatric dentist '' above a image of a cartoon tooth have its own tooth pull by another tooth dress as a dentist . dale ( v.o. ) I quit my dental assistant job and get a new job . as a dental assistant . but for a really sweet man . int . dr . slocum 's office hallway - moment later Dale walk down a hallway , pass frame photo of dr . slocum in he dental scrub at age 35 ... 45 ... 55 ... 75 ... 80 - something . dale ( v.o. ) a really sweet , really , really old man . int . waiting room - continuous Dale enter a world of chaos populate by scream kide and a handful of exhaust parent . toy lie strewn everywhere . a group of toddler tear the upholstery out of a sofa cushion . a receptionist sit at a desk , oblivious . Dale take a step and trip over something off -camera . he look down and pick up the crying infant he stumble on . dale okay , whose baby be this ? you can not just leave you baby on the floor . a harry mother take the baby from he as he carefully pick he way across the kid-cover floor . int . examination room - moment later Dale enter to find a 4 year - old boy , gabe , holler miserably as dr . slocum , 80 's , sit slump asleep with dental tool still inside gabe 's open mouth . dale not again . Dale hurry over and nudge the dentist awake . dale ( cont 'd ) Dr. slocum ! wake up . you be with a patient . dr . slocum ( groggy ) what ?! I know . what ?! Dale gently remove the tool from gabe 's mouth . gabe stop yell . dale ( to gabe ) you be okay , buddy . ( check ) nothing bleed here . gabe I have to pee . dale okay . bathroom 's down the hall . gabe someone have to take I . dale where 's you mommy ? gabe she 's at target . dale oh. okay , I will take you . dr . slocum hang on . I have get to check he lower leave cuspid . dale he 's gotta go to the bathroom , doctor . dr . slocum Fine . Dale escort the boy out . int . hallway - continuous Dale lead gabe to the bathroom door . dale okay . here you go . gabe you have to come in and help I . dale help you ? what do you mean ? gabe you have to unbutton my pants . dale I do not think that 's a great idea , gabe . gabe please ! I have to go ! Dale look around furtively . dale okay , come on . ( hustling he inside ) Quick , quick , come on . int . bathroom —- continuous Dale and gabe enter . Dale lock the door behind they and start uncomfortably undoing gabe 's pants . dale ( mumble ) it 's just that I recently have something expunge from my record . it be a big misunderstanding . empty playground . no kid anywhere . but I really should not be do this ... he get the pants open and head for the door . dale ( cont 'd ) okay . you be good to go . i’1l wait outside . gabe no ! you have to aim for I . dale what ?! no one 's teach you how to aim ? gabe shake he head . dale ( cont 'd ) what kind of parent -- be you mom always at target ? 10 . gabe I be gonna go in my pants ! dale I be gonna go to jail ! gabe do a desperate pee pee dance . gabe please ! it hurt ! dale aw man . you be really gonna make I do this ? ( sigh ) all right . let 's get it over with . Dale take a latex glove from he dental scrub and pull it on he hand . with he arm outstretch and look the other way , he help gabe aim ( off-screen ) . we hear the sound of pee . dale ( cont 'd ) there you go . ( to himself ) this be not a good situation . int . hallway - minute later a mortify Dale lead gabe back to the exam room . Dale peel off he glove and toss it in a bin . dale feel better ? gabe yes . thank you . dale you be welcome . ( beat ) now , you do not necessarily have to tell you mom that I help you pee . it can be we secret . ( quickly ) not a secret . just a fun thing that we never tell anyone else . ( quickly ) not a fun thing . just a secret . int . dr . slocum 's office - short time later Dale peer through the blind and see gabe get in a car with he mother . 11 . the car pull out of its parking spot and drive forward fifty foot or so , then screech to a halt , slam into reverse and zoom back into the parking lot . Dale look like he 's go to puke as gabe 's mother exit the car and march toward the building . dale oh shit oh shit oh shit ... he hurry to the wait room to head she off . int . waiting room - continuous Dale burst through the door to find gabe 's mother walk up to the receptionist . dale let I expl -- gaber mother ( to receptionist ) I completely forget to schedule gabe 's next appointment . Dale let out a enormous sigh of relief . dale ( v.o. ) I guess if I be be honest , this job stress the crap out of I . I be not so much a dental assistant as a goddamn babysitter . we freeze on Dale 's face as the word appear : GOD damn babysitter int . upscale HOTEL bar - that night Nick , kurt and Dale sit at a table with drink . like Nick , most of the patron wear business attire . many be older . a pianist play soft jazz in one corner . kurt ( to Dale ) what 's the deal with you and little kid 's dick ? dale there be not '' dick . '' it be just one . you make it sound like it be a boy choir ! 12 . nick I do not know , Dale . I be start to see a pattern here . I mean , if I have be on the sex offender registry , I would try and avoid handle kid 's private part . kurt ( to Dale ) I do not think I can be friend with you anymore . nick yeah , feel like two strike be enough . dale what be I suppose to do ? let the kid piss in he pants ? kurt / nick yeah . / uh huh . dale you guy do not get it . you be not father - to - be . you do not have the instinct to protect child . kurt I have the instinct to protect they from people like you . dale very funny . nick how 's stacy feel ? dale pregnant . very pregnant . I do not think the human body be design to carry three baby . kurt be you gross out by she body ? dale no ! of course not . it 's beautiful . ( off they look ) it 's a little gross . she 's get this weird line that run down she belly . kurt yeesh . not worth it , I say . 13. a waiter set down a fresh dish of olive , remove the old dish full of pit . Dale eagerly begin eat the new one . nick Dale , that 's you fourth bowl of olive . dale I like olive . nick just because they keep bring they do not mean you have to keep wolfing they down . dale but I like ‘em . kurt ( to Nick ) what do you care ? nick it 's embarrassing . this be a classy place . kurt it 's a bullshit place . I do not know why you drag we here all the time . dale yeah , what be wrong with we old bar ? nick this be much nicer . kurt Hotel bar suck . the beer cost ten buck and the woman be either old or hooker I can not afford . dale and that bathroom attendant expect I to pay he for paper towel , so I can not even wash my hand . kurt and Nick grimace as Dale root through the olive dish . kurt ( to Nick ) I know why you like this place . you be a fancypant . nick what ? 14 . kurt admit it . since you become president , you have get all fancy . nick I be not a fancypant . kurt Dale ? dale ( to Nick ) you be a little fancy . nick fuck you guy . kurt hey , hey . that 's not a very fancy thing to say . ( then ) it 's just that lately you seem to care a lot more about where you drink , what you wear , what kind of car you drive -- dale how many olive I eat . nick look , when you get to my position , people expect certain thing of you . kurt but you be the boss . do not that mean you do not have to care what people think of you anymore ? nick it 's more complicated than that . kurt hey , as long as it 's make you happy . nick yeah . we stay on nick . it 's pretty clear that he be not happy . from the hallway outside the bar , they suddenly hear music blaring over a loudspeaker . it 's '' I gotta feeling '' by the Black eyed pea , accompany by cheering from what sound like a decent-size crowd . 15 . dale what 's go on out there ? they exchange a curious look . int . HOTEL ballroom - moment later Nick , kurt and Dale open the door find a motivational seminar in progress . a audience of around 100 people sit in row of seat as the music boom from a PA . on a riser at the front of the room , a energetic 40 - something man clap along to the song . nick who be that ? dale you do not know who that be ? that 's denny Paul . kurt how do you know he ? dale from he sign . Dale point behind they to a sign feature a headshot of denny paul beneath the title '' you da boss ! '' denny pick up a mic as the music fade out . denny be I the only one who have a feel that tonight be gonna be a good , good night ?! kurt let 's go . Nick and kurt start to go . dale wait . let 's see what denny have to say . denny show of hand . who here have a vision when they be young of where they want they life to go ? most of the crowd raise they hand . denny ( cont 'd ) okay . now how many of you be live that vision ? who here be live they '' vision life '' ? 16 . only a few hand go up . denny '' scan '' the crowd . denny ( cont 'd ) hmm . I do not see any hand . oh wait , here 's one . boom . he put up he own hand and point at it . nope . denny ( cont 'd ) that 's right . this guy with he hand up ? you know who he be ? he 's I . just little old I . live my vision life . wanna know how I do it ? nick kurt do not care . denny ( cont 'd ) I grab the rein of the horse that be my life and I slap that horse 's ass and I make it ride where I want it to ride . not down some shitty path that the horse want to ride . because horse be idiot . dale he 's not wrong . denny here 's the deal , gang : the only people who be truly happy in this crazy world be the one who do not have to answer to anybody . they be they own boss . they control they destiny . angle on Nick and kurt who be actually listen now . denny ( cont 'd ) see , I use to be just like you . a drine . no self-respect . work for the man . then I realize , I be the man . I quit my job , leave my loveless marriage and start my own business ... help other people start they own business . and here 's the kicker , folk . last year , I make in the very high five figure . guess what ? vision life . lovin 's it . denny drop the mic to the floor . the crowd applaud appreciatively . after a moment , denny pick up the mic again . 17 . denny ( cont 'd ) so let 's get into the fifteen step . step one : take a good look at yourself in the mirror , or any reflective surface : a shiny pan , a still puddle -- a HOTEL employee approach the guy . HOTEL employee Excuse I , gentleman , can I see you ticket , please ? Nick , kurt and Dale all shake they head and wander out of the ballroom . int . upscale HOTEL bar - later the guy be back in the bar . dale all I be say be , denny Paul have a point . I think that when I go to work for Dr. slocum I have be happier . but my job still kinda suck . nick I hear you , Dale . I be not exactly live the dream either . kurt seriously ? have you learn nothing ? you want to kill you boss again ? dale what ? no ! I just mean , maybe the problem be not work for we old boss . maybe the problem be work for anyone . kurt I do not work for anyone . nick you kinda do . dale ( to kurt ) Mrs. harken treat you like a slave . kurt you do not have sex with a slave . 18 . nick Thomas jefferson do . dale ( notice ) hey , look . angle on denny Paul drink a whisky at the bar . dale ( cont 'd ) it 's denny paul. ( call to he ) denny ! Mr. Paul ! ( denny look over ) can we buy you a drink ? Nick and kurt grimace . denny shrug , downs he drink , signal the bartender for another one , and amble over to they . he look fairly drunk . kurt what be you do ? dale buying he a drink . nick do not really look like he need one . denny ( a bit slur ) what 's up , guy ? dale we really enjoy you seminar -- kurt we snuck in . nick and we leave after five minute . denny candor alert ! look out . the waiter set down denny 's drink . he downs it in one gulp and gesture for another . kurt ( sotto to Nick ) alcoholic alert . nick look out . 19 . dale I be Dale . this be Nick and kurt . we be just talk about how great it would be to be we own boss . denny if talk be do , a telephone would be a hammer . nick not sure I get that . kurt that 's only because it make no sense . dale how do you do it , denny ? do you follow you own fifteen step ? denny look at they and consider for a beat . denny buy I another drink . Dale signal the waiter . denny ( cont 'd ) ( lean in ) you wanna know a secret ? the fifteen step be bullshit . nick no ! kurt get out of town . denny yeah . I just make ‘em up . people love step . and they love be tell what to do . dale so , what do we do ? tell we ? denny you want to know how I start my business ? he fumble for he wallet , take it out and hand they a business card . nick ( read ) International venture partner ? 20 . denny bingo . venture capital . this guy set I up with enough cash to get '' you Da boss '' off the ground . kurt what 's the catch ? denny no catch . they take a 10 percent ownership stake . they make money when you make money . you just gotta have a good enough idea . nick and '' you Da boss '' be a good enough idea ? denny do you see that crowd tonight ? I be a very charismatic guy . denny notice a woman in a pencil skirt walk past . denny ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . be you a prostitute ? the guy look horrify . woman ( after a beat ) yes . denny ( get up ) all right , guy . good luck with ... whatever we be talk about . he stumble off with the prostitute . kurt and Nick watch he go , incredulous . Dale stare at the business card . dale hmm . a lot to think about . int . harken 's house - later Nick , kurt and Dale enter from the front door . kurt keep you voice down . I do not want to wake she . dale it 's past you curfew , be not it ? they head relieved , 21 . kurt you want to get smack ? dale ( quietly ) no. into the live room . nick ( look around nervously ) do she still have that cat ? kurt no . he run away month ago . nick good . Nick sit on the sofa . as he do , a cat leap onto he shoulder from behind with a yowl and dart away . nick ( cont 'd ) what the hell ?! you say he run away . kurt that 's the new cat . nick what , do she rescue they from a haunt house ? kurt pour drink from a wet bar and they all sit . Dale set he drink on the table . kurt Dale ! use a coaster . that 's bubinga wood . nick ( to kurt ) who be you ? dale ( hold up business card ) I think we should seriously consider this venture capital thing . nick they do not just hand you money , Dale . you need to pitch they a good business idea . kurt like a invention ? 22 . nick could be . kurt I have get a ton of idea for invention . nick ( dubious ) do you ? kurt you know how you dick stick to you ball when it 's hot out ? nick um ... kurt picture this : underwear with compartment that separate you dick from you ball . nick no one 's gonna fund that . kurt when it 's hot out , they will . we will just pitch it on a hot day . dale that 's a stupid idea . ( beat ) it should be a non-stick spray for you ball , like Pam . nick much better . kurt wait , wait , I get one . regular size condom that be package in Magnum condom wrapper . so the girl you be with think you have get a big dick . dale ooh , that just give I a idea . a condom in a spray can . it go on as a liquid , and then it harden into a solid . kurt you be just take my idea and put they in spray can . ( then ) ( more ) 23 . kurt ( cont 'd ) and how be you suppose to remove the rubber after it 's fuse onto you penis ? dale it will come with a antidote spray . some kind of acid . that 's for we lab guy to figure out . nick ( to Dale and kurt ) why do all of you invention have to do with dick and ball ? kurt I do not know . why be all of the wright Brothers 's idea about plane ? dale maybe Nick 's right . maybe we need to focus more on vagina invention . kurt no , the key to a good invention be that it solve some everyday problem . they sit there and think for a minute . dale okay , here 's a everyday problem : shower . you gotta shampoo , condition , lather up , rinse , repeat . it take forever . there 's a beat . kurt so what 's the invention ? dale I do not know . I think we be just talk about problem . nick I think I be gonna go to bed . kurt one sec . dummy may be onto something . it do seem like shower be pretty inefficient . dale right ? I bet the average person lose a day every week just shower . 24 . nick ( be : Dale 's math ) feel wrong . kurt what if there be some kind of a showerhead that you fill with soap , shampoo and conditioner and it mix it with the water ? dale yeah ! you could turn a dial to choose what you want it to spray . like that Miracle - gro thing you attach to a garden hose . kurt right . they turn to Nick for he reaction . nick it 's ... not terrible . but I be sure it already exist . CUT to : int . harken kitchen - moment later the guy stand around a laptop computer . on the screen be Google search for '' showerhead with build - in soap . '' kurt not find it . dale try bed , bath & Beyond . they have get everything . kurt do . kurt nope . dale so , should we call that venture capital guy ? nick it 's 2 in the morning , Dale . and you do not have a prototype or even a name for this thing . dale how about ... the shower buddy ? 25 . kurt that sound like a gay friend who soap up you back in the shower . dale I do not know why you go right to '' gay . '' ( type on laptop ) let 's see what come up under '' shower buddy . '' they all cringe and recoil at what appear on screen . dale ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's pretty gay . but it 's not a product . nick it 's more of a ... position . Rhonda enter in a bathrobe . rhonda what 's go on in here ? kurt hastily slam the laptop shut on Dale 's hand . she shut dale ow ! kurt just hang out with the guy , hon . rhonda do you know what time it be ? some of we have to work in the morning . kurt ( under he breath ) you do not work . rhonda I have get yoga at ten . and I do not appreciate the attitude . it 's time to say goodnight to you friend . kurt but -- he down with a look . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( to Nick and kurt ) you guy better go . 26 . dale what about we shower buddy ? Rhonda look confuse . kurt herd Nick and Dale toward the door . nick forget it , Dale . it 's silly . dale I do not think it 's silly . I think it could be the key to we vision life . nick goodnight , kurt. Rhonda . Nick and Dale exit . Rhonda head for the stair . rhonda let 's go . upstair . my pussy 's not go to eat itself . kurt sigh , then slump out after she . music cue : '' modern man '' by arcade Fire ext . comnidyne parking lot - next day Nick walk to he boxster and stop abruptly when he see a bumper sticker have be stick to he rear bumper that read : '' my other car be a porsche '' Nick try to peel it off , but only part of the top layer come off . piss , he look around and notice he fellow president watch from a window and laugh they ass off at he . int . supermarket - day kurt stand at the checkout counter as a cute female cashier ring up he purchase . he give she a flirty smile which she return ... until she see what he 's buy : secret deodorant , oil of olay , and a enormous value pack of tampon . he hand she a credit card . insert the card : it belong to Rhonda harken and have she photo on it . the cashier look at he dubiously . kurt shrug sheepishly . 27 . int . dr . slocum 's exam room - day Dale sit on he stool make detailed , yet crudely draw , sketches on a steno pad of the propose '' shower buddy '' device . he smile , pleased , then look up to see Dr. slocum have fall asleep and the dental chair be empty . he look around frantically and gasp when he spot the patient , a five year - old girl , who have climb halfway out the window . Dale hurry over to rescue she . ext . office build - later Dale 's car pull up to a sleek , modern building . int . dale' car —- continuous Dale wear a slightly tatter business suit . he take out of he pocket the International venture partner card that denny Paul give they and double check the address . int . mr. nagopian 's office - later Dale sit on a couch in a well - appoint office and finish he pitch to someone offscreen . beside he stand a easel with he shower buddy sketch tack to it . dale the shower buddy eliminate the endless cycle of wash and rinsing and wash and rinsing . it 's not just a time saver . it 's a life saver . my team be ready to move on this with or without you help . but the only way we can do that be with you help . reverse on alex nagopian , 40' , well dress , confident and slightly intimidating ( think liam neeson ) . beside he sit joyce , 30' , a attractive colleague . nagopian consider Dale 's pitch for a beat . mr . nagopian you be a funny little man , Dale . dale go on . mr . nagopian as far as you idea , this '' shower buddy '' ? ( beat ) I love it . 28 . dale seriously ?! mr . nagopian yes . it 's smart , it fill a niche . what do you think , Joyce ? joyce sound like the kind of product we like to fund . mr . nagopian of course , we due diligence people will have to make sure no one else have do it . dale well , we google it and do not find anything . mr . nagopian I see . and why be not you partner here with you ? dale they be very busy man . we all be . very busy . men. mr . nagopian but you have power of attorney to sign on they behalf ? Dale stare at he for a beat . dale ... yes . ( then ) do this mean we be in business ? mr . nagopian that depend . how much do you need to get the shower buddy off the ground ? dale do you have a piece of paper ? mr . nagopian why ? dale so I can write down the amount and slide it across the table to you . nagopian look mildly annoyed . he nod to Joyce , who tear a piece of paper off a pad and hand it to dale. 29 . dale ( cont 'd ) great . thanks . I have always want to do this . Dale scribbles on the paper and slide it across the coffee table . nagopian look at it . mr . nagopian I can not read this . be this a '' 2 " ? joyce ( lean in ) look like a '' G . '' dale no , that 's a '' 9 . '' mr . nagopian then I do not understand this number . you have two commas next to each other . dale no , no , that 's not a comma . that 's also a nine -- you know what ? let I write it again -- mr . nagopian why do not you just say the number ? dale ( tentatively ) nine hundred ninety - nine thousand , nine-hundred , ninety nine dollar ? mr . nagopian why not a even million ? dale it sound like less ? mr . nagopian this be not the Radio shack . a million be fine . dale ( floor ) fuck I . ( then , cover ) wonderful . mr . nagopian Joyce here will bring you to we legal department to sign the necessary paperwork . nagopian stand and shake Dale 's hand . 30 . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) congratulation , Dale . we look forward to a long and profitable relationship with you and you shower buddy . ( beat ) that name ? be it a little gay ? dale nope . mr . nagopian Fair enough . int . office - short time later Dale sit at a desk in another room as Joyce place a large stack of document in front of he . joyce all you have to do be sign on the last page for you and you partner . dale not so fast . if there 's one thing I know about business : you never sign anything without read it carefully . joyce take you time . she sit down as Dale begin to read the first page . smash CUT to : int . office - two minute later two page into the stack , Dale be bore out of he mind and fight to stay awake . dale okay , this all look good . he flip to the last page and in a insert we see he sign first he own name , then forge the signature of '' Nick hendrick '' and '' kurt buckman . '' ext . burger joint - day Nick , dress for work , join Dale , still in he suit , and kurt at a outdoor table . 31 . nick I have fifteen minute , Dale . I never do lunch outside the office . what 's go on ? kurt he would not tell I anything till you get here . dale this be not something I could tell you over the phone . nick why be you wear you church clothes ? kurt and Nick exchange a grave look . kurt be it you unborn baby ? nick oh , Dale . I be so sorry . how 's stacy do ? dale she 's fine ! the baby be fine ! Jesus . kurt well , why do you scare we like that ? dale I do not scare anybody ! you be scare I . nick so you drag we out here to tell we you baby be fine ? dale no ! this have nothing to do with my baby ! you be ruin this ! kurt ruining what ? dale this ! he pull a check from he jacket pocket and gingerly hold it up for they to see . insert check in the amount of one million dollar make out to Nick hendrick , kurt buckman and Dale arbus . 32 . nick what -- what be we look at here , Dale ? kurt be that one of that publisher clearinghouse check ? dale no . it 's a real check . from the venture capital place denny Paul use . I pitch they the shower buddy and they love it ! kurt they love the shower buddy ? dale they say it fill a niche . nick let I see that . he grab the check and examine it . kurt why would you do this without tell we ? dale because I know you do not believe in the buddy like I do . Nick get up . nick come on . dale where be you go ? Nick point across the street at a bank . nick I be gonna see if this thing be real . Dale scurries after he . kurt grab he burger and follow . int . bank —- minute later Nick , kurt and Dale huddle around the window of a bank teller who type the check information into she computer . after a beat , 33 . bank teller would you like this deposit to separate or joint account ? nick so it 's real ? bank teller um , yes it be . kurt fuck I . dale told you ! nick ( to teller ) can I have that back , please ? Nick take the check and the three move away . nick ( cont 'd ) ( to Dale ) you need to return this . dale what ?! kurt whoa , whoa . hang on . nick no one hand you a million dollar without there be a catch . this be too good to be true . kurt what if it 's too good to be not true ? should not we at least consider it ? nick ( check watch ) I be go to be late for work . he turn to go but kurt stop he . kurt so what ? so you be late for work . you be late for be miserable . nick I be sorry ? 34 . kurt you hate work at that place . you have always hate it . why keep do something that make you unhappy ? dale yeah , Nick . this could be a whole new start . nick if I quit , the ten year of hard work I put in at comndiyne will have be for nothing . kurt it be always for nothing . what do you think be go to happen ? on you death bed , Mr. comnidyne 's gonna come in , thank you for give up you entire life and escort you to corporate heaven ? nick there be no Mr. comnidyne . kurt no shit . people who work at that place do it because they be too afraid to do something better . dale touché . nick this come from the guy who life with a woman who treat he like a sex butler . dale touché. nick kurt ( to Dale ) ( to Dale ) stop it . shut up . kurt ( to Nick ) you know what ? you be right . I be gonna leave Rhonda . Dale and I have a business to start . dale that 's what 's up ! he high - fives kurt. 35 . kurt come on , Nick . ( hold up the million dollar check ) life do not give you a lot of opportunity like this . but do what you gotta do . off Nick 's ambivalence , int . comnidyne conference room - later have return to work , Nick join he colleague for another board meeting . peter hey , where 's Arthur ? jeanine you do not hear ? he have another heart attack this morning . peter be he okay ? glen it 's he third . I be sure he 's use to they by now . they chuckle . peter should we send he something ? jeanine what do you get the guy who have everything ... wrong with he heart . everyone but Nick laugh again . glen let 's get he something small and cheap . peter how about Nick 's boxster ? they laugh . nick I quit . they all look at he for a beat . be he joke ? jeanine what ? 36 . nick yeah . I can not do this anymore . he start to gather he thing in he briefcase . nick ( cont 'd ) with all due respect , guy , I just do not respect any of you . and I really do not want to turn into you . he suddenly stop load he case . nick ( cont 'd ) what be I do ? I do not need any of this . I have get my shower buddy now . see ya . he dump the file out , shut he case and exit . there 's a stunne silence , then glen '' shower buddy '' ? jeanine do he just come out of the closet ? peter that explain the boxster . int . dr . slocum 's office - same time Dale sit across a desk from Dr. slocum . dale ... it 's nothing personal . you be a very nice man and I appreciate you hire I , but it 's time for I to take another direction with my career . now , I realize you be fast asleep ... reverse angle to reveal slocum be , in fact , fast asleep at he desk . dale ( cont 'd ) .-- but I want to tell you in person anyway . so ... ( get up ) -+- guess I be just gonna ... go . he quietly open the door to the office , but it stop halfway , bang into something in the hall . sfx : baby crying Dale reach down and pick up another unhappy baby . 37 . dale ( cont 'd ) ( call out to the wait room ) what do I say about leave baby on the floor ?! ext . backyard pool - same time Rhonda , nikki and heidi lounge by the pool . rhonda so I have to fire monica . nikki I think you like she . rhonda I do . but I see '' the help '' and it just feel racist to have a black clean lady . from inside we hear the sound of something be drag across the floor . rhonda ( cont 'd ) do you know any white clean lady ? heidi wait , you be fire you black clean lady and replace she with a white one because you do not want to feel racist ? rhonda ( matter of fact ) uh huh . the drag sound get louder and the woman look up to see the bubinga wood coffee table emerge from the house , be shove outside by kurt . rhonda ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? kurt , what be you do ? kurt ( grunt from effort ) I think of a great spot for this bubinga wood table . he give the table a final push right into the pool . the water splashes Rhonda and she friend who gasp in disbelief . rhonda be you insane ?! 38 . kurt that 's right . I be sorry . I forget the coaster . he take a coaster from he pocket and toss it into the pool . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( nodd to nikki and heidi ) lady . and with that , kurt turn , smile and go . music cue : '' move on up '' by curtis mayfield starting the business montage int . warehouse - day Nick , kurt and Dale stand with a realtor in the large , empty space . look pleased , Nick and kurt shake the realtor 's hand . Dale go in for a hug . the realtor look uncomfortable . we go into a time lapse sequence as the warehouse be transformed into a production / office space with manufacturing equipment . ext . warehouse - day the guy watch as a worker on a cherrypicker install a sign that read nickurdale industries -- Home of the '' shower buddy " ! Nick and kurt shake hand . Dale go in for a hug . int . consumer product testing lab - day the three guy stand with a lab tech observe a male test subject in a bathing suit try out prototype of the shower buddy in a glass shower stall . quick series of pop as the prototype malfunction : -- the pressure build up in the shower head and burst in the subject 's face . -- the subject , now a bit more nervous , turn on the water and nothing but soap ooze from the shower head . -- the shower head spray the perfect combination of water and soap . we guy look pleased until the shower head inexplicably stop spraying . the subject cautiously inspect the device and suddenly the shower head burst in he face again . 39 . -- we guy follow the bruise and piss off subject to he car , apologize profusely . they manage to convince he to go back into the building . -- fearing for he life , the same subject gingerly turn on the shower which have a new model shower buddy install . this time it actually work as it should . Nick and kurt high - five . in the test chamber we see Dale yank open the shower stall and hug the subject . int . nickurdale office - day the guy shake hand and say goodbye to a sexy young woman they have just finish interview . she hand over she resumé and go . Nick and Dale shake they head , unimpress . kurt , on the other hand , give they a enthusiastic thumb up . int . nickurdale office - day the guy shake hand and say goodbye to a average - look middle aged woman they have just finish interview . Nick and Dale nod approvingly . kurt give they a thumb down and tear up she resumé . int . nickurdale office - day the guy shake hand and say goodbye to a extremely handsome man they have just finish interview . the guy all look at each other self - consciously . no one be sure how to react . int . warehouse - day the guy stand at the end of a production line manned by about a dozen worker as the very first consumer - ready shower buddy roll off the line . Nick , kurt and Dale proudly hold the device up as a photograph be take . freeze on the image . pull back to see the picture be on the cover of '' fortune '' Magazine . then pull back further to see the cover be on Dale 's laptop screen . Dale be show Nick and kurt what he photoshop . he give they a look : '' would not that be cool ? '' they shake they head at he . ext . golf course - day the guy smoke cigar as they cruise down the fairway in a golf cart , enjoy a mid-week outing . in quick pop we see Nick , kurt and Dale each tee off . 40 . then three more quick pop as each try to recover they ball , still smoking they cigar : Nick use he club to try and knock he ball down from a tree where it 's wedge . Nick and Dale hold onto kurt 's belt as he lean over a pond search for he ball . Dale knock on the door of a house . a piss off guy open the door and hand he he golf ball . widen to reveal a golf ball - size hole in one window of the house . Dale smile sheepishly , take the ball and hurry away . int . kurt 's loft - day kurt show Nick and Dale around he new apartment . move box be scattered around , but it 's a cool pad . a dog follow they around . just then , the sexy Young woman they interview come out of the bedroom in one of kurt 's shirt . Nick and Dale give kurt a disapprove look . ext . dale 's house - day cover stacy 's eye , Dale lead she outside to surprise she with a brand new minivan wrap in a bow in the driveway . he press a button on the remote and the side door open , revealing two car seat install in the back seat and one in the front passenger seat . stacy kiss he ... then point to the car seat in the front and shake she head . ext . sailboat - day close on we three guy toast themselves with glass of champagne on the deck of a rent 40 - foot sailboat . wind in they hair , white linen pants , etc . suddenly , they be violently jolted to the side . pull back to show they boat be in the harbor and have drifted sideways into another dock sailboat . they sail be in disarray -- clearly none of they know the first thing about sailing . panicked , Dale begin winch a line which only tear the mainsail down the middle . kurt and Nick step onto the dock and head off , leave Dale to deal with the mess . end of montage int . nickurdale conference room - morning the guy sit with greg and nancy , the handsome guy and middle - age woman they interview earlier . 41 . nick Nancy , how we do on we production quota ? nancy solid . we have get five thousand unit in inventory . nick good . greg , how be thing on the marketing front ? greg I be talk to my contact at qvc , hsn and amazon . there 's a lot of interest . nick Nice . Dale , can I get a refill ? Nick hold up he empty coffee mug . dale you bet ! Dale cross to a coffee pot and refill Nick 's cup . nick kurt , how be sale ? kurt well , we have not sell a single unit yet , so sale be ... non -existent . but here 's the thing : it take time to build awareness . the only thing stand between we and a multi - million dollar success story be one giant distributor . like , say , skymall . kurt slap a skymall catalogue down on the table . kurt ( cont 'd ) maybe you have hear of it . reaches six hundred fifty million airline passenger a year . nick yeah ? so ? do you call they or something ? kurt nope . they call we . they be interested in the shower buddy and want to meet with we later today about put it in they fall catalogue . 42. dale booyah ! nick that 's great news . kurt it 's better than great . skymall make household name out of the marshmallow shooter , the Old time popcorn cart , the Pet ramp . they put the '' world 's large wall map '' on the map ! dale stacy and I get one of that Pet ramp for darvis when he could not jump onto the bed anymore . kurt that dog reek of shit . you let he in you bed ? dale of course . we love darvis . kurt if you love he , why do not you give he a bath once in a while ? dale dog do not need bath . they be self -clean . kurt that 's cat . dale ugh . I hate the smell of cat . angle on greg and Nancy , who exchange a look that say , '' who the hell be we work for ? '' nick ( to greg and Nancy ) sorry . ( then ) if the skymall people be come , we have get to get ready for that pitch . I x11 work up a presentation . kurt , why do not you set up the demo in here ? Dale , we be gonna need a lot more coffee . dale I be on it . 43. we follow Nick as he head out into int . nickurdale office - continuous Nick cross a second floor walkway that overlook the modest assembly line below . he pass a underling . nick hey , Tim . do you get that shipment in yet ? tim yep . a bunch of pen and stress reliever ball with the company name on it . nick perfect . keep up the good work . Nick head into a office with a sign on the door that read : '' nick hendrick , CO -ceo '' int . nick's office - continuous Nick cross to he desk , but before he get there he 's startle by a voice . man' voice ( 0.s. ) Nice suit . Nick whirl around to see Mr. nagopian sit on the sofa . off to the side stand a large man in a suit . mr . nagopian you be much better dress than you '' co -ceo '' Dale . nick thank you . and you be ...? mr . nagopian Alex nagopian . International venture partner . he stand and shake Nick 's hand . nick oh. right . it 's nice to finally meet you . Nick nod at the big guy in the corner . mr . nagopian this be my associate , ghoukas . 44 , nick hi ... ghoukas . ( then , to nagopian ) thank you for believe in what we be do here . mr . nagopian believe be my business . and how be business ? nick so far , so good . we have get a big pitch line up . could be great for - mr . nagopian good , good . well , we be not here to get in the way . we just come by to remind you that you repayment be due tomorrow . nick re-what , now ? mr . nagopian you repayment . do not Dale explain to you the term of we loan ? nick loan ? you make a capital investment . do not you take a ten percent stake in the company ? mr . nagopian why would I want ten percent of '' the shower friend ? '' nick shower buddy . mr . nagopian friend , buddy . it 's a stupid idea . nick then why do you invest in it ? mr . nagopian I do not . I simply loan you and you friend a million dollar for a month . and tomorrow , you owe I two million dollar . nick I think there 's be a misunderstanding -- ( push he intercom ) ( more ) 45 . nick ( cont 'd ) Jennifer , can you get Dale and kurt in here , please ? mr . nagopian it 's all in the paperwork Dale sign on you behalf . nick so what be this ? some kind of scam ? mr . nagopian a scam ? no one force you to borrow a million dollar from we . nick there 's no way we can make a payment like that by tomorrow . the money you give we be all invest in the company . mr . nagopian in that case , I would not be surprised if something unpleasant happen to you and you friend . nick be you threaten we ? mr . nagopian of course not . I have just notice that the people who fail to repay I tend to have accident . and strangely , ghoukas be often the one who find they . nick that 's a threat ! mr . nagopian it 's not . have some sympathy for poor ghoukas . he 's the one who 's always find this horribly disfigure body . ghoukas I kill they . mr . nagopian ghoukas ! we be do a conceit . ghoukas shrug . 46 . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) all I be say be , if you fail to repay I by tomorrow , something terrible may or may not happen to you and you friend . ghoukas I will kill you . mr . nagopian ghoukas ! nick all right , you know what ? this be the stupidest shakedown ever . if we die , how be we go to pay you back ? mr . nagopian from the life insurance policy Dale sign . nick he do not say anything about life insurance policy . mr . nagopian that 's probably because he do not read they . nick fuuuuck . mr . nagopian do not worry , Nick . one way or the other , I will get my money . he pat Nick on the cheek and start to exit . ghoukas head out right on he heel . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) ghoukas , please . you do not have to walk that close . ghoukas stop walk . nagopian exit . ghoukas stand there , unsure what to do . mr . nagopian ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) now you be too far ! ghoukas head out . Nick slump in he chair and distractedly grab a nickurdale stress reliever ball . he squeeze the hell out of it for a beat . Dale and kurt enter . 47 . dale hey , be that Mr. nagopian I see leave ? why would not he say hi ? that 's weird -- in the blink of a eye , Nick grab Dale and slap he across the face . dale ( cont 'd ) ow ! nick you fuck idiot ! kurt step between they . kurt hey , hey . what 's all this ? Nick reach past kurt and smack Dale again . dale ow ! nick you kill we ! we be all dead thanks to you ! dale what do I do ?! kurt what do he do ? nick nagopian ? that '' venture capital '' guy he get we money from ? he 's nothing but a loanshark ! Dale sign papers say that tomorrow we owe he two million buck back up with life insurance policy . if we do not pay , we die . kurt turn to Dale and look at he for a moment . then he also smack he across the face . dale ow ! Nick slap Dale again . dale ( cont 'd ) stop it ! how be I suppose to know ? there be so much to read ! kurt you goddamn moron . 48 . nick I know I should not have listen to you guy . I give up my career for this . kurt you be worried about you career ? what about we life ? do this nagopian actually threaten you ? nick basically . ghoukas definitely do . kurt what 's a ghoukas ? dale we should go to the cop . nick and tell they what ? that nagopian hand we perfectly legal loan document which you forge we signature on ? all that do be send you to prison . dale it do ? kurt I be fine with that . dale hang on . nick I be fine with it , too . but as far as nagopian 's concerned , we still steal a million dollar from he . you do not think ghoukas be go to kill we ? dale what 's a ghoukas ? nick ( to kurt ) if we liquidate everything right now , how much cash would we have ? kurt about three hundred grand . nick that mean we have three day to come up with 1.7 million dollar . 49 . kurt so , basically , we be riding a cat without a candle . nick what ? what be that ? kurt it 's a say . it mean we be fuck . dale I think I have hear that . nick no , you have not . kurt it 's a common expression . it 's from the olden day . nick it 's from the no day . why would you ride a cat ? and why would a candle help ? kurt I do not know . I do not come up with it . nick I think you do . dale guy , please . the longer we fight , the more we be riding a cat without a candle ! Nick 's assistant , jennifer , pop she head in . she go . jennifer guy ? the skymall people say they be on they way . kurt shit , that 's right ! nick hang on . this could be a good thing . if we sell this guy on the buddy , we could get enough up - front money to pay off nagopian . 50 . dale so , we have just gotta nail this pitch . kurt or we die . no pressure . the guy exchange tense look . smash CUT to : int . nickurdale conference room - later Nick , kurt and Dale be mid-pitch . they look frazzled and sweaty as they stand across from two seat skymall rep , dan and claire , 40' . behind the guy be a large schematic draw on a easel along with a portable shower stall with a shower buddy attach . dale ( rapid-fire , manic ) ... there 's a reason everybody hate shower because it take so long and the average person waste one week every month take shower -- nick well , maybe not a week -- dale it 's all the soap up and the rinsing off and the shampooing and the rinsing off and the conditioning and the rinsing off -- kurt nick what Dale be try to say Dale mean that we waste a be , the shower buddy lot of time shower and the eliminate the waste time shower buddy help to and streamline you shower streamline that process . process . claire sound great . how do it work ? dale that 's a excellent question , Claire . kurt great question . nick really good . 51 . there 's a awkward silence . claire .--- so , how do it work ? nick right -- ( to kurt ) you wanna get she in here ? kurt hurry out . nick ( cont 'd ) we think the best way to show you how the shower buddy work be to show ... you ... how the shower buddy work . Dale cross to the shower stall and begin fiddling with a portable water pump attach to a tank . kurt usher in a 20 - something model , brooke , in a bathrobe . kurt ( to brooke ) hurry , hurry . ( to Dan and Claire ) this be brooke . she 's gonna demonstrate the shower buddy for you by take a shower . brooke ? brooke drop she robe . she 's in a bikini . kurt ( cont 'd ) sorry , Dan . I know you be hope she be naked under there . ( to Claire ) do not tell he wife . claire I be he wife . kurt ( cover ) I know . husband and wife . work together . you be like Lucy and desi . only at skymall . Nice . dale ( to himself ) this fuck pump ... brooke step into the stall . nick how we doin’ , Dale ? 52 . dale I think there 's something wrong with the motor on this pump . but I can do it by hand . no biggie . kurt ( nudging Claire and Dan ) we next invention 's gonna be a better water pump . right , husband and wife ? Dale kneel beside the stall and begin rhythmically jerk the water pump . dale might take a second here to get the flow go ... brooke stand awkwardly in the dry shower . nick ( to Claire and Dan ) should not be long . dale ( pump away ) get close . almost there . there 's a uncomfortable beat as they all watch Dale . there 's no get around how much it look like he 's jerk off on he knee beside a woman in a shower . dale ( cont 'd ) Close you eye , brooke . here it come ! just then , a gob of liquid soap dribble out of the shower buddy , landing on brooke 's face . dale ( cont 'd ) yes ! the model do she best to work with the limited amount of water dribble on she . she spread the soap on she chest . kurt ( whisper to Nick ) kinda look like -- nick ( sotto ) I know . ( then ) Dale , can we get any more water pressure here ? 53 . dale ( wind ) I be pump as hard as I can ! kurt all right , let I help . kurt join Dale and the two of they begin work the pump together . nick ( to Dan and Claire ) okay , well , obviously , this be not the best demonstration . with normal water pressure , there 's a steady stream of soap deliver -- brooke ow ! it get in my eye ! nick twist the nozzle to '' rinse . '' brooke I can not see . she fumble with the showerhead . nick all right , let I help you . Nick reach into the stall and try to adjust the showerhead . nick ( cont 'd ) ugh , it get in my mouth . creamy soap run down he and brooke 's arm , as Dale and kurt , on they knee and drip with flop sweat , continue to pump away . angle on dan and claire who look appal . dale ( 0.s . ) not so hard , kurt , you be hurt I ! ext . nickurdale warehouse - short time later drenched and dishevel from the demonstration , the guy wave goodbye as Dan and Claire 's car drive away . kurt Goodbye ! there 's a they give 54 . nick take care now ! beat . dale so , when do you think we will find out ? he a wither look . kurt that be awful . it feel like we be fuck each other for crack . nick I be cover in soap , but I feel so dirty . ( then ) that goddamn shower buddy . dale do not blame the buddy . the buddy work . it just need to be ina real shower . nick well , that be we only shot . kurt ( to Dale ) you know , none of this would have happen if you have not buy that dipshit denny Paul a drink . dale oh yeah . how come denny do not get kill ? he borrow from nagopian too . nick and why would he refer we to he if he know he be a loan shark ? kurt let 's call that fucker and find out . int . kurt 's office - minute later the guy sit around kurt 's desk . denny Paul be on the speaker phone . denny ( 0.s. ) how do you find I ? nick you be in the phone book . 55 . intercut with : int . denny paul 's house —- continuous denny wear no pants . just a long '' you Da boss '' T-shirt . he look haggard . denny shit ! Fucking phone book . ( then ) under what name ? nick you name . denny fuck ! I do not think you would find I . dale you be also on Facebook . denny Fucking Facebook ! I think I be off the grid . kurt you want to tell we why you hook we up with a loan shark ?! denny be this a secure line ? the guy look at each other . huh ? nick I do not know . what 's the difference ? denny they could be listen . nick who ? denny I can not say unless it 's a secure line . nick okay , it 's a secure line . 56 . denny all right . look , nagopian be a loan shark -- kurt we know that ! denny I have barely be make my payment . every dime I earn go straight to he . I think if I bring he some fresh meat he would cut I some slack . dale Fresh meat ? denny I be sorry I drag you into this . but hey , maybe if we work together , we can fix it . nick what do you mean ? denny neither of we alone have enough evidence against this guy , but if we combine what we know , I bet we can figure out a way to turn the table on nagopian . kurt how ? denny leave that to I . come on over to my place . the address be -- nick we have it . it 's on you Facebook page . denny fuck ! ext . STREET - later kurt pull he car up to a suburban house . Nick be in the passenger seat , Dale in back . nick here it be . they exit the car . kurt notice Dale be carry a grocery bag . 57 . kurt what be that ? dale I bring humus in case we get hungry . kurt just humus ? no chip ? dale I figure he have have chip . kurt what if he do not ? what be we gonna eat it with ? dale celery ? spoon ? I do not know . I do not have to bring anything . across the street , denny step out he front door and wave to they as they approach . denny hey . you find the pl -- boom ! ! a enormous explosion tear through the house , engulf denny in a fireball and ripping he to shred ! the window of kurt 's car shatter . car alarm go off . Nick , kurt and Dale scream and drop to the ground as debris rain down around they . they hold they ear which be ringing from the blast . nick what the fuck ?!! kurt Jesus ! dale he blow up ! denny blow up ! nick be you guy okay ?! dale what ?! I can not hear you ! nick what ?! kurt what do you say ?! 58 . dale I can not hear ! nick what ?! as neighbor begin to come outside to see what happen , Nick and kurt suddenly notice something on Dale . they look horrify . kurt Dale , you shoulder ! a fleshy mound of some sort have land on Dale 's shoulder . dale ( still deaf ) huh ? nick what be that ? kurt I be not sure . be that denny 's chin ? nick look more like a elbow . dale what be you guy say ?! kurt ( peer closer ) oh god . I think it 's he ball sack . nick no ! can not be . Dale look at he shoulder and react . dale agh ! what be that ?! get it off ! he frantically wiggle he shoulder , try to knock off the unidentified body part . CUT to : ext . denny paul be house - later Fire truck and police car surround the now smolder remain of the house . 59 . Nick , kurt and Dale , wrap in blanket , be be treat for cut and scratch at a ambulance . detective hagan approach . hagan Excuse I , gentleman . I wonder if I can get a -- ( recognize they ) aw , shit . not you clown again . nick detective . we know who do this . hagan what do you mean , you know who do this ? Fire department say it be a accidental gas leak . kurt it be no accident . hagan be that right ? how come every time someone die in front of they house , you asshole be not far away ? nick just hear we out . we be come to meet with the victim because we be all scamm by the same loan shark . dale we get venture capital from he and now he want it all back or he 's gonna kill we . hagan what the hell do you need venture capital for ? dale for we shower buddy . kurt ( off hagan 's confusion ) it 's a adjustable showerhead that dispense soap , shampoo and conditioner with the water . hagan you three come up with this ? ( they nod ) that 's not a bad idea . 60 . dale thank you . nickurdale be very proud of it . hagan ( shocked ) who 's proud of it ? dale nickurdale . hagan nigger Dale ?! nick / kurt / dale no !/ oh no !/ no , no ! nick it 's Nick , kurt and Dale combine . nickurdale . it 's we company name . hagan yeah , you need to change that company name . kurt we be not go to have a company , or we life , if you do not help we take down nagopian . hagan nagopian ? kurt yeah . Alex nagopian . he 's the guy we borrow money from . hagan get outta here . nick what ? you know he ? hagan we have be watch he for year . the fed think he 's the head of armenian power . dale what 's armenian power ? hagan it 's the armenian mob . nick that 's great . that 's perfect . we borrow money from a mob boss . 61 . kurt ( to hagan ) hang on . if you know he 's a criminal , why do not you arrest he ? hagan nagopian 's smart . he keep himself insulate from the shit he gang do . and as far as we can tell , this here be just a accident . nick and what happen on Monday when the three of we also die in accident ? hagan well , then I will have a case . dale will you at least come with we to nagopian 's office where I meet with he ? I bet there 's a ton of evidence there . hagan look at he watch and sigh . hagan I be go to watch '' american horror Story '' with my wife . ( beat ) shit. come on . ext . office build - short time later kurt 's windowless car pull up to the venture partner International building follow by hagan 's unmark car . he and the guy get out . int . elevator - moment later hagan and the guy ride in the elevator . there 's a awkward silence . then , dale ( to hagan ) how have you be ? hagan just give he a contemptuous look . the door open and they all step out into 62 . int . office - continuous what be venture partner International be now the west coast corporate headquarters of quiznos Sandwiches . dale wait a minute . what floor be this ? nick five . dale this be not here . this be nagopian 's office ! kurt be you sure we be in the right building ? dale yes ! I pitch nagopian right here ! Dale point to the room we see earlier , but it 's now occupy by a middle - age executive , tim , at a desk . tim hi , you must be my five o'clock . dale you be not nagopian . tim no ... be you my five o'clock ? hagan ( to the guy ) you be tell I you drag I clear across town to visit some goddamn sandwich company ? tim we also have salad and flatbread . hagan this be some bullshit . dale ( to Tim ) how long have you be in this office ? tim since the building open last week . we be the first tenant . ( then , realize ) ( more ) 63 . tim ( cont 'd ) you be not my five o'clock , be you ? hagan shake he head and go to leave . the guy hurry after he . kurt wait . you can not just leave . hagan watch I . ext . office build - moment later it 's dark now and it 's begin to drizzle as hagan cross to he car with the guy on he heel . nick detective , if you go , we be as good as dead . hagan since I have know you three , nothing you have tell I have be true . why would I listen to you now ? dale can not you at least give we some police protection ? hagan Protection from what ? you own foolishness ? hagan climb into he car . kurt so you be just go to drive away and leave we riding a cat without a candle ?! hagan the hell you say ? kurt it 's a expression . hagan no it be not . hagan slam the door and drive off . nick I do not understand . if quiznos be the first tenant , how be nagopian 's office there ? 64 . dale I know how . quiznos be in on this . I do not see a single sandwich up there . and who put a quiznos on the fifth floor of a office building --? kurt put a hand over Dale 's mouth and keep it there . kurt ( to Nick ) what do we do now ? nick let 's figure it out in the car . there 's no point stand out here in the rain . smash CUT to : int . kurt 's car - minute later kurt drive . Nick be up front and Dale in the back . without the benefit of a windshield or a sunroof , wind - driven rain soak the guy as they drive . kurt shield he eye with he hand so he can see . they yell over the wind . kurt glad we get out of the rain ! the windshield wiper flop ridiculously across the dashboard . nick maybe we should all stay together tonight ! might be safer ! dale good idea ! but not my place ! I do not want my pregnant wife to get blow up ! nick kurt , you apartment be probably the most secure ! kurt okay , we can -- just then , a wet plastic bag fly through the open windshield and stick to kurt 's face . the car veer wildly as he try to pull the bag off . Nick and Dale scream . 65 . int . parking garage - later still damp , the guy exit the car and head for the stair . kurt absentmindedly lock he windowless car . beep . nick it 's good that you lock it . they head for the stair to kurt 's loft . dale we have get to establish a secure perimeter at you place . booby trap , a early warning system ... I be go to need twine , small bell , thumb tack , mousetrap -- kurt calm down , macaulay culkin . I have get a alarm system . dale I guess that 's 1l work . int . kurt 's loft - moment later the door to kurt 's loft open and the guy enter . dale so what exactly will we do if they show up ? nick we will figure that out . the main thing be that we be ready for they if they do come . kurt flip on the light and they all gasp as they see nagopian 's thug , ghoukas , sit on the sofa , point a gun at they . another armed thug appear behind they in the hall . dale oh god . nick ( to kurt ) I think you say you have a alarm . kurt I never turn it on . ghoukas let 's go . ghoukas and the other thug usher they back out . 66 . kurt can I at least feed my dog first ? ghoukas you dog do not need to be feed anymore . kurt ( horrify ) you kill my dog ?! ghoukas I feed he . kurt oh. ( beat ) thanks . ext . construction site - night a suv pull up to a construction trailer which be set up beside a unfinish 10 - story office building . ghoukas and the other thug open the door and escort the guy toward the trailer . kurt notice a sign read '' nagopian construction . '' kurt ( to the guy ) he 's also get a construction company ? nick that 's probably how he set up in that other building before it open . dale wow . construction , venture capital , mob boss . he 's a real Renaissance man . int . nagopian 's construction trailer - moment later Nick , kurt and Dale stand across from nagopian who sit at a metal desk cover in blueprint . ghoukas and the other thug hover nearby . mr . nagopian so you do not have my money ? nick it 's just not possible to double a million dollar loan in one month . 67 . mr . nagopian not normally , no . kurt come on , man . there have to be a more reasonable payment plan option . mr . nagopian of course there be . it 's call '' the ghoukas kill you '' plan . ghoukas snicker . Jesus . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) here 's what I be think ... ( to kurt and Nick ) on you way home , you two will die in a terrible car accident . you body will be so badly burn , it will be impossible for forensics to know that you be already dead before the car crash . kurt nick so specific . dale ( nervously ) what about I ? mr . nagopian you ? ( consider , then ) auto-erotic asphyxiation . dale wha ? mr . nagopian the police will find you hang from a belt with you cock in you hand . dale aw , man ! can not I just be in the car with they ? mr . nagopian no . dale well , be not there another way I can die ? 68 . mr . nagopian fine. ( beat ) the police will find you with you head in the oven . dale that 's better . mr . nagopian .»+- and you cock in you hand . dale c'mon ! kurt wait . you do not want to kill we . Dale 's wife be pregnant with triplet . dale that 's right . kurt what if he be to give you two of he baby ? dale yeah . wait , what ? nick ( to kurt ) what be you do ? kurt ( to nagopian ) Dale keep one . you get two . you sell they on the black market . come on . two healthy white baby ? that 's get to be worth a million right there . mr . nagopian it 's worth sixty thousand . nick creepy that you know that . dale I be not sell my baby anyway . kurt you have get three ! do not be selfish . ( then , to nagopian ) what if Dale suck you dick ? 69 . dale no ! kurt selfish ! mr . nagopian ghoukas . drank 's herru . ghoukas take out he gun and gesture they toward the door . the guy exchange a dire look . nick wait . please . there have to be another way . be not there anything we can do for you ? anything at all ? kurt Dale will do anything . nagopian 's thug snort and chime in . thug nrank ' karogh yen goghanal arrak'man . mr . nagopian ( laugh ) vor urakh kliner . kurt what be that ? what 's he say ? mr . nagopian ( to ghoukas ) spasel . ghoukas stop the guy . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) there be one thing . nick okay , great . what be it ? mr . nagopian today I sell a truck to arana pandilla . dale who 's he ? mr . nagopian it 's not a '' he . '' it 's a dominican street gang . and they be asshole . ( more ) 70 . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) they be keep the truck at a strip club they own . if you can steal it from they and bring it back to I tonight , I 'il consider you debt pay . kurt why would you steal back something you just sell ? mr . nagopian because that way I get they money and my truck back . dale this truck must mean a lot to you . have it be in you family a long time ? mr . nagopian what ? no . I do not give a shit about the truck . I want what 's in the truck ! nick what 's in the truck ? mr . nagopian none of you fuck business . just get it back by sun-up . and if you try to run -- ghoukas something terrible may or may not happen to you and you family . mr . nagopian no , ghoukas ! we be past the conceit now . ghoukas oh. ( to the guy ) I ' 1l kill you and you family . ext . urban neighborhood - night the suv drive by ghoukas head off , leave Nick , kurt and Dale stand on the curb . kurt now where the fuck be we ? nick ( point ) that must be the strip club . 71 . a block away from they be a seedy , unwelcome club with a neon sign that read '' putas desnudas . '' dale '' putas desnudas '' ? what do that mean ? nick '' nake whore . '' kurt kind of on - the-nose , huh ? nick I do not see a truck . they walk closer to the club and notice around the corner be a fence - in parking lot with a 18 - wheeler park inside . two heavily tattooe hispanic guard stand nearby . quickly back up into the shadow . kurt look at this . a lock fence , guard . it 's a suicide mission . nick I think that 's what nagopian have in mind . dale that guy have tattoo on they face . that do not bode well . nick if it be easy to rob a truck from one gang and give it to another , people would be do it all the time . dale I have no idea start a small business would be this hard . kurt all right , let 's just put we head together and figure out how to pull this off without get kill . there 's a long beat . dale ( to himself ) what would Ocean 's 11 do ? nick well , first of all , they have have eight more people . we guy 72 . kurt and I do not think we be go to have to do backflip through a room full of laser in there . dale you be think of Catherine Zeta - Jones in '' entrapment . '' kurt no , I be not . Catherine Zeta -jone be also in '' Ocean 's 11 . '' dale no , she be not . she be in '' Ocean 's 12 . '' kurt it be the same cast . dale yeah , plus a twelfth person : Catherine Zeta-jone . kurt you be a idiot . dale be I ?! okay , I be imdb ’ing it . he start furiously type into he smart phone . nick probably not the best use of we time . kurt well , there be one thing all that movie have in common . besides Catherine Zeta-jone . dale ( still type ) no. kurt ( to Nick ) they always create a distraction so the rest of the team could carry out the heist . nick that 's true . maybe create a commotion inside the club . draw the guard in . 73. kurt what be you think ? smoke pellet ? nick do you have smoke pellet ? kurt no. nick do you know how to make smoke pellet ? kurt nope. nick guess that rule out smoke pellet . ( then ) what if two of we stage a fake fight in there ? get everyone watch that . kurt that only leave one of we to hot - wire the truck and no one to keep a lookout . nick shit . dale what do I say ?! ( hold up he phone ) Ocean 's 11 ! no Catherine Zeta-Jo-- kurt swat the phone out of Dale 's hand . dale ( cont 'd ) hey ! Dale scramble after it . kurt turn back to Nick as if nothing happen . kurt we be gonna need a fourth person . nick who do we know that we can call at one in the morning to help we commit a really dangerous crime ? smash CUT to : 74 . int . dive bar - night the guy sit in they regular booth across from motherfucker jone . motherfucker you three clown just can not abide by the law , can you ? nick clearly , some bad decision be make . now can you please help we , motherfucker Jones ? motherfucker what have you call I ? nick motherfucker Jones . be not that you name ? motherfucker not anymore . I change it when I get marry . kurt oh , congratulation . motherfucker thank you . dale you wife do not like the name '' motherfucker '' ? motherfucker no , bitch . she do not like the name '' Jones . '' I take she last name . kurt really . dale ( to motherfucker ) so what 's you name now ? motherfucker motherfucker quang . she 's chinese . the hot kind . not the big round head kind . nick so she be okay with '' motherfucker '' but she do not like '' Jones '' ? 75 . motherfucker I be pretty sure she do not know what the word '' motherfucker '' mean . she do not know what a lot of word mean . dale she sound nice . kurt but why do you take she last name ? motherfucker because I respect woman and I believe in equality . kurt that 's fair . motherfucker and because she do everything I tell she to do . no matter how fuck up . dale ( to himself ) that take a weird turn . nick okay , we do not have a lot of time here . so we need to know if you will help we , motherfucker ... quang ? motherfucker I will help you . but it 'il be fifty large . kurt here we go . nick no . it 's not go to be fifty large . it 's not go to be anything large . it 's go to be small . motherfucker ( sigh , then ) all right . gimme you watch . nick this be a tag heuer . motherfucker I know what it be . 76 . kurt just give it to he , Nick . Nick roll he eye and give motherfucker the watch . motherfucker thank you . from here on out , I be go to be you heist consultant . they all ad lib '' no 's '' as they usher he out of the booth . ext . urban neighborhood - later the guy stand with motherfucker across from the strip club parking lot . motherfucker I do not know about this . you do not tell I this guy have tattoo on they face . kurt you have tattoo on you head ! motherfucker that 's different . I grow out my hair , I look like everyone else . they grow out they hair , they look even crazier . nick we can not turn back now . motherfucker I can . he turn and start to walk away . nick wait ! we will give you stock in nickurdale . motherfucker ( shocked ) nigger what ?! nick / kurt / dale no , no !/ that 's not --/ oh boy . dale ni- kur - Dale . it 's the name of we company . 77 . motherfucker yeah , you gotta change that name . ( beat ) how much stock ? nick a thousand share . motherfucker ten thousand . nick done. dale ( lean in to Nick ) I do not know we have stock . nick ( sotto ) we do not . kurt okay , here 's how I see this go down . motherfucker and I will stage a fight in the club . as soon as the guard come inside to break it up , you and Dale climb the fence , hot wire the truck , drive it through the fence and pick we up out front . nick seem like Dale and I have the much harder end of the plan . kurt be you kid ? do you know how hard it be to stage a convincing fake fight ? the only reason I have choose myself for it be because -- nick ( roll he eye ) do not say '' West side Story . '' kurt '' West side Story . '' the school paper say I be the most convincing bernardo they have ever see . dale ( lean in to motherfucker ) bernardo be Maria 's brother . the leader of the shark . 78 . motherfucker just stare at Dale . nick yeah , well , I be tony . I know how to fake fight too . kurt come on , Nick . you know tony avoid all the rumble like a little bitch . bernardo be deep in the shit the whole show . ( then ) Dale , you see the show . which of we be the better fake fighter ? dale ( delicately ) you be . Nick scoff . dale ( cont 'd ) you be the better dancer , Nick . motherfucker fuck this shit . motherfucker turn and start to walk away . nick okay , wait motherfucker -- you and kurt will do the fake fight , Dale and I will steal the truck . somehow . dale good luck , guy . kurt the shark be go to have they way tonight . as they split up , motherfucker turn to kurt . motherfucker you three should just fuck each other already . int . strip club - moment later kurt and motherfucker enter the dimly - light club which be populate by dozen of arafia pandilla gang banger who greet they with hostile look . on a stage , a stripper work the pole . 79 . kurt damn . this place make you bar look like the cheesecake Factory . they take a seat at a table near the stage and eye they surroundings nervously . motherfucker so , how do you want to do this ? kurt I guess we should start with some raise voice , then I 'il throw the first punch . I will not touch you , but it 's 1ll be close , so you gotta pretend I make contact . then we 'il just sort of wing it from there . wwe style . motherfucker ( raise he voice ) that sound good to I ! kurt ( also raise he voice ) oh , okay ! we be go right into this ?! kurt stand , knock he chair down . motherfucker do the same . a few head turn . it 's hard for other people to hear what they be yell over the music . motherfucker fuck yeah , we be ! motherfucker grab kurt by the shirt . kurt ' Cause I kinda want to psych myself up for it a little more ! kurt give motherfucker a little shove . motherfucker might as well get this over with , ' cause I gotta work in the morning ! kurt ( '' angrily '' ) I do not know you have a job ! what do you do ?! motherfucker shove kurt back . 80 . motherfucker ( '' furious '' ) I run the coffee shop at a barne and Noble ! kurt wi ( '' outrage '' ) ice ! motherfucker grab a bottle and break it on the edge of the table . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( still threaten ) oh , shit ! do not tell I you be actually gonna use that bottle ! ' Cause that would really hurt I ! motherfucker ( get in he face ) do not worry ! I will not ! motherfucker set the bottle on the table . by now , most of the bar patron be watch this '' fight . '' kurt I be gonna punch you in the face with my right hand ! you ready for that ?! motherfucker bring it ! kurt wind back and punch motherfucker in the face , but instead of miss he , he accidentally nail he right in the nose . motherfucker fall back and clutches he face . kurt ( realize ) oh my god , I be so sorry . motherfucker you hit I ! motherfucker look at he hand and see that he nose be bleed . kurt I know . you must have lean into it . motherfucker leaned into it ?! I x11 lean into you , bitch ! now angry for real , motherfucker punch kurt. 81 . kurt ow ! hey ! motherfucker you want another one , bernardo ?! the patron regard this scuffle with little interest . motherfucker lunge for kurt , who try to fend he off with a chair . but instead of hit motherfucker with it , he swing it into a table where two gang member sit . kurt uh oh . the gang member stand up and grab the chair from kurt . one of they hurl it at he but kurt dodge at the last second and the chair fly into another gang member who look piss . all at once , the club erupt in a frenzy of chair - throw , punch and brawling . ext . strip club - continuous Nick and Dale stand in the shadow , watch the club 's parking lot . Nick notice a thug come out of the club and gesture for the two guard to come inside . they leave they post and head in . nick look . they be go in . dale now 's we chance . they sneak over to the 10 - foot chain - link fence , top with barb wire , that enclose the parking lot . nick there 's barb wire . how do we get over that ? dale not a problem . Dale take off he jacket . nick what be you do ? dale I have see people do this . you toss you jacket onto the barb wire and then you just climb over it . 82 . nick okay . do it . Dale toss he jacket up ... and right over the fence where it land on the ground on the other side . Nick give hima look . dale I overshot it . Dale try to fish he jacket through a link in the fence but it 's too thick and he only manage to wedge it halfway through . dale ( cont 'd ) damn it . ( then ) can I have you jacket ? nick no. I x11 do it . Nick take he jacket off put he over he shoulder , then carefully climb up the fence . dale oh , you be not go to toss it from the ground ? that make sense ... Nick reach the top and drape he coat over the barb wire . he delicately clamber over the top . nick ( hushed ) ow . ow ! shit ! he reach the ground . dale see ? I tell you that would work . nick do not work at all , Dale . go right through the jacket . Nick hold out he hand which be fleck with bloody scratch . dale oof. int . strip club - continuous kurt and motherfucker cower next to the stage as complete chaos surround they . 83. kurt look , obviously I do not hit you on purpose . I say I be sorry . a stripper fall off the stage and land on they . motherfucker all right . I be do with this shit ! motherfucker stand . kurt where be you go ? motherfucker Home . you guy be a bad influence on I . he scurries toward the exit . kurt motherfucker quang , wait ! we 'il give you fifty thousand share ! int . counting room - continuous we be see the chaos from above , through a interior window . oscar ( 0.s. ) ( Spanish with subtitles ) what 's go on down there ? reveal oscar , 30' , a tough as nail arafia pandilla member , with the word '' j€f€ '' " tattooe across he forehead ( think javier bardem ) . he smoke a cigarette and maintain a eerie calm , even under the most extreme circumstance . as he look out a window onto the floor of the club , two gang member bundle stack of cash behind he . gang member ( Spanish with subtitles ) some kind of fight . oscar notice the two guard who come in from outside be among the fighter . oscar ( calmly ) who 's guard my fuck truck ? oscar put the cigarette in he mouth and head out of the office . 84 . int . strip club - continuous oscar go down the stair and into the war zone of the club . as he head for the back door , he be completely unfaze by the violence around he . he 's like Robert duvall in '' apocalypse now , '' but instead of explosion , he walk through fly chair and bottle . ext . truck —- continuous the 18 - wheeler sit in the lot . a very faint light can be see come from inside the cab . dale ( 0.s. ) we be look for a red wire with a green or yellow stripe . int . truck cabin - continuous Nick and Dale crouch on the floor of the truck . Nick hold a handful of wire from under the steering column while Dale follow instruction on he smartphone . nick I see a blue wire with a yellow stripe -- dale no ! do not touch that one ! nick calm down . we be not defuse a nuclear warhead . dale right . sorry . I ’ma little jumpy . nick here 's a red wire . dale okay good . accord to this wiki , that should be the power wire . we need to connect that to the starter wire . nick which be the starter wire ? dale hang on , it 's load . ( beat ) load ... 85 . nick come on , Dale . dale I can not help it . it 's 3g. ( beat ) load ... suddenly , they hear a door bang shut outside . nick what be that ? Dale peek up out the window and see oscar emerge from the club and look around suspiciously . dale ( whisper yell ) someone 's come ! nick get down ! Nick yank Dale down below the window . ext . parking lot - continuous oscar notice Dale 's jacket wedge into the bottom of the chain - link fence . he toss away he cigarette as he cross to the back of the truck . he take out he key , unlock the rear door and open it . he check out the content of the trailer ( we do not see what 's inside ) . int . truck cabin - continuous Nick and Dale huddle together , terrify . dale what 's he do back there ? nick shhh . just then , they hear the rear door slam shut . close on the jumble of expose wire . the slight movement of the cabin from the door slamm cause the red wire to make contact with a brown one . the two wire spark and we hear : sfx : truck ignition start dale ( hushed ) yes ! 86 . nick ( hushed ) no! ext . truck - continuous oscar react startle to the sound of the truck start up . oscar é qué diablos ? he cross to the driver 's side door and pull it open revealing ... no one . int . truck cabin - continuous oscar climb into the driver 's seat and examine the ignition . as he do , we reveal Nick and Dale cower in the backseat directly behind oscar . oscar be about to turn in they direction when Dale spot a six - pack of Coke on the floor . without think , he grab a can and bash oscar over the head with it . oscar augghhh ! oscar crumple over in the front seat . Nick and Dale exchange a look of shock . nick Jesus , Dale ! before Dale can reply , oscar sit up . oscar what the fuck be that --?! Dale hit he again . Coke spritzes out of the dent can . oscar ( cont 'd ) ( still conscious ) ow ! my head ! clonk ! Dale slam he again . oscar ( cont 'd ) you son of a-- clonk ! oscar ( cont 'd ) fuck ! 87. Nick and Dale can not believe this guy be still awake . nick you be not hit he hard enough ! dale I be hit as hard as I can ! you try it ! Nick grab a fresh can of Coke and clock oscar over the head . but still oscar fail to fall unconscious . oscar damn it ! Nick and Dale both start bashing oscar over the head with they respective can . Coke spray everywhere . oscar ( cont 'd ) ouch ! shit ! oooh ! at long last , oscar slump over , out cold . Nick and Dale catch they breath . dale God , it 's hard to knock someone out . nick especially with a soda can . there 's a beat . Dale take a sip from he batter can . nick ( cont 'd ) ( notice something ) oh damn . reverse to see several thug exite the club and hurry toward the truck . nick ( cont 'd ) we have gotta go ! Nick and Dale scramble into the front seat . dale ( be : oscar ) what about he ?! nick just move he over ! Dale drag oscar off the front seat as Nick slam the door shut and grab the gearshift . nick ( cont 'd ) let 's get the hell out of here . 88 . action music crescendo as Nick stomp on the gas pedal ... but the truck do not move . instead , we hear a horrible grinding SOUND from the engine . dale what be you do ?! nick I do not know how to drive a truck ! there 's like eighteen gear on this thing ! a gunshot ring out , shatter the driver 's side window . Dale and Nick duck down . dale they be shoot at we ! nick I get that . Nick continue to grind the gear and the noise get even uglier . by now , the gang member be almost upon the truck . nick ( cont 'd ) come on , first gear ... where be you ? finally , he grind it into gear and the truck slowly lurch forward toward the fence . dale gun it ! nick I be try , Dale ! there 's like five pedal down there ! ext . parking lot - continuous a thug manage to leap onto the side of the cab . he climb up to the window and point he gun at Nick . just as he 's about to fire , the truck rumble through the fence -- not fast , but with enough speed to bust through . the tear fence scrape along the side of the truck and yank the thug from he perch . ext . strip club - moment later kurt run out the front door of the club just as the truck clumsily barrel around the corner , the trailer jump the curb and take out a parking meter . kurt hurry over as Nick slow down for he to climb aboard . 89 . int . truck cabin - continuous kurt slam the door shut as he take a seat behind Nick and Dale . kurt take you long enough . do you have any idea what be go on in there ? nick do you have any idea what be go on in here ?! dale where 's motherfucker ? kurt he take off . could not take the heat . ( then , notice oscar ) who 's this gentleman ? dale he 's in the gang . we knock he out with can . kurt no shit ? that 's cool . nick we should probably tie he up or something . kurt find some bungee cord and proceed to tie oscar 's hand behind he back . nick ( cont 'd ) be they follow we ? dale ( look out the side window ) I do not see anyone . ( then ) hey , what do you think be in this truck anyway ? nick no idea . could be anything . drug , weapon ... kurt sex slave . dale I hope it 's not sex slave . 90 . nick it 's not we business . the less we know the better . ( beat ) I will go easier on the turn in case it 's sex slave . sfx : Dale 's cell phone ring dale ( into phone ) hey , honey . what 's up ? intercut with : int . dale' house - same time flushed and out of breath , stacy be on all four on the floor of the kitchen . stacy ( into speaker phone ) Dale ?! where be you ?! it 's four in the morning . dale uh ... get stick at the office . stacy well , it 's time ! dale time for what , hon ? stacy time for three baby to come out of my body ! dale right now ? be you sure ?! she glance over at a huge puddle of water on the floor next to she . stacy pretty sure . ( groan ) ohhhhh god ! dale breathe , stacy ! be you dilate ? be you vagina dilate ?! kurt and Nick exchange a look . gl . stacy I can not see my vagina , Dale . dale right . okay . we ’1ll be right there ! just hang on ! he hang up . dale ( cont 'd ) we have get to take stacy to the hospital . nick what ? dale she 's in labor . we have get to pick she up . kurt in a steal truck full of sex slave ? nick not to mention the man with the dragon tattoo back there . kurt can not she call a cab ? dale ( steely ) you listen to I . my wife and baby be the most important thing in the world to I . and nothing 's go to stop I from be there for they . so you either drive this fuck rig to my house and pick up stacy or I will . he hold a Coke can and glare at Nick threateningly . Nick glance over at kurt who shrug . ext . Nick car , ext . Dale STREET - continuous take a hard leave . the trailer scrape against a park nearly total it . dale 's house - minute later and kurt carefully help stacy to the truck . stacy what be this ? what be you drive ? dale it 's a truck . ( think fast ) it 's the nickurdale company truck . int . truck cabin - moment later 92 . Dale help stacy recline in the back seat as kurt climb in the front and Nick pull away from the curb . nick hey , stacy . how you feel ? stacy hey Nick . I do not know you know how to drive a truck . nick oh yeah . be drive they since I be - — he be drown out by a deafening grinding SOUND as he struggle to shift gear . all of a sudden , stacy let out a scream . dale what ? be it a contraction ?! stacy there 's a man on the floor ! she point to oscar who lie unconscious at she foot . dale oh , right . that 's ... ( see the '' jefe '' tattoo on oscar 's forehead ) jeffy . he 's a old college pal . latino college pal . stacy what 's wrong with he ? kurt he 's a drunk . Big drunk . we call he jeffy the ... drunk . stacy he 's get so many tattoo . he look like a gang member . 93. dale that 's a little racist , hon . stacy you be right . I be sorry . as they speak , Nick notice something out he side - view mirror . nick ( quietly ) kurt . be that --? kurt check he mirror and see two car speed up on the truck 's tail . Inside can be see several of the arafia pandilla member . kurt shit. gun it . Nick floor it and the truck pick up speed . at the same time , stacy begin to moan as she contraction get worse . dale hang on , babe . just try to relax and stay calm ... Dale glance out he window and see one of the gang car have catch up and pull alongside . a gang member lean out he window and aim a 9 mm pistol at they . dale ( cont 'd ) fuck my shit ! nick hang on . he swerve sharply to the right , put some distance between the truck and the gang car . stacy what 's go on ? dale nothing . you just focus on keep that baby inside for a little longer . close on the speedometer which read 90 mph . kurt check he mirror again and see another gang member aim he gun at they . smash ! the mirror shatter as a bullet strike it . kurt whoa. 94 . Nick can see that the car have take position on either side of the truck . think fast , he swerve first leave , then right , cause the trailer to jackknife just enough to impact each car . the gang car go into a spin , drive off the road and onto the shoulder . nick yes ! the truck increase its distance from the pursuer . kurt I think we be lose they . stacy the baby ?! dale no , no ! the baby be fine . sfx : police siren nick no way . sure enough , a patrol car have pull out and be speed up behind the truck . kurt gun it . nick I be not gun anything . it 's a cop . Nick slow down and pull over to the side of the road . the squad car stop behind the truck and a patrolman step out . ext . STREET - same time several hundred yard back , the two car full of gang member have stop and turn off they light , wait to see what happen . ext . truck - continuous the patrolman approach Nick 's window . patrolman do you know you be do 90 mile a hour back there ? a class 7 vehicle should not be go faster than 55 . 95 . nick I be so sorry about that , Officer . it 's -- patrolman what be you haul back there ? nick hmm ? patrolman what 's in the trailer ? nick just stuff . I do not even know . dale ( 0.s. ) nothing secret . kurt ( 0.s. ) Dale ! the patrolman react to the disembody voice . patrolman all right , well , you be go to show I . everyone out of the cab , please -- just then , stacy let out a pain moan . patrolman ( cont ’d ) what the hell 's go on in there ? he step up on the run board and peer into the cab . from he Pov he see Dale tend to stacy . oscar be not visible . patrolman ( cont ’d ) be she all right ? kurt she 's have a baby . dale triplet ! stacy moan again . nick that 's actually why we be speed . we be take she to the hospital . patrolman why do not you say so ? come on . I will give you a escort . 96 . suddenly , oscar moan as he begin to regain consciousness . the patrolman look puzzle for a moment . stacy moan again and he shake it off and hurry back to he car . kurt all right then . as soon as the cop be go , Dale grab a fresh can of soda and clock oscar over the head with it . oscar slump over . stacy why do you hit you friend with a can ?! dale ( struggle to cover ) it 's a inside joke . do not worry . the patrol car turn on its siren and pull out . the truck follow . ext . STREET - continuous the gang member watch , piss off , as the truck leave with the cop . gang member ( Spanish with subtitles ) what the fuck ? gang member # 2 ( Spanish with subtitles ) do not worry . we will get to they . ext . highway - minute later the truck zoom down the road follow the patrol car . ext . hospital - night the truck and the patrol car pull to a stop at the emergency room entrance . Dale jump out . dale ( yell ) wheelchair ! can we get a wheelchair here ?! no one come . dale ( cont 'd ) this be a terrible hospital . 97 . he hurry inside . kurt and Nick help stacy out of the truck as the cop join they . stacy oh god ! they be come out ! dale ( 0.s. ) here I be ! I be come ! Dale run back out push a wheelchair and stacy sit . dale ( cont 'd ) ( to Nick and kurt ) I will be right back . nick kind of in a time crunch here , Dale . dale I know . but I get we into this and I be not gonna send you there without I . ( wheeling stacy inside ) wish we luck ! Dale and stacy go . kurt good luck . nick ( to patrolman ) thank you , Officer . you have be a big help . patrolman my pleasure . y’know , I have always want to do that : escort a pregnant lady to the hospital . it 's kind of the reason I become a cop . kurt aww , that 's nice . patrolman that and get to shoot people . nick aww . ( then ) well , we do not want to keep you , so ... 98 . patrolman just go to need to see the content of you trailer . kurt I be sorry ? patrolman yeah , you do not get to show I before . Nick and kurt exchange a fearful look . nick uhhh ... patrolman ( no nonsense ) let 's go . Nick let out a sigh and slowly lead the patrolman toward the rear door of the trailer . he and kurt stand there , stare at the door for a beat . nick here we be ... patrolman open it , please . nick yup . Nick unlatch the door and slide it up , revealing the trailer 's interior . the patrolman shine he flashlight inside . patrolman Holy crap . reverse angle to reveal stack box label '' dora the explorer plush doll . '' kurt and Nick exhale , relieved . patrolman ( cont ’d ) my daughter would cream she jeans if she see this . nick Big '' dora the explorer '' fan , be she ? patrolman oh my god . she love that little bitch . 99 . kurt why do not you take one for you daughter ? patrolman yeah ? kurt hop onto the trailer and tear open a box . he hand a dora doll to the cop . kurt here , y'know what ? take a boot the monkey , too . he hand the cop another doll . patrolman thanks , guy . when my daughter see this , she 's gonna blow a load . kurt and Nick look a bit disgust . int . truck cabin - short time later Nick and kurt climb back into the cab . kurt why the hell would nagopian want a truck full of Nick Jr. doll ? nick I do not know and I do not care . but we be not wait anymore . we have get to get this truck back by sun - up . Nick grind the truck into gear . kurt oh yeah . what 's with the whole '' sun - up '' thing , by the way ? he could not just give we a time ? this be not '' High noon . '' even that have a time . noon . before Nick pull out , they see Dale run up . dale hey , wait ! I be ready to go ! kurt what about the baby ? 100 . dale she have ‘em ! two boy and a girl ! and some poop . but I be a dad ! he climb aboard and they pull out . dale ( cont 'd ) you be not go to leave without I , be you ? nick Sun 's come up , Dale . we be run out of time . dale check it out . he show they a photo on he phone . insert : stacy struggle to hold three newborn baby nick congratulation , Dale . kurt adorable . ( beat ) be the one on the right a little wonky ? insert : the same photo . the one on the right be smaller and goofier look than he sibling . dale milo ? he 's not wonky . he 's just a little smaller than the other two . nick they be all beautiful . dale thank you . he sit back . Nick lean toward kurt . nick ( sotto ) there 's definitely something go on with milo . kurt right ? ( then , check watch ) I think we be okay . I think we be gonna make it back to nagopian in time . 101 . oscar ( 0.s. ) so you be work for that piece of crap ? the guy jump , startle . oscar have regain consciousness , he hand still tie . oscar ( cont 'd ) I should have figure . nick ( be : oscar ) shit . I forget about he . oscar what I do not understand be , why would nagopian hire three puto like you ? kurt if we be such puto , how do we steal you truck and knock you out ? dale yeah ! and what 's a puto ? oscar smile calmly . oscar you have no idea what kind of shit you be in . nick what about you ? I hate to think what nagopian 's go to do to you when we get there . oscar I be not worried . dale if you be not worried , then why be you cry ? ( look closer ) oh wait . that 's a tattoo . oscar whatever happen to I , my man will find you and kill you . kurt you have '' man '' ? why do you have '' man " ? oscar because I be the leader of the arafa pandilla . 102 . ext . truck —- continuous Nick jam on the brake and the truck squeal to a stop . int . truck cabin - continuous nick ( to oscar ) you be the gang leader ?! oscar what do you think this fuck tattoo on my forehead say ? dale jeffy . be not you name jeffy ? oscar jefe . it mean '' boss '' ! do not any of you take Spanish in school ? dale I take french . kurt ( to Nick and Dale ) why do you guy kidnap the gang leader ?! nick he get in the truck . we do not have a choice . dale what do we do with he ? oscar you let I go . kurt we be not let you go . ( then , quietly to Nick ) should we let he go ? Dale lean forward to listen . nick I do not know . if we take he to nagopian he will probably kill he . kurt yeah . but if we let he out , he 'il kill we . dale how ? his hand be tie . 103 . nick they will not be tie forever , Dale . ( then ) maybe we can make a deal with he . we let he go and nagopian do not kill he . and in return for save he life , he let we off the hook . kurt seem reasonable . ( turn to oscar ) how do that sound , jeffy ? they all look to see the rear truck door be open and oscar be go . kurt ( cont 'd ) where do he go ?! ext . truck - continuous Dale and kurt get out of the truck and look around . dale he 's go . ( call ) jeffy ?! kurt you think he 's go to come back if you call he ? nick ( 0.s. ) forget about he . the sun be come up . let 's get this damn truck back . dale how do he open the door with he hand tie ? he 's like a dominican ninja . a dominja . we hear horrible grinding sound from the transmission and kurt and Dale climb in as the truck jerk forward . ext . construction site - dawn the sun be just rise as the 18 - wheeler pull up to nagopian 's office trailer . nagopian and ghoukas exit the trailer as Nick , kurt and Dale step down from the truck . mr . nagopian you actually make it ? no fuck way . 104 . nick yes , fuck way . here 's you truck . be we do now ? mr . nagopian one moment . ghoukas . ghoukas cross to the back of the truck . mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) how do you get past the dominican ? kurt you ever see '' ocean 11 '' ? mr . nagopian with Catherine Zeta -jone ? dale ( frustrated ) no. ghoukas return with a dora the explorer doll and hand it to nagopian . dale ( cont 'd ) what be that ? nick that 's what be in the truck . kurt ( to nagopian ) why do you need a bunch of doll so badly ? nagopian yank the head off the doll and pull out a baggie fill with powder . kurt ( cont 'd ) ah. right . drug of some sort . that make more sense . nick ( lean in ) we give they to that cop 's daughter . kurt ( sotto ) ooh . probably should not have , huh ? mr . nagopian I have to admit , I be impressed . I do not think you mongoloid would pull it off . 105 . dale thank you . nick so , be we ... good ? mr . nagopian well , since you do bring I a truck worth 20 million dollar , I be go to forgive you debt . dale oh , thank god . kurt 20 million ? ( whistle ) if anything , you should pay we more . nick ( quickly ) he 's kid . thank you , Mr. nagopian . we be really glad we could work this all out without any of we ... be kill . mr . nagopian ghoukas , call we friend a cab . they shake hand with nagopian just as a car pull up , drive by a woman . nagopian hand the dora doll to ghoukas who take it away . the woman step out of the car . Dale look at she . why do she look familiar ? mr . nagopian ( cont 'd ) hello , dear . woman hi , hon . gabe and I want to say goodbye before we head for the airport . Dale look even more uneasy . the woman open the rear passenger door and out step gabe , the boy who dale helped go to the bathroom . Dale 's jaw drop . dale ( to himself ) no fuck way . nagopian give he wife a kiss and lift up he son for a hug . there 's a disbelief . 106 . mr . nagopian how 's my little monster ? gabe good. dale ( nervously ) well , we should get out of you hair . kurt we be wait for a cab , Dale . dale ( get panicky ) that 's okay . we do not need a cab . gaber mother ( notice Dale ) hey , do not you work for gabe 's dentist ? dale hm ? no. what ? I do not think so . ( to Nick and kurt ) time to go , guy . come on . gabe 's mother yeah , you work with Dr. slocum . dale do not know who that be . kurt what be you problem ? you do work for Dr. slocum . dale nope ! different person . let 's go . gabe I know you . dale no , you do not . gabe yeah , you be the man who take out my penis . stunne silence . Nick and kurt exchange a look of Dale force a laugh . dale what ?! where do that come from ? 107 . mr . nagopian what be you say , gabe ? this man ? he touch you ? gabe just my penis . dale okay , hang on ! gabe ask I to do it ! he be practically begging I -- Mrs. nagopian gasp . nagopian 's expression turn stone cold as he glare at Dale . dale ( cont 'd ) let I back up . I take he to the bathroom . come on , gabe . tell they why I do it . gabe I can not . dale why not ?! gabe you say we have to keep it secret . nick oh damn . ( to kurt ) should we --? kurt run ? yeah . they grab Dale 's arm and take off running toward the exit of the construction site . mr . nagopian ghoukas ! kurt ( breathe hard ) God damn it , Dale . we be off the hook ! nick of all the kid you could have molest ... dale I do not molest anyone ! as they approach the exit , two car speed onto the construction site . 108 . oscar hang out the passenger window of one car , hold a gun . he ride with a half dozen of he tattooe gang member . kurt be that --? dale it 's jeffy ! oscar aim and fire he gun , narrowly miss they . gravel fly up beside they . nick this way ! Nick , kurt and Dale retreat back the way they come . but before they get far , they see nagopian , ghoukas and another thug leave the office trailer carry weapon . nick ( cont 'd ) not this way ! nagopian 's thug aim he uzi at the guy , but before he can fire , he be shot in the arm by one of the dominican . caught in the crossfire , we guy duck and scramble for cover . kurt spot the main entrance to the unfinish 10 - story office building . kurt over here ! as the two gang take pot shot at each other , Nick , kurt and Dale scurry into the building . angle on nagopian and ghoukas , who see they go in and hurry after they . int . unfinished build - continuous Nick , kurt and Dale race up the emergency stair . the higher they go , the more unfinish the building be . they stop on the third floor to catch they breath . they can hear gunfire from outside . Nick pull out he cell phone and dial . kurt who be you call ? nick my mom . ( then ) 911 ! Dale peer down the open area of the staircase . 109 . dale I do not see anyone -- p-ting ! a bullet ricochet off the railing beside Dale . reveal nagopian and ghoukas at the bottom of the stair aim up at they . mr . nagopian I be go to put a bullet in you ball ! dale ( call down ) he be gonna pee in he pants ! I help he -- p-ting ! another bullet fly past . dale ( cont 'd ) ( to kurt ) he do not want to listen . the guy continue up the stair . nick ( into phone ) yes , hello . there be dominican and armenian shoot at we ! ( beat ) well , it 's a long story . the main thing to focus on be that they be shoot at we . ext . construction site - continuous a suv pull up and unload four armenian mobster , all carry automatic weapon . they take cover as the arafa pandilla turn they fire on they . oscar slip into the unfinish building and head for the stair . int . unfinished build - moment later Nick , kurt and Dale be now at the top floor . Nick 's still on the phone . they leave the stairwell and take cover behind a stack of drywall . there be no outside wall or window , only plastic sheet which flutter in the wind . sfx : beep Nick look at he phone to see a income call . the caller id read : '' skymall inc . '' 110 . nick ( show kurt and Dale ) guy , look . dale skymall ? what could they want ? kurt maybe they have second thought about the shower buddy . take it . nick not the best time for a business call , kurt . we be about to be shot to death . kurt exactly . would not you rather die know that we be not just three idiot who quit they job for no reason ? Nick hesitates . kurt grab the phone from he and answer the call , put 911 on hold . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( '' casually '' into phone ) nickurdale industry , this be kurt . claire ( 0.s. ) ( on phone ) kurt , hi , it 's Claire robbin from skymall . hope we be not catch you too early . kurt no , no , this be a great time . bang ! a shot overhead shower the guy with drywall piece . kurt peek out from he cover to find nagopian and ghoukas scan the room for they . a piece of plastic blow in from the wind . ghoukas fire at it . mr . nagopian we be go to find you fucker ! intercut with : int . sky mall office - same time Claire be on the phone at she desk . claire what be that noise ? 111. kurt ( quietly ) I be just down on the factory floor . how can I help you , Claire ? as Claire speak , the three crawl behind various pile of construction equipment to avoid be find by the armenian . claire well , despite we misgiving about you and you colleague on a personal level , we show you shower buddy to we boss and she flip for it . kurt ( full voice ) seriously ? ( to Nick and Dale ) they like the buddy ! bang ! hear kurt 's voice , nagopian fire in he direction . Nick , kurt and Dale hustle for a new hide spot . nick ( to kurt ) shhh ! claire we do have a couple of question , though , before we can make a order . kurt sure , sure . that 's great . do you think we could call you back a little later in the day ? claire unfortunately , we go to press on we fall catalogue today , so it 's kind of a now - or- never situation . that 's why we be call so early . kurt I see . okay , well , we will be happy to answer you question --— he peek out from he hide spot and see oscar and four of he thug run in with weapon draw . kurt ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) Holy shit . nagopian and ghoukas take cover as oscar and he man turn they attention to they . 112 . oscar you think you can steal from I , pendejo ?! mr . nagopian jaj tam vret ! they open fire on each other . bang , bang , bang ! kurt , Nick and Dale cower . claire be that gunfire ? kurt nope . that be ... bolt gun . they be shoot bolt into the thing . claire all right , well , first of all , we need to know if the estimate you give we on you maximum output capacity be theoretical or rate ? one of the arafia pandilla member be shot multiple time . he collapse directly over where kurt be hide , drop he gun and bleeding down onto kurt 's head . kurt ( reacting ) ugghhh . ( then , keep it together ) that estimate be rate , base on actual productivity figure over a two week period -- pfft ! kurt spit blood out of he mouth that have drip down from the fall gang member above he . claire ) okay , good . and tell I about you replenishment lead time . more of nagopian 's man have join the battle on the top floor . it 's a all - out gang war . struggle to see despite the blood that have drip into he eye , kurt spot a armenian thug head in he direction . kurt ( spit more blood ) pfft ! I be gonna hand you over to my co - ceo , Nick . he can tell you all about we ( loudly for Nick 's sake ) replenishment lead time . 113 . kurt toss the phone to Nick and scramble for cover on he hand and knee . as Nick speak , he '' army crawl '' under a tarp . nick hi , Claire . as far as we rlt go , we assembly line can produce 75 complete unit per hour , so we can meet any order with a minimum of lead time -- bang ! a bullet rip through the tarp just over Nick . he flinch . claire be everything okay there ? nick everything 's just f--uck ! Nick hold up he leave hand which we see have a bullet hole in it . claire Excuse I ? freaking out , Nick spot Dale hide nearby . nick ( pain ) I be gonna transfer you to my colleague , Dale . dale ! Nick throw the phone at Dale and grab he hand in agony . dale ( into phone ) Dale here . claire um , hello . I be just go to ask if you manufacturing cycle efficiency match the throughput estimate from you production spec sheet . Dale have not the slight idea what Claire 's talk about . dale ( after a beat ) yes . claire that 's all we need to know . welcome to the skymall family . 114 . dale thanks , lady ! Claire shrug and hang up . Dale pump he fist victoriously . dale ( cont 'd ) guy , we do it ! he look over at kurt who be disgustedly wiping blood from he face , then at Nick who be frantically wrapping he bloody hand . dale ( cont 'd ) whoa . be you okay ? nick no , I be not okay ! I get shot in the fuck hand ! kurt I swallow gangster blood ! ( notice ) oh shit . they turn to see oscar stalking straight toward they , he gun draw . oscar and now you learn what happen when you kidnap the head of the arafa p -- blam ! a bullet blast right through oscar 's head , splatter only kurt 's face with blood . kurt ugghh ! with the blood . pfft ! oscar fall , revealing nagopian stand behind he , he own gun draw . dale you save we life . mr . nagopian I be aim at you . he get in the way . dale ( disappointed ) oh. nagopian take aim directly at Dale . Dale cringe . Nick spot a wheelbarrow fill with powdered concrete . he grab a handful and toss it into nagopian 's face , momentarily blind he . they take when they they head recover 115 . nick ( clutching he wounded and now concrete cake hand ) ow ! kurt come on ! off run in the direction of the stair but stop see ghoukas block they path . nick ghoukas . off in another direction . by now , nagopian have and be hunt they down . we guy find themselves at the edge of the building with a hundre foot drop in front of they . dale it 's a dead end . nick there 's no way down . kurt wait , look . kurt point to a construction debris chute ( like a waterslide ) that lead to a dumpster below . nick be you kid ? we would not survive that . kurt sure we will . it 's just like the slide at rage Waters . nick yeah , if that slide end in a dumpster full of sharp metal ! nagopian and ghoukas be close in . kurt well , I be go . kurt jump foot first into the slide and disappear . Nick and Dale look at each other for a beat . Dale shrug and jump into the slide . Nick sigh . nick God damn it . 116 . he follow he friend down the chute . int . debris chute - continuous kurt barrel down the dusty slide . kurt whoaaaahhhhh ! right behind he , Dale speed along . dale ahhhhhhhhhhh ! bring up the rear be Nick . nick shhhitiiiiit ! from kurt 's Pov , we see the bottom of the chute rapidly approach . a long , sharp piece of rebar jut into the slide , point directly up toward kurt 's oncoming testicles . kurt oh fuck . he desperately splay out he leg and hand , slow himself down on the wall of the chute . he manage to stop he descent a mere foot from the pointy end of the steel bar ... until dale slam into he from behind , shove he six inch closer to the bar . kurt ( cont 'd ) dale ahh ! oof ! just then , Nick slide into the two of they , shove kurt 's crotch down to within a inch of be impale . kurt take a deep breath , then kick the rebar to the side . ext . construction site - moment later filthy , bloody and exhaust , the three guy climb out of the dumpster only to find a half dozen gun point at they . man ( 0.s. ) freeze ! the guy realize they be surround by cop , include hagan . a couple swat team van unload and take up position around the building . 117 . hagan so you dildo be not bullshit I after all . he gesture for the cop to lower they gun . a officer step up to hagan . officer Sir , we have apprehend nagopian . nick think you have enough evidence on he now , detective ? hagan give he a look . hagan you guy okay ? kurt yeah . ( be : the blood crust on he face ) think I could get a aids test ? Nick 's cell phone ring . it 's skymall again . nick hello ? claire ( 0.s. ) it 's Claire robbin again . I be sorry , I forget one last thing . nick what 's that ? claire ( 0.s. ) you company name . nickurdale ? it kinda sound like ... ( whisper ) '' n-word Dale . '' any way you could change it ? nick hmm , never occur to we . but sure , we can change it . CUT to : int . warehouse - two week later a receptionist pick up the phone . 118 . receptionist ( into phone ) thank you for call danickur . ( pronounce '' da nigger '' ) how may I direct you call ? pull back to reveal the new company name on the wall behind she : '' danickur industries '' track through the now bustling office , fill with activity . we pass a stack of skymall catalogue on a coffee table , the shower buddy be on the cover . we continue down to the factory floor where worker be produce and package hundred of shower buddy 's . we follow one unit as it move down the production line . a worker pick it up and we match CUT to : over credit : int . nick's shower - day close on a shower buddy in use . reveal Nick take a shower . he turn the dial from '' shampoo '' to '' conditioner '' and smile as the showerhead perform perfectly . int . kurt 's shower - day kurt lather up happily under he own shower buddy . int . dale' shower - day Dale be loving life as he shower with he three baby in he arm . one of they look a little wonkier than the other two . int . motherfucker 's shower - day motherfucker dial he shower buddy to '' soap . '' two hand reach into frame and soap he back . it 's he asian wife . they start to make out under the water . soap get in they mouth and they spit it out . int . shower - day nagopian look unhappy as he adjust he shower buddy . pull back to see he be shower with a dozen other naked men in the prison shower block . 119 . int . nick's shower - day angle on the floor of the shower where the shower buddy have leave a thick and dangerously slippery accumulation of soap , shampoo and conditioner . Nick shift he weight and he foot slip out from under he . he go down hard . int . kurt 's shower - day kurt turn and also fall on he ass , pull the shower curtain down with he . int . dale 's shower - day Dale , still hold he three baby , slip . from outside the shower , we hear he hit the floor , follow by the sound of three baby crying . int . motherfucker 's shower - day motherfucker and he wife be already on the floor , struggle to stand but have no luck in the slippery mess . int . prison shower - day it 's total chaos as naked inmate slip and slide on the cement floor , try desperately to get they foot . a couple guard try to help , but wind up fall into the writhe mass of nude criminal . fade out . the end