hostage by Robert crais base on he novel March 29 , 2002 fade in : ext . a hyperblue los angele sky -- day the sky be overlaid with the slow whup - whup - whup of a lapd helicopter flash through the frame , here and go . lapd radio transmission crackle like static electricity around a dirty clapboard bungalow that look like the pucker asshole of Eagle rock . a man 's terrify voice scream invisibly from the house -- malik' voice I be gonna kill this dog ! you make my wife talk to I or I be gonna shoot this fuckin ' dog ! a five - member swat tactical team appear out of nowhere -- full black assault gear , m5 , glove and mask -- hustling into position on either side of the front door . only now do we get the full picture : helicopter overhead , radio car surround the house , a army of cop itching the pull the trigger -- when the tac team be good to go , the team leader give a thumb - up to -- sergeant jeff talley and lt . murray leifitz Talley and leifitz be hunkere behind the lapd Command and Control van . leifitz be the crisis response team swat commander ; Talley , the primary negotiator . it 's so hot out here that Talley have stripped down to a tee-shirt and vest . leifitz they be good to go , Talley . you word , and we be in the house . talley no one 's go anywhere , l-t . we can talk this guy down . Talley lift a dedicated crisis phone that 's be hardline into the house , he tone reasonable and friendly -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) hey , George ? George , do not kill the dog , okay ? we do not want to hear a gun go off in there . a phone crash through the window and land in the front yard -- malik' voice ( scream from the house ) fuck you ! leifitz I do not think he want to talk . frustrate , Talley slump back against the van as the swat Intelligence Officer , Lloyd keith , scuttle up to they -- talley where 's the guy 's wife ? keith she do not take the kid to she sister 's . the neighbor be wrong . talley goddamnit , you say we have she . I tell he we have she ! keith we get bad information , Talley . I can not pull she out of my ass ! up at the house , George Edward malik step into the window . malik be a forty - year - old freak - out loser who have turn the corner on insanity -- malik ( shouting at Talley ) you say my wife be gonna talk to I , you lie fuck ! I be gonna kill she dog , then shoot myself ! I mean it ! Talley stare at malik , think , then abruptly grab keith by the collar -- talley ( to keith ) pull the dog 's name out of you ass . get the dog 's name . Talley step out from behind the command van so that malik can see he . leifitz ( alarmed by Talley 's move ) Talley ! you be in the line of fire ! Talley ignore leifitz ; he be totally focus on malik and on defuse the situation -- talley I do not lie to you , George . you scared you wife pretty good last night . we be have a hard time find she . malik she better talk to I ! I be gonna kill she goddamn dog ! talley you and I have be talk for , what , sixteen hour ? keep talk . be that you dog , too ? malik step away from the window -- malik' voice I do not know whose dog it be . she lie about everything else , so she probably lie about the dog . talley I know you be hurt . you lose you job , you find out you wife 's fuck another guy . . . but do not give up . we will have she talk to you . malik' voice then why will not she open she mouth ?! why do not the bitch say something ??? something about malik 's statement bother Talley . the wording be odd , suspicious -- talley George ? come back to the window . malik' voice stop looking at I !!! Talley grow even more concerned . be malik talk to he ? talley George ? leave the dog alone and come to the window . Talley see keith rejoin leifitz -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( to leifitz ) what 's the dog 's name ? leifitz the neighbor say he do not have a dog . the piece fall into place for Talley : the wife that no one can find , the dog that do not exist .... malik' voice OPEN you goddamned mouth or i'm gonna shoot this dog ! in a single terrible moment , Talley realize that malik be not talk to he ; he 's talk to he wife -- talley Murray !! they be in the house ! his wife 's in the house ! even as Talley scream , a gunshot echoe from the house , freezing the moment . a second shot follow the first as the tactical team breach the front door -- Talley sprint forward , run as hard as he can in nightmare slow motion -- int . malik' house -- day Talley shoulder inside on the heel of the tactical team through drift gun smoke and lancing sunlight . swat cop be cuffing malik even though he 's already dead of a self - inflicted gunshot wound ; malik 's wife be sprawle on the couch where she have be dead for fourteen hour ; two tac officer be try to stop the geyser of arterial blood that spray from the neck of malik 's nine - year- old son even as one of they scream for the paramedics -- Talley be numb ; it 's all too much , too heavy , too horrible . he kneel between to the tactical cop and take the boy 's hand . he stare into the boy' eye , and the boy stare back . the child 's face grow pale as he drain of blood . we hear he heart beat . we hear it slow . we hear it stop . Talley stare at the dead boy . the dead boy 's lifeless eye stare at nothing . title another hyperblue sky , but now we be in a upscale bedroom community in the sun-scorch high desert north of LA -- a legend appear : one Year later . ext . kim' minimarket and gas station -- day a rotted - out Toyota pickup lurch to a stop alongside the minimart , white - boy hip - hop booming on the radio which die with the engine -- Dennis rooney be drive ; twenty - three year old , work - class desert trash with a high opinion of he own brood good look . in the middle : Kevin rooney , nineteen , scared shitless at what they be about to do . Riding shotgun : Mars krupchek , twenty -four , a large pasty guy with a shave head and faraway eye . kevin c'mon , Dennis , this be stupid . I think we be gonna go to the movie . dennis ( grin past Kevin to Mars ) Mars ?! whattaya think , dude ? out here on the edge , no one around , it 's perfect , right ? mar I will check it out . Mars slide out of the truck . he have a tattoo on the back of he tattoo that say : burn it . as soon as Mars be go , Dennis frown at Kevin -- dennis try to act cool , okay ? he 's gonna think you be a dick . kevin robbing this place be gonna put you back in prison . dennis not if they do not catch we , Kevin . kevin we get job , man ; we be work . why even take the chance ? dennis because if you do not take the chance , you be already dead . Dennis pull a pistol from he pants to check the magazine . dennis ( cont 'd ) thirty second , we will be down the road . thirty second . then we will go to the movie . Mars return and nod he approval -- mar it 's perfect . that 's all it take . int . kim' minimart -- day junior Kim , Jr. , be short , squat , and forty - two year old . he 's read a magazine behind the counter when Dennis and Mars enter ; Dennis try to disarm he with a smile -- as Dennis reach the counter , he lift he tee-shirt to reveal the butt of he pistol -- dennis a pack of marlboros for my friend and all you cash , you gook motherfucker ! but junior Kim be ready . he lurch to he foot , bring up a pistol of he own -- mar he 's get a gun ! Dennis lunge across the counter , grab Kim 's gun , and the two man be suddenly lock in a ferocious death -struggle for possession of the weapon -- dennis Mars , help I -- Dennis and Kim bounce from the counter to the slurpy machine , the Glock lock between they , point first one way , then the other , they eye meeting as -- bam -- the gun go off . junior Kim 's eye widen . Dennis and junior both look down at the red blossom that grow on junior Kim 's chest -- kevin ( scream in the background ) Dennis ! Dennis , someone 's come ! Kim fall into the slurpy machine , then slide to the floor . Dennis scramble over the counter and sprint for the door . but Mars hesitates . instead of run , he pick up Kim 's gun , then lean over the counter to look at Kim 's body . we can not see he face -- ext . the minimart -- day a forty - something soccer mom name Margaret hammond be about to enter the minimart when Dennis and Kevin burst out , knock she on she ass . Mars follow a moment later -- Margaret watch they red pickup lurch away , then rush into the store -- int . the truck -- day Dennis power-shift into gear , clash torture metal as he push the Toyota as hard as it will go . no one be talk ; they be scream -- kevin there 's fuckin ' blood all over you ! dennis I do not know he would have a gun ! it just go off ! Dennis see himself in the rearview mirror . his face be splatter with red dew , the sight of it freaking he out -- dennis ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! fuckin ' Jesus , it 's on my face ! the trunk careen crazily off the road . Mars calmly run a hand over Dennis 's face -- mar relax . it 's only blood . Dennis upshift hard again , the truck lurching as the tranny howl -- dennis fuck you , Mars ! I get it all over I ! -- whereupon the torture transmission give with a loud bang and the truck lose power -- dennis ( cont 'd ) motherfucking piece of shit !!! ext . flander road -- day flander Road be line with tree , hedge , and the exclusive housing development that dot the countryside around bristo camino . the Toyota jerk to a stop well off the road , and Dennis , Mars , and Kevin pile out , stuff pistol and bullet into they pocket -- kevin that woman 's gonna call the cop . dennis shut up , goddamnit ! just calm down ! kevin what if he 's dead ? what if you kill he ? Dennis grab he by the throat ; Mars step between they -- mar people be look . Dennis see that Mars be right ; people in pass car be look . he release he brother -- dennis that 's why we gotta keep go . I be not gonna go in for murder . kevin we be on foot . we can not get away . dennis we be surround by house , dumbass . every house have a car in the garage . all we have to do be take one . Dennis and Mars take off for the wall , Kevin reluctantly follow -- ext . walter smith's home -- the cul -de - sac -- day the camera reveal a two -story California Mediterranean home in the exclusive housing development know as York estate . you can not get in the door for less than one- point -five , and this house cost more : eight thousand square foot of use brick and custom tile set on a lushly landscape acre -- walter smith's voice you can pick they up whenever you want . int . walter smith's office -- day walter Smith be at he computer behind he desk . he 's forty and fit , casually dress with thinning hair and glass , currently lean back as he talk on he phone -- walter ( into the phone ) I have he corporate and personal on two disk , label marlon and Al . as Smith talk , he eject a Zip disk from he computer , attaches a label read Al , then place it in a palm -size case beside the first disk , marlon -- walter ( cont 'd ) what , you do not have a sense of humor ? he 's go to love it . walter 's ten-year-old son , Thomas , suddenly charge around the desk and pull at he father 's arm -- thomas my stomach be eat I ! walter ( into the phone ) yeah , that 's Thomas , the human piranha . I have to feed the animal while Pam 's in Florida with she sister . thomas my stomach have tooth ! it 's eat my gut ! walter ( still with the phone ) listen , be Glen on he way ? great . the paper 's bag and ready to go . bye. ( hang up ; then ) all right , all right , all right -- it 's feed time ! walter allow he son to pull he around the desk to -- ext . the smith ' back yard -- the pool -- day a boom box blast the latest teendiva megahit as walter 's sixteen - year- old daughter , Jennifer , stretch out in cutoff short and a bikini top , work on she tan . walter and Thomas appear in the french door that open from the back of the house -- walter ( call ) Jen ! come feed you brother ! he 's waste away ! jennifer can not we send he to Florida ? walter Jen , c'mon , chop -chop ! I have get to finish my work ! Jennifer roll she eye , rise from the chaise longue , and pad to the house . as she clear the frame , the camera swing toward the overgrown wall at the edge of the property . Dennis silenty drop into the bush -- ext . bristo camino patrol car -- day a sky blue bristo camino patrol car cruise along flander Road -- int . the cruiser -- officer mike welch -- drive Welch be a young officer with a innocence to he eye that you do not find in urban cop . he keep a photo of he wife and toddler son tape to the dash . radio four , base . you there , Mike ? Welch pick up the radio microphone -- welch four . I be gonna hit the krispy - kreme . you want a dozen ? radio armed robbery , Kim 's minimart on flander Road , shot fire with a man down . this be so unexpected that Welch wait for the punchline -- welch be you kid I ? radio ah , suspect be three white male drive a red pickup last see eastbound on flander . Welch turn on he light just as he see the red Toyota pickup abandon on the side of the road and stand on he brake -- int . the smith ' kitchen -- a few minute later the smith ' home sport a open floor plan with the kitchen centrally locate between a large family room , a hall that lead to the front of the house , and the french door that open onto the pool area . Jennifer be put the finish touch on three tuna sandwich as she call to she brother -- jennifer tell daddy that lunch be ready . ( no answer ) Thomas , do not be a turd . tell --! she turn to find herself face - to- face with Dennis , who clamp a hand over she mouth -- dennis ( quietly ) I be not go to hurt you . Mars be hold Thomas . Kevin be by the french door -- dennis ( cont 'd ) stop fight . relax , and I will let go . Jennifer struggle until she see that Mars be hold a pistol to Thomas 's head -- dennis ( cont 'd ) that 's better . be cool and we will be outta here in five minute . understand ? Jennifer nod , and Dennis remove he hand . he have she pin to the counter , he body press into she 's ; she be suddenly very aware that she be almost naked -- dennis ( cont 'd ) who else be here ? jennifer my father . Dennis grab she hair and pull she away -- int . smith ' office -- day it happen fast : Dennis shove Jennifer into the room , and Mars and Kevin follow with Thomas -- walter be feed a computer print - out into a paper shredder as they burst through the door -- dennis get you ass in the chair ! sit down ! Dennis shove Jennifer to the floor and stalk directly across the room , he gun train on walter . walter freeze , hand motionless , let the paper feed into the shredder . strangely , he have little outward reaction -- walter ( quietly ) Jen ? be you all right ? dennis she will be dead if you do not put you ass in that chair ! walter carefully sit . he be amazingly calm in the face of this invasion . dennis ( cont 'd ) Kevin ! do not stand there , asshole , close the window ! Mars , keep he cover , dude ! Mars push Thomas down beside Jennifer , then aim he gun at walter . Kevin close the shutter as Dennis rip the electric cord from a lamp -- walter who send you ? dennis do not go rambo and you will tell be about this on the back nine . I be gonna tie you up , then we be gonna take you car . walter glance toward the shredder ; the final page of paper emerge as spaghetti and then the shredder stop -- walter the car . all you want be the car ? dennis be I talkin ' raghead ?! I want you car ! gimme the goddamn key ! a strange smile flicker at the corner of walter 's mouth as if there 's a joke within all this , then -- walter the key be on the wall by the garage . take it . the tank 's almost full . kevin Dennis ! the cop ! Dennis rush to the window -- ext . the smith ' house -- cul do sac -- day Mike Welch climb out of the patrol car and key he shoulder mike as he appraise the house -- welch ( into he radio mike ) they have to go through the yard at 455 Castle Way . I be go to approach . Welch slowly move up the walk toward the front door -- int . the entry -- day Dennis shove Jennifer to the door -- dennis open it ! you remember I be right here ! ext . the house -- with welch Welch be halfway up the walk when the door open and Jennifer , clearly terrify , peer out . Welch hesitates -- welch ( into he mike ) teenage female open the front door . ( to Jennifer ) miss , I find a abandon vehicle on the other side of you wall . do three young man run through the area ? Jennifer do not answer . her eye fill until two huge tear roll down she cheek . Welch grow uneasy . something be wrong , but he do not know what . he stay where he be -- welch ( cont 'd ) miss ? jennifer I do not . . . see anyone . Welch stare into Jennifer 's eye , pointedly shifting he gaze to ask the silent question : be they here ? int . walter' office -- mar and kevin be peer out the shutter when -- Mars suddenly shout -- mar he 's go for he gun ! Mars open fire , shoot through the window as -- dennis kick the door close and fire through the door , Jennifer scream , as -- ext . the house -- day -- mike welch tumble backward , struggle weakly to pull he gun as blood bubbles in he mouth . he try to rise , but can not -- welch ( into he radio ) Officer down . Jesus , I have be shot . radio voice Mike ? Mike , what do you say ?! Mike Welch blink at the sky , but cannot answer -- int . bristo camino police department -- day it 's the kind of small - town police facility you might expect : a general room with desk and computer , a coffee machine , and a desk officer who think that crime be two teenager egging a house . the camera establish the low - key atmosphere , during which it find a glass door label J. Talley , chief of police -- int . talley' office -- day Jeff Talley be behind the desk , he voice mute because he be lock in a painful phone conversation -- talley ( into phone ) it 's really hard , Jane . this be not the way I want it . int . jane's kitchen -- day Jane Talley be a attractive woman in she mid-thirty . she have the efficient manner of a register nurse , which she be , and right now she 's use all of she professional detachment to keep herself together -- jane ( into phone ) no ? then whose idea be it for you take a job in the middle of nowhere ? intercut Talley , who consider the photograph that decorate he wall : Shots of Talley in happier time with Jane and they teenage daughter , amanda ; Talley as a young swat officer ; the frame headline from the bristo weekly Standard proclaim : ex- swat cop new bristo chief ! talley I need to work out some stuff . jane you be hide , Jeffrey . you be hide from the job and you be hide from I . talley I still see that boy 's eye . Jane soften ; she know that a part of he be in terrible pain . but she 's in pain , too -- jane that happen a year ago . you have be go for almost six month . how long do you have to punish yourself for something that be not you fault ? Talley study the picture of he wife and daughter . he focus on amanda -- talley be amanda there ? Jane cup the phone and call to she daughter . amanda enter and go to the refrigerator . she 's fifteen and carry the weight of a seriously bad attitude -- jane ( to amanda ) it 's dad . he want to speak with you . amanda ( do not even glance over ) I be gonna see he later . jane ( back to Talley ) she have to go to the bathroom . Jane turn away and lower she voice , not want amanda to hear -- jane ( cont 'd ) you be not only punish yourself , Jeff . amanda and I be in this , too . Talley know , and he hurt like hell because of it -- talley can we talk some more when you get here ? jane we will see you in a couple of hour . Jane hang up without wait for a response , then close she eye , try hard to keep herself together . amanda I do not wanna go up there . I want to stay here with my friend . jane pack you thing . you be go . Jane stalk away without a glance back , and amanda angrily flip off she mother -- with talley he be clearly shake by the call , but he thought be interrupt when he assistant , a older woman name Louise vance , burst in -- louise Mike 's be shot ! someone shot junior Kim , too -- Talley come around he desk -- talley what be you talk about , shot ? what happen ? louise Three white male shot junior . Mike follow they to York estate -- talley where be they ? louise York estate . four-five - five Castle Way . ander and jorgenson be on the way . Talley charge out -- ext . york estate -- castle way -- day Talley wheel into a wide , spacious cul - de-sac line with expensive estate home , and pull up behind another radio car . ander and jorgenson be crouch in the street -- bullet snap into Talley 's windshield , star the glass -- talley sonofabitch . Talley scramble out of he car -- ext . the smith ' house -- talley' car -- day Talley take cover behind he front wheel . ander and jorgenson be young guy ; they have never work a high - crime area ; they have never make a felony arrest ; and right now they be scared shitless . Mike Welch lie on the smith ' front lawn , forty foot away -- ander Welch be down ! they shot he ! jorgenson we think it 's the three guy who rob Kim 's . talley be civilian inside ? jorgenson he say something about a girl -- talley holster you gun ! another shot crack from the house as we hear the faint wail of approach siren . Talley edge around he car , try to see Welch -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( call ) Mike ! Mike , can you hear I ? ander I think he 's dead ! talley do not shout , Larry . I be three foot away . Talley consider the situation and come up with a plan -- talley ( cont 'd ) we have to cordon off the street , then evacuate this house . jorgenson what be we go to do about Mike ? talley keep you head down . Talley scramble back into he car . he back up , then power the car up the drive and onto the front lawn -- with welch Talley roar to a stop between Welch and the house , use the car as a shield . more shot ping off he car as Talley climb out -- talley how you do , buddy ? you still alive ? Welch moan . his shirt be soak with blood where the bullet catch he beneath he vest . Talley can not waste time . the siren be closer now -- talley ( cont 'd ) Jesus . you hang on . Talley hoist Welch into the backseat , then dive behind the wheel . he fishtail off the lawn and up the street -- ext . the cul -de -sac intersection -- day the ambulance wait as Talley power to a stop -- talley he 's in the backseat ! paramedics pull Mike Welch from the car as Talley get out . he can see into the cul - de-sac from here , where ander and jorgenson still hunker behind they car . Talley key he radio -- talley ( cont 'd ) this be Talley . who 's on ? his radio crackle with overlap voice -- talley ( cont 'd ) one at a time ! clear the air ! ( as they settle ) Louise ? talk to I . what do we have ? louise's voice junior Kim be doa at the hospital . frantic voice once more overlap -- cop voice what about Mike ? be Welch alive ? what happen ? talley ( forcefully ) quiet ! I want radio discipline . ( as they quiet ) Mike 's hang in . Larry , jorgy ? listen up . jorgenson's voice go , Chief . talley find out who life at four-five - five . we gotta know who 's in there . louise's voice Chief ? Mike say a young girl answer the door . talley do he say if she be shoot at he ? louise's voice ( hesitant ) he do not say . talley then we do not know if she 's part of this or not . mickey , you up ? mikkelson's voice we be out two minute , I and dreyer . talley Mike find a red pickup abandon on flander . you see it ? mikkelson's voice it 's right in front of we . talley run a dmv on the plate for the owner 's name . louise's voice I pull mickey and dreyer off the minimart . talley Jesus Christ , Louise , we can not leave a crime scene like that . put a unit out there . louise's voice we only have eight officer on duty , Chief . more siren be approach , but they help seem too little , too late . Talley stare up the cul - de-sac at the smith ' house as if this be a terrible nightmare -- talley ( to himself ) that 's not enough . louise what 's that , Chief ? say again . talley get everyone out here . then call the sheriff . tell they we have a possible hostage situation . int . walter smith's office -- day gunsmoke fill the air . Kevin be freaking . he throw a magazine at Mars -- kevin we could have go out the back ! you do not have to shoot ! dennis stop it ! they find the truck , kev ! they be already behind we ! kevin we should give up . all we be do be make it worse . jennifer get out of we house ! her voice cut through the din . Jennifer and Thomas be huddle with they father on the floor , Jennifer 's arm cross to cover herself -- walter ( softly ) quiet , jen. jennifer why do not they go ?! why do not they leave we alone and go ?! Dennis charge up to she , scream and wave he gun -- dennis shut up ! shut the fuck up ! walter Smith slowly stand -- walter none of you will get out of this . Dennis spin toward walter , leveling he gun -- dennis stay down ! stay down , goddamnit ! walter I be go to my desk . dennis you be not goin ' anywhere ! get on the fuckin ' floor ! Dennis raise the gun to walter 's face . walter be in complete command of himself and nowhere near scared , but Jennifer grab he leg -- jennifer daddy , do not ! walter ( casually ; to Dennis ) take it easy , son . I be only go to my desk . walter ease past Dennis , who do not know what to do -- dennis get on the floor ! walter I have contact in Los Angeles . lawyer and judge who can help you . walter slip open the center drawer . Dennis think that walter might go for a gun . he scream louder and aim between walter 's eye -- dennis I will fuckin ' kill you ! jennifer and thomas daddy ! please ! walter check that the computer disk be in the disk case . we can see they name clearly : marlon and al . he drop the case into the drawer , then lift out a thick booklet -- walter this be every criminal lawyer in California . if you give up now , right now , I will buy you the best lawyer in the state . Dennis slap the book aside , even more angry -- dennis we just kill a cop ! we kill a fat chinaman ! we will get the death penalty ! Dennis suddenly scream at Mars and Kevin -- dennis ( cont 'd ) Mars , watch the cop ! Kevin ! watch the back of the house ! walter you will not die if you let I help . dennis bullshit ! walter but if you stay in this house , I can promise you this -- dennis ( shouting over he ) shut up ! shut up and get on the floor ! walter you can not imagine the fuck you be go to get . Dennis snap . he swing the gun hard and smashes walter on the temple . walter drop like a rock . jennifer leave he alone !! Jennifer rush to she father 's side , but walter 's out cold -- ext . talley' car -- the intersection -- a few minute later Talley be at he car with ander and two other officer , leigh metzger , a woman in she early thirty , and cliff Campbell , a slender guy who look like a retire security cop . Talley be get information report both in person and over the radio -- ander ( refer to note ) the house belong to walter and pamela Smith . they have get two kid , a girl about fifteen and a boy young , Jennifer and Thomas . talley that would be the girl who open the door . be the other inside ? ander the mother be in Florida visit she sister . the father work at home , so he 's probably inside . Talley key he mike -- talley ( into he mike ) Louise ? louise's voice go , Chief . talley get a phone number for the smith . mikkelson's voice ( from the radio ) Chief , mikkelson . talley go , mickey . mikkelson's voice the truck be register to Dennis James rooney , white male , twenty - two . he have a agua dulce address . talley contact the landlord . I want to know employment , friend , family , anything we can find out about this guy . a news helicopter swoops overhead in a tight turn . the cop look up -- campbell what in hell be that ? talley ( grimly ) News hawk . there will be more . they monitor we frequency . Talley realize that he officer be stare at the helicopter as if they have never see one ; this people have never deal with a crime this large , and have probably never even see a felon . Talley key the mike again -- talley ( cont 'd ) everyone be cool . that 's we job right now -- stabilize the situation and do not let thing get out of hand . all we have to do be hang on until the sheriff take over . that 's all we have to do . no one look particularly convinced -- metzger how do we do that ? talley that 's my job , metzger . that 's why I get the big buck . Talley put away he mike -- int . walter' office -- day Jennifer and Thomas be bent over they father , want to help but not know how . walter 's eye flicker as if he 's dream , and the lump on he head be bleed -- jennifer he 's not waking up . he should be awake . Jennifer abruptly stand and face Dennis -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) he need a doctor . dennis shut up and sit down . you think someone 's gonna make a house call ? Jennifer be scared -- really , really scared -- but she do not sit down . both Dennis and Mars be stare at she . she feel naked and vulnerable . she cross she arm again -- jennifer at least let I get some ice for he head . Dennis finally relent and shrug at Mars -- dennis make sure Kevin be not fuck off back there . Jennifer hurry out as Mars follow -- int . the kitchen -- day Jennifer go to the counter . Kevin be at the french door , nervous and scared ; Mars be a dark shadow behind she -- she kneel to a low cabinet when Mars kick it shut -- mar I think you want ice . Mars tower over she , he groin inch from she face -- jennifer I be get a wash cloth for the ice . Mars gaze down at she , enjoy he size and power . he step closer , bring he groin closer to he face . Jennifer stand , hold she arm across she breast -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) please get away from I . kevin ( from the background ) Mars ? what be you do ? Kevin 's intrusion shatter the moment . Jennifer quickly snatch a wash cloth from the cabinet , then take a ice tray from the freezer and bring it back to the counter -- as Jennifer put ice in the wash cloth , she see the pare knife that she use for the sandwich partially hide by paper towel -- she glance at Kevin , but cannot see Mars ; he 's at the refrigerator behind she . Jennifer slowly reach for the knife -- mar hey . Jennifer freeze , terrify . she push the knife behind the cuisinart to hide it , then turn . Mars be offer she a beer . mar ( cont 'd ) want one ? jennifer I do not drink beer . mar mommy will not know . you can do anything you want right now . mommy will not know . jennifer what I want be to help my father . Jennifer hurry past he and disappear down the hall . even as she leave the phone start ringing -- int . walter' office -- day the phone seem to ring louder here . Dennis stand over it , watch the phone as if it 's alive . the phone ring again and again . finally , he answer -- dennis hello ? ext . talley' car -- in the cul -de - sac -- day Talley be once more behind he car . he 's on he cell phone , with jorgenson nearby -- talley ( into he phone ) my name be Jeff Talley . be this Dennis rooney ? intercut Dennis on the phone in walter 's office -- dennis you with the cop ? talley the bristo Police Department . look out the window . you see the car ? Dennis peer through the shutter -- dennis yeah . I be rooney . talley we have a awful lot of shoot . you need a doctor in there ? Dennis shoot a guilty glance at walter , then lie -- dennis we be cool . talley let I speak to Mr. Smith . I want to hear it from he . dennis fuck you . I be run this shit . you talk to I . talley how about you two friend ? you do not have a man die in there , do you ? dennis they be fine . Talley cup the phone to tell jorgenson -- talley all three subject be confirm inside . call off the house - to-house . ( back to the phone ) okay , Dennis , I want to explain you situation -- dennis ( interrupt ) you do not have to explain shit ! that chinaman pull a gun . we wrestle for it . that chinaman shot himself . talley Mr. Kim do not make it , Dennis . he die . dennis how about the cop ? talley Dennis ? I want you to release that people . dennis fuck that . they be the only thing stop you from blow we away . talley we be not come in there by force , okay ? no one want to hurt you . dennis I get this people ! you try to come get I , I will kill every fuckin ' one of they ! the phone click in Talley 's ear as Dennis slam down the phone -- int . walter' office -- at that moment Dennis be livid with fear and rage . he pace through the office like a trap cat -- dennis that fuckin' chinaman be dead ! that 's murder - one , dude . that 's the needle ! Kevin appear in the entry , draw by Dennis 's rave -- dennis ( cont 'd ) get back where you belong , asshole ! Mars , keep and eye on the cop ; I gotta find a way out of here -- Dennis shove Kevin out of the office and stalk after he -- int . downstair hall -- day Kevin dog along beside Dennis , speak softly so that Mars do not overhear -- kevin I have to tell you something -- dennis we gotta find a way outta here be what we gotta do ! kevin it 's about Mars -- they reach the master bedroom suite , a huge room with slide glass door that overlook the pool -- kevin ( cont 'd ) that cop do not pull he gun . Mars lie . he just start shoot ! dennis bullshit . why would Mars do that ? kevin I be there , Dennis ! I see ! it 's like he want to shoot that cop . dennis you be be stupid . check out the bathroom . maybe we can sneak out a window -- Dennis shove Kevin toward the bathroom , then step into -- int . the security closet -- day one side be fill with rack of clothes , but the opposite side be a industrial bank of video monitor show a dozen view of the house , both inside and out -- Dennis see this stuff and stop in he track , awed -- dennis kev. Kevin step in beside he . kevin Jesus . what be this ? dennis be you totally stupid ? what do it look like ? one monitor show Mars and the smith in the office , another the kitchen , another Jennifer 's room , another the front of the house , the rear , the side - - every room and most of the exterior can be see -- dennis ( cont 'd ) look , that 's the master bedroom out here . Dennis go out into the master , look for the camera , and appear on the bedroom monitor -- kevin I can see you ! Dennis step back into the closet , and this time he examine the door . he close it enough to reveal thick throw - bolt -- dennis dude , this be solid steel . they gotta be hide something . Dennis glance over to he brother , and find Kevin on he knee with two black travel bag beneath the clothes -- kevin Dennis -- Kevin push the clothes aside to reveal a open bag . it 's fill with hundred dollar bill . Dennis kneel beside he brother and open the second bag . it 's fill with hundred dollar bill , too -- dennis go get Mars . int . mrs . pena' family room -- day -- on a television we be watch a grainy black and white security tape of junior Kim 's robbery / homicide . it show Kim behind the counter as Dennis and Mars enter -- mikkelson one in front be Dennis James rooney . Talley , mikkelson , dreyer , and ander be watch the tape , which be currently be play in the home of Mrs. estelle pena , who life two block from the smith . mikkelson be a tall , strong woman ; dreyer be she opposite , a short , dumpy man -- mikkelson ( cont 'd ) Dennis have a young brother , Kevin Paul - - that 's he enter now , the third guy . talley have Dennis do time ? mikkelson just pull thirty day for misdemeanor burglary . he show car theft , shoplift , and DUI . Talley step closer to the television , and tap Mars -- talley who 's this ? dreyer we do not know . talley have still print make from the tape . show the landlord . maybe we can get a fast id . Talley look closer . with the way Mars be position , we can see part of the tattoo on he head -- talley ( cont 'd ) here on he head . be that a tattoo ? mikkelson I can not make it out . talley say ... burn it . on the tape , Kim slump to the floor . Dennis vault across the counter and run to the door . Mars , however , calmly pick up Kim 's gun and lean across the counter . we could not see this before , but now we see a strange smile play over he face -- dreyer what 's he do ? talley he 's watch Kim die . Talley watch Mars , and know that this guy be seriously disturb . he be still watch the tape when leigh metzger call from the door -- metzger Chief ? Talley turn . metzger be with amanda and Jane -- ext . mrs . pena' house -- day Talley , Jane , and amanda be walk to the street . amanda be excited ; she think this be cool -- amanda be man with gun really barricade in a house ? talley just around the corner and up that street . see the helicopter ? five news chopper now hover high over the house . the crime scene be only two block away . Close . jane wait by the car , Mandy . give I a minute with dad . they wait until amanda be go , then -- talley ( apologize ) I should have call . this thing break right after we speak , then everything happen so fast -- jane do not worry about it . how be you do ? talley the sheriff will take over when they get here . jane but they be not here yet . tell I about you . Jane touch he arm -- jane ( cont 'd ) Jesus , you be shaking . self -conscious , Talley move away so that he 's out of reach -- talley why do not you guy grab some dinner at the thai place ? I will meet you there as soon as I can . jane you sure ? talley I do not know how long I will be stick here . jane I be in no rush . maybe later we can talk . Talley give she a gentle nod , then watch she walk away until -- talley Jane ? she turn back , she eye ask ' what ? ' talley ( cont 'd ) I be scared shitless . jane that 's okay . I love you anyway . Talley and Jane share the moment , and then she walk away . ext . york estate -- day a news chopper swing by overhead bring we to the main entrance of York estate . the entrance have be block , and car be be turn away , so traffic be back up both way along the street -- int . glen howell' car -- day Glen howell be a nice-look man in he early forty : Sport coat , gold rolex , deep tan . he hammer the horn of he mercede s600 sedan , but it do no good ; traffic be freeze -- a news van try to work up the line pull alongside , then get jamme by the crunch like everyone else . howell roll down the window -- howell hey , you guy know what 's go on ? a attractive asian - american reporter lean from she window to answer -- reporter Three man take a family hostage . howell Jesus , no shit ? my client life in there . the reporter check she note -- reporter it 's a family name Smith , walter and pamela Smith . do you know they ? howell stare at she emptily , then shake he head -- howell no . no , I do not know they . thanks for you time . howell pull a u-turn to get out of traffic . he flip open he cell phone and press the speed dial -- howell ( cont 'd ) ( into he phone ) we have a problem out here . int . sonny benia' office -- palm spring -- day we're in a palatial home on the ridge overlook Palm Springs . on the cut , sonny benza , phil tuzee , and Charlie Fischer be watch tv news coverage of the situation in bristo camino -- tuzee worst case , it 's a bloodbath . the detective come out with Smith 's computer , and we go directly to jail , do not pass go . benza maybe Glen already pick up the disk . tuzee I take the call from Glen personally . they be still in Smith 's house . Fischer try be positive -- fischer maybe we be get too dramatic . it 's three kid . they will give up , the cop will arrest they , and that 's that . why would they search the house ? benza you think we should take that chance ? fischer ( on the spot ) I guess not . benza I guess not , too . how much information be in the house ? tuzee Smith be cooking the book for the IRS . that mean he have it all : the cash flow , where it come from , how we launder it , we split with the East . fischer it 's on two computer disk he call marlon and Al . benza what , he 's cute ? that 's he idea of humor ? fischer if the fed get that disk , the East Coast be gonna take a hit , too . you should let they know . benza no way . I tell they , that Old man be gonna handle this from back there . tuzee you should warn they , sonny . benza fuck they ! now get you head in the game , phil - - we have to handle this . benza turn back to the television -- benza ( cont 'd ) put we people on the scene . Smith might talk just to cut a break for he kid . tuzee he know better than that . benza bullshit - - a man will do anything to save he family . who 's run the show up there ? fischer they have a chief of police , a guy name Talley . I see he be interview . the television suddenly show Talley make a statement . he look tired and haggard -- fischer ( point ) hey , that 's he . that 's Talley right there ! benza study Talley , then look at he lieutenant -- benza find out how we can hurt he . by the end of the day , I want to own he . tuzee it 's happen right now . that 's exactly what benza want to hear . ext . the desert rose motel -- day a low -rent motel on the road between bristo camino and newhall . Glen howell 's mercede be park on the side , along with several other car . it 's late - afternoon go into evening . the sun be sink fast -- int . howell' room -- day howell be be brief by he operator , four man and two woman . there 's a minimum of bullshit ; this people be professional -- Ken seymore be a intense , compact man who talk fast -- seymore L.A. County sheriff be inbound from a bank robbery in pico rivera . howell give I a eta . seymore a hour , top . might be sooner . duane manelli speak up -- manelli when the sheriff get here , how many we look at ? seymore ( check he note ) a command team , a negotiate team , a tactical team -- the tac team include a perimeter team , the assault team , sniper , and breacher -- thirty - five new body . howell how many local ? gayle devarona , one of the woman , lean forward -- devarona fourteen officer and two civilian . I have they name and most of they address . she toss a yellow legal pad onto the table -- howell and Talley ? devarona married but separate , ex -lapd . the fam do not live here , but they be come up today . I get he address there . manelli the cop I talk to , they say Talley be a hostage negotiator in LA . devarona his last three year on the job . before that , he be swat . Mike Ruiz join in -- ruiz how 's a swat negotiator make it up here to this shithole ? devarona I make he for a stress release . howell good work , gayle - - everybody . now stay ahead of the curve . I want to know everything that happen before it happen . I will cover Talley . howell tear Talley 's address off the yellow pad . this meeting be over -- seymore what if it go south ? howell what do you mean ? seymore if thing get wet , we be go to need someone who can handle that end . howell you worry about you end . I get my side cover . howell tuck the address in he pocket and go to the door . ext . donut shop -- newhall , california -- night the sun have set . the do nut shop glow greasily at the end of a strip mall . it be empty except for the overweight woman behind the counter and a lone man seat at a window booth -- int . the donut shop -- night the man in the booth be name marion clewe . he 's a average look guy , more or less , except for the strange cant to he right eye and the thin black tie he wear over he white J. c. penney shirt . his jacket do not fit quite right , but not so much as you would notice . marion could disappear into a crowd just by be so ordinary . that 's the point . a fat black desert fly , heavy with juice and thorny with coarse hair , buzze past -- marion watch it , only he eye move -- the fly land in the sprinkle of sugar on the table -- marion watch it , then , suddenly , with no warning , he hand flash out , slamm down on the table . he hold he hand in place , feel for movement , then slowly peek under he hand -- the fly ooze sideways , leg kick , try to walk . one wing beat furiously ; the other be break -- marion examine he hand . a smear of fly goo and a single black leg streak he third finger . marion touch he tongue to the smear -- the woman behind the counter watch this , she eye widen with disgust -- marion hold the fly in place with he leave index finger , and use he right to break away another leg . he eat this leg , too -- the woman disappear into the rear -- headlights flash across the glass , and marion swivel around to see howell 's mercede pull up -- marion carefully push the still - alive fly aside as Glen howell take a seat across from he . howell put the yellow slip with Talley 's address on the table -- howell Talley life here . I do not know if the place have security or not . marion it will not be a problem . howell he have a wife and kid . that 's how we will get to he . marion okey-doke . howell we have to own this guy , marion . we do not want he dead ; we need to use he . marion put Talley 's address into he pocket . marion can we make he dead after we use he ? Glen howell slide out of the booth without answer . marion creep he out -- howell whatever you want . page I when you be do . howell start away , then turn back -- howell ( cont 'd ) donut here any good ? marion I do not eat junk food . howell frown like he might have know , then walk away . marion turn back to the fly -- it lay there , still , until marion prod it . the remain wing flutter -- marion break off the remain wing and eat that , too . ext . command STREET -- night Talley and leigh metzger stride through a pool of street light as she report -- metzger pacbell show six line into the house . they block all six like you want . talley I have the only number that can call into the house ? metzger yes , sir . they will only accept call from you cell . talley Way to go . they arrive at Larry ander , who be wait at he car with a slim , nervous cement contractor name Brad dill -- ander Chief , this be Brad dill . Dennis and Kevin work for he . dill I do not know anything about this . I do not know what they be gonna do . talley Mr. dill , this prick do not know what they be go to do until they do it . I want you to take a look at something . metzger hold out a still picture that be make from junior Kim 's security tape -- talley ( cont 'd ) can you identify this man ? dill that would be Mars krupchek . Jesus , he work for I , too . talley ( to metzger ) have Louise run the name ' Mars krupchek ' through dmv and ncic . tell she to list the tattoo as a identifier . metzger hurry away as Talley turn back to dill -- talley ( cont 'd ) be krupchek a aggressive guy ? hot - tempere ? anything like that ? dill keeps to himself , more like . talley you have he address ? dill pretty sure I do . yeah , here we go -- dill pull out a tatter address book . Talley hand the book to ander , who copy the address -- talley ( to ander ) call the palmdale City Attorney for a telephonic search warrant . when you get the warrant , have mikkelson and dreyer search he house . ander yes , sir . ander turn away as metzger call from Mrs. pena 's door -- metzger Chief ! the sheriff be ten minute out ! Talley have want to hear that , but now he sense of relief be tempere by something he do not expect : loss . Talley key he shoulder mike -- talley ( into he radio ) Louise ? louise's voice go , Chief . talley call Jane for I . she 's at the little thai place . louise's voice I know the one . talley tell she I be almost home . int . smith's security closet -- night Dennis be on the floor with the money , touch it , feel it , smell it . Mars be stand over he , profoundly unmove -- dennis there 's gotta be a million buck here . maybe two million ! Mars turn away from the money to consider the monitor and the door -- mar it 's a safety room . if anyone break into you house , you can hide . dennis who give a shit , Mars ? check out the cash ! we be rich . mar we be trap in a house . Mars walk away -- int . downstair hall -- night Dennis and Mars be return to the front of the house , Dennis irritate at Mars 's lack of enthusiasm -- dennis we can take it with we . mar you can not run with suitcase . Dennis grab Mars by the arm , stop he -- dennis then we will stuff it up we ass . this be the payoff . this be every dream you ever have , all in that two bag . Mars continue on without respond , Dennis angrily follow -- int . walter' office -- night Kevin be grimly watch news coverage of they standoff as Mars and Dennis enter . a female anchor be report on the event at York estate with Dennis 's book photo cut into the picture -- anchor ( from the tube ) -- think to be Dennis James rooney . rooney be recently release from the antelope Valley correctional Institute where he serve time for robbery . Dennis spot himself on television and break into a big smile -- dennis ( thrilled ) check I out ! I look like fuckin' jon bon jovi. Kevin be anything but thrilled -- kevin everyone know what we look like , Dennis . we will not be able to hide . dennis Jesus , first Mars , now you . you two need anti-depressant . across the room , walter Smith shudder and moan ; he face be swollen and cover with clammy sweat -- Jennifer be sick with worry and can not stand see she father like this -- jennifer my father need a doctor . please . dennis hey , I have get a situation here , in case you have not notice . jennifer all you be do be watch yourself on tv . look at he . dennis use more ice . jennifer I be get a doctor ! Jennifer lurch to she foot and run toward the front door . Dennis catch she in two step and backhand she exactly the way he old man use to smack he old lady , knock she to the floor -- thomas Jen !!! Thomas charge into Dennis like a angry midget . Kevin jump between they -- kevin stop it ! stop it , Dennis ! Jesus ! Mars step forward and jerk Thomas into the air . Mars ' physical presence be suddenly so impose that everyone stop fight -- mar ( quietly ) we should tie they . we can put they upstairs out of the way . it take Dennis a moment to come up to speed with that , but then he nod -- dennis that 's right . that 's a good idea , Mars . mar ( to Kevin ) find something : extension cord , rope , wire - - we will have to tie they tight . dennis find something , Kevin . do not just stand there . ( wave at walter ) and tie this bastard , too . I do not want he waking up and goin ' rambo on we . Mars nod he approval . subtly , there be the beginning of a shift in power -- int . jennifer' bedroom -- night Mars push Jennifer inside . Kevin follow she with duct tape and a couple of extension cord . Mars , hold Thomas , pause in the hall -- mar tie she to the chair . I will take care of the window when I finish with the boy . Mars disappear with Thomas down the hall . Jennifer stand by the chair , arm once more cross over she breast . Kevin can see that she 's scared . he take a T-shirt from where she 's leave it on the floor and hand it to she -- kevin here . put this on . she pull it over she head -- kevin ( cont 'd ) you gotta pee ? jennifer I do not see why you can not just lock I in . it 's not like I can go anywhere . kevin either I be go to tie you or Mars will tie you . which do you want ? Jennifer sit . Kevin pull she hand behind the back of the chair . as he tie she , Jennifer decide that if any of they can be reach , it 's Kevin -- jennifer thanks for the shirt . kevin whatever . jennifer Kevin , my father need a doctor . kevin he 's just knock out . I have be knock out . jennifer if my father die they will charge you with he murder . can not you make Dennis see that ? Kevin lean back . he know she 's right , but he do not believe he can do anything about it -- kevin I can not make Dennis see anything . a shadow move behind Kevin . it 's Mars , stand in the door . he hold up a wick claw hammer -- mar look what I find . he enter and test at Jennifer 's bind -- mar ( cont 'd ) you tie she like a pussy . make it tight . as Kevin rety the binding , Mars rip the phone from the wall . he smashes the phone jack with the hammer , crush it . then he go to the window and drive a heavy nail into the sill , nail the window close -- Mars return to Jennifer and once more check she bind -- mar ( cont 'd ) better . he tear off a strip of duct tape and press it over she mouth -- kevin make sure she can breathe . Mars rub he finger hard over the tape cover she mouth . he massage the tape into she skin , slow , sensual -- mar go downstairs , Kevin . Jennifer look at Kevin , she eye plead that he not leave , but Kevin be cow ; he leave -- Jennifer look back at Mars -- Mars lean close to she . she be terrify that he be go to kiss she , but , instead , he sniff , smell she -- mar ( cont 'd ) I want to show you something . Mars hook the claw hammer under he shirt and lift to expose he chest . a large tattoo in flow script be line across he body : a mother 's Son . mar ( cont 'd ) it cost two hundred forty dollar , but I be happy to spend it . I love my mom . you see this ? Mars point out hard gray knot that speckle he chest as if he be disease . he finger the lump sensuously as if touch they excite he -- mar ( cont 'd ) my mom burn I with cigarettes . Jennifer be both disgust and terrify . Mars stare at she emptily for another moment , then lower he shirt and leave without another word . int . thomas' room -- night the room be dark . Thomas be tie firmly to the bed . the cord cut into Thomas 's wrist and Thomas can not reach the knot , but Mars make one mistake : he tie Thomas to the headboard post , and one of the newel have be loose for year -- Thomas stretch against the rope to reach the newel , then twist it back and forth . he work it harder and harder until the newel slide off its pin , and suddenly he hand be free , though still tie to the newel -- Thomas peel the tape from he mouth , then unty the remain bind and frees himself from the newel . he slip off he bed and crawl along the wall to he closet -- int . thomas' closet -- night a service hatch that open into the attic crawlspace be build into the wall beneath Thomas 's clothes . Thomas pry open the hatch , then reach inside for a small flashlight . he flick it on , then climb into the eave of the roof -- int . crawlspace -- night the crawlspace be a long triangular tunnel that follow the edge of the roof . it be build for plumber and air conditioning technician , but Thomas have take the space for he own : Witness the stack of penthouse , picture of sport heroes tack to the rafter , and old soda can strewn between the joist -- Thomas scurries quietly through the tunnel , head for -- int . jennifer' closet -- night Thomas push through a hatch identical to the one in he own closet , then creep to the door -- thomas ( whisper ) Jen ! int . jennifer' room -- night Jennifer twist around to see he , mumble through the tape -- thomas sit still ! if they be in the security room , they can see you on the monitor . Jennifer quiet . Thomas slip out of the closet and creep toward she along the wall -- thomas ( cont 'd ) I figure out what this camera can see last year when Mom and dad go to Lake arrowhead . it can not see I over here , but it 's look at you , so do not move ! Thomas reach up from behind Jennifer and jerk the tape off she mouth -- jennifer ow ! shit ! thomas be quiet ! listen ! Thomas be hide behind Jennifer so that the camera can not see he -- jennifer no one 's come . thomas that big asshole nail my window . jennifer mine , too . thomas we can use the crawlspace to get downstairs . then we can run for it . jennifer no ! I be not go to leave daddy with they ! Thomas think about that and decide that he can not leave they father , either -- thomas we can not carry he . jennifer you go , Thomas . you get out , and I will stay with daddy . thomas I be not gonna leave you ! jennifer go ! if you get out , maybe you can help the police ! Thomas suddenly realize what he have to do -- thomas we will all go , Jennifer . all of we or none of we . I know where daddy keep a gun . Jennifer jerk so hard that she almost tip over the chair -- jennifer ( loud ) you leave that gun alone ! thomas shh , they will hear you ! jennifer ( louder ) better than you get kill ! do not touch that gun ! daddy say -- Thomas slap the tape back over she mouth . Jennifer struggle helplessly as Thomas slip back into the closet , and be go -- ext . york estate -- STREET -- night the sheriff 's crisis response team roll through the street like a invade army : a brown sedan lead a huge van know as the mobile Command Post , which be follow by a sheriff 's swat support vehicle , two swat suburban , and four radio unit . pool of light from the helicopter follow they progress -- ext . command STREET -- night Talley walk out to meet the lead vehicle as the convoy stop . up and down the row , uniform sheriff pile out of they vehicle and off -load they gear -- two people climb out of the lead car : will maddox , a bespectacle African - american sheriff 's swat negotiator , and Captain Laura Martin , the crt commander -- talley I be Talley . who 's in charge ? martin Laura Martin . this be will maddox , the primary negotiator -- maddox be the perimeter around the house secure ? talley I have get fourteen officer on my department include I . we be as secure as we can be . maddox ( to Martin ) permission to deploy the line ? martin do it . talley ( to maddox ) do not crowd the house . the alpha 's a kid name rooney . he 's amp up and volatile . maddox turn away to bark order into he shoulder mike -- martin sound like you know the job . talley I have do it once or twice . I block they phone to income call , so you will have to cut in a hard line to talk to he . martin ( over she shoulder ) maddox ! you get that ? maddox do it now ! martin ( back to Talley ) I would like you to brief my supervisor before we take over the scene . talley whatever you want . Talley and Martin hurry toward she troops -- int . the smith ' garage -- night the garage be dark , light only by the light that come from the kitchen 's open door , as Dennis , Mars and a reluctant Kevin enter -- kevin someone should stay with Mr. Smith . what if he wake up ? dennis ( annoyed ) that 's why we tie he , dumbass . now come here and see this -- Dennis show they a small casement window , and push open the window to reveal a thick hedge -- dennis ( cont 'd ) ( excited ) this bush follow the wall into the neighbor 's yard . all we need be some kind of diversion and we be home free . kevin that 's crazy , Dennis . the cop will see we . dennis not if they be look at something else . kevin like what ? mar let 's burn the house . Mars say it so simply that the moment be freeze . Mars be hold the big claw hammer , knead it as if it be a live thing . his face be mask by shadow , but he eye both glow as if already reflect flame -- int . crawlspace above the laundry room -- night we see Dennis , Kevin , and Mars through a slit overhead as they emerge from the garage and move back into the house -- Thomas be watch they . he have crack open the service hatch in the laundry room ceiling to make sure that he way be clear -- int . laundry room -- night the room be dark . when Dennis and the other be go , the ceiling hatch lift , and Thomas let himself down . he slide onto the wash machine and then to the floor -- Thomas cup one hand over he flashlight and turn it on . he let light leak through he finger so that he can see . the beam cut across a door to the garage , car key on key hook , and Jennifer 's purse hang from one of the hook -- int . hobby room -- night this be a small room off the end of the laundry with a work bench , a stool , and shelf above the bench for walter 's hobby supplies -- Thomas shine the light over the shelf , spot the hard plastic pistol case on the high shelf . that 's the target ; that 's the goal -- Thomas use the stool to climb onto the bench -- int . master bedroom -- night Dennis be in the doorway to the security closet , hand out one of the money bag to Kevin -- kevin we can not carry all this . it 's too heavy . dennis I have be carry you we whole fuckin ' life . Kevin drop the bag and try to reason with he brother -- kevin everything we be do be make it worse . you can not let he burn this house . Dennis abruptly grab Kevin by the throat , he face hard with fury -- dennis nothing 's worse than listen to you . I be warning you , Kevin -- stop hold I back . now you pick up that fuckin ' money and get ready to go . Dennis glare at Kevin another moment , then let go and step back into the closet -- int . the closet -- night Dennis lift the second bag of cash when the monitor catch he eye : the sheriff swat unit can be see move into position . Dennis totally freak -- dennis they be come ! kev , Mars , they be come !!! Dennis drop the cash and bolt out of the closet -- int . kitchen -- night Mars be place two bucket of gasoline in the hall as Dennis and Kevin pound down the hall -- dennis the cop be comin ' ! mar I get the gasoline -- dennis we do not have time ! Dennis run to the french door . he see light at the rear of the property and shoot through the glass -- dennis ( cont 'd ) get the kid ! they be we only chance ! Dennis fire again and run for the stair -- int . hobby room -- night Thomas be strain to reach the pistol which be a fraction of a inch beyond he grasp when he hear Dennis shouting -- Thomas glance helplessly at the gun case -- so near , yet so far -- then scramble off the bench and -- int . laundry room -- night Thomas be climb onto the wash machine when he once more see Jennifer 's purse hang on a key hook -- Thomas jump from the washer , grab the purse , then scramble into the ceiling as gunshot echo through the house -- ext . command STREET -- night Martin , maddox , and she supervisor be gather around Talley when the gunshot crack across the neighborhood -- talley ( startle ) who 's that shoot ? Martin , what 's go on ? Radio transmission crackle over Martin 's radio -- radio voice Shots fire ! we be take fire on the back wall ! Talley immediately know what 's happen , and he know why -- talley they be too close ! I tell you not to crowd he ! pull back you people ; do not breach that house ! Talley sprint toward the cul - de-sac -- int . crawlspace -- night Thomas race through the narrow black tunnel . he slip off the rafter and almost fall through the ceiling . he 's lose precious time -- int . the stairwell -- night Dennis and Mars pound up the stair , get closer to he room -- int . the crawlspace -- night Thomas push he way into he closet -- int . upstair hall -- night Dennis and Mars reach the second floor -- int . thomas ' room -- night Thomas scramble into bed just before Dennis jerk open the door . Dennis drag he off the bed and carry he out of the room -- ext . cul -de - sac -- night Talley , Martin , and maddox run into position behind a sheriff 's unit where a deputy have set up the dedicated crisis phone -- Talley grab up the phone -- talley ( to the deputy ) this thing good ? Talley do not wait for the confuse deputy to answer ; he press the button in the handle that dial the phone -- maddox what in hell be you do ? he 's shoot at my man ! the phone ring in Talley 's ear -- talley ( to maddox ) then get you man off the wall ! ( to Martin ) you breach that house , we be gonna have a bloodbath ! I know this guy , Captain -- I can talk to he . martin ( to maddox ) order you man to stand down . the phone be still ringing . Talley pull the mike from the deputy 's car and speak over the public address -- talley ( over the p.a. ) look out the window , Dennis . we be not enter the house . we be pull back . int . smith's office -- night Dennis be hold Thomas around the neck , use the boy as a shield . Kevin be cower on the floor and Mars be hold Jennifer . Dennis snatch up the phone -- dennis ( scream into the phone ) you fuck ! I get a fuckin ' gun to this kid 's head ! I will kill be , you fuck ! intercut Talley outside -- talley it 's over now , Dennis ! do not hurt anyone . dennis ( still scream ) we will burn this fuckin ' place down ! I get gasoline all over in here ! Talley take a deep breath ; he force himself to speak quietly , calmly -- talley no one 's come in . a couple of guy out here get carry away . Dennis peer out the front . Talley 's careful manner be calming he -- dennis goddamn right they get carry away . it look like a army out there . Talley mute the phone to speak to Martin -- talley ( to Martin ) it 's over . he 's cool off . Talley glance at maddox . maddox nod , he expression say that Talley be right -- dennis Talley ? talley ( back into the phone ) I be here . dennis I want a helicopter to take we to Mexico . talley that 's not go to happen , Dennis . they will not give you a helicopter . dennis I will give you this people . talley the mexican police would arrest you as soon as it land . there 's only one way out and you be do it right now -- just keep talk to we . ( mute phone ; to Martin and maddox ) I think we could make the transition now . maddox , you good to go ? maddox nod at Martin ; he 's good to go -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( to Dennis ) hey , Dennis ? can I let you in on a personal secret ? dennis ( hesitantly ) what ? talley I gotta piss real bad . Dennis can not help himself ; he laugh -- dennis you be a funny guy , Talley . talley I be go to put on a officer name will maddox . you talk to he for a while . Talley hand the phone to maddox , who move past Talley for a better view of the house . Talley look grimly at Martin -- talley ( cont 'd ) he say he have gasoline set to burn the place . martin Jesus . he must have siphon it from the car . talley if you go in , you can not use tear gas or flashbang . the whole place would go up . martin ( not without humor ) look like you be bail out at the right time . talley ( return she smile ) that 's why you get the big buck , Captain . Talley be move away when he radio pop -- louise's voice Chief , base . talley ( key he shoulder mike ) go. louise's voice I could not find Jane . she be not at the restaurant . talley you have she cell number ? louise's voice she do not answer . talley they might be at the house . keep try and let I know . I be go to be here a little while longer . Talley close he phone and continue away -- int . walter' office -- night Dennis and Kevin be at the television , watch a aerial view of the sheriff deploy around the house . Jennifer and Thomas be huddle by they father -- kevin we be surround . they be all over the neighborhood . Mars enter carry candle and flashlight . he light a candle and place it on a table -- dennis what the fuck be that ? mar they will cut the power . Mars toss a flashlight to Dennis -- jennifer what about my father ? dennis aw , Jesus , not more of this . jennifer look at he ! I think he 's die ! dennis ( to Kevin and Mars ) take be back upstairs , but do not tie be like before . that little fuck untied himself anyway . Dennis return to the shutter as Mars and Kevin take the kid -- int . thomas ' room -- night Mars shove Thomas into the room , then lift the claw hammer . for a instant , we think he 's go to hit the boy -- but he smashes off the door knob , instead . Mars glare at Thomas , then pull the door close . the knob on Thomas 's side be go ; there 's no way for Thomas to open the door . but that 's okay by Thomas . he wait until he 's sure that Mars be go , and then he hurry back to he closet -- int . thomas ' closet -- night Thomas pull open the hatch , fish out he flashlight , then dump the content of Jennifer 's purse on the floor . he pick up she cell phone . int . mrs . pena' bathroom -- night Talley close he eye with a blissful expression as a familiar sound fill the bathroom ; he 's take a piss . his radio crackle -- louise's voice Chief , base . Talley finish he business , and key he mike -- talley do you find Jane and Mandy ? louise's voice could you call I back on you phone ? right away . talley what 's wrong with the radio ? louise's voice ( hesitantly ) other people can hear we . just call . please . talley stand by . now Talley be worried . he pull out he phone and punch the speed dial . it ring only once -- intercut Louise , at she desk outside Talley 's office -- talley ( cont 'd ) be something wrong with Jane ? louise we have a boy on the line . he say he 's Thomas Smith and he 's call from the house . talley it 's a crank , Louise . c'mon , do not waste my time with that ! louise his cell number belong to the smith . I think it 's real , Chief . I think this boy be inside that house . Talley worry it only for a moment -- talley put he on . Talley push out of the bathroom into -- int . mrs . pena' family room -- night he flag leigh metzger as he cup the phone -- talley ( to metzger ) get Martin . right away . as metzger hurry away , we intercut Thomas , hide in the shadow on he bed , whisper so as not to be overhear -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) this be Chief Talley . tell I you name , son . thomas Thomas Smith . I be in the house that 's on tv . Dennis hit my dad and now he will not wake up . you gotta help he . Talley can tell by the tremor in the boy 's voice -- this be for real -- talley slow down , Thomas . take it easy and talk to I . be you father shot ? thomas Dennis hit he . his head 's all big and he will not wake up . I be really scared . talley how about you and you sister ? thomas we be okay . talley where be you right now ? thomas in my room . Talley hurry to a large sketch of the smith ' floor plan laid out on the dining room table -- talley that 's on the second floor . could you climb out you window if we be downstairs to catch you ? thomas they nail the window . I can not get be open . Martin enter with leigh metzger . Talley cup the phone to give she the headline -- talley ( to Martin ) I have get the boy on the phone . he 's use a cell phone . ( back to Thomas ) what be that , son ? I do not hear you . thomas if I try to climb out they will see I on the security camera . they would see you outside , too -- Thomas hear someone outside he door -- thomas ( cont 'd ) they be come ! Thomas hang up , jam he phone behind the bed -- talley Thomas ? Thomas ...? Talley lower the phone -- talley ( cont 'd ) he say that he father 's hurt . martin if we have a man die in there , we will have to go in . talley they have security camera . rooney would see you come . martin do the boy say that any of they be in immediate danger ? talley no . he say that he father 's unconscious ; he do not say he be die . martin then I think we should wait . do you agree ? Talley finally nod -- talley you want I to stick around , I could -- martin you have be here all day , Chief . take a break . see you family . if I need you , I will call . Talley look like the most tired guy in the world . he nod he good - night , then turn away -- int . talley' car -- night Talley slide into he car outside Mrs. pena 's home . he 's get a lot on he mind , and not all of it center around 455 Castle Way . he punch a number into he cell phone -- he listen to ringing , and then he own voice answer -- talley' voice message this be Jeff Talley . leave you name and number after the beep . we hear the beep , then -- talley ( into he phone ) Jane ? if you be there , pick up , okay ? Mandy ? no one answer . Talley close he phone , he apprehension increase -- ext . york estate front gate -- night the bristo officer man the gate swing the blockade aside and wave Talley through -- ext . media area -- night the assemble television microwave van , radio newsvan , and reporter be park together in a empty lot one block from the front gate . Ken seymore step into the street , speak into a cell phone as he watch Talley drive away -- seymore ( into he phone ) he 's leave now . ext . red light intersection -- day a traffic light on the outskirt of town , desert until Talley 's car pull to a stop -- int . talley' car -- night suddenly , two mask man point gun at he head , one from the driver 's side , one from the passenger . they be wear jacket , black ski mask , and glove . the man on the passenger side sport a big gold rolex , so we will call he the watchman -- the watchman ( meaning the gun ) do you see the fuckin ' gun ?! look at it ! Talley freeze . he 's be blindside by this insane shit , but he know better than to move -- talley take it easy . the man on the driver 's side get into the backseat , then the watchman get into the passenger side . the man behind Talley hook a arm around Talley 's throat while the watchman search for Talley 's gun -- the watchman where 's you gun ? talley I be the Chief . I do not carry it . the watchman nod at the backseater , who release Talley . a dark green mustang roar up ahead of Talley 's car . a second car tuck in tight on Talley 's rear -- talley ( cont 'd ) who be you ? the watchman follow the mustang . we will not go far . the mustang pull out , and Talley follow . ext . a deserted alley -- night the three car turn into the alley . they stop , the first and last car bumper - to- bumper with Talley 's . the car be so close to Talley that he own vehicle be pin ; he could not drive away now even if he want -- int . talley' car -- night the watchman put Talley 's car in park , turn off the ignition , and take the key . the watchman I know you be scared , but unless you do something stupid we be not go to hurt you . you understand ? two more mask man approach from the other car , one come to Talley 's window , the other get into the back seat behind the watchman . the watchman ( cont 'd ) do not just fuckin ' sit there , dumbass . do you understand ? talley what do you want ? the watchman this guy be go to take hold of you . do not freak out . it 's for you own good . the three man take hold of Talley , the man behind again looping he arm around Talley 's neck , the other two each twist Talley 's arm -- talley what be this ? the watchman hold a distinctive white cell phone to Talley 's ear -- the watchman say hello . jane's voice Jeff ? be that you ? Talley go berserk . he buck and try to pull away , but the three man hold tight -- the watchman close the phone -- the watchman ( try to calm Talley ) I know , I know -- she 's all right . you kid 's all right , too . c'mon , now , relax . from this point on , you control what happen to they . Talley can barely breathe , they be hold he so tight -- the watchman ( cont 'd ) can we let go ? you past you shock and all that , we can turn you loose and you will not do something stupid ? talley you can let go . the watchman glance at the man ; they let go -- the watchman here 's the deal -- walter Smith have two computer disk like this in he house . they be label ' marlon ' and ' Al . ' the watchman hold up a thick black Zip disk . Talley 's expression tell we that this be the weirdest shit he 's ever hear -- talley marlon and Al .... the watchman we want they . you will not let anyone go into that house -- or anything come out -- until my people recover this disk . talley I can not control what happen . the sheriff be run the scene . the watchman you will re-assume command . in two hour , a group of my people will arrive at York estate . you will tell the sheriff that they be a FBI tactical team . the watchman put the white cell phone into Talley 's hand -- the watchman ( cont 'd ) when this phone ring , you answer . it will be I . I will tell you what to do . when I have what I want , you get you family . talley you want . . . marlon and Al . the watchman I have people in York estate right under you nose . if you do anything except what I be tell you , you will get Jane and amanda back in the mail . we clear on that ? talley this disk . . . where be they ? the watchman Smith will know . the watchman and the other get out of Talley 's car . the door slam shut . the watchman lean in -- the watchman when it ring , answer . the watchman toss the key into Talley 's lap . we hear car door open and close ; the car , front and back , roar to life and speed away -- Talley focus on the mustang 's license plate , frantically scratch down the number -- int . bristo camino police department -- night the place be desert except for Louise , currently at she desk to monitor radio communication . Talley enter , look as if he 's stricken . Louise can not help herself but to react -- louise you look terrible . Chief , be you all right ? Talley barely glance at she , go directly to he office -- int . talley' office -- night Talley step inside and peel off he uniform shirt . he take a bullet - resistant vest and a black sweatshirt from he closet . he strap on the vest , then pull on the sweatshirt . Talley sit at he desk and lift out a ballistic nylon pistol case from the lower drawer . he take out he old swat combat piece : this be not a pussy 'mm ; it 's a finely tune .45 - caliber colt model 1911 . one shot , one kill . Talley eject the empty magazine , then load it with a deadly efficiency . he slam home the magazine -- Talley clip the gun to he belt under he sweatshirt . he 's ready to rock . the camera find the photograph of Talley during he day as a swat tactical officer -- he be one bad motherfucker . int . the MAIN room -- night Talley head for the front door -- talley I be go back to York . have Larry meet I at the front gate . Talley exit without a backward glance -- ext . york estate front gate -- night the helicopter orbit in the distance ; the empty lot with the news van be in the background . Talley turn into the development , then stop at the side of the street where Larry ander be wait -- int . talley' car -- night ander slide into the passenger seat . he see a different Talley now , focus and grim -- ander what 's up , Chief ? Talley stare at ander , try to decide : can I trust he ? will he rat I out to the watchman and cost the life of my wife and child ? ander ( cont 'd ) do I do something wrong ? Talley give he a slip of paper -- talley I want you to run this license plate and phone number . then I want you to find out everything you can about walter Smith . ander the guy in the house ? talley go back to the office . run he name through the FBI and the nlet database . I think he 's involved with illegal activity or he associate with people who be . ander glance at the slip again , then tuck it away -- ander wow . sure , right away , Chief . talley do not tell anyone what you be do , not Louise , not the other guy , not the sheriff . you understand I , Larry ? ander I guess so . talley fuck guess . you keep you mouth shut . ander I will , Chief . absolutely . talley get to work . ander climb out and Talley rocket away -- ext . command STREET -- night Talley pull up behind the sheriff ' command van . Martin , surprised to see Talley , step from the van -- talley I be re-assume command of the scene . Martin be surprised and angry -- martin Excuse I ? you request we help . you turn over command -- talley and now I be take it back . we be get Smith out of the house . Talley head for the cul - de-sac -- int . jennifer' bedroom -- night Jennifer be on she bed in the darkness , groggy with fear and fatigue . she hear someone outside in the hall -- jennifer Thomas ? the door knob rattles . Jennifer slide out of bed and go to the door -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) Thomas , be that you ? the door suddenly open , and Mars be frame in the dim light . Jennifer jump back , terrify -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? mar we can not make the microwave work . that seem so outlandish that Jennifer be confuse -- jennifer what ? mar we be hungry . you be go to cook . Mars grab she hair , and push she out the door -- int . kitchen -- night Mars shove Jennifer into the kitchen . two freeze pizza be wait on the counter -- mar make the pizza . I want scramble egg and hot dog on mine . jennifer ( under she breath ) how about dog shit ? Mars take a carton of egg and a package of hot dog from the refrigerator -- mar with hot sauce and butter . Jennifer take a bowl from the cupboard . when she set down the bowl , she see the handle of the pare knife by the food processor . Jennifer break egg into the bowl -- jennifer I need a fry pan . would you get one ? over there , under the range . as soon as Mars turn away , Jennifer palm the knife and push it into the waist of she short -- ext . the cul -de - sac -- night Talley join maddox behind the car -- maddox what put a wild hair up you ass ? talley I change my mind . that 's all you need to know . Talley pick up the dedicated crisis phone that 's be cut into the smith ' telephone line . he lift the receiver and press a button . the phone inside the house ring -- intercut Dennis inside Smith 's office . he answer -- dennis that you , Talley ? talley the one and only . we get a little problem out here , Dennis . dennis you oughta try on the problem I get in here . talley I need you to let I talk to Mr. Smith . Dennis shoot a nervous glance at walter , who 's twitching and shudder on the couch -- dennis we be through that . forget it . talley we can not forget it . the sheriff think you will not let I talk to Smith because he 's dead . they think you murder he . maddox can not believe that Talley be say this -- maddox ( low , so that Dennis can not hear ) what in hell be you do ?! dennis that 's bullshit ! the guy 's right here ! he 's alive ! talley ( press Dennis harder ) if you do not let I talk to he , they be go to attack the house . maddox grab Talley 's arm , he voice a low hiss -- maddox you be gonna set he off , goddamnit ! that 's crazy ! dennis ( scream ) they better not ! Talley push maddox away and amp the pressure on Dennis -- talley help I keep they out ! let I speak to Smith , Dennis . let I speak to he right now . Dennis be freaking . he believe that the sheriff be about to crash through the door -- dennis shit !!!! now Talley throttles back ; he sense that Dennis be at the break point and want to coax he back from the edge -- talley ( calmer ; coax ) talk to I , Dennis . help I help you . why can not you put Smith on the phone ? Dennis finally make the admission -- dennis ( quietly ) he get knock out . it 's like he 's sleep . he just lay there . Talley give a thumb - up to maddox , who sit back in awe . this crazy shit be work -- talley ( to Dennis ) now I understand . that help . I can make they understand that . dennis okay . talley let I come get he . dennis fuck that ! you bastard will jump I ! talley if you will not let I come in , then put he outside . dennis you will cap my ass as soon as I step out the door ! talley you have already help yourself once , Dennis ; be smart again . if you save he life , it will help when you get to court . Dennis be at the edge ; he 's look straight down into he deep fear . he finally relent -- dennis fuck you , Talley , fuck you ! you and one other guy , but that 's it ! I want you stripped ! I gotta know you do not have gun ! Dennis slam down the phone -- Talley lower the crisis phone , then look at maddox -- talley bring up the ambulance . ext . the cul -de - sac -- a few minute later mobile bank of flood lamp illuminate the front of the house . the ambulance wait behind the light ; tactical officer with m5 and m1y hunker in position in case the program go south -- Talley and a paramedic name bigelow emerge between the light , wear only short and shoe . bigelow be carry a collapsable stretcher -- they stop in the mouth of the drive with a full view of the front door . Talley lift he cell phone -- talley ( into the phone ) okay , Dennis , we will not approach the house until you have close the door . the front door open , a crack at first , then wider . the line of officer behind the light shift -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder ) easy .... Kevin and Mars waddle out with walter Smith between they . they put he down about six foot from the front door , then return to the house -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( to bigelow ) let 's do it . Talley and bigelow move forward . when they reach walter , bigelow open the stretcher and lock out the frame . he peel back walter 's eyelid and flash a penlight -- talley ( cont 'd ) how 's he look ? bigelow he 's get a concussion for sure . I be go to brace he . as bigelow set a cervical neck brace , Talley get the creepy feel that he 's be watch . he turn toward the shutter , and find a pair of eye only inch from he own . it 's Mars . Talley stare at Mars , and Mars stare back . it 's as if they be lock in a contest of will until -- bigelow ( cont 'd ) let 's get he on the stretcher . Talley turn away to help bigelow -- bigelow ( cont 'd ) I will support he head and shoulder . you lift he hip and knee . on three . Three . as they carry walter away , Talley glance back at the eye . Mars be still watch he -- in the cul -de-sac --talley and bigelow be surround by cop as soon as they step into the shadow behind the light . another paramedic take the stretcher from Talley . maddox be wait with Talley 's clothes -- maddox you ready to tell I what 's go on ? Talley pull on he pants -- talley no . Talley stalk straight to the ambulance , pull on he sweatshirt as he go -- int . the ambulance -- night a young physician name klaus be examine walter as Talley step up into the ambulance -- talley I be the chief of police here . I have to talk to he . klaus ai not gonna happen . we have get unequal pupilation . he could have a intracranial hematoma or a fracture or both . Talley ignore the doctor and shake walter by the face -- talley Smith ! wake up ! klaus what be you do ?! stop that ! walter 's eye flutter , one more open than the other . Talley lean closer -- talley ( to Smith ) wake up , goddamnit . who be you ? klaus try to shove Talley away , but it 's like push a wall -- klaus this man need a hospital ! stop it ! Talley grab klaus by the arm , try to make he see -- talley use smell salt , give he a shot , whatever . I just need a minute . bigelow climb behind the wheel and start the ambulance . Talley pound on the wall , shouting -- talley ( cont 'd ) stop the fuckin ' engine ! klaus and bigelow be both stare at Talley . sheriff and Talley 's own officer have gather at the open rear of the ambulance to see what all the shouting be about -- klaus pointedly look at Talley 's hand grip he arm . he speak slowly , try to make Talley understand -- klaus I be not go to wake he . I do not even know that I can . talley just one question . please . klaus he. can not . answer . Talley stare at walter Smith . so close . so damned close . walter know about the disk . walter might even know who have Jane and amanda . but now walter can not talk -- Talley turn away and climb out of the ambulance -- ext . the cul -de - sac -- night as Talley emerge from the van , he pull metzger aside -- talley I want you wait in Smith 's lap . I want to know the second -- and I mean the second -- that he wake up . as metzger hurry after the ambulance , a phone in Talley 's pocket ring . he 's startle and scared ; it might be the watchman . Talley take out the watchman 's white phone , but it 's not ringing . he answer he other phone -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) Talley . ander ' voice it 's I , Chief . can you talk ? Talley notice that Martin , maddox , and the other be stare at he . he turn away -- talley ( into he phone ) what would you find out ? ander ' voice the cell phone be register to a jewelry store in beverly Hills . the phone company show no unusual -- talley ( cut he off ) Dead end -- it 's a clone . what about the mustang ? ander ' voice it be steal . Talley lower the phone in frustration , then -- talley you get anything on Smith ? ander ' voice Chief ... it 's like none of this exist . I be sorry . talley keep try . Talley pocket he phone . he watch the ambulance pull away , then stride back through the bank of light to the nearest patrol car . he grab the dash mike and key the public address -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( through the p.a. ) call I . if you be safe , call I . Talley 's voice echoe across the neighborhood . every cop in the cul - de- sac stare at he . he have address the house for , apparently , no reason . Dennis shout from he window -- dennis I will be safe when I be outta here , you asshole ! I be not talk any more ! Talley drop the mike without a word and walk away -- int . glen howell' motel room -- night howell be on the phone with Ken seymore , watch the televise news coverage with increase alarm -- howell be Smith talk ? intercut seymore , who be report from the York front gate as the ambulance roar away , siren wail -- seymore I hear he 's fuck up . they be take he to the hospital . howell goddamnit , tell I what you know . do the cop go in ? do Smith have the disk ? seymore I do not know . Talley talk that punk into let Smith out . he 's fuck we over , Glen . that guy be fuck we over . howell what hospital ? seymore Canyon country . howell slam down the phone . he breathes deeply , take a moment to center himself . he lift the phone and punch a number -- howell I have another job for you . ext . command STREET -- night Talley be by himself , pace at the curb well away from the other officer . he be hold he cell phone . wait . finally , it ring . Talley answer , listen , then -- talley put he on . intercut Thomas , phone Talley in he room -- thomas be my daddy okay ? talley the doctor be take care of he right now . Thomas . . . be you safe ? can you talk ? thomas I think so . talley I need you help with something . but if you think that guy could catch you , then I do not want you to do it , okay ? thomas okay . talley I be serious , Thomas ; I do not want you to get hurt . thomas what do you want I to do ? talley you dad have two computer disk . they have funny name : marlon and Al . thomas he have lot of disk . talley I think he be work on they today , so they be probably in he office . could you find they and see who they belong to ? thomas Dennis will not let I go to the desk . he make I sit on the floor . Talley absorb the bad news like he last best hope of save he family be circle the drain -- thomas ( cont 'd ) but I might be able to sneak into the office if they be not around . then I could open the disk here in my room . talley I think they lock you in you room . thomas I can get into the crawlspace from my closet and climb all over the house . talley can you get into the office ? thomas I can get into the de . the office be right across the hall . Talley think about what the boy be say , and what he will have to do to get marlon and Al -- talley if I get rooney into the back of the house , can you find the disk without be catch ? thomas yes , sir . Talley glance toward the swat Command Van as he come up with a plan -- ext . the command van -- night Martin , maddox , and several of she supervisor be gather outside the van as Talley approach -- Martin see he come and step away to meet he . she 's piss off and she want answer -- martin I want to know what in hell you be do . talley I be look for you . I need you tactical unit . martin I be not stupid ! you can not get out of here fast enough , then you take back command ; you agree to wait on Smith , then you risk everything in a stupid stunt to get he out -- talley ( interrupt ) do not question I , Captain ! this be my crime scene ! martin ( shouting over he ) -- then when you get he , you damn near assault the man in the ambulance ! what be go on ? Talley glare at she , half - a-heartbeat from go off , and then he throttles back -- talley ( simply ) I be a negotiator , Captain . I negotiate . that 's all you need to know . now be you go to help I or not ? Martin weigh the determination in he eye . she 's angry , she 's resentful , and she want to knock Talley onto he ass -- but , instead , she glance back to she van -- martin maddox ! let 's give the man a hand ! int . smith ' den -- night Dennis step through the double door that open from the entry and admire the room -- rich panele wall , soft leather couch and chair , and a lush beat - copper bar . walter Smith 's office be directly across the hall . Dennis saunter behind the bar , let he finger play over the copper , then pour a stiff ketel one on the rock . Kevin appear behind he , watch , as Dennis take a seat on one of the leather bar stool , then peel a hundred off a thick roll and drop it on the bar -- dennis ( to a imaginary bartender ) keep the change , m'man . Dennis take a deep drink of the vodka as Kevin approach -- kevin we be fuck . dennis we be fuck until we think of a way out ; then we be rich . kevin there be no way out . dennis for chrissake , please ! help I celebrate ! I figure it out ! kevin celebrate what ? go to prison ? Dennis enjoy another stiff belt -- dennis no , dumbass -- Talley . Talley 's the guy who keep we in here , and Talley 's the guy who can let we out . Dennis grin as if he 's discover the wisdom of the age -- dennis ( cont 'd ) cop want to be rich like everyone else . all we have to do be share . ( lean closer and lower he voice ) and if he want someone to swing for the chinaman , we will give be Mars . mar Dennis . Mars be stand in the door , large and ominous . for a insane moment Dennis think that Mars have hear , but then -- mar ( cont 'd ) the food 's ready . Dennis grin , then shove Kevin out of the room ahead of he , the three of they disappear toward the kitchen as -- the camera drift up to a air vent in the ceiling , through the slat in the grate to -- int . crawlspace -- night Thomas watch they leave through a hole in the air duct . when he 's confident that they be go , he continue along the crawlspace to a service hatch that open down into -- int . wine cellar - night the " wine cellar " be a climate - control closet behind the bar fitte with floor - to- ceiling wine rack . the ceiling hatch lift , and Thomas climb down the rack to the floor . he ease open the door and peek out behind the bar . the de be bright with light , and empty -- Thomas lift he cell phone -- thomas ( whisper into the phone ) it 's I , Chief . I be in the de . ext . smith ' rear wall -- night Talley , maddox , and several tactical officer be line along the rear wall , watch the house . Talley , with a phone to he ear , be look through a night-vision scope -- he can see into the kitchen through the french door . Mars and Jennifer be inside , and , as we watch , Dennis and Kevin enter -- talley ( into he phone ) okay , bud , here we go . Talley hand the scope to maddox , then key he radio mike -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( into he mike ) Captain ? kill the light . int . smith ' kitchen -- night Dennis and Kevin be digging into plate of pizza and egg when the house go dark -- dennis shit ! it 's the cop ! the backyard erupt ; explosion from starflash grenade jump and careen over the swim pool like New Year firework . it sound like World War III -- Dennis throw himself behind the kitchen counter -- int . the den -- night the house now dark , Thomas scurries to the double door . he peek around the corner to see if the coast be clear , then dart across the hall to -- int . walter' office -- night the office be light only by the flicker candle . Thomas check he father 's computer - - no disk . he search through the papers scattered over the desk , but find nothing -- then he open the drawer -- the disk case that he father put there earlier be wait . Thomas open the case -- marlon . Al . he find they . int . the kitchen -- night the starflash grenade burn out as Talley 's amplify voice echoe into the house -- talley' voice it 's time to talk face - to- face , Dennis . come out , just you , and we will talk . kevin what 's he do ? what 's go on ?! dennis Mars ! they be try to blindside we ! check the front ! Mars lurch to he foot and hurry to the office -- int . the office -- night Thomas be head for the door when he hear footstep come fast toward the office -- Thomas reverse course and duck under the desk . he pull himself into a ball and try not to breathe -- Mars be in the room . the desk be a great oak monster , big as a boat . it sit on curvy leg that leave a gap between the desk and the floor . Thomas can see foot -- the foot go to the window -- dennis' voice what 's go on out front ? the foot turn toward the desk . Thomas try to squeeze himself smaller -- dennis' voice ( cont 'd ) Mars ?! what the fuck be they doin' ? the foot come to the desk -- dennis' voice ( cont 'd ) Mars ! something 's happen ! get back here ! the foot hesitate , then , finally , walk away -- Thomas scramble from under the desk and dart across the hall -- ext . the backyard -- night Talley approach the house . he can see flashlight move in the kitchen -- talley come on , Dennis . talk to I . Dennis do not answer , so Talley move closer . he spread he hand wide -- talley ( cont 'd ) I be unarm . I be look at you . get out here and let 's talk . Dennis come to the french door . he stuff he pistol into he pants , and open the door -- dennis you get a sniper out there , gonna shoot I ? talley only if you try to grab I . we could have shot you from the wall . Dennis consider that and accept it . he step out of the house and walk over to Talley -- talley ( cont 'd ) you have be in there a long time . what be you wait for ? dennis would you be in a hurry to go to prison for the rest of you life ? talley I would be try to get the best deal that I could . dennis maybe that 's what I be do . can I reach in my pocket , show you something ? Dennis rooney step closer because he do not want anyone else to see the wad of money he pull out -- dennis ( cont 'd ) that 's fifty hundred - dollar bill . five grand . they get money in this house , Talley , more than you have ever see . Dennis push the money back into he pocket . dennis ( cont 'd ) how much would it be worth to you , get I out of here ? so that 's what keep Dennis in the house -- money . this be the first that Talley have hear of the money -- talley you pick a bad house to hole up in , son . dennis two hundred thousand cash , right in you pocket , no one need to know . talley give up . dennis there 's a million dollar in there , maybe two million . I will give you half . Talley stare at Dennis , wonder how much to tell he and whether or not it will do any good -- talley the man you send to the hospital be a criminal . he have partner . this be they house and they money and they want it back . this simple fact settle on Dennis like a funeral shroud -- everything that Smith say earlier now make a horrible sense : you can not imagine the fuck you be go to get . Dennis 's eye fill with defeat and helplessness -- dennis it be not be a good day , Chief . talley give up , Dennis . let this people go . at least you will have you life . Dennis step inside and pull the door close , the darkness in the house swallow he like dirty water . the power be turn on . the house come to life -- as Talley turn away , he phone once more ring -- int . thomas ' room -- night Thomas be hunkere with he computer behind he bed so that the camera can not see he . thomas I get be ! intercut Talley , now back in the cul - de- sac -- talley can you open they ? thomas I open marlon . I think it 's somebody 's tax . talley look for name . do it say whose tax they be ? Thomas scroll through a spread sheet -- thomas I do not see any people name . it 's all business . talley try Al . see if you can open Al . Thomas change disk and open Al -- thomas yeah ! here 's a name . this be somebody 's personal tax -- talley who be it ? thomas Charles G. benza . ( then ; noise in the hall ) they be come ! Thomas abruptly hang up and the line go dead in Talley 's ear . Talley recognize the name as easily as a East Coast cop would recognize John gotti , and realize the stun import of Smith possess sonny benza 's financial record -- talley sonny benza . oh , fuck . Talley sprint across the cul - de-sac to he nearest officer , jorgenson , and key jorgenson 's shoulder mike -- talley ( cont 'd ) ( into the mike ) leigh ? metzger , answer I ! metigger voice I be at the hospital . talley put a guard on Smith ! I want you with Smith until I get there ! jorgenson what 's go on ? talley get in the car . now . Talley drop the mike and shove jorgenson toward the car -- ext . canyon country hospital -- night marion clewe be step from he car as Talley 's police unit rip into the parking lot with flash light -- marion watch Talley and jorgenson rush into the er , then he frown and punch the speed dial on he phone -- marion ( into he phone ) we be too late . the police be here . int . emergency room corridor -- night Talley and jorgenson huddle in the hall with klaus and the er supervisor , Dr. estelle reese . metzger be outside walter 's room in the background -- talley I be posting a guard outside he room , but we will need help from hospital security . reese be my staff in danger ? talley not with my officer here , no , mar 'am . metzger step into walter 's room , then reappear -- metzger hey ! he 's waking up ! Talley and klaus press for the room -- int . walter' room -- night walter 's eye flutter open . his voice be slur , but understandable -- walter where be I ? klaus peel open walter 's eye , pass he penlight over one , then the other -- klaus Canyon country Hospital . do you remember you name ? it take walter a few moment to answer -- walter walter Smith . all of walter 's memory come flooding back , and he try to sit up . klaus force he down -- walter ( cont 'd ) where be my child ? talley they be still in the house . walter look at Talley . he have never see Talley and have no idea who he be -- talley ( cont 'd ) I be Jeff Talley , the bristo chief of police . so far as we know , you child be okay . klaus Chief Talley be the one who get you out . talley ( to klaus ) I need to talk to he . alone . this time , klaus be hard - press to refuse . he nod , then step away -- Talley turn back to walter Smith , and lower he voice -- talley ( cont 'd ) sonny benza have my wife and daughter . he want the disk , marlon and Al . he take my family to make I help . Talley 's eye fill . his tear drip on the sheet . walter look away -- walter I do not know what you be talk about . talley he 's go to kill you . do not you know that ? he can not take the chance that you will talk . klaus return and place a hand on Talley 's shoulder -- klaus that 's enough . talley another minute . please -- but when he look back at walter , he realize that another minute will do no good : walter 's eye be once more close . ext . hospital parking lot -- night Talley be pace by he car in the desert parking lot . he pound the hood , cursing , awash in rage and frustration -- and then a phone ring . Talley take out the phone . the white phone be ringing . the watchman 's phone -- Talley answer furiously , the two of they instantaneously scream at each other -- the watchman' voice you dumb fuckwad cop , you fuck up bad ! talley do you think I be go to let you murder someone ?! the watchman' voice you want a blowtorch on you daughter 's pretty face ?! talley I will go in that fuckin ' house right now ! I will give that disk to the real FBI , you cocksuckingmotherfucker !! and I have get Smith ! I have get Smith !! a profound silence fill the parking lot , both man now purge . when the watchman speak again , he voice be measure -- the watchman' voice I guess we each have something the other want . talley I guess we do . the watchman' voice my people be good to go . you know who I mean ? talley you phony FBI asshole . the watchman' voice we be almost home , you and I . keep you shit together . this be not L.A. talley what do you mean by that ? the watchman' voice you do not want another dead child on you conscience . the line go dead -- int . the smith ' den -- night Dennis be pour another stiff glass of ketel one -- dennis I should not have tell he about the money . now Talley be gonna keep it for himself . Kevin join he at the bar . Mars be by the door -- kevin he say that ? Dennis downs a big hit of vodka , then move to the couch -- dennis if we do not escape , we gotta get the word out about the cash . that 's how we will stay alive . kevin what be you talk about ? dennis the only way he can keep the cash be if nobody know about it . he 's gotta cap all three of we before they even read we rights . he 's probably plan it right now . kevin that 's crazy . he 's not go to kill we . dennis Kevin , you be so fuckin ' stupid ... Kevin follow he brother to the couch and stare at he ; Dennis have clearly lose he mind , and Kevin have reach the end of he rope -- kevin it 's over . we have to give up . dennis fuck it 's over . that money 's mine . kevin that money 's fuck up you brain . Talley 's go to get tired of wait for we to give up , and we will all be fuckin ' kill ! Dennis tip he glass , like a toast -- dennis then we might as well die rich . kevin I be not go to die for this ! Kevin slap the glass away . Dennis boil up from the couch . he grab he brother and the two of they fall over the coffee table , Dennis hammer Kevin in a furious rage until he run out of gas -- dennis you be my fuckin ' anchor , Kevin , the fuckin ' lead around my life that I have be draggin ' like a cripple leg ! Dennis get up and step back -- dennis ( cont 'd ) get this into you stupid head , Kevin . we be not leave without the money . beaten and whimper , Kevin crawl away . Dennis watch he crawl out of the room , then look at Mars -- dennis ( cont 'd ) you get something to say ? mar I like it here , Dennis . I be never go to leave . dennis fuckin ' A. Dennis return to the bar . when he look around again , Mars be go -- melt into the darkness . int . jennifer' room -- night Jennifer be hide in she shadow when she doorknob move . she reach pull the knife from she short , keep it hide as she back away -- Kevin step inside , leave the door ajar -- jennifer what do you want ? kevin keep you voice down . I be take you and you brother out of here . Jennifer now see the mark and cut on he face -- jennifer what happen ? kevin do you want to go or not ? I be offer you a way out of here . jennifer I can not go without Thomas . kevin all three of we will go , but we have to move fast . Mars and Dennis do not know I be do this . jennifer how can we get out ? kevin Dennis and Mars be in the de . I will get you brother , then come back for you . we will go down the stair and out the front door , you understand ? jennifer yes . Kevin go back to the door , then consider she . maybe he want to apologize for all this , but the best he can manage be -- kevin put on some shoe . Kevin slip out and pull the door close . int . second floor hall -- night as Kevin emerge from the room , he come face - to- face with -- Mars . Mars be a great black shadow in the dark , only inch away . Kevin step back -- kevin you scared the shit out of I . I be look for you . Dennis want you to watch the monitor . mar I hear you with the girl . Kevin take another step back , but Mars follow he , stay uncomfortably close -- kevin it 's over , Mars . if we stay the cop will kill we . do not you get that ? Mars seem thoughtful , step aside -- mar I get it . if you want to go , go . Kevin expect Mars to stop he , but Mars be let he go . Kevin turn away and hurry down the hall -- ext . york estate MAIN entrance -- night Talley be return to the hospital . as he turn into York estate , he 's stop by one of he officer , Dale Cooper . Talley roll down he window to see what Cooper want -- cooper come FBI guy show up , Chief . they say you be expect they . talley they here now ? cooper you will see be up the street . Talley nod , and continue through the gate -- ext . STREET -- night two gray econoline van be park at the curb beneath a street light , four man in the lead van , two in the rear . Talley pull up behind they , then get out of he car . he walk up the middle of the street to the lead van , eyeball the man in the van : they all have short haircut and be wear black tactical fatigue . some of they wear ball cap that say FBI . the driver you Talley ? talley yeah . the man in the passenger seat , Mr. Jones , get out . he look the part of FBI swat : black tac fatigue , jump boot , buzze hair . a pistol hang under he leave arm in a ballistic holster -- mr. jone let I see some id . something with a picture . I do not give a shit about you badge . Talley take out he wallet and flash he photo id . Jones do the same in return -- mr. jone ( cont 'd ) okay , here 's mine . my name be special agent Jones . talley be all of you name Jones ? mr. jone do not be funny , Chief . you can not afford it . Jones slap the side of the van . Doors open , and the remain five man climb out . they strap into vest with FBI emblazon on the back , then pass out load - bear gear , knit mask , and flash - bang grenade . mr. jone ( cont 'd ) in a few minute the white phone be go to ring . so let 's get we shit straight before that happen . talley you use to be a cop . all of you use to be cop . I can tell by the way you move . mr. jone do not worry about what we use to be . talley how do you people expect this to work ? the sheriff have a crisis response team here . mr. jone what 's my name ? talley what ? mr. jone I ask you my name . you just see my commission slip . what 's my fuck name ? talley special agent Jones . mr. jone think of I that way and you will not fuck up . I will handle the sheriff . the man at the second van be now pass out mpe , car - 15s , and load magazine -- talley what be you people go to do ? mr. jone you and I be gonna straighten this out with the sheriff , and then we will wait for the man to call . when he give the word , we move . talley what do he have on you ? I know why I be do this , but what do he have on you ? one of the other man hand a mp5 to Mr. Jones . Jones jack the bolt to chamber a round . he sling he gun without answer -- mr. jone let 's go , Chief . time to get real . Jones walk away , and all Talley can do be follow -- ext . mar krupchek' trailer -- night we're at the end of a gravel road in the low foothills of pearblossom , a farm community of fruit orchard in the low foothills . a bristo camino police car pull up outside a thirty - foot caravan trailer , and mikkelson and dreyer get out . mikkelson light up the trailer with the radio car 's spotlight -- dreyer krupchek life in a shithole . the trailer be dark and silent . they walk to the door carry they maglite . mikkelson try the knob -- mikkelson I guess we could jimmy it . dreyer I do not want to pay for break it . mikkelson pull hard and the door pop open . both officer cringe as a smell like simmer mustard green roll out at they -- mikkelson Christ , that stink . int . the trailer -- night mikkelson switch on the light as they step inside . dreyer see it first -- dreyer mickey ? look at this shit . mikkelson join dreyer in the trailer 's tiny kitchen where teeter stack of fold cereal box fill the counter and sink and floor . hundred and hundred of Captain crunch and Count chocula box , all neatly fold and stack -- dreyer ( cont 'd ) he 's burn they . mikkelson what ? dreyer show she a box . the nose of each character have be burn with a cigarette -- dreyer he burn they nose . mikkelson okay , this be creep I out . mikkelson open the oven . it 's empty . she open a cupboard . it 's fill with large glass jar . she open another cupboard . more jar . shapes float in the jar , suspend in yellow fluid . mikkelson and dreyer examine the shape -- dreyer what be that , rat ? mikkelson open the fridge , then slam it , look like she want to puke -- mikkelson ohmigod . we gotta call Talley . dreyer see the expression on she face , then look at the fridge , wonder -- ext . cul -de - sac -- night Talley , Jones , and Jones 's phony " FBI " team be move down the cul - de-sac toward the house with Martin at they heel -- mr. jone walter Smith be in the Federal Witness Protection program . when Washington learn about the situation here , they ask Chief Talley for he cooperation . martin this be bullshit . I should have be notify . mr. jone I be sure you will be , Captain , but it 's after midnight . now , if you will pull you people off the perimeter , I want to get my people in position . Martin look like she want to spit bullet -- talley let it go , Captain . martin goddamn small town bullshit . Martin relent and stalk away just as Talley 's phone ring . both Talley and Jones tense at the ring , think it might be the white phone , but it 's not -- talley it 's mine . ( into he phone ) Talley . mikkelson's voice Chief , it 's mikkelson . talley go , mickey . ext . krupchek' trailer -- night both mikkelson and dreyer be lean against they car . they look shellshocked . mikkelson be make the call -- mikkelson Chief , we just find krupchek 's trailer . we just go in there . she trail off and look at dreyer for help : how do I say this ? dreyer , at a loss , look away -- mikkelson ( cont 'd ) he have human body part in he refrigerator . he have five human head . mikkelson can not handle it any more . she lower the phone -- with talley the shock that mikkelson be feel sweep over Talley as well . he take a moment to get he head around this -- talley ( into he phone ) mickey ? call the state homicide Bureau . do not touch anything , just sit back and wait . mikkelson's voice yes , sir . Talley lower the phone as he stare at the house , wonder what sort of monster be in there with Thomas and Jennifer . his gaze shift to Mr. Jones , who be watch he -- talley we be get that kid out of there . int . the smith ' den -- night Dennis be sprawle on the couch , suck the last few drop of ketel one from the bottle . he frown at the empty bottle , then lumber to he foot -- dennis ( call ) kev? Key , Kevin , c'mon back . I be sorry I hit you . Dennis weave through the door , carry the empty bottle like he dearest friend -- int . the kitchen -- night Dennis stagger into the kitchen -- dennis c'mon , kev , do not fuckin ' pout ! you be right . it 's time to call it a game . mars' voice Kevin leave . he do not want to be here anymore . the voice from the other side of the kitchen startles he . Mars step out of the shadow -- dennis you mean he leave , as in go out the front door ? mar I overhear he with the girl . dennis shit ! that fuck ! even when I want to turn myself in he screw it up ! do he take the kid with he ? mar I do not know . dennis Jesus , get upstairs and find out ! if he take that kid , we be fuck ! Mars cross the kitchen and go for the stair without another word -- dennis ( cont 'd ) kevin !!! you asshole !!! Dennis throw the bottle across the room -- int . the hobby room -- night Thomas be scared by all the shouting , but he wait in the darkness until Dennis quiet , and then we notice that he be no longer in he room ; he 's in the hobby room , once more try to reach the gun -- Thomas stack two phone book on the bench , then use the phone book as a extra step to reach the high shelf -- he can finally reach the gun case ! he put it on the bench , then climb down , and open the case . Thomas be bouyant with confidence ; now , he can protect himself and he sister ! Thomas shove the gun into he pants and creep back into -- int . the laundry room -- night Thomas be climb onto the wash machine when he foot slip and he bang he head -- it 's so dark in ehre that Thomas can not see what make he slip , but he test the floor . his shoe make a tacky sound . Thomas cup he hand over he flashlight like before , and turn it on . a dark liquid like oil be spread on the floor . Thomas follow it with he light to the broom closet . he let out more light and see that the oil be red . Thomas know that something terrible be behind the door , but he be draw to it . he reach out -- Kevin 's lifeless body topple out , collapse in a heap at Thomas 's foot . his neck be cut so deeply that he head be almost severe -- his eye be open . Thomas scream ! int . jennifer' room -- night Jennifer be anxiously wait for Kevin . when she hear someone in the hall , she think that it 's Kevin , but when the door open -- it 's Mars . he step inside , tall , wide , and massive as a bear . he 's carry the claw hammer . Jennifer back away -- mar Kevin leave without you . jennifer I do not know what you be talk about . Mars turn off the light . jennifer ( cont 'd ) do not do that . turn on the light . Jennifer grow even more frighten . Mars follow she across the room until she back into the window -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) you would better get out of here ! Kevin 's come back ! mar Kevin 's go , you daddy 's go , everybody 's go . when Mars reach she , he touch the hammer to the chest , press to make it hurt -- mar ( cont 'd ) now we can do whatever we want . jennifer stop it . Mars rake the claw slowly between she breast as Jennifer find the knife in she short . she jerk free the blade and stab blindly bury the knife high in he chest , but Mars do not even step back -- he grip the handle , moan hideously as he pull out the knife . a red flower blossom from the wound . Jennifer try to get past he , but he grab she throat and pin she to the wall -- mar you be go to enjoy this . he raise the knife to she face -- int . kitchen -- night the scream from the laundry room have scared the shit out of Dennis , he have he gun out -- dennis who 's that ? goddamnit , who 's there ? Dennis turn on he flashlight and sweep the beam across the kitchen -- dennis ( cont 'd ) kev ? be that you ? Talley ? Dennis weave across the kitchen , push the gun ahead of he -- dennis ( cont 'd ) Kevin , if that 's you , say something . Mars say you leave . Dennis step through the door into -- int . the laundry room -- night Dennis shine the light on the floor and see the red ooze . he follow the blood to Kevin 's body , but even then do not realize what he 's see -- dennis Kevin , what the fuck ? get up . Dennis step closer , and now he see the open neck , the grotesque white bone within the flesh -- only one other person in the house could have do this -- dennis ( cont 'd ) mar ?!?! Dennis hear Jennifer scream upstairs -- dennis ( cont 'd ) mar !!! Dennis rush from the room -- int . jennifer' room -- night Dennis slam through the door so hear that the door crash into the wall . Mars be across the room , still hold Jennifer by the neck -- Dennis aim he gun -- dennis you be dead , you fuck . Mars calmly pull the girl in front of he , block Dennis 's aim . mar what 's wrong , Dennis ? why be you so piss off ? it 's weird the way Mars be act , so calm and all . but Dennis can see the feat in Jennifer 's face and she swollen eye . she manage one word -- jennifer please ... Dennis try to aim past she -- dennis this fuck kill Kevin . there 's blood everywhere down there -- Jennifer sob . and when she do -- Mars charge across the room hold Jennifer like a shield . Dennis hesitates only a heartbeat , and then it 's too late -- Jennifer crash into he , the full force of Mars 's weight behind she , knock Dennis backward into the hall -- int . second floor hall -- night they fall through the door into a tangle on the floor . Mars raise the hammer , then bring it down , smash Dennis over and over -- int . jennifer' bedroom -- night Thomas emerge from the closet to see the carnage in the hall : Mars over Dennis , grunt like a pig as he turn Dennis into pulp , and Jennifer crawl away , splatter with blood -- Thomas pull the gun from he pants and dart past Mars into the hall -- int . upstair hall -- night Thomas grab Jennifer 's arm and pull she toward the stair -- thomas c'mon , Jen ! run! Mars heave to he foot and turn after they -- Thomas jerk up the pistol with both hand -- thomas ( cont 'd ) I will shoot you ! Mars stop , blood drip from he face and hand and the hammer . Jennifer pull she brother -- jennifer keep go ! they back toward the stair , Thomas try to hold the gun steady . Mars follow , spread he arm wide as if to embrace they -- mar everyone 's go . we can do whatever we want . we can do anything . thomas I will shoot you ! I be not kid , you better stay away ! Mars keep come -- Thomas pull the trigger . click . Mars stop , freeze by the sharp sound -- Thomas pull again . click click click -- no bullet . jennifer run !!!!! Thomas and Jennifer sprint for the stair -- int . front entry -- night Jennifer and Thomas crash down the stair and spill into the entry . Thomas go to the front door but Jennifer pull he away -- jennifer no ! they have everything nail ! they race away down the hall just as Mars reach the bottom of the stair -- int . the smith ' bedroom -- night Mars be close . Jennifer and Thomas scramble through the bedroom only pace ahead of he . they run straight into -- int . the safe room -- night Jennifer and Thomas slam the door and throw the bolt just as Mars crash into the door -- Jennifer and Thomas have make it . they be shaking and scared , but they be safe . jennifer he can not reach we in here . we be safe . thomas I know . Mars pound on the door with the hammer . they can see he on the monitor . slow rhythmic pound . then he walk away -- jennifer what 's he do ? they can see he on the monitor -- move through the hall , go into the entry .... Mars pick up a bucket of gasoline . he splashes gas on the wall and floor all the way back to the bedroom , and then he empty the bucket on the security room 's door -- Mars look up at the camera again and take out a match . he flick it with he thumbnail and it flare -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) ohmigod , he 's go to burn we ! Mars toss the match , and the room erupt into flame -- ext . the cul -de - sac -- night Talley be argue with Jones , try to convince the man that they need to move into the house now -- talley we have get to get that kid out of there ! mr. jone not until the man call . talley that kid be in there with a fuck psychopath ! he kill people ! mr. jone they have be in there all day . Talley 's phone ring . again , they both think that it 's the white phone , but instead it 's Talley 's personal phone -- talley ( into he phone ) Talley . it 's Thomas . his voice cut in and out , break by static -- thomas' voice Mars kill Kevin and Dennis ! we be in the security room . he 's burn the house -- Thomas ' phone cut out . Talley turn toward the house and see a grow column of smoke . he look back at Jones -- talley you do what you have to do ; I be get that kid . Talley hurry away . Jones stare after he , then come to he own agonize decision . he catch up -- mr. jone Talley ! we will secure the house , but then we get the disk . Talley accept that ; they move toward the house -- ext . the smith ' house -- night the bank of floodlight abruptly shut off , plunging the house and grounds into darkness -- int . the master bedroom -- night the fire be spread , follow the gasoline trail through the hall and the rest of the house ; a thick layer of smoke cover the ceiling -- Mars see that the outside light have be turn off , and sense that the cop be make they move . that 's all right with Mars -- he 's be wait to die for most of he life -- Mars check the load in he pistol , then melt away into the dark -- a moment later , throbbing music pound the house -- ext . smith ' house -- night Talley and Jones slip up to a side window at the front of the house . both be carry fire extinguishers . they peer inside , then Jones use a pry bar to lift the window -- int . front guest room -- night Talley enter first , follow by Jones . the air be thick with smoke , and the music be confusing ; the hall outside the room be fill with flame -- Talley point toward the bedroom , then use hand signal to countdown the launch -- three ...two ...one -- Jones key he throat mike to launch the strike -- mr. jone go -- they blast the flame with they fire extinguishers , then plunge into the hall -- int . master bedroom -- night the slide glass door shatter as one of Jones 's man breach the door . as he roll to he foot , Mars shoot he from the flame -- a second man roll through the door , and Mars shoot again , laugh as the man writhes in flame -- int . hall -- talley and jone fight back the flame with they fire extinguishers , work they way into -- int . the master bedroom -- night it 's a inferno as Talley and Jones come through the door . they spot the two man on the floor just as -- Mars rear up behind the flame . he be shirtless and glisten , scream maniacally be he fire he gun -- Talley and Jones fire in unison , pound Mars with bullet and knock he into the fire . Mars thrashes and scream , burn alive -- Talley hear pound inside the safe room : Jennifer and Thomas ! he fight he way to the security door , which be cover with flame -- talley the kid be in here ! mr. jone where 's the office ? talley help I , goddamnit , we can get the disk later ! Talley expect that Jones will help , but Jones be aim he gun -- mr. jone we do not need you any more , Chief . we can get the disk on we own . but before Jones can kill Talley , Mars heave himself up from the flame , fire wildly . he hit Jones in the head -- Talley fire reflexively , he powerful .45 kick Mars across the room and out the glass door . Talley turn back to the burn door and douse the flame with he fire extinguisher -- talley Thomas ! Thomas , it 's I ! Thomas and Jennifer jerk open the door , but shrink from the heat . Talley use the last of he fire extinguisher , then pull they into he arm -- talley ( cont 'd ) stay close . we be go to move fast -- int . downstair hall -- night Talley shepherd Jennifer and Thomas past the flame -- int . the entry -- night they reach the entry , and Talley use he pry bar to break open the door -- a wall of cop be out on the street , wait -- talley ( to Thomas ) be the disk still in you room ? thomas no ! they be right here -- Thomas pull marlon and Al from he pocket -- Talley clutches the disk and pull the boy close in a spontaneous hug . they run out the door as we -- CUT to : int . walter smith's hospital room -- later that night walter be rest comfortably when Talley step up beside he bed . Talley be a mess -- smokey , dirty , grease with sweat -- talley ( quietly ) Smith . walter open he eye , then Talley step away . Jennifer and Thomas be stand behind he . they rush to they father -- jennifer / thomas daddy ! walter thank God ! be you guy all right ? you be not hurt ? thomas we house be on fire ! we almost burn ! both child burst into tear , and walter hug they . he look up at Talley , then gently ease he kid away -- walter ( to Jennifer and Thomas ) you guy step out for a second . I have to talk to the Chief . walter wait until he child be go , and then -- walter ( cont 'd ) do you find the disk ? talley yes . walter then you have everything . you can put they away . talley ( touch he wrist ) a man have my family . gold watch here . Dark tan . walter that would be Glen howell . he be on he way for the disk . talley how do I reach he ? ext . hospital parking lot -- night Talley be alone in he car , he phone to he ear , listen to the ring at the other end of the line . a familiar voice answer -- howell' voice hello ? talley two word : Glen howell . intercut howell in he motel room . he be throw by get this call -- howell how do you get this number ? talley Mr. Jones be dead . so be two of he man . the other three be in jail . I have the disk . I have walter Smith . and you know what , you motherfucker ? I have you . howell I have you fuck family . do not forget that . talley I also have a couple of million in cash . call sonny benza . ask if I can keep it . this throw howell , too . he do not expect anything like this ; not from Talley -- howell what do you want ? talley my wife and my daughter and the money . I will bring the disk to the mall by the freeway , you bring my family . we will trade . howell fuck that ! you think I be crazy ?! talley I think you get no choice . howell think about it . it 's a tough call because Talley might be set he up , but they be play even hand -- Talley still have the disk -- howell fuck the mall . you know that motel on the road west of town ? talley yeah . howell you get ten minute . if you be one minute late , we will not be here to find . Talley toss he phone aside , then drive away -- ext . new york CITY -- night a graphic identify we location : New York City . int . victor castellano's brownstone -- night Victor castellano be " the old man " that benza 's people have mention . he be not a happy man in the best of circumstance and be even less happy now -- castellano 's assistant , Jamie beldone , be briefing he on event in the West -- beldone the house be in flame , benza 's accountant be with the cop , and they be stack the body like cordwood . castellano Jesus Christ , it 's a clusterfuck . beldone you want to let sonny handle it . I would have move in when we first find out . castellano scowl at the young man -- castellano and by do so , he would have know we have spy in he organization . beldone ( embarrassed ) yes , sir . but what about the disk ? if the cop end up with the disk , we be gonna see a whole lot of heat . castellano I hate that mickey mouse bastard . I hate he father , and I hate sonny , too . always with the tan . beldone what do you want to do ? castellano we people out there , they good people ? people in the right place ? beldone the best . castellano sonny 's a fuckup . if he pull this off , fine -- life go on . but if the cop end up with that disk , we cut we loss . beldone I understand . castellano I want a message send : no fuckup allow . beldone I will make the call . Vic castellano watch beldone depart as he consider what be about to come -- ext . motel -- night the motel float like a island of light in the middle of nowhere . a few car be scattered throughout the quiet parking lot -- mike ruiz be hide in weed across from the motel , keep a eye on the road for Talley 's approach vehicle . a radio transmission crackle quietly -- manelli' voice you see anything ? Ruiz key the mike -- ruiz not yet . Talley step silently behind he and press he gun to Mike Ruiz 's ear -- lou buster buster be on the dark side of thge parking lot , stand watch outside the pool of light in the shadow -- gravel crunch behind he ; buster turn , and -- Talley crack he across the face with he .45 -- with talley he edge along the perimeter of the parking lot , work as close as he can to a fat man who be lean against the green mustang -- the door to a ground floor room open , and Glen howell step out . Talley recognize howell from the big gold watch -- howell ( to the fat man ) keep you eye open . he should have be here . howell return to the room . the fat man step away from the mustang , and -- Talley slam into he blindside , use the .45 as a club . the fat man stagger , and Talley wrap a arm around he neck in a choke hold , run he at the door -- Talley ram the fat man into the door , knock it open and shove the fat man through -- int . howell' motel room -- night Talley explode through the door with the fat man in front of he like a shield -- talley ( scream ) Police ! Glen howell jerk out he pistol as he drop behind the bed . duane manelli roll out of a chair , aim from the floor in a two -hande grip -- howell do not shoot ! do not shoot he ! Talley shift he aim back and forth between the two man . he have he back to the wall and the fat man in front of he -- talley where 's my family ?! where 's my family , you fuck ?! all three man be suck air like freight engine . no one be shoot , but if one person fire , everyone will fire . everybody have something the other guy want . that 's the only thing hold they back -- howell take it easy . just take it easy . we be here to do business . talley you say they would be here , goddamnit ! where be they ? howell release he grip on the gun , and let it swing free on he finger . he 's try to cool Talley -- howell they be close . let I make a call . you can see they be okay . talley you say they would be here ! howell take out he phone and press a number . Talley shift he aim from howell to the fat man to manelli -- howell ( into the phone ) put on the woman . howell offer the phone , but Talley be wary - - he can not let go of the fat man and he will not put down he pistol . howell carefully hold the phone to Talley 's ear -- talley ( into the phone ) Jane ? jane's voice Jeff , we be -- howell back away with the phone -- howell you have the disk ? Talley take out a single disk . it 's the one label ' marlon . ' he toss it onto the bed -- talley you get the other one when I have my girl . not talk to they ; have they . howell where be it ? talley Close . howell consider the disk . if Talley have the second disk in he pocket , howell could just shoot he . but howell can not be sure -- howell I have to see if it 's real . howell bring the disk to a lap top computer set up in the corner . he insert the disk , and wait for it to read . he 's satisfied with what he see -- howell ( cont 'd ) all right . now the second one . talley first my girl . I get my girl , you get the other disk . howell stare at Talley again , then pick up he phone -- howell ( into the phone ) bring they . stop the car outside the room , but do not get out . the car pull up directly outside the door . it be only second away . marion clewe be drive ; Jane and amanda be wedge into the front seat beside he , Jane next to marion , amanda on the far side . they be bound tight with they mouth tape , immobile and helpless , they eye wide with fear -- howell ( cont 'd ) ( into he phone ) aim you gun at the woman 's head . if he do not give I the disk , kill she . marion press a gun to Jane 's temple -- Talley jerk he gun toward howell -- talley I will kill you ! you will not get the other disk ! howell if you shoot I , he will kill you daughter . do you want to lose both of they ? Talley aim at the man in the car ; he aim at howell . he try so hard to save he family , and now howell have he box -- howell ( cont 'd ) the negotiation be over , Talley . I win . now give I the disk or he will put she brain on the glass . Talley look at Jane and amanda , and he eye fill . he mouth the word -- talley I love you . he 's say good - bye . Talley drop he gun and release the fat man , who stumble away . Talley toss a second disk onto the bed . manelli scoops it up and toss it to howell as mation appear in the door -- talley ( cont 'd ) I give the other one to the sheriff and they be give it to the real FBI . this one 's a fake . howell you would better be kid . howell anxiously push the disk into he lap top -- talley I be a cop , you asshole ! what do you expect I to do ? pretend all this never happen ? howell stare at the lap top with the wither face of a man read he own death sentence . there be nothing on this disk . talley ( cont 'd ) benza 's over . you be over . I just want to take my family home . howell stand like a mechanical man ; incredulous -- howell be you out of you mind ? marion ( quietly ) you fuck up , Glen . howell look over as if see marion for the first time , and give he the order -- howell kill they . marion aim he gun directly between Talley 's eye , then point it at howell -- marion no fuckup allow . marion shoot howell in the head , then the fat man , then manelli-- bambambam - - one shot , one kill . he lower he gun , consider Talley . Talley do not move . marion ( cont 'd ) it 's like a storm , be not it ? this raging force that you can not control do whatever it want , and the best you can do be survive . a winner survive . talley why ...? the question be : why be not I dead ? why be not you kill I ? marion what good would it do to kill you ? the police already have the disk . marion consider Talley another moment -- marion ( cont 'd ) you wife be a very nice lady . marion go to he car . he help out Jane and amanda , then get into he car and drive away . ext . the parking lot -- sunrise Talley stumble out of the room and run to he family . he scoops up Jane and amanda , hugging they tightly as the camera pull up and away , rise , leave this reunite family as marion clewe disappear like a pass thunderhead -- close credit the credit roll to black , then -- ext . sonny benia' home -- dawn the garage door slide up . benza back out in he mercede , then roar to the front door . he pop the trunk , then get out and hurry to the front door . he stick he head inside and call to he wife -- benza the fuck jet 's wait ! would you get you shit out here ?! he pick up two bag from inside the door and bring they to the car -- at the trunk benza step behind the raise trunk to put away he bag . when he step back around again , a nondescript sedan be wait in the drive -- a voice no fuckup allow . gunfire erupt on the quiet ridge above Palm Springs . fade out the end