window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app102.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=1961;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://geocities.com:80/emruf1/redhotromance.html " , " 20030411201039 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1050091839 " ) ; Red hot romance Red hot romance T : it's bad enough for some to boss the rest of US while they be alive , but the limit be reached when they want to keep right on after they have cashed in . T : for instance , there be old harder n. stone , the vice - president of the british - american insurance CO . 1 . library , stone home in WASHINGTON . ( fade in . ) harder n. Stone , a old skinflint , be seat at he desk write . insert --stone 's hand write the follow : " I , harder n. Stone , of Washington , D. c. , hereby direct that , should I die before my son , roland Stone , he be to receive from my estate the sum of $ 50.00 per week and the use of my residence in Washington , D. c. , until he twenty - fifth birthday . " Stone sit back and regards what he have be write , smile smugly , and then continue write . insert --stone 's hand write the follow : " on he twenty - fifth birthday , provide he have live accord to instruction herein set down , my son , roland Stone , be to receive he inheritance at the hand of my choose executor , Lord howe - greene , of London , President of the british - american insurance co . " Stone sit back and read over what he have write and be highly pleased . he then ring for a servant and presently Briggs enter . he be a little English butler , who have be in the family for year . Stone turn to he and tell he that he have just be make out he will . Briggs be properly impressed and Stone say to he : sp : " brigg , I have provide in my will that if I die before my son you be to stay on with he as long as you live . " Briggs be highly pleased , thanks he , Stone dismiss he , go on write . ( fade out . ) T : the old boy did die , as he do - serve to , and left he son and heir , roland stone , with nothing to do but live on $ 50.00 per week . 2 . roland bedroom . ( fade in . ) he be lolling in bed in pajamas and dress gown , smoking a cigarette and open a stack of bill and read they . insert -- top bill -- tailor 's bill with a balance from the month before and about $ 275.00 for this month with a note in heavy letter " please remit . " this one be turn over , and the second one be from a club with a statement " you have this day be post for $ 179.00 and you credit be hereby suspend until same be pay . " this bill be turn over and the third bill be from a florist 's for $ 950.00 worth of flower send to miss rosalie Bird and have a note read : " impossible for we to fill any more order until this bill be pay . " roland put down the bill in disgust , not look further , as he know they be all alike . Briggs , the butler , now enter and take up the breakfast tray which be lie on the bed opposite beside roland . roland look up to he , then look at the bill , and say : sp : " how do you expect I to pay these bill on $ 50.00 a week ? " Briggs shrug he shoulder as though he have nothing to do with it , and suggest that roland 's bill be too big . he then leave . roland look after he , disgust , run through a few more bill , throw they on the floor and at this juncture , Tom , roland 's valet , a big husky negro with a child - like , innocent smile , enter the room with letter , go to roland and hand he the letter . roland look at they and see they be more bill , put they down . Tom pick up other from floor and give they to roland , much to he disgust . he look up to Tom and say : sp : " you 're a fine ' secretary '! what do I pay you for ? " Tom look up at he , round - eye and smile and say : sp : " you don 't . " this be a poser for roland for a moment , he finally regains he composure and say : sp : " well , I am go to when I get my inheritance next april . " Tom nod he head quizzically as he have hear this many time before . roland then pick up the bill , run through they again and say : sp : " the question now be - how be we go to live until april ? " he sigh , reach over to a table which have a little calendar on it , pick up the calendar , see that it be the 13th of January , and run through the page very dubiously . he finally look up at Tom , show he how many day they have to live through on the calendar , and say : sp : " I haven 't a nickel and I can't borrow anything now . how be we go to live until april ? " Tom look about very dubiously . finally he get a idea , he look from one object of furniture to another , and he idea grow until he be fairly beam and he say : sp : " they be a mighty lot of hockable STUFF around heah , boss ! " he indicate the thing around the room , and roland be delighted with the idea . he pick up the bunch of bill , look at the top one . insert--tailor's bill . roland then look around for something to pay that with and he eye fall upon a antique vase . he jump out of bed , take the vase and hand it to Tom together with the tailor 's bill , say that that will pay for that . roland look at the next bill . insert --bill from club . roland then take a couple of ornament from the mantel , give they to Tom together with the club bill say that they will pay for that . roland then look at the next bill . insert--florist's bill . roland then take a picture from the wall , leave a discolor place behind it , say that will pay for that . he then think a moment and pick up a little antique clock and hand it to Tom , say : sp : " and buy her some orchid with this . " Tom grin , go out load down with all the junk . roland look after he , very pleased with himself , and , probably think of he girl and the orchid , smile , and fade out . T : indicating that it's tea time . 3 . exterior colonel bird house . ( fade in . ) roland come down the street with a bunch of orchid in he hand and go up and ring the bell . T : colonel bird , of virginia , who have be hanging around WASHINGTON for thirty - five year , waiting for a job which be first promised he by president cleveland . 4 . parlor , colonel bird house . Colonel Bird , seat at a desk , very busily read several large law book and make note , try to " kid " himself into believe that he be busy . a color mammy presently show in roland , who greet the Colonel very effusively . the Colonel ask roland to sit down , which he do . the servant exit . the Colonel , not be very greatly impressed with roland , excuse himself and go on with he work , explain that he have some very important matter on hand . roland look at he , smile to himself , then look out expectantly toward the hall . T : the colonel' daughter , rosalie , the lady of the orchid . 5 . hallway , colonel' house . rosalie come down the stair and enter the parlor . 6 . parlor , colonel' house . rosalie rush over , greet roland . the Colonel rise until roland and the girl be seat on a sofa , when he sit and go on with he work . roland give rosalie the orchid . rosalie thanks he , but say : sp : " roland , you shouldn't buy orchid every day . " she then point around to different vase in the room , all of which be full of orchid . she hold on to the orchid and give roland a little lecture on economy , tell he he have no business to spend he money so foolishly . and roland say he think she like orchid . she say she do and he 's a dear sweet boy to bring they , but he see she be not pleased and be correspondingly depressed . 7 . exterior colonel' bird house . a low rakish roadster drive up and out of it get Jim conwell . he have a small size package in he hand . close up -- and he run up and ring the bell . T : jim conwell be one of that brotherhood of diplomatic hanger - on who make a shady livelihood by do the dirty work of the various WASHINGTON embassies . 8 . ext . colonel bird porch . the color mammy open the door , let in conwell , take he hat and coat and show he into the parlor . 9 . parlor colonel bird house . the color mammy show conwell in , the old Colonel jump up from he desk , and greet he very enthusiastically . his manner toward conwell be very different from he manner toward roland . rosalie then greet conwell very sweetly but with reserve and roland , give he a dirty look , greet he as coldly as possible . the old Colonel now give up he work to join the group . conwell hold out he little package toward rosalie and say : sp : " herex a little thing I picked up in a antique shop . I thought you'd like it . " rosalie put down she orchid in roland 's chair . she then take the package , open it up and take out roland 's clock . she let out a cry of surprise and delight , then turn to conwell and say : sp : " it's lovely ! i've always wanted a clock like that . " roland look at this , open-mouthed and in absolute astonishment , sit down in he chair , smash the orchid . rosalie then show the clock to the old Colonel and the two of they rave over it , forget the existence of roland , who finally come to sufficiently to see that he 's sit on something , get up and pick up the mashed orchid , look at they disgustedly . the clock be finally put in place on the mantel and rosalie come back and join roland , who stand look ruefully at the flower in he hand . he dolefully show they to she , and she , see he be hurt , comfort he , tell he he 's a dear boy and she love the orchid . she take they from he and tenderly straighten they out , but roland be still in the dump . conwell be now throw a lot of " bull " at the old Colonel , say : sp : " I just say to the secretary of state : ' you 're not looking very well , elihu , I wish you'd let my old friend , colonel bird , take some of the work off you hand . ' " he go on spout and the old Colonel fairly eat it up . finally , roland , unhappy and jealous and disgust at conwell , get up and tell rosalie he have to go . rosalie beg he to stay in she sweetest manner but roland take another look at conwell , say no , he 's get to go , say good - by to rosalie and say good - by to the Colonel and conwell , and leave . STREET ext . col . bird house . -- roland come out and go dolefully down the street . ( fade out . ) hallway roland house . roland enter , dishearten . hang up hat and coat and stick and go slowly into library . 10 . library roland house . ( fade in . ) Tom be fussing about the room . roland enter the room , terribly depressed and upset and start to tell Tom about the scene that just take place . he go on talk about conwell and finally say : sp : " the old man stand for all of conwell' bunk and thinks he's great . " Tom be very sympathetic and tell roland he ought to settle the matter . roland agree with he , pound on the table , and say : sp : " I think the time have come when I ought to tell rosalie I love her ! " Tom agree with he , say that 's absolutely right . roland say he know it 's right -- the only thing to do be to come to a understanding right away . he then go over to the telephone and call a number , and while he be wait for the number , he go on talk to Tom , tell he just how he be go to settle thing and Tom encourage he . 11 . hallway colonel bird house . rosalie come down the hall to the telephone and answer it . 12 . library roland house . roland be still talk to Tom , tell he how he 's go to lay down the law when he suddenly hear rosalie 's voice over the ' phone . all he belligerency ooze out . he smile and stammer foolishly and gulp and try to get he courage up as if he be go to lay matter right before she and finally weaken and come out with sp : " how be you ? " 13 . hallway colonel bird house . rosalie , wonder what the devil he 's ask she that for when he just leave she , frown quizzically and say that she 's feel all right . 14 . library roland house . roland go on talk through the phone in a stammer embarrassed sort of way and Tom keep tell he to go on and tell she what he be go to . roland try to motion to Tom and he go on stammer and stutter . 15 . hallway colonel bird house . rosalie still very quizzically listen to roland . she finally ask he what be the matter with he . 16 . library roland house . roland stammer into the ' phone . finally Tom utterly disgust , come over to the ' phone and yell in it : sp : " he's try to ask you to marry he , miss rosalie ! will you ? " roland turn angrily to Tom , still hold the receiver to he ear , and start to berate Tom soundly , when he suddenly hear something in the telephone which stop he . he listen , overcome with wonderment and finally say : sp : " say that again ! " 17 . hallway . colonel bird house . rosalie at the ' phone , laugh , say : sp : " yes . of course I will ! " 18 . library roland house . roland can hardly believe he ear , make she reiterate it , then turn to Tom in great glee and say : sp : " it's all right . she say yes . " he then turn back to the ' phone and ask rosalie if she really mean it . while he be talk to rosalie , Tom go over to a heavy couch , pull it out toward the hall . roland still at the ' phone talk , turn and ask Tom what he be do . Tom still pull the couch say : sp : " ah'm go to buy you a engagement ring . " roland smile and nod , and suddenly think of the clock episode , stop Tom , tell he to wait a minute , then turn toward the telephone and say : sp : " what would you rather have - a ring or a sofa ? " 19 . hallway . colonel bird house . rosalie listen at the ' phone be utterly dumbfounded at this odd request , she ask he to repeat it , then finally still puzzle , say : sp : " why , a ring of course ! you silly boy ! " 20 . library roland house . roland listen at the ' phone , hear rosalie want the ring , turn to Tom and tell he to go on and hock the sofa . he then turn to rosalie , start in to talk to she ecstatically over the ' phone , smile , as we fade out . T : that night at the hangout of the fringe of the diplomatic set . 21 . a wop restaurant . ( fade in . ) this be a typical $ 1.35 table d' hote joint . seat at the various table be many diplomatic hanger - on , all of they crooked and all look out for the main chance . among they be a mexican , a frenchman , a englishman , a german , a Russian , a italian , a chinaman , a jap , a bulgarian , a hindoo and they woman -- perhaps three or four Americans , but the atmosphere be generally foreign , the waiter be wop . seat at one table be conwell alone . he be eat spaghetti and look very sourly about . T : enrico do castanet of bunkonia . enrico be seat at a table talk to a very attractive vamp type of a woman . T : he lady friend ( the INTERNATIONAL vamp and spy ) , countess pulloff do plotz . the countess be listen very intently to enrico . enrico go on talk very earnestly , and finally say : sp : " you see , we must have a man who can be bought body and soul . " the countess agree with he , and perhaps suggest somebody , whom enrico say would never do . the countess start think again , and , as she do , she eye wander over the room and she see conwell , who have just get up , pay he bill and give the waiter a very small tip , at which the waiter show he disgust . conwell then turn to leave the restaurant , start down toward enrico and the countess . the countess see he , have a sudden idea that he would be fine for the job and point he out to enrico . at this moment , conwell have stop to talk to someone at one of the table , enrico look he over from head to foot , ask the countess if she be sure he can be handle ; she assure he he can . sp : " he worked for the shipping board . " enrico agree that he look like a good bet , and just at this moment conwell come past the table , see the countess motion to he . he come over to the table , enrico rise and the countess introduce he say : sp : " senor do castanet be minister of war of bunkonia . " conwell be mildly interested in this fact . enrico then ask conwell to sit down , so he take a seat , and the countess then begin to get very confidential . she look around to see that no one be look , then get they three head together , she say in whisper tone : sp : " we be engineering a little revolution down in bunkonia . " conwell be a little more interested now . he prick up he ear a bit and casually glance around to make sure no one be overhear , then look to De castanet for some information , and De castanet , with a quick glance around say to conwell : sp : " the american consul have resigned and a new one be to be appointed next month . " conwell be still more interested , ask enrico where do I come in ? enrico say , indicate Madame : sp : " I am here to see that the ' right ' man be appointed . " conwell say " oh ho , " he see and look at the countess , who nod she approval . he then ask she where he come in . with more mysterious look , they get they head very closely together , and the countess say : sp : " what' the matter with you for consul ? the picking be go to be fine for the ' right man . ' " conwell consider a moment , smile quizzically and shake he head and say : sp : " no , I 'm in wrong - the senate wouldn't confirm I . " the countess try to argue with he but he be obdurate and say there 's no chance for he , but as they be talk he be suddenly strike with a brilliant idea . he say , " wait a minute . " they all wait and finally he speak and say : sp : " I 've got just the man for you ! " they be all attention and eager to know who it be . he indicate that this must be very much on the quiet and then say : sp : " old colonel bird -- fine record - easy to handle -- be waiting thirty - five year for a job . " the countess indicate that she know old Bird and tell enrico that he be ideal , that they could not do better . enrico ask if he can be handle when the time come . conwell swell up and tell he to leave that to he . it 's the easiest thing in the world . enrico turn to Madame , who back up conwell and enrico be then satisfied . conwell then speak up and say : sp : " I will go along as secretary and keep my eye on the old boy . " they both express they approval of that , and indicate that he will get part of the swag . the countess lean over and say rather tauntingly : sp : " I suppose the old boy' daughter will go along , too ! " conwell say he bet she will and wink the other eye . the countess laugh and enrico smile , interested at the idea of a romance . he and the countess exchange glance . conwell then say : sp : " remember -- mum' the word until after the appointment be made . " they all agree to that and put they head together and go on with they scheme . ( fade out . ) T : and so it come to pass -- 22 . parlor colonel bird house . ( fade in . ) a old trunk in the middle of the floor and the Colonel and mammy be pack in he book , papers , etc . the Colonel all full of business and very busy . rosalie be help , but be very sad over the matter . 23 . exterior colonel bird house . roland rush down the street with a newspaper in he hand , run up the step and ring the bell . 24 . parlor colonel bird house . rosalie look up quickly , think that this must be roland . mammy start for the door but rosalie tell she she will answer the bell , and she run out into hall . 25 . hallway colonel bird house . rosalie run to the door and open it . 26 . exterior colonel bird house . rosalie open the door , and roland rush in . 27 . hallway colonel bird house . roland , full of excitement , grab rosalie , show she the article in the newspaper . insert --article in newspaper state that Colonel Bird have be appoint consul of bunkonia and that he be to leave for there immediately with he daughter and he Secretary , James conwell . roland ask rosalie if this be true . rosalie nod she head sadly , say that it be and sp : " I didn't know a thing about it myself until this morning . " roland protest that she can not go away and leave he , and rosalie ask what she can do and say that she father have wait for this all he life and insist on take she along . roland ask where she father be , she point into parlor , and roland tell she that he will see about whether she will be take away or not and full of worry , rush into the parlor follow by rosalie . 28 . parlor colonel bird house . Colonel Bird be help mammy pack and roland rush in follow by rosalie . he go to the Colonel and protest against take he fiancée away from he . he put he arm around rosalie and say that he want to marry she now and keep she . the Colonel can not see this at all , and say : sp : " if you marry now , how be you go to support her ? " rosalie turn to roland and say that be the trouble -- that she father will not let she stay there and marry he because he can not support she . roland then turn to the Colonel and say : sp : " but , colonel , in another month everything will be all right ! " rosalie second the motion and try to persuade she father that everything will be all right , but she father shake he head , look grimly at roland and say : sp : " that's what cleveland say to I in ' 89 . " roland look discourage and realize that he be up against a hard proposition in the old Colonel , but try to explain that if they can just struggle along for a month he will have million , but the Colonel say : sp : " when you have you inheritance right in you hand , come down to bunkonia and get her . " roland , much discourage , still try to argue with the old boy , but he cut he off and go on about he work . roland then turn to rosalie , who by this time be in tear . at the sight of rosalie 's tear , roland forget he own disappointment , and put he arm around she , lead she off to a secluded corner out of sight of the old Colonel , seat she and try to comfort she , put he arm around she and say : sp : " the first of april be my birthday . I get my inheritance that day and i'll start at once for bunkonia . " at once rosalie look up at he with she eye full of tear and smile wanly . roland take she hand , wipe away she tear , kiss she and say : sp : " I will send you a cable every day ! " at this rosalie be greatly cheer up , she look and say : " will you , dear ? " and he assure she that he will and again kiss she . ( fade out . ) T : the american cable company did well that month but look what happened to roland house . 29 . hallway roland house . ( fade in . ) View of hall without a piece of furniture , bric - a - brac or picture . ( dissolve out . ) 30 . library roland house . ( dissolve in . ) View of Library absolutely bare . ( dissolve out . ) 31 . roland bedroom . ( dissolve in . ) bedroom have nothing in it but one couch , one chair and a soap box on which be roland 's mirror and toilet article . roland be asleep on the couch . presently Briggs enter , look about at the devastate room , then shaking he head over the laziness of he master , go wake roland up and say : sp : " I wish you a happy birthday , sir . " roland wake up , look at he , rub he eye , realize that he probation be over . Tom enter smile with a telegram in he hand which he give to roland who open it and read : insert--telegram . New York , March 31 , 1920 . " arrive Washington four-forty to -morrow , April first , to deliver inheritance . howe -greene . " roland jump out of bed , go over and clap Briggs on the back and shake hand with he - then shake hand with Tom . then make Briggs and Tom shake hand . tell they both he 's go to have load of money and they will be pay . roland then go over to he soap box on which be a calendar . he look at page mark " March 31 . " tear it off and look at page mark " April 1 . " he tear off the page with a flourish which read March 31st , turn it over and , sit on the floor , write on the back of it . Tom in the meantime send Briggs for he breakfast and get out roland 's clothes , brush they with great gusto . roland finish write and read what he have write . insert --what roland be writing . " miss rosalie Bird , Santo grafto , bunkonia . at last the great day be here . Lord howe - greene arrive to - day with my inheritance . leave for bunkonia to -morrow to claim you as my bride . roland . " he read it and tell Tom to send it . Tom take the message , scratch he head and look around the room for something to hock . roland want to know why he 's hesitate , and he tell he . roland then say : sp : " take the couch ! " Tom look at the couch dubiously , then look at roland and say : " where be you go to sleep to-night ? " roland , in a extravagant manner and with a grand flourish , tell he to take it away . sp : " I won 't be able to sleep to - night anyway ! " Tom go over , pick up the couch and start out of the room with it . at the door , roland stop he , pick up the one remain chair , hand it over to he and say : sp : " cable her some rose with this ! " Tom take the chair , start for the door when he suddenly think of the fact that Lord howe - greene be due that morning , so he stop , turn to roland and say : sp : " what dat lord howe - greene to sit on when he come ? " roland say that 's right , so he leave the chair and start out with the couch . Briggs in the meantime have enter with roland 's breakfast . put breakfast on soap box . roland tell he to put the chair down in the hall . Briggs doleful . roland slap he on the back -- tell he to cheer up . Briggs go out shaking he head and roland sit on chair and start he breakfast all smile . ( fade out . ) T : the new millionaire . 32 . front of roland house . ( fade in . ) roland 's taxi drive up and stop , follow by Tom 's . roland and Lord howe - greene with portfolio get out . Tom also get out with bag . howe - greene start up walk . Tom stop roland and show he three cent -- all he have and whisper to he , say : sp : " how do I pay the taxi ? " roland signify that he can not be annoyed with such little thing , say grandiloquently : sp : " tell they to wait ! " he follow Lord howe - greene up the walk while Tom go to the taxi and tell they to wait . then he follow with bag . 33 . reception hall roland house . it be perfectly bare . Briggs be just come down the stair carry the one chair that be leave , he put it down , look around at the bare hall , shake he head sadly , dust off the one chair , then look up quickly at hearing bell ringing , go over to the door . 34 . front of roland house . Briggs open the door and let roland and Lord howe - greene in follow by Tom with bag . 35 . hallway roland house . roland and Lord howe - greene enter , follow by Tom and Briggs . Briggs be delighted to see the old englishman but be terribly chagrine at the condition of the house . he take Lord howe - greene 's coat and hat , and roland engage Lord howe - greene in talk , then motion to Tom to get the chair into the library . Tom sneak the chair around behind Lord howe - greene and into the library . 36 . library . Tom sneak the chair in , put it down near the fireplace . 37 . hallway roland house . roland notice that Tom have the chair place , escort Lord howe - greene into the library with a grand flourish . 38 . library . Tom be stand behind the chair . Lord howe - greene and roland enter . Tom seat Lord howe - greene very ceremoniously in the chair . Lord howe - greene look around the empty room and be astound . he turn to roland and say : " I say , old fellow , the place look rather beastly bare . where 's the furniture ? " roland think for a moment , look at Tom ; Tom do some quick heavy think and finally say , very graciously : sp : " we sent the furniture out to be cleaned in honor of you coming . " roland smile in relief and in approval of Tom , and then say : sp : " the cleaners be on strike so they didn't get it do in time . " Lord howe - greene blandly accept the explanation and thanks he for he thoughtfulness . roland , who have be fondle the portfolio , can hardly wait for it to be open , and he give it to Lord howe - greene and then go and stand by the mantel with tom. Lord howe - greene fish out the papers , finally come to the will and start to read the glad news . he read for a moment and then insert -- " that provide say roland Stone have carry out previous instruction of the will , he father provide as follow : " roland , overcome with impatience , begin to get even more interested . Lord howe - greene clear he throat and go on read : insert -- " I bequeath to my son , roland Stone , one unencumber position in the anglo-american insurance Co. as solicit agent with a guarantee of $ 25.00 per week . " roland look in astonishment at Lord howe - greene as do also tom. Lord howe - greene clear he throat again and go on read : insert -- " if at the end of one year , the business say roland Stone procure for the company have prove profitable , the same will be a proof of he good business judgment , and he be then to come into possession of my entire fortune . " roland stare simply open-mouthed in astonishment and disappointment , while Tom can hardly believe he ear . insert -- " if on the other hand , the company at the end of one year have suffer a loss through the agency of say roland Stone , my entire fortune shall be give to the support of the Washington Home for incurables . " roland , absolutely dumbfounded by the news , stare at Lord howe - greene , then look around at Tom . Tom look at roland accusingly . roland then turn in discouragement and ask Lord howe - greene if there 's any more . Lord howe - greene go on read : insert -- " it be further provide that condition under which say roland Stone be to work , shall be subject to the approval of Lord howe - greene . " roland be utterly unable to take all of this in , and he insist on read it himself . Lord howe - greene hand it to he , and roland start in to read it as though he could hardly believe he eye . Tom look over he shoulder , and , finally disgust with the whole proceeding , he go over toward the window , stand there dejectedly and look out . 39 . STREET in front of roland house . flash of the two taxi wait , take from a angle of the house . 40 . library roland house . Tom receive a terrible shock on see the taxi and realize that they can not pay they . he then go over to roland , and tell he that the two taxi be out there , eat they head off . roland look out toward the window , think about the taxi , then look over to Lord howe - greene , who be sit comfortably in the last chair , think a moment , then go over to Lord howe - greene , excuse himself , take the chair from under the utterly flabbergasted Lord howe - greene , give it to Tom and tell he to take it out to pay the taxi . Tom take the chair and go out , Lord howe - greene look after he in wide - eye astonishment . roland then turn to Lord howe - greene and start in to protest about the condition of the will , but Lord howe - greene tell he that there be nothing that he can do . he take the papers from roland . sit on window sill ( especially build ) and start in to read the long document to roland . roland try to follow howe - greene get disgust , lean against wall and at length slip to floor and sit there disconsolate , think of he rotten luck and of the girl away off with he rival . ( dissolve out . ) 41 . studio garden in bunkonia . ( dissolve in . ) rosalie sit in a hammock with conwell stand near she , native play ukulele , fan they and give they ice drink , and conwell whisper sweet nothing in rosalie 's ear . 42 . library roland house . ( dissolve in . ) roland , sit in the corner , very much distress by the vision he have just see . Lord howe - greene be still sit on window sill read document . roland give he a dirty look , put he hand on he ear and at length jump up and stalk out into the hall , leave howe - greene still read . 43 . hallway --roland house . roland rush in from library , look back disgust at howe - greene , who be still read . at this moment Tom enter from street , go to roland , look at he despondently , and say : " what be we go to do now ? " roland put he hand on Tom 's shoulder , and say with great emphasis : sp : " look here , tom , you 've got to think of some way to get I to rosalie ! " Tom think a moment , finally he face brighten and he say : sp : " if you've got to sell insurance , why not sell it in bunkonia ? " roland be delighted at this , and tell Tom he know he would think up a way out -- that they can start for bunkonia to - morrow just as they have plan . Tom say of course they can . roland say they will put it up to Lord howe - greene at once and they go into the library . 44 . library , roland house . Lord howe - greene still sit read . roland and Tom enter , see he , and stop , both disgust . howe - greene finish he read . get up and go to they -- give roland the document , tell he it be very important for he to keep it safe . roland put it in he pocket then turn to howe - greene and say : sp : " I 've be thinking thing over , and I 've decide that if I have to sell insurance , I would like very much to get away from WASHINGTON . " Lord howe - greene indicate that he understand he feeling in the matter , think a moment and say : sp : " I have it ! you shall try new york . " roland look at he in utter astonishment and say he be surprised that Lord howe - greene would suggest such a terrible place to sell insurance . he then turn to Tom and Tom agree with he . roland then say to Lord howe - greene , sp : " new york would never do ! it be a terrible place for insurance ! " Lord howe - greene be interested , and want to know why , and roland go on say : sp : " why thousand of people be kill there DAILY ! " Lord howe - greene be tremendously interested and surprised and want to know how . roland go on to describe the terrible life that New yorker lead and we fade out . insert --animate cartoon of subway entrance -- people push they way madly into the subway . Interior of subway car . animate cartoon . conductor be pack people in , smash they in so they can hardly breathe and mash they against the wall so that they collapse . he hammer other on the head with mallet to get they to move back . everybody about he be mashed flat but still he push more in . ( fade out . ) roland conclude he story about the terrible life in New York and Lord howe - greene greatly surprised at this say : sp : " my word ! " roland appeal to Tom for confirmation and Tom nod he head and say that he have not hear the half of it . Lord howe - greene shake he head , think a moment and say : sp : " then you shall try chicago ! " roland be surprised at he suggest Chicago , shake he head , and say : sp : " chicago be worse . people be blown to death in chicago by million ! " he turn to Tom and Tom confirm this and Lord howe - greene , extremely puzzle and surprised , want to know how . roland then go on to describe a scene of how people be blow to death in Chicago , along Michigan Avenue . ( fade out . ) insert --animate cartoon . ( fade in . ) Michigan Avenue . people be be blow down the Avenue and slam up against wall where they mash out flat . some of they be blow over and over and some of they be roll like barrel . ( fade out . ) roland finish he tale about Chicago , and Tom agree with he , shaking he head and say : " it be indeed a terrible sight to see this thing that roland just describe ! " Lord howe - greene show great distress , and shake he head again and exclaim : sp : " my word ! " roland look over at Tom and give he a wink . Tom give roland the high sign and the two of they feel that thing be go fine when suddenly Lord howe - greene scratch he head and get a brilliant idea . he then tell roland that he have just the place for he and say : sp : " I have a cousin --a real estate agent in los angele -- who write I that the climate be so salubrious that every one live to a ripe old age . " roland look at Lord howe - greene in astonishment , feel that he have be stick at last . Lord howe - greene then pat he on the shoulder and say : sp : " that's the place for you , my boy ! " roland look genuinely alarmed and turn to Tom for aid , but Tom himself be pretty much stump at this . Lord howe - greene feel that they problem have be settle , say that that 's exactly the place and everything will be fine . roland stall , do some quick , heavy think , finally get a idea , and say : " Lord howe - greene , that 's exactly where you be wrong . " sp : " the trouble out there be that people never die . they won't buy insurance ! " roland be rather pleased with himself for think up this and Tom congratulate he on it , smile he approbation . Lord howe - greene can hardly believe this angle of the situation , say he do not think that 's possible . roland , realize that he have get to spike this say : sp : " why I tried to sell insurance out there once and what do you think happened ? " Lord howe - greene be interested and want to know what do happen to he . Tom look rather quizzically at roland , feel that he be get out beyond he depth . roland clear he throat and start in to describe what happen . ( fade out . ) 45 . front of bungalow in los angele . ( fade in . ) Three man with white whisker to they waist be play leap - frog on the lawn . roland come down the street , approach one with a insurance circular in he hand and ask if he could interest he in some insurance . the old fellow say : sp : " no , I don't want any insurance but you might see PA . " roland be surprised that a man of he age should have a father and ask where he be . the old fellow point to the front door of the bungalow and say : sp : " he's helping grandpa carry the piano up in grandma's room . " roland can hardly believe he ear at this and say " what ? " the old man nod and say : sp : " yes , grandma be go to take music lesson . " roland look aghast at the old man who go back to he leap -frog , and finally come to , go up to the house and ring the bell while the three old boy continue they leap -frog . presently a youthful look jap with long , white whisker open the door . roland ask for the father and be show in . 46 . hallway los angele bungalow . roland enter with the jap servant . pa and grandpa -- one with whisker to the knee and one with whisker to the ankle -- be lift a piano up the stair . roland approach pa and ask he if he could interest he in insurance . pa hold the piano with one hand , with the other take the young man 's circular and look at it . he then shake he head no , turn to grandpa and say : " Father , do you want any insurance ? " grandpa ask to see the circular and pa hand it up to he . grandpa look at it a minute , then look at roland , shake he head and say : sp : " I think not , son . I can look after my family for a few year yet , and by that time they will be able to take care of themselves . " he hand the circular back to roland and he and pa pick up the piano and go on upstairs , roland look after they in absolute amazement . ( fade out . ) 47 . library , roland house . ( fade in . ) roland finish he story about Los Angeles . turn to Tom who confirm everything he have say . Lord howe - greene , shaking he head in amazement over this extraordinary condition in America , say very weakly -- sp : " my word " ( in very small type ) . and Lord howe - greene be very much distress . he feel that this case be baffling he . he finally look up hopelessly and ask roland what they be go to do . roland , puzzle , turn to Tom and ask he what he think of the situation . Tom think a moment , finally get a idea , turn to Lord howe - greene and say : sp : " if you could only get he to go down to bunkonia . " roland pooh - pooh this idea and say no , he never would , he could not go there because it be too far away . but Tom go on into rapture about bunkonia , tell he what a marvelous place it be for business of all kind , and Lord howe - greene , glad of some solution to he problem , finally jump at the idea -- turn to roland and say : sp : " that be a idea ! new country - virgin field - it's just the place for you ! " roland think a minute as though he have to be convinced , but Lord howe - greene keep on begging he to take a chance . Tom join Lord howe - greene in urging he , and finally roland allow himself to be persuade , decide that he will go , Lord howe - greene shake he warmly by the hand and - ( fade out ) . T : santo grafto , capitol of bunkonia , the beautiful land of sunshine and flowers , music and laughter , tamale , typhoid and ptomaine . 48 . exterior view of town of santo grafto . ( fade in . ) show native , equipage , a few soldier , etc . ( dissolve out . ) 49 . park ( dissolve in ) singers , dancers , musician , flower seller , child , etc . ( dissolve out . ) T : king caramba and he council engaged in there favorite indoor sport of raising tax and downing liquor . 50 . the king council chamber . caramba sit at the head of the table with three councilor on he right and three on he leave -- among they be enrico . some servant in livery be stand about . one of the councilor have just finish read the text of a bill to raise the tax . King caramba be sound asleep with a bottle in he hand . enrico , the only sober one in the lot , be look in a sinister , calculate way around the table . the councilor who be read the bill sway as he read and the paper jiggle in he hand . 51 . insert paper raising tax . the councilor finish read , put paper in front of King and guide he hand while he sign it . insert -- King 's hand be signing the paper , it wander all over the paper so that most of the name be write on the table with a grand flourish at the end . after signing the paper , the king take another drink . the man take the paper and blow on it . enrico , with a sinister smile , get up and start to go . the councilor take the paper , wave it aloft to the other councilor who cheer in a drunken manner . they all pour out another bumper . enrico stand by the doorway in a calculate manner , then smile a satisfied smile , he turn on he heel and leave . ( fade out . ) T : the revolutionists await there leader at there rendezvous in the rue do stiletto . 52 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . ( fade in . ) a number of revolutionary leader be there , include the countess , conwell , the General and two man in citizen 's clothes . they be discuss matter more or less violently and wait for enrico . 53 . rendezvous at gate . enrico enter , look about stealthily , see that no one be watch and then wrap three time on the gate . the gate be open by a villainous servant and enrico enter . 54 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . the revolutionist be still talk together and they see enrico enter . they gather about he to get the news and enrico say : sp : " they be all drunk to - night . it will soon be time to strike . " they all rejoice at this . enrico ask the General about the army and he reply : sp : " two hundre of the army be with US now . it will take a hundre pesetas to win over the other fifty . " enrico be very angry at this , and ask he what he mean by a hundred peseta , and be very sore at the tremendous cost at buy this man . the countess stop he rave , put she finger over he lip , go into she stock , take out the money and give the General two bill , which amount to more than he have ask for . he then turn to conwell and start in to talk . the General put the money in he pocket but enrico notice he and say : sp : " here ! here ! give US the change ! " reluctantly the General dig it up , start to pass it over to the countess but enrico stop he before the countess notice , grab the money and put it in he own pocket . enrico then cross over to conwell and say : sp : " be you sure we can handle old bird when we're ready ? " conwell tell he it 's the easiest thing in the world , that the old man have get to do just what he say and wind up with : sp : " didn 't I get he this job ? " they all seem satisfied with this and go on plotting . ( fade out . ) T : on the edge of this political volcano sit our old friend , colonel bird , at peace with all the world in the fullness of he ignorance . 55 . colonel bird room in the consulate . ( dissolve in . ) Colonel Bird be sit at he desk read a political book . mammy be straighten room and dusting . rosalie enter dress for the street . she go to the Colonel , look over he shoulder , tell he that he work too hard , make he promise he will get some rest and kiss he good - by and go out . 56 . conwell' room in the consulate . conwell be sit at he desk very busily but rather slyly make out a report . rosalie come from she father 's room , say good morning to conwell and start to pass through . conwell immediately jump to he foot , come to she , and stop she , admire she dress , etc . rosalie show by she attitude that she have begin to fear this man . she start to pass he but he take she by the hand , restrain she and say : sp : " how much longer be you go to keep I waiting ? " rosalie be embarrassed and do not know what to say . she tell he that she do not care about he in that way and he finally say : sp : " don't you think you owe I something after all I 've do for you father ? " she express she gratitude for the help he have be to she father but do not quite see why she should marry he for that reason . conwell be get impatient and finally say : sp : " you father as good as promised that you'd marry I . " rosalie be surprised and incredulous , say she do not believe it and turn and go to the door . conwell try to restrain she but do not succeed . rosalie call in to she father and ask if he will come in . 57 . colonel bird room at consulate . Colonel Bird put down he book and go in to conwell 's room . 58 . conwell' room at consulate . rosalie look up at she father almost in tear and ask if he promise that she marry conwell . Colonel Bird berate conwell for suggest such a thing , tell she she shall marry the man of she choice . conwell protest that Bird be indebted to he for he job , Colonel Bird straighten himself up with great dignity and say : sp : " well , sir , didn 't I make you my secretary ? " conwell look at he as much as to say - " you poor old simp - just wait . " Colonel Bird take rosalie to the door , kiss she good - by and she go out . he then turn to conwell and tell he to stop annoying he daughter . 59 . exterior consulate . rosalie come out and go down the street toward the station . 60 . conwell' room at consulate . Colonel Bird be still lay down the law to conwell who nod he head , and Colonel Bird go back to he own room . conwell look after he in a menace way , then shake he fist after he and suggest that he will get even with he yet . he then get he hat and go out . ( fade out . ) 61 . railway station at santo grafto . Station master be there , baggage man , three or four native , some kid and several pretty native girl . rosalie also be wait . the train come in , a couple of soldier get off and greet the girl . two native get off and then Tom and roland get off . rosalie rush to they . roland kiss she , she greet Tom and lead they off . 62 . back of santo grafto station . carriage wait with native driver . rosalie enter with roland and Tom , they get into the carriage and drive off . ( fade out . ) T : the HOTEL del mosquito . 63 . front of HOTEL . ( fade in . ) there be several table in front of the hotel and also several booth and a sign over the entrance . several people be sit at the table drink . at one table sit the countess and enrico . conwell enter and join they , rather sore over he rebuff by rosalie . they ask he why so grouchy and he tell they . they give he the laugh but enrico slap he on the back and tell he she will come around all right . waiter be go in and out . a pretty girl be sell flower , a couple of musician be play guitar . carriage drive up with rosalie , roland and Tom . Tom and roland get out , a native porter come from the hotel and take they bag into the hotel follow by Tom , while roland stop to speak to rosalie . conwell look up , see roland and be very much disturb . he call the attention of he two friend to roland and tell they who he be and they all look searchingly at he . roland say a very affectionate good - by to rosalie and say : sp : " may I come to see you this evening ? " rosalie tell he that he may , bid he good - by and he watch she drive away , sigh and turn and go into hotel . conwell half hide so that roland will not see he . after he be well out of sight conwell start to grumble at he ill luck at have this fellow come down here . enrico pat he on the back , whisper in he ear and say : sp : " we can put he out of the way during the revolution . " the countess nod that this will be easy but conwell look doubtful , shake he head and say : sp : " no , it would be dangerous for US -- he's too well known in WASHINGTON . " conwell show he anger and chagrin at the turn of affair . enrico shrug he shoulder but the countess start in to think of some way out . 64 . hallway outside roland apartment . porter enter with roland and Tom , open door and they enter roland 's room . 65 . roland apartment in the HOTEL . the porter show Tom and roland in . roland be quite pleased with the place , tip the porter generously ; the porter leave , follow by Tom and he bag . 66 . front of HOTEL . conwell be still cursing he luck . enrico be sympathetic but helpless . the countess be think heavily and finally get a idea . she lean over , pat conwell on the hand and say : sp : " there's something on every man if you can only find it . leave it to me. i'll find something to hang on he . " enrico approve of this , conwell be slightly interested and the countess go on explain that she have tackle many a difficult proposition and win out . just to leave it to she . ( fade out . ) T : evening . 67 . beautiful courtyard or garden at the consulate . roland , dinner coat , and rosalie , evening dress , and the Colonel be there . roland have just finish tell the story of he dad 's direction regard he fortune and he finish up by say to rosalie : sp : " so we've got to wait another year , rosalie . " she take he hand and say she do not mind at all , she know he will be a great success . the old Colonel come to he , take he by the hand and say : sp : " i'm glad something have set you to work , but you 've got to win to get rosalie . " roland thanks the Colonel , tell he he know it and that he 's go to make good . the Colonel rather brusquely tell he he hope he do and then leave . rosalie run to roland , tell he she know he 's go to make good . 68 . hallway outside roland apartment . the countess enter , look around stealthily , go to the door , try it , find it lock , take a hairpin from she hair , unlock the door with it , look around and enter . 69 . roland room in HOTEL . the countess in dark evening dress enter and close the door . begins to rummage around among roland 's thing in he wardrobe trunk she finally uncover lot of blank insurance policy . she show great interest in the discovery of the papers , as papers be one of she main stock in trade . she start feverishly to examine they . insert --handful of insurance blanks . the countess look at they in disgust , put they back where she find they and go on hunt . 70 . garden of consulate . another very beautiful shot with rosalie and roland stand or sit on a bench plan they future . 71 . roland bedroom in HOTEL . the countess still rummage around . down in the bottom drawer of the trunk , she discover a copy of roland 's father 's instruction which have be give he by Lord howe - greene . she pounce on this and read it . insert -- if at the end of one year the business say roland Stone procure for the company have prove profitable , the same will be proof of he good business judgment and he be then to come into possession of my entire fortune . countess ponder over this a moment , then read next paragraph : insert -- part of statement as follow : " if , on the other hand , the company at the end of one year have suffer a loss through agency of say roland Stone , my entire fortune shall be give to the support of the Washington Home for incurables . " the countess gloat over this discovery , carefully replace everything just as she find it , conceal the paper in she dress and stealthily leave the room . 72 . exterior of consulate . roland be just bid rosalie good - night . she be express she good wish for he success . roland look out toward the view of bunkonia , then turn to rosalie and say : sp : " why , in a virgin field like this , I can't help but make the company money . " rosalie be just as certain as he be about it . he then go on tell she that in just one little year he will be claim she . rosalie be delighted . roland timidly kiss she , say good - night and leave . rosalie look after he and sigh . 73 . cafe of the HOTEL . enrico and conwell sit at a table smoking and drink . conwell be quite nervous and irritable . enrico be try to jolly he up . the countess enter in a very mysterious way , sit beside they and tell they with much glee but in great secretiveness that she have great news . she stealthily draw the paper from she dress and show it to they . insert --same clause as before with the countess ' finger pointing to it . conwell and enrico be puzzle over this , and conwell ask the countess how it concern he . the countess look furtively about and say : sp : " don 't you see --if he lose money for the company , he lose the fortune and the girl ! " enrico and conwell consider this for a moment , and finally realize the truth of it but ask the countess what she have in she bean . the countess look furtively about and say : sp : " we'll have he insure the live of the king and council . " enrico and conwell look at she , then at each other and ask what good that will do . the countess look at they in a surprised way and say : sp : " aren't they all to be kill in our revolution ? " slowly the force of this break over the mind of enrico and conwell , they face become wreathe in smile , at length both laugh boisterously . conwell take the paper and look at it again , then rise , take he glass , hold it out toward the countess and say : sp : " to the women --bless they . what would we do without they ? " he and enrico raise they glass and drink to the countess who smile and blushes . ( fade out . ) T : the next morning --the plant . 74 . front of the HOTEL . ( fade in . ) roland be sit at a table in the f.g. have he breakfast . conwell and enrico come to the hotel doorway and look out . they finally spot roland . conwell then give instruction to enrico as to what to do . he then go out toward roland while enrico back into the hotel doorway and wait . conwell go over to roland , slap he on the back , greet he heartily . roland rise , rather embarrassed , conwell shake he hand cordially and sit beside he . enrico in the doorway watch with a sinister smile . conwell ask roland what he be do down in bunkonia . roland say : sp : " I 've come down to sell insurance . " conwell be interested in this and roland tell he in a few word what he want to do . conwell be quite interested and say : sp : " perhap I can give you a boost . I know all the big gun down here . " roland be mildly interested but not overly enthusiastic as he know something of conwell 's boast proclivity . however he thanks he . conwell offer roland a cigarette and while roland be take it , conwell quickly signal to enrico . enrico see the signal and walk down to the front of the hotel . conwell look up sharply , pretend he have just see enrico , point he out to roland , who look also , and conwell then speak , say : sp : " that's enrico do castanet , secretary of war , and a great pal of king caramba . " roland be quite impressed . conwell say he will bring he over and get up and go over toward enrico . enrico turn , see he , greet he very enthusiastically , say , " ah , my friend , " shake he hand and raise he hat at the same time conwell be do it . conwell then ask he if he will not come over and meet he friend , at the same time give enrico the wink . enrico say he will be pleased and they both go over to roland 's table . conwell introduce enrico to roland . enrico again raise he hat . they all sit , roland order drink and conwell briefly tell enrico about roland 's business . enrico say he be interested in any friend of conwell 's and after a few word of explanation from roland , enrico say to conwell : sp : " there's a meeting of the council to - night . why not bring you friend ? i'll have he meet the king . " roland be quite overcome by all this kindness , and conwell say : " that be exactly the thing to do . " conwell take he drink , hold it up and say : sp : " herex hoping you insure the live of the king and all he council . " they all drink to roland 's success . roland be overcome by they kindness . ( fade out . ) T : at the council meeting . 75 . king caramba' council room . ( fade in . ) King caramba and he councilor be there , booz as usual . conwell be stand make a speech to they which they be not listen to very intently . conwell be tell they what a great thing insurance be , and say : sp : " right at you very door , gentlemen , be a young yankee who be able to sell you this wonderful life insurance . " the councilor listen in a drunken way , all except old señor frijole , who be very sore and grouchy and signifies that he want nothing to do with this yankee and he business . enrico rise to speak , tell they what a wonderful thing insurance be , and then he say : sp : " why , do you realize , gentlemen , that we get thousand of pesetas for a mere few hundre ? " he turn to conwell and ask he if he be right . conwell assure he he be right , and then continue he speech . at this the councilor begin to take very much more interest . they signify that this must be very good after all , all except old señor frijole , who be sit next to enrico . he pull enrico 's sleeve and say : sp : " but you have to die to get it -- don't you ? " enrico give he a quick , dirty look , tell he to shut up , which squelch he somewhat , but he go on mumble to himself . conwell go on talk , say that this opportunity should not be overlook . he sit down . enrico say he think it be a fine idea and say : sp : " I will take 10,000 pesetas myself . " at this the councilor be more interested than ever as they know enrico be not the type to be do . Old frijole go on grumble into he glass of liquor say he will have nothing to do with it . conwell go over to the door , open it and go out . 76 . hallway in palace . roland sit on a settee . conwell come from Council room . roland with application in he hand jump up nervously and meet he . conwell tell he it be all right and they go into Council room . 77 . council room . conwell bring roland in and introduce he to the councilor who greet he with drunken enthusiasm , while conwell stand in the background with a menace leer . roland be very much pleased , but bashful , overcome by he luck . enrico , with a grand flourish , ask roland for a application which roland give he , and he sign he own application with a grand flourish and hand it over to roland as if to say - - " there , what more assurance do you want that this be a good thing ? " at this the other councilor all reach out drunkenly and grab application , roland write in the amount , and all of they signing the duplication drunkenly . enrico and conwell exchange triumphant look , but old señor frijole show he disgust for the entire affair . he finally go up and try to keep the King from signing he application , but the King give he a push , he stagger back into he chair , mumble and grumble and warning they against yankee trick . by this time , roland have most of the application sign , conwell come up , pat he on the back and congratulate he . ( fade out . ) T : about a week later . ( fade in . ) 78 . colonel bird room in consulate . rosalie in simple evening dress be stand by the window . roland , in a blue coat and flannel trousers , rush in and rosalie run to he . he tell she he have a surprise for she . she be very much interested and want to know what it be . he say : sp : " I 've insure king caramba and he councilor for nearly a hundre thousand dollar . " rosalie be amaze and delighted at this good news . roland say : sp : " I just deliver the policy and collected the premium . " rosalie be in ecstasy and throw she arm around he and kiss he , much to he embarrassment , although he be also greatly pleased . roland say : sp : " I want you to come out to help celebrate my good fortune . " she be delighted , pick up a tulle scarf and go out with roland . 79 . conwell' room in consulate . conwell be stand at desk as roland and rosalie enter . conwell turn to they smile . roland stop and tell rosalie conwell 's influence get he he big client . he go to conwell and thanks he , shaking he hand . rosalie be surprised and puzzle that conwell should help roland . roland get rosalie and they go out bid conwell good - night . conwell look after they leer . 80 . exterior consulate . roland and rosalie come out of the Consulate and leave in the direction of the hotel . 81 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . the countess , three other revolutionist and about thirty soldier be there . they be all excited and talk among themselves . 82 . gateway of rendezvous . General enter hurriedly and knock three time -- gate open and he quickly enter . 83 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . revolutionist talk and await somebody . the general enter and join group . he look about and say : sp : " enrico have just left the council meeting . as soon as he come we strike . " he then leave and go to soldier -- the other discuss this news excitedly . 84 . gateway of rendezvous . a group of six or eight soldier , lead by a sergeant , approach skulkingly -- the sergeant knock at the gate which open and the soldier all sneak in . 85 . exterior consulate . Colonel enter from opposite direction take by roland and rosalie and enter consulate . four guard look out from hide place . 86 . cafe in front of the HOTEL ( night ) . several people at table . roland and rosalie enter and go into one of the little booth and sit down -- waiter come and take they order -- they be very happy . 87 . exterior consulate . enrico enter , whistle softly , and four guard sneak out of hide place and come to he . he ask if Colonel Bird be home . they tell he he have just go in . he tell they to wait in the shadow and they go into the shadow and enrico , look about cautiously , go to the porch and knock three time . 88 . conwell' room in consulate . conwell at desk hear knock , glance toward the colonel 's room and go to the door , open it . enrico quickly enter . conwell close the door . enrico ask he if the Colonel be in . he smile and say yes . enrico tell he he have come to fix old Bird . conwell say : " easy - - he will do anything you say , " and tell he to wait a moment and go into the Colonel 's room . 89 . colonel' room . Colonel at he desk . conwell enter , tell he that enrico de castanet wish to see he . Colonel somewhat surprised and a little bit flatter , swell up a bit , tell conwell to show señor de castanet in . conwell open the door and de castanet enter . the Colonel greet he and they sit down and conwell go out and they begin to talk , enrico tell he that they be go to pull a revolution that night and put King caramba and he council out of the way . 90 . cafe in front of HOTEL . roland and rosalie still dining , have a grand time . a couple of revolutionist enter and sit in the booth next to theirs . 91 . colonel' room . enrico be talk very earnestly to the Colonel . at length he say : sp : " now if you will advise the american president to recognize our new government to-morrow , it will mean almost anything you wish to ask . " the old Colonel be puzzle and vaguely alarmed at this , do not quite get it . ask enrico : sp : " be you offering I a bribe ? " enrico shrug he shoulder and say if that be what he choose to call it . the old Colonel become very angry , rise at he desk , begin to lay down the law to enrico and say : sp : " you would have I barter the honor of my country ? be you aware , sir , that you be dealing with a loyal american citizen ? " he bang the table , stretch himself to he full height . enrico rise and try to argue with he , but the Colonel brushes he away and grandiloquently point to american flag . sp : " that , sir , be the greatest flag in the world and no act of mine shall ever stain it . " at the finish of the speech , the old Colonel , with a grand flourish , order enrico out of the room . enrico back out , protest all the way . the old man kick he out at the finish . 92 . conwell' office . conwell wait expectantly . enrico land in the room , to which he have be catapult by the old Colonel 's foot . conwell come to he , much perturb . 93 . col . bird room at the consulate . Old Colonel slam the door and walk up and down in excitement . 94 . conwell' room . enrico angrily tell conwell what happen in the other room . conwell very sore and disgust at the old man , say : sp : " have you guard kidnap he and lock he up and i'll take charge of the consulate . enrico angrily approve of this and rush outdoors . 95 . colonel' room at consulate . Colonel at he desk , rapidly write a telegram , press button . 96 . conwell' room at consulate . conwell , look out hear the button , go into the Colonel 's room . 97 . colonel' room at consulate . Colonel finish telegram , rise . conwell come to he . Colonel indignantly tell he in a very few word what have happen , point to the flag , hammer he chest in great indignation , show he a telegram which he be send . conwell read telegram : insert--telegram . to capt . henry halyard , U. S. battleship utah , porto punko , bunkonia . revolution threatened here to - night . send marine at once to protect american interest . bird , consul . conwell smile at this . the Colonel order he to send it at once and conwell , still smile , start to leave the room , when the door open and in burst enrico with he four guard . he tell they to arrest the Colonel , which they do , but the old boy put up a fight . they finally overcome he and hold he prisoner . he appeal to conwell , who only laugh at he and tear up the telegram and throw it in he face , shake he finger at the old man and say : sp : " we shall see now who be the boss around here . " the old Colonel be annoyed and try to get at conwell but the guard hold he . conwell smile and say : sp : " we shall see now whether I get you daughter or not . " he tell the guard to rush the old man out , which they do , follow by conwell and enrico . 98 . conwell' room in consulate . the guard rush the old Colonel through the room and out , follow by conwell and enrico . 99 . front of the consulate . Guards rush the old Colonel out follow by enrico and conwell . enrico tell the guard : sp : " lock he up in the dungeon under the palace . " he scribbles on a card that he give to one of the guard . the guard rush the Colonel off toward the palace and enrico and conwell go in the opposite direction , toward the rendezvous . 100 . cafe in front of HOTEL . ( Long shot ) show the two booth , with roland and rosalie in one and the two revolutionist in the other . close up of table with roland and rosalie . they be talk animatedly . roland have a little notebook in he hand , which he show to rosalie and say : sp : " think what this means to US , rosalie ! I can't fail now . " rosalie be delighted at the wonder of this -- take he hand and they go on talk of they plan . close up of the table with the revolutionists . a third revolutionist officer come in hurriedly , sit down , look about and say : sp : " the hour to strike be at hand . " the other revolutionist listen . close up of roland and rosalie . they be prick up they ear . close up of revolutionists ' table . one ask the newcomer what be go to happen and he say : sp : " the revolution start to - night . " the other two gloat over this . close up -- roland and rosalie listen , they alarm grow , roland climb on chair and look into next booth . other booth --roland look over top , frighten . the revolutionist go on talk , the newcomer say : sp : " king caramba and he council will be kill first . " they go on talk together . close up , roland and rosalie -- roland be dismay at what he have hear . rosalie start to speak and he tell she to keep quiet and he listen over the partition . close up , three revolutionists -- they be talk , call waiter , pay he and get up and leave hurriedly . roland duck down . close up of roland -- finally he realize what be to happen , and that it mean ruin and he turn to rosalie and say : sp : " they be go to kill every one i've insure . " they be both terribly alarmed and realize that this mean ruin for they hope . they do not know what to do , at length rosalie say : sp : " we must have father send for help . " roland in he terror agree to this -- he throw a bill on the table , she grab he by the hand and they rush out . 101 . exterior revolutionists ' rendezvous -- enrico and conwell enter . enrico knock on door three time , the door be open and they enter . 102 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . enrico and conwell enter and join countess and General and tell they the time have come to strike -- that old Bird refuse enrico 's request , that they chuck he in prison and conwell now be boss of the Consulate . 103 . dungeon under palace . four guard rush in Colonel Bird and chuck he in one of the cell , lock the door and rush out . 104 . exterior consulate . roland and rosalie run in and rush into the Consulate . 105 . conwell' room at consulate . roland and rosalie rush through . 106 . col . bird room at consulate . roland and rosalie rush in -- see the overturn furniture and realize something have happen . mammy enter from back door . rosalie run to she and ask what have happen and she do not know . rosalie ask mammy where she father be . mammy say she leave he here . rosalie be terrify . rosalie and the old servant rush out . rosalie upstairs and mammy to kitchen to look for the Colonel . roland pick up the bit of the telegram from the floor and piece they together . rosalie come back into the room and the old servant enter and shake she head . rosalie in terror , say : sp : " father be not here . " roland think a moment , realize that they have take he away , show he anger at this , call rosalie to he , finish piece the telegram together and then read it . insert of telegram piece together . rosalie have read the telegram show hope in she face and say to roland : sp : " you must send that message at once . " roland jump at this and gather up the piece in he hand , start to go , then think of the girl , stop and ask she what she will do in the meantime . she say never to mind , but to go on , old mammy will stay with she . roland be reluctant to go , but rosalie go to the drawer of the desk , take out she father 's old army revolver , and then go to roland and say : sp : " I am a american girl and can take care of myself . " she tell he to go and force he out toward the door . he take she in he arm and kiss she and rush out . the old mammy come to she and put she arm about she . 107 . front of consulate --roland rush out and down the street toward the station . 108 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . the countess , the General and a few other officer , about 100 soldier and a major be there . enrico be give he instruction to the various people . conwell and enrico enter . conwell tell countess , General and other what have happen and tell they what to do . conwell say : sp : " look here , what about the girl ? I want her abducted and kept for I in the palace . " enrico say that 's all right -- tell the general to put a guard at the disposal of conwell . conwell and the general leave - - go to soldier . enrico tell countess to look after the girl when she get to the palace . countess say she will and enrico go on talk to other . about 100 soldier be there . conwell and General enter . General select a guard of about three man . tell they to obey conwell 's order and conwell leave with the three man . the General then turn to the rest of the soldier instruct they as to what they be to do . 109 . exterior R. R. station . roland run in and enter station . 110 . interior R. R. station and telegraph office . roland rush in and tell station master he want to send a message . start to write it . Station master stop he -- say he can not send message . roland ask why . Station master point to telegraph instrument . close up of telegraph instrument smashed . roland ask who do that . Station master say : sp : " the revolutionists . " roland be nonpluse for the moment -- rush out of the door , follow by the station master . 111 . exterior R. R. station . roland rush out follow by station master . roland run in the direction of the hotel . Station master look after he and bite he thumb at he , then go back into station . 112 . exterior window side of consulate . conwell sneak in with he three soldier and peek in window and see -- 113 . col . bird room in consulate --rosalie sit tense hold gun and watch door . mammy beside she stand . 114 . exterior window side of consulate . conwell show he chagrin at the fact of rosalie 's have a gun , think a moment , then tell he guard to keep very quiet and follow he . he sneak out toward front of house , follow by guard very quietly . 115 . cafe in front of HOTEL . Tom be sit in one of the booth shoot crap with a native civilian . roland rush in , tell Tom about the revolution , say : sp : " we've got to save all that gink I insure . " he grab Tom and they rush out of the cafe toward the palace leave the native flat . 116 . conwell' room in consulate . conwell , with he three guard , enter stealthily . he place the three guard against the wall on each side of the door lead to the Colonel 's room and he then knock on the door . 117 . colonel' room in consulate . rosalie , terrify , say : " who be it ? " 118 . conwell' room in consulate . conwell say , " it 's I -- Jim conwell . " 119 . colonel' room in consulate . rosalie , greatly relieved , lower gun and say , " come in . " conwell enter , leave the door open . he smile ingratiatingly and come forward . she ask he if he know where she father be . he do not know , but pat she reassuringly on the shoulder and gently take the revolver from she . in this position he whistle . the girl look up quickly and jump to she foot in alarm , but before she can make any move , the three guard rush in and seize she . conwell step to she and say : sp : " don't be alarm , these gentlemen will escort you to the king palace where our wedding will take place to-morrow morning . " rosalie be horrify at this and start to struggle , but the man hold she and start to take she out of the room . the old mammy grab a big book and lambast conwell over the head , stun he for a moment . she then run for the guard , jump on they back like a cat . by this time conwell have regain he foot , grab the color servant and bang she on the head with something heavy , then chuck she over into a corner and he follow the guard and rosalie out through a back door . 120 . back door of consulate . conwell rush out follow by the three guard drag rosalie . they start toward palace but conwell stop they and say : sp : " we'll keep her in our rendezvous until enrico capture the palace . " they all exit in the opposite direction . 121 . revolutionists ' rendezvous . enrico be there with the General , Major and countess . enrico be harangue the soldier , give they final instruction . they all cheer . enrico call Major to he and tell he to look after the countess and after they have capture the palace to bring she there . Major salute and step aside with countess . enrico go on harangue the soldier and at length say : sp : " and remember there be a price of thirty pesetas on the head of the king ! " they all cheer . enrico draw he sword and say : sp : " on to the palace ! " he give order to fall in , which they do , then forward march . they all march out lead by enrico , the countess and Major look after they . T : thirty pesetas ' worth of royalty . 122 . king bedchamber . councilor stand by bed all salute drunkenly . two lackey carry the King ( who be dress in a long white night gown and night cap and hugging a bottle of booze to he chest ) and chuck he on the bed , cover he up and stand . the king doze off into a drunken stupor . councilor salute and stagger out toward Council room ( follow by lackey ) . 123 . hallway in palace . councilor stagger out of King 's bedroom across hall and into Council room . 124 . council room in palace . councilor stagger in and sit at table and begin booz -- drink to : sp : " good rest to he majesty . " they all down a drink and sit down . 125 . front door of palace . two royal guard on duty ( uniform elaborate and different from that of the army ) . roland and Tom rush up and demand admittance and be refuse . roland say it be very important to see the king , but they will not let he in . Tom want to wallop they on the nose and go in , but be restrain by they gun and finally he and roland leave in disgust and go down to the edge of the grounds , then look back and see the guard be not look and beat it around to the side of the palace . 126 . STREET . enrico , the General and soldier march through toward palace . 127 . wall of palace ( outside ) . roland and Tom run in and scale wall . 128 . wall of palace ( inside ) . roland and Tom jump down and run toward back of palace . 129 . back of palace . roland and Tom run in . Tom lean down and make a step stone for roland , who jump from he back to window , push it open and crawl in . he then pull Tom up after he . 130 . hallway of palace . looking toward the back . roland and Tom crawl in the window , quickly look about , rush into the Council room . 131 . council chamber . councilor all drunk . Tom and roland rush in from hall , tell they there be a revolution on and they have get to beat it to save they hide as the soldier and revolutionist be come . they all get up in a drunken , stupid sort of way -- do not take it in . two lackey rush out the window at back . roland demand of one of the councilor : sp : " where be the king ? " the councilor , half souse , point across the hall . roland and Tom stir up the councilor and drive they out into the hall . one of they be too far go to walk . roland pitch he over to Tom who throw he over he shoulder and carry he out . Little frijole , the grouch , be the soberest of the lot and realize the situation and try to follow along , but roland give he a shove and land he in a chair , say : sp : " get away ! you 're not insure . " they all go out into the hall , frijole get up and follow . as he do so , he draw a old revolver out of he pocket . 132 . hallway in the palace . they all cross the hallway to the king 's bedroom -- Tom carry he councilor , frijole follow , wave he revolver . 133 . king bedroom . they all rush in Tom carry the same councilor and frijole wave he revolver . roland rush to the king 's bed and wake he up while the councilor stagger about stupidly , bump into each other and not yet fully realize what 's up . Tom drop he councilor on a couch or floor . roland wake the king up -- pull he out of bed -- tell he that the revolutionist be come and he have get to get out . the King be very stupid from drink and do not take it in . roland shake he and try to make he understand . 134 . STREET corner nearer the palace . enrico , the General and army march through . 135 . king bedroom . roland , try to make old King caramba understand , say to Tom : sp : " get some water . " Tom leave . roland go on shaking the King . close up of little private sideboard or bar in corner of room . Tom rush in , look for water but there be none . he turn and say : sp : " everything here but watah ! " roland say to bring a bottle of something . Tom take a bottle of champagne , knock neck off of it and go toward bed . close up by bed -- roland still try to bring King to . Tom enter with champagne . roland take it and souse it in King 's face -- King fall back on bed . roland and Tom pull he up again to he foot . King lick champagne from he face with tongue . they punch , pummel and slap he and finally bring he to . roland tell he about the revolution -- that they must get out of the palace and hide . the King look around and see the various councilor . finally realize what be up -- ask where the revolutionist be . 136 . front of palace . two royal guard sleep on ground . enrico , General and soldier march in . Royal guard be overpower and enrico , General and soldier begin to bang on door . 137 . king bedroom . in palace . roland tell he they be rush on the Palace . the old King be scared blue -- begin to shake and tremble . roland ask he if he do not know some way to get out . finally the old King come to he sense enough to remember a trap door under the flagging of the floor . he take roland over to the place in the floor and point down there . roland and Tom look and see nothing but flagging . the old King keep point and poke with he toe , say : sp : " stairway under there . " finally roland tap the flagging with he heel . then he and Tom get down on they knee and try to pull up the stone . it will not come . they look up at the King . he say , yes , that 's the place . sp : " tunnel -- lead to EL juggo prison . " Tom then get a big jack - knife from he pocket , open it and begin to pry up the flagging . the old King clap he hand and nod he head . roland and Tom continue pull up the flagging from the floor . 138 . front of the palace . enrico , the General and soldier bang on the door . 139 . the king bedroom . roland finish pull up the last stone . Tom chuck the stone under the bed . roland then raise the trap door , start to shove the councilor down . 140 . front of the palace . Soldiers still bang on the door try to break it down . 141 . the king bedchamber . roland be shooing the King and councilor down the stairway . frijole keep but in and roland push he back . close up of the stairway . frijole be try to push himself down , but roland hold he back and say : sp : " I told you to keep out of this -- you're not insure . " but frijole insist that he shall go and raise he revolver at roland . roland duck and knock the revolver out of he hand . Tom pick it up . roland push frijole over to Tom , who pick up the little man and drop he out of the window . 142 . front of palace . Soldiers still bang on the door -- door break through and they enter . 143 . king bedchamber in palace . Tom run to door to hall , open it a crack and peek out . 144 . hallway of palace ( front end ) . Soldiers rush in . enrico be hold he soldier at the door , through which they have break , tell they just where to go . 145 . king bedchamber . Tom call to roland to look . roland come to the door and look . 146 . hallway in palace . enrico give instruction to he man . 147 . king bedroom . Tom aim revolver at enrico . roland stop he and say : sp : " for god' sake don't kill he . he's insure for ten thousand dollar . " he grab Tom , close the door and lock it , pull Tom away . 148 . hallway . enrico , with a flourish , lead he man down the hall toward the King 's bedroom . 149 . king bedroom . Tom pick up he councilor and start down through trap with he . roland quickly remove trace of the break floor , take a rug and pull it to the back of the trap door . 150 . hallway of palace . enrico and part of he soldier be beat down the door of the King 's chamber -- the rest go to the council chamber . 151 . king bedchamber . he close the trap just as the door break open and enrico rush in with he soldier . enrico rush to the bed , see the King be go , look angrily all about the room , point toward the council chamber and they all rush out . 152 . council chamber . Soldiers with General look about come in from door lead to other room where they have find nothing . enrico enter , follow by soldier , discover there be nobody there . he meet the General and they be much puzzle as to who could have tip off the King and let he escape . the General shrug he shoulder , say if they have escape , enrico can proclaim himself dictator . enrico go to the head of the council table , the General on he right raise he sword and shouting : sp : " the king and council having fled , senor do castanet proclaim himself dictator of bunkonia ! " Soldiers wave they hat , officer they sword , and all acclaim he dictator . he start to make a speech and say : sp : " general , our first move must be to capture and shoot our renegade king and he council . " the General approve and call a officer and tell he to take a troop and go after the King . Officer leave . 153 . hallway of palace . Officer come in , get together he man , and beat it . 154 . old stone stairway with heavy wooden door at the top . roland , Tom , King and four councilor stumble up the stair . 155 . hallway of EL juggo prison with heavy wooden door at back . Guard be sit there half asleep . he arouse a little bit . 156 . old stone stairway with heavy wooden door ( same as 154 ) . roland still beat on the door . 157 . hallway of jail . the guard , amaze at hearing the noise outside this door , get up , unlock the big lock and open the door . roland rush in with the King on he arm , follow by the four councilor , Tom carry one . the guard be dumbfounded at see all this notables come through the tunnel and ask what the trouble be . roland tell he there be a revolution . he look closely at the King , realize who it be , drop to he knee and kiss the King 's hand . roland pull he up to he foot and say : sp : " I want you to lock this whole gang up until I can get help ! " the guard look at roland then at the King and say : sp : " lock up my king -- never ! " he then kneel down and kiss the king 's hand . roland again pull he to he foot , take he aside and give he a couple of peseta . the guard say , " sure , that 's all right , " grab the King and hustle he and other down corridor , Tom carry he councilor . roland tell Tom to stay with they . Tom follow they down the corridor and roland beat it out of the front of the jail . 158 . hallway in palace . countess and Major enter , follow by conwell , rosalie and guard . they walk down the hall and into the Council chamber . 159 . council chamber . enrico at the head of the table , the General on he right ( councilor ' liquor still on table ) . several other officer at the table and a number of soldier stand about . countess enter with Colonel , conwell , rosalie and guard . countess be escort by Colonel to enrico , who kiss she hand and step over to rosalie , who be with conwell . she be terribly frighten but enrico leer at she and tell she she have nothing to fear . then turn to the party and say : sp : " let US drink to our little bride . " they all take glass . conwell raise glass to rosalie and say : sp : " to-morrow at ten . " they all drink to rosalie , who stand shiver pitifully . ( Quick fade out . ) T : too late . 160 . exterior consulate . roland run in and rush in the Consulate . 161 . colonel' room in consulate -- Old mammy lie unconscious where conwell have throw she . roland rush in , be alarmed at see the girl go . he go to mammy , raise she up , shake she , rub she hand and slap they , try to bring she to . 162 . STREET . Tom run through desperately . 163 . colonel' room in consulate . roland be give mammy a drink of water . she open she eye and slowly come to . he put she in a chair and ask she what have happen . she pull herself together and say that conwell be there with soldier -- say : sp : " they take her to the king palace ! they be go to make her marry conwell in the morning ! " roland show he alarm and anger , be stump for a moment . the old mammy beg he to save she girl . roland think for a minute what be best to do . 164 . front of consulate . Tom run in and rush into the house . 165 . colonel' room in consulate . roland be still talk to old mammy , who be describe what happen . Tom rush in from conwell 's room , rush to roland and all out of breath point hand and say : sp : " the revolutionists pay the jail guard ten pezit and he turned over the king and he whole gang to they ! " roland be in despair at this news . Tom still panting , say : sp : " they be go to shoot they all in the morning ! " roland be utterly flabbergasted at this , look bewilder at Tom and the old mammy and finally say to Tom that they have rosalie in the palace and be go to make she marry conwell . Tom be open mouth at this news . at length roland say : sp : " there's only one chance -- we must go to porto punko and get the marine ! " Tom and the old mammy be very much interested in this and urge he to try it and roland ask mammy if she be all right . she say she be and tell they to go on . Tom and roland beat it out toward the front . she look after they . 166 . front of consulate . roland and Tom come out and rush down the street toward the station . 167 . dungeon under palace . squad of soldier bring in the King and four councilor . Tom 's councilor be be carry . they chuck they in the cell and go out . col . Bird look out of adjoin cell and demand that he be release . the soldier spit at he and go out . 168 . the R. R. station -- roland and Tom run in and quickly enter the station . 169 . interior R. R. station . roland and Tom rush in . roland ask the station master when the next train go to porto punko . Station master laugh sardonically and reply : sp : " no train to porto punko to - night ! the revolution leader have give order that no one shall leave town ! " he laugh again at Tom and roland . roland look at Tom in alarm then ask the station master if he be sure . Station master say of course he 's sure . roland step out of back door . Tom start a altercation with the station master , tell he he be too fresh , etc . 170 . exterior back of station . roland come out and look around in desperation . see native riding by on a old bony horse , run to he and try to hire horse . 171 . interior R. R. station . Tom and station master 's argument be get warmer . they be threaten each other violently . 172 . exterior front R. R. station . two soldier ( officer with revolver ) ride up on hand car , get off and run into station . 173 . interior R. R. station . Tom be pound station master 's head on counter as two officer enter . they see he , draw they revolver and shout , " throw up you hand . " Tom stop thumping station master and throw up he hand . they make he turn toward front door and while one cover he the other talk excitedly to station master . 174 . exterior back of R. R. station . roland try to bribe native to give he horse , but native refuse and ride off . roland turn and look toward station and see -- 175 . interior R. R. station . one of officer cover Tom whose hand be up , the other talk to station master . 176 . exterior back of R. R. station . roland , alarmed , run to station . 177 . interior R. R. station . Officer finish he talk with station master , cover Tom also and they start to march he toward front door . roland rush in and fairly catapult himself on the two officer , knock they down . then he and Tom rush out front door jump over officer . 178 . exterior front of R. R. station . Tom and roland rush out of station and start down road . 179 . interior R. R. station . two officer scramble to they foot and rush out front door , follow by station master . 180 . exterior front of R. R. station . roland and Tom run down road . two officer rush out , see they and both fire at they . roland fall and Tom stop to help he . the two officer run up to they follow by station master . they stick Tom up again and jerk roland to he foot . roland lose he hat and put he hand to he head . he have only a scalp wound . two common soldier run in from opposite direction -- attract by shot . one of the officer say to they : sp : " take they to the palace dungeon and lock they up . " the two soldier start off with roland and Tom . the officer say , " wait a minute " -- they stop . he speak to the other officer who nod he head . the first officer then say to Tom : sp : " you come with US . " he tell the two soldier to take roland off , which they do . the two officer then march Tom off to the hand car , follow by station master . arrive at the hand car one of they say to Tom : sp : " get on there and pump that car . " Tom and two officer get on hand car . officer cover Tom with they revolver . the station master say : sp : " where be you go ? " one of the officer turn to he and say : sp : " to porto punko . " at this Tom 's face light up and he begin to pump like mad and the hand car go down the track in opposite direction to one of train in scene . Station master wave he hand to they and exit to station . ( fade out . ) T : next morning . the fatal hour approach . 181 . plaza --front of palace . Soldiers be line up in front of palace . populace in native costume be run about talk excitedly and read placard which be post all about . insert--placard ( in fake language ) . proklamationiz bingus do spolio kayitz ! etc . dissolve into english which read : proclamation ex rex caramba and he council have deserted there people . enrico do castanet have be proclaimed dictator by unanimous vote of the army . caramba and he council will be shot at ten . all tax will be raised twenty per cent at ten-thirty . the people be frighten at this and call other to read . 182 . courtyard back of palace . Officer enter from palace with sixteen soldier . he pick out ten for a fire squad . he go to the wall and pace off a distance , then line up he fire squad . he then take the other six and go back into the palace . 183 . council room . enrico enter with magistrate carry a book . enrico lead he across the room and say : sp : " the wedding take place here ! " the magistrate say " all right " and get ready . 184 . dungeon under palace . conwell and guard with gun enter and open the door of cell and drag roland out leave old Colonel in . they lock the door . roland reach through the bar and grasp Bird 's hand , say " good - bye . " they take out roland , who have a handkerchief tie around he head . March out . roland then straighten up and march out like a sidney carton . 185 . council room . enrico and magistrate be wait ( no gun on anybody in this scene ) . countess enter with rosalie who be terrify and completely cow . enrico go to she , pinch she cheek and say : sp : " well , have you made up you mind to marry conwell ? " she weakly shake she head and say she do not know what to do . enrico smile and say : sp : " so you'd rather see you father kill , would you ? " she miserably shake she head and say " no . " enrico pat she on the shoulder and say : " that 's a sensible little girl . " 186 . hall of palace . roland , with two guard and conwell , come up the stair and they march to the door of council room and stop . conwell smile at roland and say : sp : " I did you a good turn , now you be go to do I one . " roland look at he suspiciously and conwell still smile , say : sp : " you're go to be best man at my wedding . " he then throw the door wide open and indicate the wedding party on the opposite side of the room , with a flourish . roland look in astound and horrify . 187 . council room . enrico , magistrate , countess and rosalie stand opposite door . they all look at doorway and see conwell and roland . rosalie stand transfix with she eye wide open . 188 . hall in palace . roland stand transfix , look at rosalie . conwell invite he in with a sinister smile and enter first , follow by roland , who be follow by the two guard . 189 . council room . conwell enter , follow by roland and two guard . conwell cross to rosalie but roland stop near door , with guard back of he almost in doorway . conwell take rosalie 's hand , tell she roland be to be they best man and , look tauntingly at roland , he lean over and kiss she . this infuriate roland so he cannot contain himself . he suddenly whirl , push the two guard in the face . they fall through the door out into the hall . roland quickly close the door . 190 . hall in palace . the two guard fall through the doorway , sprawling on the floor . 191 . council room . roland close the door and lock it , turn and rush upon the astonished conwell . then follow a general mixup . roland have to fight conwell , enrico and possibly the magistrate - - or the magistrate might be a old guy who beat it out the window as soon as the fight begin . rosalie try to help by pick up a vase or some such object and hit conwell or enrico , but the countess stop she and rosalie keep the countess busy by struggle with all she might . conwell must be put out completely and roland conquer enrico and the magistrate and would be a complete winner but for the countess . while she be struggle with rosalie and the fight be go on , the guard in the hall struggle to they foot and begin bang on the door . the countess hear this and she object be to get the door open . she be prevent for some time by rosalie but just as roland have finish off conwell and the magistrate and have enrico down and practically out , the countess manage to get the door open and let in the two guard . they cover roland and he rise and surrender . conwell and enrico be pretty far go but they manage to get up and enrico say to the guard : sp : " take he to the courtyard and shoot he ! " the guard rush roland out -- rosalie collapse . during this fight we see a long shot of Tom with a american flag and the marine come down the street . a man run to a group of the populace and say : " the Americans be come ! " the whole of this group then run out toward the palace . this group run to the crowd in front of the palace and yell : " the Americans be come ! " the crowd fall back to the other side of the Plaza and the soldier guard the palace look anxiously up and down . Tom with he marine rush into the plaza . the crowd fall back and the soldier guard beat it hot foot . part of the marine rush into the palace , lead by Tom . the man with the flag and the rest of they stop outside and guard the palace . also , during this fight the officer and he guard of six man take the King and councilor out of they cell and lead they off toward the courtyard , line they up against the wall , tie they hand behind they , blindfold each one and be just about to give the order to shoot when Tom rush into the courtyard with he marine , who chase the soldier off and Tom pick up the King and carry he and shoos they all before he into the palace , have jerk off they blindfold . 192 . hallway of palace . just as the two guard bring roland out of the Council room into the hall and start toward the stair , Tom run in at front with he marine . the guard , see they , drop roland and beat it out the back window . roland greet Tom ecstatically , look at he watch , see that it be one-half minute to ten and say : sp : " try and save the king and council ! " Tom want to know where they be and roland point down stair and back . roland tell twenty of the marine to come with he and the rest run down stair with Tom . roland lead he little bunch into the council room . 193 . council room . countess be hold up rosalie , conwell lean against the wall side of she . magistrate be start marriage service . enrico be sit on the table hold he head and watch the ceremony . the door burst open and in rush roland with six marine . he rush over and grasp rosalie and tell the marine to cover all the other , which they do . 194 . courtyard of palace . officer just finish blindfold King and councilor . they be all line up to be shot . firing squad be all ready -- sixteen in all , now . Officer leave King and councilor and take place at end of fire squad . he be just about to raise he sword when Tom run in from the Palace , let out a yell , and follow by he twenty marine rush in . the soldier see they , run like mad , chase by the marine . Tom quickly jerk off blindfold and shoos the whole bunch -- King and councilor -- into the palace . 195 . council room . Colonel Bird and two marine run in . rosalie rush to she father 's arm and roland tell Bird to look after she and to go into the hall , which they do . he tell two of the marine to guard conwell and the countess and magistrate . he then grab enrico , tell the other six marine to follow , and drag enrico out into the hall , follow by six marine . 196 . hallway in palace . Colonel Bird and rosalie be wait . roland drag enrico out , follow by six marine . they start toward the front . at this moment the King and Council come up the stair head by Tom . roland grab the King in he other hand , call Tom and tell he to bring the King along ; hand he over to Tom . tell the marine to herd along the Council , and they all go toward front of hall . 197 . front of the palace . people wait . american soldier there . roland and Tom drag the King and enrico out on the porch , follow by Bird and Marines . the people become silent , not know what have happen . close up of roland starting speech . he raise he hand while Tom hold the King . he point at the King , then turn and say : sp : " my friend , for ten year you beautiful country have be rule by this comic opera king , who have not drawn a sober breath since he ascended the throne . " Tom hold up the King , to whom roland point -- the King weakly protest . roland turn front and speak again , point at enrico : sp : " last night the king be dethroned by the most corrupt and contemptible grafter the country have ever known --enrico do castanet ! " he point at enrico , who grit he tooth and want to pounce on roland , but be restrain by gun of marine at he back . roland look triumphantly at enrico , then front , and say : sp : " the first act of this tyrant , on assuming power , be to raise the already exorbitant tax ! " the people nod they head " yes " and shake they fist at enrico . roland point to enrico and say , " look at he . " he then turn to the King and say " look at he . " then he turn to the people and say : sp : " be either of these wretch fit to rule this beautiful country ? " the people shake they head yell " no , no , " and to-hel both the King and enrico . close up of roland listen to this demonstration , turn first to the King and then to enrico , as if to say " ah , you see , " and then front again and say : sp : " in america we choose our own ruler and determine ourselves what our tax be to be . " long shot of the crowd -- hear this , turn to each other and express they approval of the idea , one or two yell out exclamation of approval . close up of roland -- smiling , look again at the man on he right and leave and again speak front : sp : " why not change this government into a democracy like america and all the civilize country of the world ? " long shot of the crowd , yell approval , wave they hat and hand and ( fade out ) . T : and so a new republic be born . they tried to make roland president , but there be only one job he wanted . 198 . fade in judge's court . roland be sit on the bench all dolled up in a judge 's rig . beside he stand Tom in a policeman 's uniform . he indicate to Tom to bring in the prisoner . Tom tell a officer to open the door . close up of door at side of room . Officer open door and the King and four councilor and enrico file past the camera go to the front of the judge 's bench . long shot of courtroom , show prisoner , judge and Tom . close up of roland look over the prisoner and say : sp : " you be all sentenced to one year in prison --this country must be made safe for democracy and insurance . " the prisoner all look at each other in dismay . Tom step down , start to jerk enrico roughly toward the door . roland raise he hand and speak : sp : " treat they gently , chief . there policy don't expire for eleven month ! " then Tom take they very gently and lead they out of the room . as they go out , roland say : sp : " we'll call that a day . court be adjourned ! " he leave by door at back . 199 . garden . rosalie wait . roland come to she . ( fade out . ) screenplay by anita loos and John emerson geovisit ( ) ;