hot tub time machine written by josh Heald hot Tub time Machine theme lyric by josh Heald Music by definitely leppard , styx , journey , poison , or whitesnake Water cranke to a hundred and three get my tune , my snack , my booze , my skis ( get the ) freshest move you ever see when I be soakin in my hot Tub time Machine when you be go back to the 80s ... and you might be fuckin some lady ... you bring you button fly jeans and some sweet hair gel want blow ? all you gotta do be yell ( yeah you be ) lookin real smooth , ( and you be ) lookin real mean when you be soakin in you hot Tub time Machine yeah ! hot Tub - time Machine ! hot Tub - time Machine ! c'mon ! ( sweet guitar solo - 16 measure ] relaxed as hell when you be goin through time that 's the 54 jet workin ' on you spine ( yeah ) you gotta be loose and you gotta be lean when you roll up in you hot Tub time Machine yeah you shirt 's a little psychedelic ... and you be lookin kinda like Tom selleck ... yeah the chick be wetter than the everglade but double bag you dude , do not wanna get aids just listen right up , consider I you dean in the college of the hot Tub time Machine yeah ! hot Tub - time Machine ! hot Tub - time Machine ! yeah ! fade in : ext . pool deck - day blue skie . a beautiful sunny day . camera pan down to reveal a hot tub full of hot chick in bikinis . they splash about playfully . then -- a fucking lion jump in the hot tub ! as the girl scream and scramble for safety , the beast roar and it become the : mgm logo dissolve to : int . bedroom - day adam coleman ( late 30 , good-look , sweet - nature face ) be in a great mood as he pack a suitcase . lily ( o.s. ) ready for the wildest bachelor party of all time ? lily ( early 30 , shirt and jeans , hot in a smart and classy sense ) walk in the room , smile . adam you know it . I be gonna bang all sort of chick this weekend ! lily that 's not the answer I be look for . adam sorry , honey . Adam give he beautiful fiancee a playful kiss . she show he some photo . lily look what I find ... 2 . angle : photo a bunch of teenager and 20 - somethings party in a large hot tub at a ski resort . it look like the most fun ever . adam check out that young stud . can you believe he 's about to get marry ? lily and Adam look through more photo of a young adam ( 17 ) party at a ski resort with he friend : -- in full 80s ski gear on a mountain ... -- eat pizza at " papa enzo 's , " stuff they face ... -- drink beer at the " brew haus , " a awesome pub ... -- in the hot tub with six girl ... Adam snatch the last photo from she . adam ( cont 'd ) ignore that one . nothing happen . ( beat ) I love you . lily laugh . lily Adam , you do not know I yet . as Adam go back to pack , lily leaf through some more of the photo . she stop at one and she expression change . lily ( cont 'd ) who 's this ? lily show Adam a photo : -- a smoking hot ski bunny ( 23 , blonde , svelte , leg warmer ) . adam I be not sure . lily really ? lily show Adam another photo : -- young adam with he arm around the ski bunny , who look like she be ambush for the photo . 3. adam oh! jennie . lily who 's jennie ? adam she 's nobody . ski instructor . ( off she look ) you do not know I yet . lily still look at he a little hard . adam ( cont 'd ) lily , I be 17 . she have boob and a face . of course I be gonna take she picture . lily still look a little bother . lily do you still think of she ? adam of course not ! I think of you . as Adam go to embrace she : lily hold on ... lily go into the closet . adam sweetie ? she come out a moment later with a cardboard BOX , which she empty onto the bed . about fifty porno magazine spill out , range from tit monthly to black ass . adam ( cont 'd ) how do you know where I hide my ... treasure ? lily carefully pick up a brochure from the pile , hold it by the corner , not want to touch it . lily explain this . from adam' Pov , we see the brochure : -- a ski brochure feature jennie on the cover . 4. adam ok ! you catch I ! I occasionally ... reminisce ... about jennie o' keefe ! lily that 's gross . ( then ) what 's " occasionally ? " adam ( without miss a beat ) about two hour ago when you be on the phone with you mother . lily Jesus . tell I how I be suppose to let you go to you bachelor party and not be a basket case ? adam what be you so worried about ? lily I be worried that you be still think about this girl . adam baby , the girl in that picture be nothing more than a crush . I could never get she and there 's no possibility I will ever be with she . she be a total stranger . lily get a curious look on she face . lily so ... you be into stranger ? adam well not the creepy " you mom be in a accident , now come with I " kind . but yeah , the hot lady in the supermarket kind of stranger . you have to admit - it 's kinda hot . lily so you be say if you and I do not know each other , it would be pretty hot if we fool around ? adam you kid I ? it would be fuck incredible . 5 . lily smile seductively , as Adam start to get it . adam ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . be you suggest ... yes . yes ! Adam excitedly head for the door . adam ( cont 'd ) ok , I will go down the hall . you get into character . ( point at she ) this fuck rule . Adam leave the room and lily remove her shirt , talk sexy and slowly building the fantasy ... lily oh I be all alone in this big house . cheerlead camp just end and I need to get out of this sweaty clothes ... adam ( o.s. ) Love where you be go with this , baby ! keep it up ! she unbutton she pants and slide down her jeans . lily mmmm . my panty be so tight against my firm naked body ... adam ( o.s. ) you should probably take they off ! lily be you gonna let I do this ? adam ( o.s. ) sorry ! continue ! you be just about to take off you panty ! she slowly slide out of she panty , kick they away . now she 's totally naked . she continue to role play . lily it feel so good to be so naked . I hope no one can see I ... just then a black man ( late 30 , handsome , J Crew ) saunter through the bedroom door , hold a coffee and all rile up . 6 . black man ok , so this asshole in front of I at the donut place be -- whoa ! lily cover up and scream . lily get out of here !! he spill the coffee on he hand and they rug as he turn . black man fuck ! ow ! I be sorry . I will clean it up . that 's gonna stain , though . lily just leave ! he head for the door , just as : Adam come in , wear a mailman hat and nothing else . adam special delivery for -- Jesus Christ ! the black man do not know which way to look . he cover he eye and drip coffee , as he blindly step toward the door . black man ( not looking ) just tell I when I be in the clear . CUT to : ext . adam' house - day Adam wheel he suitcase down the front path of this modest , well - keep suburban home , as a recover , dress , embarrassed and somewhat shell - shocked lily follow with a small bag . they both stop 10 yard short of a range rover , where the black man , nick , wait in the car , wave . lily I can not wait for you to come back and marry I . wow , that 's crazy . Adam look almost like it just hit he . 7. adam yeah . ( realization ) wow . lily tell I again I have nothing to worry about . adam Babe , look at Nick ... in the car , Nick air drum to whatever 's on the radio . adam ( cont 'd ) you think with he in charge , we be gonna get into any kind of trouble ? we will probably eat too much pizza and I will twist my ankle get off the ski lift . lily ok . have a awesome bachelor party . not too awesome . ( hand he bag ) I get you something . Adam look in the bag . adam sandwich . thanks . he put it in he backpack . she look like she be expect a different reaction , but she let it go . he kiss she . lily let I see you phone . he take it out . adam I tell you , I will call you when -- she snatch it out of he hand . Adam look confuse , as she pocket the phone . lily despite my anxiety , I be not gonna be one of that woman who want a update every ten minute . even though I do want a update every ten minute . Adam smile . lily look a bit trepidatious . 8. lily ( cont 'd ) just make sure whatever happen , you be back for the rehearsal dinner . ( showing concern ) I totally trust you . adam you should . I be a lame - o. lily well at least you be a cute lame - of . lily lean in and they nuzzle they nose together in a disgusting display of affection . a flash go off . from the car , Nick hold up he iphone . nick I be more than willing to forget about earlier , but this shit 's go on Facebook . int . nick be car - day - drive Nick drive through suburbia , while Adam ride shotgun . nick I have no idea what Facebook be . my phone have a button that say send to Facebook . I have be send shit there for month . Adam look out the window , smile . adam I be so psyched about this weekend ! nick ditto , buddy . I be gonna help you make up for all the good time you miss when you be be a responsible member of society . adam you be a good friend . I be sorry for put my career and self sufficiency above bowl night . nick this trip represent everything awesome about be a dude . ( more ) 9 . nick ( cont 'd ) we be gonna drink too much , eat whatever we want ... ( fantasizing ) I might not even change my sock . adam live the dream . nick best of all , we do not have to answer to anyone . Nick 's phone ring and he answer it with he build - in bluetooth . his phone voice be a little more " sensitive . " nick ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) hi honey . courtney ( v.0 . ) Three goddamn bag of pretzel ? nick ( on phone ) ( try to save face ) I be with Adam , honey . courtney ( v.0 . ) hi Adam . ( a little calmer ) Nick , what have I tell you about buy snack that be not on sale ? nick ( on phone ) you say not to do it . courtney ( v.0 . ) and what do you do ? nick ( on phone ) I buy three bag of pretzel . but I be gonna eat they ... courtney ( v.0 . ) that 's not the point . ( admonishing ) do not do it again . Nick and Adam exchange a embarrassing glance . nick ( on phone ) ok . courtney ( v.0 . ) call I from the road . Adam , say hi to lily . 10 . adam ( on phone ) ok , I sure wi -- click . for a moment , there be a uncomfortable silence . adam ( cont 'd ) do not she parent own the supermarket ? nick the whole damn chain . ( then ) just be thankful lily do not have any family money . nothing make you dick softer . ext . motel -- day Nick 's car pull into the lot of a rundown motel . int . / ext . nick be car - day Adam look confuse and slightly nervous . adam this look like a place where people die . mostly from murder . a bald , miserable - look guy in he late 30 ( lou ) exit a room , carry two shopping bag . he get in the back seat . Adam look happy to see he . adam ( cont 'd ) Lou ! lou yes , I be live in a transient motel . let 's get that purple elephant out of the room . adam dude , it look nice . lou thank you . I hate you gut . adam ( be : the bag ) what would you bring ? 11 . lou all my belonging . nick so you be sorta like a bum now , huh ? lou in a sense . int . nick be car - day - drive Lou sit in the backseat , voraciously eat a bowl of cereal , as the other guy be up front . lou we system be fuck , gentleman . you tell I how a whore wife can fuck some black dude - no offense - and still take she cuckold of a husband for all he 's get . nick why would I take offense to that ? lou it 's offensive . nick because he 's black ? lou and because he 's fuck my wife . and because you be black . and because of all the oversensitive horrible garbage ... you know what ? forget no offense . just offense . be you offended ? nick not really . lou then shut the fuck up . adam she 's get a hell of a attorney . lou yes and thank you so very much for give she the referral . 12 . adam she tell I it be for a friend . nick so ... what ? you wife like black dick now ? lou I be gonna slaughter you in you sleep tonight . adam ( turn to Lou , genuine ) thanks for come , man . ext . upscale apartment build - day Nick 's car pull up across from a nice apartment building , as a well - dress , well - groom , overly polished - look young guy in he 20 ( jacob ) come out , carry a messenger bag . int . nick's car -- same time the guy watch Jacob carefully cross the street . lou oh , Adam 's stupid brother 's come ? boo ! drive away before he get in the car ! adam be nice . I know Jacob 's kind of a douche , but I be try to be closer to he since Mom die . Jacob get in the back next to Lou . lou ( very insincere ) hey buddy ! how 's it go ? good to see you ! jacob you look dirty and you smell bad . lou you look gay and you smell like a basket of fancy soap . advantage I . jacob how be that to you advantage ? 13 . adam he 's not gay . he 's just ... what be you again ? jacob metrosexual . lou you have sex with train ? jacob for you information , I fuck chick . hot one . lou for you information , you fuck dude . Gay one . jacob yeah , well at least I be young and my life 's full of potential . I hear you be homeless now ? lou ( to Nick and Adam ) you tell he ?! ( grimace ) I hate all you people . adam will you two please shake hand and make up ? we be gonna be spend a lot of time together . Jacob distractedly texts on he phone . jacob yeah , about that . why be not we go to aspen ? vermont 's lame . adam it 's gonna be fun . jacob yeah , whatever . and with that , the guy travel in silence for a few moment , the lifeblood drain from the car . finally ... lou I have gotta take a shit . 14 . int . burger king rest stop - day Lou walk from the bathroom back to the table where Adam , Nick , and Jacob sit and eat . lou that be a ugly experience . nick I do not wanna hear about it . lou in a few year , when I be die of a exotic disease that cause my penis to bleed until it fall off , someone remember to tell the hospital to check out the filthy crapper at the albany Rest stop . it 's the aids monkey of toilet . the guy put down they sandwich . adam thank you . lou I do not know how you be do it , man . I mean , Laurie 's hot , do not get I wrong . adam ( correcting ) lily . lou right. lily . but one vagina ? forever ? adam that 's the sacrifice . Jacob nod , agree with Lou 's concern . jacob and you be ok with that ? I do not know you sexual history , but you sure you get it out of you system ? adam I do ok for myself . lou he do not do that well for himself . 15 . nick yeah , be not lily you fourth ? adam fifth . thank you . jacob so you be average like one girl every eight year . adam assume I get laid when I be zero . lou that would be awesome . Adam give Lou a distasteful look . adam I be fine . maybe some cold foot , but that 's normal . thank you everyone for you concern . jacob just look out for you . that 's what brother do , right ? they look out for each other ? adam ( take a moment ) be this about something else ? jacob forget it . adam no , let 's do this . I be sorry I be not around when you be grow up , ok ? I be in college . and then I be work . dad leave . someone have to take responsibility . lou booooor ! adam ( to lou ) shut up . jacob I say forget it . 16 . nick guy , come on . let 's move past it . this be gonna be a fun weekend . jacob I still say vermont suck . lou you be confusing vermont with yourself . this weekend be go to be incredible and you will not ruin it for I . adam ( soften , to Jacob ) you might like it . havenhurst be pretty awesome . Jacob shrug , but Lou get excited . lou fuck yeah it be ! we be gonna ski the trail and bone some tail ! adam ( laugh ) you will have to bone some of that tail for I , man . lou fuck that . you will bone you own . adam no I will not . lou Adam , trust I . biggest mistake of my life - not fuck a whore at my bachelor party . nick that 's the biggest mistake of you life ? lou fuck yeah . and he 's not make that same mistake . adam uh ... I be not have sex with anyone this weekend . Lou look at Adam , try to figure thing out . 17 . lou ohhhh . I gotcha . ( winking ) you be not have sex this weekend . adam I be not have sex this weekend . without the winking . lou ( winking ) right . no winking . ( wink again ) I understand . adam I be pretty sure you do not . int . / ext . nick be car - day - drive Nick 's car transition from the highway to the mountain to the wood , as we track the drive . finally , the car pass a " welcome to havenhurst " sign . nick gentlemen ... welcome to havenhurst . adam yes ! ext . havenhurst MAIN drag - afternoon the car wind through the main thoroughfare . Rather than a quaint ski town , this place resemble a suburban nightmare , with strip mall and chain restaurant . it 's the exact opposite of the fun town we see in Adam 's photo . int . / ext . nick be car - afternoon - drive the guy look out the window , wear bum expression . jacob so this be the coolest town ever ? adam oh man . the brew haus be a pf chang 's . Lou notice a tgi Friday 's , with a sign advertising a " Hannah Montana 3 - D experience ! " he look utterly disgust . 18 . lou I do not even have the heart to tell you what I just fuck see . but say goodbye to papa enzo 's . this town suck . nick what the fuck be go on ? the car climb a twisty part of the road . nick ( cont 'd ) please god let it still be there ... jacob what ? adam pink paradise . best strip club ever . the car round the corner and a sign come into view . the beginning read " pink . " nick yes ! it life ! the car continue to climb and the whole sign come into view : " pinkberry . " lou I wanna die . jacob ( oblivious ) sweet , there 's a pinkberry here . ext . pine valley inn - afternoon the car pull into the parking lot of this rundown lodge . int . pine valley inn / lobby - afternoon the guy walk in and the first thing they notice be a bunch of cat that wander anywhere they want . the large " live room " area off the lobby feature a FIRE place that have be bricked shut . toddler and elderly people lounge and cry and nap . 19 . lou ( to nick ) what have you do to we ? adam I be not play drink game with my grandma . nick ok so the place skew a little older . let 's check in . we be not spend we time inside anyway . int . pine valley inn / hallway - minute later the guy walk silently behind a middle - aged bellhop ( phil ) , who struggle to wrangle they bag on a shaky hand truck . his job be make more difficult because he only have one arm . he grunt and curse he way down the hall on the slow and laborious journey . but when Adam try to pick up a bag ... phil ( curt ) hey buddy . I be not gonna tell you again . I fuckin ' get it . Adam back off . lou this guy 's a dick . nick shh -- lou no , fuck that . ( louder ) he 's a dick . oooh tough guy . he 's gotta be mister America . jacob Captain America . lou go fuck yourself . phil finally drop they bag at they room and then : phil I be ready to be tip . 20 . lou ( self unaware ) you , sir , have no tact . Nick give phil a bill and he walk off down the hall , leave the guy outside they room . nick gentlemen ... in this room lie the beginning of we awesome weekend . jacob or a continuation of everything that 's suck so far . lou yeah , I bet it 's gonna be lame as shit in there . the furniture probably smell like mold . jacob I say we go to foxwood . lou I actually kinda like that idea . adam guy ! everyone look at Adam . adam ( cont 'd ) let 's give it a chance . we do not know for sure that the room suck . Nick nod , appreciate the optimism . he open the door : int . pine valley inn / suite - afternoon the room suck . the ancient furniture look like it smell like mold and there be nothing redeemable about the place . adam ( shrug ) ok , so now we know . the guy drag they bag in and depressingly take stock of the situation -- presently the dirty old room . jacob what the hell be with this place ? 21 . lou it 's like a Stephen King novel , except not as cool . nick we will feel a lot better once we hit the slope . ( smile ) plus , I know there 's one thing to look forward to . ext . pine valley inn / patio - afternoon on a patio outside they suite , we guy stare at a kick - ass top of the line hot tub . spacious seating , plenty of jet , underwater lighting . it 's amazing . Adam , Nick , and Lou look energize . lou thank . god. adam at least some thing never change . jacob what 's the big deal about a hot tub ? adam shame on you . nick there 's plenty of time for tubbin' . let 's ski . ext . mountain - afternoon at the top of the mountain , Adam , Nick , and Lou look ridiculous in tight , retro - style neon ski jumpsuit . Jacob , on a snowboard , be the only one dress in current attire . jacob ( be : they outfit ) when 's the last time you guy actually go ski ? adam it 's be a few year . nick I think we look good . 22. jacob then you be a idiot . nick all right , we race down the mountain . loser busy first round . premium shit only . jacob you gonna be all right ? nick what do that mean ? jacob I dunno - do black dude ski ? nick of course black dude ski . be not I wear skis ? jacob I be just not sure you be representative . nick you be call I a uncle Tom ? jacob I do not even know what that mean . nick it mean black dude ski . ( pull down goggle ) catch ya at the bottom . Nick take off and ... get about 15 feet , before he hit a grassy patch and fall over . lou Black dude do not ski . adam ( mock yelling ) how 's the bottom ? CUT to : adam hit a bad patch and fall down . CUT to : 23. jacob and lou collide , both try to avoid a bare patch . CUT to : nick pick up speed , before hitting a bare patch and falling . a little old lady slowly skis past he , kicking up powder . ext . havenhurst MAIN drag - night Nick wear he " go out clothes " and walk along the main drag talk into he phone . it be clear that he be be constantly interrupted on the other end of the conversation . nick ( on phone ) no , the black one ... without the pleat ... because the pleat make I look fat ... no , I put it on the amex ... because I be the best man ... I know , but I be organize ... I be gonna get cash fr -- I be gonna get -- I be gonna collect cash from the guy ... yes ... yes ... yes . ( long pause ) I love you too . Nick hang up and we see that Adam , Lou , and Jacob have be walk with he , listen to he end of the conversation . adam ( sympathetic ) dude ... nick ( clap hand ) ok , who 's ready to sink they tooth into a delicious dinner ? int . p.f. chang be - night we four guy look miserable , as they sit around a table at this popular chinese food chain restaurant . they overzealous waiter ( aiden ) make a big production of mixing sauce , like he 's emeril . aiden you fella look like you can handle some spice . I be gonna knock it up a bit ... throw some chili sauce in there ... oh yeah , there it be . this be gonna knock you sock off . 24 . Nick 's expression look like he want to kill the guy . nick thank you . the waiter walk away and Nick raise he glass in a toast . nick ( cont 'd ) I would like to propose a toast . to my best friend , Adam . he may be throw he life away , but at least he 's throw it away with a hot chick at he side . the guy laugh and clink glass . nick ( cont 'd ) and so what if you only have one vagina for the rest of you life . speak as someone who 's see you wife 's vagina -- it 's definitely one of the good one . Lou and Jacob look confuse , but clink glass anyway , as Adam mouth " what the fuck " to Nick . Jacob raise he glass . jacob to my brother , I say thank you for include I . I promise to try to make the most of it . the guy look confuse at the backhand graciousness . adam thanks for come , man . it mean a lot to I . Jacob nod halfheartedly . nick to Adam ! guy to Adam ! the guy hug and clink glass and excitedly chatter . just then , a manager appear at the table and clear he throat . manager gentlemen . you be go to have to keep it down . 25 nick come on , man . it 's we friend 's bachelor party . we be just try to roast he a little bit . manager well if you like roast , I suggest the roast peke duck . it 's out of this world and as I be sure aiden have tell you , he can make it quite spicy . the guy look bother . manager ( cont 'd ) but as for the noisy kind of roast , that 's go to have to stop . we have many other guest try to enjoy the p.f. chang 's experience . the manager walk away . for a moment , the guy be quiet . Lou take a bite of he food , chew slowly . lou this kung pau chicken pair very nicely with the 97 cab . very impressive choice , Nick . nick thank you . lou also , this be the worst bachelor party I have ever be to . everyone put down they fork , cathartically feed up . jacob totally agree . adam Nick , look . you have great intention . no one 's blame you . lou I be blame he . jacob I be totally blame he . I do not even want to go ski . 26 . nick ok I will admit this trip be not off to the best start . but we be due for a victory ! Nick think and actually get a idea . he snap he finger . nick ( cont 'd ) hot tub ! a lightbulb go off for Adam too . adam yes ! Lou get up and throw down he napkin . lou why do we even bother with dinner ? Adam and Nick get up too . jacob guy , I be still hungry . lou quiet , man be talk . aiden approach . aiden get you guy some to - go box ? lou I would like you to die . and then I would like you to leave . aiden walk away , freak out . Lou turn back to the guy . lou ( cont 'd ) it 's tub time . ext . pine valley inn / patio - night Lou , Adam , and Nick all have huge smile , as they gaze at the tub . they each hold a ton of booze . Jacob look indifferent and a little turn off by it all . Lou strip down to he underwear and climb in . lou oh my god . the water be perfect . 27 . he pour a vodka and slam it back . Adam climb in with Lou , pour he own drink . jacob I really do not see the appeal . it 's like a glorify bath . nick Jacob . Son . the hot tub be the whole thing ! you ski all day . then you hit the town , get trash , and lure some fine lady back to the lodge for some good old fashioned tubbin' . Nick crack a Beer and pat Jacob on the back . nick ( cont 'd ) so the town 's dead ? Fine , we skip that part and go right to the tub . trust I . if there 's fun to be have , the tub be a good start . Nick get in . nick ( cont 'd ) yes ! it 's amazing . now it 's just Jacob outside the hot tub . the other three guy be already start to look more energize and happy , splash around . after another beat of consideration ... jacob fuck it . Jacob strip down and get in . as he submerges , he actually start to loosen up a bit and smile . lou well ? jacob I be not convinced this be anything more than a bath , but it 's nice . nick hit he with some bubbles . adam come right up . Adam crank a knob . as the bubble come to life , we begin a tubbin ' montage over reel 2 Real 's " I like to move it . " 28 . -- in the tub , the guy drink like fish , pour various combination of vodka , red bull , mountain dew , bacardi , and anything else they can get they hand on . -- Jacob 's laptop be propped on the edge of the tub , play better off dead . every so often , one of we guy take a drink , play a game , the rule of which only they know . -- Adam take a big bite of the sandwich lily give he . -- Nick use he iphone to take video and picture . more drink game . the guy wear funny hat and roll dice on a piece of wood . Adam have to drink some tub water . -- the guy keep reach into adam' backpack for mixer . -- Nick , Adam , and Lou laugh . then , Lou lift up Jacob 's head , which he have be forcibly holding under water . Jacob cough and spit out water and look piss . then he smile and help submerge Nick 's head in the same way . -- slam ! another bottle of vodka kill . crush ! another empty Red bull he the patio . -- a bear eat some dorito that have be leave on a picnic table . Yards away in the tub , the guy laugh and taunt it . -- Lou bleed from where the bear have obviously scratched he across the chest . still , he dance in the tub . -- just for a instant ( do we see that ? ) , the guy be 3 black guy and one white guy , before change back . -- the guy wear they snowsuit in the tub . Adam very dangerously jump in , attach to a snowboard . -- the cut get quicker and quicker , as hand reach into the backpack . more vodka . more dew. more Red bull. more bacardi ... the cut speed up and intensify until finally in a brilliant flash of light , we explode to : the SUN rising just above the mountain peak . ext . pine valley inn / patio - dawn as the light of a new day spill into havenhurst , we find all four of we guy passed out in the hot tub , the water calm . a kitten lick Lou 's face . it 's adorable . until ... 29 . Lou jolt awake and puke on the kitten , send it flying ! this wake up everyone and they stir to life , inspect the carnage , mostly hangover - related . nick oh my god , I wanna die . jacob I need a vitamin water . Adam reach in he backpack , take out two choice . adam Red bull or fresca ? Jacob take the fresca , as Lou inspect the claw mark . lou that fuck bear get I good . adam yeah he do . lou but we show he , do not we ? adam if by show he , you mean we laugh and he get bored and wander off into the wood with you sneaker , then yeah , we get he good . lou fuck yeah . Lou pick up Adam 's half - eat sandwich and take a bite . adam you just puke . lou that 's why I be eat you sandwich . I be fuck starve . nick guy , look ... they gaze turn to the mountain peak , on which be a fresh layer of powder . it look like perfect ski condition . adam let 's do it ! 30 . ext . pine valley inn / parking lot - moment later as the guy walk across the front of the lodge , they pass some well preserve car all park together : a 1985 pontiac fiero , a 1986 vw golf , and a 1987 Ford mustang coupe . jacob what be this , a shitty car club ? the guy completely miss the billboard across the STREET : -- " come soon : the most space - out mel brook film yet ! spaceballs ! " -- a surfing max headroom with a can of coke and the tag : " catch the Wave ! " -- a bull terrier name spud mckenzie parking with some hot babe and a shitload of bud light . ext . mountain - day in quick cut , the guy hit the slope : -- in he ridiculous snowsuit , Nick skis down the mountain . with the new snowfall , he expertly glide along . -- Jacob apply some lip balm and fly down the mountain on a snowboard . people glare at he with confuse expression . -- Adam use the snowplow method to slowly descend . he 's a beginner skier . he take the time to look at the surroundings and notice a younger , hotter crowd ski today . lot of blonde ski bunnie wear pastel color . adam well this place have improve . -- in the lift line , Lou pass a guy wear a big headband . lou really , asshole ? int . gondola - day Adam share a gondola with Nick , as they make they way up the mountain . a dude in sunglass sit across , napping . Adam take a flask out of he backpack . he and Nick look over they shoulder like scheme kid as they take a nip . 31 . adam I be really glad we stay . it 's gonna be good to get away for a couple of day . ( qualifying beat ) I mean not like I want to be away from lily . you know . nick believe I I know . adam I love she . but you guy be right . I be gonna be with she for the rest of my life . nick ( nods ) for the rest of you goddamn life . adam it get easier , right ? no offense , but watch you talk with Courtney - nick you be gonna be fine . you will settle in , get the premium cable package - the usual deal . Adam nod . nick ( cont 'd ) you will wake up every morning , comfort by the fact that you wife do not wield she family 's wealth over you head like a hangman 's noose . Adam look concerned , as Nick wistfully go on ... nick ( cont 'd ) you will breathe the air of life , make the occasional decision - maybe get some lawn furniture . how about steak for dinner ? yes , let 's get that juice machine I see on tv . let 's fuck go for it . Nick stare off into the distance . adam Nick ? 32 . nick sorry , I lose myself there . dude in sunglass ( o.s. ) Coke ? Adam and Nick look at the guy across from they , who presently offer he ski goggle , on which be a mountain of cocaine . nick that be a lot of cocaine . adam I feel like we be in scarface . only with ski . ( thinks ) skiface . dude in sunglass ( sniff ) take it . it 's good shit . nick I be gonna pass . adam ( decline ) yeah , I be good . the dude remove he sunglass . he have a dead look in he eye , study Nick and Adam . dude in sunglass you guy a couple of spazze ? adam spazze ? dude in sunglass ( very angry ) yeah , dipstick . you narc ? you Miami vice ? which one 's crockett ? which one 's crockett ?! adam I be crockett , obviously ! ( to nick ) that 's the Don Johnson one , right ? the dude flip out a switchblade . dude in sunglass you show I you be not spazze . 33. nick we be not spazze . the dude extend the coke once more . dude in sunglass show I . ext . mountain / top - moment later at the top of the mountain , Nick look wide awake . Adam , on the other hand , look coked out of he skull . he sniff , fidget , clenches he jaw , and look generally " up . " nick Adam , you gotta chill . you just do one line . adam I have never ride the horse before . nick you be not riding the horse . the horse be heroin . Adam can not stop move and fidget . adam I do not know what kind of animal I be riding , but it 's the best animal of all time . I feel great ! Adam use he ski pole to push off the top of the mountain and he go flying down the slope . nick Adam ! Jesus . ext . mountain / ski trail - day - continuous Adam tuck down , still clenching he teeth . he pick up speed as he fly down the mountain like a racer . further up the mountain Nick have to pull up and slow down in the name of safety . 34 . on adam he zip along , never change course or slow . he barely miss a few tree . but he can not stop himself before -- he barrel into a smoking hot chick ! the collision knock Adam and the girl to the ground and finally stop Adam 's hyper-speed descent . Adam get up and shake the cobweb . adam what a rush ! he notice the girl on the ground and go to help she up . adam ( cont 'd ) oh wow , be you ok ? smoking hot chick no thanks to you , asshole ! in slow motion -- the girl stand up in a very hot and awesome manner , shaking the snow from she luxurious blonde hair . it twinkle in the sunlight . as she turn to face Adam , normal speed resume . and he see who it be : adam ( mind blown ) jennie o' keefe ! jennie squint at Adam , try to place he . jennie do I know you ? he stare at she , not believe what he 's see . he still look loopy from the coke . just then , a a too-blond , mirror - sunglass - wear , feathered hair , stripe - jumpsuite guy ( blaine ) skis up and grab adam . blaine I be gonna serve you a knuckle sandwich , airhead . ( to jennie ) you all right , babe ? jennie I think so . 35 . blaine 's toadies ( tad and chaz ) ski up behind he , as blaine angrily rip Adam 's lift ticket from he jacket . blaine you lift ticket 's be revoke . blaine throw it on the ground and laugh to he friend . adam ( a la lethal weapon 2 ) diplomatic immunity . blaine look confuse , as Adam rip blaine 's lift ticket , but he end up ripping blaine' jacket too . adam ( cont 'd ) sorry , I be try to ... you can probably patch that up . blaine pull Adam close by the collar and clenches he fist . blaine you be dead meat , scumbag . just then , snow powder fly in blaine 's face . blaine let go of Adam , as Jacob snowboard up and stop short , come to he brother 's side . jacob there you be ! my brother 's have a few too many triple venti nonfat latte if you know what I mean . ( genuine , to Adam ) be you ok ? Adam nod . blaine look confuse . chaz and tad look enamor with Jacob . chaz dude , they let you bring a skateboard on the mountain ? jacob it 's a snowboard . you know - no wheel . tad genius ! man , not to get all fag on you , but I be digging you fresh thread , bro . Adam and blaine look equally confuse with what 's go on . Jacob take the compliment well , like he deserve it . 36 . jacob thank you . it 's mostly North face . a little ems . chaz whatever it be , it work . tad totally . what be you do with this boner ? you should be ski with we . like permanently . blaine look really annoyed with he friend . blaine guy ! tad I mean , that 's if blaine think it 's cool and everything . blaine take a deep breath , annoyed . blaine ( to jacob ) get you spaz brother out of here . and for he sake , I do not wanna see he back on my mountain . chaz ( eager ) you be welcome any time though ! Adam pick up he backpack , which fall off during the collision . he stare at jennie again and smile . adam you look just like this girl . I have the biggest crush on she -- blaine grab the bag out of Adam 's hand and shove adam away . blaine this be mine now . Adam look at blaine angrily , but Jacob hold he back . jacob come on . let 's just go . Jacob usher Adam off the slope , as blaine shoulder the bag . 37 . int . pine valley inn / lobby - day Adam and Jacob walk in the front door . go be the child and old people . the live room off the lobby presently host what appear to be a amazing 80s retro party . a radio play Miami sound Machine 's " conga . " Girls and guy wear print sweater , feathered dos , and neon legging . it 's something out of a mid -80s aspen photo shoot . Nick walk in behind they , look as confuse as they . he turn up he palm and shake he head , at a loss for word . adam what be go on ? Lou stroll up to the guy , with he arm around two hot chick . he look elate . lou guy ! I be so glad you be here . I want to introduce you to Michelle and Sandy . this lovely lady be have a roller skate party next weekend and no offense , but fuck you wedding -- I be totally come back . by the way ... Lou roll out a ziplock bag full of cocaine . lou ( cont 'd ) there 's coke everywhere around here . this place rule ! Lou dip into the coke and rub it on he gum and we : CUT to : int . pine valley inn / suite - late afternoon the suite look a little " fresher . " the furniture be the same , but everything 's in better shape . it look almost new . Adam , Jacob , and Lou sit in the main room with the tv on , as Nick emerge from a bedroom . jacob have anyone else notice that thing around here be weird as shit ? Adam and Nick nod . Lou shake he head . 38 . lou do not you ruin this . if you wake I from this dream , I will kill you . adam ( ignoring lou ) what do you think happen ? jacob I have no idea , but look ... Jacob turn up the volume on the tv . the news air . newscaster ( on tv ) the Dow Jones industrial average close just above 2,000 today ... nick I be ruin ! newscaster ( on tv ) in other news , the Tower Commission have rebuke President Reagan for not control he national security staff in a arm -for - hostage deal with Iran ... for a moment , the guy sit there in stunne silence . then ... lou ( with genuine emotion ) we be in 1971 . adam ( correcting he ) we be in 1987 . everyone look stunne and daze . jacob what be we gonna do ? I have plan next weekend . adam we all have plan . it 's my fuck wedding ! nick now hold on , we do not know for sure that we be in 1987 . the tv show a ( real ) commercial for the commodore 64 computer , with a jingle that sing : " be you keep up with the commodore , ' cause the commodore 's keep up with you ... " 39 . when it 's over ... nick ( cont 'd ) ok , we be in 1987 . Adam stand up , completely lose it . adam what the fuck be go on ?! Nick stand up and calmly take charge . nick everyone relax . I think I know what 's happen . and when we be do discuss it , we be all gonna feel a lot better . everyone look to Nick , who seem to have the answer . nick ( cont 'd ) two word : black hole . he let it hang in the air for a moment , as if it 's suddenly go to gel for everyone . but the guy look confuse . nick ( cont 'd ) I see a special on the Science Channel . and guess what ? sometimes this happen . adam this happen ? nick yes . and the best thing for we to do be to stay put . the universe will eventually reverse itself and work out this little glitch . Nick sit down , look satisfied in he know - it- all - ness . adam this be a big glitch . jacob yeah , you be a idiot . Black hole be in space . not at a ski resort . lou ( hopeful ) so do this mean we get to go to girl ' locker room and see they naked and they can not see we ? 40 . jacob no , we travel through time . we be not invisible . Lou look upset . lou ( under he breath ) I be still gonna do it . adam guy , ignore the ridiculousness of how we get here for a moment -- nick Black hole . adam how be we suppose to get back ? for a moment , everyone sit and absorb the question . then : lou we find a scientist . CUT to : int . IBM / reception - late afternoon we guy wait nervously near a reception desk , above which be the " IBM " logo . Lou read a magazine . lou this dukakis guy seem like he might be the real deal . a affable man in a suit approach . man in suit gentlemen , how may I help you ? nick we be wait for a scientist . man in suit I be a scientist . lou where 's you white coat ? scientist I be not that kind of scientist . 41 . Lou stand up and throw down he magazine . lou this be bullshit ! I tell you -- adam wait a minute . just tell he . nick ok . you tell he , Adam . adam Sir , we ... ( embarrassed ) this be ridiculous . scientist nothing 's too ridiculous in the name of science . jacob we be from the future . scientist get the fuck out of here . ext . IBM office park - late afternoon a security guard escort we guy out of the building . adam that go well . Lou start walk off by himself . nick ( to lou ) where be you go ? Lou point to he watch . lou five o'clock . happy hour . the guy look at he , confuse . lou ( cont 'd ) if it 's ' 87 , the pf chang 's will be go , which mean the brew haus still stand . ( then ) it 's Saturday . they have wet T - shirt contest on Saturday . 42 . the guy ' eyebrow raise . after a moment : adam well , maybe one drink . just to confirm . int . brew haus - happy hour splash ! a wet t-shirt contest be underway on a stage . whitesnake on the juke , pac man on the table , and cheap beer in the mug - this be a amazing brew pub . we guy sit in the back , wear pine valley lodge shirt . there be many empties on the table and they look very drunk . in a roped - off area in the corner , a cocky younger phil ( the one - armed bellhop ) wield a chainsaw that he use to carve a ice sculpture , impress the bar crowd . he have both arm . nick Holy shit . it 's that bellhop . jacob should we warn he ? adam ( cover eye ) I do not want to see this go down . phil toss the chainsaw in the AIR and ... he expertly catch it , seamlessly continue to carve . a girl lean in and give he a kiss . lou fuck that guy . on the stage , two girl compete for wettest t-shirt . they both decide that no t-shirt be the wettest option . nick God bless we country . adam ( in a daze ) we be in 1987 . jacob you can stop say that . I do not think it 's make a difference . 43. adam seriously , we have to get back . ( kinda lose it ) we seriously have to get back ! the guy subdue Adam , as a big - haire waitress bring drink . waitress here ya go , guy . Three bud , one bartles and James . the guy all stare at she like she 's a museum artifact . waitress ( cont 'd ) what ? I have lipstick on my tooth ? Nick sip he wine cooler , feel the eye of the other on he . nick hey , if it 's available , I be order it . I always want one of this when I be little . the waitress put down the check . Jacob pick it up , realize something . jacob ( to the waitress ) can you give we a second ? she walk away , as Jacob turn to the guy . jacob ( cont 'd ) this be gonna be a problem . he take out he wallet , show he credit card and cash . jacob ( cont 'd ) guy , we be in trouble . we card be not gonna work and we new money look fake . the guy look concerned , but then Nick notice something : a table full of japanese businessmen . nick I have get a idea . as Nick get up and approach the businessman , Adam look around the room and by the bar , he spot -- 44 . jennie . he stare at she from across the room . Lou and Jacob notice . adam I still can not believe it 's really she ! lou she 's age remarkably well . ( remembers ) oh , right . why do not you just go talk to she ? adam I should go talk to she . to apologize , of course . you know , nothing inappropriate . lou sure ... Adam get up . he slowly make he way over across the room . jennie be talk to two other girl as Adam approach . he lurk near they like a creep . jennie eventually notice he , as he keep steal glance . she do not look happy . jennie ( to adam ) listen putz , if you be gonna try to attack I again , my boyfriend will be here soon . he will kick you ass . Adam try to be casual . adam no , no . no ass kick . I just want to say I be sorry about earlier . I lose control of the old skis there . ( laugh nervously ) look like I shoulda take another one of you class ! jennie when do you take my class ? adam certainly not when I be a kid ! I mean , that would make no sense ! Adam try to recover . 45 . adam ( cont 'd ) I be here for a convention . power tool . and regular tool . all sort of tool . I be big into tool . it be a couple year ago . jennie look very suspect of Adam . jennie yeah , ok . have a good night . jennie start to walk away with she friend . adam ( too friendly ) hey , where ya go ? she ignore he , but one of she friend quietly lag behind . jennie' friend ( quietly , to Adam ) be you with that guy over there ? she discretely point out Jacob . adam yeah , he 's my brother . she take Adam 's palm and write something on it . jennie' friend there 's a party later tonight at this address . make sure he come with you . he 's way boss ! Adam walk back to he friend . jacob how would it go ? he show they he palm . adam we get invite to a party later . lou sweet ! what be we gonna do until then ? adam how about figure out how the hell to get back to the present day ? Nick walk back to the table and slam down a pile of cash . 46 . nick bam ! lou we be millionaire ! nick Close . it 's a thousand buck . adam where do you get that money ? Nick point out the japanese businessman . nick ( proudly ) sold they my ipod . Jacob look incredulous . jacob that be not a good idea ! lou I agree . you leave so much money on the table . it 's a fuck ipod ! you could have get a lot more ! jacob that 's not what I -- adam ( look at watch ) fellas , we be not make progress and we be lose time . nick Adam , do not worry . time 's not move forward in the future . jacob uh , yeah it be . lest we forget the lesson learn from Bill and Ted . nick well then I give you back to the future . jacob that 's not fair . you can not go right to back to the future . nick why not ? 47 . jacob back to the future have a time machine . nick well so do Bill and Ted . adam ( realize ) wait , that 's it ! I can not believe I be about to say this , but I think we have a time machine . nick Adam , all we do be get drunk in the hot tub . everyone 's eye go wide . lou ( put it together ) a hot tub time machine . CUT to : ext . pine valley inn / patio - early evening all four guy soak in the tub . they toast with drink . adam here go nothing ! they simultaneously down they drink . nothing happen . like the chimp in 2001 , each of they begin fiddling with knob and pushing on light , try to find the magic button . after a few moment : nick well , it be worth a shot . angle widen to reveal other people in the tub . a guy and girl make out , two stoner pass a joint , and one topless chick just chill out . lou ( stare at girl ) I love this place . as Lou pour himself another , Adam start to lose it again . adam guy , we be run out of idea here ! ( more ) 48 . adam ( cont 'd ) I mean we try the scientist , the tub -- what the fuck do we do next ? Lou downs another shot and get a crazy look in he eye . lou I know what we do next . CUT to : ext . parking lot - early evening a delorean be park in the empty lot . Adam , Nick , and Jacob look at it , drunkenly and bleary - eye . Adam and Nick trade swig from a bottle of whiskey . the gull wing door open and Lou step out , in a foul mood . lou rental car agency fuck we ! there 's no flux capacitor . Lou pull Jacob over and strap he in the driver 's seat , before walk around to the passenger side . lou ( cont 'd ) ( to Adam and Nick ) we will travel to 2010 . then one of we will come back and get one of you . and so on and so forth . int . delorean - early evening Lou sit in the passenger seat next to Jacob . lou go light on the clutch . I do not wanna lose we deposit . Jacob start the car . ext . parking lot - same time Adam and Nick watch the car pull out of the parking lot . adam ( sobering slightly ) this will not end well . 49 . int . / ext . delorean - same time Jacob and Lou hit the road , pick up speed . they pass a cop , who pull out , turn on he light and siren . lou oh shit , they find I ! I do not know how but they find I ! ( laugh ) I always want to say that . punch it ! Jacob hit the gas . lou ( cont 'd ) let 's see the look on this pig 's face when we hit 88 and disappear into thin air ! yeah ! the speedometer hit 75 , 80 , 85 , and then 90 . and then 95 . the car shake violently . lou ( cont 'd ) ( surprised ) this thing 's a piece of shit . up ahead , the road curve drastically . jacob hey Lou ? lou yeah ? jacob ( very calm ) we be do a hundred . I can not control this car . lou ( nods ) I hear ya . ext . road - early evening the delorean brake , but do not make the turn . it flip over in a fantastic disaster and come to a stop in a ditch . the cop pull over , get out of he car , and draw he gun . 50 . ext . parking lot - early evening Adam and Nick watch the accident from a distance . adam so do you think we should run away ? int . pine valley inn / suite - later that night look rag as hell , the four guy walk into the room and silently collapse on various beds and couch . lou I wonder if we will still be here for we court appearance . adam if we be still here in four month , I will happily go to jail , because I will be fuck anyway . a guy walk out of the bathroom , wear only a towel . he look startle . towel guy who the hell be you dweeb ?! Lou be up in a flash . he immediately deck the guy out cold and pummel he on the floor ! the other pull he off . nick Jesus Christ , what the hell , Lou ?! lou I have no tolerance for intruder . nick this be probably he room ! we be not register here in 87 . Lou think for a moment and look a " little " sorry . lou I be still pretty ok with it . adam you have a problem . lou just help I put he outside . 51 . int . pine valley inn / hallway - moment later the guy open the door to the suite and find two dude walk by . Adam stop they . adam ( awkwardly ) hey. dude . we friend 's ... hellaciously waste . he party pretty hearty ... to the max . to the extreme max . dude # 1 bodacious . adam so you guy wanna fuck with he or what ? dude # 2 excellent . the dude take custody of the pass out towel guy and continue on down the hall , as we guy go back inside . int . pine valley inn / suite - night the guy look physically exhaust . nick let 's just go to sleep . we will figure everything out in the morning . it 's pretty late . Jacob check he watch , roll he eye . jacob it 's 8:45 . the other guy look at they watch , surprised . nick why be I so wipe out ? jacob because you be old and lame ? lou yeah , fuck that , we be go to that party ! adam we be not go to the party . 52 . lou hear I out . Lou pace around the room like patton address the troops . lou ( cont 'd ) we see the scientist . he be worthless . we try the tub . Dead end . I get we a fuck time machine . from hertz . it might as well have be a Nissan . Adam shake he head , as Lou continue . lou ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , it 's fuck 1987 . Nixon 's in the White House , gas be free , and we be about to put a man on the moon ! adam do we go to the same school ? Lou turn and address Adam directly . lou the point be you have not even meet you wife yet ! she can not fault you for shit that go down 23 year ago ! even if 23 year ago somehow end up be tonight ! Adam start listen a little more closely , as some of Lou 's logic actually make " some " sense . lou ( cont 'd ) it 's time to start face the fact that we may not be go home . and if that 's so , then we owe it to ourselves to make the best life we can for ourselves . the guy listen intently , as Lou 's speech reach a passionate climax . lou ( cont 'd ) because I do not want to be that college freshman who spend the first semester hide in he dorm room , only to realize that come spring , he have no friend . ( more passionate ) no ! ( more ) 53. lou ( cont ' D ) I want to be that college freshman who fuck chick way out of he league before they have a opportunity to realize he 's not as cool as he 's pretend to be ! Nick nod . even Jacob smile . lou ( cont 'd ) be you with I ? adam ( confuse ) I do not know . lou Close enough . we will talk some more at the party . int . house party - night it 's like the 80s explode . Music , clothes , hair , attitude -- it 's all on overdrive . in one section , party - goer marvel at duck hunt , while in another area , people make out and dance . Adam , Nick , Lou , and Jacob walk in the front door . they have update they " look " with 80s sweater and other era - appropriate attire . they all look ridiculous , except for Jacob , whose youth lend he hipster appeal . adam this sweater make I look like a jerkof for . lou ( breathes deeply ) it 's good to be home . in a corner , phil put he arm in a shark tank . just as the shark go to bite , he pull he arm out , unscathed . a small crowd clap . we guy be confuse and upset . nick be this like a 80s thing ? lou if he do not lose that arm soon , I be gonna take it from he myself . with that , Lou wander off toward another room , leer at and grop girl as he go . 54 . adam ( re : lou ) he 's gonna be a problem . tad and chaz walk over , look dapper and douchey . they be excited to see Jacob . tad hey , glad you could make it ! adam ( annoyed ) this be you party ? chaz hey man , no hard feeling , all right ? if you bro say you be cool , then we be cool . tad put he arm around Jacob and lead he into the party . tad there 's some people I want you to meet . by the way , bodacious hair . incredibly chic . jacob ( flattered ) oh yeah ? it do not really take that much product . it 's all in the layer . tad whoa. product . you be blow my mind right now . do you spend time in Europe ? chaz do not tell I . Prague . do you want some coke ? jacob do you have Coke Zero ? tad ah , a conscientious objector . I like that . gotta stay sharp . in the kitchen Nick mix something in a large bowl , as plenty of eager party - goer look on . he pour a red liquid into a tray of cup . a attractive party chick follow he every move . 55 . nick this will be ready in 15 minute . party chick ( put it together ) so it 's like jello . with vodka . nick mmm hmm . you get drunk while you enjoy a delicious gelatin snack . party chick how come no one ever think of this before ? nick do not know . I just invent it . Party chick look into he eye , dreamily . party chick I appreciate you . nick ( way too heartfelt ) I love you . in the live room Lou plays a electric keyboard for about 15 - 20 people . he 's perform Ace of base 's " the sign " and singing passionately . Adam walk up to where Jacob aim a large video camera . jacob he do a bunch of drug and go on a rant about how much he resent Ace of base . adam that band 's from the 90 . jacob I know . he make I borrow tad 's video camera . he want to document the performance and sue the band for infringement when we get back . Adam see tad and chaz behave like cock across the room , make hot girl drink too much . 56 . adam ( be : tad and chaz ) so , you like this guy ? jacob they be rich , popular , and they shower I with compliment . they be pretty much the best friend I have ever have . on a balcony a crowd gather around phil , who have remove the cover of a spinning industrial fan . crowd phil ! phil ! phil ! like a zen master , phil reach out and grab a fan blade , stop the fan without injury . everyone celebrate ! in the kitchen Nick hold up a homemade Beer bong , from which he drink . he have he own crowd root he on . nick's crowd Nick ! Nick ! Nick ! he finish the last of the beer , and the crowd celebrate . party guy this guy should be in charge of everything ! nick I should . in the live room Lou sit on a couch with Michelle , one of the girl we meet earlier at the lodge . her friend Sandy sit across from they next to Jacob , who look uncomfortable . sandy Truth or dare ? Lou confer with Michelle before answer . lou dare . 57 . Sandy and Jacob confer , figure out the dare . Lou meet Jacob 's eye -- he smile , know Jacob have he back . sandy ok , we dare Lou to put a twizzler up he ass . Lou stand up and angrily point at Jacob . lou you son of a bitch ! have you ever play this game before ? it 's suppose to be awesome ! Lou nevertheless grab a twizzler from the snack bowl and shove it down the back of he pants . his face contort uncomfortably and he be almost on the verge of tear . lou ( cont 'd ) this be a horrible thing you be do and I hope you never have to experience what I be currently go through . Lou sit down and Michelle console he . michelle you turn ! Truth or dare ? before Sandy can even confer with Jacob : jacob ( smile ) Truth . Lou throw up he hand in frustration . he look miserable , as Michelle confer with he . lou ( grumble to Michelle ) I do not care . whatever . this be not the point of the game . michelle ok , each of you have to tell you darkest , most personal secret . Lou cross he arm and shake he head . 58 . jacob oh wow , all right . let I think . I have never tell anyone this , but I be afraid of scary movie until I be 18 . I even run out of the theater a couple of time . sandy oh you poor thing ! come here ... she take Jacob 's head to she chest and stroke it gently . Lou make a jerk - off gesture . sandy ( cont 'd ) ( shy ) I be not sure I should tell mine . michelle come on ! you have to ! sandy ok , but you can not laugh . lou ( who care ) we promise . let 's hear it . sandy so this one time I and my friend lori take a train to Baltimore . it be the summer and we want to party , but we have no money . so lori find this businessman who be also look for a good time and tell he that we would give he a half and half for seventy - five dollar . you know -- a suck and fuck . Lou and Jacob look shocked with the matter of fact storytelling . Michelle smile . she 's hear it before . sandy ( cont 'd ) anyway , we get he up to he room and lori start go down on he , but I really be not into it . so I break a piece of the bathroom mirror and use it to cut he artery on the-heck . right here ... she rub Jacob 's neck , point it out . sandy ( cont 'd ) he ble for about a hour before he die . ( more ) 59 . sandy ( cont 'd ) afterwards , we take he wallet to the bar and find out he only have forty - seven dollar . Michelle giggle . sandy ( cont 'd ) Michelle ! you say you would not laugh ! michelle ( giggling ) I be sorry ! Jacob and Lou look shell - shocked . in another room Adam sit in a chair in the corner , secluded . to he left -- Nick 's in the kitchen , catch popcorn in he mouth and earning accolade from all he new fan . to Adam 's right -- the truth or dare game devolve , as Michelle pierce lou' ear . he scream in pain , but at the end , he have a gold stud in he right ear . Lou point at Jacob . lou fuck you , you turn . jacob that 's the gay ear , you know . as Adam look straight ahead -- he see jennie all by herself , browsing the host ' cassette tape collection . Adam take a moment to check himself . then he reach for he drink and gulp the whole thing , before get up and walking over to she , catch she off guard . adam so I lie to you earlier . I be not here for a power tool convention . jennie instinctively look around for she friend . jennie I know . you do not look like you could handle power tool . 60 . adam the truth be , jennie , I have always like you . but I have never really know you . I really be not suppose to meet you again . jennie who be you ?! Adam shrug , indicate he might as well tell she . adam I come here from the future . she roll she eye - she 's hear all the one-liner . jennie let I guess . you want to beam I up to you spaceship build for two ? or maybe you be wonder if this be astronaut pants ? adam astronaut pants ? jennie because my ass be out of this world ? give I a break , spaz . I have hear they all . she turn away . Adam go after she . adam no ! no spaceship . no astronaut pants . just regular time travel . with normal pants . jennie ok , what 's the punch line ? a arm come from behind and choke adam . it 's blaine . blaine I think I tell you to stay off my mountain , partner ! jennie blaine , stop ! blaine you talk to my girl ? huh ? I can not hear you . Adam fight to breathe , as blaine choke he harder . 61 . jennie blaine , that 's enough ! let he go ! he can not breathe ! blaine do not stop . he smile like a asshole . blaine can not breathe ? be that right ? can you breathe , partner ? what 's that ? I can not hear you . just tell I you can not breathe and I will stop . Adam still struggle . blaine just shrug . blaine ( cont 'd ) he 's not say anything . I guess he can breathe . jennie pull on blaine 's arm , try to free Adam . blaine ( cont 'd ) Babe , stop . jennie , stop ! blaine turn and accidentally elbow jennie in the face . she go down . he release Adam and turn to help she . blaine ( cont 'd ) baby , I be sorry . ( turn to Adam ) see what you make I do ?! jennie screw you , blaine ! jennie get up . she grab Adam 's arm and yank he along with she , as she storm away . jennie ( cont 'd ) ( to adam ) come on , let 's go ! blaine look on FIRE , as he watch jennie leave with Adam . lou ( v.0 . ) Sandy , I do not know what you do with this wine , but it be delightful . int . apartment - late night Jacob and Lou sit with Michelle and Sandy back at the girl ' apartment . the whole place look like a madonna concert . 62 . Jacob look uncomfortable , but Lou pour on the polite charm . sandy it 's from a box . there 's lot ! lou mmm. fantastic . ( quick turn ) do you mind if I borrow my friend ? we will only be a moment . CUT to : int . apartment / bathroom - moment later Lou have Jacob pinned against the wall with he arm . he speak quietly , but with purpose . lou you be gonna fuck she ! jacob I be not gonna have sex with she . she kill a guy ! lou that guy be undesirable . you hear she . it be about the money . jacob great , so she 's a prostitute . I be not sleep with a hooker either . lou she 's not a hooker . she 's a girl who do what she have to do to make a few buck . ( try new tactic ) listen , she 's probably awesome in bed . jacob she probably have a hairy vagina . lou exactly ! Jacob look confuse . jacob I be not have this conversation . it 's pointless . I do not have a condom . 63. lou perfect ! I neither ! no one here use condom . it 's like heaven . only with a lot more coke . Lou take he coke out of he pocket and snort a bunch . lou ( cont 'd ) how do I look ? jacob like a fuck madman ? he slap Jacob 's arm . lou rock and roll . Lou exit the bathroom and call out to the girl . lou ( cont 'd ) who 's ready to get laid by a awesome penis ?! int . pine valley inn / lobby - late night Adam and jennie be sit on the floor by the fireplace , play monopoly . adam oooh , Atlantic Avenue . that 's gonna cost you . jennie how much ? adam I will tell ya what ... Adam move she token up a few square and make a show of look over he shoulder , as if someone might see . adam ( cont 'd ) I be not suppose to do this . but I be gonna upgrade you to marvin garden . it 's a suite . plus , there 's a excellent buffet and a view of the pool . jennie laugh , despite herself . she look around , as if someone might see she . Adam notice . 64 . adam ( cont 'd ) no one 's gonna see you hang out with the creepy spaz . do not worry . jennie I be sorry I call you that name . adam hey , it 's cool . I be be creepy and spazzy . jennie you be still not gonna tell I how you know I ? adam I be from the future . jennie Fine , let 's just drop it . I be glad you be feel better . blaine have no right to hit you . ( smile ) I bet he 's go out of he mind right now . adam what be you do with a douche like he anyway ? you be so much better than that . jennie yeah , well guy like you come to visit . guy like he live here . adam so if I live here , I would have a shot ? for a moment , jennie be throw off . she 's about to say something , but check herself . instead she nervously stand . jennie I be gonna get go . Adam stand up with she . jennie ( cont 'd ) thanks for be a good guy . I do not remember the last time I have this much fun play such a stupid game . she give Adam a sweet kiss on the cheek . 65 . jennie ( cont 'd ) if you run into blaine , you can tell he I blow you . but that 's all . we do not do anything else . adam ( surprised ) we do not do anything ! jennie ( smile ) shh . it 's we little secret . jennie exit , leave Adam confuse . int . apartment / bedroom - late night in the darkness , we hear sound of sex . moan of pleasure , creak of mattress , multiple " yess . " on twin beds that be a little too close to each other , Lou and Jacob have sex with Michelle and Sandy . the girl and Lou be vocal . Jacob be silent . as Sandy ride he , Jacob notice some broken glass on the bedside table . he can not take he eye off it , as Sandy 's hand keep brush up against the table . Lou , naked , drink a can of tab while he deliver the goods to Michelle . he reach over , mid -act , and hand the half - empty can to Jacob . lou tab ? jacob stop talk to I ! despite the fact that this look like very good sex -- it be very bad sex for Jacob . fade to : int . pine valley inn / suite - late night Adam be asleep in bed , as jennie quietly enter the room . he wake up to find she wear sexy lingerie , as she climb on top of he . adam jennie ! 66 . he look over and see Nick snoring in the other bed . adam ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) what be you do here ?! jennie give Adam a long wet kiss . he 's freak out . jennie I think about what you say and you be right . I should be with you . adam I do not necessarily say that . jennie I want you , Adam ! she rip OPEN she lingerie , revealing she awesome heaving naked breast . adam oh my god ! she kiss he again and they start to go at it . just then -- lily ( o.s. ) what the hell be go on here ? Adam push jennie off he , as the light go on in the room . lily be stand in the doorway , look sad and angry . adam lily ? lily so you do like she better than I ? adam no , she just -- Adam look to where jennie just be , but now the bed be cover with photo of jennie . there 's also a large BOX of tissue and some hand lotion . adam ( cont 'd ) what 's all this ? ( look around ) jennie ? lily what 's wrong with my vagina , Adam ? 67 . adam nothing 's wrong with it . it 's beautiful . in the next bed , Nick roll over and wake up . nick it 's a beautiful vagina . among the prettiest I have ever see . adam stay out of it , Nick ! lily would it be so bad to spend the rest of you life with my vagina ? adam no . it would not at all . lily turn and walk out the door . adam ( cont 'd ) lily , it would not ! I love you vagina ! I love you vaginaaaaaa ! smash CUT to : int . pine valley inn / suite - morning Adam abruptly wake up . adam ( groggy mumbling ) vagina ... huh ? he see Nick sit on a bed on the other side of the room . he 's on the phone , talk quietly with someone . nick ( on phone ) I just really need to get a few thing off my chest . you be domineer and you think you have all the answer , but you do not . not by a long shot . Nick be get emotional . nick ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) you think you be better than I ? last night I make jello shot and everybody love I . ( more ) 68 . nick ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) they do not care that I only bring home 60 k last year . they love I for I . they do not go throw they rich parent ' weight around . ( wipe away a tear ) I do not know , Courtney . intercut : int . child bedroom - same time a 6 -year-old courtney ( Nick 's future wife ) listen to this cry man on the other end of the phone . 6 - year-old courtney ( on phone ) it 's ok . Nick cry a little bit harder . nick ( on phone ) it 's so good to hear you voice . I love you , princess . I really do . you just make it so hard on I sometimes . 6 - year-old courtney ( on phone ) it 's ok . nick ( on phone ) you be right . it 's ok . I just want it to be ok . Adam start register some of this conversation . adam who be you talk to ? Nick look at Adam and cover the receiver . nick Courtney . adam what do you mean " Courtney ? " Adam pick up another phone . adam ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? 6 - year-old courtney ( on phone ) hello ! 69 . Adam , freak out , hang up he phone . adam get off the phone !! but Nick be down the rabbit hole . nick ( on phone ) baby , I gotta go . just think about what I say . we be so great together . it 's like when we be have sex - the way we body become one , as we both embrace the passion of the moment -- on the other end , courtney' dad have pick up the phone . courtney' dad ( on phone ) who the fuck be this ?! Nick hang up the phone and stare at it , freak out . Adam just shake he head . nick ok , so that may have be bad . adam what be you think ? the door open and Lou stroll in , look quite fresh . lou guess who re-pop he 80s cherry ? this guy ! he point at himself in a celebratory manner , as behind he -- the towel guy whose room this be come running up . towel guy hey , get the hell out of my room ! in one move , Lou catch he inside the room , close the door with he foot , and put the guy in a head lock . he then convert it into a sleeper hold , put the guy to sleep . nick oh , we be go to jail . lou help I put he in the closet . 70 . int . pine valley inn / suite - closet - moment later the guy drop the sleep towel guy in the closet . int . pine valley inn / patio -- moment later Adam , Nick , and Lou take a soak in the tub . adam have anyone see Jacob ? lou he 's grab drink with tad and chaz . which be what we should do . we will start at the brew haus and do a three drink crawl up the street -- Adam get more feed up than ever . adam guy ! I refuse to accept that we be stick in 1987 ! maybe you be loving it , Lou . but you do not get it . Nick 's insane , Jacob 's become a bigger douche than before , and I need to get back for my goddamn rehearsal dinner ? which be tomorrow ! lou ( calmly ) Adam . I know I do not look like I understand , but I do . you have a beautiful fiancee who mean more to you than anything in the world . and if you could , you would literally travel across time for she . adam yes . lou I get it , man . life be about this moment . moment where a regular Joe become a hero . moment where you dig deep and find the motivation ... the courage ... the gut to do what 's right and what 's necessary . it 's moment like this ... Lou suddenly notice some cocaine on the edge of the tub . 71 . lou ( cont 'd ) Jesus , how come nobody tell I there be coke out here ? Lou snort a big line . lou ( cont 'd ) what be I say ? Adam and Nick get out and towel off . Lou follow . adam maybe we have to learn something ? nick what do you mean ? adam you know , like groundhog Day . we have to learn the meaning of life or some shit . just then , a kitten lick a puddle on the base of the tub jump in the hot tub and vanish in a bright light ! for a moment , everyone be quiet . lou ( freaked out ) I have gotta stop do cocaine and I need to go to the hospital . I just see a fuck kitten explode . nick I see it too . the guy run over to the tub . the bubbles be on low , but there 's nothing in it . adam it do not explode . it vanish . it go back ... to the present . lou this be the present . adam we old present . nick so it be the tub ! Lou point at something . 72 . lou um ... the hot tub be not plugged in , and yet it 's clearly run . adam ok . you guy know what to do . CUT to : ext . pine valley inn / patio - minute later the guy have a couple box of kitten . one at a time , they get in the tub and take turn dipping the kitten . when nothing happen , Lou dump a entire box of kitten into the tub . the cat get angry and claw at he face and body . eventually , the guy just shake they head . adam this be not work . lou maybe this be not the right kitten ? Adam point at he in a " now you be think " way . adam we will split up . get as many different cat as you can . let 's all meet back here in a hour . lou you can count on I ! int . brew haus - day Lou sit on a stool , munch on snack . a tv show the afc conference championship game between the Denver broncos and the Cleveland Browns . it 's the 4th Quarter and the Browns score with 5:43 remain on the clock to go up by 7 . two stool over , a slick - haire asshole ( rick ) sit with he bored - look high society trophy wife ( candace ) . rick yes ! lou hate to tell ya , pal . Browns be gonna lose by 3 in overtime . 73. rick eat shit and die , scumbag . I have get ten large on this game . lou not only that , but I bet you elway 's gonna throw a touchdown with 37 second leave . rick fat chance , pal . elway 's do nothing all day . lou Care to make it interesting ? rick who the hell be you ? Lou think about the question for a moment . lou name 's musselman . hank musselman . I have get a cool name , huh ? rick it 's a good name . what do you have in mind , musselman ? lou I win -- you wife give I a blowjob . a classy one . for the first time , candace look less than bored . she do a bad job of feign disinterest . rick all right , buddy , fuck off . lou you win -- you can kill I . any way you want . knife , gun , torch , sword ... I will even make a video exonerate you . rick yeah , right ... lou I be serious . you look like a man who have everything . except the license to kill . Care to gamble ? Rick look at Lou long and hard . Lou do not flinch . 74 . rick 37 second ? lou exactly . rick you have a deal . as Rick and Lou shake hand , candace make a show of look offended . rick ( cont 'd ) ( to candace ) do not worry , babe . this yahoo 's make a wager he can not possibly win . Lou pick up another handful of bar snack . he put they in he mouth and show it to Rick . lou ( mouth full ) look . who be I ? I be you wife . nut in my mouth . get it ? ( to candace ) I like it slow and romantic . ext . pet store - day Nick leave a pet store , carry a BOX of kitten . on the street , he accidentally bump into one of the japanese businessman from the night before . he have a thick accent , like gedde watanabe in " gung Ho . " nick oh , sorry man . ( notice he ) hey ! how 's that ipod work out for you ? japanese businessman oh , it 's a very nice toy . nick if you like that , I have get a phone back at the lodge that will knock you sock off . japanese businessman I wish I could see it . but I be on my way to a very important business meeting . 75 . nick oh yeah ? more important than bluetooth ? japanese businessman my associate and I be co - financing a ... how do you say it ... supermarket business . nick ( suspicious ) you be not go to Boston , by any chance ? japanese businessman yes ! Boston ! we leave tonight . nick you be gonna franchise out the Gelman 's Mom and pop ! japanese businessman yes ! how do you know this ? Nick put he arm around the guy and walk down the street . nick walk with I a minute . let I tell you about some company you should really be look into ... int . the deck - day tad , chaz , and Jacob enjoy drink on a deck overlook the mountain ski slope . chaz you really be a gas , Jacob . tad and I think you be the cat 's pajamas . jacob thanks . I like you guy , too . a third douchebag arrive and give a secret handshake to tad and chaz . he drop off a pill bottle . this be geoffrey ( pronounce joff -rey ) . geoffrey gentlemen . 76 . tad geoffrey , please meet Jacob . Excuse he jewish name . he really quite exceed it . Jacob look confuse by that , as geoffrey shake he hand . geoffrey Jacob , would you like some too ? he offer a pill bottle . jacob what be it ? chaz rohypnol . geoffrey 's father be a pharmacist , but we do not hold that against he . jacob rohypnol ? tad you slip it to a chick who will not go to third . give it a hour and you will be round home . jacob ( surprised ) this be a date rape drug . geoffrey ( laugh ) what the fuck be date rape ? jacob this be roofies ! chaz roofies ... I like that ! tad yeah , it take the clinical name right out of it . it sound so fresh , chick might even take it voluntarily ! ( to jacob ) hey , can we use that ? Jacob look beside himself . 77 . ext . pine valley inn / patio - afternoon a guy and a girl be use the hot tub , which be still hot and bubbly , despite the fact that it be not plugge in . Nick and Lou sit at the table , as Adam approach with cat . adam I get regular cat . I figure maybe the kitten be a fluke . Nick take the box out of he hand and put it down . nick come here . he lead Adam near the tub , where Lou point at something . lou there ! adam what be I look at ? it 's some kind of stain . lou smell it . adam I be not smell it . lou ( nods encouragingly ) smell the stain . Adam put he nose up against the stain and sniff . he recognize something , but can not put he finger on it . adam what be that ? nick Red bull . guy in tub hey , you fella mind ? I be try to get a handjob here . int . pine valley inn / suite - afternoon we guy sit and absorb the impact of what they have learn . 78 . adam so you be tell I that Red bull plus hot tub equal time travel ? lou ( nods proudly ) mmm hmm . hank musselman 's get the Nobel Prize . adam who the fuck be hank musselman ? nick there be just enough Red bull for the kitten . not nearly enough for a human . it 's a weight distribution thing . adam how do you even figure this out ? lou Scientific method . nick he bet I 20 dollar I would not lick the stain . lou I think it be some guy 's jizz . adam what 's wrong with you ? lou it work , do not it ? nick yeah , except one little problem . there 's no Red bull in 1987 . for a moment , they be all bum again . then Adam get a encourage look on he face . adam yes there be ! come on ! Adam head for the door , as Lou and Nick follow . ext . bunny slope - day jennie instruct a group of teenager on the basic of ski , as Adam approach , with Nick and Lou in tow . 79 . jennie ( concerned ) you can not be here . if blaine see you , he will snap you neck . I tell he I blow you and he 's not happy . adam why would you do that ?! behind Adam , Nick look at the group of teens and he eye almost bug out . he elbow Lou . nick ( whisper , tooth clench ) look . Lou look to where Nick be look : young adam , young nick , and young lou wait with other kid for jennie to return to they lesson . lou Holy shit ! Lou immediately approach the kid , even as Nick try to hold he back . nick ( teeth clenched ) where the fuck be you go ?! Lou walk right up to he younger self and look himself square in the face . young lou what the hell do you want , old man ? Lou punch he younger self in the face . Young Nick and Young Adam be freak out , as be regular Nick . Adam do not notice , as he 's argue with jennie . young lou ( cont 'd ) what the fuck , dude ?! I think you break my nose ! my parent be gonna sue the shit out of you ! lou herschel and Evelyn be not gonna do a damn thing . they be loser . young lou how do you know my parent ? 80 . lou listen to I . start put minoxidil on you scalp . tonight . then , when propecia come on the market , start take it . every day . Hair be important . young lou I do not give a shit about hair . lou you will ! ( lean in , quietly ) or I will tell everyone about how you jerk off to that issue of playgirl . young lou ( quietly ) it be confusing ! there be naked people and it have " girl " in the title ! lou hey , you do not have to justify to I , pal . young lou ( freaked out ) who be you ? lou I be God . on adam and jennie jennie Fine . you wanna see blaine ? it 's you funeral . he 's in the warehouse at the end of lawrence . good luck . ext . mountain - day Adam walk off the mountain with Nick and Lou . lou moment of truth . Lou take off he hat and feel he scalp - no hair . 81 . lou ( cont 'd ) ( look back ) that fucker ! just then , Lou 's nose slightly shift , the result of be break and never fix . it stay this wa for the rest of the movie . Lou touch he nose . lou ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's just great . Jacob run up , in a friendlier disposition . jacob hey guy ! adam I think you be with douche patrol . jacob yeah I be . but it turn out that guy be date rapist . adam ah . nick Adam , where be we go ? Adam get a look of determination again . adam to get my bag . we get that , we have the Red bull , and we ticket home . lou yes ! the race be on ! adam what race ? lou duh , it 's 1987 ? we be at a ski resort ? ( shake head ) dispute like this be settle with a downhill ski race . usually at dawn . it 's the law . 82. adam you be a idiot . int . warehouse - afternoon Adam and the guy step into a warehouse . wet floor , chain hang from the ceiling for no reason , steam rise from grate . as they enter , chaz pull down a large garage door . up ahead , blaine sit on some crate with tad . blaine welcome to my lair . adam you live here ? nick yeah , this be kind of a shitty place to live . blaine I do not live here . Adam approach blaine , try to speak maturely . adam look. blaine . I think we get off on the wrong foot . you have some issue with I . blaine you get blow by my girl ? I will say that 's one hell of a issue . lou whoa ! you get blow ?! adam she do not blow I . she lie to you to make you jealous . I be not try to steal jennie . I just wanna get my bag . blaine oh , you bag . I be wonder when you would come around for that . tad hold up the backpack over by the crate . adam yeah , I will just take it and get out of you way . 83. blaine you will ? Adam extend he hand . adam whattya say ? can we work this out like gentleman ? blaine pull a knife . tad and chaz also pull knive . nick what be this town 's obsession with knife ? blaine ( menacing ) how about I work this out like ... a butcher ? just then , light spill into the dark warehouse . a guy in a polo shirt stand in a dooorway . guy in polo shirt hey ! scumbucket ! back to work ! like naughty child be catch red hand , blaine and he goons lose the knife and hustle toward the open door . blaine grab the backpack from tad . Adam and the guy follow through the door and into -- int . sunglass hut - day Adam , Nick , Lou , and Jacob be confuse , as blaine , chaz , and tad spring to action , help customer choose sunglass . Jacob approach tad and chaz , who look embarrassed . jacob you guy be poser ! you be not better than I ! tad Jacob , I wish you have not see we like this . Adam stand near blaine , who help a woman . blaine ( to woman ) this would look so good with you light complexion . 84 . adam listen asshole ! I want my bag ! blaine ( to woman ) will you excuse I for a moment ? blaine walk behind the counter and shove the bag in a safe . blaine ( cont 'd ) safe 's on a timer . it will open tomorrow . we race at dawn . winner get the bag . loser leave town . Lou turn to Nick . lou see ? I tell you ! adam ( to blaine ) I do not wanna race you . blaine then I guess you do not want you bag . ( smirk ) see you at dawn . adam you girlfriend suck one hell of a mean dick . Adam make a slurping SOUND and blaine fume . ext . havenhurst MAIN drag - late afternoon Nick , Lou , and Jacob walk behind Adam , who look piss . nick what be we gonna do ? lou that chick blow you ?! adam ( intense ) I have get a race to win . Europe 's " the final countdown " begin play over a montage : -- skis be sharpen . 85 . -- gear be polished . -- in the suite , Adam get dress in he gear . -- on a SMALL hill , Jacob demonstrate some move on skis . Adam do not get it . he 's keep fall . -- on the hill , Jacob teach Adam how to snowboard . Adam be have a easier time stand up on the snowboard . -- the guy keep Adam awake and use a homemade scale model of the mountain to formulate a plan , a la Iron Eagle . -- back on the hill , Jacob and Adam snowboard next to each other . Adam make it by a couple of obstacle . Jacob look proud of he . -- the guy play a atari ski game , try out a strategy . Jacob use a pointer , look disappointed . -- on the hill , Adam easily maneuver by a few tree on the snowboard , kick up snow and high - fining Jacob . ext . mountain / top - dawn slo -mo hero shot of we four guy , as they ascend the top of the mountain . if we do not know any better , it would look like tony Scott direct a ski movie . end montage . ext . mountain / top - day a few yard away from Nick and Lou , Adam sit on the ground , as Jacob help he strap into the snowboard . jacob just stick to the plan and you be gonna be fine . Adam look at Jacob seriously for a moment . adam Jacob , I be sorry for not always be the big brother I should have be . I be away at college , Mom give you my sega - there be a whole host of issue . Jacob nod and speak genuinely to Adam too . 86 . jacob I know . I be sorry too . I put a few thing before my family and take my guilt out on you . ( put it together ) I guess it be a inevitable I would end up part of a roofie ring . Adam smile and extend he hand . adam Friends ? Jacob take Adam 's hand and help he to he foot . jacob Brothers . they embrace . Lou look disgust . lou Gay . blaine and he goons approach from below . Adam put on he game face . adam I do not think you guy would show . blaine this be my idea . adam it 's gonna make my victory taste all the more sweeter . like a Peach snapple . blaine a what ? adam you will see . blaine actually look rattle , as the two man get line up . Adam be on a snowboard . blaine what 's that ? adam you be not afraid of get beat by a guy on a skateboard , be you ? 87 . blaine I have see you in action . you be reckless and terrible . adam reckless and terrible 's my middle name . because I feel the need ... ( pull on goggle ) for speed ! chaz hold out he arm as a start line . adam ( cont 'd ) catch ya at the bottom . chaz 3 , 2 , 1 ... go ! blaine take off down the mountain like a professional skiier , which he pretty much be . Adam look toward Jacob , who demonstrate the proper crouch . Adam slowly pick up speed , start at about one mile per hour . blaine look back and can not believe how easily he 's gonna coast to victory . adam here go nothing . instead of weaving back and forth , Adam just stay in the crouch , picking up speed . he recklessly pass blaine , despite the many tree and obstacle on the course . he bear down and travel like a bolt of lightning ! blaine find the gut to alter he style , ski more recklessly too . he begin catch up to Adam . blaine skis up next to Adam - they be both go full force . blaine you can not beat I ! I be bear on this mountain ! adam I be bear in a hospital like a normal baby ! Adam bend down and pick up even more speed , narrowly missing tree and rock . blaine try to keep up . Adam have the finish line in he sight , when he roll the dice once too often . his snowboard get snagged on a rock and Adam tumble to the ground . 88 . the snowboard fly off into the AIR ! CUT to : ext . mountain / base - day phil stand against a shed , as a guy throws a hatchet at he , just narrowly miss he arm . phil flext he muscle , as a hot chick kiss he . then the snowboard fly into frame and slice off phil be arm , send blood splatter everywhere ! phil ahhhh ! my arm !!! ext . mountain / top - day - same time Lou watch with binoculars and pump he fist . lou yes ! ext . mountain - race - day as Adam tumble on the ground , blaine smile , think he have the victory in the bag . but instead of stop , Adam pick up speed , as he tumble limb over limb , like a snowball go down the mountain . with 50 yard to go , blaine bear down and try to catch Adam . it 's gonna be close . at the finish line , Adam 's crumpled body pass the line first . blaine pull up , piss off to lose the race . Adam 's momentum carry he forward another 50 yard , where he smashes into a deck and finally come to a stop . CUT to : a champagne bottle pop ! int . pine valley inn / suite - late afternoon a large " bon voyage " banner hang in the room . 89 . a all-out party be go on in the guy ' suite . guest party everywhere , help the guy celebrate . Sandy and Michelle flirt with the two dude who take brief possession of the towel guy yesterday . the Coke guy from the gondola talk with the brew haus waitress . Adam 's leg be in a cast , as he sit at a table with Jacob , Nick , and Lou . the OPEN backpack be in front of they . they drink and toast . nick you do it , man . adam ah , it be nothing . I just fall down the mountain . nick it be a beautiful fall . Lou go into Adam 's backpack and pull out the sandwich , which he begin unwrap . adam ( disgust ) tell I you be not go to keep eat that . Lou take a bite and shrug . lou Chicken parm . it 's my favorite . adam Chicken parm ? Adam take the sandwich from Lou . he look at it closely . adam ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) Chicken parm . on this roll . the guy look confuse , as Adam stare at the sandwich . jacob Adam , what be it ? flashback to : 90 . int . french restaurant - night Adam and lily nervously make eye contact at the front of the restaurant , as a snooty host shake he head . adam ( v.0 . ) it be we first date . you know that night that be just perfect ? this be not one of that night . int . movie theater - dark Adam and lily sit through " from Justin to Kelly , " the american idol movie . they do not enjoy themselves . ext . parking lot - night Adam inspect a huge dent in the side of he car . as he do so , a car drive by , splashing a puddle on lily . adam ( v.0 . ) if lily know where we be , I be sure she would have walk home . and I would not have blame she . ext . italian deli - night in the rain , Adam and lily run toward the entrance of a little deli . Inside the doorway , a little old woman shake she head no . Adam plead with he eye and she let they in . int . italian deli - night Adam and lily sit and talk animatedly at the counter in the small , empty deli , eat sandwiches . adam ( v.0 . ) we be so hungry by the time we find that deli , we would have eat anything . so what if it be not foie gras and pino noir . it be chicken parm and italian soda . and it could not have be more perfect . back to : int . pine valley inn / suite - day the guy enjoy listen to Adam 's story . 91 . nick that sandwich be special , huh ? adam you could say that . you could also say it give I horrible diarrhea . flashback to : int . adam' apartment / bathroom - night Adam shit he brain out . when it look like . he might be do , he turn around and vomit into the toilet . int . adam' apartment - night lily wait by the bathroom door with some pepto and a glass of water . she look very concerned . adam ( v.0 . ) lily have every opportunity to leave . she do not know I at all and she certainly do not owe I anything after the night I put she through . but she stay . int . adam' apartment - night Adam lay on the couch , he head in lily 's lap . she feed he a little gatorade . he keep it down ... for a moment . then he turn and vomit into a bucket on the floor . adam ( v.0 . ) she see I at my worst and she stay . lily hold the bucket , as Adam puke into it . back to : int . pine valley inn / suite - day Nick , Lou , and Jacob look sick . adam do not you see ? this be more than a sandwich . it represent all that shit . all that puke . 92 . lou keep the sandwich . jacob this be disgusting . adam she give I this as a reminder of she love . ( thinks ) or to give I horrible diarrhea so I do not leave the room during the bachelor party . but mostly as a reminder of she love . Adam hold up the sandwich . adam ( cont 'd ) this be the reason I need to go home . Adam stand up and walk toward the door with the sandwich . adam ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go prep the tub . Lou hold up a bag of chip . lou do you have any storey about this chip or can I eat they ? ext . pine valley inn / patio - continuous Adam walk outside , take a bite of the sandwich . he find jennie wait in the tub . jennie there you be ! adam jennie ! what be you do here ? jennie make good on a rumor . jennie stand up in the tub and she 's topless . Adam drop the sandwich , shocked . adam whoa . 93 . jennie continue talk , shamelessly expose herself . jennie when I see you win that race against blaine , everything change for I . I realize now that I deserve more . I deserve a winner . ( seductive ) come and get you prize . Adam reach next to the tub and hand she a robe . adam yeah , I ... can not . she cover up , embarrassed . jennie oh my god . I miss my opportunity . adam no , I be not sure there ever be a opportunity . jennie , you be terrific . you have bring I so many moment of joy , you will never know . but I should not have give you the wrong idea . jennie look sad and vulnerable , as Adam talk . adam ( cont 'd ) the truth be there 's a girl I need to go see . we have plan to spend the rest of we life together . and I can not wait any longer . ( listen to himself ) and I be totally cool with it . Adam smile , feel the rush of know he 's ready . but then he see how sad jennie be . he move closer to she . adam ( cont 'd ) one day , you be go to find the right guy who 's willing to give up everything and travel across time and space for you love . she nod and tear up a little bit , as Adam hug she . jennie ( emotional ) I would totally blow you right now . 94 . adam I know you would . dissolve to : ext . pine valley inn / patio - later that afternoon the guy stare at the tub , which continue to bubble , even though it 's not plugge in . nick we do not have to go yet , Adam . thing be just get fun . jacob and we can do whatever we want without any real consequence . that 's a lot to give up . adam ( nods ) that 's how I know I be do the right thing . Adam reach in he backpack , but can not find the Red bull . he turn it inside out and shake it -- nothing . jacob where 's the Red bull ? blaine ( v.0 . ) you look for this ? across the patio , a drunk , dishevel blaine hold the can . blaine ( cont 'd ) you could not leave well enough alone , could ya ? you could not just win the race and call it a day ? you have to have jennie too . adam I do not want jennie . blaine that 's funny . I do not want this soda , either . blaine smile like a asshole . Adam 's face go desperate , as blaine open the can and drink the whole thing . adam nooooo ! 95 . Adam run at blaine and tackle he to the ground . on the ground , Adam beat the live hell out of blaine , mess up he face . it make the Jared leto scene from fight Club look tame . eventually , Adam 's friend pull he off . Adam crawl to the Red bull can and it 's empty . adam ( cont 'd ) ( desperate ) why ? Lou take blaine 's pulse . lou Holy shit ! you may have kill this guy ! no wait ... wait ... I have get a pulse . eh , so much for that . Nick put he hand on Adam 's shoulder . nick I be sorry man . I be really sorry . adam the Red bull 's go . he fuck we . jacob not necessarily . everyone look toward Jacob . jacob ( cont 'd ) the Red bull be not really go . ( point to blaine ) it 's in he . a beat , as everyone sorta get it . nick it 's worth a shot . time CUT to : ext . pine valley inn / patio - moment later Adam , Nick , and Jacob sit in the tub . Adam cross he finger . Lou stand outside the tub , fully dress . adam come on , Lou . 96 . lou Nah , I will take a rain check . nick what be you talk about ? lou listen , you life at home sound all beautiful and happy with you barbecue and swim pool and " oh , that sandwich remind of some gay shit I do one time . " Adam and Nick do not look thrilled to be reduce to this . lou ( cont 'd ) but my life back there suck . and in case you have not notice , my life here fuck rule . so I have a coke problem ? I will go to rehab . I have no money ? I will stop win sex and start win dollar . Lou drag blaine by the foot closer to the tub . lou ( cont 'd ) guy , I be tailor- make for 1987 . and you will excuse I , but I value bang young chick way more than all of you friendship combine . ( then ) no offense . Adam , Nick , and Jacob kinda nod and understand . adam yeah , no , I get it . Lou go around and give they all hug . nick make perfect sense , man . Lou squeeze Jacob 's shoulder . lou I do not hate you as much as I use to . jacob ( a little emotional ) I hate you a little less also . Lou lift blaine' limp body . 97 . adam ok , whenever you be ready , Lou . lou one small step for man ! one giant asshole puke in a hot tub ! here go nothing ! Lou do the heimlich maneuver on blaine . it take one ... two ... three thrust until blaine puke in the tub ! for a second , it 's just a big splash of vomit and nothing else . nick ok , well maybe if we -- a bright flash consume the screen ! and when it die down , we see Adam , Nick , Jacob ( and the float puke ) in the hot tub where we leave they . only Lou be miss . adam what happen ? do it work ? nick I do not feel anything . jacob ( disappointed ) guy , look . they see people walk by , wear colorful flare - out ski attire . the place look the same as it do two second ago . nick dammit . even the deck furniture 's the same . we fuck blow it . it do not work . adam where 's Lou ? lou ( o.s. ) right on schedule ! Lou walk toward they , but there 's a lot that 's " off " about he , include hair plug , jewelry , and a shitload of plastic surgery ( include a fix nose ) that make he look at once older and young . nick ahhh ! 98 . lou oh , the face , eh ? I be curious how you would react . ( disappointed ) do not think you would be scared . adam Lou ? lou you be damn right it 's I . adam what happen ? lou you just travel 23 year in three second . take I 23 year . it 's good to see you guy ! jacob we be back ? it all look the same . lou it better ! you know how much I pay the groundspeople around here ? a lot . but that 's all right , I be fuck load . look at all this . everyone look confuse . adam will you fill in some of the blank for I , please ? lou I will give you the short version , because time be of the essence . first of all , to settle a old bet , time most definitely have be move forward . it be exactly three day since you have arrive here in beautiful havenhurst . Jacob look at Nick . jacob told you . lou secondly , I be filthy rich . make sport bet . sued Ace of base . I own most of V ermont . ( more ) 99 . lou ( cont 'd ) I have be reimagine the state as my own personal playground . you could say I be a little bit like Michael Jackson , except I do not fuck kid . two young hotties walk by and wave at Lou . lou ( cont 'd ) I do fuck they , though . have not go above 24 year old in 10 year and even then , it be a mistake . ( remembering ) a horrible mistake . adam wait , fuck , Lou what time be it ? lou Way ahead of you , Adam . you have 2 hour to get to New Jersey in time for you rehearsal dinner . adam ( disappointed ) great , I blow it . lou not even a little bit . I have a helicopter wait in the parking lot and a private jet on my airfield five minute away . the guy look stunne . lou ( cont 'd ) I have some time to plan . God , it 's good to have you guy back ! ext . private airfield - afternoon Lou 's private jet take off from the runway . int . private jet - afternoon the guy sit back and enjoy the plush surroundings and the beautiful flight attendant aboard Lou 's jet . lou by the way , Adam , I hope you do not mind . right after you leave , I fuck jennie silly . 100 . adam why would she have sex with you ? lou you get the big time assist . all that talk of she find the right guy who 's willing to give up everything ? make she wetter than a log flume . ( smile ) she 's all - time top five . adam good to hear . nick Lou , I gotta ask you something . lou time travel paradox . nick exactly . be not there now two of you live here in 2010 ? lou think really hard about that one . what happen to I when I be 19 ? Nick shrug . he look at Adam . suddenly , both they eye nearly pop out of they skull . nick no way ... adam you go miss and be never find . lou yeah , you be gonna have some linger memory of both version . adam wait a minute , what happen to ... you know . other Lou . lou you do not wanna know . adam Lou ... 101 . lou the kid suck , ok ? he could not take even a little bit of direction . pretty soon I realize that have two version of the same dude walk around -- as cool as that sound -- do not make very much sense to I . nick ok ? lou so I take care of the problem . nick what do you do ? lou I have to do it . adam what do you do ? lou I kill myself . adam Jesus Christ . lou yeah , it be really some existential shit . I mean , here I be commit homicide and I be actually commit suicide . nick how could you ? lou it be easy actually . for a minute , I think I might be deal with that whole timecop thing . you know , the same matter can not occupy the same space at the same time bullshit and we both go poof ? especially after that whole nose thing . but no , it be just a murder . I do not suffer . adam I do not wanna hear any more . 102 . lou it be strangulation . adam I do not wanna hear any more ! they sit in horrify silence for a bit . lou you will have to introduce I when we get there . you family will not know I . although I be sure they be huge fan . ( abrupt ) so hey , get marry , huh ? take the plunge ! Adam look disturb . Nick look confuse . nick this make no sense at all . int . restaurant - night lily look beautiful , surround by family and friend . still , she look distant and lonely . until -- a lily ( the flower ) come into frame . lily smile and stand up . she turn around . Adam 's stand there with a whole bouquet of flower . lily give he a big hug and kiss . when she 's do : lily do not you ever let I take you phone again ! adam ( coy ) I be here on time . just like I promise . Nick sit down next to courtney and Jacob take he seat . adam ( cont 'd ) ( no nerve at all ) I be so happy to see you and I can not wait to spend the rest of my life with you . lily ( tearful ) I too ! 103 . adam you be the one . lily notice Adam 's on crutch . lily oh my god , what happen ? lou ( o.s. ) my fault entirely , madam ! the room be abuzz with chatter , as Lou make a nearly regal entrance , wear a white tuxedo . guy at table hey , it 's Lou blustein ! the whole room applaud Lou , as he walk in . Adam and the guy can not believe it . lou I be partake in a little ski adventure and I mistakenly wander into you fiance 's path . his break leg be my break heart . my most humble apology . Lou scrape and bow and regally kiss lily 's hand . she look genuinely flatter . Lou get up and whisper to Adam . lou ( cont 'd ) see ? I be awesome here . you shoulda stay out of that tub . CUT to : int . restaurant - night - later Nick slow dance with Courtney . nick I be think we would invite Adam and lily over for dinner when they get back from they honeymoon . that 's ... if it 's ok with you ? courtney why would not it be ok with I ? that sound nice . ( smile ) ( more ) 104 . courtney ( cont 'd ) you look so good in this shirt , by the way . Nice choice . she put she head on Nick 's shoulder as they dance . nick so ... how be you parent ? courtney still work hard . I really wish they could retire already , but it 's tough compete with the big chain . I mean , they just have the one store ... flashback to : ext . havenhurst MAIN drag - 1987 - day the japanese businessman be on a pay phone , speak rapidly in japanese . japanese businessman ( in japanese ) hiro-san ! cancel the paperwork ! we have to get back to Tokyo . I have inside information that undermine the supermarket deal . Nick stand next to he , nodd and smiling widely . back to : int . restaurant - night - present day Nick enjoy dance with he mellow , awesome wife . nick ( smile ) you know what they say about hard work . build character . by the bar Adam order drink , as he phone ring . he pick it up and in a instant , jacob be stand right before he as a very realistic hologram . adam ahh ! 105 . jacob this be why we should not have sell that ipod . Adam put he hand through Jacob , who speak with purpose . jacob ( cont 'd ) the japanese have apparently cornere the technology sector over the past 20 year . we have deal american business quite a irreparable blow . adam what do that mean for we ? jacob pretty much nothing for we personally . we just get cooler phone and ipod and shit . adam oh. great ! Jacob click off and disappear , as lily approach . Adam can not help but beam from ear to ear . adam ( cont 'd ) you be so beautiful . lily I know you be only go for a couple day , but I miss you so much . Adam take she hand . adam come on , let 's get out of here . we have unfinish business . lily smile . she get into it . lily it 's about time . ok , what 's the fantasy ? adam ( genuine ) how about you be the woman I love and I be the man of you dream ? lily booor- !! 106 . adam ok , you be a nurse and a snake bit my penis . lily done and do . they bolt for the door and we CUT to : int . restaurant - night - later the party be wind down and only a few guest remain . at a table in the corner , Lou have a extended make out session with a stunningly beautiful girl in she early 20 . they finally come up for air . lou so you be friend with the bride ? beautiful girl can you keep a secret ? I be actually kinda crash the party . lou naughty girl . you be secret 's safe with I . beautiful girl I be just in town for a couple of night . I be actually look for my father . we have never meet . lou I be from here . maybe I know he . beautiful girl his name be hank musselman . for a moment , Lou 's expression freeze . he blink . then -- lou no , never hear of he . he go back to making out with her and we : fade out . the end