Simon pegg and Edgar wright int . mtropolitan police station . front desk m day police constable nicholas angel burst through the entrance of a eity police station and [ U + fb02 ] ash he warrant card . male voice ( v.0. } Police constable Nicholas angel . int . metropolitan police station - day angel stride down a corridor . his collar number read 777 . male voice ( v.0 . ) bear and school in London . graduate from canterbury University in 1993 with a double [ U + fbo2 ]rst in politics and sociology . insert : angel at training college stand amongst dopey look trainee . they wear navy tee shirt and short . male voice ( v.0 . } attend police training college , display a impressive aptitude in both field training and theoretical study . insert : angel run in riot gear down a alley , dodging petrol bomb , storming a fake hostage situation , finish a exam and hold the paper aloft . male voice ( v.0.} ( cont have ) excelled way beyond peer , pass into the Metropolitan Police service - insert : angel surround by the same dopey face as before , this time in full uniform , at a graduation parade . male voice ( v.0 . ) - and soon prove worth as a officer . establish both a popularity and a effectiveness in the community - insert : angel talk with elderly people , a chinese family in they native tongue , young offender in a hall . male voice ( v.0 . } - further he skill with elective training course in advanced drive - insert : angel do a elaborate skid in a police car . male voice ( v.0 . ) - as well as pioneer the use of the mountain bicycle - insert : angel do a elaborate skid on a police bike . male voice ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) - and raise of [ U + fb02 ] oe morale with a inventive use of desktop publishing - insert : angel pin up various notice in bright colour ; they read 's bike shed 's , 's canteen 's , ' hate crime 's . male voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) - also become heavily involved in many extra curricular activity and to this day hold the met record for the 100 metre dash . insert : angel fencing , do judo , play chess , burst through a finish tape at speed . male voice ( v.0 . } - in 2001 begin operation ina North London armed response unit , whiskey , bravo 7 - insert : angel burst into a stairwell of a apartment block as part of a heavily armed response team . male voice ( v.0 . ) - and receive a bravery award for effort in the resolution of operation crackdcwn - insert : angel storm a room where a wild eye crackhead hold a family hostage with a kalishnikov . angel respond fast , fire a short burst . his expression be one of shock . male voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) in the last twelve month alone , have receive nine special commendation , achieve the high arrest record for any officer in the borough and sustained three injury in the line of duty , most recently in December when wounded by a man dress as eather Christmas . insert : we see [ U + fbo2 ] ash of frame commendation , multiple cuffing St. Nick . int . mtropolitan police constable of a city police Police and a violent altercation with a wild eye police station . front desk m day nicholas angel burst through the entrance station and [ U + fb02 ] ash he warrant card . male voice ( v.0. } constable Nicholas angel . int . sergeant 's geeice - day angel sit opposite a jovial sergeant of the same age . sergeant hello Nicholas . how 's the hand ? angel still a bit stiff . hardly seegeant fitting for such a good boy . angel I be sorry sergeant ? sergeant get stab by Santa . right . it can angel sergeant get awfully hairy out there . I be surprised you have not be snap up into a nice desk job before . I know that 's what I do . angel sergeant . I prefer to think my office be out on the street . indeed sergeant you do . you arrest record be 460 % higher than any other officer . and you paperwork be really quite exemplary . you do like to cross the 's I 's and dot the ' T 's . angel dot the 's I 's and cross the ' T 's . sergeant exactly . and that 's why it 's high time such skill be put to better use . we be make you sergeant . angel I see . sergeant ( mumble ) in sandford , Gloucestershire . angel in where sorry ? sergeant in sandford , Gloucestershire . angel that 's in the country . sergeant yes , lovely . angel that 's mile away . sergeant Lovely . angel be there not a sergeant 's position in London ? sergeant no . angel well , can I just stay here asa p.c .? sergeant nooo . angel do I have any choice in this ? sergeant noooo . angel but , I like it here . sergeant you always say you want to transfer to the country . angel in twenty year time maybe . sergeant well do you . angel hang on - I do not actually remember tell you that . sergeant yes you do , you say " ( slyly look at note ) " I would love to settle down in the country sometime janine " . angel I would like to talk to the Inspector . sergeant hey , fine . you can talk to the Inspector , but I promise he ’1ll say the same thing as I . int . sergeant 's office - day a equally jovial inspector sit alongside the sergeant . inspector hello Nicholas . how 's the hand ? angel still a bit stiff . inspector how be thing at home ? angel I be sorry sir ? inspector how 's janine ? angel we be no longer together sir - inseectqr so where be you live now ? sergeant he 's in the section House sir . inspector with all the recruit ? angel temporarily yes , but - inspector well , we must get you out of there . sergeant yes , he 's live out of cardboard box . inspector well , then you be already pack . Nicholas , we be offer you a smash position and a delightful cottage in a lovely little place that 's be vote 's Village of the Year 's I do not know how many time . it 'il be good for you . sergeant we be only ask you to go for nine month . angel nine month !? inspector a year . sergeant two year top . angel I really do not know what to say - inspector just say yes . sergeant just say yes , thank you . angel no , I be sorry sir , I want to - inspector - take this higher ? angel yes . yes I do . inspector you want I to bother the Chief Inspector with this ? angel yes I do . inspector you want I to get the Chief Inspector to come all the way down here ? angel yes . inspector okay . Kenneth ? the jovial chief inspector ( 50 's ) enter . angel stand . chief inspector hello Nicholas . how 's the hand ? inspector & sergeant still a bit stiff . angel Chief Inspector - ceief inspector keep you seat . now , I know what you be go to say , but the fact be , you be make we all look bad . angel I be sorry sir ? chief inspector of course we all appreciate you effort , but you be rather let the side down . angel but , my record be 406 % higher than everyone else . chief inspector exactly ... angel I be not sure I - chief inspector sometimes you have just get to sail the middle path . inspector it 's all about be a team player Nicholas . sergeant you can not be the sheriff of London . chief inspector if we let you carry on run around town , you 'il just continue to be exceptional and we can not have that . you 'il put we all out of a job . angel with the great respect , sir . you can not just make people disappear . chief inspector yes I can . I be the Chief Inspector . inspector no one 's disappear , sergeant . angel however you spin this , there 's one thing you have not count on . and that 's what the ' team 's be go to make of this . angel exit the office and be greet by every officer in the force , clasp plastic glass . a makeshift sign make from colour photocopy sheet read 's good luck nicholas '. int . groune floor estate flat - day a group of crime scene investigator dress in white protective suit , face mask and goggle , work in a blood spatter room . a mobile ring . one of the CSI 's pick up . janine hello . angel ( 0.s.} janine . it 's I . janine I know . I be at work . angel ( 0.s. ) I know . I be outside . janine turn to see angel outside the window on he mobile . angel ( cont ’c} what 's the situation ? janine you know the situation . we have be over this . angel I mean here . janine two people involved , distinct sign of a struggle . a complete mess . angel you be talk about here ? janine Nicholas , what do you want ? angel I need to tell you something and I do not want to do it over the phone . angel disappear . beat . he re-enter moment later and approach the hallway door . he see janine . angel ( cont ’d ) janine , I be be transfer . I be go away for a while - 10 . male CSI I be not janine . a cough . angel turn to find janine stand to he right . angel janine , I be be transfer . I be go away for a while . janine I know . Bob tell I . another CSI walk past and wave to angel bob alright ? angel I just want to tell you in person . there 's no reason why we can not be civil with each other . it 's not so long ago that we be talk about get marry . janine yes but you be already marry to the force be not you ? angel we be actually suppose to refer to it as 's the service 's now . of [ U + fb02 ] oial ’vocab guideline state that 's force 's sound too aggressive . janine see that 's it . it 's only ever about the job . it 's all you care about . angel that 's not true . janine no , you be right , you do have that rubber plant . angel it 's actually a peace lily . janine you just can not switch off Nicholas . janine whip off she goggle for emphasis . we be still no wiser as to what she look like . 11 . janine ( cont would ) and until you find a person you care about more than you job , you never will . besides you be the one who suggest we take a break . angel yeah well , guilty people usually make the first move . janine actually there 's something I need to tell you too . angel you be see somebody . janine yes . how do you -? angel be it Bob ? we see bob dusting for print . janine no. do Bob look like the kind of person I have go out with ?... it 's Dave . she gesture to a identical CSI . he wave to angel . dave alright ? angel look down and stare at the [ u+ fbo2 ] oor . janine soften . janine oh , Nicholas - angel you do know that window 's be break from the inside ? the csis look to the break window . janine hang she head . 12 . int . section house corridor / bedroom - day we prowl down the corridor of a dormitory to a tiny bedroom . angel pack a large red suitcase and take down photo from the wall ; a blonde child in a toy police car , a article read 's hero gun cop save family 's . Three fresh face recruit appear at the door . recruit be it true you be leave sir ? angel yes it be true . recruit be it okay if we have you milk ? int / ext . title / TRAVEL nontage - day - dusk angel leave the section house , strike a lonely figure on the pavement with he suitcase and pot plant under he arm ... ... angel cradle he pot plant on a crowded tube train ... ... angel read the Guardian on a inter -city train and eat tofu from a lunch box . urban landscape whisr by ... ... angel and he pot plant at a desert train station ... ... angel sit on a connect shuttle train . the reception bar on he mobile deplete . Street light whizz by ... ... angel sit in a minicab in semi darkness . out of the window a sign loom : ' welcome to sandeord 's , 's the community that care 's . it feature a picture of castle ruin . ... Signs whizz by ; one point to the 's model village 's , a large [ U + fb02 ] oral display read 's sandfoed , village of the year 's , a neighbourhood watch sign . we see a local church surround in scaffold . rain spot the cab window . ext . sandeord village square - evening the minicab pull away , leave angel , a lonely figure on the pavement , the pot plant under he arm . 13 . int . swan HOTEL reception - night angel come in to the reception of a up - market guest house , with twee live room furnishings in the foyer . a very old man snore in a armchair . we see a poster for a production of romeo and juliet . a ornamental sword be mount above a front desk where a middle - aged woman preside . she do not look up . woman it would appear the heaven have open . angel I be hope I could check in . woman check in ? but you have always be here . angel Excuse I ? woman ( peer through specs ) I be sorry , I think you be my husband . you must be sgt. angel . angel um , yes I be . joyce cooper I be Joyce Cooper . I trust you have a pleasant trip . fascist . angel I beg you pardon ? joyce cooper system of government characterise by extreme dictatorship . Seven across . mrs . cooper motion to the crossword she 's be do . angel ah . I believe that 's ' fascism '. joyce cooper fascism ? wonderful . we have put you in the ' Castle suite 's . it 's on the second [ U + fb02 ]oor . Bernard will escort you up . 14 . she motion to the old man in the foyer . for a moment he look dead but a prodigious snore prove otherwise . angel it 's okay . I be sure I can make my own way up . hag . joyce cooper I beg you pardon ? angel evil old woman consider ugly or frightful . 12 down . joyce cooper bless you . int . swan HOTEL corridor / room - day angel approach a door mark castle suite . he unlock it and enter . the room be quaint but identical in dimension to he previous accomodation . angel take off he jacket and place he pot plant on the windowsill . it 's deathly quiet . angel grab he jacket again . ext . sandford square - night the rain now stop , angel walk the empty street . he hear sign of life from the pub . he head towards it , pass the village fountain , where a group of young child gather . chatt , lean on skateboard , they all wear hood top . angel frown and glance at he watch . as he pass , the hoodies all stare after he . int . the crown - night angel cautiously enter a lively pub , complete with rustic farming equipment and a cheery landlord and landlady . rotund drinker pint of lager , please Mary . mary porter right you be my love . roy porter yes sir , what can I get you ? 15 . angel could I have a glass of the ... cranberry juice please ? roy porter certainly . now , you would not , by any chance , be the new policeman ? angel Police officer , yes . my name be Nicholas angel . roy porter think so . I be Roy porter and this be my wife Mary . mary porter welcome to sandford . if there 's anything you need , let we know . angel thanks . could I borrow you paper ? angel point to a 's sandford citizen 's on the bar . mary porter it 's not ours love . roy porter not big fan of the local fishwrapper , be we mare ? they list she age as 55 " mary porter - when I be actually 53 . rotund drinker pint of lager , please Mary . mary porter right you be my love . int . the crown - night angel sit on a stool at the bar read the paper - ( headline read 's mystery surround proposed eipass 's ) a suspiciously young laugh draw angel 's attention . some drinker at the bar look very fresh face . other drink beer through straw . another drinker guffaw , he brace glint . angel be dazzle . he look to a sign read ' it be illegal to sell alcohol to anyone under the age of 18 's . 16 . int . the crown - continuous angel stride over to the table of straw drinker . angel Excuse I . when 's you birthday ? youngste 22nd of February . angel what year ? youngster every year . angel okay . get out . jumpcut . angel talk to the youngster with terrible acne . youngste 2 eighth of May , 1968 . angel you be 37 ? youngster 2 .. yeah . angel get out . jumpcut . a high voice youngster with brace . youngster 3 ummm ... angel out . roy porter be there a problem officer ? angel yes there be . a awful lot of you patron appear to be underage Mr. porter . roy porter well , a few of they may be a month or two south of proper . but if they be in here , it stop they get into trouble out there - 17 . mary porter - do they business in the street , have fisticuff , nick traf [ U + fb02 ] c cone - roy porter the way we see it , it 's all about the great good . mary porter ... the great good . angel that may be , but the law 's the law . they 's 11 all have to go . mary porter / roy porter oh . ext . the crown - night a grumble group of teens stomp out of the pub . int . the crown - night angel be sit back at the bar . the pub be now almost empty . the porter be not so cheery now . roy porter another cranberry juice ? angel I be fine thank you . ext . the crown - night angel stroll out of the pub and walk past the fountain . he toss a coin in and take time to observe the plague ; ' this fountain be generously 'restore with fund raise by Mr f. butterman , Mrs J. Cooper , Mr R. hatcher , miss A. paver ... 's a metallic scratch distract angel . he see the rotund drinker try to put he key in the lock of a astra . angel I hope you be not think of drive that . 18 . rotund drinker nope . the rotund erinker stumble away from the car . angel turn back and notice that the plague have be vandalise with a marker pen graffiti tag which appear to be a 's G 's . a engine revs behind angel . he jump back as the astra reverse into the fountain with a resounding crash . he storm over to the driver 's door and haul the rotuno drinker out , who immediately and loudly throw up . angel I be take you down the station ... where be it ? angel escort the rotund drinker by the collar . up ahead , the underage drinker piss in the street . angel cough . underage drinker what ? int . sandfoed station / front office - night angel stride in with the rotund drinker and the underage drinker . he have also pick up three other underage drinker , two scuff from brawling and one with a traffic cone on he head . he [ U + fbo2 ] ash he card to a cheery desk sergeant . desk sergeant sergeant Nicholas angel ? when do you start ? angel tomorrow . desk sergeant I see you have already arrest the whole village . angel not exactly . the desk sergeant look to the rotund drinker and laugh . the rotune drinker stumble over to a connect door . desk sergeant you in for the night ? four 's free . 19 . angel I need to talk to he . desk sergeant he ’1l1 be no use till the morning . do you really want to process this lot ? my pen 's run out . angel not a problem . angel retrieve two pen from he pocket . cue elashcut of detainee be process , fingerprint take , height measure ; ( the traffic cone kid , unable to remove he headgear be record as 8 's 2 " ) . int . swan HOTEL room - night angel lie on he bed , stare at the ceiling . int . swan HOTEL room - morning jump CUT to the next morning . the bed be empty . ext . high STREET - morning angel in sweat , jog out of the hotel . in the daylight , sandford look beautiful and idyllic . joyce cooper be up a ladder , water she hang basket . she greet angel cheerily . he pass other early bird who do the same ; a female newsagent set out she paper stand , a eookish woman on a bicycle , a cheery vicar , a dishy doctor . angel see the crash astra be tow away by a removal vehicle operate by two gruff looking men . they nod to he . man ( 0.s. ) lock I up ? another jogger stop by angel . he have a ready smirk and a confident air . he wear a 's sandford fun runners 's t-shirt . angel sorry ? man I be a slasher and I must be stop . 20 . angel you be a what ? man a slasher ... of price . I be joke of course . I be Simon Skinner , I run the local Super marche . simon skinner nod to a supermarket name summraisle . pop in some time , my discount be criminal . catch I later . skinner accelerate into a sprint , leave a bemuse angel at the door of he hotel . angel stride inside . int . sandford front office - morning angel stride into the station , now in full uniform . the same desk sergeant be there as before . although he be now sour face and have curly hair . angel be a tad confuse . angel Morning sergeant . have you do something with you hair ? desk sergeant no . angel well , could you tell Inspector butterman that I have arrive ? desk sergeant no . angel why ? desk sergeant he 's not in yet . angel I see . how 's we guest ? desk sergeant Guest ? angel the inebriate in cell four 21 . desk sergeant I dunno . nobody tell I nothing . angel walk over to cell four and look through the observation hatch . panic spread across he face . angel can I get cell four open ? desk sergeant ( 0.s. ) Danny , can you open four ? angel quickly please ? desk sergeant ( 0.s. ) quickly ... please ! a officer open the cell . angel walk in to find it empty . angel he 's go . officer oh my god ? who 's go ? we see that the officer be the rotund drinker . angel why be you dress as a police officer ? officer because I be one ? a jovial man enter the cell in senior officer 's garb . frank sergeant angel , at last . I see you have already meet my boy . int . frank 's office - day frank 's office be adorn with certificate , include " village of the year 's plague , along with a police a glass case and two mount antique pistol . we also see a photo of a young frank and danny dress as cowboy and a middle age woman dress as a sguaw . 22 . frank do forgive I . I be something of a wild west nut . speak of which , that be a fair few outlaw you round up last night . angel thank you sir . frank I admire you enthusiasm Nicholas and far be it from I to st i[ U + fbo2 ] e you [ U + fbo2 ] air , but this be not London . angel with respect sir , geographical location should not factor in the application of the law . frank but come in all gun blaring can sometimes exacerbate matter , you know make thing worse ? angel I be aware of the meaning of exacerbate , sir . frank of course you be . statistically , sandford be the safest village in the country but that do not mean it reguire anything less than a careful and consider approach . there 's a reason we accommodate a few of the youngling at the pub . angel the great good ? frank the great good . precisely ! you predecessor assume rural police be easy . ended up have a nervous breakdown . and sgt. popwell be a exceptional officer , truly exceptional . and he have one thing you have not get . angel what 's that sir ? 23. frank a great big bushy beard ! come on . let 's have a mosey around . int . station - day frank show angel the locker room . danny lag behind . frank locker room . frank open a door on a musty collection of riot gear . frank ( cont ’d ) riot room . a hedgehog be startle by the rare intrusion . frank approach another door with a security keypad . frank ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) and this here 's the evidence room . what 's the code again ? danny 999 , dad . frank you have think I have remember that . frank open the evidence locker . it 's surprisingly empty . frank ( cont 's D} now , how about a trip to the ande ? frank lead they to a door mark ' c.i.d '. Inside be two thirty something plain clothes officer with cropped hair , and tashes . on they small desk be two plate of cake . frank detective sergeant wainwright and detective constable cartwright . cartwright and wainwright stare back at angel with disdain . frank ( cont ’d ) do not get up . they leave and continue down the corridor . frank I suspect you be wonder why we call they the ande . 24 . angel because they be both call Andrew ? frank they say you be good . danny it 's also because talk the they be a uphill struggle , innit dad ? a wastepaper basket sail out of the ande office and hit eanny on the head . danny ( cont have ) oh fuck eff ? frank thank you Danny . a batter tin read '' swearbox '. danny drep a quid in . frank ( 0.s. ) the swearbox . all proceed to the restoration of the church roof . frank show angel into the operation room , where uniform officer bunch together at orampe desk . frank and this be where it all happen - we hear a solitary Apple start - up chime . frank ( cont have ) that 's sergeant tony Fisher , that 's PC Bob Walker and that be saxon . fisher ( 40 's ) reedy , fix grin . WALKER ( 50 's ) bald , grizzle with a large alsatian . all three be eat cake . WALKER pleshnrertoaveyeenbordsarg . frank and this be one doris thatcher . danny she 's we only police woman . angel she 's not a police woman . 25 . danny she be . I have see she bra . angel she 's a police officer , be a woman have nothing to do with it . doris tratcher oh , I do not know . it come in handy every so often . the rosy face officer wink lewdly at a blush angel . doris tratcher ( cont have ) I ceuld have give you the tour . I have be round the station a few time . the office erupt into bawdy cheer . angel be keen to move on . he point to a door mark ' n.w.a 's . angel what 's upstairs ? a little besuite man open the door . on the table of he tiny , folder cramme office be a plate of chocolate cake . weaver well , well , well , I see we have Visitors . frank Nicholas , this be Tom weaver " weaver civilian liaison for the neighbourhood watch at you service . angel good to meet you . weaver you x11 find we run a tight ship here . get everyone link up with a walkie so we can keep eaoh other abreast of any misadventure . and from here weaver open a connect door to a room full of monitor . weaver ( cont have ) I can see what the whole village be up to . I must say I be rather admire you handiwork last night . 26 . chuckle weaver cue up cctv footage of angel 's run-in . we also see footage of hoodies huddle around the fountain . weaver ( cont have ) shame you could not have do the same with that bloody hoodies . hanging around . loiter . sitting . angel I do notice some minor graffiti on the fountain . weaver graffiti ? I know they be up to something ! they need to be deal with Frank ? frank they be nipper Tom . they 's 11 come round . angel yes , this kind of transgression usually stem from boredom . ever think about building they a skate park ? or provide a designate wall for a graf [ U + fb02 ] it mural ? weaver look at angel and let out a huge guffaw . weaver ha ? that 's all we need on the team , another bloody joker . which remind I , we friend the live statue 's back . he be there Saturday . weaver [ U + fb02 ] ick through cctv printout of a street performer dress as a statue . they be all identical . weaver ( cont have ) look 11 be , 12 pm , lunchtime , 2 pm . if we do not come down hard on this clown , we 'il be up to we ball in juggler . frank perish the think . weaver I try to move he on myself but it cost I twenty quid in fifty pee and take four hour . 27 . frank we 'il get right onto it , Tom . they leave . frank scrunches up the printout into a hall , and throw it to danny , who head it into the bin . frank ( cont have ) we like to let they think they run the place . now , confession to make , bit of a problem with you office . angel well sir , I like to think my office be out on the street - frank oh , you hear about that ? he nod to office furniture sit out front of the station . frank ( cont have ) have a bit of a leak last week . frank open a door to reveal a damp , bare tiny office . frank ( cont have ) I know it 's not a great start on the welcome front . they bring the " Village of the Year 's forward for some reason and everyone 's go a bit mad get ready for it . we will get you behind you desk as soon as the [ U + fb02 ] oor 's dry . frank shut the door . they move back to the main of [ U + fb02]oe . frank ( cont have ) and that 's that . unless there 's anything you be unclear about ? angel there be sir . why be everyone eat chocolate cake ? frank the Black Forest gateaux be on Danny . as punishment for he little indiscretion . angel I would not call drive under the influence a ' little indiscretion 's , ( more ) 28 . angel ( cont have ) sir . besides , where 's the disciplinary value if constable butterman get to partake of the gateaux as well ? he 's have he cake and eat it . literally . frank ( chuckle ) the gateau be for misplaoing he helmet the other week . last night 's incident will require something much more serious . angel good . frank do you like ice cream ? angel I be sorry , I do not follow sir . frank let 's just say we will not be short of chunky monkey for the next month . the officer cheer . angel visibly sag . frank ( cont have ) well , since it 's you hrst day and it 's half past eleven , I have say that 's lunch . another cheer from the assemble officer . int . the crown - day angel be sit at a pub table with the other offieer ( only he wear a stab vest ) . danny bring pint to everyone but angel , who have a cranberry juice . saxon lap at a bowl of lager fisher sooooo , what make you choose sandford sergeant angel ? angel it be not actually my choice . there 's a 29 . fisher be not you choice to come down here and show I how to do my job . we job . WALKER yooceetyboisefinkdeynobettarrr. murmur of agreement . angel be a little oonfuse . angel I can assure you it be not my intention to upset the apple cart . cartwright yeah , cos we all sell apple down here , do not we ? danny you dad sell apple Andy . cartwright and raspberry . wainwright I bet you can not wait to jump into sergeant fopwell 's grave . wainwright swig guinness , the head collect on he lip . angel I be not jump in anyone 's grave . you have a moustache . wainwright I know . cartwright why have you get you stab vest on ? angel it 's a requirement . fisher in the city maybe . no -one 's go to stab you in here sergeant , not a member of the public anyhow . angel have you ever be stab sergeant Fisher ? 30 . fisher no . angel I have . and I can assure you it 's not the slight bit amusing . danny 's ear prick up , he look to angel with awe . danny have you see a lot of action sergeant angel ? angel I have experience my fair share , yes . wainwright Little bird tell I you be part of a armed response unit . angel what little bird would that be ? cartwright Andy google you . doris thatcher I wish someone would google I . danny be you part of a armed response unit ? angel yes , for two year . grave . danny do you cook any fool ? angel Excuse I ? danny do you shoot anybody ? cartwright shot someone ? he kill someone . danny no way , that 's amazing . 31 . angel it be not amazing , it be extremely regrettable , but the situation leave I with no choice . danny who do you shoot ? wainwright he shot a crack -head with a kalashnikov . danny wow . where do you get that ? angel the offender have the kalashnikov . danny wow . where have he get that ? wainwright you do know there be more gun in the country than in the city ? cartwright everyone and they mum 's pack round here . angel really , like who ? cartnright nod to a tall , ruddy , farmer at the bar . cartwright farmer . angel anyone else ? cartwright Farmer 's mum . danny pull he chair closer to the bemuse angel . danny what 's it like be stab ? angel it be the single most painful experience of my life . 32 . danny wow . what 's the second most painful ? int . angel 's office - day a glum angel sit at he desk . two man manoeuvre a filing cabinet into the office . a man appear from under he desk place a phone in front of he . it ring . angel answer . frank ( 0.s. ) everything alright ? angel actually sir - int . frank 's office - second later angel - there be something I want to talk to you about . frank oh yes ? angel I be a little concerned that my appointment here may be cause resentment within the division . frank oh really ? so what do you suggest ? int . station " some more second later . angel step out of Frank 's office . he get the attention of the assemble officer . they stop eat they cake . angel Excuse I everyone . if you could put you gateau down for a sec . in order to maximise my integration here at sandford , I have ask the Inspector to permit I a more grass root introduction . doris thatcher root . ha ha . there 's a 33 . angel I be hope that get out on the beat and familiarising myself with the area in this way , might dispel any concern about my suitabilty . thank you . vague affirmative murmur from the other officer . angel basically , I have just like to be treat like any other officer at this station . angel turn he back . a waste paper basket hit he hard on the head . the officer snigger . angel that could have actually really hurt someone . but ... thank you . angel re-enter frank 's office . frank look concerned . ext . hign frank you sure about this ? angel yes sir . frank well , I suppose , we should get you out there with someone who really know what 's what . and I think I have just the man ... danny ! STREET - day a glum cap wear angel and chirpy helmet wear danny , walk the street . Village folk greet they with ' afternoon 's . danny have you ever fire two gun whilst jump through the air ? angel afternoon . no. danny have you ever fire one gun whilst jump through the air ? 34 . angel afternoon . no. danny have you ever be in a high speed pursuit ? angel afternoon . yes . danny have you ever fire a gun whilst in a high speed pursuit ? angel afternoon . no. int . newsagent - day a sign read 's only one school child at any time '. angel wait as danny busy a pasty from a female newsagent . a walkie talkie crackle to life on the counter . radio voice annette , that new policeman be come into you shop . ext / int . squad car - day angel and danny sit in the park squad car ; angel be on the radio , watch with disdain as danny retrieve ketchup sachet from he top pocket and squirt they onto a pasty . angel oscar four zero , over . radio voice oscar four zero go ahead , over . angel just check ... ext . high STREET - evening angel and danny walk the quiet street again . danny what about dirty Harry ? 35 . angel even . no. danny lethal weapon . angel even . no. danny you have see die hard though ? angel even . no. danny bad boy 2 ? angel even . no. danny you have not see bad boy 2 ?? int . locker room - evening angel and a pump danny change out of they uniform . danny woof ? Hell of a day . angel yep . danny same again tomorrow ? angel yep . angel open he locker . hundred of apple tumble out . Inside a note read 's welcome sergeant 's . danny that be not I . the other officer appear , sniggering ; the ande , fisher and thatcher , who be in she bra . we hear a round of applause . 36 . int . swan HOTEL function room - evening the applause continue over a sign read 's n.w.a - 7 pm '. tom weaver introduce angel to a large group of Village folk , include joyce cooper and the porter . frank be also present , as be a snore bernard . weaver introduce the bookish cyclist glimpse that morning . weaver this be amanda paver , headmistress of sandford primary . and Simon Skinner I believe you have meet . simon skinner oh we be already firm friend . simon skinner beam at angel , who be a little unnerve . a middle age woman fuss over a [ U + fbo2 ] oral display read " welcome sergeant '. weaver and this be Leslie tiller , we local [ U + fb02 ] oral wiz . her horticultural contribution have help put sandford on the map . she prepare this especially for you . joyce cooper she 's ever so good . weaver James reaper , who own brannigan farm . weaver introduce the tall , ruddy , farmer from the bar . reaper I hear you be quite the marksman . perhaps you might like to join we for a shoot one day . angel I have not hold a firearm for over two year Mr. reaper and I be more than happy to keep it that way . reaper you will be popular with the local bird . a ripple of polite laughter as the group gather round and sit at a large circular table . skinner stare at angel grin . 37 . rev . shooter hello Nicholas . reverend shooter . May I say how pleased we be to have a angel at we table . ( more laughter ) actually I be hope you might read a homily at Sunday service . angel to be honest reverend , that might be a little hypocritical of I . rev . shooter oh , be we a atheist ? angel no , I be open to the concept of religion , I be just not entirely convinced . rev . shooter you be agnostic ? dr . hatcher I think I have a cream for that . more laughter . weaver nod to a tweedy , bearded doctor . weaver and this be Robin hatcher we resident sawbone . dr . hatcher hopefully we will not see too much of each other over the come month . dr . hatcher smile at angel . more laughter . weaver all that remain to say be , welcome to the weekly meeting of the neighbourhood watch Alliance . reader we be basically a group of volunteer who strive to keep the village just so . shooter we be the community that care . 38 . angel well , it 's good to know we have the support of the community . hatcher well , not the whole community . skinner we do not let any old riff raff in . a huge laugh . joyce cooper bring the meeting to order . joyce cooper now , quick announcement before we begin . Janet barker have just give birth to twin . congratulation to she , we will be keep a keen eye on they as they grow up . Tom ? weaver thanks Joyce . to business then . weaver affect a deadly earnest tone of voice . weaver ( cont have ) I be sure many of you will have notice the return of a blight on we street , one which be all the more disturbing as the not Village of the Year 's contest loom . I speak of course of the extremely irritate live statue . a image of the live statue on a overhead projector . there be mumble of " irritate " . angel stifles a yawn . frank smile and pat he on the back . int . swan HOTEL room - evening - montage angel listen to the radio and water he pot plant . radio 4 announcer ( 0.s. ) newly release Home Office statistic show crime in the capital soar ... later : a deject angel be on the phone . we hear the record voice of the met sergeant , from the first scene . sergeant ( v.0 . ) I be out of the office at present . if it 's a emergency , call 9 - 9 - 9 ... 39 . later : angel lie awake on he bed . his [ U + fbo2 ] oral tribute appear almost funereal against the wall . angel ( v.0 . ) Police work be as much about prevent crime as it be about fight crime . most importantly it be about procedural correctness ... angel - in the execution of unquestionable moral authority . any question ? we see angel be talk to a group of young school kid . danny sit cross legge with they . he put he hand up . danny be it true if you shot a man ina particular spot on the head , you can make it blow up ? later : angel and danny talk to headmistress amanda paver . a wiry young reporter approach with a camera . tim messenger hi , Tim Messenger . Quick snap for the sandford citizen ? later : angel pose awkwardly with the schoolkid . tim messenger ( cont would ) how about if you put the teacher in handcuffs ? angel I be not sure that give off the right signal . tim messenger give the little blond kid you hat ? angel look at a sweet blond haire boy next to he . angel I have rather not . tim messenger Wave you hit stick about ? angel no. 40 . int . swan HOTEL dine room - morning flash . we see the newspaper article ; 's short arm oe the law : top cop angle tell it to the kide '. angel circle the typo as he sit in a vast dining room . joyce approach with tea . joyce cooper oh , can I have you autograph please ? angel laugh it off bashfully . joyce cooper ( cont ’d ) I do need you signature for breakfast . int . locker room - morning angel open he locker . it be plaster with photocopy of the article . the ' angle 's typo be underline in red . int . station - morning angel make he way to he office . sniggere officer greet he with 's sergeant angle 's , include the now straight haire desk sergeant . desk sergeant Morning angle . fisher Morning angle . doris thatcher Morning angle . wainwright cartwright Morning angle . Morning angle . WALKER murrrnangul . angel I presume you just call I angle . WALKER arrr . angel feign good humour but look irritate . his phone ring . he pick up . 41 . angel sergeant angel ?... the swan have escape ?... and where exactly have the swan escape from ? and who might you be ? Mr. staker . Mr. P. i. staker ? piss taker ? angel look around at he fellow officer to see who be on the other end of the phone . he realise that no - one be . ext . church - day angel and danny talk to a old man in a car by a moat . angel yes Mr. staker , we 'il do everything we can to get she back . can you describe she ? mr . staker two foot tall . Long slender neck . angel go on . mr. staker Orange and black bill . angel anything else ? mr . staker she 's a swan . ext . park - dusk danny and angel close in on a swan which waddle through a park . however it evade they every time they draw near . int . newsagent - day danny busy a cornetto from a smirk annette roper . angel stand nearby , whilst look elsewhere . annette roper no luck catch they swan then ? danny it 's just the one swan actually . 42. ext . squad car / sandford square - day angel and danny sit in they usual parking space . sandford life drift by . the live statue be also present . danny you want anything from the shop ? angel you have just be to the shop . danny I be think of a different shop . angel constable butterman , this be not the time for personal errand . danny well , there 's nothing go on . angel there 's always something go on . look around you , what do you see ? danny people ...car ... that gold bloke ... the swan . angel where ? danny ha ha ? angel I be serious . you have to look closer . what about he in the big coat ? angel nod to a ancient man in a heavy winter overcoat . danny Mr. treacher ? angel well why be Mr. treacher wear that big coat ? he can not be cold . why the extra layer ? he might be hide something ... 43. danny but that 's Mr. treacher . angel okay , what about he ? angel nod over to a man in a purple shell suit with he cap pull down low over he face . angel ( cont have ) ask yourself why he have he hat pull down like that . danny he 's fuck ugly ? angel or he do not want you to see he face . danny because he 's fuck ugly . change tack , angel nod to a hulking man , clad in denim . angel alright . well , what 's he story ? danny that 's lurch . angel go on . danny he 's the trolley boy at the supermarket . angel good . danny Real name , Michael armstrong . angel okay . danny dad say he 's get a child 's mind . angel uh huh . 44 . danny live up summer Street with he mum and he sister . angel be they as big as he ? danny who ? angel the mum and the sister . danny same person . angel which shop be you think of ? int . summeraisle - day as danny delve in a video bargain bin full of action film , angel loiter in organic produce . he spot two gruff looking butcher behind a meat counter . they nod ' hello 's . female voice ( tannoy ) sergeant angel to the manager 's ofifice . manager ofifice . sergeant angel . int . manager office - day angel stride into a office where simon skinner read the ' top cop 's story in the sandford citizen . a slutty checkout girl lounge beside he . one wall be line with sketches of a drive through supermarket , the other with security monitor . a ' fun run 's trophy sit conspicuously on the shelf . skinner ah , sergeant angel . or be it angle ? checkout girl Mr. Skinner , a baby 's sick up in aisle six . skinner please excuse I . Michael ? the now uniform lurch lumber past the doorway . 45 . lurch yarp . skinner child vomit . aisle six . mop it up . lurch yarp. angel be there a problem , Mr Skinner ? skinner no , I just want to say how lovely it be to see you support you local store . angel that 's quite alright . skinner all too many have defect to the big safeway in buford Abbey and may they head be strike from they shoulder for such disloyalty . angel yes , well if you have excuse I , Mr. Skinner I be on duty . skinner of course , I simply spy you loitering in organic produce and assume you have time on you hand . angel well maybe there 's someone else you should be keep a eye on . skinner turn to leak at the cctv . on one screen we see a small , well dress man climb out of a Range Rover . skinner that 's the fridge magnate . angel the fridge magnet ? skinner name 's George merchant . make a fortune in kitchen goods . built that monstrosity on norris Avenue . he ’1l1 validate he parking with a ( more ) 46 . skinner ( cont have ) paltry snicker and scurry off to he solicitor 's office all afternoon . I swear I 'il have the boy tow he away . angel actually I be not talk about he . skinner oh ? angel I be talk about he . angel paint to a different screen . we see a shopper rather obviously stuff biscuit into he trousers . skinner ah . angel Excuse I . int . summeraisle - day angel stride straight up to the shopper . it be the man in the purple shell suit from the square . angel Excuse I . the shoplifter freeze for a moment . then scarper . danny read the cover of Jackie Chan 's supercop when angel explode into life , chase the shoplifter down the aisle . he throw the video back in the bin and fellow suit . ext . supermarket / high STREET - day the shoplifter burst onto the street with angel in hot pursuit . the usual friendly greeting from folk be bestow on angel as he sprint by . it sound surreal . they race past shopkeeper , who report into they radio . they also pass the live statue . he do not budge . the shoplifter avoid be hit by reaper 's 4 x4 . angel vault ever the bonnet . the shoplifter run into a alley . angel fellow , but come to a stop at the alley entrance . 47 . angel oh , you mother . several young mother with push chair clog up the alley . danny catch up with angel . he 's very out of breath . angel ( cont have ) let 's cut through here . danny through the garden ? angel what 's the matter ? you never take a short cut before ? angel leap over a garden fence , then the next one , then the next . it 's a amazing acrobatic feat . danny gasp and follow angel , but trip and crash through the fence . angel land back in the alley , when suddenly he spot - the swan . waddle past the mouth of the alley . angel be tear for a split second , then resume the shoplifter chase . angel run into the hoodies , spraying a graffiti tag read ' G 's on a wall . upon see angel , the hoodies immediately scatter like roach , drop they spray can on the [ u+fbo2]oor . angel scoops up the spray can and hurl it through the air . it hit the shoplifter on the head . he crash to the [ U + fbo2 ] oor hard . angel pick the shoplifter up . danny approach . angel ( cont have ) you do not have to say anything , but it may harm you defence if you do not mention when question something which you later rely on in court . anything you do say may be give in evidence . shoplifter alright Danny . danny alright Pete . angel do you know this man ? 48. danny yeah , he 's auntie Jackie 's sister 's brother 's boy . angel and it do not occur to you to mention this before ? danny I could not see he face could I ? I be not make of eye ! int . custody suite - day we see flashcut of peter cocker be process ; mugshot , print . angel fill out arrest paperwork . fisher amble over . sgt . fisher impressive collar . shame Mr Skinner do not want to press charge . angel what do you mean he do not want to press charge ?? simon skinner ( 0.s. ) I be simply suggest Peter be give a second chance - angel turn to see skinner distribute the steal biscuit to officer , include a curly - haire desk sergeant . skinner - before he become just another crime statistic . I be sure he 's learn a valuable lesson . fisher stealing biscuit be ... wrong ? skinner ( offer Fisher a biscuit ) correct . fisher ooh thanks . angel and yet we respond by not take a single punitive measure ? 49 . skinner that 's the way the cookie crumble . fisher heh heh . like biscuit innit ? angel Mr. Skinner - frank ( 0.s.} everything alright ? angel turn to see frank at the doorway , eat ice cream . angel Mr. Skinner feel it would be best if we do not prosecute a individual who have blatantly commit a offence . frank leave this with I boy . i’1l make sure everyone get they just dessert . int / ext . squad car in layby - day angel sit with a speed gun recording pass car , danny have he foot up and be eat some of the steal biscuit . behind be a sign read 's you be now leaving sandford 's . angel 27 . why be we on traffic ? danny dad 's probably give we a rest after all that jump over fence . angel I do not need a rest . danny there 's a amazing bit in 's Point break 's where they jump over fence . angel be there now ? 28 . danny yeah , Patrick swayze 's rob this bank and keanu reeves chase he through people 's garden and then ( more ) 50 . danny ( cont have ) keanu land really badly and break he leg off and he 's like ' aaaargh 's - angel 30 . danny " and then he go to shoot swayze , but he can not cause he love he so much and he fire up in the air and he 's go ' aaaargh 's - . angel 30 . danny have you ever fire you gun up in the air and go ' aaaarh 's . angel no , constable I have never fire my gun up in the air and go ' aaaargh 's . 30 . danny sorry , I just feel ... I just feel like I be miss out sometimes . I want to do what you do . angel you do , do what I do . what on Earth do you think you be miss out on ? danny I do not know . gun fight . car chase . proper action and shit angel proper police be not about action ... or shit . danny yeah but you get to fire a gun . how come we do not all have gun ? angel arming the entire british Police service would not necessarily lower the rate of crime . gun be not toy constable . open fire on another human be be a difficult and ( more ) 51 . angel ( cont have ) dizzying experience . 29 . if you have pay attention to I in school , you have know it 's not all about gun fight and car chase . a megane speed past they . danny and angel exchange a look . angel ( cont 's D} Fire up the roof . danny yeah ?... where be it ? angel [ U + fb02 ] ick the siren on . they peel out at speed . the megane pull over , end the chase before it begin . danny ( cont have ) that be brilliant . they walk over to the megane . the smartly dress driver wind down he window . angel can see a nervous young woman in the passenger seat . the driver hand over he license . blower be I go a tad fast , officer ? angel yes , you be Mr. blower . angel start speedily scribbling in he notebook . blower we be staging a homage to baz luhrmann 's , William Shakespeare 's Romeo and juliet tonight and I ’ma little late for the dress rehearsal . I be play the eponymous hero you see . Romeo not juliet . ( nervous chuckle ) what be you write ? angel everything you say so I can refer to it later . blower now officer , I be a respected solicitor , there 's no need to - angel continue to write . danny watch this with interest . 52 . blower ( cont 's D} stop write . I be merely try to explain why I might have exceed the speed limit - angel you be play the male lead in a production of bar luhrmann 's , William Shakespeare 's Romeo and juliet and you be late for the dress rehearsal . you think this be sufficient reason to travel at 48 in a 30 zone ? blower well , I - angel to [ U + fbo2 ] out law put in place to save life . blower this be preposterous . angel ... pre-post-er-ous . blower I have never be ... stop write ? angel ... St - op wri-t . blower look ... you be right , I apologise . angel hand he a ticket . angel payable in fourteen day . angel and danny get back into they car . angel ( cont have ) you see what I do there ? danny you hypnotise he . angel wave he pocket book in danny 's face . 53 . angel I use this ? the most important piece of police hardware . this have save my skin on many occasion . think about use yours more often . danny I do use mine . danny produce he pocketbook . angel [ U + fb02 ] ip through the page . we see a [ U + fb02 ] ick - illustration of cop shoot someone dead with red ink for blood . angel shake he head . angel this be just extraordinary . danny wait till you see the one on the other side . int . locker room / front desk - evening angel and danny stride out of the station in they civvy . danny what be you up to tonight ? angel I have to water my peace lily . danny oh okay . angel why ? danny I just think you might want to do something . angel what exactly be you think ? danny pub? angel I do not think that 's a good idea , do you ? angel glare at danny . the now straight haire desk sergeant call after he . 54 . desk sergeant oi , you two . a Mr. blower leave you ticket for Romeo and juliet tonight . Said it be by way of a apology . danny yeah ? angel well , we can not accept gift from someone we have of [ U + fb02 ] cially rebuke . danny yeah . angel calmly rip up both ticket in front of a deflate danny . angel make to leave again , just as frank enter . frank ah Nicholas . glad I catch you . wonder if you would not mind represent we at the be dram tonight . I be otherwise engage and it have be good to have a show of faith from the constabulary . angel of course , sir . frank and there 's a spare for Danny too . danny yeah ? int . auditorium - later angel 's expression be one of abject horror , Danny be asleep . on stage , blower in cod bar luhrmann , Romeo gear , complete with suit of armour , [ U + fbo2 ] oppy fringe and revolver , lean over eve draper 's juliet , who lie in state on a prop alter . he uncap a large bottle of poison , mark with a skull and cross bone and hold it aloft . blower ( romeo ) a dateless bargain to engross death . here 's to my love . 55 . he drink the poison , just as juliet awake with a exaggerated yawn . romeo and juliet look at each other in horror . eve draper ( juliet ) poison ? drunk all and not one drop to help I after ? i’1l kiss thy lip . happly some poison doth yet hang on they . they kiss . with tongue . it go on far too long . romeo go limp . juliet pick up he gun and shoot herself with a click . the stage go to black . the light come up again to reveal the whole cast perform a not knee up mother Brown 's version of the cardigan 's ' Love fool 's . the audience applaud . a relieved angel join in , danny wake up . on stage the cast take they bow . leslie tiller walk on stage with a bouquet of [ U + fbo2 ] ower . joyce cooper ( from behind angel ) she 's ever so good . int . theatre bar - later in the pack bar , danny downs a pint and angel downs a cranberry juice . a beam tim messenger sidle over . messenger sergeant angel , quick word for the sandford citizen ? angel it be very ... enjoyable . messenger " cop enjoy watch Young Lovers ? " angel I do not think so . messenger " local Bobby give thumb up to Teen suicide ? " angel that 's grossly inappropriate . 56 . skinner you will spell he name correctly this time , will not you timothy ? skinner swoops in and lead angel away from messenger . skinner ( cont have ) absolute tosh be not it ? annoyingly , the understudy be actually professional actor . greg be a extra in straw dog and sheree portray a cadaver in Prime suspect - skinner nod to a older courle who wave back at he . a still make up martin blower and he female lead rush over . blower sergeant angel , you come ? I be so thrilled you accept my invitation . angel we Inspector request we attend . danny yes , we can not accept gift from someone we have officially rebuke so ... ( blow raspberry ) ...j og on . angel well , congratulation anyway to you and Mrs. blower . blower oh , this be not my wife . skinner yes , where be edna , Martin ? blower she 's at home with the dog . this be miss draper , my lead lady . skinner be not she just ? Eve work for the council , sergeant . quite the lady in the know . eve draper snort a alarmingly high pitch laugh . 57 . eve oh I be not . skinner nonsense . I be sure if we bashed you head in , all sort of secret would come tumble out . eve let out another snort . GEORGE merchant approach . merchant Romeo , Romeo , a pint of bitter for Romeo ? blower yes please George and thank you for come ! merchant a pleasure my liege . angel spot the blonde schoolkid from he school talk , in the other room , sip Coke and stare at he . danny Eve 's nice be not she ? angel she have a ... distinctive laugh . danny she be in my year at school . always have a thing for she . angel well , she obviously have a thing for older man . danny what with blower ?! no way ! angel we just sit through three hour of so-called act tonight constable , they kiss be the only convincing moment in it . danny now you mention it , I too have reason to believe she favour the older go . 58 . angel really ? how so ? danny Marcus Carter 's big brother say he finger she up the duck pond . angel spit out he cranberry juice . ext . sandford playhouse - night theatregoer spill out onto the street as blower close up . blower officer , again let I extend my sincere apology for earlier . angel good night Mr. blower . drive safe . angel and danny turn away and walk home . danny chuckle . danny " drive safe " . you get he then . ( pause ) you know that 's the bloke we do for speed earlier . angel I know and hopefully that 's the last we will see of he . angel smile . be and danny walk off , revealing - a figure swathed in a black cloak . we can not see its face . it dart into the alley behind the playhouse building ! in flashcut we see a axe blade glint ... a door pane smash ... a glove hand find the door handle ... int . dressing room - continuous martin blower rip the foil from a bottle of champagne . there 's a knock at the door . blower coo back . blower who be it ? the door open ... it 's eve draper ... blower grin ... 59 . blower ( cont have ) we have not get long . eve grin ... a champagne cork pop ... bubbly foam ... eve to we ? there 's another knock at the door . blower shout , worried . blower who be it ? blower inches the door OPEN ... a axe smashes down into blower 's neck ... the champagne drop ... eve scream ... int . swan HOTEL bedroom - early morning a call button [ U + fbo2 ] ash red in the darkness ... angel pick up . angel decaffeinate ? ext . layby - morning two decapitate head lie surround by piece of metal . fisher Little Brian Libby find they , out on he paper round . he 'il be have nightmare for a while . fisher address angel , danny , thatcher and WALKER . behind be a blood splatter 's you be now leaving sandford 's sign . fisher ( cont have ) must have hit the sign at some speed . take the whole top off . doris thatcher I have have my top off in this layby . fisher point to where blower ’ss megane have come to a violent stop . the top half of the car have be shave off . fisher most likely lose control , leave the road here and end up there ... soooo , what do you think we should do ? sergeant angel ? 60 . angel we should cordon off the area , screen the remain from public view and close off the road until the ambulance arrive , whereupon we should open a single lane of traffic to ease congestion . fisher very good . what he say . flashcut ; a cordon unfurl , tent erect , cone set out . angel and danny wave on the morning traffic past the crash site . jame reaper lean out of he 4x4 . reaper what 's happen Danny ? danny car accident . reaper nasty way to go . angel wainwright constable , official vocab state such incident be now refer to as ' collision 's , not ' car accident 's - a red mg slow to a stop . skinner lean out of the window . skinner for never be there a story of more woe . than this of juliet and she Romeo . angel I be sorry ? skinner Martin and Eve . such a tragedy . skinner go to pull off . angel stand in front of he ear . angel Mr Skinner , could you tell I how you know the identity of the person involved ? 61 . skinner of course . when I do not get my citizen deliver this morning , I ring annette roper to enquire after young Brian . you know how it be , news travel fast . skinner pull away fast . angel watch he mg go and make a note of the personalise numberplate 's ss1 's . behind amanda paver pull up on she bicycle and talk to danny . amanda paver what 's happen , Danny ? danny a traffic collision ... why can not we say ' accident 's again ? angel because ' accident 's imply there 's no one to blame . int . station /c.1.d. office - day wainwright what about he ? oh , put a sock in it town mouse ! cartwright yeah , you want to be a big cop ina small town , bugger off up the model village . the ande sit in they office eat ice-cream . danny enter with another bowl , which angel decline . angel I be just say , thing be not always simple as they look . wainwright but most time they be . let 's wait until er. hatchet come back with something , before you go jump the kalashnikov . angel well , in the meantime , why not start by check out some of Martin blower 's client ? 62 . wainwright Martin blower represent damn near most of the village . you want we to go through the whole phone book ? cartwright yeah , we 'il put a call into Aaron A. aarronson shall we ? angel please do not be childish . at least think about interview the widow ? Mr blower be clearly have a affair with Eve draper . wainwright and how do you establish that ? danny slam he [ U + fb02]st on the table . angel jump . danny we sit through three hour of so-called act last night . the kiss be the only convincing moment in it . danny [ U + fbo2 ] ash a grin at a bemuse angel . wainwright alright , pipe down . cartwright yeah , what else you get , tango and hutch ? angel Simon Skinner . wainwright what about he ? angel he be act suspiciously at the collision scene . cartwright he run the local supermarket . wainwright anything else ? 63 . angel skid mark . wainwright now who 's be childish ? angel there be no skid mark at the scene . do not you think it 's a little strange that Mr. blower would lose control of the car and not think to apply he brake ? for the [ U + fbo2 ] rst time , the ande do not have a answer . angel ( cont have ) if there be no skid mark it follow that for three hundred yard the driver and the passenger make no attempt to prevent they fate . you do not have to be a detective to work that out . danny yeah ! frank pop into the office . he 's also eat ice cream . frank you cause trouble ? angel I be talk to the ' detective 's about the ' accident 's . danny " yeah 's . frank dreadful business . you free ? wainwright & cartwright yes they be . frank good . get a spot of bother up at ellroy farm . Old Arthur webley 's be clipping hedgerow that do not belong to he . angel yes sir ? 64 . frank that 's it . angel yes sir . wainwright you want grass root . int . squad car - day danny drive a piss off angel up a dirt road . p.c. bob WALKER be in the back . saxon drool on angel shoulder . angel why do we use the dog ? danny it 's not the dog we need . ext . farmhquse - day a White haire do farmer , arthur webley stand at he door with a shotgun break over he arm . webley hedgizuhedgeinnit. loonlychopped etdowwnoozicoutn’tseethe View nomore . wasshemoaninabout ? angel right. ( to Danny and Walker ) what do he say ? PC WALKER eessad . a hedgeisahedge innit . nee onlychoppedet dowwn cozee cu not see t’voo nomore . whas he moanin’ about ? angel right. ( to Danny ) what do he say ? danny he say a hedge be a hedge . he only chop it down because it spoil he view . what 's reaper moan about ? 65 . angel right . that 's not the point Mr. webley . webley Whystoyalwaspiokinawnmeanywaiz. iznotthewanrunninabowtallhowersofthenight . themhloodyoods . PC WALKER eesad . why you pickin onhem . ees nart the want runnnin abowt all hour like they bloody hood . angel they bloody who ? danny hoods . angel what do he mean by that ? danny probably they kid . angel Mr. webley , I appreciate you position but you can not go around cut down other people 's hedge without permission . webley yarghspose . PC WALKER not yargh he suppose 's . danny ' yeah I suppose 's . angel thank you danny / WALKER / webley s’alroight . angel ( point at shotgun ) oh and Mr. webley , I trust you have a license for that ? 66 . webley oharrghldozfortheesun . PC WALKER ' ido for theesun’ . danny he do for this one . angel what do you mean by ' this one ’? angel and danny peer in as webley open the door to a huge outbuild . the daylight illuminate ... a enormous arsenal of antique firearm ; rifle , shotguns , pistol , blunderbuss . it 's a museum of firepower . danny by the power of grey Skull ! angel where on Earth do you get this ? webley danny foundum . found ‘em . angel ( cont have ) and what be that ? angel point to a enormous spiky sphere in the corner . danny webley Sea mine . seemoine . angel ( cont have ) well Mr. webley , this be a extremely dangerous collection . it 's a wonder nobody 's be hurt before . webley naaarrrgh . iss jussaloodajunk . webley strike the sea mine with he walk stick . angel and danny 's face go white . there be a resounding clang ... 67 . ext . farm - day angel , danny and weeley come burst out of the shed . they run in heroic slow motion towards a nearby hedge . all three dive over the hedge and land with a enormous crunch . second pass ... nothing ... angel and danny stand . they peer over the hedge . more second pass ... nothing . int / ext . squad car / farm - day angel be sit in the squad car on the radio . behind , webley and danny stand with the sea mine . angel apparently it 's deactivate . webley ( hit the seamine ) thassroit . deeaaktiyade . angel yes , it 's not live . danny ( kick seamine ) look live . int . station - day flashcut ; angel and danny march in with armful of gun , the curly haire desk sergeant tag they , the evidence room be fill ( with the sea mine be store on a high shelf} . angel that be a quite a impressive haul today , constable butterman . danny maybe we should do something to celebrate ... unless you have to water you peace lily . angel what be you think exactly ? 68 . int . the crown " night the pub be heaving with a huge cross section of people ; neighbourhood watch , off duty police , even frank . mary porter right you be my love . roy porter yes sir , what can I get you ? danny pint of lager , please Roy . and what can I get you that be not a cranberry juice ? angel I do not really want to get drunk . danny you can get a little drunk . angel okay I 'il have one . danny that 's what I be talk about ! angel what 's you wine selection ? RUY porter oh , we have get red ... or white . angel pint of lager , please Roy . danny yeaaaah Roy . angel spy the ande at the bar and wander over . angel any development from this morning ? wainwright yeah , CSI find nothing , Dr. hatcher report no misadventure , Mrs. blower have four alibis . angel and Skinner ? angel and 69 . cartwright he run the local supermarket . fisher come on sergeant , it 's not you job to investigate this incident be it ? be it ? wainwright and cartwriget no it be not . danny sit down . angel scribbles in he notebook . danny you do not switch off do you ? angel you sound like my ex . danny why , do she have a deep voice ? angel no , she always use to accuse I of not be able to switch off . danny well you be always think away . angel it 's what I do . danny no , no I think it 's amazing . I mean what make you want to hea policeman - angel Officer - danny what make you want to bea policeman-officer ? angel I can not remember a time when I do not want to he a police officer apart from the summer of 1979 when I want to be Kermit the frog . it all start with my uncle derek . he be a sergeant in the Net . gave I a police pedal car when I be five . I ride it around every moment I be ( more ) 70 . angel ( cont have ) awake , arrest kid twice my size for littering and spitting . I get beat up a lot but it do not stop I . I want to be like uncle derek . danny sound like a good bloke . angel actually , he be jaile for sell drug to student . danny what a cunt . angel he most likely buy the pedal car with the proceed . needless to say I never go near it again . I let it rust . but I never forget that clear sense of right and wrong I feel at the wheel of that pedal car and I refuse to accept that corruption be the inevitable consequence of authority . I have to prove to myself that the law could be proper and righteous and for the good of humankind . I know then , I be destine to be a police officer . danny shame . angel how so ? danny I think you would have make a great muppet . angel laugh . it 's the first time we have see he do this . angel so , what make you want to be a police officer ? danny dad do it ... I think after mum die , it 's what he want . keep I close by . 71 . angel do you mind if I ask how she die ? danny traffic collision . angel I be sorry . danny aw , do not worry ... watch this . danny stick a fork in he eye , scarlet squirt everywhere . angel Jesus Christ ? danny ta-daaaa ! danny reveal a tomato ketchup sachet . angel laugh . danny ( cont have ) get ‘em in silly bollock ... flash cut . the night wear on . the glass on the table multiply . danny and angel be both tipsy and enjoy each other 's company . danny beat angel at bar skittles . later . angel find he way to the bar . he see a beam simon skinner sit at the bar with another gentleman . skinner ah , 777 . do join we . you have meet George merchant have not you ? GEORGE merchant be drunk and morose . angel sit at the bar . mrchant good evening offisher ... skinner we be just talk about the accident . dreadful business . mrchant I have come to know Martin and Eve very well of late . such a losssh . skinner what say we drink to they demise ? 72 . angel be not it drink to they memory ? skinner of course . cheer . GEORGE merchant I mussh go to the little boyssh room . merchant get off he stool . he be remarkably short . skinner Little be the operative word . he 'il be in bit tomerrow . skinner move off . angel watch he go , swivelling on he stool . it 's a cool mement . until angel slip off he seat . frank think somebedy need to go home . angel I be not that drunk sir . frank Net yen . him . frank point to GEORGE merchant who stand in the corner , with he nob out , pissing into the coin tray of a fruit machine . ext . STREET - night angel and danny carry GEORGE merchant along the street . he be unconscious , he foot not touch the ground . danny hey , we do get a little drunk . geddit ? it 's funny ' cos he 's little . angel spy the hoodies huddle round a village map . he gesture for danny the be quiet and sneak ever . angel even all . the hoodies spin around and freeze . a freshly spray grefitti tag be en the village map . angel hold out he hand . 73 . angel ( cont have ) give it here . a spray can sail past angel 's head and hit GEORGE merchant full in the face . he and danny fall to the [ U + fbo2]eor . the hoodies scatter . angel steam over , grab hoodie 1 and pull he back into a neerby bin . angel grab hoodie 2 and spin he round , pull the hood off he face . angel find himself face to face with the blonde schoolkid . hoodie 1 meanwhile , clamber out of the bin and run off . a throw angel look on , as the blonde schoolkid [ U + fb02 ] ip he hood back up and run off . danny let they go . they 'il come round again . angel and danny pick merchant up and carry he eff . angel we know where he house be right ? danny oh yes . ext . STREET - night danny stop , look up at the monstreus piece ef architecture . angel gcod grief . danny six mohth ago , that be a pear orcherd . angel I want to throw up , but I fear it may add value . merchant be suddenly awake . his eye glaze . merchant jussst here . how much do I owe youss ? 74 . danny twenty quid . merchant give danny £ 20 guy . angel give it back . angel thank you and here 's you change . merchant buh-bye . merchant disappear inside . angel and danny walk away . angel I would not want to be he in the morning . they walk out of shot , revealing ... a cloak figure ! ext . GEORGE nerchant 's house - night a light [ U + fb02 ] ick on . we see GEORGE merchant stumbling around he hall . we also the cloak figure watch , wait ... ext . danny 's house - night danny and angel arrive at danny 's front door . danny well , this be I . angel I shall see you in the morning . danny unless you wanna come in for a coffee ? angel I do not drink coffee . danny tea ? angel no , no caffeine after midday . danny how about another beer ? 75 . int . kitchen - night a fridge open ... we see a number of bottled beer ... GEORGE merchant grab a beer and swig it as he stagger to the toilet . outside the cloak figure watch . merchant put he beer on the cistern and have a piss ... he [ U + fbo2 ] ush , zip up and retrieve he beer from the cistern . as he stand back up , behind he we see ... the cloak eiguee . who strike he with a cudgel . bang ! int . danny 's house - night angel drop down onto danny 's sofa and survey the untidy room . danny appear to be live out of cardboard box . angel when do you move in ? danny enter from the kitchen with two can of beer . danny about five year ago . angel you should get some pot plant . danny oh yeah ? angel yes , I have be tend my peace lily for three year now . NASA rate it as one of top ten air clean plant . it oxygenate the room , it help I think , it relieve stress . its need be simple . janine say I love my lily more than she . danny be that why you split up ? angel what ? danny cos 's you dunnit with a plant . 76 . angel no , it be more about be obsessed with the job . danny but , that 's good though innit ? angel I do not know , I do miss a few dinner , party , a birthday or two - danny well I mean - angel - she dad 's funeral . I just want to be good at what I do . danny you be good at what you do . you have just get to learn to switch off that big melon . angel you know Danny , I do not know how . danny I x11 show you how . danny open a cupboard that be stack full of alphabetize vhs tape . it 's the most order area of the entire ( u+ fbo2 ]at . angel by the power of greyskull . danny carefully select two tape . danny Point break or bad boy 2 ? angel which one do you think I ’1l1 prefer ? danny no , I mean which one do you wanna watch first ? angel you be pull my leg ? 77 . int . gedrge merchant kitchen - night merchant be drag by he foot and dumped into a kitchen chair ... glove hand empty bean into a pan ... Bacon be fry ... Gas tap be turn on full ... Gas hiss ... int . danny 's hguse - night static hiss as the video [ U + fbo2 ] icker to life . danny this film be a-mazing ! angel so , what 's it actually about ? danny a FBI agent who go under cover to infiltrate a gang of wild wave riding , sky diving , bank robber but fall in love with the surfing lifestyle and the leader 's girlfriend and end up have to make some very tough choice . angel so it 's base on a true story ? danny now that I do not know . angel no I just mean , it sound a little far fetch . danny well , it 's a film innit ? int . GEORGE merchant 's house - night hiss ... glove hand light a candle in the live room . hiss ... meechant lie motionless in the chair .... hiss ... int . danny 's house - night danny and angel be on the sofa . ' Point break 's end . danny whaddya think ? 78 . angel well , I will not argue that it 's a no hold bar , adrenaline fuelle thrill ride but there 's no way you could perpetrate that amount of carnage and mayhem without incur a considerable amount of paperwork . danny that 's nothing man . this be about to go off ! ext . gedrge merchant 's house - night ka - boooooom . merghant 's [ U + fb02 ] aming body [ U + fb02 ] ies through the air . int . danny 's house - early morning danny 's head rest on angel as they sleep on the sofa . daylight fill the room as 's bad boy 2 's blare from the tv . martin lawrence this shit just get real ! the phone ring . they open they eye at the same time . ext . gedrge merchant 's house - morning dr . hatcher nasty way to go . the sandford Police survey the smoking black husk of merchant 's house . his twisted and burnt cadaver be cover up by dr . hatcher . paramedics carry he off on a gurney . dr . hatcher ( cont ’d ) seem Mr. merchant try to have a little fry up and leave the gas on . they say you should not eat late at night . doris thatcher I dunno . I like a little midnight gobble . thatcher and WALKER laugh at this . WALKER mumble ' cock '. 79 . fisher so what do we reckon ? angel ? fisher look to a spectacularly groggy angel and danny . angel yes ? fisher help I . angel we should set up a proper cordon , keep people back , let the fire crew finish and get the forensics to do a thorough sweep . fisher right . what he say . angel spot a crew of workmen on the periphery , wait to clear the scene . tim messenger appear , notebook in hand . messenger sergeant , a guick word ? angel Mr. Messenger , please . a statement will be issue shortly . mssenger actually I just want to find out , ' what 's you perfect Sunday 's ? fisher I x11 deal with the press sergeant . now , my perfect Sunday would begin fisher lead messenger away . angel see simon skinner amongst a crowd of onlooker . skinner wave ' hello 's . wainweight what you think ? foul play ? angel maybe . wainwright we be just wait to speak to the last people to see Mr merchant alive , namely sergeant knickerless asswipe and constable fanny butterdog . the ande 80 . danny that 's we . collapse with into snigger . angel why be this such a big joke to you ? Three people have die in less than a week . wainwright oh come on Dr. sherlock , they be accident . cartwright people have accident everyday . wainwright ron Spencer get he cravat catch in the mulcher the other week . angel but the victim know each other . cartwright everyone know everyone round ' ere . wainweight yeah . if you do not see anything suspicious , then who do ? int . statiqn / cctv office - day tom weaver spool through footage on he cctv monitor . angel , danny , frank and the ande look on . weaver bit of a blind spot I be afraid . we be not that well cover around George merchant 's . we only get the very edge of the explosion . frank nasty way to go . weaver one thing that do catch my eye . angel what 's that ? 81 . weaver you stick it to this herbert ! weaver show a replay of the drunken hoodie fight and whoops with delight . the ande snigger . angel fume . angel this be irrelevant . weaver I beg to differ . it 's the close we have come to nabbing the bastard . angel Mr. weaver , let 's concentrate - weaver pause the tape on a blurred shot of the blonde kid . weaver do you get a good look at this little mischief ? what do he - angel forget that , just keep look for anything out of the ordinary in the immediate area of Mr merchant 's residence . make a note of any car registration spot in the vicinity . in partieular , look out for a Red mg , license 's ss1 's . frank Nicholas . angel yes sir ? frank can I have a mo ? int . corridor - day frank you have get to ease off on this Skinner allegation . he 's the manager of the local supermarket . angel with respect sir - 82 . frank listen , you be a exceptional officer , truly exceptional , but you do have to let the ande do they job . if there 's anything amiss , we 'il hear soon enough . until then we have to regard this incident as accident . angel yes sir . frank good boy . frank leave . angel look up to the photo on the wall . it be of a officer with a big bushy beard ; ' sgt , popwell 's . weaver ( 0.s. ) sergeant angel , I think I have find what you be look for . angel run excitedly over to weaver 's office . the ande follow suit , as do danny and frank . they see cctv footage of the swan waddling past merchant 's house . wainwright ah , there you go . it be the swan all along . angel this be not funny detective ! cartwright oh give over miss marples . wainwright let we do we job and you do yours . cartwright yeah , have not you get a church fote to look after ? angel no , I have not ! frank actually . 83. ext . church fete - day male voice ( 0.s. ) Lovely day for it sergeant ? a bored angel patrol at a bustling fote . we see impressive [ U + fbo2 ] oral display and banner read 's save the church rgqe 's and promote sandford for 's village of the year 's . rev . shoqter sidle up to angel with a tray of drink . rev . shooter sergeant angel , would you theological reservation preclude you from assist I with the raf [ U + fb02 ] e this afternoon ? there 's a glass of Joyce Cooper 's lemonade in it for you . angel take a glass and downs it , to shooter 's delight . rev . shooter ( cont ’d ) marvellous . angel slump into a nearby chair and survey the fote . he see a child messily eat a ice lolly . he look up to see the father , sgt . fisher do the same . he see doris thatcher stand with two burly man , giggle at a pig be spit roast . he see WALKER feed candy [ U + fbo2 ] oss to saxon . bong . a bell ring as lurch play a 's test you strength 's game . skinner lurk nearby , man a 's bash the rat 's stall and stare into the distance . Thunder rumble . angel follow he gaze over to tim messenger have a animated discussion with leslie tiller , the [ u+fbo2]orist ... cartwright ( 0.s. ) shark ? angel jump . the ande appear , clutching can of cider . wainwright see any murdering nicholarse ? frank and danny approach dress in wild west gear . frank come on now boy . leave sergeant angel alone , he 's work . 84. wainwright sorry Chief , will not waste anymore police time . the ande slope off , swigging they cider . frank actually Nicholas . you may as well have a break . danny great . I have get something to show you . angel follow danny through the crowd until they come to a stop at a AIR rifle range , run by a smile dr . hatcher . angel this be a ri[ U + fbo2 ] e range . danny you 'il be really good at it . hatcher Three can win you a squeaky bunny , five get you a [ U + fb02 ] oppy lion . take out all the little people , you get to waltz off with the cuddly monkey . angel I think I make it clear to you how I feel about gun . danny it 's only a air rilU+ fbo2]e . angel no Danny . danny it be for a cuddly monkey . angel grudgingly take a air rifle . danny smile expectantly . angel fire , hit every can dead centre with amazing speed . he lower the rifle , feel excited and unclean at once . the ande watch , swigging they cider . dr . hatcher good lord . angel hand the rilU + fb02 ] e to a awed danny , who inspect it . 85 . danny fuck I ... that be - danny accidentally pull the trigger . we hear a agonize yelp . DR. hatcher drop on the [ U + fb02 ] oor clutching he leg . ext . fete - day angel and danny walk away from the stall : angel clutching the cuddly monkey , danny in shock . behind a Saint John 's ambulance team attend to dr . hatcher , who 's in some pain . danny I can not believe I shot someone . angel he 's a doctor , he can deal with it . danny but I have never shot anyone before . angel believe I constable . it 's not something you ever get use to . danny yeah . maybe we should go on the bouncy castle . take we mind off it . angel spy skinner talk heatedly with tim mssenger . danny ( cont have ) what be it ? Thunder rumble . before angel can answer , a young boy run right into he . we see that it be the blonde school kid . he and angel lock eye . the boy look terrify . weaver watch where you be go . angel turn to see the grandfather . weaver ( cont have ) I do apologise for my grandson . stand up straight Gabriel , this be sergeant angel . angel I have meet Gabriel before actually . 86 . weaver oh , have you ? gabriel look extremely anxious . his eye go wide . angel yes . I give a talk at the school , do not I Gabriel ? gabriel yeah . angel maybe we 'il get a chance to have another little chat sometime . weaver I be sure Gabriel would love that . angel you have a good afternoon . weaver and gabriel walk off . gabriel look back at angel he expression of confusion and relief . danny what be that about ? before angel can answer ... a breathless tim messenger appear , slamm into angel . messenger tim messenger sergeant angel , I need to talk to you about George merchant . alone . it might be less conspicuous if you do not bring the monkey . angel this man be a police officer , I have thank you to treat he with more respect . tim mssenger I be talk about that . nod to angel 's giant cuddly monkey . angel oh . tim messenger the churchyard . ten minute . angel watch messenger scurry off , pass simon skinner . 87 . skinner bash the rat ? rev . shooter ( tannoy ) could we have sergeant angel to the stage please ? angel give the cuddly monkey to danny and walk off . ext . fete - day a distract angel take to a makeshift stage where the rev . shooter stand with a tombola and a microphone . rev . shooter here to announce the winner be the newest addition to the sandford Police Force - angel ( under breath} Police service . rev . shooter - sergeant Nicholas angel . angel hello . a buzz of feedback from the mic . angel eye the clock . it 's 3 pm . the tombola spin ... ... messenger wait in the churchyard , look at he watch . ... angel pick a name from the tombola . angel ( cont have ) the [ U + fb02 ] rst name be Simon Skinner . annette roper he 's in the loo ! rev . shooter too much of Joyce 's lemonade perhaps . laughter from the crowd . Thunder rumble ... ... we see a black glgeed hand on a church door handle ... ... the tombola spin . angel look at the clock ... ... we see black eoot race up belfry step ... 88 . ... messenger still wait . sweat form on he brow ... ... angel pick another name . angel Tim Messenger . rev . shooter Tim , you number 's up . there 's much hub-bub . Thunder rumble . closer this time . angel look in the crowd frantically ... . unseen a cloak eigure step onto the church roof ... . angel jump down off the makeshift stage . . elack glove hand push on a loose turret stone . . tim messenger stand directly below ... . angel stride through the crowd ... ... the glove hand press on the turret . the stone crack ... ... angel break into a run . he reach the churchyard ... ... the stone break away from the roof and fall down . ... angel run in the churchyard , see tim mssenger - splat . the tip of the stone crush messenger 's head ! angel jerk back in horror . tim messenger now look utterly surreal , with a upside down cone where he head should be . the off duty police arrive on the scene , along with many of the nwa . simon skinner run over from a chemical toilet . frank keep back . there 's be a terrible accident ! there 's much hub -bub and murmur of the word ' accident 's from the crowd . fisher step in , not have see the body . fisher what accident ? ( he see it ) oh right . angel grimace , look to the church roof and race off . 89 . ext . church step / roof - continuous angel run up the church step to the roof . he [ U + fb02 ] ing the door open and peer out . there 's no - one there . he come back down to find all the off duty police wait at the door , along with a troubled rev . shooter . frank Nicholas , what be it ? angel Sir , I think all this death be link . Tim Messenger be murder . rev . shooter who could do something like this ? wainnright maybe it be the swan . cartwright apparently they can break a man 's arm . wainwright or blow up a man 's house . angel look - frank whoa there Nicholas . let I get this straight . be you say this be a crime scene ? angel yes sir , I be . frank very well . detective , start interview everyone who be at the fote . sgt Fisher , secure the area , PC thatcher , get the CSI down here . PC Walker patrol the churchyard with saxon . Nicholas , Danny ... you know what to do . 90 . ext . churchyard - nigrt angel and danny sit in the rain at the crime scene . danny still wear he cowboy outfit and clutches the monkey . danny do you really think this be murder ? angel I just do not think we should rule it out . danny PC WALKER the ande yeah . I think you be right . pass with saxon . WALKER ifinkyertarkinaloodashitt . danny he think you be talk a load of shit . swing and roundabouts innit ? wander past . angel and danny get up and approach . angel do you find anything ? wainwright yes I be extremely shocked when I look at my watch and discover the pub be shut . angel what about he house ? have you check he office ? read he article ? cartwright if you want to wade through every copy of the sandford bloody citizen , be we guest . angel it 's you job be not it ? detect ! wainwright this be not the city , mister angel . not everyone 's a murdering psychopath . High time you realise that . you and you monkey . the ande monkey . a furious 91 . walk off into the night . danny hold up the cuddly danny do he mean I or that ? angel put he head in he hand . danny ( cont have ) maybe we should go home . angel what do you mean ? danny well , there 's nothing go on be there ? angel have you listen to anything I have say constable ? danny what do you mean ? angel have anything I have tell you in the last few week get through that thick skull of yours ? danny yeah ... angel oh really ? danny you say I could be a amazing policeman officer . angel there 's always something go on Danny and you x11 never be a amazing police officer until you understand that . danny I remember something else you say . angel and what be that ? 92 . danny you do not know how to switch off . angel stalk back to he stool and again guard the cordon . he sit alone in the rain , soaking to the skin . int . swan HOTEL corridor / bedroom - night angel approach he door . he unlock it and enter . on the bed be the sodden cuddly monkey and a card read - ' this be leave for you at reception . regards Joyce 's angel slump into a chair , pick up the phone and dial - inspector ( v.0 . ) I be out of the office at present ... angel spy the sandford citizen feature he on the cover . he see the byline 's word and picture by Tim Messenger 's . angel hang up and [ U + fb02 ] ick through the paper , past mundane storey ; '' bypass still unannounce 's , 's sandford family tree 's . he stop at a feature entitle ' sandford people 's with a accompany photo of George merchant . a quote read " this be just the beginning ; I have big plan for sandford " . angel look inspire . he grab he pen and notebook . ext / int . lierary - morning angel sit at a table surround by archive volume of the sandford citizen . he [ U + fb02 ] ip through the page at speed . we see flashcut of angel scour article , photocopy relevant page , highlight crucial sentence and even correct the odd typo . it 's a blizzard of information . we see angel highlight a sentence read 's Mr. G. merchant have apply for plan permission ...’ we see another headline , 's George of the jungle : merchant buy scrubland 's . we see a photo of martin blower outside the sandford playhouse . the headline read 's from bar to verse : solicitor finance Drama sociecy 's . the page [ U + fb02 ] ip faster , the word start to blur . there have never be a more exciting scene in film history . 93 . int . station - morning a glum danny sit at a desk . angel enter . danny do not look up . angel struggle with a guilty greeting . angel Morning constable . danny alright ? angel thanks for the monkey . danny it 's yours . angel yeah but I win it for you . ( smile apologetically ) Danny , I think I be on to something . danny be you ? angel I think with a little bit of deliberation we can figure out what link this death . angel slap a thick bundle of photocopy on the table . danny we ? angel I can not do this by myself Danny . danny look touch . the ande breeze past they desk . wainwright Morning bender . cartwright what you up to ? danny nothing . the ande leave . angel smile at danny . 94 . angel come on partner , let go to work . fisher poke he head out of he office , a note in hand . fisher sergeant angel . someone from London ring for you . angel tell they I x11 ring ’em back . ext . high STREET - day danny and angel walk they beat , stride in perfect time . angel Tim Messenger . danny go. angel editor and journalist for the sandford citizen . danny uh-huh . angel fondness for pun . danny go on . angel terrible speller . danny oh yeah ? angel rut nevertheless have uncover important information about ... int / ext . squad car - day angel and danny neglect they speed gun duty . 95 . danny George merchant . angel self make millionaire . danny ch-ch . angel fancied himself as a property developer . danny uh-huh . angel have big plan for sandford . danny piss on the [ U + fb02 ] oor in the Crown . angel but more importantly , be a good friend and client of ... int / ext . STREET - day angel and danny walk the beat again . angel Martin blower . danny affirmatron . angel respected solicitor and lead light of the local drama society . danny bad actor . angel undoubtedly . danny bad driver . 96 . angel not necessarily . danny cheated on he missus . angel most certainly and we both know who with ? ext . squad car - day angel and danny drive back to the sation . danny Eve draper . angel blower 's lead lady . danny ( whistles ) angel distinctive laugh . danny oh yes . angel like older man . danny fingered . angel but crucially , where do she work ? danny Council . angel specifically ? danny the department of plan and development . angel where George merchant have secure permission to build he dubious mansion on norris Avenue . 97 . danny so ... int . station - evening back in the office , the energy [ U + fbo2 ] ag . danny have he head on angel the table , angel [ U + fb02 ] ick endlessly through he note . danny Tim Messenger be onto something about George merchant who be into something with Martin blower who be up to something with Eve draper . angel and Simon Skinner have something to do with it all . danny but he run the local supermarket . angel so ? danny I do not know , I mean , maybe it be all accident . people have accident everyday . Gary Butcher drown in he own septic tank the other week . angel put he head on the table too . frank swing by . frank what be you two up to ? angel nothing . frank well , look sharp . there 's be report of a fire in the station . angel what ?! doris produce a cake with a single candle stick in it . the other officer gather round , sing ' happy birthday 's . angel then notice card and banner that have clearly be there the whole day . all read ' happy birthday Danny '. 98 . angel ( cont have ) you should have say something . danny we be work be not we ? angel be ashamed of himself . he slink away to the door . danny ( cont have ) where you go ? angel personal errand . ext . station - evening the squad car race along a street , light [ U + fbo2 ] ashing . ext . florist / nursery - evening angel pull up outside 's mourn as leslie 's and put he notebook emphatically on the dashboard . angel arrive at the door as leslie tiller be shutting up . angel oh miss tiller , I be wonder , have you get any peace lily ? leslie tiller of course . I be just about to pop off actually . int . florist / nursery - evening leslie tiller cut wrapping paper with large garden shear . leslie tiller I can never find my scissors . be this for someone special ? angel yes . yes it be . angel spy pack crate and box on the [ U + fbo2 ] oor . angel ( cont have ) be you go somewhere miss tiller ? 99 . leslie tiller no . well , yes . I be move away . it 's all a bit out of the blue . I be plan to disappear quietly actually . I do so hate goodby . angel and why the move , if you do not mind I ask ? leslie tiller well , just between you and I ... leslie tiller seem a little edgy . angel be intrigue . angel yes ? leslie tiller you know that fella who blow up ? angel George merchant . leslie tiller that 's he , well George merchant - god rest he - he want to buy this land , so he send round he legal fella Martin blower - god rest he - I think I might take they up on it , because I have be think about move for some time , I have not really get that much family round here , save for cousin sissy . and while the " Village of the Year 's stuff be great and everything , I do not really see anything from it , so I think I might take they up on the offer and move to buford Abbey . would you like a card with this ? angel no , it 's okay . you be say about the offer ? leslie tiller well , it turn out that Martin blower - god rest he - know where the new bypass road be go because he be knock off Eve draper from the council - god rest she - then that reporter - god rest ( more ) 100 . leslie tiller ( cont would ) he - find out about the route and tell I the land 's very valuable , ten time what George merchant and Martin blower - god rest they - offer I . so with they have pass on and I still own the land , I decide to sell it on myself to some folk from the city that Martin , George and Eve - god rest the lot of they - have be talk to , apparently they want to build a big shopping centre or something , of course cousin sissy will not be too happy about that , but as far as I be concerned - angel pat he pocket for he note book . angel would you excuse I for one second ? leslie tillee of course . ext . florist / nursery - night angel leave the [ u+ fbo2 ]orist . he run back to the car to get he pocketbook . in the background we can see leslie tiller wrapping the [ U + fbo2 ] ower - but we can also see - the cloak figure slip in from the back room of the shop , grab the shear and plunge they into leslie tiller 's throat . blood spurt all over the counter and front window . angel turn back to see ... tiller dead . shear in she neck . the blood . a shadow disappear into the stock room ... angel stop . in the name of the law ! angel run towards the [ U + fb02 ] jorist , throw he trunoheon at the window . it shatter a second before he jump through . int / ext . florist / nursery - night angel run into the stock room , to see the cloak figure run through the aisle of the stock room . he give chase . smash . the cloak figure jump through a greenhouse window , catch they leg on the frame . 101 . angel be almost on top of he and jump through the newly smashed window . landing , he look up to see the figure now a good 50 metre ahead , run towards a greenhouse and knock garden furniture in its wake . angel sprint off again , burst into the greenhouse and gain on the cloak eiguee . both knock plant asunder . the cloak eigure slice through a mesh door with a knife and disappear over a hedge at the nursery perimeter . angel reach the final hedge to find the cloak figure , now 100 metre away , sprinting across a cricket pitch . a breathless angel stand at the hedge , confuse and amaze . ext . florist / nursery - night back at the [ u+ fbo2 ] orist . angel and fisher stare at leslie tiller who lie dead , shear protrude from she neck . fisher hang about , hang about . you be say this be not a accident ? int . station - night angel leslie tiller be murdered ! the assemble officer look at angel as if he be insane . cartwright what just like Tim Messenger ? angel yes ! wainwright and George merchant ? angel yes ! cartwright and Eve draper ? angel scrawl on a piece of paper the word ' yes '. 102 . angel yes ! wainwright and Martin blower ? angel no , actually . wainwright really ? cartwright really ? angel course he fucking be ! danny pop a coin in the swearbox . angel ( cont have ) thank you Danny . wainwright oh murder . murder . murder . Change the fuck record . cartwright pop a coin in the swearbox for wainwright . wainwright ( cont have ) thank you Andy . fisher yes come on sergeant , you have get to accept that it be another terrible accident . angel be you suggest Leslie tiller somehow trip and fall on she own shear ? fisher Ben fletcher fall on he pitchfork the other week . doris thatcher people have accident everyday . what make you think it be murder ? angel because I be there . 103 . cartwright yeah , that 's a point . why be you there ? angel I be buy a japanese peace lily for constable butterman 's birthday . wainwright what absolute horseshit . angel look , I chase a suspect from the scene . innocent people do not run . fisher it might have be we old friend the cactus thief again . doris thatcher yeah , he be a prickly customer . everyone laugh . angel crumple against the nonsense . angel be I go completely mad ? wainwright maybe you be ? caeiwright ieah , maybe you kill she , see as you be such a big fan of murder . angel what !? frank ( 0.s. ) sergeant angel ? angel yes ....sir ? frank usher angel into he office and shut the blind . frank Nicholas , Nicholas , Nicholas , what be I go to do with you ? angel Chief , you have get to understand - 104 . frank no , you have to understand , the boy here be not use to the concept you be bandy about . ( off angel 's look ) the '' m' word , Nicholas . there have not be a record murder in sandford for 20 year . angel but I be sure sir . and what 's more , I know who do it . frank I hope you be not go to say who I think you be go say . int . skinner 's office - night angel could I see the manager please ? angel and co . burst into skinner 's office to find the checkout girl chew gum . she intone into the tannoy . checkout girl Mr. Skinner to the manager 's office please . manager office . Mr. Skinner . int . skinner 's gefice - night the cop be all cramme into the office . angel stand purposefully . various employee look through the office window . skinner sergeant angel . officer . to what do I owe this pleasure ? angel I be arrest you on suspicion of the murder of Leslie tiller . skinner Leslie tiller be dead ? how ? fisher she trip and fall on she own shear . angel throw a pen at fisher 's head . he yelp . 105 . angel I be also arrest you on suspicion of the murder of Tim Messenger on May ist , George merchant on April 29th and Eve draper and Martin blower on April 28th . skinner why on earth would I want to do that sergeant ? angel I be glad you ask . the follow be illustrate with oodle of flashcut . it look pretty damn cool , for a british film . angel ( cont have ) my suspicion be [ U + fbo2 ] rst arouse when you appear at the scene of the blower / draper death , on the outskirt of sandford , despite live and work in the centre of the village . I could not help recall you comment at the theatre the previous evening , when you not only indicate you awareness of the couple 's affair but also infer that Ms. draper 's connection at the council might make she privy to important information . you yourself speak of " bashing she head in " . perhaps hope you might discover the route for the propose sandford bypass . you be already suspicious that blower 's client George merchant be buy up a area of land on the edge of the village , after a story Tim Messenger run in the citizen . you put two and two together after note merchant 's use of you car park to visit blower who you know all too well have a inside connection at the council . the land merchant be buy up have no particular value as it be but if it be to be make accessible by a new road , it would become a ideal location for perhaps , a retail park . consume with concern for you business and potential disloyalty from fickle customer ( more ) 106 . angel ( cont have ) whom you yourself state the desire to behead , you kill the potential competition in cold blood , staging the murder as accident . you use a vehicle removal truck to stage the blower / draper crash and incinerate a old man in he house , cover you track with the judicial application of bacon and bean . however , there be a loose end . Tim Messenger foolishly confront you at the village fote , after he own investigation lead he to the same conclusion . so you silence he , before he could voice he concern to I but not before he have tell Leslie tiller about the true value of she land . upon discover that she be about to sell up to the developer , you brutally murder she with she own shear and make you escape utilise you impressive prize win skill as a fun runner . angel finish he summation , by rest he hand on a 's fun run 's trophy . the room be astonished . skinner clap slowly . skinner very entertaining , sergeant angel . but I rather think you have be watch too many film . danny he have not . skinner why would I kill Leslie ? you clearly be not aware we be related . angel oh but I be , 's cousin sissy 's . angel slap down a photocopy sheet of a family tree article from the 's sandford citizen 's . highlight be Skinner and tiller 's connect name . skinner scoff . skinner I be afraid my nickname of sissy be only a revelation to yourself . my teenage year study ballet be well know . wainwright yeah sissy Skinner . cartweight what a gaylord ! skinner thank you andrew . despite my comment about behead customer , what we here on Planet sandford like to refer to as 'a joke 's I would personally relish the competition of another store . anything to energise my workforce . skinnee gesticulates to he gormless minion angel you would relish the competition . especially if it be yourself . as miss tiller 's only cousin , you be set to inherit she land , on which you plan to build a summeraisle Express . the perfect one stop shop for bypass traffic . angel point to the sketch of a new store on seinner this sketches be just pipe dream . anyway , what make you think I could dislodge part of the church roof ? or for that matter stage a car crash ? angel it 's a well know fact that the church roof be severely in need of repair . as for the car , be not it true that two of you employee also operate the council 's vehicle removal truck ? 107 . outside . the wall . angel point to the gruff looking butcher . they be the same gruff looking men from the removal vehicle earlier . skinner sergeant , this be the 21st century , I 'il think you find that many people hold down several job , I myself host a life draw class at the Village Hall . ( nod to checkout girl ) ( more ) 108 . skinner ( cont have ) Tina here be a table dancer at flapper . angel the thing be Mr. Skinner , you could quite easily have obtain access to the removal vehicle and use it for you own end . skinner this accusation be meaningless sergeant , unless you can back they up with hard evidence . angel well you have certainly get I there . we have need something conclusive . like perhaps a wound you sustained on a shard of break glass this very evening . angel awkwardly pull back skinner 's trouser leg . nothing . skinner oh sergeant , this be get to be embarrassing . apart from anything else , how can I be in several place at once ? I be sure the store 's security footage can absolve I . do feel free to spool through . int . skinner 's office - night a frustrated angel spool a huge pile of vhs tape . we see cctv image of skinner stagily strolling the shop [ U + fbo2 ]oor . the other officer drift out of the office , grumble . soon only danny and frank remain . frank slap a hand on angel 's shoulder and leave . danny pick up another tape . angel I can handle this Danny you enjoy the rest of you birthday . danny do you really get I that plant ? 109 . angel yes , but it 's be impound as evidence . danny maybe I can still water it . danny leave as skinner apprcach with lurch . skinner sergeant , I want you to know that if I do indeed now own the land belong to Leslie , I intend to turn it into a memorial garden , in she honour . angel ( blow raspberry ) jog on . skinner Michael , will you escort the sergeant off the premise when he 's quite finish ? lurch yarp . int . swan HOTEL dine - night angel eat alone , a break man . joyce serve he wine . joyce cqoper I can not believe Leslie 's dead . how do it happen again ? angel she trip and fall on she own shear . int . station locker room - day angel and danny be get into uniform . retrieving he cap , angel see the word 's twat 's write on the inside . danny that be not I . 110 . int / ext . squad car - day danny and angel sit in they usual spot , as the high street be be decorate with bunt . danny leek at angel , whe stare off intc space . danny look Nicholas . Mr. treacher 's get he big coat on again ... want anything from the shop ? angel cornetto . int . newsagent - day danny busy two ice-cream from a smirk annette roper . angel watch on morosely . annette ruper no luck catch they killer then ? danny it 's just the one killer actually . ext . square - day danny throw some change into the fountain . they get into the squad car , lick they ice creams . annette 's word echo in angel 's head ; 's no luck catch they killer then ? 's lick he ice cream ; angel ponder danny 's response ; ' it 's just the one killer actually 's . the word resonate . angel stop eat he ice cream , he eye go wide . danny what 's the matter ? you get brainfreeze ? angel no I get brainwave . get we back to the station . now ! nanny start the car , whilst try to finish as much of he ice cream as he can . he clutches he head in pain . danny arrrgh ! 111. ext . station - day the squad car screech to a halt in the car park . angel it 's more than one person . frank come again ? angel more than one killer . frank it be Skinner a minute ago . angel maybe it still be . maybe he 's not alone . maybe there be other . frank who exactly ? angel I do not know but we be buy cornettos and it suddenly hit I - frank you be a exceptional officer , Nicholas . truly exceptional . but I have see this before . angel Sir ? frank sergeant popwell . it be exactly the same thing . you have come from a city where there 's danger round every corner and it 's drive you round the bend . angel visibly sag . he become listless and compliant . angel yes sir . frank listen , I be due at a function in about half a hour . so do yourself a favour . sleep on it . if you feel the same way in the morning , I give you my word , we will get right on it . 112 . angel thank you sir . ext . station - day angel leave the station . danny follow , confuse . danny what happen ? what 's go on ? angel nothing . I be just - I be gonna go back and crash for a bit . danny oh okay . need a lift ? angel no , I could do with the walk . angel walk off , feel guilty . danny look forlorn . ext . sandford high STREET - dusk angel trudge home , the street be festoon with bunt . int . swan HOTEL receftion - dusk angel slope through the hotel reception . it be empty . a new romeo and juliet poster show understudy , greg and sherry , smile as the male and female lead . int . swan HOTEL corridor - dusk angel take out he key . he notice he door be ajar . the door [ U + fb02 ] ies open ... a huge cloak figure lift angel off the ground , throw he inside and slam the door behind . int . swan HOTEL bedroom - dusk angel hit the wall with a thud . he get up and throw several punch at he attacker , but stop , clutching he injure hand . the figure pick angel up in a bear hug . angel struggle , pull the assailant 's hood off to reveal - 113 . lurch . they look at each other for a second . angel bring he [ U + fb02 ] sts down on either side of lurch 's head . lurch drop angel , hold he ear . angel kick lurch in the ball . he barely wince before hurl angel across the room into a painting of the castle . his notebook drop to the [ u+ fbo2 ]oor . lunch lumber towards he . angel grab the cuddly monkey and look throw it in lurch 's direction . lunch catch it and be momentarily charme , hypnotise by the monkey 's cute eye . a whistle from offscreen . lurch turn to see angel upright , brandish he beloved pot plant . angel playtime 's over . smash . angel hit lurch across the head , destroy he peace lily in the process . lurch drop . his walkie- talkie clatter to the [ U + fb02 ] oor , crackle to life . skinner ( 0.s. ) Michael ? Michael ? be you there ? Michael ? be everything okay ? angel speak into the walkie-talkie in a thick brogue . angel yarp . skinner ( 0.s. ) sergeant angel have be take care of ? angel yarp . skinner ( 0.s. ) he 's not go to get back up again ? angel ... narp ? skinner ( 0.s.} good. proceed to the castle . angel look to a castle painting on the wall . he pull out he phone and dial . 114 . frank ( 0.s. ) you have reach Frank butterman . please leave a message after the beep - angel Frank . this shit just get real . Skinner just try to kill I . he 's go somewhere . the castle I think . I be go there now . I do not know who to trust . it 's Nicholas by the way . angel turn to see danny at the door and jump a mile . danny look at lurch sprawle among the pot plant debris . danny oh my god . what happen to you peace lily ? angel Danny . stay here . watch he . call you dad . tell he I be right . danny what be you go to do ? angel I be go to bust this thing wide open . danny Nicholas ? Danny pick up angel 's notebook and put it in he pocket . angel thanks partner . ext . high STREET - night angel run down the high street past a National trust sign point toward ' sandford castle '. ext / int . castle ruins - night angel approach sandford Castle ruin , a dilapidate 12th century Castle . it look spooky in the dark . angel hear voice come from inside . we hear chant - 115 . massed voice ( 0.s.} . bonum commune communitatis ... angel peer into the main hall . he see several black cloak figure stand around a large circular stone tablet . they hold torch under they face . angel make out familiar face under the hood . we see tom weaver , whose word echo in angel 's head ; " I can see what the entire village be up to ... " angel look to see 12 walkie talky on the stone tablet - " get everyone link up with a walkie so we can keep each other abreast of any misadventure . " angel see skinner under one of the hood . word echo ; " how can I be in several place at once ? " ... we see elashcut of the [ U + fbo2 ] orist chase , now with angle that we do not see previously ; a second cloak figure outside the greenhouse , a third cloak eiguee behind the hedge . angel spy some of the other face - joyce cooper , annette roper , jame reader , rev . shooter , dr . hatcher , amanda paver - " we be basically a group of volunteer who strive to keep the village just so . angel 's thought [ U + fbo2 ] ash back to the fountain . we see danny throw some change in . the penny drop . we see the plaque ; 's this fountain be generously restore with fund raise by f. butterman , J. Cooper , R. hatcher , A. paver ... 's as the cloak figure stop chant and sit at the tablet , angel be even more horrify by what he hear next ... joyce cooper Quick announcement before we begin . Janet barker have decide to call she boy Roger and Martin which be lovely . the christen will be Saturday week and all be welcome . Tom ? the cloak figure all swing they torch to weaver . weaver thanks Joyce . now you 'il be pleased to know that the tenacious sergeant angel have now be take care of . thanks must go to Simon Skinner for he effort in this . we very own Joyce Cooper will discover the officer tomorrow morning , slump ( more ) 116 . weaver ( cont have ) on the wet [ U + fbo2 ] oor of he ensuite bathroom , have slip in the shower and tragically break he neck . Dr. hatcher will take it from there . dr . hatcher indeed and may I say very well execute Simon . I will of course pronounce the death as accidental . that be after all what I be here for . all torch to dr . hatcher . there be mild chuckle . weaver with sergeant angel dispatch , we can concentrate we effort on eradicate we hoodie infestation , after which nothing will stand in we way . angel ( 0.s. ) oh I beg to differ , mister weaver . all the torch spin to the direction of the voice . weaver well , well , well , I see we have visitor . angel walk into the torch beam , warrant card aloft . angel sergeant Nicholas angel . sandford Police service . sninner my , he be tenacious be not he ? angel I be place you all under arrest on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder . weaver oh come , come sergeant angel . angel you should be ashamed of yourselves . this be suppose to be the community that care ! there 's a 117 . rev . shooter oh , but we do care Nicholas . joyce cooper it 's all about the great good . all the great good . angel what do you mean the great good ? all the great good . skinner sandford , Nicholas . the village . dr . hatcher a happy village be a healthy village . reaper perfection breed contentment and contentment be paramount . skinner you see , as much as I enjoy you wild theory sergeant , the truth be far less complex . blower 's fate be simply the result of he be a appall actor . murmur of " appall " . angel you murder he for that ? skinner he murder Bill Shakespeare . angel what !? oh I see . we see flasheack of martin elower 's dress room murder . now , we see new angle with multiple cloak figure . reaper the sandford player be a important feather in we cap . 118 . dr . hatceer we could not let blower jeopardize that . not when we have two semimprofessionals wait in the wing . skinner point to a older couple in cloak who wave back . skinner let we not forget greg be a extra in straw dog - angel yes , I know ! joyce coqper Martin be less concerned with the reputation of the village than he sordid affair with Eve draper . we see flashbacks of eve 's murder by multiple killer . angel and so Eve deserve to die too ? dr . hatcher she do have a annoying laugh . there 's a murmur of ' annoying 's . angel and George merchant ? skinner he have a awful house . there 's a murmur of " awful " . we see flashbacks of merchant 's ' accidental 's explosion . now , with multiple cloak figure engineering it . joyce cooper we begge he in vain to make he residence more in keep with the village 's rustic aesthetic . angel what be Messenger 's crime ? sninner Tim Messenger 's tenure as editor of the sandford citizen have be unbearable . 119 . reaper we once great paper have become riddled with tabloid journalism and dreadful punnery . not to mention persistent error . roy porter he list she age as 55 . mary porter when I be actually 53 . rev shooter the church roof be in need of repair and the insurer would not pay unless it be certified hazardous . let 's just say we kill two bird with one stone . flashback of multiple cloak figure push the turret . angel what about Leslie tillar ? one of you own ? her she horticultural expertise help put sandford on the map . joyce cooper she be ever so good . skinner cousin Leslie be a terrible shame . but it seem she be set on move away . weaver we have to stop she before she share she green finger with anyone else . joyce cooper not least the heathen at euford Abbey . the nwa simultaneously spit on the ground . dr . hatcher if we can not have she no - one can . angel how can this be for the great good ?! 120 . all the great good . angel shut it . this people die for no reason , no reason whatsoever ? voice ( 0.s. ) oh I would not say that . all torch move to the voice . to angel 's horror , it be frank . he wear the era fashioned police cape . frank I be like you once Nicholas . I believe in the immutable word of the law . that be until the night Mrs. butterman be take from I . you see , no - one love sandford more than she . she be head of the woman 's Institute , chair of the 's [ u+ fb02 ] oral committee 's , even run the neighbourhood watch before Tom . when they start the 's Village of the Year 's contest , she work round the clock , it become she life . I have never see such dedication . on the eve of the adjudicator 's arrival , some traveller move into callahan Park . before could say gypsy scum , we be knee deep in dog muck , thieve kid and crusty juggler . we lose the title and irene lose she mind . she drive she datsun cherry into sandford gorge . the inquiry say it be a accident but I know better . from that moment on I swore that I have do she proud . and whatever the cost , we have make sandford great again . angel Sir , this do not make sense . weaver it make perfect sense , sergeant . Frank gather together a group of the most faithful sandfordians and show we how we might rid we street of the paedophile and pervert - 121 . rev . shooter reaper - the shoplifter - - the shirtlifter - weaver amanda paver - the punk , the drunk - - the thug , the mug - skinner rev . shooter - the ham , the sham - - the drifter , the grifter - dr . hatcher joyce cooper - the dodger , the bodger - - the hawker , the stalker - roy porter mary porter - the gypsy , the tramp - - and thief - annette roper - the paedophile , the pervert - angel yeah , you have have they . frank the adjudicator arrive tomorrow Nicholas . they be suppose to arrive in a couple of month but they bring it forward for some reason . we have to make sure everything be ready . angel be you say this be all about win the 's best Village Award 's ? frank this be the best village Nicholas . you have see the people . they be happy , content . most of they do not even know about we work . they have very normal life . there 's a murmur of " very normal " . angel they be live in a dream world . 122. hatcher precisely . no crime . no tension . weaver sheer bliss . there 's a murmur of " bliss " . frank we have create the society you dream about . be not that worth preserve ? angel not with murder . frank sgt. popwell think much the same as you . I be disappointed you can not see the big picture . angel well , I be happy to disappoint sir . and I be afraid you be go to have to come with I . you be all go to have to come with I . frank no Nicholas , I be afraid it 's you who have to some with we ... the nwa reveal a array of weapon from under they cloak ; axe , scythes , pitchfork , knife etc . out of the shadow , a bruise and angry lurch slap a hand on angel 's shoulder . angel be shocked . another hand land on he other shoulder . he turn to see - angel Danny ? no! no ! danny be silent . he and lurch wield knife and torch . with lightning speed angel duck out of they grip , grab lurch 's blade , spin behind danny and hold it to he throat . he take danny 's torch and shine it at the nwa . angel ( cont have ) now back off or you 'il be explain to everyone how Danny accidentally trip and cut he own head off . the nwa continue to close in . frank laugh . 123. frank oh come on Nicholas . you have not get it in you . angel I mean it . they close in further . shit . angel throw danny to the ground and run into the wood . the nwa give chase . a hoard of cloak figure run through the tree . angel sprint into the darkhess - suddenly angel trip and fall through a hole in the path . int . blackness - night angel crash to a dusty [ U + fb02 ] oor , wind . he pick up he torch and shine it around . he seem to be inside a old gypsy caravan bury in the ground . his torch pick out a skeleton in gypsy clothing . angel back up frantically , collide with a entire family of gypsy skeleton , complete with child and dog . angel stagger to the door which burst open into a cave . his torch pick out many more body . the most recent addition , in a purple shell suit be a dead peter cocker . angel jump back and find himself stare at a skeleton in a police sergeant 's uniform . it have a big bushy beard . angel [ U + fb02 bee the cave and see one other corpse ; that of the live statue , now freeze in a final expression of terror . ext . wood - night angel slam straight into danny at the cave mouth . the other nwa member gather behind , a ominous mass of shadow . danny produce he blade . angel Danny ! no ! danny plunge the knife into angel 's chest . we see angel stagger back . his torch drop and smashes . 124 . int / ext . danny 's car - night a sign loom in the night - 's you be now leaving sandford '. a grim danny pull into a dark layby in he astra . the brake light illuminate the sign with a hellish glow . int / ext danny 's car - night a car boot open . danny stand over a bloody angel , the knife protrude from he chest . angel slowly open he eye and look at danny with confusion . danny slowly open he hand to reveal a number of empty ketchup sachet . danny ( weakly ) ta-daaaa . danny yank the knife out of angel 's chest . angel produce the notebook from he breast pocket . angel what be you do ? danny they tell I I have to put you in the front seat and push you in the gorge . danny haul angel out of the car boot . angel Danny , it 's murder . danny it 's not , it 's ketchup . angel I be not talk about I Danny , I be talk about all the other the nwa have murder . danny that 's not true . dad just say it 's he special club . I think it be just about rapping knuckle and send they on they way . 125 . angel there be skeleton back there Danny . danny I do not know nuffin about the skelington ! angel but what about draper , blower , merchant , Messenger and tiller ? what do you think be happen ? danny I do not know . angel it be Frank , Danny . he 's appoint himself judge , jury and executioner . danny he 's not judge Judy ! angel he be Danny ! and you have to help I take he down . danny I can not Nicholas . I be involved now . I have to do what dad say . I can not get out . but you can . take the car go back to London . there 's nothing you can do . angel I can come back . and I can bring the blue fury of the Metropolitan Police service with I . danny they 's 11 make it all disappear . they hide it from everyone else . who be they gonna believe ? dad , or the loony London copper ? angel but you 'il be here will not you Danny ? we can do this together . you and I . partner . 126 . danny forget it Nicholas . it 's sandford . a tearful danny pull out he car key . angel take they , limp to the car and drive off . in he rear view , angel can just make out the figure of danny stand in the road . int . danny 's car - night angel drive down the m4 . rain lash he windscreen . his fuel light blink low . he reach 's heston SERVICES '. int . heston SERVICES - night a clerk eye angel , who be cover in grime and ketchup . clerk be that everything Sir ? angel 's gaze have be draw to a bargain bin full of dvd . he scan the title - 's out for justice 's , 's the enfdrcer 's , ' lethal weapon 's , ' walking tall 's , 's hard to kill 's . clerk ( cont have ) sir? Sir ? be there anything we can do for you ? angel no . this be something I have to do myself . angel grab a pair of shade , a [ U + fb02 ] stful of car spray paint and some bubble gum . he slam down some crumpled money . ext . brannigan 's farm - morning we see the ' welcome to sandford 's sign . it 's morning outside jame reaper 's farm . his GREEN 4x4 pull over to the roadside . he get out and walk to some horse at a gate . they snort , restless . reaper look behind he . the astra be sit right in the middle of the road . reaper Danny ? reaper squint . it 's not danny . sitting behind the wheel , wear shade and revving the engine , be angel . 127 . reaper run to he 4x4 ... angel scream towards he ... reaper grab he car radio .. smash . angel crash he car directly into the 4x4 ... reaper be leave clutching the radio and snap cable ... angel spring from the astra and charge towards reaper . reaper ( cont have ) mum !!! angel punch reaper out cold . bang ... buckshot rip into the 4x4 next to angel 's head ... reaper 's mum brandish a shotgun from the other side of the gate . she break the shotgun and go to reload . angel run towards the gate , jump into the air and launch into a [ U + fb02 ] ying kick . reaper 's mum snap the shotgun shut , angel land on she , with maximum force . ext . brannigan 's farm - morning jame reafer and he mum be tie to the fence . reaper what be you go to do ? just walk in and arrest the whole village ? angel not exactly . int . sandford station - morning angel glide through the quiet front office , past the straight haire desk sergeant who barely look up . int . locker room - morning angel glide through the locker room . no - one spot he . he open he locker , and retrieve a uniform and a stab vest . int / ext . evidence room - morning ' 999 's be punch into the keypad . the door open on the arsenal of weaponry . angel grab all he can carry . rifle and shotguns round he shoulder , pistol in he belt . the room be now completely empty , save for the sea mine . 128. int . frank 's office - morning frank look at paperwork and eat ice cream . in the outer office angel stand look in . frank become aware of someone watch . he look up but angel have go . int . station - morning angel glide past the desk sergeant , who finally pipe up . desk sergeant oh sergeant angel ? someone from London call for you . angel scowl back at he , chew gum , armed to the tooth . desk sergeant ( cont would ) I x11 tell they you ’1l1 ring ’em back . angel nod and walk out . the desk sergeant watch he go . desk sergeant ( cont would ) that 's funny . voice ( 0.s. } what 's that ? desk sergeant I do not know we have a mount division . the voice 's owner join desk sergeant in peer after angel . it 's he curly haire twin brother . the other desk sergeant nobody tell I nothing . ext . STREET - morning a armed angel trot down the street on a fucking horse . he ride past a bus shelter where gabriel weaver and the hoodies sit in they usual formation , albeit in school uniform . they stare at angel , they young mouth agape . angel wanna do something useful ? angel throw a holdall to gabriel . it 's full of spray can . 129 . int . station / cctv office - morning weaver read the paper and daintily eat ice cream . he do not see the cctv screen slowly turn black behind he . ext . high STREET - morning sandford . as it be that first morning . idyllic , bustling , happy . among the morning folk we see smile nwa member go about they business as if nothing have happen . we see workmen put up a banner across the middle of the street read 's good luck sandford : village oe the year 's . annette roper be put out a display in front of she shop . her walkie-talkie crackle to life . radio voice annette , that new policeman 's back . int . cctv room - morning weaver hear this radio message and finally realise that all he precious cctv camera have be spray black . int . surgery - morning dr . hatcher peer through he surgery window , he eye wide . angel be be [ u+fb02 ] ecte pass on horse back . ext . STREET - morning joyce cooper water the hang basket outside the hotel , she spot angel riding up the middle of the high street . the porter peer out of the Crown , mouth agape . rev . shooter be talk to the understudy greg and sheree . all three stop and stare . amanda paver skid to a stop on she bicycle and gawp . mr. treacher in he heavy coat look on in terror . skinner and he staff stare from the window of summeraisle . danny be sit in the squad car in the usual parking spot . he see angel and be terrify , not know what to do . 130 . int . station - morning weaver burst into frank 's office , panic stricken . frank look up . his cheery expression dissipate immediately . frank angel . ext . square - morning the village have come to a stop . the nwa watch as angel dismount . bead of sweat glisten . eye [ U + fb02 ] ick this way and that . the ordinary folk be unnerve by the hush . angel Morning . mr . treacher [ U + fb02 ] ing open he winter coat revealing a shot gun . angel dive behind the fountain just as he fire . the village erupt into chaos . the innocent run for cover . the nwa mobilise . the porter scurry inside . dr . hatcher emerge from he surgery with a number of gun . annette roper run into she shop . moment later a upper window smashes and the barrel of a gun protrude . danny sit in the car , he face a mixture of awe and panic . angel take a look at mr . treacher 's position . he be stand next to a truck load with Beer barrel . angel jump up and fire blast the catch hold the Beer barrel in place . they tumble off the back of the truck knock treacher off he foot . angel be pin down by fire from annette roper . he look up to see roper 's gun poke out of she shop . angel see the hoodies hide behind a car . he motion to the newsagent . the hoodies stampede into the shop . the door slam . we see the notice ; " only one child at any time " . in the window , roper 's gun be suddenly yank backwards . we hear muffied scream and blow . Shots ring out , a hail of bullet narrowly miss angel . pedal towards he on she cycle , fire a ri[ U + fbo2 ] e be amanda paver . angel dive out of the line of fire . danny see amanda paver in he wing mirror . his face harden . he [ U + fb02 ] ing the door wide open and send amanda paver [ U + fb02 ] ying through the air into a crumpled heap . 131 . danny run over to join angel . angel throw he a shotgun . danny catch it in mid air . angel ( cont have ) that 's what I be talk about . Shots ricochet off the fountain . greg and sheree reign fire on the two officer . angel and danny , without a moment pause , return fire , shoot greg in he gun hand and sherre in the shoulder . both fall dramatically . joyce cooper fascist ! joyce cooper open fire with a antique Winchester . danny dive for cover . angel roll across the [ U + fbo2 ] oor , pull two pistol from he belt , still roll he fire at joyce . one of joyce 's hang basket drop directly on she head . angel hag ! there 's a pierce yell . angel turn to see bernard bare down fast with the ornamental sword . angel barely manage to draw he baton to block the attack . bernard swipe , slice the baton in half . angel take out bernard 's leg with a foot sweep . bernard crash down . then from behind angel . rev . shooter stop ! stop this ! please . let we put down we gun . Nicholas , my son , you may not be a man of god but surely you be a man of peace . angel reverend I may not be convinced about the existence of God but I know good and evil and I have the grace to know which be which . rev . shooter oh fuck off grasshopper ! rev . shooter pull a pistol from he cassock and fire . the bullet take angel by surprise , graze he shoulder . danny noooooooo00 ! danny return fire at shooter hit he in the shoulder . 132. rev . shooter Jesus Christ !!! danny run over to angel who be lie wind in the road . angel still feel like you be miss out ? click . they turn to see dr . hatcher point a shotgun . dr . hatcher Drop you weapon . danny Dr. hatcher wait . dr . hatcher shut up Danny . I bring you into this world , it 's rather fitting I should be the one to take you out of it . you and you interfere little friend . now drop they ! danny do so . his shotgun hit the [ u+ fbo2 ] oor . blam ! it fire into hatcher 's leg . his knee explode in a shower of blood . dr . hatcher clutches he knee , wail in pain . angel you be a doctor , deal with it ... motherfucker . Danny , let 's go . danny what be you think exactly ? a shot blast from the window of the crown . angel pub ? angel eye the board outside the pub ; read 's come on in ! 's int / ext . the crown - morning smash . the pub board come smash through the window . the porter fire wildly from behind the bar , before a sign read 's two shooter for the price of one 's . they stop . then - the pub door [ U + fb02 ] y open . danny and angel burst in , jump through the air whilst both fire two gun . 133. they land and roll , grab table to form a barricade . the porter open fire again . tables and chair splinter . angel pop up and fire at a bear trap on the wall . it fall and clamp its jaw around roy porter 's head . mary porter Roy ! somebody call the police ! frank ( 0.s.} reach ! the entire sandford police burst in , wear riot gear and clutching baton . WALKER hold a growl saxon on a leash . frank lead they , aim he antique pistol at angel . frank ( cont 's D} officer , arrest that man . Danny , step away from the sergeant . danny no dad . frank Danny , you 'il do as you be tell . danny no , I be not take order from you any more . frank officer , arrest this man ! angel you can arrest we if you want . you can throw we in prison and go back to be blind , submissive slave . cartwright what the fuck be he on about ? wainwright what the fuck be you on about ? angel have you ever wonder why the crime rate in sandford be so low and the accident rate so high ? fisher no. yes . what ? 134 . angel you have be brain wash sergeant into naivety by a old man with a murderous obsession and it 's time you open you eye to the truth . frank this be ridiculous . danny no , it 's not dad . it 's very unridiculous . and it 's only now that I be start to realise how unridiculous it all be . frank silence Danny ! think of you mother . danny mum 's dead and for the first time in my life , I be glad . because even though she love this village more than anything if she could see what you have become , she have kill herself all over again . doris thatcher sorry , I be completely lose . angel sandford be a lie doris . for the last twenty year the village have be control by Frank and the nwa . they have lull you into think this be a perfect village by kill anyone who threaten to change that . saxon stop growl . bob WALKER pipe up . WALKER recconneeegottsumadere . danny he say he n'reckon you get something there '. angel I know . thanks . 135 . WALKER / danny s’alroight . frank round on the officer , raise he pistol at they . frank you be not seriously go to believe this man be you ? be you ?! he 's not even from round here . the officer look on in confuse disbelief at the manic frank , who realise he be brandish he weapon . wainwright maybe it 's time to give it up sir . frank you ignorant flatfoot ! frank snap , shoot he pistol up in the air . he hit a rustic light fitting , which crash to the ground . angel and the other officer dive out of the way , as glass explode across the main bar . everyone scatter . in the confusion , frank make a bid for freedom through the back of the pub . angel jump up . the other officer stare after frank , then look to angel , they new leader . angel let 's go . danny be not we gonna go after dad ? angel he x11 come round again . danny well , who else be there ? angel want anything from the shop ? flashcut ; the police tool up , cuff people . PC WALKER and saxon guard the already incapacitate nwa member . roy porter still have the bear trap on he head . 136 . ext . summeraisle - morning angel lead he new recruit as they approach the car park they take cover behind recycle bin , armed and ready . danny what you think ? before angel can answer - fishr we should strike now while we have the element of surprise , the longer we wait the more time they have to mobilise . I say we go in through the front entrance and take the place aisle by aisle . they will not be expect that . angel very good . what he say . int . summeraile - morning a grim skinner and he gormless minion watch the cctv . skinner my , my . here come the fuzz . ext . summeraisle - morning the sandford police gather near the entrance . wainwright maybe they be not in . angel wait here . angel go into summeraisle through the automatic door . doris thatcher we can not let he go in on he own . danny he know what he 's do . kraaassshhhh ! angel come [ U + fb02 ] ying through the front window of the shop and land in a heap on the ground . he get up . 137 . angel they be in . you take the shop . i’1l deal with the trolley boy . wainwright cartwright eh ? eh ? lurch stride out of the shop . wainwright cartwright oh . oh. danny lead the officer in , as angel face up to lurch . angel ( cont have ) we do not have to do this Michael . be this what you really want ? lurch yarp . angel suit yourself . angel run at lunch and headbutt he in the face . int . summraisle - morning the officer make they way through the supermarket aisle . wainwright peer round a corner . one of the gruff butcher throw a large meat cleaver . it shatter a tomato sauce jar next to he head . cartwright shriek , assume it 's blood . cartwright Andy ! meanwhile angel be be swing around by lurch , he arm clamp tightly around lurch 's neck . angel [ U + fb02 ] ail leg knock produce off shelf as he cling on tight . lurch begin to lose consciousness . he stagger past a '' wet floor 's sign , slip and both fall hard into a chest freezer . angel scramble out cover in frost . lurch be out cold . angel join the other officer , who crouch behind shelf as they shoot at the two gruee eutcher . danny where 's lurch ? 138. angel he 's unconscious in the freezer . danny do you say ' cool off ’? angel no I do not say anything . danny oh shame . angel but you miss a bit earlier when I distract he with the monkey , say 's playtime 's over 's and hit he with the peace lily . danny you be off the fuck chain ! another cleaver whizze by , smash more sauce bottle . angel what 's the situation ? wainwright two bloke and a lot of cutlery . what do you reckon ? the two gruff butcher wait , knife draw , ready to throw . suddenly a terrific clatter rumble fill the store . a batter ram comprise of several trolly handcuff together burst into view , hurtle toward the gruff butcher . the ande ride the front of the trolley - ram , yell like Viking . the trolly crash into the meat counter , knock the gruff butcher to the [ u+fb02]o0or . the ande leap off the makeshift batter ram and deck the [ U + fb02 ] oore bad guy . a piercing scream . the officer turn to see the sluttish checkout girl run towards they . doris thatcher grab the 's wet floor 's sign and slam it into the checkout girl 's face . she slide across the [ u+fbo2]oor . wainwright ( cont have ) Nice one doris . doris thatcher nothing like a bit of girl on girl . 139 . splat ! the officer duck for cover . gangly shelf stacker appear , throw a volley of melon and pineapple . angel can you handle this sergeant ? we be go after the big boss . fisher we be on it , sergeant . angel Danny , let 's roll . wainweight angel ! do not go be a twat now . angel I would not give you the satisfaction . angel and danny burst in . the office be desert , the window open . they see skinner in the car park climb into a squad car , drive by frank . angel ( cont have ) let 's get down there . danny how ? angel skip . angel and danny jump through the open window and land ina skip full of cardboard box , as frank 's car peel off . angel ( cont have ) head ’em off ? danny fuck yeah . angel and danny sprint down a alley , burst back into the square and race towards danny 's squad car . danny ( cont have ) I will drive . angel slide over the bonnet to the passenger side . frank 's car scream past . danny get in and [ U + fbo2 ] ick on the siren . 140 . angel punch that shit ! they screech off . behind they we see the once picturesque square bullet riddled and blood splatter . the banner read ' Village of the Year 's [ U + fbo2 ] utter to the ground . Three official look type hold clipboard stand gobsmack amid the debris . ext . sandfoed street - day frank 's car race past a 's kill you speed 's sign . behind , angel and danny gain on they . they take turn shoot at frank 's car as they go . it 's cop on cop . frank 's car hit the brow of a hill at 100 mph and get air . as it hit the road again , skinnnr spot something . skinner swan ! frank panic . swerves . Big mistake . the car career off the road and smashes right into a sign for the 's model village 's . ext . model village - day a beautiful blue sky . the sun beam down on a perfect vista of sandford . the idyllic shot be quickly ruin however as - a gigantic squad car [ U + fb02 ] ies over what we reveal to be a miniature version of sandford . a small ginger haire kid stare in awe as the squad car brie [ U + fb02 ] y block out the sun . ext . road - day angel and danny 's squad car reach the brow of the hill . angel swan . danny brake with expert timing . they screech to a stop by the waddling swan . angel open the door and grab the swan . 141 . ext . model village - day the swan now sit in the back seat , danny take the squad car into the model Village . ahead be a scene of devastation . frank 's squad car lie upturn in a water feature , a damage sprinkler rain water down onto the model village . frank be motionless at the wheel . skinner limp away from the crash . angel jump from the car and run toward he . danny run over to he injure father . skinner swipe up the ginger haire kid and hold a pistol to he head . angel freeze , stop dead in he track . sktnner stay back or the ginger nut get it ! the kid think fast , sink he tooth into skinner 's hand . skinner ow you little fucker ! skinner drop the kid . before he have a chance to recover , angel pounce and they both crash down into the tiny village . skinner 's pistol skitter down a miniature street . angel and skinner spring back up . the sprinkler rain down as they trade blow . the low angle in the model village make they look like godzilla and king kong . angel hit skinner twice hard in the face . reaching out skinner grab angel 's hand . angel wince in pain . skinner see he have discover a weakness and exploit it . he twist angel 's hand whilst raining blow down on he face . skinner ( cont have ) get gut GE my village ! angel straighten himself like t2 and shake he head . angel it 's not you village any more . wham . angel [ U + fbo2 ] atten skinner with one punch . skinner sprawl across a mini village sguare . angel look over to the ginger kid , who be agog at the coolness of event . angel ( cont have ) well do son . what 's you name ? 142. ginger haire kid Aaron A. aaronson . angel I be sorry ? the kid 's eye go wide . angel spin around . behind be a maniacal skinner , hold a box cutter knife and run full pelt at angel through the tiny street . skinner annnnnnnnnnnnnngell1111111! skinner trip on a model someraisle truck . his leg slip from under he , send he [ U + fb02 ] ying . he spin in the air . splat . skinner fall hard onto the miniature church roof . a model turret have embed itself beneath skinner 's chin and protrude through he mouth . angel look to danny who pull frank from the squad car . angel Danny . it 's over . skinner ( 0.s.} ooowwww . skinner be not actually dead . he speak , even though he neck and tongue be now pierce by the turret . skinner goooow , thith weally hurth . I can not feel my thongue . I be go to need thome ice cream . angel there 's plenty of ice cream back at the station . be not there - angel turn to see frank hold a gun to danny 's head . angel ( cont have ) oh pack it in Frank , you silly bastard ! frank now , now sergeant . we do not want any more bloodsh . 143. danny dad , do not do this ! angel Frank , this whole thing start because you lose someone you love . do not expect I to believe you have let it end the same way . frank I x11 tell you how this be go to end ! he point he gun at angel . danny leap on frank wrestle the gun from he . frank sprint off towards angel 's car . danny aim the gun at he and be about to pull the trigger . he can not . instead he point the gun in the air and fire . danny aaaaargh ! frank jump in the car and peel off , wheel screeching . int . car - continuous frank look in he rear view . no one pursue he . however he be not alone in the car . behind , the long slender neck of the swan rear up . frank turn . it pounce . ext . road - morning angel and danny watch as the car veer wildly and crash into a tree . we hear the sound of distant swan battle . angel I feel like I should say something smart . danny you do not have to say anything at all . rehind they car screech up and the rest of the sandford police run over . the two officer look up to see a metropolitan police helicopter come to land in a field . 144 . ext . road - later frank sit handcuff in the back of a ambulance , wear a neckbrace . skinner be carry through shot on a stretcher , the model church spire still stick through he face . the hoodies record this sight on they mobile . skinner ow ow ow ow ow ow ow . we see the swan cuffed to a car door by the neck . the old man in a cap approach to retrieve he . angel and danny sit with blanket around they . they be address by the three ofificer from the start of the film . chief inspector what do you say Nicholas ? inspector we have be try to reach you for day . angel well I have be kind of busy . sergeant we need you back . the figure have go a little squiffy in you absence it have to be say . chief inspector come back to London . sandford 's hardly fitting for such a exceptional officer . angel look to danny , then back at the model sandford . angel yes , but the thing be sir . I like it here . now , if you 'il excuse I , we have to do a considerable amount of paperwork . int / ext . station - day fastcut of form be fill , various nwa member process ; print , mug shot etc . roy porter still have the bear trap on he head . he be measure as 7 foot 5 inch . 145 . int . station - dusk the entire sandford force , include both desk sergeant sit guietly scribbling away . danny be particularly hard at work , the peace lily now have pride of place on he desk . watnwright Fucking hell Nick , this be go to take age . cartwright yeah , we be gonna be here all night . fisher good job we have get the manpower be not it Andy ? danny actually , official vocab guideline state that we say ' staf [ U + fb02]ng 's , not ' manpower 's . ' manpower 's sexist . angel you do not mind a bit of manpower do you doris ? doris thatcher dirty bastard ! everyone laugh . whoops and catcall fill the office . angel be for once the office joker . a wastepaper basket hit he hard on the head . angel hey you cheeky fucker ! another huge laugh . angel grin at danny , who appear suddenly grave . he follow danny 's gaze to see tom weaver . aiming a blunderbuss at angel , he face full of hate . weaver you know what you be ? a bloody busy - body ! weaver fire . danny lunge at angel , push he off he chair and take full force of weaver 's blast in the chest . with lightning speed angel slip he foot into a wastepaper basket and kick it at weaver 's face . 146 . weaver stagger back into the evidence ream . he hit the back shelf . the sea mine teeter , roll forward and drop between weaver 's leg , narrowly miss he crotch . weaver ( cont have ) oh thank god . ka - boom . the sea mine gee off . the evidence room door blast outward . angel [ U + fb02 ] ies backwards thrcugh the air . sandford police station explode . in the clear smoke , paperwork [ U + fbo2 ] utter to the fioor . from under the rubble , we see movement . a hedgehog crawl out , blink in the light . then the sandford Police service , blacken but intact , miraoulcusly get to they foot . a frantic angel hurry over to find danny who lie among the debris , barely alive . angel hold a Danny . everything 's alright . the offieer gather round angel cradling danny in he arm . angel ( cont have ) everything 's gonna be just fine . ext . sandford / various - day caption - 's one Year later 's . we see angel leave a cottage and walk by a garden yath . we see angel , now a Inspector , suite up at the station . his uniform be different however . it 's more modern . cooler . he be else armed with a automatic revolver . angel stroll down a station corridor . familiar look brightly coloured notice be pin all around the wall . angel walk out of the newly build station , and get into he new squad car . it 's mere modern . cooler . angel drive along , he passenger seat conspicuously empty . he pass a skate yark where gabriel weaver and friend congregate , they heed down . his mobile ring . he answer . angel okay . give I a minute . angel come out of the florist , now call leslie 's garden , with a bouquet of [ U + fbo2 ] ower and get into he car . 147 . he walk through the graveyard to a single headstone . we see that it read butterman . angel ( cont ’d ) be this okay ? voice ( 0.s. ) yeah they be lovely . danny be reveal , stand next to angel . he kneel down and place the [ U + fbo2 ] ower on a grave . angel step back , revealing the full headstone . it read , ' irene butterman 's . int / ext . squad car - day danny and angel be in they car . the radic crackle . doris thatcher ( 0.s. ) any officer near the church ? angel go ahead doris . doris tratcher ( 0.s. ) Chief , we have have a report of some hippy type messin’ with the recycle bin at the supermarket . angel leave it with we . sergeant butterman . Little hand say it 's time to rock and roll . danny bring the noise . we cut to the exterior of the squad car . angel pull a spectacular handbrake turn , spin the car 180 degree . accelerate with a roar , the car hurtle towards we , fill the frame . crash to black