HOTEL transylvania 2 sony picture animation third draft rs / as current revision 4.11.14 ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 1 . ext . HOTEL - night Dramatic music as camera slowly creep in .... announcer ( v.o. ) they be the world 's most famous monster ... force into hide for year ... CUT to clip of frankenstein , Murray , Wayne and griffin , each out and about in a public set , ex. red carpet . announcer ( v.o . ) but now they be out of the closet and all over ET ! murray be interview at a red carpet event . murray yeah , once I start get offer , hit the fashion world feel right . a gay latino man stand next to a model in a chiffon party dress . murray critique from he chair on a panel . murray ( cont ’d ) I like where you be go with this , cicero - but it feel like it need bandage . yxhear I , bro ? make a statement , y’all . bandage that sucker . cicero nod emotionally as the crowd cheer . cicero quickly pull off the dress , tear the fabric and wrap it around he model mummy -style . griffin be interview at a different red carpet event . griffin yeah , the workout video 's really catch on . people be diggin’ it . int . workout room - day griffin 's workout video be on the tv monitor . griffin 's glass and sweatband move around in rhythm as several women in workout clothes try they best to approximate he move . griffin 4 ... 3... 2 ... and 1 ! do you feel it right here ? good ! now bring it back . 8...7...6...5 ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 2 . frankenstein and bigfoot be interview at a different red carpet event . frankenstein yeah , bigfoot here 's tear it up in the italian soccer League . ext . soccer field as we hear a announcer scream in italian , a soccer player charge downfield and take a shot . bigfoot 's right foot be block the entire net . the ball bounce off he foot , another player kick the rebound but the foot block it again . the crowd and announcer go nut . CUT back to : frankenstein at the same red carpet event . frankenstein ( cont ’d ) Count dracula ? Nah , he never do this public stuff . drac 's old school . he 's about family . and he hotel . int . HOTEL lobby - night dracula be bark order to a row of Zombies , readjust they bowty and eyeball ( similar to the cut scene from the first movie ) . a sparse number of monster guest circulate . frankenstein ( v.o. ) the place do not get as many monster as when we be in hide , but it 's still get the best food . dracula sample a squirrel head on a toothpick and give he approval to the gargoyle , who be now head chef . dracula mmm , get better . gargoyle smile awkwardly . dracula ( cont 'd ) be that you happy face ? gargoyle nod . dracula ( cont 'd ) do not ever do that again . int . mavis 's bedroom - day dracula play mavis 's music box . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 3 . frankenstein ( v.o. ) I think he miss he daughter . drac be sit on mavis 's coffin sadly . frankenstein ( v.o. ) she 's be off travel with johnny , she human boyfriend , for a few month . Wayne and wanda burst in . wayne drac , what be you do ? dracula whaa -? I be just keep she bed nice and cold for when she come back . shrunken head mmm hmm , you skinny butt gonna be there a long time . wayne drac , mavis say she 's be try to call you ! dracula call I ? oh ! '' ha ! see that ? my skinny butt 's wait long enough ! she 's come back ! Wayne pull out he smartphone . wayne you gotta get one of this . she want to video chat . dracula video ? whatever happen to turn into a bat and fly to someone ? mavis appear on Wayne 's phone with johnny . Wayne and wanda peek behind he to get a look . mavis hey , dad ! dracula mavy wavy ! where be you ? * ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 4. mavis we be in guacamole ! johnny Guatemala . hey drac ! Love you ! dracula yes , great , johnny . also with the love . so when you come back ? dracula push Wayne aside . dracula ( cont 'd ) sorry , can not handle you breath . wayne I hear you . dracula I mean , right over my shoulder ... mavis and , dad ... I be engage ! dracula fantastic . and then you be come back ? mavis dad , do youshear what I say ? I be get marry . to johnny ! mavis hold up a engagement ring ! wanda oh , mavis , that ring be gorgeous !! mavis thank you wanda ! dracula no one 's answer my question . be you come back ? mavis yes . we can not wait to see you guy ! dracula Holy raby !! johnny ( teary - eye ) we be all gonna be related ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 5 . dracula she 's come back !!! open credit montage ext . HOTEL entrance - night monster and human in formal wear pour into the lobby ... music : daddy' girl ( rock version ) photo tableau - johnny in tuxedo pose with he usher , include he straightlaced athletic brother BRETT and kent , and several odd monster . his backpack be the best man , wear a bowtie . flash effect to still photo of the group . photo tableau - mavis in wedding gown pose with she bridesmaids , include clarabelle , a monster with frog limb , kelsey , a 8 foot tall slimy monster with sharp horn for arm , and two redhead sister of johnny , all in match shiny purple bridesmay dress . her maid of honor be the shrunken head , strung to a coathanger with a bridesmay dress , hang on a small coat rack . , the sister look uncomfortable . flash effect to still photo of the group . mavis be invisible . photo tableau - johnny and mavis together , johnny be flanke by he polite but stiff family , include he brother , sister , mike , he crewcut dad , and linda , he chatty , redhead housewifey mom ) mavis be flanke by a nervous dracula . she fix he hair for he and he give a tense , wooden smile . flash effect to still photo - drac and mavis be invisible . int . HOTEL ballroom .- later johnny at the alter with he backpack next to he , hold the ring . come up the aisle be BRETT and kelsey . she make eye contact with a monster girlfriend in the audience and roll she eye toward brett like '' I can not believe I be pair with this loser '' . a trail of slime follow she on the aisle . a redhaire human flower girl carry a bouquet of flower as monster and 's alike say '' awwww . '' then a slew of wolf pup pounce on the flower in a whirlwind , shredd they , leave the girl dishevel as petal fall around she . the human be stunne but the monster again say '' awwww . '' johnny and mavis at the alter , marry . dracula be teary eye as he look at mavis and remember she as a child . johnny and mavis slowly move in for the big kiss ... dracula try but can not take it and , use telepathy from he hand , fly the shrunken head in between they just as johnny kiss she . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 6 . johnny open he eye and recoil as dracula apologize , indicate '' okay , one quick one '' and they kiss quickly . receiving line - a touchy feely prickly monster hug johnny 's dad Mike , cause he to cringe in agony . the emotional blob hug he wife Linda so hard she be pull into he body . her son try to politely pull she out . reception - marty ( the '' you look pale as well '' monster ) give a heartfelt , poetic , completely unintelligible speech . Shots of mavis , drac , and various monster extremely move . Shots of johnny 's straight lace human parent and brother mystify . marty finish to applause and hand the mic to the backpack . after a silent beat its bow tie fall off and we see johnny nodd and choke up . johnny true . so true , buddy . mavis with johnny cut the wedding cake . the cake scream in horror a la scream cheese as it get cut . all the monster applaud . johnny 's family smile uncomfortably as they be serve cake . as one brother reach , for he , the venus fly trap centerpiece devour it , take he watch and he arm as well . mavis struggle to pull he out and shoot a look at the venus flytrap , who try to act like he be just kid . pull out from clock read 5:30 be ... drac , Frank , griffin , Wayne , and Murray have take over for the band of zombie composer , who watch as»they drunkenly try to finish the song we have be hearing through the montage . johnny , also drunk , sing with dracula_as the monster in the crowd go wild . the human be all exhaust from the late hour . johnny 's dad Mike sleep at he table . the ghost tablecloth go nut , suddenly revealing themselves and lift off the ground to dance . Mike be carry along with he table , still asleep . dracula take out he ukelele and slowly sing the end to mavis as johnny hold she . some monster couple slow dance . dracula and you'll always be my moonlight , but now you can shine on everyone because you're ... johnny 's girl , johnny' girl ready to fly and see the whole wide world johnny 's girl , and kind of daddy' too you mommy would be so happy because she always know that love be making room for all the best for you ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 7 . mavis run from johnny and hug dracula , teary eye . other monster tear up , include bigfoot , whose giant tear fall on grandma Linda , soaking she entire body . dissolve to : int . mavis and johnny 's bedroom - one year later johnny be still sing , this time to mavis 's pregnant belly . johnny cuz yer daddy' girl ... or boy daddy' girl ... or boy mavis I be hungry again , honey . can you get I some ice cream with anchovy ? dracula swoops in . dracula no , no no . you must not give in to you craving ! it 's not good for the baby ! he produce a manual '' what to expect when you 're expect a vampire '' and read from it . zombie waiter present the dish as dracula mention they . dracula ( cont 'd ) you need to increase you spider intake , so he will be able to climb ceiling properly . and eat lot of goat bile . mavis I love you , dad , but we do not even know if the kid 's gonna be a vampire ! I have be thrilled if the baby 's humany just like johnny ! dracula humany ? with thousand of year of dracula gene ? not gonna happen ! here ! just have some monster ball soup . it 's you mommy 's recipe . dracula produce a tray of soup with ball of monster face gurgle in it . mavis smile , weaken - she love she soup . mavis aww ... thank you dad. ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 8. she take she spoon to eat it and one of the monster ball devour the spoon . monster ball sorry . int . dracula's bedroom - later dracula excitedly walk to a gothic calendar with a baby vampire on each month . he mark off another day with a xx . calendar shuffle through month , as different baby vampire be see . finally land on a month with a bunch of X 's lead up a day mark the big night . dissolve to : ext . delivery room dracula be at the door of the Delivery room where mavis be about to give birth . the monster doctor intercept he . monster doctor Sir , only the father be allow until after the baby 's bear . dracula of course ! he 's the family , make sense to I ! CUT to : the baby be just bear , cry and the monster doctor be about to hand it to mavis as johnny hold she . suddenly , a odd look nurse . take . the baby instead and hold it . nurse ( bad woman 's voice ) oh , look ! it 's a boy ! it 's a boy ! the dracula bloodline carry on ! ( dracula dark voice ) no one will ever harm you as long as I be here . mavis dad ? clearly it 's dracula in the nurse 's outfit wear a mask . nurse ( bad woman 's voice ) no , no ! it 's the nurse ! I do not know who dad be . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 9 . mavis dad , can I hold my baby ? nurse ( hand it to she ) if I be dad , I have say yes , but I be the nurse . francine . a zombie orderly spray binaca into he mouth and grunt flirtatiously and lean in to kiss dracula . dracula ( regular voice ) back off ! the Zombie orderly recoil . dissolve to : johnny and mavis 's HOTEL suite - six month later the baby , dennis , be now a year old with goofy red hair . johnny 's parent , grampa Mike and , grandma Linda be still present , and Frank , Eunice , Murray , griffin , Wayne and wanda be there with gift . johnny be in between dracula and Mike . johnny . can not believe Dennis be a year old already ! grampa mike be this_a handsome kid or what ? look at that red hair ! dracula ( singsongy ) I do not think it 's go to stay red ... grampa mike I think it be ... dracula ( singsongy ) I think I see some black root ... grampa mike I do not think I do ... dracula ( singsongy ) I have vampire vision ... I can see it ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 10 . johnny share a troubled look with mavis . mavis okay . please , you two , I do not want he to hear he grandpas argue . his hair do not matter , right ? dracula of course not . he 's perfect whatever color-haire vampire he be . grampa mike what if he 's not a vampire ? he do not have fang . dracula ( singsongy ) I think they be grow in ... you have until you be five to get you vampire fang . grampa mike well , if he do not , maybe he have be better off grow up in a place with more human . dracula oh , that will not happen ! he ’1ll get he fang ! ( regain he cool ) right , little denisovich ? grampa mike his name be Dennis ... name after my father . dracula ( singsongy ) it 's not he vampire name ... my wittle denisovichy - weesovichy ... wayne ( aside ) wow . be this behavior get you sick , too ? griffin uh , you can not see I roll my eye right now ? wayne no. ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 11 . griffin oh . well , I be roll my eye right now . grampa Mike repeatedly toss a small baseball to indifferent Dennis as dracula counter by toss he a tiny troll . johnny okay ! so , anyway ... too bad you guy have to get back to Santa Cruz . grampa mike I do not know why you be not come back with we . do not you need to get a real job , son ? johnny a real job ...? dracula ehh ... johnny already have a real job . johnny I do ? I mean , I do . I mean . - what do I mean ? dracula yes , johnny 's in charge of , uh ... make the hotel more human - friendly . yes. here . stay here . not leave . Dennis be now put the ball in he mouth , pleasing Mike . as dialogue continue , dracula hand Dennis the troll , which Dennis put in he mouth to drac 's delight . grandma linda oh . so , this this place be not just for monster anymore ? dracula uh... you could say that -- johnny yeah , it 's gonna be awesome . human and monster , share the same towel and spoon . it 's a huge step for man and monsterkind ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 12 . grandma linda that 's adorable . when johnny be young he have he iguana share a cage with he parakeet . hope this end better ! johnny gonna rock it for you , drac ! do not stop believin 's ! mavis okay ! time for present ! murray alright , let 's do this boy up ! check out what I get he - bling ! wayne wow , be it curse ? murray super-curse ! only the best . straight from the cryptl drac put Dennis on the ground ... johnny . uh , he 's just start to walk , so maybe it 's heavier than -- Murray put a huge gold necklace on he . Dennis wobble and take half a step and fall , cry . mavis grab he as Murray frown . mavis okay ! okay ! I be sorry , uncle Murray . I do not think he 's ready for this . murray okay , alright , you be the mama . johnny okay , anybody ... else ? Frank and Eunice be somewhat reluctant . dracula unwrap it . eunice I hope it 's acceptable ... a small '' my first guillotine '' . Frank demonstrate ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 13 . dracula '' my first guillotine '' ! very educational ! well play , Frank ! Linda gulp . mavis grab it just before drac hand it to Dennis . mavis it 's great ! thank you ! we just have to babyproof it . mavis hand Dennis to johnny and walk around look for some rubber guard . reveal everything be babyproof , there be gate everywhere , guard on all the toy , and long rail on Dennis 's coffin / bed . mavis ( cont ’d ) johnny do you know where you put the rubber guard ? johnny ( embarrassed ) I ’1l1 look honey . johnny hand Dennis to dracula . eunice now guillotine be dangerous ? dracula she make I do this to the whole hotel . ( singsongy ) Control freak ... quick babyproofing montage in the hotel lobby , Zombie bellmen be babyproof suit of armor 's spear with soft guard . a trap door get a baby lock from mr . ghouligan . witch maids line up . Zombie bellman put soft guard on they pointy nose . in a classic mad scientist laboratory with electric wire and tube we follow a zombie carry something past a giant electric cable to a giant wall socket . he plug a giant plastic babyproof plug into vacant socket . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 14 . in a bathroom a monster guest struggle to lift a babyproof toilet seat and rip the toilet out , shoot water . the monster Guest try to use it anyway . transition : vampire growth chart indicate the boy have grow a few inch . johnny and mavis 's HOTEL suite - seven month later mavis ( 0.s. ) johnny ! come quick ! johnny be rush in with dracula . dracula what 's up ? he 's okay ? mavis be hold Dennis , over a year old , with curly red hair . mavis Dennis say he first word ! dracula he do !? mavis come on , honey - say it again . dennis bleh , bleh -bleh ! dracula be stunne . dracula I do not say bleh , bleh -bleh ! mavis we do not say you do ! dracula then where do he get that ? dennis bleh , bleh -bleh ! mavis well , maybe sometimes you say it ... dracula I only say it when I say I do not say it ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 15 . dennis bleh , bleh -bleh ! dracula okay , kid , we get it . you can talk . ( soften ) denisovich ! he sneak a peek for fang . mavis dad ... dracula just check for cavity . drac leave . mavis playfully turn to Dennis . mavis ( imitate dracula ) mavey wavey ! dennis ( giggle ) ma-ey wa-ey ! Dennis giggle . dracula zip back in to say : dracula it be you !!! growth chart wipe to : int . dennis 's bedroom - one year later Dennis be now 2 , ) still no fang . just a goofy look happy kid with a curly red afro . dracula have snuck in through the window in bat form ... dracula ( cont 'd ) denisovich ! dennis bat ? dracula turn into himself . he whisper to Dennis . dracula it 's papa drac ! cool , huh ? now , look , I be turn into a bat again ! he turn into a bat . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 16 . dennis cool ! dracula yes ! cool , like I say ! now , you try ! Dennis play act turn into a bat and flap around . dennis I be a bat !! dracula uh , I mean a real bat - dennis I be a bat ! ( make buck tooth ) fneeee ! ! dracula denisovich ... take a breath . you can really turn into a bat . start with a arm . dennis what ? dracula ( try to stay smiley ) just focus ! try ! feel the bat ! Dennis move one arm around , confuse . dracula ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's see one wing ! Dennis start to cry . dracula ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , shh ! look ! Dennis be scared . dracula lift he up . dracula ( cont 'd ) look ! you be fly ! fun ! dennis ( cry more ) no ! scare ! dracula okay , okay , please stop cry ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 17 . dracula put Dennis on a table . dracula ( cont 'd ) look ! look at I ! dracula fly into the wall , crash . Dennis still cry . dracula ( cont 'd ) look ! I be fly into the wall ! dracula crash and hurt himself repeatedly . finally Dennis laugh ! dracula keep crash . dracula ( cont 'd ) ahh , yes ! it 's funny ! Dennis 's laugh make he fall off the table . he cry louder than ever . dracula panic . he grab a vase and smashes it into he head . we hear a laugh . dracula sigh , relieved . extreme growth chart wipe to : ext . HOTEL transylvania —- present , day — sunset super : present day a mix of hearse and conventional»cars line the entrance . int . HOTEL lobby - dusk as we enter the hustling and bustling lobby we now see nearly as many S as monster guest , all dress vacationy . the lobby look the same except a little more hi-tech , there be a stand - up video display highlight activity available . dracula peek into the dining area and two grumpy aquatic looking monster , mr. and mrs . gill . dracula how you folk do tonight ? mr . gill Count dracula ! what 's with this food ? cook steak !? who would do that to steak ? dracula I be sorry , Mr. gill , you must have get a human dish . he quickly grab Mr. gill 's dish and spot a human couple struggle with a plate of food that be bite they . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 18 . dracula ( cont 'd ) I believe this be yours , Mr. perry . human husband yes , the steak . what 's this food ? it 's bite we ! dracula yes , that 's the taste menu . sorry . dracula take the taste menu dish and give it to the gill . johnny approach he . johnny drac , gotta say , human be comin 's and everybody 's digging the new activity ... they walk past a '' spin class '' ( spider theme ) . johnny ( cont 'd ) check out the spin class ... dracula if that 's what people be into ... johnny lead he into the new tv room . monster and human alike be watch a football game on one monitor . johnny watch with pride as drac force a smile . johnny and I tell you they have flip for the tv room ! on the other monitor , the ghostbuster be fight ghost . the 's laugh , but»the monster scream in horror . dracula oh , my ! I hope there be not any kid watch . johnny on it . johnny tend to some scared young monster and be berate by they mother . dracula mother ( think ) what kind of a place show kid ... that to child ? innocent oh , it 's 8 pm already ! ghost be bust ? you denisovich be up ! should be ashamed ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 19 . int . dennis 's bedroom - night dracula sneak in and watch sleep four year - old Dennis , small for he age , still goofy look with curly red hair . Dennis wake up . dracula rise and shine , my denisovich ! dennis hi papa . dracula hello , my little devil ! do you have sweet nightmare ? dennis uh huh ... I dream that I see ... that I see ... I dream that I see a stegosaurus . dracula oh , and be you drink , he blood ? dennis no . dracula just throw it out there . as Dennis continue dracula peek and poke in he mouth , take out a fang ruler , measure , mark progress in notebook . dennis . dracula ( cont 'd ) and he say that , he say uh huh .... that he have a spike tail cebause he live in tropical uh huh ... you do not say ... climate ... and cebause he live in , in the jurassic Long time ago ... yes ... period . mavis enter . mavis dad ! why do you wake he up ? dracula what do you mean ? it 's after 8 ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 20 . mavis I know , dad , but do not you remember the new sleep schedule ? he 's go to human class half the day . she indicate a very complicated sleep schedule on the wall . mavis ( cont ’d ) if he could just sleep till 2 be tonight it have be so great for he . dracula but honeydeath , why not take class with the wolfpup here aat the hotel ?! they play fun game like musical chair ! int . HOTEL lobby - flashback the pup be destroy a circle of chair as gentle music play . some smash chair over each other 's head . int . dennis 's bedroom - night mavis dad , I love the wolfpup , but I just think Dennis need to be around some kid like he . okay , dad ? ( sing to Dennis ) twinkle , twinkle little star , how I wonder what you be ... dennis ( groggy ) mommy , I be too old for lullaby ... dracula ( not listen to he ) what ? that 's not how that one go . mavis this be the way most people sing it . dracula most people ? what 's wrong with ( sing ) '' suffer , suffer , scream in pain , blood be spilling from you brain '' ? mavis daddy ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 21 . dracula come on , you know how I sing it to you ... ( sing ) Zomby dracula , mavis ( harmonize beautifully ) gnaw you like a plum , pierce cry , and you succumb . Dennis be fast asleep . dracula '' suffer , suffer , scream in pain , you will never breathe again . '' still work . he look to mavey but she 's asleep . drac smile proudly . int . HOTEL lobby - moment later the human fly , a Zombie clerk , andya grotesque monster all at the front desk . they be ignore the phone and enjoy at a photoboothy app the grotesque monster be play with on he smartphone . it distort he own face . human fly oh , my goodness , Leonard ! if you really look . that hideous , I do not think I could hang out with you !! they crack up laugh as dracula enter and admonish they . dracula guy ! what 's the deal ? be this a party ? pick up a phone ! the human fly hustle to the phone and answer it . zombie grrrnnnhhh ..! dracula I do not care if it 's a '' cool app '' ! now porridge head , do you call a hearse for the gremlinbergs ? porridge head be work on a desktop computer . dracula look at he screen , revealing a profile page with every interest list as '' brain '' : ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 22 . dracula ( cont 'd ) no ! you be check you Facebook page ! again ! johnny and the AV nerd zombie enter . johnny drac , you need social media to promote the hotel . right , clifton ? clifton ( nerdly voice ) mnnnrrrgghhhh .... johnny so , drac , I want to go through some thought I have as you human relation coordinate co - assistant . dracula sure , of course . it 's a real job . not a cheap excuse to guarantee mavis and denisovich stay here . johnny right ... so I be think . since we have so many human now , maybe , some human staff ...? dracula what ? no , no , I be not take job away from monster . we be accept but we have a long way to go . johnny I know , I be just think about a couple of place . like , maybe the lounge act ? the magician ? dracula what 's wrong with Harry Three - Eye ? johnny I do not think the human dig it . int . HOTEL lounge human and monster watch harry three - eye , a three - eye grotesque magician with wing and tentacles with tooth come out of he head . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 23 . he wear a tux jacket , bow tie and a small goatee . his assistant be another grotesque monster with a platinum wig . a monster volunteer stand on stage . harry three -eye tell I , sir , what be you card ? monster volunteer the three of spade . Harry Three - Eye reach into the monster volunteer 's body cavity and pull out the three of spade , sit on he stomach . harry three -eye be this you card , my friend ? the monster guest in the lounge applaud politely , but human be horrify . the monster volunteer nod to Harry , like '' you be good '' . Harry smugly accept the sparse applause . int . lobby - same dracula no. Harry 's great . can not blame Harry for the crowd notube hip . johnny okay ... what about Wayne ? dracula be you nut ? he 's my boy ! johnny maybe something other than tennis ? dracula he 's very knowledgeable ! johnny that 's not the problem . ext . tennis court - dusk Wayne , in tennis white , be instruct a male . wayne okay , so what you want to do be lift the racquet right on impact , so you get that nice topspin . try and hit one . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 24 . the bounce and hit the ball with he racquet . Wayne instinctively start to bark and wildly chase the ball across the court , derailing the lesson . finally catch the ball and then furiously dig a hole in the clay court . int . lobby - same dracula 's cell phone ring , startling he . dracula what be that ? what 's the noise ? it 's on I ! he start swatting at himself . johnny it 's just the cell phone I get you . clifton 's send you a text , so you can practice how to write back . drac try to press the right button to answer but with he long fingernails it 's very hard . dracula ehh ... gehhh ... it 's not do it ! johnny . I get it ... johnny find the text . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( xveading ) '' dear drac - ggnnnnggrrrggh . '' now you ._can text clifton . dracula alright , fine ! he try to text but he nail be impossible . dracula ( cont 'd ) gah ! how do you do this ? johnny it 's easy . look , I will text mavis. ( texting ) '' psyched for date night . '' see ? and now look . she texted right back . '' gotta cancel . can not leave Dennis . '' ( texting ) ( more ) ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 25 . johnny ( cont 'd ) '' be we ... never allow ... to be alone again ? I need ... to feel ... love too . '' and ... send ! dracula o-kay . all that teach I be that you be pathetic . johnny yeah . get it . maybe you should just get bluetooth . dracula okay . bluetooth , come over here ! bluetooth , a giant blue tooth , hop over with a bo sound . dracula ( cont 'd ) so now what ? ext . HOTEL - crack of dawn all be quiet . int . drac 's room - later dracula have take off he shirt and be pick out pajamas . dracula ( mutter , mock johnny ) hey dude-man , you need bluetooth ! hey dude -man , let 's fire you friend ! hey dude-man , I be a dude - man ! the shrunken head in he room call over . drac 's shrunken head yo dummy ! do not you remember why you give he this fake job ? dracula yes ! to keep they here ! dracula gargle with blood mouthwash as the shrunken head speak . drac 's shrunken head that 's right ! and what he 's do 's actually make you daughter want to stay here too . ( more ) * ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 26 . drac 's shrunken head ( cont 'd ) seein 's that you grandboy be not a monster or nothing . dracula he be a monster ! he 's just a late fanger . drac 's shrunken head mmm hmm . and I could be a hand model . yo - kid turn five ina week . and you know that if he 's not a vampire by then , it be not happen . dracula oh , it be not be not happen , baby . drac 's shrunken head yeah , well if I be you , I have let that johnny humanifize the heaven outta this place . so maybe you get a fightin’ chance of keep that little dimple - butt heresinstead of move to that crazy suburbia everyone talk about . at '' suburbia '' dracula look stunne . he immediately spin rapidly and emerge in he regular full outfit . drac 's shrunken head ( cont ’d ) what you do ? I think you be go to sleep ! dracula there 's no time ! I gotta fix this ! int . lobby - moment later mavis , herself cover with sunblock , shade , and a wide brimm hat , be walk through the empty lobby with Dennis . johnny be trail she , rub some more corpsertone sunblock ( spf 10,000 ) on she . mavis honey , just make sure to get my ear again . thanks . dracula hustle over , himself cover in sunblock and wear a umbrella tie to he head . dracula hey gang ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 27 . dennis hey papa drac ! mavis dad ! what be you do here ? dracula why ? I want to check out all the phat class my boy take in town ! I guess there 's no better place for he to grow up than right here ! mavis uh , sure , dad ! Love to have you . suddenly , winnie , now 6 year old herself , jump on Dennis and hug he , knock he down . Dennis do not mind . winnie Dennis ! I love you ! Zing ! dennis hi , winnie ! winnie I just love you yummy strawberry lock . Zing Zing ! she pull Dennis 's curly hair and flip he judo style . mavis winnie ? be not it past you bedtime ? winnie I be gonnasmarry Dennis ! Zing ! Zing ! winnie run back through doggy door . dracula he 's a pup magnet . it 's a vampire thing . ( read mavis 's face ) or not . montage music : upbeat kid 's music a la Laurie berkner or - dracula smile as mavis take he into the nearest downtown with Dennis . they walk into a place call kidboree . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 28 . - mavis and dracula sit within a circle of mommy , all hold a giant parachute over the kid . dracula obviously think it 's nut but play along , as Dennis laugh . - kid climb small rock wall . dracula start take note . - at a wildlife center , happy kide be pass a cute guinea pig around . dracula take more note . - very quick shot of dracula take more note at a music class ( kid bang tiny instrument ) , swim class ( Dennis * load up with floaty , fin and kickboard ) and a yoga class ( mommy stretch with they kid ) . - back at hotel , dracula be cheerfully show johnny all he note . johnny be try to be encourage . - johnny and dracula watch proudly as they direct mavis and Dennis . mavis hold a parachute over Dennis , the only student , as a yeti hold the rest . the yetinusneeze and absentmindedly grab the parachute like a tissue . - mavis and Dennis be in a circlesof monster and kid who be pass around a bunny . Dennis pass Wayne the bunny and he put it in he mouth , but mavis quickly stop he and dracula remove the wet animal . - Dennis climb on spike ... reveal they be on the back of a large monster . a chubby monster kid climb along but be too big . he grab hard atvone spike and it come off , spraying pus everywhere . the wolfpup charge in and wildly lick it up * off the floor . * - dracula and johnny carry Dennis over to a class mark '' yoga . '' they» reach a stretch rack that a monster kid be be stretch on . mavis enter from other side of frame and quickly take Dennis away . - dracula gently place Dennis in the pool , again load up with floaty , fin , and kickboard . all be nice when a huge monster head emerge from the water and swallow Dennis . dracula dive in and punch the monster in the head . it open he mouth and stick out he tongue with Dennis and two other scared kide sit on it . as the monster head 's monster mom berate she son for misbehave , the other kid jump out . Dennis wave up to mavis , who watch from poolside with horror . johnny smile sheepishly next to she . +e * hf int . lobby - later Dennis and other monster kide be bang at kid 's instrument and play the '' bingo '' song as mavis and johnny sing along . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 29 . dracula smile . they be playfully conduct by phantom of the opera , they teacher . mavis , johnny and dennis phantom there be a farmer have a dog more passion !! I want to and bingo be he name - o feel the farmer 's pain ! b-i- n-g-o , b-i-n-g-o , feeel the music !! mavis , johnny and dennis b-i-n-g-o and the old gremlin lady suddenly eat Dennis 's toy piano . Dennis look confuse . old gremlin lady I do not do that . moment later - Dennis be in another area as johnny and mavis be help he plan he party . we hear phantom continue play the bingo song on the organ in a dirge- like arrangement . dracula catch up . dennis and he could be climb , the cake ! johnny I like that , little man ! like he 's climb a building ! dracula hey , uh , do not see you guy leave the phantom 's class . what 's up ? mavis oh ; we just want to talk about Dennis 's birthday party ! dracula oh ! so much fun ! mavis Dennis want a special hero on he cake , right ? who wear a cape and climb wall ?! dracula ( smile ) oh , really ?! and who be this hero ? dennis batman ! ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 30 . dracula ( surprised ) bat ...man ? what 's he deal ? johnny uh , Dennis be get into superhero now . dennis batman 's a superhero cebause he have all this cool weapon and the , and the batmobile and cebause he climb wall and he fight bad guy . dracula okay...superhero ... but why not have a real hero like ... okay , forget I for a moment , how about the mummy ? the mummy can crash through wall , and turn into a swarm of beetle , and put a curse on anyone ! dennis that sound mean ! dracula it 's fun mean ! mavis it 's really not a positive role model , dad . johnny yeah , costume can reinforce good behavior too . and it do not have to be superhero . see , you could also dress as a teacher , or a volunteer at a animal shelter . dracula okay , please stop . if I be not dead , I would kill myself right now . what 's the matter , he 's not allow to like monster ?! dennis I love monster ! video ! johnny oh ! you want to show papa drac you monster video upstairs ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 31 . dracula yes , yes ! let 's see ! int . mavis and johnny 's live room - later everyone wait eagerly as johnny put a dvd into they tv . johnny this guy 's he favorite . cakey the cake monster , who be muppety and sickeningly elmo - sweet , grab a huge cake . cakey wheeee ! cakey one happy monster ! cakey love cake ! yummy ! tummy get a tummy ache ! Dennis laugh . dracula whoa , whoa , whoa . how is»that . a monster ? cakey have some cake , wuzzlelumplebum ! wuzzlelumplebum , another cute animal - like monster , be give some cake and make a funny noise to say it 's delicious . cakey ( cont 'd ) remember , kid , a real monster always share ! dracula share ... yes ! when I think monster - I think share ! what kind of stupid crap be you show this kid ? why do not you just drive a stake through my heart ? Dennis be shocked . he run off cry . mavis Dennis ! dracula it 's fine , he have to cry sometimes to learn not to cry . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 32 . mavis dad , he 's practically 5 already . please let this vampire thing go . you can not just make somebody something they be not ! dracula leave . his shrunken head shake he head . drac 's shrunken head yeah , you do it now . girl get one fang out the door . dracula wave he hand quickly and suddenly the shrunken head be frame by dart all around . drac 's shrunken head ( cont ’d ) oh , okay . int . dracula's bedroom - moment later dracula skulk back in , and walk over to martha 's picture . there 's also a picture of mavis with Dennis . dracula be I really go to lose they , martha ? I do not think i»could bear it if they leave I . I have feel so alone . I try to humanificate ... humanifize .. sswhat 's the word ? wahtever it be , it 's not help ! I be tell you , that boy , it 's in there ! he belong here ! if I could just get some real grampa time ... I know I could get that fang out of he by he birthday ... grampa time .. drac get a idea . dracula ( cont 'd ) for we ... couple time ... for they ! he know it 's dishonest , so he turn around martha 's pic . dracula ( cont 'd ) forgive I honey ... you do not need to hear this . okay ... call the guy . he pull out he smartphone and struggle again to dial it . dracula ( cont 'd ) D - aaaahhhh ! ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 33 . drac 's shrunken head cut they nail , kitty cat ! dracula shaddup ! int . sauna - later dracula , frankenstein , griffin , Wayne , Murray and the blob be all together shvitze . dracula be pace . frankenstein thanks for invite , drac . it 's a nice break from my book tour . griffin yeah , I be hang at wimbledon . just to be see . murray I be suppose to be open my restaurant with Bruce jenner , but hey , can not say no to anvall - pay vacation . dracula yeah , well , for you guy , it 's not exactly a vacation . we get to help my grandson . griffin what ? what about all that '' we have not hang out '' stuff ? dracula that be batpoop ! look , he 's get a week to become a vampire ! otherwise I do not know , mavis might move he to johnny 's home in Santa Claus ! wayne it 's Santa Cruz . dracula Santa whatever , he can not live there ! we get to change this kid ! frankenstein hey you know who could fix he in a snap ? vlad . ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 34 . dracula what ? we do not need to call vlad . we can do this on we own . we 'il take he to all we old haunt and show he each of we special power , so he learn how to become a ( drop he voice ) monster . I can not talk loud ... do not want human to hear . a old naked male human cross past they . murray yike ! that 's the most disgusting thing I have ever see ! blob ( jibberish ) subtitle : if my butt ever get that jiggly , kill I . dracula I know . it 's a freak show around here . okay , so listen up . first we get to convince mavis to go ona vacation , so that we can -- the monster be still transfix by the Old man . dracula ( cont 'd ) come on ! focus here ! dude , put a towel on ! no one can think ! the Old man look puzzle . rising mist dissolve to : ext . brunch buffet - night a lavish moonlight barbecue by the dining area . some hideous monster with hairy thick body be hula dance in skirt and coconut bras . dracula be barbecue with apron '' Dark Prince of the Grill '' . hover at a nearby table be johnny , mavis , Dennis , Frank , Eunice , Murray , griffin , Wayne , and wanda . eunice wow , this be so lavish , drac , what 's the occasion ? dracula oh , no occasion , I just could tell mavis miss you all . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 35 . frankenstein awww ... that 's nice ... always think of he daughter . murray and the Hawaiian theme . what a dad ! mavis do not quite get the big gesture but smile anyway . dracula oh , I do not know , that trip be a happy memory for mavy . who 's ready for more spam ? Frank ? dracula slice spam off of a large , squarish spam monster who happily oblige . frankenstein you know it ! dracula hold still , spammy ! wayne hey , mavis , honey , do not Dennis want to sit at the kid 's table ? CUT to the wolfpups - eat furiously from a enormous BOWL serve by a Zombie . mavis guard Dennis from the havoc . mavis oh , no , Dennis can not eat from they bowl . it 's not - I be sure they do not have raby . Dennis have allergy . dracula you know , it 's stressful be a mommy , be not it mavy ? murray oh , of sho . crazy stress . mavis I would not say that , it 's joyful -- as she speak winnie jump over from the bowl . winnie you like my dress , Dennis ? dennis uh huh . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 36 . winnie I wear it for you ! Zing Zing ! winnie tackle Dennis , lick he like a dog as mavis freak . Dennis giggle , it tickle . mavis Holy rabies ! wanda winnie ? down , sweetie ! wanda calmly spray winnie with a water bottle . wanda ( cont ’d ) awww , honey , you really be tense . dracula really ? you think she be ? wanda you should get one of this stress toy , they really help regulate you . wanda produce a stress toy -— a live , scream scraggly monster whose eye pop out for real when wanda squeeze he . johnny whoa ! that 's not rubber ..? stress toy I be cool with it . dracula you. know , , wanda , now that you mention stress ... mavis actually , dad , you mention it . dracula ... I be think , what if this two do something for themselves ? frankenstein you mean like , say , go on a little vacation ? dracula oh , that 's interesting . you mean make more great memory like Hawaii here ? and get a little alone time . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 37 . eunice yes ! that be exactly what you need . frankenstein wink at dracula . Eunice be all wound up now . dracula flip frankenstein more spam . eunice ( cont 'd ) you be too wrap up in the kid , honey , and it 's a little scary . honey , go for it . do not forget the coupling . wayne wanda and I always make sure we get alone time from the kid . mavis really ? wanda it 's true . every day at 6 before bedtime . we lock ourselves in the closet for 30 second . as Wayne speak , there be a couple of baby pup hang on to he ear by they tooth . wayne do not matter how hard they kick the door , that time be for we . griffin I hear you guy . I and my lady , we love we alone time . frankenstein ah , right , you '' girlfriend '' . murray the one from Canada ? griffin hey , she 's invisible . that 's the only reason you guy have not see she . johnny ( to mavis ) you know , we have not go away since before we get marry . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 38 . mavis I know . it would be nice ... wait , what about Dennis ? I can not leave he . dracula oh , right ! darn , I guess you can not do it . dracula look to the guy for they cue . they be all busy eat spam . the pup on Wayne 's head steal he , eat it . dracula ( cont 'd ) yup , you can not go on the trip . right , guy ? exasperate , he subtley mind control Eunice , who blurt out : eunice honey , you dad could take care of Dennis ! dracula whuhhh ? who , I ? that 's not my ulterior motive at all} ! johnny . she 's right ! you just need a little prep , know what vitamin he get . dracula oh , I do not know if I could handle that ? mavis dad , you do a pretty great job raise I . dracula well , if you say so . johnny come on , mavis ... it 's a good idea .. let 's get that zing back . I miss we . johnny do the pouty face . mavis how can I resist that ? dracula hooooray ! yes !!! you be go !! I mean ... whatever . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 39 . wanda so where ya gonna go ? dracula let 's see , you still have not see Paris , Florence ... Tokyo 's nice this time of year - mavis you know what I have really love to see ? where johnny grow up . dracula do a insanely long spit take from he disgusting chunky drink . after a while , CUT to the other side of the powerful stream - the wolf pup be happily lap it up while get spray hard . ext . HOTEL lobby - night mavis and johnny wave goodbye and get imto hearse to the airport . mavis ( cont ’d ) ( to drac ) so it 's roll oat with apricot , the aveeno moisturizer after every bath , and ... dracula and then thesshea butter on he tush before he pjs . and then 20 minute with the nebulizer while I read he learn Factory phonic book to he -- mavis and you remember how to video chat ? dracula yes , yes , with the phone . mavis thanks for try so hard dad . I be just gonna miss he so much . I love you , Dennis . dennis I love you ! mavis now go back to sleep after we leave ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 40 . dracula i‘1l tell he mavy wavy storey every night before bed . mavis ( hugging drac ) you be the best . I love you . dracula now be you sure about go to this California ? you know , in borneo right now there 's the annual toss of the tuna . mavis we be good , dad . johnny ( hugging dracula ) I love you , drac ! dracula yes , yes ... with the love johnny . will you hug my backpack ? dracula no . they get in the hearse and drive away . Dennis reach up for dracula . dennis mmmm. ..bed. dracula uh , yes , we will get to the bed , we all love the bed . but we be just gonna do one thing first ... another hearse pull up . frankenstein , Wayne , Murray , griffin and the blob rush toward it , all carry lot of luggage . frankenstein be it short weather where we be go ? murray geez , I hope not , I woulda pack my ankle sock . * ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 41 . dracula whatever . where 's griffin ? griffin be by the entrance hold up two glass of champagne . griffin I be just say goodbye to Emily . wayne oh , brother . griffin ( girl voice ) I be gonna miss you , so much ! ( he voice ) you have to be strong , honey . because what we have be unbreakable . he start make ridiculous kissing sound . murray ( aside ) okay , I gotta call he on this ... dracula just let he play it out . ( to griffin ) okay , you two lovebird ! drink you champagne and let 's get go . griffin oh .... okay ... he awkwardly pour champagne into he mouth while the other glass spill to the floor . frankenstein we can not say nothing about this ? dracula no ! wayne he 's drag this out . I be try to get out of here before my kid see I with a suitcase . suddenly the wolfpup charge in and grab onto Wayne , try to pull he back in to the hotel . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 42 . wayne ( cont ’d ) I ’1ll be back soon ! daddy 's not go far !... see , now we be never get out of here . dracula ( hypnosis mode ) there 's a mouse on the end of you tail ! suddenly , all the wild wolfpup start run in circle , chase they tail endlessly . wayne man , I wish I could do that . ext . HOTEL lobby - moment later dracula and the monster and Dennis pack into the hearse . dracula and he long nail struggle with Dennis 's car seat . dracula how do you do this stupid carseat ? frankenstein you gotta cut that nail , man . wayne we just strap we kid down with duck tape . the blob jump in and squish everyone inside the hearse . blob glurrbleebloo . murray ( muffle ) yeah , that be not happen . dracula ( muffle ) Fine , put he on the rascal . let 's get go . a zombie bellman hook a rascal scooter to the side of the hearse and the blob slide on . the hearse take off quickly and the blob nearly slip off but ride alongside . dennis where we go , papa drac ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 43 . dracula oh , denisovich , we be go to have a adventure ! a monstery adventure ! dennis yay ! monster ! we be gonna eat cake ? wayne what would he say ? dracula no , no cake on this monster trip ! dennis no cake cebause too much cake make tummy ache ! yay ! a monster always share ! griffin wow . frankenstein we may need more than a week . dracula eh , you see , denisovich , monster be nice just like you ... but when the moon come out , the real monster fun begin - be scary ! right , guy ? on radio , a current girly pop hit be play and the monster all sing along to it . dracula ( cont 'd ) guy ! guy ! dracula shut off the radio . dracula ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with you ? frankenstein come on , everybody like that song . dracula we be not everybody ! we be scary monster , remember ? dracula put a CD into the car 's player . griffin what be you put in ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 44 . dracula it 's a audio book . bigfoot 's autobiography . he read it himself . bigfoot ( v.0 . ) grrrrrhhhhh ... rrrrhhnnngggghhh ... frankenstein aw , come on . dracula it 's educational ! do you know he be bear in Pittsburgh ? they continue to listen to the growl as Dennis fall asleep again . reveal the blob be still happily listen to the pop song on he headphone in the adjoin rascal . ext . airport runway - sunset a AIR transylvania plane land on a runway . ext . santa cruz - night meanwhile , johnny and mavis be get into a rental car and * drive off . * johnny gotta admit , it 's cool that we be all here together . mavis all ? johnny yeah , I and you and my backpack . * the backpack be in the back seat with a seatbelt on . mavis marvel at the mountain outside , but then check she phone . * mavis wow . this be gonna be amazing . I want to see everything you do grow up ! johnny sure , we can even hit a few spot on the way to my parent . mavis lemme just quickly call home ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 45 . johnny whoa ... it 's only 1 be there . Dennis be not even up yet . mavis right . I be sorry , johnny . I be just not use to be away from he . johnny everything 's gonna be cool . you dad be so all over it ! mavis I know . he 's the best . ext . rural road - night dracula direct griffin to turn into a dirt road . Dennis be napping and bounce from the bump . dracula right turn here . denisovich , rise and shine ! boy , this bring back any memory ? boy ?? frankenstein pull off he headphone . he , Murray and Wayne be all watch and enjoy '' the Big bang Theory '' . frankenstein sorry , what ? dracula guy ! we use to prowl around here when we be in we 100' ! the Dark Forest of . slobozia ! the dirt road give way to a neatly manicure park . some late night dog WALKER human be powerwalk in yoga pants under the bright street lamp . Dennis giggle . frankenstein Nice how they build it up . dracula ok , leave turn ! this 'il be good , Frank ... the old windmill ! we hangout ! I suck my first blood here . should be right ... the car slow down . the iconic windmill be now a sleek modern wind turbine . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 46 . murray cool ! sustainable energy ! wayne more cost efficient and safer for mother Earth ! dracula okay , out of the car ! denisovich . you be go to see every monster do he specialty . first , Frank 's gonna show we how he scare people ! dennis yay ! he 's gonna say , '' boo ! '' dracula yeah , I do not think '' boo '' 's ever work . but that 's why we be here , to learn from the master ! frankenstein ' kay , I ‘'1l give it a shot . frankenstein rear back to scare a couple of jogger who recognize he . jogger # 1 hey ! frankenstein ! frankenstein hey , how you doin’ . jogger # 2 you be awesome ! can we take a picture ? be that okay ? frankenstein sure . okay .. little selfie action ? dracula for real ? jogger # 1 selfies a pic with the three of they . frankenstein make a goofy face . jogger # 1 ha , ha . awesome . thank you so much ! frankenstein have a great day ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 47 . dennis boo ! jogger ( laugh ) oh ...he 's adorable ! dracula swig from a bottle of '' crypt-o-bismol - 100 % acid '' dracula adorable . here come the ulcer . int . forest - moment later the car pull into a deep woodsy area . dracula this be good ! stop here ! they have all climb out of the hearse into the woodsiest area leave around there . dracula ( cont 'd ) okay , Wayne , it 's you turn . go kill something . denisovich , watch this . wayne what ?? dracula what do you mean , what ? we talk about this in the spa , remember ? wayne I just remember that saggy old naked guy . dracula I tell you !! come on ! if we do not inspire denisovich how 's he go to find he inner monster ? dennis papa , who 's in a monster ? dracula whuh ? no , no , you inner monster . wayne why can not we just call vlad ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 48 . dracula vlad 's not gonna happen . dennis what 's a vlad ? dracula nothing . just , here , have a avocado . dennis yay ! dracula ( smile but disgust ) it 's from '' mother Earth '' ! dracula dig into Dennis 's tote bag of food and supplies and hand he a avocado , which Dennis peel and slice correctly . Dennis show Frank the slice , offer some . Frank take the pit in the middle and chew it . wayne first of all , you need to dial it down . second of all , I be not kill any people . I be not gonna set monster back again» just to make you kid like vampire . and thirdly , there 's nothing to kill here ! it 's all be -- coyote ( 0.c. ) ow-o00 ! a coyote be visible - in the distance . dracula glare at Wayne . coyote ( cont 'd ) ow -o00 ! wayne ( sigh ) great . you know , I have not do this in year . we do not need to kill coyote anymore . we have pop tart . dracula denisovich , you be go to love this . Wayne 's go to eat that whole coyote . Wayne , go ! Wayne approach the coyote and see two more , also howling . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 49 . wayne oh , man ... I be too old for this . okay ... how 's it go again , ow -o00 ? no , that 's for the moon . I growl . that 's it -- growl , growl , pounce . okay , here go . growl !!! the coyotes growl back fiercely and Wayne bolt . wayne ( cont ’d ) forget it ! the coyotes head toward Wayne . wayne ( cont ’d ) oh , you gotta be kid I . Wayne run back to the hearse . Dennis laugh really hard . dracula hey ! where you go ? wayne the other way . everyone dive into the hearse with he as the coyote run closer . the blob dive into he scooter . dracula where 's Frank ? Frank dive in last , crush everyone inside the hearse . frankenstein ( screeching ) hit it ! go ! they be gonna get we ! griffin drive away as the coyote try to chase the hearse . dracula ( mock ) '' hit it ! go ! they be gonna get we ! '' and you - some werewolf . do you really say the word '' growl '' ? wayne I say I be rusty ! dracula you be a werewussy . Dennis laugh hard again . so do griffin and Murray . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 50 . griffin hahaha . werewussy ! what a burn . suddenly a coyote jump on the hood of the hearse . everyone scream , except for Dennis , who laugh hysterically . dennis coyote want to come with we ! griffin swerve the hearse . it cause the blob 's rascal scooter to separate and it fly off the road and fall over a cliff . everyone be quiet for a moment . dracula he ’1ll be okay . he 's blobby . alright , turn here ! griffin make a sudden right turn . ext . santa cruz - night johnny and mavis drive through a beautiful street . mavis this place be so amazing and scenic ! what do you want to show I first ? johnny mnn...hard to pick .. I do so many thing here okay , wanna see the tree where I get my first concussion ? mavis yes ! wait - what 's that place ? johnny slow down ... mavis have spot a minimart . int . minimart —- moment later mavis be hold up various bag of potato chip and quiz the iranian cashier . mavis so you be tell I that I can pick between all this different kind of chip ? cashier yes . ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 51 . mavis how do people decide ?? the cashier shrug . mavis ( cont ’d ) whoa ! now , what 's that thing that look like a emerald ? CUT to : mavis drink a deep red slurpee - like drink - she drink it in second . mavis ( cont ’d ) johnny ! have you try this slurpée ? johnny not ... that quickly . mavis it come in 48 flavor ! we have to try they all ! johnny uh , I do not know if we have time . mavis why ? this place be open all night ! right ? cashier yes . CUT to : twenty minute later , mavis hover over a few dozen empty slurpe . as she smile , we see she tooth be rainbow color . she be scratch off a lottery ticket with a quarter . mavis oh , johnny , this place be so much fun ... she read the ticket ... mavis ( cont ’d ) it say '' try again ! '' johnny , I get to try again ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 52 . johnny awesome ... ext . cemetery - moment later everyone be out of the hearse again . dracula now we get something ! they can not mess with the old cemetery ! you like the cemetery , Dennis ? dennis this be where all the bad guy go ! after batman get they ! dracula oooh , yes , yes ! but wait till you see what a mummy can do ! murray ... what can I do ? dracula be you kid I ? be anyone not look at the wrinkly naked guy ?! dennis someone be naked ?! dracula ( shifting sweetly to Dennis ) yes ! and he have a very saggy tushy ! Dennis laugh hard . dracula milk it . dracula ( cont 'd ) saggy tushy ! saggy tushy ! wayne please do not remind we ! dracula okay . so , in the cemetery - Murray 's go to conjure up some dead people and make they alive again ! murray oh , no . there 's people bike . dracula do it . say you little spell . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 murray I only use that spell to get hot 53 . look dead chick ! I do not even know who 's in this place ! dracula I get a week here , man ! help I out ! Murray sign and chant with dramatic egyptian pantomime . suddenly a pair of ghost rise from the cemetery . they be the lowenthals ( mel brook , and Martin short as he wife ) , a elderly jewish couple with thick accent . mr . lowenthal hello ? can I help you ? murray Excuse I ? mr . lowenthal you want something ? what have you wake I for ? murray hi , I be sorry to bother you . dracula here want I to do it . mrs . lowenthal oh , so , dracula ? you do whatever dracula say ? mr . lowenthal you see the sign ? Rest in peace ? I look like I be rest now ? you sense any peace ? dracula look , denisovich ! look at this scary ghost Murray set upon the world !! the lowenthal wave weakly at Dennis . dennis they be nice . mr . lowenthal do you wake the kid up , too ? murray ( to ghost ) I be really sorry . we will leave . do ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 54 . mr . lowenthal no , it 's alright . I be up now . so how 's thing ? murray um ... you know . good . we be just pass through . dennis I be a superhero !! mr . lowenthal enjoy it . someday you will be dead . who 's the big one ? frankenstein hi , I be frankenstein . mrs . lowenthal frankenstein . do not we know a frankenstein ? mr . lowenthal what temple ? dracula alright ! I do not get time for this ! just go back to sleep ! mr '' lowenthal now ? once I be up , forget it ! suddenly other similar old ghost slowly rise in anger . old , .ghost dracula what 's all the noise ? I be ( to the other ) have a good dream . all the oh , boy ... listen , guy , let 's yapping wake I ! I be sorry . I just back away slowly ... do not know you . I be Ted they 'il never notice , they be firestone , I die two year old . ago . be it painless ? etc. they back away slowly and then suddenly take off , unnotice , as the ghost continue . old ghost I be never gonna get back to sleep now . same with I ! people should not be allow here after 10 . ( then ) who start this ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 55 . ( beat ) ext . park johnny be mr . lowenthal it be that guy ! ghost let 's get ‘em ! mr . lowenthal ( drop energy ) eh. old ghost ( drop energy ) it 's late . what be you gonna do . they be too far away already . I be tell I should not run . anybody get bury with some cookie ? - frisbee golf course - later set up some light and hand mavis a frisbee . mavis you say this place be better than that mini-mart place ? johnny oh , yeah . nothin 's beat my old frolf course - frisbee golf to the layman . yeah , i_set the club record here back in two thousand four -- mavis tosses» the frisbee straight into the first basket . via mind control , it» then fly to the next , and the next , and so on until all mine have be hit . johnny be stunne . mavis that be fun ! oh , hey , it 's after 3 in transylvania - I be gonna check on Dennis , okay ? johnny ( polite ) awesome . int . hearse - moment later Dennis be asleep on dracula 's lap . frankenstein be eat a large fruit roll -up from Dennis 's snack bag . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 56 . griffin okay , so where next ? how about the old inn where I become invisible ? dracula Nah , that 's boring . with all due respect . next stop be - dracula 's phone ring . dracula ( cont 'd ) oh no ...oh no ... it 's mavis ! wayne you gotta answer it . dracula be struggle with he fingernails again . murray you be push too hard . lighter ! dracula all right ! who 's get denisovich ? griffin I get he ! he put sunglass on the sleep boy and hold he up . ext . park - frisbee golf course - continuous mavis see a signal on she video chat and finally dracula . mavis dad ! what» take so long ? intercut with dracula in the car . he hold the phone close so that mavis can not see he 's in a car . dracula what ? nothing , mavy ! we be all great here . how be you ? mavis um , everything 's fine . be Dennis okay ? dracula of course ! you want to see he ? mavis yes ! yes I do ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 57 . dracula show mavis Dennis . mavis ( cont ’d ) hi baby ! how be you ? griffin move Dennis ' arm , weekend at bernie 's style , make it appear he 's awake . griffin also do Dennis 's voice . griffin mommy ! I happy ! mavis I miss you ! why be he wear sunglass ? dracula oh , we be play ... it 's a superhero thing ! griffin I be a superhero !! mavis oh , okay . which one , honey ! griffin uh ... sunglass man ! mavis oh , ho ... yow be so cute . griffin cebause I be sunglass man to the rescue ! he make Dennis look like he 's try to fly . dracula ( aside to griffin ) okay , take it down a notch . mavis you sound funny . dracula that 's he sunglass man voice he 's be do it all night . ( fake a bad signal ) chhhhh ... the signal be bad . mavis okay , sunglass man , remember what every superhero eat to get strong ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 58 . griffin roll oat with apricot ! mavis yay ! dracula chhhh ... chhhhhh ... mavis be you there ? static ...static ... mavis yeah , I be still ... dracula disappear from the screen . he have hang up , fake a disconnect . mavis ( cont ’d ) alright , I guess he 's have fun . johnny course he be . she sigh with some relief . int . hearse - moment later griffin oh , yeah ! naile it with the sunglass man ! threw a cebause in there - dracula you gotta be kid I . now superhero eat roll oat ? frankenstein if , it 's anything like this fruit rollup ... dracula she look happy up there , do not she ? she 's gonna wanna move ! we gotta fix this kid ! okay , so , next stop - drac pull out he cell phone again . dracula ( cont 'd ) someone turn on the navigator on this thing . Murray manipulate the navigator . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 59 . murray look how light I touch it . navigator ( creepy Peter lorre voice ) please enter you destination ! pleeease ! I be begging you ! ext . lake - later johnny be waterskieng wildly , go up and down like a dolphin . the lake be light up nicely from the moon . johnny whoa ! oh yeah ! this be how I roll every summer ! they do not call I weird dolphin guy for nothing ! CUT to : johnny now drive the boat . johnny ( cont / D ) look good out there . mavis , in bat form , be on tiny waterskis with the rope handle in she mouth , fly and do amazing flip . mavis waterskieng 's so much fun ! johnny yeah . not sure that 's technically waterskieng . we should hit my folk place , I , say we would be there by now . mavis switch back into human form . mavis sure ! hey , johnny ... I gotta say , I love Santa Claus . what a awesome place to grow up . imagine this for Dennis . johnny oh ... what ? this ? I do not know about '' awesome '' . maybe '' tubular '' ... but not as awesome as the hotel . mavis be not so sure . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 60 . int . hearse - later everyone be asleep except dracula and Dennis , who be laugh , and griffin , who drive . dennis who have a bigger tushy , Frank or Murray ? dracula oh , boy , that 's a tough one . I have say Frank 's be bigger , but Murray 's may be mushier . do that make sense ? dennis Murray 's tushy be mushy ! dracula that 's my guess . unless , who know what 's under that wrapping , maybe it 's not be all tushy . Dennis laugh more . dracula ( cont 'd ) maybe there 's a large duck under there . right next to he tushy . Dennis laugh , then quack . the Navigator interrupt , in a creepy , hyperexcite and tense Peter lorre-ish voice . navigator ( v.o. ) right turn ! now !! here !! you imbecile ! ! dracula oh , right ! turn , griffin ! griffin yes , papa drac . dracula yeah . this be gonna be good , denisovich . scary stuff . wait and see fella , this camp will bring the fang out of anyone . navigator ( v.0o . ) you have arrive at you destination !! yes ! yes !! small tent be set up in the wood they be drive though . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 61 . dracula here we be ! wake up , guy ! it 's the vampire summer Camp I go to as a kid ! wayne what 's it , Camp vamp ? dracula no ! who name they camp Camp vamp ? it 's Camp winnepacaca . ext . camp ground - moment later we monster be walk through the camp area . little vampire kide be everywhere , run and play . dracula ( cont 'd ) you see denisovich , this be where I learn to catch mouse , and shape shift , and use my incredible power and strength ! pretty cool , huh ? dennis badminton ! he excitedly point to a bunch of vampire kid play badminton . as drac look around , every activity appear harmless . some kid be play tetherball , other be actually sing . dracula yes . I do not remember this badmint . ah , come over this way ! dracula find his.old bunk and walk inside . dracula ( cont 'd ) check it out . this be the bunk I sleep in ! and look -- he walk over to a tiny coffin . dracula ( cont 'd ) denisovich ! this be the coffin I would sleep in ! dennis it 's small cebause you be small ! dracula yes !! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 62 . frankenstein how do you know it 's yours ? they all look the same . dracula this be the one . you know what they say , a vampire never forget . wayne I think that be a elephant . suddenly the camp director , a young , new age vampire with a gentle , voice , approach . camp director well , well , be this a night ? how ya doin 's folk , I be dana , the director . dracula how be you ? camp director we be sure excited to have all you legend visit . murray can you believe it , dracula say he find he old bunk ! camp director oh sure ! he 's famous for that one ! dana show they huge pee stain on old bunk . camp director ( cont ’d ) yessir , that 's a bigger landmark at camp than the flagpole . Dennis be laugh hysterically . dennis papa peepee ! griffin ha ! papa peepee . that 's a keeper . camp director oh , dear , we do not go for the nickname here . kid only get positive reinforcement . now , what can we do you for ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 63. dracula I be very interested in send my grandboy denisovich here . camp director ( puzzle but polite ) oh ! this little ... red head ... non - fangy lil 's guy ? dracula oh , they be in there . he 's a late fanger . can you show we some of the drill , like where they catch the mouse ? camp director can do . course , now we call it tee- mouse . ext . field - moment later the Camp director have bring them»allto a tee-ball version of mice-eate . mice be on a tee instead of be catch in the wild . the kid run up one at a time and grab the mouse . dracula so they do not have to catch the mouse ? camp . director nope . we find this be a good way to build they confidence . one kid be have trouble get the mouse . dracula it 's right there ! kid grab the mouse and run off . dana hokey pokey . wanna mouse , Dennis ? dennis yeah ! camp director any allergy , color restriction ? dracula he can eat a mouse ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 64 . a counselor bring out a big bowl of mouse and the kid all reach into it and grab mouse to eat . camp director not too many ! remember , kid , a vampire always share ! dracula share . again with the share . be you hearing this , fella ? fellas ? the other monster be play badminton with camper . frankenstein what ? yeah , sound great ! frankenstein slam the birdie right in a kid 's face . everyone laugh as dracula steam . ext . field - later dracula see a 200 foot tall rickety old diving tower . dracula ah , there it be , denisovich , where papa learn to fly ! dennis ooh , I wanna fly ! Pan to reveal the tower be guard off . dana ah , yeah ... we be over here now . vampire kid with instructor be line up to jump off a four foot high tower . all be wear helmet and pad . some jump off and retain the pad even when they turn to bat . dana ( cont 'd ) have to scale it down . insurance . the last vampire kid jump and fail , swinging on the rope . in background we hear : vampire kid help I . help I . instructor I will get you down , grigor . dracula be silent and furious . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 65 . dana ho-key pokey . see ya at the campfire ? ext . johnny' parent 's house - later that night a nice woodsy neighborhood in Northern California . int . family room - same grampa Mike and grandma Linda be greeting johnny and mavis . grandma linda well , gosh , welcome , you two . this be such a lovely surprise . mavis well , I have always want to see johnny 's home . grandma linda well , here you be ! now , how do it work , be you up all»night , and sleep all day ? or can you join we for breakfast , like people would ? johnny . yeah ... mavis ...? mavis oh , I be gonna try and sleep tonight . grandma linda good ! cuz I buy like the 150 sunblock for you ... she produce a huge bottle of 150 spf sunblock and a poncho . grandma linda ( cont ’d ) and I have a sunhat , but otherwise this poncho if you want to be safe . grampa mike we can figure that out in the morning , Linda . grandma linda okay ...ooh , listen ... do you hear what we put on the stereo for you ? '' thriller '' be play . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 66 . mavis I be sorry ... that be ...? grampa mike Linda , please do not . Linda start zombie-dancing as she sing along . grandma linda it 's close to midnight , and something evil 's lurking in the dark -- Mike , help I . mavis smile but look at johnny confuse . johnny cringe . grandma linda ( cont 'd ) maybe that one 's before you time . oh , wait , you be a hundred twenty something ! mavis I just never hear current music grow up in transylvania . grandma linda yeah . transylvania . that be a fun experience . Mike be afraid he have get eat and I tell he he be be silly . but , now , you just may fall in loveswith Santa Cruz . mavis oh , I do love it ! johnny looks»stressed and make a unintelligible sound . grandma linda oh , and especially for little Dennis not be a monster and all , it 's very kid friendly . doorbell ring . grandma linda ( cont ’d ) oh , there they be . you know , we have a couple of mix family in the neighborhood , so I think I would invite they over . they might be nice for you guy to talk to . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 67 . int . kitchen - moment later grandma Linda enter with two couple , caren and pandragora , who 's a freaky - look but chill monster with a stoner accent . grandma linda hi , caren , hi pandragora . caren welcome , mavis ! as pandragora speak he casually grab and eat fly insect . pandragora yeah , you be gonna dig it here ! do not even worry , people be totally cool with the intermarriage thing . caren oh , pandragora . ( cheerful aside to mavis ) he do not read people very well . not everybody be '' totally cool '' . the next couple walk in , loretta and paul , who 's super hairy with a scraggly beard . grandma linda oh , hey yousguy ! and this be Loretta , she 's marry to Paul , who 's a werewolf . paul Excuse I ? grandma linda yes . I be tell mavis about the other monster / human couple in town . paul I be not a werewolf . grandma linda oh ... I think ... well , you be welcome to stay and have some cupcake ! Paul turn and leave bitterly , along with he wife . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 68 . grandma linda ( cont ’d ) anyone else ? I make they special for mavis . the cupcake 's frosting be a gross eyeball design . mavis smile politely . johnny 's brother brett enter with cozy , a sweet cocker spaniel who gently kiss johnny . BRETT we be back from the senior home ! johnny cozy ! how 's my sweet girl ? cozy see mavis and attack she , pounce bark and nip crazily . johnny ( cont 'd ) whoa ! cozy , no ! johnny pull cozy off . grandma linda oh , dear , I forget , cozy have a monster phobia . just hate they . cozy dive onto pandragora , who be not faze . pandragora ah , that 's cool . I get it . grandma linda we better tie she up . and to think she 's a therapy dog ! brett take cozy away , still bark at mavis , who maintain she force smile . cozy burst loose and go nut in the distance . paul ( 0.c. ) aaugh ! I say I be not a werewolf ! ext . night sky - same pan down to reveal a campfire . all the little vampire kid be sing around it , lead by dana on guitar . vampire kide vampire will be friend forever through the century together even in the brightest sunny weather ( more ) ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 69 . vampire kide ( cont 'd ) vampire will be friend forever lit-er-al-ly forever ( hand in the air ) yay !!! camp director great job , vampire , give yourselves a hug ! as the kid hug themselves , reveal Murray and frankenstein sit in the circle hugging themselves as when . dracula walk over and nudge they . dracula we be go . frankenstein what ? where ? ext . tower - moment later as we hear another campfire song in the distance , dracula climb the tower hold Dennis as»the other follow . murray why be we do this ? dracula you would rather be listen to that putrid new song ? what happen to '' Michael row , you Corpse ashore '' ? or '' kill - baya '' ? ( sing ) someone 's ooze pus , my lord ... kill -baya ... frankenstein we should not be up here , drac . dracula who 's ready to fly ? dennis me! I ! like a superhero ! frankenstein this thing be rickety , maybe the kid be not suppose to fly -- they have reach the top of the tower . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 70 . dracula quiet ! this be how they learn . you throw they and they figure it out . it 's how my father teach I ! dennis I wanna fly now ! dracula attabat ! you know papa 's right here if you need he ! griffin remove he glass . griffin I can not watch this . murray please do not . dracula here ... we ...... go ! dracula toss smile Dennis off the tower . everyone be horrify except for beam , calm dracula . we hear Dennis . dennis ( 0.c2 ) wheeeeeeeeee ! dracula remain calm . , the other start take peek . frankenstein he 's still , not fly . dracula he will . dennis ( 0.c. ) ( slightly more distant ) wheeeeeee ! wayne still not . dracula it ‘’ll happen . beat . a very faint '' wheeee '' . frankenstein this be a tall tower . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 71 . dracula that 's why it 's good . murray you should get he . wayne he 's gonna fall to he death . dracula he 's take he time . we can hear Dennis scream . frankenstein drac ! dracula I do that my first time . more scream . all but dracula be beside themselves . murray he 's get close to the ground . more scream . beat . dracula you know what , he 's not gonna fly . dracula shoot out of frame in a flash . as a bat , he fly at Dennis as we reveal all the camper shoot with they smartphone as they watch he fall . dracula swoops and catch Dennis one foot before impact , fly a triumphant loop - de- loop , afterwards . dracula ( cont 'd ) I tell you , papa 's always here for you . dennis yay , papa ! again ! they land as dana frantically approach they . dana oh dear . oh my devil . we be gonna have to report this . dracula you mean to the papers ? I guess it be pretty cool . but I be not about get press . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 72 . dana no , sir , I mean the authority . I can not not report child endangerment . dracula whoa , listen to I ! that be fun ! you sing be child abuse . angle on the top of the tower . wayne should we go down and help he ? frankenstein nope . I tell he this be nut . he 's on he own . frankenstein act bored and lean against the rail . in the distant background , we see the tall tower . it be start to tilt on the side Frank be lean . dana I be gonna need some information . dracula nobody need to know about this . dana we have to call the boy 's mother . the tower be slowly start to fall . dracula what ? no , that be not happen . dana I have to follow protocol . dracula ( quickly hypnotize ) you will not follow protocol . dana I be a vampire . can not be hypnotize . dracula ( give up ) oh. right . Tower fall more . we can faintly see some frenetic activity at the top of the tower . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 73 . dana now , please , give I she phone number . do not make I call the police . the Camp kid start scream as the tower come closer . dracula no one 's call nobody ! suddenly the tower slam to the ground , landing right on the campfire ! Frank catch fire and go insane as everyone scatter . Wayne and Murray chase and scream at Frank , try to get he to calm down . Frank scream in terror and run aimlessly through different building , set they , and the hearse , on fire . ext . johnny 's parent house - rooftop - moment later on the roof , mavis and johnny sit pensively . , we can faintly hear '' monster mash '' come from inside the house . johnny sorry about all the song . I guess they think you have like it . mavis why do I feel so weird be here ? johnny no , hon , they be be weird . mavis really ? I do not know anything . famous song , slurpé . I can not believe all the stuff I have miss live inside that hotel . at least if Dennis grow up away from transylvania , he will not be weird like I . johnny be you nut ? mavis . you be a blast . you be so full of life , and curious about everything . if Dennis grow up to be just like you I 'il be the luckiest dad in the world . mavis I love you , johnny stein . they start to kiss ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 74 . mavis ( cont ’d ) you know what ? as long as we be all together we will be happy anywhere . even the hotel . johnny steal a quiet '' yessss '' before they kiss . int . jail - continuous we monster have land here . frankenstein and Murray in separate cell with two cellmate on the lower bunk . frankenstein what have I tell you guy . Fire bad . fire. bad. Frank climb to a top bunk as one skinny , creepy weird cellmate smile menacingly at Murray , who 's terrify . skinny cellmate well , well . look like we get some fresh toilet paper . murray drac...how ' bout gettin’ we out of here before this guy do something inappropriate ? pan to dracula's cell , he 's in with Wayne and Dennis , who look a bit worried forthe first time , a little teary eye . dracula you know we have to obey human law now . dennis be we bad guy , papa drac ? dracula no , no , no , denisovich , you could never be a bad guy . you be the nicest boy in the world ! we be just play pretend here , and you be - dennis batman ! dracula uh , yes ... the batman , and I be the bad guy and you be lock I in jail . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 75 . dennis cebause batman 's the toughest and strongest guy in the world . dracula uh , yes . he 's ... the man . dennis get in that jail bad guy ! cebause I be batman and you will never excape ! dracula oh , no ! do not hurt I , batman ! dennis you better be good ! or Murray 's gonna sit on you ! dracula ( laugh ) oh , no ! not the mega-tushy ! noooo ! murray what 's this now ? as Dennis laugh , dracula hear a faint sound from he phone and take it out . dracula what ? it 's mavis ?? wayne hang up ! you must have butt-diale she . dracula why would my butt do that to I ? dennis Murray 's tushy do it ! ext . johnny 's parent house - rooftop - continuous mavis take she ringing phone , see dracula 's number . it disconnect . she be puzzle . int . jail - continuous dracula she 's gonna call back !! the phone start ringing . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 76 . wayne okay . do not panic . there 's a app that can help we here . dracula who 's a app ? wayne ( scrolling ) I just need a picture of the hotel . ah ! get it ! looka that ! Wayne show dracula that they be key into the background photo of the hotel . dracula that 's insane , man ! it 's like voodoo stuff . dennis what be you play with ? dracula this be the best , denisovich ! now we be go to play where we pretend we be at home ! we be gonna play with mommy , she love this game ! okay ?? dennis yay ! more pretend ! dracula answer the phone innocently . intercut with mavis on the roof . dracula yes ! hello ? dennis hi mommy ! mavis hi Dennis ! my little everything ! I love you ! be you have fun ? dracula yes ! we be have fun , at home ! dennis yes ! we be watch cakey the cake monster on the tv ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 77 . cellmate hey shut up ! tryin 's to sleep here ! dracula heh ! that 's the tv show ..? mavis that do not sound like cakey ... dracula that 's cakey 's , eh , friend , Mr. sleepy ! dracula quickly wave he finger cause frankenstein 's top bunk to collapse on he cellmate in the lower bunk . dracula ( cont 'd ) ( aside to Wayne ) where 's the volume button ? dracula look but accidentally hit the wrong button . wayne no , no , no . they background change to a beach , a stock image from the app . mavis what 's go yon ? dracula nothing , we be home . Wayne frantically grab the phone and scroll . they appear to be in front of a rollercoaster now . mavis you be not home ! dennis ( wave he hand ) ha ha ! yay ! rollercoaster ! mavis where be you ? dracula ehh ...a rollercoaster ... whee ! dracula and Wayne desperately wave they hand and shake they face like they be absorb the force of a rollercoaster as Dennis grab the phone . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 78 . dennis I wanna play ! Dennis scroll it this time ... and pull up the real image - the jail cell ! but dracula and Wayne be oblivious , continue as if they be on the fake rollercoaster . mavis what be you do ?! dracula heh ... we be rollercoastering . dennis look ! jail ! mavis jail ?? dracula ( realize , cover ) heh , look at that ! he 's pretend he 's in jail ! suddenly , Murray crash through , half tear up and cry . murray he wipe with I ! he wipe with I ! mavis I be come home right now . and you better be there ! or I swear , dad , you be gonna be very sorry ! mavis hang up the phone and immediately run down the wall of the house , hyperventilate . johnny struggle to climb down quickly . johnny what 's go on ?! mavis I think dad and Dennis be in jail ! johnny whhhaaat ? mavis we need to get home right away ! johnny okay . i’1l go wake up my backpack ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 79 . int . jail - same dracula gimme that ! dracula grab the phone from Wayne and dial , digging he long fingernails into the phone . ext . jailhouse - continuous a phone in mid-air ring . it 's griffin , who manage to avoid be arrest . he speak quietly as he 's '' hide '' outside . griffin yeah ? dracula it 's time to break human law . griffin sigh and remove he glass . int . jail - continuous as we hear griffin nervously moan , a floating key open the door to the cell . it float past the oblivious deputy , wear headphone and listen to the same pop tune . cellmate what the -- ? the cellmate push Murray aside but appear to be slap in the face , leave , then right , then kick in the nut by griffin as everyone else hustle out . the deputy finally notice ... deputy hey ! griffin tickle the deputy , who be helpless with laughter as the other get away . they run over to a dirt road ... dracula you call the getaway car ? just then , pull up in he rascal scooter , be the blob , intact but cover with dirt and grass . a stray squirrel be trap in he body . blob ( scold they in blob jibberish ) ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 80 . dracula I be sorry , blob , we really mean to call you sooner ! they all pile on to the scooter and somehow the blob be able to drive it , awkwardly , but still fairly fast . dracula cover up for daylight . int . paris airport - later mavis and johnny arrive at the airport . they run up to ticket counter . ticket agent you want to go where ? mavis transylvania . preferably a aisle seat . ticket agent we do not fly direct to transylvania . you can go to bucharest but you 'il switch plane in Chicago , and then Zurich . mavis so when would we get there ? ticket agent well , the Chicago flight 's delay due to bad weather . mavis suddenly make the same crazy roar face she dad make . the ticket agent be unfaze . ticket agent ( cont ’d ) so two seat in coach ? mavis no !! mavis , in hero pose , pull out she poncho . johnny ( stunne ) no . mavis yes. ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 81 . ext . airport - moment later mavis , in poncho and transformed into a bat , lift johnny , backpack , luggage , and all , into the sky and fly ahead . intercut the mad race to get back to the Hotel . - scooter roll along , turn sharply as everyone hold on . - mavis bat desperately fly johnny over Quebec . johnny whoa ! Quebec ! one time in my hostel I get bit by a centipede and totally throw up . mavis sound cool ... - scooter hit traffic . the other driver do not stare . dracula come on , blobby ! squeeze through ! dennis why be you mad , papa drac ? dracula oh , I just want to get home . I miss mommy and daddy so much . dennis I miss mommy and daddy ! and I miss - dracula you miss who ? you miss that winnie ? dennis yeah . but we be just friend . dracula ( chuckle ) sure , ladykiller , that 's how it always start . ( notice traffic ) come on ! squeeze already !! - mavis heroically dodging lightning as the weather worsen . johnny whoops excitedly and notice Dublin , Ireland . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 82 . johnny that 's Dublin ! one time I room with this croatian dude who carry around a stuff animal in a cage . freaky . mavis try to concentrate ... johnny gotcha . - traffic have clear , but blob need to stop for a minute . blob ( jibberish ) dracula now ? when we finally have no traffic ? you be kill I , blobby ! blob ( angry jibberish ) dracula wait , annoyed , as the blob pee into some bush . - a raincloud . mavis and johnny emerge , sopping wet , mavis unshaken , johnny celebrate but fall . mavis catch he . - dracula in slow scooter look at he watch . he make everyone get off . dracula we be never gonna make it ! Frank , blow ! frankenstein grab the blob by the mouth and blow he up like a balloon - bigger and bigger as everyone climb on he . dracula ( cont 'd ) now ! frankenstein hold blob 's mouth shut and jump on , finally let go . as air come out of he mouth the blob fly at superspeed with everyone hang on . - sunset - mavis and johnny finally see the HOTEL in the distance and mavis 's Pov frantically scan for Dennis . as the air get less the blob start fly wildly like a deflate balloon but somehow he land at the hotel . they hit the ground hard and roll , then pop up perfectly all together . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 83 . dracula proudly start to video chat mavis . he see she face on the phone , it 's angry . dracula ( cont 'd ) so , hey , when be you gonna get here already ? we have be wait - he look up . reveal mavis wait for he at the entrance with johnny . mavis give I my son . dracula we just go out for some roll oat with apricot . mavis angrily hold up she smartphone and play a youtube clip title '' Miracle rescue at vampire Camp '' with over 2 million hit . in the clip , Dennis be clearly fall from a tower , scream , before get catch by dracula . busted , dracula hand Dennis over . dracula ( cont 'd ) please do not leave . mavis why could not you just accept who he be , dad ? we will have he birthday party here on Wednesday . then we be go . dracula look down , lose . his friend do not know what to say to he . int . dracula 's bedroom - later dracula stand teary eye by the painting of martha . dracula I be so sorry , my darling . what have I do ? dracula go to sit on he coffin . dracula ( cont 'd ) why could not I just let thing -- dracula feel something in he coffin and jump up . dracula ( cont 'd ) gaaaah ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 84 . johnny reveal himself hide under the blanket . johnny ( quietly ) be mavis around ? dracula what ?? no ! what be you do ? johnny immediately hug he desperately . johnny please get I out of this ! dracula what ? what , what ? johnny I do not wanna leave the hotel ! and you ! and neither do Dennis ! dracula he do not ? I know it ! % johnny . help we , drac ! I do not wanna go home ! they want to I to get a job ! at my dad 's office ! I do not know what he do ! but you have to wear shoe !! +e * hf now he be cry . he look at he sneaker . johnny ( cont 'd ) you be my bestest kick ! do not leave my foot ! dracula okay , okay . stop talk to you sneaker . I be try to think here ! * johnny you stop ! you do not have to do this , man . she be ready to stay ! and I have be kill it help this hotel ! have you see the new band ! ? int . lobby - later johnny and dracula watch from the rear as a young zombie boy band appear in a cloud of smoke on the bandstand . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 85 . a Zombie Boy Band ! whooo ! the Zombie Boy Band dance and grunt in beautiful harmony . S storm the stage and dance with joy . only the Zombie * composer be bitter . frankenstein awesome band , johnny ! johnny ( choke up ) soon I will not be here to witness all the good I have do . and I will be wear shoe . dracula this can not happen . for any of we . * but there 's one last way I can fix * this before denisovich turn 5 . * frankenstein be you say what I think you be * say ...? dracula yes . and I be not go alone ! * ext . HOTEL - night dracula grimly drive the hearse with frankenstein . it drive down a dark , windy path , lower and lower , until they get out of the hearse . they walk down a dark hill until they hit bottom . ) then they walk down a steep staircase make of stone until they hit bottom . then they walk down into a large hole . then they crawl on they rear end down the hole as they shoo away mouse and mole nip at they . the tunnel finally lead to another hole which they emerge out of , only to step on a steep cliff . dracula oh , gimme a break already ! they slide down the steep cliff , catch branch in various spot to slow they fall , finally landing on they ass . they start to walk . dracula ( cont 'd ) pretty sure it 's straight ahea -- they fall through a trap door and be now fall through a seemingly endless vacuum . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 86 . Frank scream as dracula shake he head . suddenly they land hard on they ass . they be now right in front of the dark cave of dracula 's father , vlad . dracula ( cont 'd ) ( to frankenstein ) can not believe I be do this . suddenly a evil- look sentry jump out from the cave cause frankenstein to recoil . sentry who goest there ? dracula it 's Count dracula . sentry oh .... well , it 's about time . dracula just tell he I be here . moment later , dracula and frankenstein navigate through the cave 's corridor , fill with spider and finally see two glow eye in the darkness . they land in the lair of vlad , a ancient vampire , who emerge from the darkness . vlad well , look what the bat drag in . dracula yes , hi , dad . vlad fellas , you will not believe it ! it 's my son , dracula ! just as handsome as the day he desert I ! vlad 's horrifying demonic cronies , ancient monster hover in shadow , howl and scream with laughter . vlad ( cont 'd ) this be certainly unexpected , boy . it 's only be 600 year or so . dracula well , maybe if you be nicer to my wife . vlad she be not a pure vampire ! her great- great ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 87 . vlad and dracula - great-great- great- great-great — great- great- great- great- great vlad - grandmother 's cousin be from Baltimore ! impure ! dracula she be still a full vampire -- vlad impure ! and now you be hang out with this thing ?! frankenstein uh , nice to meet you . dracula this be a monster ! frankenstein . vlad levitate frankenstein high off the ground with minimal effort . frankenstein scream . vlad that 's a monster ? scream like a chipmunk ? dracula please do not do that , dad . vlad drop frankenstein , make a crack on the cave floor . vlad I be not pay for that . so what do you need from I ? dracula it 's my grandson , denisovich . vlad oh , you have a grandson ! so you daughter get marry ? never get a invitation . dracula well , you know . they want a small wedding , and , uh , I can not stand be around you . vlad so what about this denisovich ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 88 . dracula he ...has not get he fang yet . vlad so ? late fanger , why be you worried ? he 's a full vampire , be not he ? dracula what ? uh , yes , of course . vlad so he 's get till he 's five . which be ..? dracula uh ... two day . give or take a hour . vlad two day ! well , there have be a few late fanger that never bloom . but they survive . dracula they survive what ? vlad you basic public humiliation . parade through village , force to recite the Devil 's doctrine . a lot of wedgy . dracula maybe we should help this along . vlad okay , we can do that ... we will need to , conduct a ceremony . a sacrifice . we will sacrifice the thing the kid cherish the most . dracula wow . that 's necessary ? he 's just a nice little kid -- vlad that 's the problem ! we have to remove what 's hold he back from he dark destiny . it 's like a wussy exorcism . of course , I 'il need he whole family present , you , mavis , the kid 's father . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 89 . dracula the father ?? eh , yes , yes , fine . vlad what 's the father 's bloodline , by the way ? dracula oh . uh , he 's a direct descendent of the , uh , jonafang ...of Romania . vlad the jonafang . dracula yeah ... vlad okay , tomorrow I be book , steal soul all night . so we will do this on the kid 's birthday . you want to give I the address ? dracula okay ... - he 's gonna be at my hotel . vlad that 's what you do ? you run a hotel ? dracula yeah . for monster . only . vlad well , of course , for monster , what else would it be for ? human ? vlad and all the demonic cronies laugh hard . dracula and frankenstein laugh along nervously . dracula human ... that 's ... a good one . int . johnny and mavis 's bedroom - night mavis be pack old item , look depressed . she find the mobile that be over she crib as a baby and clutches it . Dennis enter the room and she quickly pull herself together . dennis mommy ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 90 . mavis oh , hey , Dennis ! I be just ... dennis why be we leave mommy ? be we leave cebause of I ? mavis what ? no ... it 's because , you will , we will be happier there . dennis I be ... I be happy here . mavis wait till you see California . it 's even better . there be so many kid there ... like you . Dennis be puzzle and mavis quickly change the subject . mavis ( cont ’d ) be you excited about you party ? dennis yeah . I be , I be worried that cakey , that the big kid -- mavis hey , do yousknow who 's come to the party ? daddy 's whole family ! grampa Mike and grandma Linda , and all you cousin and uncle who love you so much . and then , they be gonna be with we when we move to California ! dennis okay ... mavis why do not you go get ready for bed ? dennis I do not have dinner yet . mavis oh ... I mean get ready for dinner . Dennis leave . a suit of armor enter hold a bowl . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 91 . suit of armor Madame . as you have not have anything to eat all day ... you father make you this . the suit of armor hand she the bowl or monster ball soup . mavis take it and start to cry . the monster ball start to cry as well . int . HOTEL lobby - the next night mavis and johnny greeting johnny 's family the night before the party . Dennis be introduce to he cousin , parker , connor , and troy . they check Dennis out and blow he off . int . dine room - night johnny 's family be at a couple of long table push together . as the adult chat , Dennis sit next to he cousin . connor man , I have wanna get out of here too , little man . this place be creepy . Dennis do not know what to say . troy dude you get the new death commando 7h ! parker I get it yesterday ! kick butt ! troy you get any cool video game ? something that only come out in this freak town ? dennis ( sense trouble ) um ... not really . parker come on , man , you must have some ! dennis cakey learn to spell ... tory and parker ( laugh ) cakey 's so lame ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 92 . Dennis sadly look for support but johnny be busy talk to he dad . johnny we be raise Dennis with the educare method , so we never say '' no '' , but we never say '' yes '' . we say '' no - es '' . grampa mike you have have a lot of time on you hand , have not you , son ? have a job 's gonna be good for you . dracula hi gang ! I just need to borrow johnny for one minute . johnny just one ? dracula zip johnny away quickly and they talk privately . dracula okay , I speak to my dad . johnny . you have a dad ? that 's funny . dracula and we have a plan . johnny yay ! awesome ! what do we do ? dracula a sacrifice . johnny a hah-ri-fi ...? dracula yes . and by tomorrow night , he 'il be a full vampire . johnny drac , we can not conduct a sacrifice ! dracula do you want to wear shoe ?!! johnny mmm-nnnh . ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 93 . dracula exactly . okay , my dad will set it all up . we need to sacrifice something that Dennis cherish the most . johnny oh boy . well , there 's cakey . we book he for the party . dracula perfect . I mean , I hate to see anyone have to go , but who 's gonna miss cakey ? oh , one more thing . johnny what 's that ? dracula my dad can not know you be a human . or any of you family . johnny what ? but drac , I be proud that we - dracula or you will die . all of you . CUT to : johnny back at the table address everyone . johnny guess what , gang , drac and I just decide we be gonna make this a monster masquerade party ! mavis what ? linda oh , that 's lovely . sort of a last hurrah before Dennis get to be with normal people ! dracula I could not have say it better . linda oh , this 's 1ll be fun , we can be zomby ! ( immediately zombie dance ) ( more ) ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 94 , linda ( cont 'd ) it 's close to midnight , and something evil 's lurking in the dark -- dracula freeze Linda and the entire room . dracula ( venting ) oh , come on ! now I gotta hear this patronize garbage ! why ?!! why ??!! drac sigh and unfreeze Linda and the whole room . dracula ( cont 'd ) eh , heh , heh ! ah , Linda that 's terrific ! over by the kid part of the table , Dennis be suddenly attack by winnie . but he 's relieved . dennis winnie ! winnie come on , Dennis , let 's get away from that snotty warm nose . Zing ! Zing ! they crawl under the table and walk off . dennis it 's nice to see you , winnie . winnie Dennis , who be all this people ? why be they get in between we ? dennis it 's my daddy 's family . they be take we , we be gonna move to California . winnie whyyy !?! dennis I dunno . cebause my mommy say I '11 be happier in California . winnie you be happy here ! with I ! she knock he over again . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 95 . dennis I be . but , I think they think , they think I be not happy , cebause , I think , I be not , I do not have hair on my face like you . I be sorry . it 's my fault . winnie no ! you be perfect ! whether you have a hairy face or not ! you be the nicest boy I know . and I have 300 brother . Dennis take this in . no one 's say it to he before . dennis thank you , winnie . winnie come over here ! she bring he to a window and point out toward the wood . winnie ( cont 'd ) look ! do you see it ? dennis . what be it ? it 's a small makeshift»doghouse deep in the wood . winnie it 's a dog fort I make . we should run away together and live there . forever . dennis okay . maybe . winnie and we can have really weird baby . dennis okay . slow down . int . ballroom - the next night many HOTEL guest , monster and human dress as monster , be enjoy the party along with johnny 's family , with whom mavis strain to fit in seamlessly . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 96 . linda oh , this be so much fun , mavis ! mavis anybody want some pita sandwich ? linda there 's no , eh , bug or snake in it , be there ? mavis no , no , all normal stuff . linda so , normal for we ? even though I be one of you people today ! she chuckle . mavis smile and nod , hurt . Dennis , dress as batman -y super hero , be not get much attention . while the other kid play together , Dennis be play batman alone . dennis get in that jail , bad guy ! cebause I be batman ! ( assume dracula voice ) oh , no ! do not hurt I , batman ! ( he own voice ) you better be good ! or Murray 's gonna sit on you ! suddenly troy come over in a costume of vrak , a freaky power ranger villain . troy batman !! Dennis be startle and fall backwards . Troy take off he mask and laugh at Dennis , who 's embarrassed . mavis look at Dennis sympathetically . off to the side , dracula coaches johnny , who be dress like a vampire , but it 's the crazy hair and flamboyant clothes Gary oldman wear in bram Stoker 's dracula . johnny what do you think ? dracula this be you vampire costume ? what be you think ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 97 . johnny I order it online ! it be the only place that deliver overnight ! dracula okay , have you practice you voice ? you can not just talk like a hippie . johnny I be not a hippie , I be a slacker . dracula talk like a vampire ! johnny ( thick accent ) my name be Count jonafang ! I ama vampire ! dracula okay , vampire do not go around say '' I be a vampire ! '' johnny sorry . ( thick accent ) I be Count jonafang ! bleh , bleh - bleh ! dracula seriously ? johnny I be sorry ! I be nervous ! dracula yeah , listen , if you think I do not like it , you definitely do not want to say '' bleh , bleh bleh '' in front of my father . suit of armor Sir , master cakey have arrive . the suit of armor present the guy who plays cakey , a dull - look guy with a big bag of costume . johnny oh hey . drac , this be brandon , aka cakey . cakey guy great . ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 98 . johnny cakey , uh , brandon , this be the man himself , Count dracula . cakey guy hey . okay , so when do this happen ? I get a book fair in half a hour . johnny Real soon . we be gonna give you , uh , a big introduction to get the crowd go . cakey guy no , man , I do not need that . the kid be already pump . I do seven minute , it destroy . let 's go . the suit of armor return , float and kick himself in the ass . suit of armor Sir -- agh ! -- Count Vladimir have -- agh ! -- arrive . reveal that vlad be telekinetically cause the suit to kick himself . dracula dad ? why be you do that ? vlad he do not know who I be . be we ready to do this ? cakey guy yeah , come on , dude . dracula Fine , fine , just get the costume on , brandon . dad , I 'il be right with you . ( to frankenstein ) keep he away from ... avis - May , and the ... umans-hay . frankenstein ot it -gay . I will ... ake sure he do not know they be human in disguise - may . dracula okay , you pig latin need some work . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 99 . frankenstein yeah , I fail it in high school . sorry . frankenstein take vlad over to he friend . frankenstein ( cont ’d ) hey , Count , lemme introduce you to some of the monster . this be Murray ... murray Nice to meet you do not hurt I . vlad yipe . be you bury that big or do you get a duck under that tape ? to heaven with this dime store monster . where 's the family ? frankenstein johnny !! johnny come over , scared . frankenstein ( cont ’d ) this be dracula 's son-in- law ... vlad johnny ?! johnny ( big accent ) I ...am Count jonafang ! bleh blehhh - - blacksheep . have you any ... wool . vlad what 's on you head ? it look like my grandmother 's booby ! everyone laugh kiss -assedly but vlad , stoneface . vlad ( cont 'd ) not funny . you generation be sick . Linda come over . linda ( flirty ) who be this dash vampire ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 100 . vlad well . good evening . I be the great - grandfather . and you -- johnny ( cut they off ) she 's a zombie . a real zombie ! vlad mmmm ... well , she look hungry . perhaps after this party we can go split a human ... linda oh , ho , well , it 's close to midnight ... she start to do she bad thiller walk and johnny immediately tackle she . linda ( cont 'd ) johnny ! vlad look perplex as dracula call over . dracula two minute , dad ! vlad ah , okay . vlad walk over to the stage and start set up the ritual sacrifice . dracula be prepping the cakey guy , who 's almost in costume . dracula okay , we be ready to go , just one more thing -- cakey guy make it quick . dracula sure . you just have to stand in this one spot . the whole time . dracula stand in one spot . right in front of he , vlad have just finish set up thirteen red candle . vlad mumble to himself as he sprinkle some item ... vlad mugwort ... mustard seed ... ancient earth ... blood ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 101 . dracula hey , Frank , you might wanna leave .. ( indicate candle ) ...ire-fay . frankenstein oh...right ...et I know when the sacrifice be over - lay . dracula cringe . frankenstein ( cont ’d ) still not right ? cakey guy okay , one spot ? that 's a nonstarter , dude . cakey 's all about movement , and flow , I do the cakey shuffle , it 's my big finish . dracula I know , but it 's the acoustic . they can not hear you unless you be right here . see ? now -- he step off the spot and fake like he 's talk but without sound . mouth '' you can not hear I . ) but now -- '' and step back . dracula ( cont 'd ) you hear I perfectly . he demonstrate quickly a couple more time . cakey guy okay . none of this parent better review this on Yelp . dracula you have my word as a vampire . cakey guy what do that mean ? dracula come on . a monster always share . cakey guy whatever . dracula johnny , start the show . cakey time . johnny have Linda in a headlock . he let go . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 102. dennis cakey ? but I say the big kid will not like -- johnny ( nervous ) ‘kay , drac ! it 's all good , it 's all good . kid , everyone , have a seat . you be gonna love this , because ... Dennis have a big surprise for everyone . the one and only - cakey the cake monster ! some young kid cheer loudly ( while the kid Dennis 's age be less enthuse ) as cakey enter and step right on he mark . cakey hey kid ! it 's I , cakey ! what a wonderful cakey Day it be ! the kide be mostly unimpress except for a few small one , and winnie , who smile encouragingly . cakey ( cont 'd ) now , I have a question . who here , love cake ? kide ( mix energy ) meeee ... vlad slowly start walk on the stage . vlad I love cake ... cakey guy whuh ? dude , what be you doin 's on my stage ? vlad rise ! cakey levitate . he float toward the candle . cakey guy whoa , whoa , whoa , dude , what be you levitate I for ? you be ruin my flow . vlad rise !! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 103. suddenly vlad intensify the flame from the candle , which form a circle around cakey . cakey guy whoa , why the flame , man ? this costume 's hot enough ! cousins yes ! awesome ! burn cakey ! dracula you get ‘em right where you want they , cakey ! crowd 's loving it ! cakey guy you be freaking I out , man ! dennis ( concerned ) cakey ? you okay ?! mavis what 's go on ? dracula get nervous ... vlad cast off the poison spirit of cakey ! '' beware ! " scream the raven of the night ! mavis johnny , who be that guy ?! johnny oh , it 's just you dad 's , uh , dad . mavis what ??! I have a grandfather ?! the fire grow closer to cakey ! but cakey can not escape vlad 's grip . cakey guy aaaaugghhh ! dude , put I down right now and you only have to pay half ! vlad ( ignore he ) bring forth the vampyre in this fangless child , that he may sustain you diabolic will for generation ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 104 . dennis cakey ! no ! do not hurt he !! dracula stop it ! dracula extinguish the flame to vlad 's surprise . everyone stare for a moment . cakey guy ' kay , I be leave ! this be bogus ! realizing he 's still levitate , cakey guy start '' swim '' out of the room . vlad what do you just do ? dracula it 's not worth it !! mavis what 's not worth it ? dracula I be try one last time to make Dennis a vampire so you have stay ! mavis by sacrifice cakey !? how could you do that ? when will you ever let go ? johnny let go of what ? Dennis will not be happy in my town ! mavis Dennis have not be there ! dennis I say we should not get cakey ... johnny you know he will not fit in there ! mavis johnny , he 's not a monster ! johnny he have rather be here ! mavis he like avocado ! ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 105 . as they argue , Dennis look very uncomfortable . johnny cuz he 's never eat anything fun ! dracula he have fun with I ! grandma linda johnny , I think Dennis just want to be normal ! grampa mike do not say that ! he be normal ! mavis can we stop use the word normal ? johnny where we live now he 's normal ! suddenly , Dennis leave and no one notice except winnie . she join he and they run off . mavis he really be not ! johnny well he will not be happy there ! mavis he be who he be ! and you can not change he ! dracula I do not want to change he ! I do not care anymore if he 's a vampire ! I just want you all to stay ! vlad you do not care about the shame he bring you ? what 's become of you , son ? johnny hey , back off , old man !! dracula johnny , be cool . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 106 . ext . HOTEL - moment later dennis be run as fast as he can , not in any direction , deep into the wood . he look teary eye . winnie yell at he . winnie Dennis ! the fort ! let 's go ! int . ballroom - continuous johnny toss off he wig in anger and get in vlad 's face . johnny you wanna throw down ? certify yellow belt since 1997 ! dracula no ! vlad what 's this now ? you be not a vampire either ?! johnny uh ... bleh ? grampa mike of course he 's not , he 's my son . you think we be monster ? grampa Mike dump he outfit . vlad go nut at dracula . vlad you ! you have ruin we bloodline ! thousands , of year , toss in the trash ! dracula she ... love the guy . mavis be frighten , but look at dracula with love and gratitude . he stand up for she love . vlad 's face roar in the most fearsome manner we have see yet ! other S cower , they costume fall off . vlad this place ! you let human into we world ! dracula not originally ... ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 107 . vlad this hotel must be extinguish ! he scream , the echos summoning he demonic cronies , whose laugh we hear in the echoe . everyone be terrify . frankenstein I see this guy . they be insane . I know exactly what to do . ( beat ) hide . frankenstein dive under a couch which be half he size . mavis johnny , grab Dennis ! Dennis ? johnny Dennis , buddy , where be you ? ext . wood - moment later winnie lead Dennis into she Dog Fort . winnie we will be safe here . forever . Dennis do not say anything . winnie ( cont 'd ) Zing Zing ? ext . HOTEL - continuous the demonic cronies fly and run toward the Hotel . int . ballroom - moment later the cronies burst in , smash through all the ballroom window and everyone be terrify . frankenstein dismember out of shock . dracula look at vlad , piss . vlad Witness ! human coexist with monster ! share towel and spoon ! the cronies scream in anger and disbelief ! vlad ( cont 'd ) destroy it all ! * ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 108. gasp from patron , then scream as all hell break loose . the cronies start fly around , ransack the lobby , include some stuff set up for the party , like the bouncy house , send Dennis 's mean kid cousin fly . we monster watch helplessly , include Wayne , wanda , Murray and griffin . murray how do we stop this guy ?! wanda it 's horrible . griffin ( regular voice ) we have to do something ! ( high voice ) darling , you can not leave I ! ( regular voice ) I ' 1ll never leave you , darling . wayne you can not seriously be pull this now . griffin what ? I have a girlfriend . dracula Knights ! staff ! defend what be ours ! protect.our guest - monster and human ! vlad ( mutter to dracula ) you little brat . the suit of armor and staff dutifully charge at the cronies . mavis be more nervous than ever about find Dennis . mavis Dennis ?? honey , where be you ??! ext . wood - moment later winnie have bring Dennis into she dog fort . she show hima row of can of Dog food . winnie do not be sad , Dennis . look , I even pack snack to sustain we here for year . + eh + eh % ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 109 . Dennis hear hubbub and look out . more demonic cronies run right past they fort to the hotel ! Dennis stand at the entrance . dennis I think something bad 's happen . I think we need to go back . winnie if you think so , my zing . I be right behind you ! he get up and she follow he as start to hustle back albeit way slower than the demonic cronies . int . ballroom —- moment later mavis and johnny be still look for Dennis . the cronies be jack the Knights and make they way towards scream human . Zomby try to defend and be waste fast . they charge toward guest , rip ghost sheet from table that be hide human . monster still try and defend - the human fly buzze around annoying a crony , the insanity bust out of ballroom and also partly into the lobby now . now the human , include johnny 's family , start to battle the cronies as well - get weapon from the suit of armor and riding the ghost tables . they fight gallantly but only dracula be really able to neutralize a few , bail the other out , and keep the fight go . vlad get involved , assist he minion . dracula use he power to block he repeatedly . they start telekinetically throw thing at each other . then , suddenly , dracula notice he power be go . dracula what 's the deal ? hey ! power ! let 's go ! dracula look over and see vlad with burn hypno-ey . vlad you power be right here , boy . with I ! dracula daaaaad ! that 's not fair !! vlad you daddy know what 's best for you !! ee + eh ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 110 . vlad wave and make dracula have a thumb in he mouth . dracula angrily struggle to remove it but he can not . ext . HOTEL - continuous Dennis and winnie get to the hotel and run in . int . HOTEL lobby - moment later Dennis and winnie run into the lobby . with dracula undone , the cronies be run wild , and actually start to toss around actual relative and monster . vlad ( cont 'd ) no , no ! I say to destroy the hotel ! not the people ! but they be out of control .. they will not listen . the monster * and human try they best to hold they ground . vlad witness johnny 's brother brett dive to push marty out of the way of a crony 's blister punch , take one in the * face . vlad be stunne . * Dennis see what 's happen and run , forward . * dennis stop it ! a few cronies turn to see Dennis and start laugh at he . * dennis ( cont 'd ) leave they alone . a crony roar at he and he recoil , but then get back on he foot . mavis spot Dennis and scream . * mavis * Dennis ! run ! * dennis ( hopefully , to himself ) I be a bat ... I be a bat ... Dennis brace himself and jump , flap he arm - he try to fly at the crony ! but he fall flat , and they laugh again . demonic crony what a joke ! the crony pick he up menacingly . * mavis Dennis ! ht2-rs/ as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 111. mavis run toward he and be grab by another crony . johnny be grab by yet another . mavis ( cont ’d ) let go of I ! johnny that 's we boy ! dennis hey ! do not touch my mommy and daddy ! demonic crony ( in he face ) why not ? dennis ( scared ) cebause ... demonic crony # 2 ( hold mavis ) cebause what ? dennis cebause I do not want you to ! mavis , johnny , and dracula all watch with fear . demonic crony sorry , curly , there 's nothing you can do about it . cebause you be justa weak ... little ... boyyy . Dennis close he eye , summon up all he anger ... and suddenly make the fierce red eye vampire face dracula make and growl like dracula ! and then - bare fang ! suddenly explode with power , Dennis break free from the demonic crony and hurtle he with he mind , send he flipping across the room ! the other monster attack Dennis and he defeat they in sequence , dodging they with super speed , pound they with super strength and make they freeze , rise , and smash into each other with mind control . mavis and johnny be set free as a result . one crony slam into vlad , break vlad 's concentration . dracula seize on it and regains he power . inspire , mavis and dracula join in the fight with renew energy . vlad watch and decide not to try and stop they . four more monster approach Dennis . ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 112. dennis there 's a mouse at the end of you butt ! the monster chase they butt exactly like the wolfpup do . the three of they continue kick ass . they transform back and forth into bat , whizzing too fast for the demon and slamm they into stuff . other monster / human be rally and emboldene by the sudden turn of fate . they lay it on the croney with righteous fury . Frank finally get put back together and do something completely awesome . Wayne sic he wolf pack onto the croney . hearse without a driver come crash airborne through lobby window all stunt style . land and careen and drift through lobby trash croney . come to a stop and .. reveal it 's griffin drive ! even vlad see the side work together , and finally can not help himself . he become a bat and join in the fight against the cronies . finally , Dennis , in human form , lift the last monster and toss he high into the air , burst through the roof . Dennis raise he arm in celebration and let out a roar ! the demonic cronies fly away , terrify . as the last survive minion flee we be leave with a magnificent 7 - style line up in front of the hotel . drac and vlad back to back , mavis and johnny , all the friend , Dennis in front of they all . then , he and mavis run to each other . dennis ( cont 'd ) mommy ! mavis hug Dennis . johnny and dracula run in . dennis ( cont 'd ) daddy ! he hug johnny and look at dracula . dennis ( cont 'd ) papa ! I be a vampire ! dracula I do not care , Dennis . I be just glad you be my grandson . +e hf % +e * hf ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 113. dracula hug Dennis and shed a tear . mavis dad , I be so sorry . you be right . dracula no , baby , neither of we be right . we want to tell Dennis who he be , instead of let he find out for himself . dennis do you just call I Dennis ? vlad ( emotional ) yeah , he call you Dennis ! he realize he be wrong ! dracula ( sarcastic , mutter ) yes . only I be wrong . vlad sacrifice that cakey shlock be not gonna change he . the thing he cherish be he family . dracula yes , we get that . vlad ( to dracula ) and you ... with this crazy hotel . dracula yeah , what about it ? vlad I just see a roomful of human fight for monster . you make all of this possible . I be proud of you , Count . Viva Hotel transylvania ! dracula Viva La difference ! monster and human together ! everyone cheer . johnny look at vlad meaningfully . johnny so ... you approve of I ? ht2-r / as 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 114 . vlad yes , and all human . I love you . johnny tear up and present vlad with he backpack . johnny I want you to have this . vlad study it and be weird out . vlad uh , yeah .. I do not want it . johnny ( quickly grab it back ) oh , okay . i’1l take it back . johnny close he eye and hug it as we dissolve to ... int . ballroom - later we conclude with the birthday party with a full slew of happy monster , 's and johnny 's family dance to song to be written * over close credit .