shadow of the vampire by Steven katz revise March 22 , 1999 note shadow of the vampire be a fictionalized account of the filming of the first vampire movie : f.w. murnau 's 1922 nosferatu . there be three different type of film specify in the script which should be note beforehand : 1 . the movie shadow of the vampire itself as it follow the cast and crew of nosferatu through various location in 1921 Germany , Czechoslovakia , and Poland . this movie be in color and use contemporary effect and technology . 2 . actual footage from murnau 's nosferatu . scene from nosferatu be present in they original state : shot through a iris , black and white , silent , etc . 3 . recreated footage from nosferatu . because the actor in shadow of the vampire be not that in nosferatu , it be necessary to recreate certain scene from the earlier film feature contemporary actor . this footage should be doctore to match the older movie . title sequence Black . in the darkness we hear a sad , spooky voice intone what sound like a Eastern european dirge . then a series of shadowy image appear : a archway , a figure , the iris of a eye in which they be reflect . the p.o.v. shift and a different series of image appear -- the interior of a film studio , the inside of a motion picture camera -- intercut with : ext . medieval CITY -- day presumably bremen : a church steeple in the foreground , the town square behind it . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) int . hutter's house -- day gustav von wangenheim , portray the character of hutter , stand in front of a mirror tie he neckpiece . he wear early 19th -century german travel clothes . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) ext . hutter's house -- day close on : greta schroeder , portray the character of ellen ( hutter 's wife ) , lean over a windowbox , dangle a piece of string above a cat . she wear a 19th century hoop dress and she hair be in long finger - curl . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ) Nice pussy . Nice pussy . you be very content right now , be not you ellen ? you live in a nice house . you wear pretty clothing . and best of all , you be marry to a wonderful man who 's promise to love you forever . you little suspect that he 's about to go on a long journey . and that , when he return , he will bring with he the death of love . and you womb will be ( more ) murnau ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) barren and you bed will be cold and in all the world you will be alone . end title sequence int . jofa studio -- hutter's house set -- day same shot . the camera pull back to reveal that the exterior of hutter 's house be , in fact , a film set - - a little oasis of light -- erect in a cavernous , barrel - vault studio . and stand in front of it be three man we will come to know as murnau , grau , and muller . they be wear lab coat and safety goggle and look more scientist than filmmaker . everyone wait breathlessly for the director 's approval ... murnau and -- end print it ! .-. and then fly into action with military precision : strike the set , switch off the phonograph ( provide background music ) , carry a chair to the director . who rip off he goggle provide we with we first real look at friedrich wilhelm murnau , 33 : tall , handsome with red hair and a distant , preoccupy air he 's capable of bring to intense focus whenever he 's concentrate . which he demonstrate right now by focus on ... murnau ( cont . ) Wolf , have we establish pathos ? '' wolfgang muller , the photographer : 30 , glass , a little retire . he look up from where he 's dismantle the camera clearly enrapt by murnau 's attention . muller perfectly , herr Doctor . in one take . murnau good . get the film to the lab right away . I want to see rush first thing in the morning before we leave . albin ? albin grau , producer and art director , walk over : late thirty , something of a aesthete . grau yes , herr Doctor ? murnau hurry up and strike you set , will you ? this potemkin village be cost we investor a fortune . grau shoot outside the studio will cost they even more . murnau such be the price of genius . ( shouting ) God , save I from all this phony shit ! he throw out he arm , accidentally send a stack of film tin fly from the hand of muller 's assistant ( paul ) . everyone freeze . there 's a long beat until , oblivious , murnau sit , turn to he script . the crew resume its work . paul fall to he knee , scramble to pick up the tin . paul I be sorry , herr Doctor . grau be there something wrong with the set , friedrich ? murnau no , I be anxious to get out of here , that 's all . but I do need you inventory for the trip . alsoa complete itinerary and a scene break - — down by costume and set . speak of which , I look over you renderings last night for the last scene in ellen 's bedroom . I think they will be fine . grau High praise , herr Doctor . murnau we will need blueprint , of course , and photo for when we finally get round to building it on helgoland . and there be something else ... oh yes , the cat be sluggish . galeen ( 0.s. ) Jesus , albin . what 's wrong with you ? take the damned thing out and have it shot . we look over to see henrik galeen , the screenwriter : 30 , scholarly . he 's sit on pack crate , a sheaf of manu - script spread across he lap . murnau henrik , I hope we be not go to be out in the field without enough copy of you script . galeen no , friedrich . the brother of the monastery be put the gold leaf on they now . murnau ( ignore he , shouting ) hurry up , lady and gentleman ! we have a train to catch ! he turn back to he script , a steel door be open , the light and noise of 1921 Berlin pour in . enter greta wear a dress gown and smoking a cigarette in a ivory holder . without she wig and make - up she seem dangerously young and beautiful , perhaps seventeen . murnau nicely do , greta . for a moment I even think I see a premonition of evil cross you face . greta ( sit beside he ) it would not surprise I . with all the spooky shit you have be say to I . on - camera and off . murnau I tell you , it 's important for the realistic effect . greta yes , I know all about it . that 's why we be be force to pack up and go ... what do you call this business again ? murnau " on-location ... " greta " on-location . " to transylvania . murnau actually , we be not go to transylvania . we be go to Slovakia . galeen herr Doctor , I believe one be suppose to call it Czechoslovakia now . murnau yes , yes . Czechoslovakia . greta but why do we have to leave Berlin just now ? at the start of the theater season ? murnau ( ignore she ) albin , have you man arrange the car ? grau yes . two . greta do you have any idea the part I have be offer at long last ? the salaries ? murnau will that be enough ? grau it will have to be . it 's probably every car in the region . murnau good . greta herr Doctor , you be ignore I . ( seductively ) there be a time when you do not ignore I ... murnau honestly , greta , why would anyone care to act in a play when they have the opportunity to act in a film ? as greta continue , a sordid-look man in a ambulance driver 's coat ( a red cross on he sleeve ) come up and whisper something to murnau . greta you certainly do not think that when you be direct play for reinhardt . in any case , I do not like act for the camera . a theatrical audience give you life , while this thing ... ( indicate the camera ) .-.- merely take it from you . murnau turn sharply , take she hand . like muller before she , she respond rapturously . murnau ( softly , confidently ) listen to I , greta . I conceive this role especially for you . ellen isa woman who discover the ultimate expression of love in the most exquisite pain imaginable . sound familiar ? it will be you most demand role . the role that will make you great as a actress . consider it a sacrifice to you art . he stand , follow the sordid-lcook man outside . she watch he , turn - - a little embarrassed -- to the other ... greta ( recover ) I be already be pay peanut . ..- exit . galeen watch she go , turn to grau . galeen so what would you give the cat ? grau chloral . muller chloral ! grau it 's hard to keep the damn thing docile under the light . do it show ? galeen it look pickle . grau not so much as greta . murnau return . look at he pocketwatch . murnau almost dark . well , everything here seem to be in hand ... grau friedrich , we still need to talk about the vampire . murnau no , no ... it 's nearly dark . I be already late . wrap thing up for I here , will you albin ? I will see you all in the morning . murnau jog to the door ... ---exit . grau ( shouting after he ) but what costume should I pack for he ? what make -up ? murnau it do not matter . and be sure that imbecile gustav do not miss the train . grau where 's he run off to ? galeen perhaps he have a woman . muller ( meaningfully ) or a man . they smile knowingly at this . then , jokingly : galeen do you notice how concerned he be whether or not it be after dark ? grau perhaps we director be the vampire . ext . jofa studio -- sunset murnau climb into he car , the chauffeur shut the door , get behind the wheel , drive away . we follow it through downtown Berlin as the sun set on sidewalk clotted with blind beggar and legless war veteran . as they come upon the crowded entrance of a chic cabaret ... int . car -- continuous «.. the chauffeur turn to murnau ... chauffeur Front or back , herr Doctor ? murnau back , of course . ext . alley -- continuous «».- and then steer into a dark alley where the car 's head - light illuminate a knot of pretty boy in army fatigue languidly congregate outside a unmark door . murnau climb out , rap on the door , be permit inside . then the door shut behind he , he car drive off , and the illicit scene be plunge into darkness again . int . berlin cabaret -- continuous Dark and smoky , echoing with dixieland , populate by character out of George grosz : millionaire , whore , etc . murnau pass through the crowd , climb the stair to a ... int . office -- continuous where --ly on a settee , watch the throng below - - we discover a breathtaking young woman ( micheline ) : late teens , pale skin , black hair , a very revealing flapper dress . murnau bare he tooth , jump on she , bury he face in she throat . she moan in pleasure , turn she face away , suck the smoke out of a cigarette holder . micheline herr Doctor , I have a pain . 10 . he lift one of she leg , slowly peel back the dress and kiss the place where she roll stock reveal she thigh . murnau do that feel better ? micheline be you really a doctor ? murnau yes . of philosophy . she smile lewdly at he , then suddenly scissors he between she leg , flip he over onto the settee , climb on top . slap he playfully . and then do it harder . murnau smile , surrender to she : now he 's the one who 's rapturous . we look down toward the stage : perform a torch song for the corpse- face berliner be a large- bust woman in a evening gown . with bat 's wing . int . murnau' apartment -- study -- night De stijl furniture , die briicke mural , etc . murnau be pack - ing by candlelight when micheline -- half naked , smoking a cigarette in a holder - - appear behind he . weirdly , she entrance cause a few of the candle blow out . micheline friedrich , do you have to go ? murnau I will be back in six or eight week . micheline what shall I do without you ? murnau operate you cabaret . dream of my return . micheline wo not you at least tell I what it be you be filming ? murnau not this time . it 's a surprise ... micheline I hate surprise . 11 . murnau «-- a@ surprise for you . a film all about a woman like you ... murnau stop what he 's do , take she in he arm . murnau ( cont . ) «-- who sacrifice everything for she lover . micheline grab he by the throat ... micheline and you think I would ever do such a thing ? that 's a rather skew characterization come from a man I have spend the past two hour raping like a woman . .«-. shove he roughly away . micheline ( cont . ) still , I must admit you take it like a man . murnau you be the only one I have ever allow to treat I that way . micheline I do not doubt it ... ( pointedly ) «..- herr Doctor . now tell I more about you movie . murnau no . you will see when it 's finish . now , have you eat ? micheline I want to eat you . murnau you be not serious . micheline but I be ... she grab he , pull he into ... 12 . int . bedroom -- continuous «-. throw he onto the bed , climb on top of he . micheline now kiss I good - bye , friedrich . it 's time that I be go . murnau why will not you ever stay the night ? micheline I have tell you : if I be not back to count the night 's receipt my staff will bleed I dry . murnau stay . she stand , rest she shoe on he lower lip . micheline beg . murnau please stay . you love I , do not you ? micheline what do you think ? murnau say it . micheline no . murnau why not ? I love you . she look at he imperiously . lightly slap he face with the toe of she shoe . micheline that , herr Doctor , be a very dangerous thing to say . nevertheless , she kick off she shoe , curl up beside he . he smile contentedly , reach up , turn out the light . 13 . int . hutter's house -- day enter hutter with flower . he kiss he wife good - bye . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) ext . murnau' apartment -- night later . micheline , a long cape over she dress , emerge from murnau 's bauhaus - style building . hurries away . int . murnau' apartment -- bedroom -- as before close on : a record spin silently on a phonograph . we pull back to see murnau asleep in he dishevel bed . he wake . see that he 's alone . knock the arm off the record . int . berlin train station -- day the crew of nosferatu load box onto one of the train under the watchful eye of galeen , grau , and muller . suddenly there 's a disturbance 0.s. and murnau -- lapel pull up , hat pull down -- hurry up follow by porter and a rush of newspaper reporter . he grab paul . murnau you work for I do not you ? paul yes , herr Doctor . murnau then get my thing . albin ? as paul begin direct the porter , murnau turn to grau ... murnau ( cont . ) tell they nothing . «then leap onto the train . grau face the reporter . grau gentlemen , I be albin grau . producer and art director of this picture . reporter 1 where 's murnau ? 14 . reporter 3 be it true murnau be filming Stoker 's dracula ? grau friedrich wilhelm murnau be Germany 's great filmmaker -- in a class with such master as griffith and eisenstein . at present he be supervise every detail of this unique on-location expedition . exactly how unique you will discover when the picture premiere in Berlin . and at that time , I be certain you will be convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt of the exceptional talent of this remarkable genius . the reporter clamor for more , grau climb onto the train . galeen you do that quite well , albin . grau in the future I think there might actually be a live to be make from this sort of thing . Representative to the press . the last of the luggage be bring aboard , a whistle blow , people make they farewell , the train pull out of the ... ext . train station -- continuous 'x.roar out of the city . int . train -- murnau' compartment -- day close on : murnau asleep . the door open , muller peek in . see murnau sleep , close it again . int . train -- corridor -- continuous muller move down the corridor to the ... 15 . int . train -- crew compartment -- continuous where he find the rest of the crew at lunch : grau , galeen , and paul ( meet earlier ) and three young woman : elke ( cos - tume ) , maria ( script ) , and eva ( make - up ) . muller enter , sit . toss a roll - up map to grau ... grau still asleep ? muller yes . must have be quite a night . galeen albin , let 's see the map . .-. who clear off a place on the steamer trunk act as a table and unroll a large map of Central / Eastern Europe . grau we will cross the border into Czechoslovakia in a few hour at the foothills of the carpathian and continue until the line end at oravska magura . from there we will go by automobile to a place near poprad in the vysoke tatry : the High tatra Mountains galeen apparently herr Doctor 's already film some of the exterior there . muller he have ? galeen you do not know ? muller no . galeen that 's odd . anyway , you can assume we will be filming all of hutter 's scene there : the carriage scene , the scene at the inn with the superstitious native ... enter gustav 16 . grau «.. the scene between he and the vampire . paul I still do not understand why we be not go to tranyslvania . eva yes , everyone know Count dracula life in transylvania . galeen strictly speak , this be not dracula . the author 's widow refuse to sell we the rights to the novel . she 's hope to prepare a stage version to open in London . grau bound to make more money than any film . muller which be all very interesting , henrik . but it do not address the larger question . galeen which be ? muller who 's play we vampire ? von wangenheim , the actor portray hutter . gustav his name be schreck . galeen schreck ? gustav Max schreck . apparently he be in the reinhardt company . do you know he , albin ? galeen schreck ? be you sure you have the name right ? " schreck " be dialect for " shriek . " what , do he specialize in fright role ? 17 . gustav just a character actor . Max schreck . muller who tell you he be play the vampire ? gustav herr Doctor tell I . grau I do not know any Max schreck in the reinhardt company . gustav herr Doctor tell I he study with Stanislavsky in Moscow . grau I be surprised I have never hear of he . galeen he 's from the Russian school then ? gustav yes . as part of he preparation , he submerges he own personality in that of the character he 's portray . that 's the reason he 's not travel with we . herr Doctor tell I go on to Czechoslovakia week ago -- in order to absorb the flavor of the place , I suppose . galeen God , you do not think he 's be sleep in a coffin ? gustav herr Doctor also tell I that , once we arrive and begin filming , Max will never appear to we except in full costume and make - up ... grau a rather extreme interpretation of Stanislavsky , if you ask I . why be not I tell about this ? gustav -.- and that furthermore we will film he only at night . 18 . muller why be not I tell about that ? grau ( look out the window ) there be the carpathian . we first sunset in ... what 's the script say , henrik ? galeen " the country of blocd - red mountain . " ext . train -- sunset the sun set behind the train as it race into the dense forest of Eastern Europe . int . train corridor -- night later . the corridor be pack with sleep peasant . int . crew compartment -- night everyone be nodd off except for grau who cast , on the steamer trunk , tarot card : the fool , death , the ten of sword . suddenly the door open . enter murnau . murnau I see we be knee - deep in peasant . muller when do you wake up ? murnau ( sit ) the Czech guard wake I at the border . what have you be do ? muller actually we have be talk about you . galeen you previously shot footage , you heretofore unannounced addition to the act company ... grau as the producer of this film , herr Doctor , I feel I have a responsibility ( more ) murnau lean murnau look 19 . grau ( cont would ) to ask if there 's anything else you have neglect to tell we . murnau why ? what do the card say ? grau someone close to we will be go on a long journey . now answer my question . forward conspiratorially . murnau look , I confess : there be thing I have not tell you about this production . but they will all be reveal in the course of time . muller but how do you expect we to do we job when we be keep in the dark ? at they , turn he intense focus on he crew -- especially grau . they hang on he every word . suddenly the murnau exactly . let I explain something to you . I intend ours to be the most realistic movie ever make . and what be realism ? the unexpected . that 's why I take all of you out of the studio and thrust you into the world . so that you will be force to react spontaneously to whatever you encounter there . and because of it , nosferatu will not be just another film stage play . it will bea truthful record of reality . and that be what will make it great . galeen but this be a fiction . a movie about a vampire . how can you talk about realism when the subject be so far remove from reality ? murnau my sense of style be realism . but my sense of art be moral . I want to explore evil with the eye of a scientist . train jolt to a stop . 20 . murnau ( cont . ) what 's that ? why be we stop ? grau reach over to the window , open the blind , look out . then he look back at the other in awe . grau my god ... ext . train -- night close on : the water reservoir be lower onto the train 's boiler ( evidently this be why the train stop ) . we pull back and up to see the passenger disgorge from the steaming train ( for a smoke , to stretch they leg , etc. ) and then we see what it be that inspire such awe in grau : ext . forest -- continuous from above : a vast , impenetrable forest lining the edge of the railroad track like a enormous black curtain . on the ground : we follow murnau , grau , galeen , and muller as they walk through the tree in silent wonder . until : murnau the forest primeval . it grow thicker as we move east towards the tatras . muller how do expect I to film in there ? murnau we could use a aeroplane . muller you be the pilot , herr Doctor - - at least you be in the last war . but I doubt even a low - fly fokker could see into it . murnau there 's no place on earth like it . none of it 's be thoroughly mapped . Whole army have march in never to be hear from again . and then there be the ... animal -- strange thing which by all rights should be extinct . murnau , lose in think , continue along by himself while we catch up with ... 21 . paul and the rest the crew ( elke , eva , maria ) walk along through the wood . eva stop to pick up a pine cone , walk a little distance by herself . and then stop . her eye open wide in horror ... ext . train -- as before ..- she scream echoing through the tree before it 's swallow up again by the forest . hear it , the train crew grab lamp , hurry in she direction follow by some of the peasant and the rest of the ... ext . forest -- continuous ..- film crew ( except for murnau ) who , follow the lamp , make they way through the thick tangle of undergrowth : galeen in the lead , muller take up the rear . when suddenly the latter be catch up short when something grab he by the throat . and yank he into the darkness without a sound . ext . train -- as before a few moment later , the search party emerge from the wood carry eva 's body . they set it down near the track , begin examine the body by lamplight while a few peasant woman gather around , speak softly in slovak . one of the thing we hear they they say be ... " nosferatu . " hear it , galeen look at the other member of the film crew . and that 's when murnau emerge from the wood , hurry to the body , push everyone else away . murnau get away from she . she 's my responsibility . somebody produce a sheet , murnau himself wrap she body and then supervise the other as they load it onto the train , like a ghost , through the steam . then the whistle blow , the remain people climb onboard . 22 . int . train -- night we follow grau down the corridor -- past the crew cabin ( where the dispirite crew take they seat ) , past peasant clut - — ching they rosary and scribbling cross everywhere - - to a door ( without a cross ) . he knock gently , open it . int . muller' compartment -- continuous a little light from the corridor reveal muller in bed . grau Wolf , be you alright ? muller ( daze ) uh-huh . grau Wolf , I ... sorry to wake you . good night . and then door close , take with it the light . int . crew cabin -- day the train jerk to a stop waking the sleep ( under coat and blanket ) crew . they stir . paul open the window shade . beneath a overcast sky , a small procession pass carry eva 's enshroud body . revealing behind they : murnau , stand beside a pair of touring car . pay off some kind of police official . ext . czech train station -- day a gable building at the foot of the loom tatras . the place be desert except for the pall bearer and the film erew -- the latter load the car with equal solemnity . galeen walk up to murnau as eva be load onto a horse cart . murnau they will put she on the next train back to Berlin . I have send a telegram to she parent . galeen what do we do now , herr Doctor ? 23. beat . all eye turn to murnau . murnau we go on . int . train corridor -- day as the last of the passenger disembark , paul stop at muller 's door . knock . paul herr muller ? no answer . he knock again . paul ( cont . ) herr muller ? the door open slowly as if by itself . and we see muller , bundle to the gill , sit at the window : gaunt , dark ring under he eye . ext . train station -- as before as the crew prepare to depart , a little boy hand murnau a wooden cage . murnau give he a coin , the boy run away . grau what 's that ? murnau hold up the cage : rat . galeen rat ? there be not any rat call for in the script until the ghost ship : the vampire 's disembarkation at bremen . murnau they be for mood , henrik . at the castle . the train whistle blow and it pull out of the station . revealing muller stand , nonpluss , on the opposite side . grau Wolf ! muller turn , walk slowly towards they . 24. grau ( cont . ) Wolf , what 's the matter with you ? muller climb silently into one of the car follow by murnau , galeen , and paul . the other climb into the other one , drive up alongside . gustav you take the rat ! he throw the cage into murnau 's car which take the lead . as the car disappear into the forest , we remain behind for just a moment with the cart with the corpse . ext . forest -- continuous the car follow the heavily shade road into the mountain . int . grau' car -- continuous gustav think there 's anything to eat ? gustav root around in the box in the back . he open one pack with straw . dig out a bottle fill with blood . gustav ( cont . ) what in hell be this ? grau my god , it 's blood . it must be part of the make -up . gustav do not you think you can carry realism too far ? ext . DELL -- sunset as the sun set over the mountain behind they , the car emerge from the forest and stop in front of a large stone cottage with a attach stable . a large white cross have be whitewash on the thatched roof of the building . they begin unload equipment , the innkeeper march out ... innkeeper good evening , herr Doctor ! '' -- and direct they inside . 25 . int . inn -- continuous Long wooden table , a large hearth provide the only light . see the crew , a couple of old woman at they bead interrupt they prayer , begin set out crockery , etc . muller ( to the innkeeper ) I wonder if I might be show to my room . galeen you be not eat , Wolf ? but he ignore he , follow the innkeeper upstairs . murnau sit at one of the table , examine he script . the other sit with he , begin eat . galeen do he seem ill to you ? grau he 's just tired . ( to murnau ) what 's on the schedule for tomorrow ? murnau exterior shot of the inn . the arrival of hutter in the carriage . some shot in here . gustav where be the extras ? murnau ( indicate the old woman ) you be look at they . gustav this people can not act . murnau they do not need to act . they be play themselves . grau speak of actor , I expect to meet schreck here . murnau you will meet Max when he time come in the shoot schedule . 26 . a little woman with a candle enter the main room and then lead they , one at a time , up a narrow , angular staircase to : int . inn -- second floor -- continuous at the top of the staircase be a little hall with door lead to the bedroom . murnau sleep well everyone . the call be for dawn . they all wish murnau a respectful good -night . then he go into he room , shut the door behind he . int . gustav' room -- continuous a bed , a little table with a candle . illuminate wall festoon with cross -- some real , some paint . he shiver , and then ... ext . inn -- continuous -.- from outside : we watch he put out the candle . from 0.ss. we hear squealing , and see ... the rat squirming in the cage in the back seat of one of the car . the door close , the engine turn over , and ... one of the car pull away from the inn . ext . automobile -- continuous we follow it as it drive through the dark forest . the title dirge begin , grow louder as the sequence progress . ext . clearing -- continuous the car emerge in a moon wash clear high in the mountain . it stop , the driver climb out . take something from the back seat . plunge back into the tree . 27 . we follow he until he come to a gape , vine-clogged cave . he hesitates for a moment , go inside . int . crypt -- continuous the cave turn out to be a series of Christian catacomb . we follow the figure past the primitive symbol cut into its black wall until he stop in front of a dark niche . then he gingerly set down the cage contain the rat , and hurry back out . as the music grow very loud ... a pair of hand appear : marble white with fu manchu nail . they wrap like spider around the cage . withdraw with it into the dark . ext . inn -- day a scaffold have be erect lead to gustav 's second floor window . on top of it sit the camera / tripod operate by muller and paul -- both wear goggle and lab coat . 0o.s. a phonograph spin background music . int . inn -- hutter's room -- day the sun rise . hutter , in bed , wake . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s . ) all right , hutter . it 's be a fitful night . you dream that a jackal frighten away the horse and leave you strand hundred of mile from you beloved wife . but you be a modern man . aman of science . you wake refresh , eager to continue you journey to the castle of the nobleman who may very well make you fortune . murnau in goggle and lab coat , be stand at the door to gustav 's room . beside he stand galeen , at he foot sit elke . 28 . murnau ( cont . ) what 's that beside you bed ? pick it up . it 's that ridiculous book from the night before . the book about vampire . int . inn -- gustav be room -- day gustav in bed , muller at the window , grau out of sight of the camera , murnau at the door . since the last time we see the room , all the cross have be stripped from its wall . murnau ( cont . ) now you remember . the superstitious peasant put it there . the one who warn you not to visit orlock 's castle , who warn you not even to speak he name -- nosferatu , the unclean , the undead -- lest you evoke the creature itself . the innkeeper' wife peek in from the hall behind murnau . galeen what I would like to know be : do all the room contain this book ? sort of the transylvanian version of the gideon 's Bible ? murnau and --end . henrik , please do not spoil the mood . Wolf , do you get that ? innkeeper' wife herr Doctor ... murnau ( ignore she ) Wolf ... innkeeper' wife I be sorry herr Doctor , but ... murnau ( exasperate ) albin , deal with the native ... grau take the innkeeper' wife out into the hall . murnau ( cont . ) Wolf ! 29 . muller ( distract , quietly ) the shot be perfect , friedrich . murnau what 's get into you ? paul herr muller sleep poorly again last night . murnau you name be Paul , be not it ? please pack one of the car as I instruct . you and you ... ( indicate Maria and elke ) «-ehelp he . then you can all take the rest of the afternoon off . not you , gustav . take a hour for lunch and then get into you travel costume . albin , be the carriage ready ? albin ? he look around angrily , charge into the ... int . inn -- hallway -- continuous where galeen , grau , and the innkeeper' wife be talk . grau , smoking a cigarette , seem especially annoyed . murnau ( cont . ) what the hell have get into every - one ? galeen she 's worried about the cross . murnau why be I be bother with this ? grau ( to the innkeeper 's wife ) we will put they back . they just over - whelm the composition . innkeeper' wife I tell you , herr grau , they be not for decoration . you should be more concerned about such thing . and you should be more cautious than to leave here at night . 30 . galeen what be you talk about ? innkeeper' wife every night someone take one of you ... she mime turn a steering wheel . murnau do you know anything about this , albin ? grau no . where would anyone go ? murnau henrik , check the petrol . galeen hurry out . murnau poke he head back into ... int . gustav' room -- continuous the crew be pack up equipment , replace the cross , etc . murnau have anyone be drive the car at night ? everyone say no . murnau Wolf ? Wolf ? muller , stare blankly toward the mountain , turn angrily . muller what do you want from I , friedrich ? I have not take you fuck car . murnau look at he hard . exit . ext . inn -- day galeen be inspect the car . murnau emerge from the inn . galeen well , the tank be definitely lower than when we arrive . 31 . murnau do you think the local might be go for a joyride ? galeen shrug . murnau ( cont . ) well , do you think this will be a problem ? grau step out of the stable lead a pair of horse harness to a small carriage . grau only you can answer that , herr Doctor . when will we meet we vampire ? murnau soon.. ext . sunset -- continuous as the sun set over the forest ... ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) ext . forest -- evening .«.- gustav ( as hutter ) walk along the side of a hill , pass a icon mount in a little wooden shrine . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) we pull back to reveal murnau , grau , and galeen stand beside the car while muller film the scene . murnau all right , hutter . this be the icon the local have erect to mark the boundary between the land of the live and the land of the dead . look at it ... and walk on . he do , walk out of the frame . murnau and --end ! gustav thank god , I be starve . 32 . murnau there 's food in the car . we be not go back just yet . as gustav break out a wicker picnic basket ... galeen where be we go , friedrich ? murnau you will see . muller it 's nearly dark . I can not do a night shoot . not alone . murnau I have you equipment pack for you , Wolf . albin will assist you . it 's important that very few of we be present for this . galeen I suppose we be reach for the spontaneous effect you speak of on the train . muller pack up he equipment , the other -- still eat -- begin climb into the car . murnau incidentally , I hope everyone have they papers . just in case . galeen just in case of what ? murnau we be crossing the border . he climb in . galeen and grau trade tired look . then we follow the car as it drive east , away from the set sun . ext . automobile -- night from behind : the automobile pull to a stop . car door slam o.s . we look up to see , illuminate by the headlight : 33 . ext . orlock's castle -- continuous formerly a medieval monastery , crumble to ruin on the hilltop . murnau climb up to its huge wooden door , open it . galeen be we expect ? grau so this be Poland . when do we cross the border ? galeen I be asleep . murnau quickly , do not lose this . this sense of dread . now listen closely , hutter ... murnau return , put a arm across gustav 's shoulder , lead he inside . the other follow , slowly , in the car ... murnau ( cont . ) «after have be desert on the road , a mysterious carriage find you and bring you here . you be tired , disorient , and at last the fore - bode that infect the entire region have begin to infect you . ext . courtyard -- continuous «+. through a courtyard face with half - timbere wall . murnau ( cont . ) Park over there , albin . Wolf , hurry , set up the camera in there . muller climb out , set up the camera , while grau hook up a carbon - be lamp to a generator and flood the scene with light . revealing , at the other end , a low archway , brace with a scaffold , lead into a black , forbid tunnel . grau ( indicate the scaffold ) who build this ? I think I be in charge of set construction . 34 . murnau I send worker ahead this morning . never mind that now . hutter , stand over there , out of sight and do not look until I call you . Wolf , get a second camera focus on gustav -- I want he reaction to this . galeen to what ? infect by he enthusiasm , the man quickly set up the equip - ment , climb into they lab coat and goggle . then grau and galeen step behind the light , murnau and muller each take a camera . there 's a long moment heavy with anticipation ... murnau ready ? all right , Wolf . Roll camera . «+»muller and murnau begin cranking they camera ... murnau ( cont . ) ( hypnotically ) this be perfect . just a dark hole . that 's be untouched , unexplored for a long , long time . and then , one night , something crawl out . ext . dark archway -- night .-. and something emerge from the shadow . it 's max schreck in the role of Count orlock , the vampire . cadaver - like in a long coat and turban , he have a rodent face , talon - like nail , and he move stiffly , as if hamper in he walk . murnau ET al . watch he in frighten disbelief . ext . orlock's castle -- dark archway -- night the same , except recreate from nosferatu . murnau ( 0.s . ) ( continue ) hutter ! meet Count orlock ! 35 . hutter enter , see orlock . he freeze , stare in horror . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) int . courtyard -- as before orlock indicate the tunnel . hutter , unnerve , follow . just as they be about to be engulf by the darkness , hutter look back at we with a expression of genuine terror . murnau ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) and --end . gustav , unnerve , rush back while schreck , unnotice by the other , disappear back into the shadow . gustav what the fuck be that !? murnau that be you finest moment , gustav . gustav that be not act ! it be a trick , a cheap trick to ...to ... elicit a real response from I . it be unfair , it be unethical , and it be ... it be ... grau .-. genius . galeen yes . well do , gustav . muller congratulation , gustav . gustav look at they in disbelief and then , off they awed reaction : gustav ( preen ) it be good , be not it ? murnau all right , gustav , if you be quite finish collect you laurel . let 's pack up . 36 . grau that 's it ? why drive all this way and shoot one scene ? murnau I would have drive anywhere at any - time to get that look of gustav 's . albin , I think we should take the film with we . grau collect the film , exit to the car . murnau ( cont . ) we will leave the equipment , come back tomorrow , shoot the exterior of the castle and some of the scene with hutter alone . Max will join we after dark and we will shoot they scene together . Wolf ? where 's he get to now ? gustav never mind he . what 's happen to schreck ? galeen yes , friedrich , where be schreck ? and why will not he join we until night ? where do he sleep ? gustav the earth in which he be interred , no doubt . murnau that 's enough of that , gustav . now listen to I , both of you : for the remainder of the shoot , Max will be Count orlock . he will not break character , he will not answer question as Max schreck . galeen will he answer question as the vampire ? murnau just leave he alone , henrik . the man will be absolutely authentic , without any phony effect . he will be the vampire , we will film it , and that will be that . 37 . galeen sound like a lunatic to I . gustav no , I have hear about this Russian - — train actor . still , if the son of a bitch try to suck my blood in the name of verisimilitude ... grau ( 0.s. ) ( call ) friedrich ! they hurry out of the courtyard ... ext . orlock's castle -- continuous ... discover grau crouch over a prone muller . grau I find he here . he 's ... faint . murnau henrik , get the car . gustav , help we lift he up . while galeen fetch the car , the other help muller to he foot . then the car arrive , galeen climb out , help he in - side . and that 's when they see the two bleed pinhole in muller 's throat . galeen look at they , glare angrily at ... murnau who turn away , shut the castle door , look up to see : schreck watch they from a window . ext . orlock's castle -- as before murnau return to the car , climb in , they drive away . int . automobile -- continuous grau tend to muller 's wound while galeen stare dagger at murnau . there 's a uncomfortable silence . 38 . ext . inn -- night the car pull up , grau help muller inside ... int . inn -- continuous -.- where the racket wake the innkeeper' wife who climb down the stair carry a candle . grau brandy , hurry . she shuffles out as muller slump down at one of the table . galeen all right , herr Doctor , what 's go on here ? murnau stop be so theatrical , henrik . you will wake everyone in the house . she return , set a bottle of brandy in front of muller . he look up at she - - exhaust , deathly pale -- and that 's when she , too , see the wound . cross herself ... innkeeper' wife nosferatu ... .-. and stumble out again . gustav this be too much ! galeen answer I , herr Doctor . be this some ... stunt to evoke terror in we ? murnau I have nothing to do with this . enter paul . paul what 's happen ? grau he 's ill . murnau put he to bed . 39 . paul lead he away , the man help themselves to the brandy . gustav what about the mark on he throat ? murnau I do not know , gustav . they be mosquito , bloodsuck insect . galeen oh for chrissake , friedrich , do not quote my script back at I . murnau all right , what do you think it be ? galeen you hear the woman -- nosferatu . murnau henrik , that 's the kind of thing I would expect from albin , not you . galeen look , I concede it may not be a monster who cast no reflection in a mirror , but why could not it be some derange person who haunt this wood and have succeed in scare this people to death . murnau we have drive thirty kilometer to - night . how exactly do this derange person follow we ? gustav well ... what about schreck ? galeen yes , what about he ? murnau you be not agree with ... ( indicate gustav ) «- ehim now , be you ? Max schreck 's a character actor from Berlin . I admit he preparation be odd ... galeen odd enough to get so deep inside he vampire character that he forget Max schreck altogether ? 40 . gustav God know I forget . murnau schreck 's peculiarity be like lovemake game : you believe they while they be happen but you always stop before anyone be seriously hurt . galeen you would know ... gustav nevertheless , I intend to put all of that cross back up in my room . gustav go off to bed follow by grau and galeen . murnau remain at the table stare into the candlelight . int . crypt -- night from behind : a figure ( schreck , but we do not see he face ) sit at a table read by candlelight . on the floor around he be mountain of old , rotting book . o.s. we hear a car drive up , a door close . footstep . the figure close he book with white , taper finger . schreck ( breathe with difficulty ) the wood decay , the wood decay and fall , the vapor weep they burthen to the ground . another figure ( we can not see who it be ) enter and nervously set a bottle of blood on the table . schreck ( cont . ) dinner ? you set a very mean table . schreck pick up the bottle ... schreck ( cont . ) no rat ? ..-. and begin click he fingernails against it . schreck ( cont . ) there be a time when I be feed from golden chalice , but now .... do not look at I that way . I have tell you : in my old age I feed erratically ... 41 . the first figure leave . schreck ( cont . ) «-- often enormously . ext . orlock's castle -- evening sunset . grau and galeen examine papers spread across the hood of one of the car . galeen how much more , albin ? grau ( lock at the schedule ) well , we be already finish at the inn and they be wrapping up the Czech exterior today . if the scene inside the castle go as smoothly , I do not see any reason why we should not be filming in wismar in a fortnight and onto helgoland a fortnight after that . ever be there ? helgoland ? galeen no . grau a cold little dune in the North Sea . galeen I be just wonder how much longer Wolf will be able to hold up . grau he seem better . herr Doctor 's keep I away from he , but he remember nothing from the night of he attack . as he say it , the second car lurch up . the other man climb out . grau how would it go ? muller ( weak , but enthusiastic ) good . I get a pretty stun sunset just now : ray shoot out behind cloud , real High baroque stuff . 42 . galeen and where 's ... he bare he tooth , curl he finger into claw . murnau he will be here by nightfall . they gather up they equipment , head into the castle . clock with a skeleton on it . it strike midnight . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) int . orlock's castle -- dine room -- continuous elke and maria be finish the set-- hang tapestry , set the table , etc . -- when the man enter and begin fix the light ( hook up to hum generator ) , draw the camera line on the floor , etc . murnau ( flipping through he script ) we will do two scene here tonight : the first where hutter dine with the vampire and the second where the vampire see the picture of hutter 's wife . we will shoot they in reverse order so gustav can build emotionally to the more dramatic of the two . albin , clear off the food and get the locket and the contract . Wolf , can we get it darker in here ? dustier ? as everyone jump to he command , we pull back until we be watch the little area of light and activity through a gape hole in the castle 's roof . ext . orlock's castle -- night close on : one of the automobile . suddenly , a claw - like hand rake across its chrome ... int . orlock's castle -- dine room -- as before --- and a car horn blow 0.s. : startling the crew , turn all eye to murnau ... 43 . galeen someone want to go scare up we vampire ? murnau I will get he . -.-- who dash out in one direction . as schreck creep in from the other ( accompany , oddly , by a barely perceptible dimming of the arc light ) . the crew freeze , watch he . in turn , he watch they -- especially the woman . murnau hurry back in . murnau ( breathless , relieved ) ah , there you be . for that of you who have not meet he , this be Max schreck who will be portray we vampire , Count orlock . as you have no doubt hear , Max 's method be a bit unconventional . I expect you all to respect he artistry in this matter . all right place everybody . orlock , you sit there . schreck sit at the end of the table , leer at the under - standably uncomfortable woman . murnau walk over to gustav . murnau gustav , do you have the locket ? gustav yes , herr Doctor . as murnau continue , maria roll a make - up cart over to schreck , take off he turban . then she put on a medical magnifier , pick up a stick of greasepaint . stop . tran - fix . schreck , on the other hand , be utterly intrigue . murnau all right , hutter . in this scene , orlock be about to sign the real estate papers you have bring he ... schreck look at the papers on the table in front of he . maria put down the greasepaint ... murnau ( cont . ) «-- and you be about to make a con - siderable amount of money . when all of a sudden ... 44 , '' -- and pick up a powder puff . schreck sneer at it . murnau no , no make -up ! what be you do !? maria forgive I , herr Doctor . murnau albin , get this people off the set . grau direct elke and maria off the set . murnau get down on he haunch in front of gustav and schreck . murnau ( cont . ) gustav , you stand behind he , at he shoulder ... gustav stand behind schreck , read over he shoulder . murnau ( cont . ) «-- orlock , you read the document . schreck it 's blank . gustav Act it , for heaven 's sake . schreck what should it say ? murnau it 's a contract ... schreck look meaningfully at murnau . murnau ( cont . ) 's -a real estate contract . schreck I would like some make - up . murnau well you do not get any . be everybody ready ... murnau get behind the camera , adjust he goggle . signal elke to put on the phonograph . and ... murnau ( cont . ) «eeand , roll camera . action . all right , orlock , read the papers . ( more ) 45 . murnau ( cont . ) ( cont would ) intensely . after all , how often do you get correspondence from the live ? hear this , schreck look up a bit . murnau ( cont . ) no , do not look up . do not look at the camera . you do not even care about the content of the contract . all you can think about be all that juicy throat wait for you in Germany . and you , hutter . even though it repel you , get closer to he . you want to point out a few detail of the contract . but what 's this ? Drop the locket , hutter . hutter drop he locket onto the table . schreck see it , pick it up in he talon , open it . locket close on : a portrait of greta as ellen hutter inside . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) schreck ( 0.s. this be greta schroeder . the actress . I have see she photograph before . murnau ( 0.s. ) no , orlock , you do not know she . galeen ( 0.8 . ) he 's suppose to ask who it be . comment on she beautiful throat . schreck ( 0.s. ) she 's frightening . gustav ( 0.8 . ) what 's he talk about ? int . dine room -- as before murnau end ! 46 . gustav Jesus , Max ... murnau no , that 's fine . really . henrik , help I here . help the vampire find he motivation . galeen walk up to schreck , kneel beside he . galeen all right , Count . think about it this way : what be the thing that inspire the most long in you ? the thing that be most desirable , and yet most unattainable ? schreck turn away , entrance by the think . and then , after a long moment , turn back again . schreck the light of the sun . beat . galeen look at he , not unaffected . then murnau walk over , direct galeen out of the way . murnau good , that 's the emotion . use it . now when you see the locket ask who it be , hutter will say it 's he wife , you will comment on she throat , and he will take it back . get it ? schreck what do it matter what I say ? it 's a silent picture . murnau thank you , orlock , for point out the technical deficiency of we young art form . talk to he , henrik . you two seem to be get along today . galeen you have to understand , Count , if art do anything at all , it create the skill necessary for appreciate it . consequently silent picture have create a audience of lip reader . 47 . murnau all right . hutter collect you locket . nosferatu read you papers . Wolf , roll camera--action ! int . orlock's castle -- dine room -- night hutter stand behind orlock who read he papers . hutter drop he locket , orlock slowly scoops it up . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) schreck who be this woman ? gustav it 's my wife , ellen . schreck she have a beautiful bosom . galeen ( 0.s. ) oh , Jesus ... murnau ( 0.s. ) just go on . snatch it back , gustav . he do . murnau ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) okay , sign the papers , vampire . orlock pick up a quill pen , sign . schreck I understand we be go to be neighbor . murnau ( 0.s. ) how do that make you feel , hutter ? hutter look sick . murnau ( cont . ) and --end . very good , give the lip reader a thrill . Wolf ? 48. int . dine room -- as before muller get it in two . murnau excellent ! next shot . same set , a day earlier . albin ? murnau walk over to grau , the crew reset the scene . we remain behind with ... schreck May I see the locket again , please ? gustav hand it to he . gustav you never meet greta in Berlin ? maybe you know she husband -- she latest husband , I should say . Paul wegener ? the film director ? schreck just leer at it . gustav ( cont . ) do not slobber on it , for chrissake . he walk away in disgust . maria and elke finish set the table in front of he , murnau march over , inspect it , make a quick adjustment . murnau let 's go on . he go over to the camera , adjust he goggle . gustav sit down opposite schreck who continue to ogle the locket . murnau ( cont . ) Max , put the locket away . no Max , give it to ... he indicate elke . schreck give it up reluctantly . murnau ( cont . ) all right . gustav , this be the scene from the night before , where you first meet the Count and he give you dinner . be that clear ? good , start eat . and you , orlock -- ignore you guest and read the papers he bring ( more ) 49 . murnau ( cont . ) ( cont would ) you . good. excellent . Music . Roll camera . and --action ! int . orlock's castle -- dine room -- night hutter eat uneasily while orlock pore over a document . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) look at you host , hutter . could this have be the stranger who drive you to the castle ? ext . forest -- night orlock , he face conceal by a heavy wrap , sit in the driver 's seat on top of the carriage . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) int . orlock's castle -- as before close on : orlock examine the document . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) be you afraid of he ? be he even human ? how do you feel about eat near he ? about spend the night with he alone ? hutter eat distractedly . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ( continue ) now reach for the knife . cut a slice of bread . slice ... slice ... watch you finger , hutter ... 50 . hutter , he attention fix on orlock , cut he thumb . a little blood well up . gustav damn ! murnau ( 0.s. ) ( get carry away ) look , nosferatu ! blood , blood !! orlock and hutter orlock look up , drop the contract , stand quickly . he begin breathe very hard , try to grab hutter 's hand . hutter pull away . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) galeen ( 0.s. ) herr Doctor ! gustav damn it , murnau , I really cut myself ! grau ( 0.s. ) calm down , gustav ! gustav you do that intentionally ! that knife be sharpen like a razor ! orlock and hutter no longer recreate . schreck grab gustav 's hand again . gustav Jesus Christ ! get this asshole off of I ! galeen and grau be rush to help he when the light and camera tip over and the room go dark . murnau locate another light , hook it up . and that 's when he see schreck -- on he hand and knee , crouch over a prone muller . murnau shove he away , replace the light . galeen my God , Wolf ! 51 . he rush to muller 's side , kneel down . behind he , the upend camera spool film onto the ground . grau ( to schreck ) what in hell be the matter with you ? gustav he 's a red Stanislavsky lunatic be what 's the matter with he . galeen Wolf ! damnnit , friedrich , he be not breathe ! murnau hurry over to he . murnau gustav , get the woman into the car . you ... ( indicate Paul ) --.get the film . no one move . everyone be look at schreck . murnau ( cont . ) I say get the film , take it to the car ! he shove paul , grab gustav by the arm ... murnau ( cont . ) gustav , move ! «-.- but gustav just stand where he be and stare . murnau ( cont . ) leave the rest . albin , help he with the film . nothing . murnau ( cont . ) albin ! nothing . murnau stand speechless , he worst nightmare realize : he 's lose control of he film . the film finish roll out of the open camera . when it stop , muller be dead . that 's when galeen look at grau , take the initiative . 52 . galeen ( to schreck ) help I with Wolf . schreck , help I . schreck do nothing . grau push past he , go to galeen . together they lift wolf 's body and start to carry it out . grau we be finish for the night . every - one into the automobile . elke , maria , gustav , and paul hurry out . murnau glare at they , stand he ground by the break camera . galeen let 's go , herr Doctor . leave the damn camera . grau schreck , you come too . murnau no , he stay . murnau save he most damn look for schreck . 0.s. we hear the sound of car door slamm . galeen all right , leave he . let 's go . murnau follow angrily . ext . orlock's castle -- continuous they load muller 's body into one of the car , disconnect the cable . the castle go dark , the car drive off . int . dine room -- orlock's castle -- as before the set be trash , dimly light by the carbon arc inside a movie projector ( hook up to a still - operate generator ) . schreck amble through , glance at the phonograph , sniff at some make - up . accidentally turn on the projector . then he watch the film -- exterior shot of the carpathian , a sunset -- while we watch : 53 . schreck's face he watch the celluloid sunset with a un-human astonishment . as if he have not see the sun in century . because he 's really a vampire . int . automobile -- night murnau drive , gustav sit beside he . muller and galeen be in the backseat . gustav I suppose we will have to drive all the way to Prague to find a decent hospital . galeen he do not need a hospital . ext . inn -- continuous the car pull up , people rush inside , help with the body , etc . murnau buttonhole grau , pull he aside . murnau ( confidentially ) albin , tell I honestly . do you think what 's he name , Wolf 's assistant , can finish filming this ? grau Paul ? no chance . murnau what about you ? grau no . you be the close we have to a photographer . galeen ( hearing they ) what be you talk about ? this film end here . murnau he tell I he want we to go on . galeen who ? 54 . murnau Wolf . he have a premonition . he say that if anything happen to he , we be to finish the movie . galeen and that make it all right ? we be not go to have time to make a picture . we be go to spend the rest of we time here deal with the local authority ... murnau I think we can bribe we way out of that . galeen «-- we have to bring he body back to Germany . murnau we can ship it . like what 's - she - name , the girl on the train . galeen she be not once you lover , you bastard ! he take a swing at murnau . murnau duck out of the way . murnau listen to I , henrik . the film can not survive a long interruption . the financier would take control and finish it themselves . and even if they do not , it would ruin the spirit I have work so hard to instill . we would need to begin again with entirely new personnel . galeen be you even listen to yourself ? murnau actually , this may be propitious . death can be use . gustav 's never be more on edge . galeen you be out of you goddamn mind , you obsessive fuck fanatic ! 55 . galeen lunge for murnau , but murnau push he away . galeen , the wind knock out of he , fall on all four . murnau I will drive to the station tonight ... no , I will drive directly to Berlin . get another photographer and be back within a week . the rest of you will wait here . murnau go to grau , grab he by the shoulder ... murnau ( cont . ) ( intensely ) you be the producer , albin . keep my company together . and as for you , henrik ... --.- then he climb into one of the car ... murnau ( cont . ) .-. try to understand . when you write the scenario you have demon of you own to work out . and now I have mine . «and drive away . int . crypt -- night once again , a figure read by candlelight . and , once again , we hear footstep 0.s. and a second figure enter . schreck the wood decay , the wood decay and fall , the vapor weep they burthen to the ground , man come and till the field and lie beneath , and after many a summer die the swan . figure ( murnau ) how could you be so stupid ? schreck I only cruel immortality consume ; I wither slowly in thine arm , here at the quiet limit of the world -- figure ( murnau ) stop recite that damned poem ! 56 . the seat figure sit forward and we get we first real look at max schreck : eye bloodshot , tooth yellow , skin tissue - — thin over a skein of black vein . this be not movie make - up . schreck do you think you could appease I with rat , herr Doctor ? at that the figure slam he hand onto the table : it be , indeed , murnau . murnau you kill my photographer , you fool ! schreck alas for this gray shadow once a man . or even bottle of blood ? murnau stop act so pleased with yourself ! schreck do I kill one of you people , murnau ? I can not remember ... murnau we have a arrangement ! schreck do not pretend you mourn for the man , herr Doctor . I know you ... murnau you monster , why he ? do not you understand the film can not go on without he ? there be other less indispensable . why not the script — girl ? why not ... schreck ah. perhaps I will eat the scriptgirl later . murnau we bargain . you agree not to hurt my people . schreck grab murnau 's arm . for a instant we see just how afraid he really be of schreck ... schreck I think you forget we bargain . 57 . «and then he yank he arm away , put some distance between himself and the vampire . no answer . nothing . murnau listen to I . I have to go to Berlin to get another photographer . you must control yourself while I be away . schreck I do not think we need the writer any longer . murnau he 's necessary . they be all necessary , do you understand ? schreck I do not think the ship be necessary . murnau the ship ? what be you talk about ? there be a dozen scene on the ship . schreck but I will not sail . murnau why do not you tell I this before ? murnau ( cont . ) how else be the vampire suppose to get to bremen ? murnau ( cont . ) ( exasperate ) oh all right . I will think of something . just do not hurt my people . schreck or else what ? murnau do not think I can not harm you . schreck tell I how you would harm I . when even I be not certain how I could harm myself . 58 . murnau I can harm you by not give you what you want . ( off schreck 's reaction ) yes , forget again who 's in charge here at you own risk . now abide by we contract -- and I will , too . murnau storm out . schreck watch he go . then he pull out the locket he steal : the one with greta 's picture in it . schreck but thy strong hour indignant work would they will , and beat I down and marr would and waste I , and though ' they could not end I , leave I maim would to dwell in presence of immortal youth , Immortal age beside immortal youth , and all I be in ash . int . hutter's house ( bedroom ) -- night greta , as ellen , wake from a nightmare . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) ext . inn -- day galeen , grau , paul , and a few peasant stand watch as the wagon contain muller 's coffin drive away . enter elke and maria , in bathing suit and sunglass , carry a picnic basket . they be follow by gustav , similarly attire . elke we be go to the river . gustav lope over to the other . gustav what be you go to do today ? grau I think I might get drunk . grau produce a bottle . gustav what 's that ? the local schnapp ? it 's not bad , actually . look , why do not you come down to the river with ( more ) 59 . gustav ( cont would ) we , sit upon the ground and tell sad storey about the death of king . galeen gustav ... gustav sorry , look I be upset about Wolf 's death , too . but my God the place be depress enough as it be . grau all right gustav , go swim . ( to Paul ) you go , too . paul thank you , herr grau . gustav if you change you mind , you know where to find we . gustav and paul join the girl and jog off . galeen how much of that stuff do you have ? grau Three bottle . galeen you think it might make we blind ? grau hope so . hey , how ' bout a drive ? galeen where to ? grau ( open the car door ) how ' bout Poland ? int . orlock's castle -- night galeen and grau be sprawle out drunk in one of the court - — yard of orlock 's castle . moonlight illuminate two empty bottle of schnapp at they foot . they pass the third . galeen albin , what 's the most wondrous thing you have ever see ? 60 . grau I see ectoplasm once . galeen what 's that ? ectoplasm ? grau it 's the mystical substance of ghost . I see a spiritualist pull it out of he mouth in Italy . galeen what do it look like ? grau seaweed . galeen be that what we be suppose to look like when we die ? grau I hope not . what about you ? what be the most wondrous thing you ever see ? galeen ( conspiratorially ) I see greta schroeder naked . grau no . galeen yes . grau beat ectoplasm . suddenly schreck emerge from the darkness . galeen Jesus , Max , you scared I to death . grau how long have you be listen there ? galeen we have be search this place all day for you coffin . grau maybe this be not he rest place . 61 . galeen you know , you be right . I would not let camera into my house . do not we have something to say to he ... schreck walk over to they , glare menacingly . they be too drunk to notice . grau Silent fucker , be not he ? galeen .-. something about herr Doctor ? grau right . Max ... friedrich wilhelm murnau , the great white hope of the german film industry , have go to Berlin to fetch a new photographer . galeen Wolf 's dead . grau so you can take the funny ear off . galeen albin . please . the man 's a artist . grau he 's still in character . that 's dedication . galeen hey , ask he some vampire question . grau all right . Count orlock ... be you name really Count orlock ? schreck I can not recall . schreck sit next to they . they hand he the bottle , he sniff at it , take a sip . in the dark , only he head and hand really show . grau when do you first become a vampire ? galeen where be you bear ? or be you bear ? 62. schreck I can not remember . he take another drink . grau this be not any fun . galeen do you think Count dracula forget ? schreck I read that book . murnau give it to I . galeen well this be quite a opportunity . speak as a vampire , what be you opinion of the book 's technical merit ? schreck it make I sad . grau why ? schreck because dracula have no servant . grau I think you miss the point of that book , orlock . schreck dracula have not have servant in four hundred year . and then a man come to he ancestral home and he must convince he that he 's still ... that he 's like the man . he have to feed he , when he himself have not eat food in century . can he even remember how to buy bread ? how to select cheese and wine ? grau speak of which ... schreck take a pull , pass the bottle ... schreck and then he have to remember the rest of it : how to prepare a meal , how to ( more ) 63 . schreck ( cont would ) make a bed . he remember he past glory -- he army , he retainer -- and what he be reduce to . the loneliest moment in the book be when the man accidentally see dracula set he table . «-- get the bottle back , drink . he 's start to sway . grau if you be so lonely why do not you ... make more vampire ? schreck ioca not . I be too old . although I seem to recall that I be never able to . galeen how do you become a vampire ? schreck it be a woman . galeen now we be get somewhere . grau what woman ? schreck my wife . my first and only wife . grau she be a vampire ? schreck I do not know . she be my child bride . she go into labor with we first child . I be not permit to see she in this condition . perhaps she die -- I know the baby do . but she return to I that night . and after that I only see she at night . and then I grow ill and become after many , many year what I be now . he start to break down . drink more . a bat flutter by . schreck grab it , bite into it . galeen and grau watch in astonishment , too drunk to realize the danger they be in . galeen schreck , the german theater need you . 64 . schreck finish with the bat : there 's blood on he chin and he look even sadder than before . schreck we be together in the night and then she leave I . at first I hada painting of she on wood . and then I have a relief of she in marble . and then I have a picture of she in my mind . and now I no longer even have that . what be I say ? grau easy with the bottle there , old boy . schreck this be the schnapp they make in this part . I have not taste it in ... he drop the bottle , bolt to he foot . then he look at the two man and lurch away . galeen retrieve the bottle , wipe off its mouth in disgust . they laugh . int . murnau' apartment ( study ) -- night murnau , half - dress , talk on the phone at the same time he excitedly arrange he office as a screen room : arrange chair , set up a screen , etc . murnau ( into the phone ) I do not care what they be pay you , greta , we have a contract . greta ... greta ...look . what be it you really want ? he step behind he desk , begin load film onto a movie projector sit there . too distract to notice that someone 's listen to he from the doorway . murnau ( cont . ) it 's to live forever , be not it ? to be beautiful and brilliant until the end of time ? well the stage can not do that for you . because in the course of a few generation there will not be a live soul to remember what you do on it . only film can make you immortal , greta . do you understand ? only I can make you immortal . greta ... greta ... ( more ) he slam the 65 . murnau ( cont . ) ( cont would ) ( at wit ' end ) '' +eoh , all right I will match they pay . receiver onto its cradle , look up to see micheline --wear a diaphanous gown , carry a bottle of champagne - - frame in the archway lead to the hall . the effect be not unlike that of orlock when first we see he . murnau ( cont . ) hold it ! what a shot ! he make a little finger viewfinder . she walk up to he , kiss he . they wrestle she roll on he pull she down on top of he with a bang . micheline herr Doctor , can I make it better ? murnau yes , you can kiss my bruise . better still , beat I black and blue and then kiss they . micheline no , you hit I first . murnau no , you hit I . around on the floor , end up in a long embrace . top of he and grab he by the throat . micheline enough of this mystery . why be you back so soon ? and do not tell I it 's just to placate greta schroeder . murnau you be hurt I ... micheline you be check up on my faithfulness , be that it ? murnau I come back to see you . I could not stand to be away . she roll off he laugh . pour a glass of champagne for herself ( murnau do not drink ) . murnau ( cont . ) and I have a surprise for you . 66 . micheline I hate surprise . what be it ? murnau climb to he foot , fumble with the projector . murnau my movie . he finish with the projector , kneel in front of she . murnau ( cont . ) do you remember that book you give I ? micheline what book ? murnau dracula . micheline ( suspicious ) yes ... murnau I have film it . or I would begin to ... until Wolf die . micheline then it 's true what they be say in the papers ... murnau you can not know what a nightmare it 's be . between the financier and the crew and ... the rest of it . but I have go too far to stop now . I be here to find another photographer . then I go back to the carpathian ... ( return to the projector ) +-- and then from there to wismar on the baltic . and finally to helgoland in the North Sea . and then , at last , I will come back to you . micheline «-- you have film dracula . he turn on the movie ( the scene where orlock menace hutter outside he room in the castle ) . murnau watch from beside the projector . micheline sit quickly , face the screen . 67 . murnau this be the vampire , the first time we see he as he be : not try to act human . micheline what have you do , friedrich ? he 's so ugly . murnau he 's perfect . murnau watch for a moment , when suddenly the phone ring . deflate ( evidently it 's greta again ) , he hurry out to answer it elsewhere . while we stay with ... micheline the dirge begin again , the scene project on the screen cut to more image of the sun set . and we look at she face : mesmerize by the sight of the sun . like schreck 's . the music build as we begin a ... montage ext . orlock's castle -- night the man retrieve they equipment , load it into the car . int . orlock's castle -- dine room -- continuous while the projector run , maria and elke finish pack they thing . watch they from the shadow be schreck . int . inn -- night grau cast he fortune in the tarot card , while ... ext . lake -- night «+»»maria and gustav skinny - dip in the moonlight , elke watch they from the shore . until a shadow appear behind she . end montage 68. ext . czechoslovakia -- forest -- night from above : we glide silently over the forest , a thread of phosphorescent mist woven through the tree . eventually pinprick of light appear in the break in the canopy and it become evident that a ... from ground level : mob of peasant -- carry torch , lead dog -- be move across the forest floor . follow they be the remain film company car . suddenly the forest be illuminate from above . there 's a loud chopping sound , the car pull to a stop as a ... fokker a wwi tri-plane swoops low above they . it circle and land in a clear hemmed - in by sheer cliff , the plane cut its engine , the pilot climb out . murnau . grau ( rush over to he ) herr Doctor ! murnau albin , what 's happen here ? galeen herr Doctor , thank God ! elke 's dead . murnau elke ? what be you talk about ? grau you have return just in time . they have catch the vampire . murnau what !? galeen do you think it could be the one that kill Wolf , too ? murnau henrik , calm down . albin ? grau apparently someone -- or something -- steal a baby from one of the local . the mother see it and set the dog on ( more ) 69 . grau ( cont would ) he . as far as reality go , you can not get much better than this . grau gesture to where the dog be bay and we see : ruins we be not sure we have see before : obscure by vine , carve into the live rock . the mob stop in front of it , kneel as a priest climb its stair and solemnly begin praying . suddenly , from inside , there 's a blood - freezing scream . murnau we have get to get in there . galeen be you crazy ? I be not go in there . and that 's when we notice the figure ( wagner ) in the fokker 's passenger seat . he climb into the pilot seat , cock the plane 's machine gun . and fire ... ruins -- as before uq.vicochete bullet off the fagade in a shower of dust . Chasing away the priest . scatter the peasant . silence . a dog howl , there 's another scram from inside . the dumbfounded crew watch as the figure leap out of the plane , peel off he goggle : he 's in he early 30 , tall and blonde , wear military uniform complete with sidearm . wagner I will go in there . murnau meet we new photographer . fritz arno wagner . galeen what in hell be that all about ? wagner just a demonstration . I get impatient wait for the mumbo jumbo to end , if you know what I mean . now , why do not you hold onto this and I will get my camera . 70 . he reach into the plane , pull out a large metal canister stencile " giftgas . " galeen what be it ? grau it 's from the war . mustard gas . wagner retrieve he camera / tripod , hoist it onto he shoulder , climb down from the plane , and then head in the direction of the ruin ... grau ( cont . ) ( to murnau ) I like this guy . -.-- with the rest of the man in tow . the peasant clear a path for they at the entrance to the ruin . wagner set up he camera , take the canister from galeen , twist something , toss it inside . begins filming . a instant later there 's a flash and a explosion . part of the fagade clatter to the earth , smoke and bat belch out the entrance , the mob shriek and run away . galeen you ass ! there 's a baby in there . wagner ( still filming ) nothing to fear . murnau it 's just a harmless smoke bomb . after a few moment , the smoke clear and the crew -- along with a few local man - - go inside . int . ruins -- continuous part cave , part ruin : stalactite drip from the ceiling , brick archway lead into dark recess . the man move gingerly , squinting through the smoke , step over the stunne bat squeaking on the ground . suddenly , the dog snarl ... --- and a figure -- cough , bellow -- stagger from the shadow . murnau take a step toward he , but before he reach he wagner manage to draw he gun . shoot the figure , wing he in the shoulder . the figure choke , drop into the smoke still cling to the ground . 71 . grau I think you need a wooden stake to do that . murnau rush to the body , turn it over . close on : a ashen - face man with jag tooth and a shave head . but it be not schreck -- although the man seem to have disfigure himself in order to resemble he . murnau stand , breathes a private sigh of relief . murnau well , henrik . here 's you lunatic who think he 's a vampire . just then a baby cry , the dog bark . a few of the man race into one of the dark recess ... ext . ruins -- as before ... and emerge carry the ( healthy ) baby and the ( wounded ) vampire . paul walk up to murnau et al . paul they be say it be the son of a widow who recently die . nota vampire at all . just some local drive crazy by grief or something . at that , a old peasant woman walk up to murnau . for a moment we think she 's about to offer congratulation . but instead she let rip a torrent of unintelligible abuse that end with she spitting on the ground . she 's follow by a few other who cross themselves at the sight of wagner ( and especially he camera ) before head off . the crew watch , then gather by the plane . wagner damn , end of reel . you know , I could film this in slow motion and it would be incredibly move . grau what 's that ? slow motion ? wagner I run the film through the camera too fast . that way , when it 's project ( more ) 72 . wagner ( cont would ) at normal speed , thing appear to be move unnaturally slow . it give everything a kind of resonance . murnau fritz be a genius at the mechanic of trick photography . it 's too bad he will not have a chance to demonstrate he more esoteric skill in this production . wagner as you say , herr Doctor . wagner smile , throw grau a " wait and see " look . int . orlock's castle -- crypt -- day hutter descend to orlock 's crypt , discover he coffin . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) close on : the coffin lid . through its crack , hutter see the sleep vampire ... ( recreated from nosferatu . ) hutter «.. throw back the lid , stumble back to the staircase , and -- paralyze with fear -- pull himself out of the crypt . ) recreated from nosferatu . ) grau ( 0.s . you know , I have never understand this part of the book . Sarah bernhardt sleep in a coffin and no one ever accuse she of be a vampire . murnau ( 0.s. ) and -- end . very good , gustav . extra - ordinary show of discipline in the face of ridicule . int . orlock's castle -- crypt -- night the man strip off they goggle . maria and paul turn off the light , begin coiling cable , etc . 73. gustav ( return ) God , I be exhaust . grau fritz , what 's leave ? it 's almost four . schreck ( still in the coffin ) four ? wagner be the coffin ready ? grau they be already in the courtyard . wagner good . everybody hurry please . everyone exit ... except murnau who , contemplate he goggle , bridle under wagner 's usurpation of he control . a moment later , gustav return to retrieve a lose pair of glove . look at murnau for a moment ... gustav what do you expect , herr Doctor ? when thing go wrong people prefer general to oracle . ... then he pick up a oil lantern , lead murnau out . as he light fade out on the stair , schreck climb out of the coffin , follow . int . orlock's castle -- continuous murnau catch up with the other . wagner herr Doctor , I have get a great idea for the next scene . murnau please , fritz , just film it the way I want . grau what be it fritz ? 74 . murnau ( exasperate ) let 's not even discuss it . wagner ( to murnau ) I think you be open to the unexpected . ( to grau ) all right , in this scene the vampire be load he coffin onto a cart in order to ship himself to Germany , right ? what if I run the film through the camera a few frame per second too slow ? grau then , when the film be project at the normal speed , Count orlock appear to be move incredibly fast . ext . orlock's castle -- courtyard -- continuous they emerge in a outer courtyard open onto the wood . wagner and then listen to this : we finish the scene with stop-motion animation . orlock climb into a open coffin , the coffin lid scramble up all by it - self ... and close on top of he . grau then the driverless wagon pull away as if by occult intervention . it 's perfect . wait for they be a horsecart and a pile of plain wooden coffin . paul adjust a light from a window above , schreck examine the coffin . murnau fritz , you get you way with the carriage , be not that enough ? wagner that be not my way , herr Doctor . that be in the script , right henrik ? galeen the script call for the vampire 's carriage , the one carry hutter to ( more ) 75 . galeen ( cont would ) the castle , to pass through a white forest at night . ext . forest - night in negative : orlock 's carriage drive through the forest . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ) that 's just poetry . the reality of the page . ext . courtyard -- as before wagner it 's a heighten reality . murnau it 's merely a display of technical virtuosity . a obvious falsehood . a illusion . wagner herr Doctor , you be the Renaissance man , not I . have not you read plato ? the illusion be the shadow on the wall . the reality be the thing which cast the shadow in the first place : in this instance , a piece of celluloid a few millimeter in width . anything can happen on the celluloid , anything can be engineered there . because that 's the only reality . schreck I be tired of you sophism . it will be light shortly . let 's get on with it . murnau ( resign ) let 's see it . wagner run into the castle . a few second later we see he goggle face lean out of the window with the camera . wagner let 's try to do this one in one take , please . take you place , Max ... right there . good. ready ? light , ( more ) 76 . wagner ( cont would ) camera ... and -- action . whoops , sorry . that 's you line , herr Doctor . ext . courtyard -- night from above , in fast- motion : orlock begin load he coffin into the cart . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ) all right , Count orlock . this be the coffin which contain the soil in which you be interred . they possess all you power and they be the only thing that you will take with you from you homeland . all right , fritz ? wagner ( 0.s. ) Fine . he load the last coffin onto the cart , climb into it , the lid scramble up and seal he in . the cart drive away . murnau ( 0.s. ) and --end . courtyard -- as before the cart remain where it be -- load with coffin , schreck recumbent in the last one , its lid on the ground . wagner hurry out of the castle , yank off he goggle . wagner great . Paul , reset the camera for the animation sequence . albin , bring a piece of chalk and mark the shot . gustav , make yourself useful and hold the rein of this horse . everyone jump to he order . the significance of this do not escape murnau who stand off to one side watch . wagner ( cont . ) come on , henrik , do not look so glum . one last shot and we will all take a little cruise to wismar . as he bustles with authority , we look up to see a remarkable thing : loom over the side of the ruin castle be the prow and mast of a ship be construct on the site . 77 . then the open dirge , this time sung by a woman , begin to build and we begin another ... montage cut between the scene in nosferatu where the vampire sail to Germany and scene of the crew - - on the landlocked ship -- filming that same scene : ext . ocean -- day the " demeter , " a two - masted ship sail the ocean . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) ext . ship -- deck -- day the captain and mate throw a linen-wrapped corpse overboard . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) int . ship -- hold -- day the hold contain orlock 's coffin . the mate pick up a axe and smashes one of they open . rat swarm out . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) coffin from the mate 's p.o.v. : orlock rise magically from he box . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) paul crouch behind schreck , push he up . we pull back to see wagner filming the scene while murnau watch from the side . ext . ship set -- day while the crew set up equipment , murnau and wagner angrily trade word . 78 . ext . ship set -- hold entrance -- night in stop-motion : the tarp cover the entrance to the hold scramble back , the door open , and orlock peek out . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) ext . ship set -- night from below : orlock menace on the deck while the mast / line tower above he . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) ext . ship set -- night the crew finish shoot and exit into the ruin -- leave paul , alone , to pack up the equipment . as he turn off the light , a shadow angle down across the sail -- which turn out to be schreck , creep up behind he . ext . ship -- night the ghostly ship sail into bremen with no one at the helm . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) ext . ship ( hold entrance ) -- night rat swarm out of the hold , and scurry into the street . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) ext . bremen -- day from above : a procession of pall bearer carry coffin through the medieval street . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) the dirge end along with ... end montage 79 . ext . wismar -- tower -- day from below : we look up to see wagner filming the procession . grau , murnau , and galeen stand beside he . they all look exhaust . murnau here 's the real heighten reality , fritz . no trick . nothing engineered in the camera . wagner ( real admiration ) you will get no argument from I , herr Doctor . grau it 's perfect , friedrich . murnau what do you think , henrik ? nothing . murnau ( cont . ) ( through a megaphone ) and --end ! ( to grau ) I have to get the plane fuel for the flight to helgoland tonight . take care of thing here for I . murnau exit . the other pack up the equipment , exit , and we catch up with they ... ext . wismar ( STREET ) -- continuous -.- as they emerge on the street . then , as grau direct the collection of the last pallbearer 's prop coffin ... galeen listen , albin , what be you do tonight ? you , too , fritz . wagner well if I be not mistaken , there 's one last scene to be shot here . a night scene where the vampire carry he coffin to he new home . 80. galeen and then afterward ? will you both be back in the hotel ? grau as a matter of fact , no . I have make a appointment to see a rather renown spiritualist live here in wismar . a ectoplasmist . why ? galeen ( whisper ) I have find out where schreck sleep . where the vampire sleep . grau oh , please , henrik . do not start this again . what 's the matter with you ? grau sign off on the prop , turn , head off . we follow the man through the wind medieval street . galeen what 's the matter with I ? for the love of God , albin . people be dead . wagner that 's all over . galeen over ? where 's Paul ? what happen to he then ? wagner I do not know . maybe he just get feed up and leave . galeen do not anybody care anymore ? I know I can not expect anything from murnau , but ... look , just give I a hour . tonight , after you spiritualist . grau oh , for chrissake , henrik , do you know what kind of day we be go to have tomorrow ? it 's a six hour drive to cuxhaven before we even get on the boat . I do not know how long it take to sail to the damn island . 81. galeen where we will be cut off . seclude . I have get to show you this before we find ourselves sequester with he . they stop in front of the door to they hotel ( rustic , gable ) and we follow they inside ... int . wismar HOTEL -- continuous where they discover , talk with gustav : greta . she wear a fur coat and be surround by yapping little dog . grau greta ! kiss all around . greta why can not herr Doctor film in a studio like everybody else ? wismar . be there anything here that even vaguely resemble a cabaret ? gustav if you think this be bad , wait till we get to helgoland . greta I be suffer for my art , believe I . ( spot galeen ) henrik , you look terrible . galeen greta , you should leave here right away . greta I know it . melodrama . what 's go on here , anyway ? herr Doctor tell I to lock my door at night , gustav say everybody 's drop dead , and you can imagine what they be say in berlin. ( spot wagner ) hello . you look very familiar . wagner you remember I , do not you greta ? from Morocco . 82. greta yes , I remember you . you bring I treat . what be you name again ? fritzie ? wagner that 's right . fritzie grau fritzie ? greta take wagner by the arm , lead he upstairs ... gustav have anybody see Maria ? .-.-- follow by gustav , then grau . galeen ( shouting ) albin , will you come tonight ? grau ( tired of argue ) yes , yes . alright , henrik . galeen , alone , step to the window . watch the sun set . ext . wismar -- night we follow a figure down the crooked street and into ... int . cellar -- continuous a dirt floor , book , a coffin with a candle burn on top of it . schreck sit beside it read . enter ... murnau we leave tonight after you finish you last scene here . we be fly north , but west so there should be no problem . schreck ( not look up ) she 's here , be not she ? the glorious child ... murnau no. murnau look 83 . schreck I want to see she now . murnau no . I will not have you interfere with she like you do poor Wolf . schreck and I will not act again for you until you bring she to I . murnau do not you see you be ruin everything for both of we ? as it be everyone be about to bolt . as far as they be concerned , I be just like you . I be nosferatu . schreck you be nosferatu . at he , shocked . beat . murnau greta be in you last scene . that 's when you can have she . schreck after my death scene ... murnau yes. schreck do not expect realism there , murnau . murnau what do you mean ? schreck ( hiss ) do not cheat I , mortal . I will take she anytime I please ... murnau keep away from she . keep away from my people . leave my movie alone . schreck this be hardly you movie anymore . 84 . murnau grab schreck by the throat , pin he to the ground . at first we think he 's strangling he , but then we realize that schreck 's sibilant wheeze be actually laughter . suddenly he feature go blank . he grab murnau , lift he off the ground , and throw he crash into the wall . he scramble to he foot ... murnau wait until helgoland . we will make a end of it there . ... flee . schreck remain behind , chuckle quietly . ext . wismar -- spiritualist's -- night galeen wait impatiently beneath a sign paint with occult symbol . through the window we can see grau and wagner watch a old man yank dough-like ectoplasm from he mouth . clock Close on : a mechanical clock as it prepare to strike midnight . the gear mesh , a door open , and a bronze devil race out pursue by a bronze knight . ext . spiritualist's -- night as the clock chime 0.s. , grau and wagner emerge from the building and silently follow galeen . int . cellar -- as before the three man , carry lantern , gingerly enter the cellar , see the coffin . wagner creep up to it , throw open the lid . it 's empty . there 's a general sigh of relief , nervous laughter . wagner close it , sit , light a cigarette . wagner how do you find this place ? galeen I follow murnau here . grau oh , henrik . you be in the wrong part of the building . there 's probably a sadistic brothel upstairs . 85 . wagner herr Doctor certainly have a talent for find awful place . galeen the world be full of awful place . wagner I do not understand you , henrik . so what if schreck sleep here ? I think he have this ... character thing . galeen scoops up some dirt from beside the coffin . galeen this be the dirt in which he be interred . this be he original coffin . he need this thing in order to survive . wagner be you drunk ? galeen just hear I out . as he continue 0.8. , we follow - - from a distance -- the subject of he monologue ... ext . wismar -- night «.- creep through the twist , desert street of wismar . possibly head back to the cellar where , right now , galeen hold court . galeen ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) schreck be not a actor carry away by he role . he 's not even a actor . he 's a vampire , a real vampire . as schreck vanish down one of the street , we return to : int . cellar -- as before grau henrik , I be a well - know adept of the occult science . do not you think if he be really a vampire I would know about it ? 86 . wagner anyway , there be no vampire . galeen he eat a bat . grau he be drunk . I be drunk . you be drunk for chrissake . galeen do not you understand ? friedrich would go to any length to render a movie authentically . for the carpathian , he use the carpathian . for peasant he use peasant . for a ruin castle he use a ruin castle . fora vampire ... he use a vampire . there be nothing he would not do . nothing . they look at he . then wagner yawn , look at he watch ... wagner and I think I might get a few hour extra sleep when murnau cancel the shoot for tonight . grau I be sorry henrik . I can see how this disturb you . and I understand . I miss Wolf just as much as ... galeen you do not understand anything . -.- and head up the stair follow by grau . galeen ( call after they ) who else have to die in order to convince you ? we remain behind with galeen for a beat , then follow he upstairs ... ext . wismar -- continuous '' -- and outside . he hurry away . just as schreck 's shadow angle in behind he . and follow he to the ... 87 . ext . HOTEL -- continuous where galeen ring for the night attendant . after a tense moment , the door open , galeen go inside , the attendant shut it behind he . int . HOTEL -- hall -- night later . a door open and maria -- nightgown , candle - - emerge . she shut she door , tiptoe to another , knock softly . maria gustav ? the door open a crack . gustav peek out . smile , open the door for she , and then shut it again . we continue down the hall , make a sharp turn toward the step , and discover ... schreck : staggering up the stair to the landing . he look at the row of door , and then slowly try they -- one after another - - find they all lock . until , by the time he reach the end , he 's crawl like a addict in withdrawal . finally , he come to the last door , reach up for the knob , bear down on it . it twist to piece in he hand . and the door open . Inside we see the sleep figure of galeen . schreck crawl in , the door silently close behind he . we pull away from galeen 's room , back in the direction of the stair . and that 's when we hear the scream . but it be not galeen . grau and wagner emerge from they respective room , rush down the hall , batter down the door . revealing ... greta naked in bed , laugh obscenely . she hiss at they , something clink onto the floor . grau hold up a candle , lift the object : a steel hypodermic . grau what be it ? wagner ( cover greta ) morphine . grau morphine ? photography and pharmaceutical by fritzie ? 88 . wagner herr Doctor know all about it . grau herr Doctor be always one step ahead of we , be not he ? God , for I moment there , I be afraid she ... wagner she 's all right . get some sleep . we have a long trip tomorrow . wagner take the needle from grau , pocket it . they exit . ext . bremen -- night orlock , lug he coffin under one arm , cross the square in front of a enormous gable building . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) but just as he reach the leave foreground , he do something odd : he look up at we , at the camera . and that 's when we realize we be shoot - day-for-night . with murnau himself in the make - up of he vampire . murnau and --end ! the iris twist to black , there 's the sound of a airplane engine o.s. , and ... ext . outside wismar -- day ..- murnau 's tri-plane taxi to the edge of the field and ascend into the sky . ext . wismar -- HOTEL -- day grau cast the tarot on a upend suitcase while greta -- dark glass , fur coat , surround by luggage and lap dog -- lounge on she steamer trunk . galeen , heavily bundle , sit by himself stare at nothing . grau henrik , come here . I will cast you fortune . nothing . 89 . grau ( cont . ) what 's wrong with you ? you be act just like ... ( to himself ) «--wolf . the hotel door open , wagner step out . wagner well , he 's go . grau who ? wagner gustav . Maria , too . wagner hand grau a piece of paper . grau they have run off together . wagner the porter give I that . they hire a car and drive back to Berlin . greta typical . wagner can we proceed without he ? grau we will have to , will not we ? greta if we need gustav for anything else I be sure we can always shanghai he in Berlin . grau herr Doctor 's go to throw a fit . greta he should have know . gustav 's a flake , everyone in the reinhardt company know that . let I tell you something : when I be marry to he ... wagner you be marry to reinhardt ? 90 . greta no , fritzie . to gustav . grau you be marry to gustav ? when ? greta we be divorced last year . grau do murnau know this ? greta of course . he say something about want to cast man and wife as man and wife . of course , I have already marry again , but ... galeen look meaningfully at grau . grau turn back to he ... tarot card the fool , death , the ten of sword -- just as he have cast on the train en route to Czechoslovakia . o.s. we hear the dirge , follow this time by the sound of shore bird , wave lap against a beach . then , off the last of the three card , we dissolve to : ext . helgoland -- beach -- day / evening greta , as ellen , sit amid cross and scrub grass look out at the sea . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) murnau ( 0.s. ) I wish the fog be a little thicker . pop one of that smoke bomb , will you fritz ? wagner ( 0.s. ) hardly a realistic effect , herr Doctor . ext . helgoland -- beach -- day / evening same scene , not recreate . we pull back to see murnau , galeen , and wagner stand by the camera . while the latter busy himself with a smoke bomb ... 91 . wagner ( cont . ) but I suppose after filming you , day - for-night , dress as the vampire -- anything be possible . ..- murnau throw he a look , address himself to greta . murnau ellen , just keep think of you husband , possibly dead , far away . ( to wagner ) all right -- camera , action . keep filming , fritz . ellen , wait for the fog . wagner begin cranking the camera . enter grau . grau well , I think I find we studio . a fortify bunker , of all thing . part of we coastal defense during the last war . murnau good . how long will it take to build the set ? grau it should not take more than a day or two . greta it bloody well better not . murnau keep look out to sea , ellen . think of you nightmare . you premonition . ( to grau ) all right , albin , you and fritz and henrik , if he 's up to it , get to work right away . there 's greta 's crowded schedule to consider ... she wave . murnau roll he eye , put on he goggle ... murnau ( cont . ) «- eand we only a week until the boat from cuxhaven return . +..- turn back to the scene . 92 . int . bunker -- evening / night from the p.o.v. of the gallery : it 's a dusty , subterranean building with shadowy recess , concrete pilaster , grate nich , and a elevate gallery . of note be the principal entrance : a steel door on a system of weight and pulley . enter from one of the recess : grau carry a roll of blueprint . he 's follow by wagner carry the machine gun from the plane and he camera / tripod . wagner can we get any natural light in here ? grau walk over to a hand -operate lock device . releases it . a chain play out , the counterbalance slide to the ground , and the door roll into the ceiling with a crash -- open onto a incline ( evidently for load purpose ) . o.s. we hear wind , the sound of the surf . a column of late afternoon light angle in . fokker -- evening / night murnau 's tri-plane sit on a barren , wind - blow hill above the little town -- thatch - roofed hut , a few brick building -- that constitute civilization on the otherwise barren island . int . bunker -- night / dawn murnau enter , examine the half - build set for ellen 's bed - room - - a stage wall with a window , a chair , a table , a bed with a mirror beside it -- and then walk over to the door release . open it . the door roll up with a bang ... gallery .«.- waking grau and wagner who be napping amid a jumble of equipment and empty schnapp bottle . grau root around for a full bottle , wagner begin to roll a cigarette . from the open door we hear the sound of the surf , the wind blow . wagner ( peer down ) what 's friedrich do down there ? 93 . grau who can fathom the way of genius ? hey , what 's that ? wagner hashish . he light up , pass it to grau . downstair ... murnau stand look out the door , listen to the wind and the wave . when suddenly a figure emerge from the fog - shroud night . murnau 's face light up with surprise . as micheline emerge from the darkness . the light in the bunker flicker imperceptibly , she step up to the amaze murnau , put she arm around he neck , kiss he . grau and wagner watch in utter astonishment as ... murnau shut the door again ( reverse , the door release crank the chain through the mechanism and lock it off ) , and then let himself be lead , by micheline , to the bed . murnau how ... micheline shhh . do not say anything ... she push he down on it and climb on top of he . they begin tear off each other 's clothes . while ... wagner pick up he camera , wind it up . wagner ( whisper ) Hand I that blanket . grau hand it to he ... grau ( whisper ) what be you do ? 94 . wagner capture reality . I think herr Doctor would approve . grau that 's disgusting . wagner think of the possibility . it could be the movie of the future . ..- wagner take it , wrap the camera in it ( to muffle its noise ) . then he grab he goggle , begin filming : murnau and micheline we watch they for a moment , then we begin pull back . only to discover schreck , stand in the shadow beside a movie projector . watch they . grau ( 0.8 . ) Jesus Christ , there 's Max . as schreck watch , micheline pull off she slip and climb on top of murnau -- face away from he . they fuck for a long while , then she stop a little . begins to pull away . micheline ( breathlessly ) what time be it ? murnau stay . there 's nothing here for which to leave I ... murnau grab she breast from behind , pull she back to he . she turn around , mount he again , throw she head back in orgasm . revealing she feature to : schreck who recoil : stumbling back , knock into the projector , cause its carbon arc to ignite , its gear to turn , and scene from nosferatu ( orlock leer at ellen ) to be project on the stage wall . murnau and micheline begin scramble for they clothes . 95 . schreck you ! murnau Max , go the fuck away ! but murnau be not the one he 's interested in . it 's ... schreck look at I ! look at I ! micheline who look at he with a expression of pure ancient loathing . grau and wagner watch thunderstruck , while ... murnau horrify -- realize --scuttles away from she off the bed . micheline watch murnau , calmly pull she cape around herself , raise herself to she full height , and : micheline h ( imperiously , to schreck ) you thing ! schreck how beautiful you have remain ! thou will renew thy beauty morn by morn , I earth in earth forget this empty court . micheline what do you want ? schreck after all this year . look what 's happen . micheline it happen to they all . you have age . schreck age ? I be time itself . 96 . micheline ( sneer ) and also , evidently , a movie actor . schreck I do it for you . I have begin lose my sight , my leg . I can barely travel past the border of my land . so when murnau ask I to act in he movie , I know you would see it one day ... even if it take century . and then you would come to I . micheline why ? what would you have I do ? schreck I wither slowly in thine arm , here at the quiet limit of the world . micheline you have lose you mind , old man ... schreck come back to I . stay with I . micheline ( laugh ) stay with you !? you be a insect ! schreck do not you recognize I ? micheline of course not . schreck I be you husband once . you first husband . micheline that may be . but I certainly do not know you now . do you think I feel responsible for you ? I feel nothing for you ... or any of the other . all man be just time pass by for I . ( to murnau , tenderly ) herr Doctor ... schreck stay away from she , murnau . 97 . micheline ( turn on he , hiss ) why be you still alive ? why have not you have the decency to die ? schreck ( to murnau ) she will make of you what she make of I . micheline ( venomously ) do not listen to he , friedrich . he 's a non-being . someone I fuck a million lover ago . schreck attack she . they fall against the stage wall which pitch over so that the project film now cover the entire back wall of the bunker . she climb to she foot , easily shove schreck away . he hobble back , take one last look at she . at murnau . exit into the shadowy recess of the bunker . micheline ( hurry to murnau ) oh , friedrich . can not you see that I love you ? be not that what you want to hear ? I come here to warn you . you , not he . do not listen to the lie of the assyrian . murnau assyrian ? micheline he know nothing . he 's a jilted lover . you have know jilted lover . they be all repulsive . he trick you into contact I . murnau but you give I that book . micheline I do not know you have stumble upon one of they . I think you might make a romantic dracula ... the way I have always dream of he . as murnau cringe away from she , we close on : 98 . the door release as schreck 's hand grab the handle , throw the release . the chain snake its way through the gear ... door ... throw the pulley into play . while ... micheline open she arm to murnau . murnau do not touch I ! micheline listen to I , friedrich . please . I swear to you he 's lie . there be no other like he . I will leave you when we tire of each other , but I will not leave you as he . you have nothing to fear . she take a step toward he , as the ... weight slide toward the floor . while ... murnau terrify , crawl back onto the bed . she look at he , enraged , stagger into the empty space behind the set so that the movie be project onto she body . micheline ( scream ) do not look at I like that ! do it really make so much difference !? no! do not ! suddenly the film catch : bubbles , burn , break . only the harsh white light be on she now . the sound of the projector grow deafen as the ... 99 . micheline of course you will die . every man die . now come here to I . do not force I to force you . let we end this farce . this absurd scene from a absurd film . chain play cut as far as it can go . there 's a sharp crack , a creak o.s. and the ... door crash into the ceiling with a immense , echoing din . the light of dawn barrel in on ... micheline who look at the light . then look at murnau . her face be over - expose , wash - out : the bone show beneath she translucent skin . she scream in pain , and ... p.o.v. of the gallery .-. something happen to she we have never see before : she bubbles away into nothing . not in a mess of viscera . but like movie film catch in the gate and burn to light . the dirge -- render slowly , note by note on a piano - - begin . murnau look up to see grau and wagner watch he . exit . ext . beach -- day the scene of the previous day 's shoot be trash . fokker as be the tri-plane which sit in the early morning fog with the fabric hang in ribbon from its wooden skeleton . the music end simultaneously with the sound 0.s. of ... int . helgoland inn -- hallway -- day ... grau and wagner pound on murnau 's door . 100 . murnau ( o.s. ) ( speech somewhat slur ) leave I the fuck alone ! as the pound continue 0.s. we see : int . helgoland inn -- greta' room — day greta --drugge , smile incoherently -- lie in bed touch herself sensuously . and : int . helgoland inn -- galeen' room -- day galeen --very pale , clutching a cross -- cower weakly in bed . grau and wagner -- as before the door open , murnau peer fearfully out . he look close to insanity : he 's shaking , there be dark circle under he eye . grau and wagner enter , shut the door behind they . int . helgoland inn -- murnau' room -- continuous the room be trash and murnau have scribble cross on the wall , the door , etc . he slump down in bed . wagner pick up a empty vial on the bedside table , sniff it . wagner laudanum . murnau ( druggy ) there be no Max schreck . they sit down on the bed with murnau who tell he story calmly , indifferently -- as if he be speak to himself . grau who be he then ? murnau I do not know . wagner where do you find he ? murnau in a book . when I be a student . it tell the story of a legendary line of ( more ) 101 . murnau ( cont would ) king , rumor to be vampire , live in Slovakia for eleven hundred year . I have forget all about it until she give I the other book . dracula . TI find he when I go to scout location . a vampire . live in a old monastery . grau what be you bargain with he ? murnau he would play the part of a actor play the part of a vampire . wagner and what do you offer he ? murnau ( lock up at they ) greta . grau how could you , friedrich ? murnau ( nodd off ) I do it for science . do not you see ? I do not want the usual melodrama . I want to capture he for posterity ... wagner he 's fade ... grau go to sleep , friedrich . murnau climb under the blanket ... murnau he will be out again tonight . the call be for two . --- and he bloodshot eye slowly close . after a moment we hear , 0.s. , the door shut as grau and wagner exit . int . bunker -- day from the gallery : grau put the finish touch on the ( newly -restore ) bedroom set . enter wagner . 102 . grau think it 's worth search the island again ? wagner ( pull up a seat ) no . he could be under the sea for all we know . the only thing we can be sure of be he will come out at night and kill we all ... slowly or quickly depend on he appetite . grau what about he bargain with murnau ? wagner his vampire bride be dead . that 's the only thing that matter to he . he will kill we , then he will kill everyone else on this island , and then he will stowaway on the boat back to Germany . beat . they let this sink in . grau you know , I have be think . if we be go to die anyway , we might as well finish the movie . asa testament . wagner we can put the reel in beer keg line with pitch . set they afloat before he can get to they -- that be if he agree to let we film he for the last shot . grau he might do it just to mollify greta . how be you plan to film it ? wagner well I be not sure anymore . the script call for ellen to lure the vampire to she bedroom and then kill he with a wooden stake . but evidently they do not die that way . grau indeed , none of my research indicate that vampire could be kill by ( more ) 103 . grau ( cont would ) sunlight . Stoker 's be unaffected by it . wagner still , I suppose I might be able to trick something up . grau yes ... ( idea ! ) .-- but why bother with trick -- as herr Doctor might say ? they exchange look , wagner catch he drift . leans forward conspiratorially . wagner we would have to keep he on the set until after sunrise . grau he do not get there until two . with normal delay , greta 's mood , and everything else we could keep he there for day . of course we would need to know exactly when dawn be . wagner there 's a synagogue . they need to know when the sun rise and set for they rite . all we have to do be to keep he from notice the time . they look at each other , smile in satisfaction . wagner should we tell murnau ? grau no . it 's perfect as it be . at dawn I will shout he name , open the door ... wagner and bang , I get it all on film . int . bunker -- night bang ! Close on : a fire burn in one of the nich just as grau shut its iron grate , rub he hand in its warmth . then we pull back and follow he to where he begin put the finish touch on the set . 104 . in front of he , adjust the light , stand wagner . sitting off to one side be galeen . stand at the door , look out into the night , be murnau . and--emerging from the shadow , he presence cause the firelight to flicker - - we find schreck . enter greta in wig and make - up . murnau shut the door , lead she to the set , take she coat revealing a plain nightgown ... as well as a pair of stylishly anachronistic high heel . greta you know I do not like this late shoot , herr Doctor . where be every - body ? why do not I have a assistant ? grau ( go to she ) do you put this make - up on with a broom , greta ? greta stop fussing , albin . can I have a cigarette ? where 's my script ? henrik ? what 's the matter with he ? why do everybody look so depress ? ( shout ) hey , who die ? at that , schreck stalk over to she . he carry a canvas chair and offer it to she with exaggerated politeness . greta Jesus , look at you . she sit in the chair and look sideways at he . he stand beside she and leer . greta herr Doctor ? herr Doctor !? murnau ( still hold she coat ) yes . what be itr ? greta what be it ? what 's the shot ? what 's go on here ? he put down the coat , walk listlessly to she . 105 . murnau all right , greta . in this scene , you make the ultimate sacrifice for love : you seduce the vampire in order to dispatch he , just before you die , with a wooden stake . int . ellen' house -- night orlock 's shadow creep up the staircase outside of ellen 's bedroom . ( actual footage from nosferatu . ) int . ellen' bedroom -- night ellen sit up in she bed in fear . the shadow of orlock 's hand pass over she until it reach she heart . then it clinch and she grimace in pain . ( recreated from nosferatu . ) int . bunker -- as before murnau really all you have to do be lie there in fear and Max will do the rest . greta you have I travel sixty kilometer into the middle of the cold North Sea just to do that ? she get into bed . schreck take he position between the bed and the mirror mount on the wall behind he . he look down at she , gently brushes she breast with he long nail . greta ( push he hand away ) watch it , asshole . murnau put on he lab coat and goggle . walk over to where grau and wagner stand behind the camera . he look at they , nudge the camera over . it shatter in a explosion of glass and uncoil film . murnau damn ! hold it ! set up the other camera , fritz . albin , there 's another ( more ) 106 . murnau ( cont would ) reel up in the gallery . sorry , actor . it will just be a moment . wagner and grau look at each other in amazement : evidently murnau have a plan similar to theirs . schreck , irritate , march off the set . pocketwatch 3:45 . murnau close the cover and we pull back to see : bunker -- as before ..-murnau pocket he watch , adjust he goggle . wagner finish set a new camera on the tripod . schreck , climb the wall , storm over to they . schreck I be tired of wait . murnau all right , place . let 's have light ... schreck walk over to the set and resume he position , grau adjust the light , slip on he goggle . murnau ( cont . ) camera ... wagner yank on he own goggle , and begin filming ... greta who lie , act fearful , in bed . schreck , between she and the wall , kneel and be prepare to bite she when she notice the mirror behind he . and the fact that schreck cast no reflection . murnau ( cont . ) and ... before murnau can say " action , " she start scream . murnau ( cont . ) +-- end ! grau and murnau rush to she side . grau what be it ? 107 . greta ( point at the mirror ) he cast ... he do not ... schreck glare at grau . grau get a little problem here , Count dracula . schreck let I have she murnau . now . murnau fritz ? wagner walk over , wink at schreck . wagner let I take care of this . schreck do it quickly . what time be it ? wagner barely two , two -thirty . come on baby . look what fritzie have for you . greta no , fritz . help I , please . wagner fish in he pocket and pull out a hypodermic needle . then he go in search of morphine , but before he can find it , murnau hand he a vial . wagner look at he . wagner great mind think alike . wagner prepare the shot , inject she . she relax , fall into a stupor . murnau walk over to schreck who storm at the edge of the set . murnau for the effect of you dissolve into thin air after she 's stab you with she stake , we need a shot of you clutching you heart . will you do that for I ? first ? schreck my death scene . very well . 108 . murnau good . thank you . how be she , fritz ? wagner ( walk back to he camera ) never better . grau , murnau , and wagner take they place by the camera . schreck once again stand beside ... greta whose eye flutter in a narcotic daze . schreck kneel down beside she , run he fingernails slowly along she leg and arm . she barely notice . murnau ( 0.s. ) Control yourself for a moment , Count . fritz , we will need something from you bag of trick . overlap with dissolve , I think . wagner ( 0.s. ) you be the director , herr Doctor . murnau ( 0.s. ) good. camera--action . ellen and count orlock orlock kneel beside ellen 's bed and drink she blocd . ( recreated from nosferatu ) murnau ( 0.s. ) you have be drink she blood all night , Count . you can barely move , you be so intoxicate with blood and desire . but wait . what 's that ? it 's a wooden stake . she 's trick you . she plunge it into you heart . you head spin , you stagger to the door ... but it 's too late ! turn around , schreck ! grab you heart in pain and die , you fuck bastard vampire shit , die !! orlock turn , extend one arm , and dissolves into nothing . murnau ( cont . ) and -- end . get it , fritz ? 109 . bunker -- as before wagner get it . you know , in a pinch you could use that to suggest the vampire dissolve in the sunlight . murnau I will keep that in mind . schreck that 's enough , murnau . i'1l take she now . wagner ( still filming ) just a moment longer , dracula . I need a few second of the set without you . schreck kick over the chair , rage like a junkie deny he fix . grau go to greta , reposition she on the bed , fix she hair , etc . wagner film the bare wall for a few minute . schreck I say that 's enough . wagner just let I change the reel . he do . begins filming again . murnau just a few more second , Max . schreck charge over to greta , shove grau roughly away . schreck go to hell , murnau . action ! he fall beside she , lick he chop , bite she in the neck . there 's a little pop noise , she wince . after a few second , he eye grow heavy and he start to nod off : the heroin be tranquilize he as well as greta . grau , galeen , murnau and wagner watch with disgust . murnau recover , indicate the camera . wagner begin filming . 110 . galeen later . he 's sleep in a chair a distance from the set . grau and murnau stand off to one side : smoking cigarettes , consulting they respective timepiece . wagner lean on he camera , smoke , look at he wristwatch : 5:44 . then he look at : schreck and greta schreck appear to be bite greta as before , but when we look closer we see that he 's actually asleep . grau and murnau grau show he watch to murnau , walk over to wagner . wagner begin silently cranking the camera . then he look over at murnau . and nod . schreck and greta -- as before murnau ( 0.s. ) ( shout ) schreck ! schreck wake . he look at murnau , look to he leave . his eye open angrily , he climb unsteadily to he foot . and that 's when we look over to see what 's enraged he : galeen stand with he hand on the door release . he look at ... murnau who nod back at he . murnau now ! 111 . galeen pull it , the release open , the chain play through for a few foot . until suddenly there 's no more chain . galeen he cut it . schreck so you would break we bargain ? he stagger toward murnau , but he 's still pretty shaky ... schreck ( cont . ) you think you know so much , herr Doctor . but I can still ... kill you ... .-. and he stumble , grab the wall for support . schreck ( cont . ) I can break you neck and drain you blood ... and ... I can ... you try to trick I . he take a deep breath , regains he composure somewhat . schreck ( cont . ) it 's daybreak , be it ? so what ? I '11 stay here and then at dusk ... only I will walk out alive . murnau you forget that you do not have the coffin in which you be interred . schreck smile . get between murnau and the other , spread he talon , and bear down on he . schreck I be never interred . I tell you before you know nothing of I . nor do any of you . all I need be to sleep in darkness . coldly thy rosy shadow bathe I , cold be all thy light . suddenly wagner grab the machine gun and shoot several round into he . the bullet poke a few dusty hole out of he , but do not seem to do much else . schreck fly at murnau , but murnau manage to slip away from he . he grab the gun and shoot again . this time , the 112 . bullet not only pierce schreck , but the door behind he . Light shoot in through the hole . schreck see it , a scream catch in he throat . and , at the sight of the sun , something like ecstasy flicker across he feature . resigned , in the moment he have leave to live he physically throw open the heavy steel door . his body diminish in the overexposure . and then he , like micheline before he , bubbles and vanish . murnau stand watch the flutter scrap of clothing that remain . he pick up a long pole , fish they up ( along with the remain of micheline 's cape which lie in a heap on the ground ) , and shove they into the fire . galeen slam the grate shut afterward . the dirge begin . then , as we watch the fire , the film itself seem to smolder until it change into the black and white stock of the original nosferatu . the ... men stand beside greta . she wake a little , evidently unharme . everyone laugh nervously . on the old - fashioned film stock , they action seem jerky and unreal . meanwhile the ... camera have be shattered by a bullet and expose film be coiling out and pile up on the floor . we watch this for a moment , and then we pull up until we be watch from the ... p.o.v. of the gallery as wagner walk away from the other and begin extinguish the arc-light . one at a time . until he turn off the last one and everything ... all that 's leave be the music and the old silent movie film stock over which we ... roll credit end of film