" house of 1000 corpse " written by r.w. Zombie revise 3-31-00 fade in : int . old house - live room - night we see a little girl dance around in a grainy super 8 home movie . a little boy wear a monster mask enter the frame . he struggle to lift a double barrel shotgun . he point it at the girl and pretend to shoot . girl ( v.o. ) ( whisper slowly ) once I have a cat , he be the sweetest little guy . then one day he get sick and die . my heart be break . my whole body hurt . she continue dance . the little boy imitate she . girl ( v.o. ) after that , I see thing differently , everything could be sum up with three simple word ... fuck the world . the camera swing over to some ugly , toothless relation watch the show . they laugh . ext . spaulding be - night we open on a dark , lonely stretch of two lane blacktop . off to the side of the road we see a rundown gas station . radio announcer ( v.o. ) hey , welcome back to 93.5 wjrc 's Halloween monster weekend . I be Jimmy Ray and I will be bring you the oldy , the goldy and sometimes the moldy . the good , the bad and the ugly straight from the wjrc vault . a weathered wooden sign proclaim captain spaulding's world of monster and madmen , sit atop the building . a smaller sign below read fried chicken and gasoline . radio announcer ( v.o. ) hey , kid still try to decide on the right costume ? well why not head on down to randall 's penny save locate on kimball rd. just off route 1 in mackin County . choose from a wide array of ghost and ghoul , jeeper and creeper ... ( scary sound effect ) ... everything you need for you Halloween need . sheriff huston , a tall southern good old boy , lean against he dusty cruiser smoking a cigarette , pump gas into he tank . int . capt . spaulding be - night Inside be a poorman 's ripley 's believe it or not . bizarre prop and treasure of killer and monster cover the dirty wall . Wax figure of jack the ripper stand guard before oil painting by JOHN wayne gacy . radio announcer ( v.o. ) alright let 's get back to we monster music marathon with this classic call the teddy bear 's picnic . perched on a stool behind the counter sit captain spaulding , a crusty look old man in a filthy clown suit and smear make -up . the word love be tattooe across he right knuckle and hate be tattooe across the leave . he be read the newspaper , crunching on cracker from a paper bag and halfheartedly listen to a small , nerdy man wear coke bottle glass name stucky . stucky thumb through a stack of autograph 8x10 photograph . stucky ( speak through voicebox in he throat ) I ... I get back a stack today . some nice shot . ( hold up a picture of June wilkinson ) see , a good topless June wilkinson ... unfortunately she personalize it ... ( look at the photo ) to stucky , love June . capt . spaulding hmmmmm . stucky shit , this be not worth nothing now that my name get all over it . I be a fixin ' on trading it to Jackie cobb . capt . spaulding the retard over at Molly 's fruit stand . stucky yeah , he 's all hot on she after he find some of he dad 's old nudie book hide in the basement . he keep them tape inside he school workbook . spauld brushes cracker crumb off he paper and continue read . capt . spaulding fascinating . stucky that kid be one horny retard . capt . spaulding Christ , be not they all . all they retard wanna do be fuck and eat . stucky well , yeah ... I think that if you know he ... I mean if you would understand he urge , shit the guy 's like forty or something . capt . spaulding worse than a fuck rabid baboon . stucky yeah , I guess , you know next to wack he weasel he other favorite thing be twist sharpen pencil in the corner of he eye . capt . spaulding what ? stucky yeah , do not hurt himself , just spin it around next to he eyeball . capt . spaulding I be sure that be not the only place he 's stick that pencil . stucky naw , he do not do anything else with them , but he do get catch once with a Planet of the ape doll hang out he asshole . capt . spaulding ( laugh ) goddamn . stucky have to take he to the hospital . kid have Dr. Zaius stick half way up he butt , could not get it out . capt . spaulding I always love that mute broad that Chuck heston be shack up with . stucky nova , yeah she look pretty sweet . capt . spaulding yeah , now there 's the perfect woman . stucky can I get some stamp off ya ? ( slapping down he money ) do you fix the toilet yet ? open a drawer and tear off five stamp . capt . spaulding yes , I do ... so do not you go stuffin ' any goddamn paper towel down that hole . I just snake the shit out of that thing . spauld slide the key attach to a cow skull across the counter . stucky grab it . spauld hang on . capt . spaulding ya hear I ? you bust that crapper and I will beat you ass . stucky I hear ya . he let go of the key . ext . capt . spaulding be - night from a stranger' Pov we watch through the window , stucky exit for the restroom . sheriff Huston finish pump he gas , get in he cruiser and drive off . karl ( o.s. ) all clear . let 's go shopping . rich ( o.s. ) right . from this Pov we race across the highway towards the front door of the museum . slam ! we burst through the door . int . spaulding be - same the moment of impact . boom . the door smashes open . spauld 's head jerk up to see : a mask gunman , karl , wear a leather s+m mask . behind he stand a second gunman , rich , wear a rubber caveman mask . capt . spaulding Mary fuck mose . get the fuck out of here . karl hold it , clowney . keep you paw where I can see them . rich yeah , do not move or I will blast a hole the size of a Kansas City melon through you ugly - ass bozo face . spauld obey and raise he hand . karl go get that other asshole out of the shitter and drag he ass back in here . rich right . Rich exit . capt . spaulding miserable little cunt with gun . I ought to jump right over this counter and bash you fuck ball in . killer Karl step up and put he gun against spauld 's face . karl alright tippy , hand over the cash box and I might leave you brain inside you skull . spauld smile wide , he tooth be yellow and rotted . close up spauld 's foot kick a red switch , trigger a silent alarm . capt . spaulding that 's what you bitch need . a reality check courtesy of my boot in you ass . that will be a fuck cash box you can cry to mamma about . int . spaulding be - backroom - night a silent red light flash . in the dim glow , we see ravelli , a large hunch figure , sit on the edge of a bed . the figure be heavily bandage . ravelli react to the flash light , he rise and put a huge mask over he head . he exit the room . int . bathroom stall - night stucky sit on the toilet pasting stamp on large yellow envelope . killer Rich kick OPEN the stall , grab stucky by the neck and pull he out . rich come on , fatboy ! ext . capt . spaulding be - night we move around the outside of the building watch the scene inside unfold . heavy breathing be hear . Rich drag stucky into the main room . int . spaulding be - night Karl grow increasingly hostile , knock a candy display over , raise he gun over he head and fire into the ceiling . karl ( scream ) that 's it . I be gonna count to ten and you be gonna hand over the cash or I be gonna splatter you grease paint mug across the stateline ... one . capt . spaulding fuck you mother . karl two . capt . spaulding fuck you sister . rich come on , man . just shoot he . stucky ( recognize Rich 's voice ) hey , I know you . we be in high school together . Wood shop , right ? ... Richard wick ... right ? he look nervously at stucky . rich shut up , shut up , shut up ! karl quiet down ... three . capt . spaulding fuck you grandmother . stucky yeah , I remember Mr. alacard the shop teacher use 'tat call you Little Dick wick . hey , be not there a song we make up to go with that ? rich ( temper rise ) shut up ! stucky ( sing ) Little Dick wick , play with he prick do not he smell , just make you sick . ext . capt . spaulding be - night from ravelli 's Pov we watch through the window , as everybody inside start shout at each other . suddenly , Rich shoot stucky . stucky fall backward against the wall , scream in pain . we move quickly towards the entrance . int . capt . spaulding be - night suddenly ... crash ! ravelli smashes through the front door knock Karl to the ground . in the light we see that ravelli be wear a oversize clown head . in he hand be a sledgehammer . Rich turn toward the commotion . the Captain quickly whip out a gun and fire . Rich fall dead . ravelli lunge at Karl , smash he over the head with the hammer . ravelli 's clown head come loose and fall to the floor . we now see that ravelli be a bald pitbull of a man with badly scar skin that be paint white and red . Karl hit the floor and begin convulsing violently . spauld step down from behind the counter , put he foot on Karl 's throat and point he pistol at Karl 's head . capt . spaulding and most of all ... fuck you ! boom ! spauld shoot Karl in the head . the screen explode red , then turn black . capt . spaulding ( v.o. ) God damn it , that motherfucker get blood all over my best clown suit . credit roll strange painting of demon , monster and bizarre creature fade up and move across the screen . ext . country road - night we see a billboard paint on the side of a abandoned truck . the sign read GOD be dead . we turn to face the road as a car drive by . jerry alright then , out of all of Charlie 's chick who do you think be the hot ? int . car - front seat - night fast food wrapper and road map clutter the car 's dashboard , a swinging monkey head dangle from the rear-view mirror . behind the wheel , the driver , bill hudley , 29 , downs the last sip of coffee before crumpling the paper cup and place it among the other trash before he . bill I guess if I have to choose I would say ... mmmmmm ... Sandra good . she seem like a nice girl , I mean in a psycho kind of way . beside he ride , jerry gilmore , 30 , slump down in he seat , read a magazine with a flashlight , foot hang out the window . jerry really ? huh , I think for sure you would say lynette fromme . she 's get that snooty vibe I know you dig . bill sqeaky ! no way , she be not that hot . jerry she 's pretty cute . bill yeah but , she remind I of this chick that I remember from fourth grade ... call a ... shit , what do we call she ? ( think for second ) oh yeah , Patty pee-pee pant ... when ever she get call on by miss chumski , this chick would piss in she pants and start bawling . jerry ( laugh ) there always one kid with no bodily control . we have this dude , Jeff baxter , he be a puker . the fucker would just sit there puke all over himself . bill better than pissing ... anyway so , what 's you choice ? jerry if we be talk cute ... like regular cute , I would say Leslie Van houton , but cute be not hot . bill yeah , no shit . jerry as far a hot ... go I gotta go with ... Ruth Ann moorehouse . bill oh yeah , I forget about she . she be pretty hot . jerry fuck yeah , she be . I would join a cult to get some of that ... and the best part be she do not try to kill the President or nothing , so that baggage be not hang around . bill I think she try to murder a witness for the prosecution . jerry I will let it slide , she be only seventeen . bill dude , talk about baggage , that be not no carry - on shit , that 's some heavy duty samsonite shit . jerry yeah , I guess ... hot chick be always nut . bill hot have get nothing to do with it . ext . country road - night a lone figure in a cheap skull mask and white robe stand hide behind a billboard off to the side of the road . Bill 's car drive past . bill ( yawn ) hold on , I have hear this before ... but I can not remember the end . jerry so , the guy go to Hell and the devil say , " do you smoke ? " the guy say , " yeah " ... the devil say , " great cause Tuesday be cigar night , sweetest Cuban cigar you ever have . " bill shit , we really need to find some gas . jerry ( not listen ) then the devil ask , " do you drink ? " guy say , " yeah " ... devil say , " wonderful , Wednesday be free drink night , best booze you ever have ... all make from the finest stuff . " bill yeah . jerry then the devil say , " be you gay ? " guy say , " fuck no " ... Devil say , " well then , I guess you be gonna hate thursdays . " bill oh yeah , I remember now . jerry yeah , no shit I just tell ya. ( look at magazine ) hey , you think this place call alien Ed 's ufo welcome Center be still around ? it say , " where the fact be separate from the fantasy . " bill I dunno ... we will ask around as we get closer . man , I really do not want to run out of gas out here in the middle of petticoat Junction , man . jerry ( sit up ) do not panic yourself , way too much caffeine guy ... I see a sign . ( read the sign ) Captain spauld 's Museum of mad and monster ... cool . also ... fry chicken and ... gasoline ... next exit . bill perfect . jerry I hope this place be cool . we could use something interesting to live up chapter 12 . the car drive past . we turn and hold on the billboard . we see the happy smile face of a young Captain spauld . ext . captain spaulding be - night the car pull up to one of the gas pump . Bill and Jerry get out . Inside we see spauld , now in army pants and a hunt jacket , mop the floor . bill I will pump the gas . go inside and see if it 's worth think about . jerry ( salute ) ok , boss . Jerry walk inside and immediately come back out . jerry Holy crap . you gotta see this place . it 's awesome . bill how awesome ? jerry really fuck awesome . bill wake up the chick and bust out the camera awesome ? jerry Hell yeah . Jerry stick he head back inside the car . jerry wakey , wakey , egg and bakey . int . car - back seat - night a dark haire girl , DENISE willis , 27 , sleep curl up under a blanket . jerry come on , babe . I and Bill find a kick ass place . she open she eye . DENISE huh ? jerry grab Mary and come inside . denise shake a lump of jacket and sweater lie next to she . she remove a sweater from the top of the pile to reveal the face of mary knowles , 29 . DENISE come on sleep beauty , time to go to work . mary ( half asleep ) sleep . DENISE rise and shine . mary ( groggy ) no please , let I sit this one out . DENISE ( remove the blanket ) let 's go . you be the one who want to be a photographer . mary I resign . DENISE too late . you be in for life , let 's move it out private shutterbug . mary ( open she eye ) Christ , I hope this be not more crappy folk art . it 's so quaint ... it 's so primal ... it 's so crap . DENISE aw , it be not crap ... it 's ... cute. ( sarcastic ) ... and really who be we to judge the artistic merit of the tin-can mona Lisa ? mary aw , shit ... ( exhales deeply ) I gotta pee anyway . interlude grainy super 8 footage show we a old man stand in front of a small shack . his name be Lewis dover . the shack be paint white and cover with simplistic RELIGIOUS writing . lewis I be not no rich man , but I see the truth . you do not have to go to Hell . you be in Hell . this be Hell . all american hell. ( hold up a gun ) ... true heaven in my hand ... I be gonna blow Satan back through the door to Hell . surround the shack be strange sculpture of various half - human / half - animal creation . int . spaulding be - night spauld swab up the last remain of blood from the floor , he drop the mop into a bucket fill with water and blood . Bill pay no attention , he be distract by a strange object in a glass case over the counter . in the case be a shrivel up look half human and half fish figure . it be the size of a small child . a banner above read : aqualina - the mermaid . bill how long have you be run this place ? capt . spaulding how long be a piece of string ? too God damn long , that 's how long . spauld slide the mop and bucket behind the counter . bill no , really . capt . spaulding shit , I do not remember exactly . I take over for my pa just after the Duke nab the oscar . bill the Duke ? capt . spaulding yeah , my pa be not right in the head after that . bill you mean John Wayne ? capt . spaulding Hell , boy there some other Duke you know about ? ( roll up he sleeve to reveal a John Wayne tattoo ) a great american . bill yeah , I be never that big of a western fan . I like science fiction . capt . spaulding I figure that much . why the fuck you ask so many jackass question for ? bill you see I and my friend be write a book on offbeat roadside attraction . you know all the crazy shit you see when you drive cross country . capt . spaulding I do not drive cross country . bill but if you do . capt . spaulding I do not . bill but suppose for a second you do . capt . spaulding ( fake hick accent ) y'all find we country people real funny like do not ya ... well , God damn pack up the mule and sling I some grit , I 'ze a gotta get I some schooling . bill no , no I think it 's really interesting . capt . spaulding well fuck I side Sally , who want to read about all that horse shit anyway . Jerry overhear Bill 's and spauld 's conversation and join in to help . jerry you would be surprised . would it be ok if we take some picture and include this place in we book ? capt . spaulding hey , knock yourself silly . jerry you get some really rare stuff here ... ( point to aqualina ) ... dig you feegee mermaid . int . spaulding be - restroom - night the restroom be gray , dingy , a single expose light bulb hang from the ceiling . the peel wall be plaster with newspaper clipping and fade photo . Mary be in the stall , sit on the toilet , stare straight ahead at a poster of rhondo hatton , a b-movie actor that suffer from acromegalia . denise stand at a tiny sink , splashes water on she face . she look at herself in the mirror . DENISE ( water run down she face ) I swear I have age five year since this trip start . mary tell I about it . DENISE ( take a paper towel and wipe she face ) God , I hate fall asleep in the afternoon . now I will be up all night ... ( stretch ) ...ugh , my back be kill I . mary yeah , hey how far do you think we be from you dad 's ? Mary flush the toilet and exit the stall . DENISE I do not know . couple hour I think . I have get to call he . Mary wash she hand . denise tie up she hair . mary it will be nice to have a few day off to regenerate . this trip be fun , but it 's start to get brutal . DENISE yeah , I hit burn out mode back at that old stripper lady 's place . watch she dance around with that ratty - look animal be ridiculous . mary I know , that be some crazy shit . I never in a million year would have believe it if I have not see it . DENISE a decent meal every once in a while would not hurt either , this road food be crap . mary if I never eat at another waffle House again , I can die a happy girl . DENISE scatter , smother and cover . mary exactly ... well , I guess a couple more photo will not kill I . int . spaulding be - MAIN room - night Jerry knee over a box of magazine label true crime $ 1.00 , he flip through a issue , toss it back . Bill lean against the wall next to he , sip a hot cup of coffee . the girl return from the bathroom . Jerry jump up with excitement . jerry great , you be back . let 's go . we already pay for the ticket . DENISE ticket for what ? jerry this be not everything . get ready for this ... there 's a Museum of murder and mayhem . DENISE I do not want to see that . mary how about if we skip it and just hang out here . I can get some great shot of this stuff . Jerry pull denise over and put he arm around she . jerry aw , come on . it will be fun . DENISE oh yeah , murder museum ... sound fun . Bill grab Mary by the hand and kiss it . bill ( smile ) we will need picture of the inside too . mary alright , alright . I know ... I want to be the photographer . Bill and Mary kiss . spauld wait , unamuse . he roll he eye . capt . spaulding anytime this year , people . alright line you ass up in front of the black door . the tour be about to begin . spauld disappear through a curtain behind the counter . the kid wait . the black metal door creak open . they enter the darken room . int . spaulding be - museum - night darkness . a blue light come on . spauld be stand on a motorized platform . he begin the tour , speak through a small megaphone . capt . spaulding lady and gentleman , you be about to enter a world of darkness . a world where life and death be meaningless and pain be god. ( point with a cane ) to you leave you see the infamous Albert Fish . a lifeless wax figure pop forward with a loud metal clang . Mary jump back with fright . capt . spaulding sadist , masochist , child killer and most of all importantly cannibal . bear in 1870 , Mr. Fish enjoy burn himself with hot poker , spanking with nail - studd paddle and embed needle in he groin . on the right , notice the x-ray ... close up - X - ray capt . spaulding ... show clearly 29 sewing needle insert in to he groin . Mr. Fish be execute in 1936 at the age of 65 . spauld roll backwards and continue the tour . close up on : a dummy face of a grizzly look old man in hunt attire . capt . spaulding to you right . one of we most popular crazy , the psycho of plainfield , Ed gein . behind the figure of gein hang a invert corpse of a slain woman . Mary recoil in disgust . capt . spaulding murderer , cannibal and momma 's little bitch boy . Mr. gein find special pleasure in play with the dead body of woman , especially they sexual organ . he be quite a handy little dandy , fashion lamp shade , jewelry and human skin suit from he victim . Mr. gein be discover when the decapitate body of bernice worden be find gut like a deer , hang in he barn . dissolve to : a wax figure of a young man in doctor 's scrub . he be cover in blood . capt . spaulding and now I would like to introduce a local hero , S. quentin quale , a.k.a . the Butcher Boy , a.k.a. nurse nellie and most famously a.k.a. Dr. Satan . another wax figure , of a bloody corpse , jump up . capt . spaulding murderer , torturer and most of all master surgeon . Mr. quale a intern at willow State mental Hospital , nickname weeping willow for its neverend cry of pain , take great pleasure in control . through primitive brain surgery . Mr. quale believe he could create a race of superhuman from the mentally ill , or so the story go . his terrifying experiment continue until 1952 . Jerry stare fascinate . capt . spaulding at which time he be discover and turn over to authority for observation . unfortunately , Mr. quale be abduct from he cell by member of the victim ' family . vigilante justice prevaile and Dr. Satan be take out and hang . the next day he body be find to be miss . some say he survive , rescue by he loyal slave , other say they hang the wrong man ... to this day no sign of Dr. Satan have ever be discover . but who know ? maybe he life next door to you . klunk : a big metal door open to the outside world . capt . spaulding please exit through the door . the kid exit . slam ! the door shut . ext . spaulding be - phone booth - night denise lean against the glass wall of the phone booth . various flyer be tape to the inside : free kitten , phone sex ad and a miss poster for a girl name karen murphy . a light rain begin to fall . denise put some change in the phone and dial a number . ext . willis house - night the camera move down a quaint quiet little street . we come to rest at a modest two -story house . the house be decorate for Halloween . Parents and they child roam from house to house , trick or treat . we hear the sound of a phone ringing . int . willis house - kitchen - night a grey haire man sit at a small table eat a ham sandwich and drink a beer . this be donald willis , denise 's father . he stand up and walk to the phone hang on the wall . mr. willis hello ... ( brighten up ) ...hey denise ... what , what 's wrong , do you break down ? ext . spaulding be - phone booth - night DENISE no , nothing like that ... yeah , we be gonna be a little late . we stop for gas at this place call capt . spauld 's outside of ruggsville and it turn into a whole thing , so we be kind of behind schedule . int . willis house - night mr. willis oh yeah , yeah I have drive by that place before . I seem to remember a crabby old bastard in a crummy clown suit run the place . int . phone booth - night DENISE yeah , well he 's still here . I think he and Jerry be fast become buddy , you know Jerry ... yeah , he 's gotta see everything ... yeah , I know ... think there 's some unsolve mystery around every corner . int . willis house - night mr. willis well , do not take too long , the kid be already knock down the door demand they sugar fix ... I know , I know I forget to mention that Halloween fall on a school night , so they be trick or treat tonight ... I get the joint deck out this year , build a graveyard in the front yard like when you be a kid . ext . spaulding be - phone booth - night DENISE hopefully I can move thing along here and make up the lose time by speed all the way home ... yes , dad I be kid . int . willis house - kitchen - night mr. willis well , just promise I you will be careful ... alright , alright see ya soon ... good - bye . int . car - night Bill , Jerry and Mary wait for denise . jerry I be gonna go ask he . mary aw , come on Jerry . we have get all we be gonna get out of this place and its start to rain . jerry shit , it be only sprinkle and it 's worth the trouble . hold on for two second . Jerry go back inside . int . phone booth - night Jerry knock on the glass as he pass . denise wave as he walk by . DENISE yeah so ... ok , expect we more around eleven or so . ok yeah , I will ... love you , too , bye . she hang up the phone , open the door and head back to the car . int . spaulding be - night jerry I know it 's hard to understand , but I really want to see this tree . capt . spaulding ok , alright I will draw you a map , but I still say it be a waste of time . jerry great . int . car - night through the window we see Jerry talk to spauld . spauld draw a map , explain as he draw . mary geez , he never get tired do he . DENISE never . I swear to God he never sleep , he go to bed after I , wake up before I . he 's always work on 10 . mary maybe he 's a cyborg . bill ( wearily , sip he coffee ) I like sleep . DENISE here he come . Jerry come bounce out towards the car and jump in . he be hold a map and a box of chicken . jerry we hit the jackpot ! let 's roll , good buddy . we get ourselves a convoy . mary huh ? DENISE ugh , what 's that smell ? jerry fry chicken . ( hold up a drumstick ) anybody want some ? no one respond . ext . wood - day a old farmer and he wife stare directly into the camera . old man I do not know where that skunk ape sleep . maybe in the tree and all ... all I know be he eat squirrel to survive and he have impure relation with my wife . wife that 's true . he perform lurid act upon I and my person while my husband Russell be a fix and to we hound clarence . old man if I see that thing again ... I be a gonna kill that skunk ape . bill ( off screen ) what do it look like ? wife it look just like that chubby fella from mchale 's navy ... Ernie borgnine . old man hold up the picture . the wife hold up a pencil sketch of a bigfoot like creature and a newspaper photo of Ernest borgnine . ext . country road - night Bill 's car move past empty farmland . a heavier rain be now fall . int . car - night Jerry direct Bill from spauld 's hand -drawn map . jerry keep straight on this road here . bill how much further ? jerry I be not exactly sure ... it look close . do we pass a abandon school bus yet ? bill I do not know . Mary and denise sit bundle up in blanket . mary let 's just skip it . it be probably nothing anyway . DENISE aw Christ , Jerry . we can not see anything now , it 's too dark . let 's forget it . jerry come on , we need something like this . it could be the real deal . it 's too far out of the way to come back to . bill what 's that ? through the windshield we see a lone figure hitch -hike by the side of the road . it be a girl , baby , 27 , in a wear cowboy hat and long fur coat . she be soak to the bone . jerry it 's a hitchhiker . bill Way out here ? mary well , do not even think about play the good samaritan , there 's way too many psychos wander loose this day . bill ( look closer ) it 's a girl . jerry hey , maybe she know where this be ? DENISE ( sarcastically ) that seem likely . mary should we stop ? bill we can not leave she out here in the rain ... maybe we can just drop she at the next rest area . mary she look like a freak . DENISE stick she in the front , if you want to pick she up so bad . she 's soak . mary she look like she stink . bill ( imitate Mary ) she look like she stink . jerry ( make cat noise ) cat fight , cat fight . DENISE hardy har , har . the car pull over and baby jump in . the car move off . int . car - night once inside the car they see that the girl be a bit odd . baby whoa , thanks for stop . I be stand out there in that toad strangling rain for like a hundred million year . jerry really , that 's a long time . baby yeah , most people just whiz on by like I be invisible or something ... or else they be creep who wanna jam they slimy hand down my pants and twiddle my naughty - naughty . jerry yikes . baby yeah , icky . this one guy stop and I look in and he 's get he thing out wave it around like a drunk monkey . DENISE well , hitchhike be not the safest way for a girl to travel . baby yeah , but it 's fun . mary sound like a magical trip through the heartland . bill where ya head ? baby aw , I be go home to my mamma 's house ... yeah , I be out do this thing . bill where 's that ? baby couple more mile up this road . jerry hey , you might know ... ( show she the map ) ... you know where this tree be at ? it 's a old hang tree from ... the baby perk up at the mention of the tree . baby yeah , I know where that be , it 's right by my house . it 's Dr. Satan 's tree . I can show ya . jerry really , wow , so it 's really a real thing . baby yeah , it 's a tree . I use to play there all the time . but , you can not find it without I . outsider can not find no deadwood . jerry deadwood , be that what it 's call ? cool , will you show we ? baby maybe , maybe , maybe ... hey , you know what word I hate ? jerry what ? baby Cone . jerry huh ... what cone ? baby any cone , yeah ... ( look out the window ) I hate that word ... sound ugly , I do not like crumple either . jerry I always hate say the word cheese , every time you get you picture take ... smile , say cheese . baby I know I hate swiss cheese , the hole make I nervous . bill what about the tree ? baby oh yeah , the tree . mary this be crazy . she do not know nothing . baby turn she attention toward Mary . baby oh , I know . I will show you where it 's at , sweetie . be not you just so cute all bundle up like a cinnamon roll of Christmas love . jerry cool . bill which way ? baby go straight up about another mile ... till we hit cherrypicker Road and turn right ... it be not far from there . int . mental hospital the camera float through the hallway of the peabody mental institution . it be halloween . patient wander the stark hall dress in hospital gowns and cheap plastic mask . some be laugh , some be scream . we move into a private room . where we see doctor satan completely cover except for he eye , hover over a bound and gag patient . we move off the doctor to a crayon child 's drawing of a jack - o'-lantern . torture scream fill the room . ext . cherrypicker rd . - wood - night from a stranger' Pov we see the car struggling down a dirt road . int . car - same everyone ride in silence , music play on the radio . the song end and a news reporter come on . news reporter ( v.o. ) this be wjrc News at the top of the hour ... investigator in clairemont County be no closer to identify the body of a young woman find crucify to the door of St. Mary 's Church yesterday morning . baby light up a cigarette and take a drag . mary Excuse I , could you not smoke in here ? baby put out the cigarette on the back of she hand . news reporter ( v.o. ) local police and State official have release this report ... jerry what 's that ? bill I do not know . look like some kind of animal . Bill stop the car . ext . cherrypicker rd . - wood - night sitting dead center in the middle of the road be a humongous dog . the dog stare straight ahead . Long strand of drool hang from its mouth to the ground . int . car - night mary why be we stop ? bill there 's a dog in the road . DENISE honk at he . scare he . bill ( honk horn ) he will not move . mary go around he . bill there 's not enough room . mary then run he over , he will move . baby no ! he 's one of God 's creature , he can not help it if he 's dumb ... I be just crazy about animal . mary ( to denise ) the animal have get nothing to do with it . ext . stranger be Pov - same a gun barrel be raise and we be look through the sight at the car . pop! pop ! pop ! the gun fire three shot at the car 's rear tire . the stranger whistle and the dog move to the side of the road . int . car - night the SOUND of the heavy rain mask the gunshot . bill hey , he move . mary let 's get go before that thing try to eat the car or something . as the car move past , denise stare at the dog sit calmly to the side of the road . the dog blankly stare back at she . jerry that remind I of a film I see once of a guy who get out of he car at lion country safari to take a picture of a lion cub and get eat by the lion . bill oh yeah , I hear about that . I always think it be bullshit . jerry no ... yeah , they rip he to piece while he family watch from the car . the wife be scream , the kid be cry . some dude in another car film the whole thing . baby I would like to see that . mary Nice . jerry the lion be totally cover in this guy 's blood ... I think they eat he face off , tore open he rib cage , pull he leg off ... it be a wild scene . baby thing like that get a lot bloodier than ya think . without warning the car lunge to one side . jerry what be that ? bill fuck . I think we blow a tire . mary do not even say it . DENISE you get to be fuck joke . mary God damn it , I know this witch -hunt be fuck bullshit . bill ok , let 's relax . I will check it , maybe I be wrong . do not everybody freak out just yet . jerry I will help ya . bill ( sarcastic ) gee , ya think it would not be too much trouble . ext . cherrypicker road - wood - night Bill and Jerry stare down at the blow tire sink in the mud . bill I hope you fix the spare like I ask ya . jerry yeah , I fix it . well , I be not ... um , I can not remember . I think I take it out to fit the bag and forget to put it back . bill Jesus Christ , Jerry . jerry well , technically I do what ya say . bill you be a real fuck piece of work . Bill stare at Jerry in disbelief . int . car - night baby be lean on she chin stare at Mary and denise . the car radio play in the background . mary can I help you with something ? baby I be just wonder . mary wonder what ? baby be you two gal all funny with each other ? mary what ? baby you know ... a couple of queer . mary do you believe this fuck girl ? baby ( turn she attention to Mary ) I be just wonder , cause you get a pissy look about you ... like a real pussy lick bitch . denise try to quickly defuse the situation . DENISE no . no pussy lick here , but thanks for you concern . Bill and Jerry slide back into the car . bill well , I get some bad news and some bad news . mary what ? jerry ( fake Scottish accent ) Tire 's fuck go crap on we , man . there 's no save it now . bill and the spare be safely sit in Jerry 's garage . DENISE for fuck sake Jerry , what the fuck be we gonna do ? baby start laugh . mary what the hell be you laugh about ? baby I just picture the tire sit in a chair watch tv . mary oh , wonderful . ( mutter to herself ) Fucking psycho . bill I guess I will try to back it out on the rim ... at least to the main road . baby if you keep go straight you can get back on the interstate ... it 's easier . mary just back up . jerry I think we should go straight . I mean we know for a fact there be not nothing back that way , right ? baby oh wait ! I love this song ! baby reach over and turn up the volume . she loudly sing along with the song . bill Fine . I will go straight . mary what ! bill ( over the loud music ) Fine ! I will go straight ! the car move forward . after about fifty yard the car hit something hard and get stick in a deep mud bog . bill fuck ! we be fuck ! DENISE turn that fuck radio off ! Bill shut off the radio . DENISE now what be we gonna do ? baby we can walk to my house from here . my brother 's get a tow truck , he can come get you car . a silence fall over the car . mary I think I be go fuck crazy . DENISE I can not believe ... bill ok , whatever . let 's go get you brother 's truck . faster we get the truck , faster we get out of here . baby ok . jerry I will go . it 's my fault . mary you say it , not I . bill forget it . I will just go . mary screw that , no way , I be not let you go by yourself . bill do not worry , I will be quick . just stay here , no sense everybody get drench . jerry I agree . baby yeah , it will not take long and besides you sassy poodle girl will slow we down . baby jump up and get out of the car . bill do not worry , I will be right back . baby come on . jerry do not forget the flashlight , it 's pretty dark out there . bill thanks . jerry no problem . Bill kiss Mary good - bye and exit . Mary watch baby and Bill head off into the wood . baby turn and make a kissy face at Mary . ext . miss bunny's hollywood revue - day a hand paint tin sign surround by flash light which read miss bunny's hollywood revue hang over the entrance to a small garage . Movie star portrait of jean harlow , w.c. field and clark gable adorn the wall of the garage . a over the hill ex - glamour girl , miss bunny , 55 , come into frame . she 's dress in a sparkling red gown with feather in she hair . miss bunny ( bad Marilyn Monroe imitation ) hi , I be miss Bunny and welcome to my Hollywood revue ... ( she giggle ) ... where the star shine forever . int . miss bunny's hollywood revue - day tinseltown life . tin foil be wrap around everything , the wall , door and ceiling . Fake cement handprint of movie great cover the tiny floor . badly sculpt statue of marilyn monroe , groucho marx and JOHN wayne stand in the corner . Dead center be a small puppet show stage . miss bunny hi , this be the place where the magic happen . close up - squirrel a stuff squirrel dress in a gray skirt and jacket , a tilt hat sit atop its head . miss bunny ( hold up squirrel ) this be Jenny , she be we resident ingrid bergman . miss Bunny pick up a stuff white cat wear a brown trenchcoat . miss bunny this be Ronald J. perrywinckle ... we humphrey bogart ... today we will be do a scene from casablanca . miss Bunny begin to make the dead animal puppet interact . she provide they voice . humphrey cat if that plane leave the ground and you be not with he you will regret it ... maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow but soon and for the rest of you life . ingrid squirrel but what about we ? humphrey cat we will always have Paris . we do not have , we lose it ... until you come to casablanca . we get it back last night . ingrid squirrel when I say I would never leave you . humphrey cat and you never will . ext . wood - night a single flashlight beam cut through the darkness of the dense wood . Bill stumble behind baby , she be clearly in she element . bill how much further ? baby almost there ... be you in a hurry or something ? bill well , yeah , kind of . int . car - night Jerry be stretch out across the front seat , read a book on freak show . denise and Mary sit in the back , curl up under layer of blanket and clothes . DENISE fuck , it 's freezing . jerry hey , listen to this ... I think this be related to we Dr. Satan . DENISE oh , yeah . jerry yeah , in this book there 's a chapter call self make freak about how people would mutilate themselves in order to work in a freak show . it mostly talk about tattooe people and wild man of borneo and shit like that , but there be one mention of a single case where a woman be suspect of have she arm remove on purpose to become a arm-less wonder . DENISE yeah , so how do that fit with the story of four moron with a flat tire look for a dead tree ? jerry it say , " record show that ellie Thompson be bear in 1914 of normal physical stature and live a life of normal bearing , until such time that she be place in the care of the willow State mental facility . " DENISE so. jerry now she be put in the nuthouse in 1930 at the age of 16 . DENISE why ? jerry ( scan the book ) blah , blah , blah ... it do not say , but she be release sometime in 1937 , only to reappear as ellie bogdan , the arm -less wonder . say she , " criss -cross the United States constantly in carnival and freak show until she death in 1946 . " DENISE yeah ? jerry this date perfectly correspond with the time frame of we beloved Dr. Satan work at the looney bin . I will bet he amputate she arm . DENISE so what ? jerry I do not know , I just think it be interesting . DENISE you know what Jerry , who really care at this point ? jerry I do not ... ( to himself ) ... I just think it be weird . mary ( burst in ) God damn it , I must be fuck crazy to let he go off with that crazy fuck bitch . jerry huh ? mary that stupid hillbilly slut . jerry oh , do not blow everything out of proportion . mary you do not see the look she throw I . she 's up to something . DENISE yeah , Jerry , she say some pretty fuck shit to we . jerry when ? DENISE when you be outside with Bill . mary she say we look like pussy licker or some shit like that . DENISE yeah , she say we look queer . jerry aw , get over it , she 's just some dopey redneck , she be not smart enough to be up to nothing ... I mean anything ... chick . ext . farmhouse - night a old gothic farmhouse stand atop a hill at the end of a long sloping dirt road . scarecrow with pumpkin head hang crucified on cross lining the drive . everything be severely overgrown . Bill and baby enter the gate of the farm , they walk up the main drive . baby run forward and begin jump around in the huge mud puddle , then run up onto the front porch of the old house . the front of the house be cover with strange junk art . hundred of doll face be nail to the wall . baby this be all my doll . I use to like to chop they head off . Broken bottle and can be cement together in weird human figure , animal skin stretch over bone armature form a makeshift roof . glow down from the upper window be grin jack - o '- lantern . baby the door 's lock . I will gotta go around ... wait here . bill ok . baby run off around the side of the house . Bill stand look off into the distance at the desolate farm grounds . the rain continue to hammer down . from bill Pov we see a silhouette of a lone figure walk in the distance . the shape of a large dog follow behind he . Bill jump , startle by the sound of the heavy front door open . bill Christ , you scared the shit out of I . baby aw , you be not see nothing yet . bill be you brother ready to go ? baby oh ... yeah , he already leave . we will wait inside , come on . bill he leave ! baby yeah , come on . baby grab Bill by the arm and pull he into the house . the heavy iron door slam shut . int . car - same denise and Mary sit face one another , play card . Mary deal from a deck . Jerry nap in the front seat . mary how long have it be ? DENISE I do not know ... about half a hour . a metal klang be faintly hear . mary what be that ? DENISE what ? I do not hear anything . mary wait ... quiet . turn off the radio . Mary reach over the front seat and turn off the radio . DENISE now ... listen . they sit in silence . mary I do not hear anything . DENISE ( whisper ) shhhhhh , quiet . mary I still do not . DENISE turn on the headlight . see if anything be out there . Mary turn on the headlight . denise let out a blood-curdling scream . Jerry bolt up . jerry what ... what ! stand dead center in the road be the giant shape of a man hold a heavy chain with a huge hook on the end . mary lock the door ... quick , quick . everybody scramble to lock the door . DENISE Holy fuck , holy fuck , holy fuck . on closer inspection , Jerry notice the chain be attach to the back of a tow truck . jerry hold on , hold on ! everybody calm down ! it 's the tow truck guy . mary what ! DENISE Jesus Christ . mary I think I be gonna have a fuck heart attack . jerry ( Scottish accent ) ok lassy , I think it 's time you get to grip reality . mary enough with the stupid voice . the brute man attaches the chain to the car and begin raise it with he truck . a sign on the side of the truck read firefly towing . dissolve to : close up - tv screen we be watch a scene from the old dark house . gloria stuart , raymond massey and melvyn douglas be stand in the rain pound on a huge wooden door . gloria stuart knock again louder . melvyn douglas I should of think that be loud enough to wake the dead ... that 's a idea . raymond massey what be ? melvyn douglas would not it be dramatic , suppose the people inside be dead . all stretch out with the light quietly burn about they . gloria stuart I be sure it would be very amusing . we pull back from the tv to see Bill 's clothes drying by the fireplace . Bill , now wear overall and a flannel shirt , be sit on a old over stuff sofa . bill so , you live here alone ... I mean with just you brother ? baby ( speak from the next room ) no . there 's a bunch a we 'round somewhere ... I think mamma 's sleepin' . she sleep a lot , now ... do you want marshmallow ? bill um , yeah sure , I guess . baby you sure do a lot of guess . baby set down the tray , make sure to bend over close to Bill . she hand he he drink and sit down next to he . bill thank you . baby you be welcome . baby move closer to Bill , he begin to get nervous . bill hey , um ... ( point to the mount animal head over the fireplace ) ... what kind of animal be that ? baby a dead one . bill ( sip he drink ) mmmmm , this be tasty . baby ( scoops out some marshmallow with she finger ) ai not the only thing tasty in this house . ( lick it off ) bill I wonder what time it be . seem kind of late . baby do not worry , sugar . it be not past my bedtime ... be you flirt with I ? bill what ? no , I be be worried that ... I be just wonder what 's take so long . baby oh. maybe r.j. get into a crash and kill everbody ? bill that 's not something to joke about . baby ( roll she eye ) ok , sorry ... maybe the great pumpkin eat them up . finally , the SOUND of a truck pull up can be heard . Bill jump up and go to the window . bill hey , great they be back . baby ( sarcastically ) whoopie fuck doo . tv screen - same on the b+w screen we see dr . wolfenstein , a local horror movie host . he look like a cross between the wolfman and lon chaney in london after midnight . dr . wolfenstein ( sound like wolfman Jack ) aaaahooooh , the Doctor be in ! do not move , do not scream . stay tune for more creature craziness from channel 68 's Halloween eve movie marathon . I be you host ... you ghost host with the most , baby ... Dr. wolfenstein and will be with you until the end . aaaaaaahooooooh ! ext . farmhouse - night Bill stand on the front porch watch as the truck roughly jerk the car to a stop . Jerry jump out , open the back door and help denise . jerry ( look at Bill ) hey , nice outfit billy Bob . DENISE thanks for come to get we . Little brother almost scared we to death . jerry ( quietly to Bill as he pass ) dude , you chick 's a little high strung . Mary be the last one out of the car . she say nothing as she walk to join the other on the porch . her look say it all as she walk by Bill and into the house . bill Mary , I be sorry but he leave without I . Mary ... come on , you do not think I would leave you strand out there . int . farmhouse - night everyone stand around at the fireplace , try to dry off . DENISE look . I gotta call my dad and tell he we be gonna be late . can I use you phone ? baby sit silently watch tv . DENISE Excuse I , may I please use you phone ? mary ( sarcastically ) Bill , why do not you ask she ... she 's you special friend . a voice from upstairs answer . mother ai not get one . mother come into view from the darkness above . she be in she fifty , but look young . a sleazy white trash queen . she slowly descend the stair . DENISE huh ? oh , hi . you really do not have a phone ? mother no , none . I have one once , back in ' 57 maybe ... I do not know . really be not nobody we wanna be jaw flap at around here no more . jerry hey , maybe the guy with the tow truck could drive we to a phone . mother his name be rufus , rufus Jr. , but we all call he r.j. jerry oh , right . mother what do they call you , sweety ? jerry um , I be Jerry ... that 's Bill ... denise and Mary . bill yeah , maybe r.j. could just tow we and we car to the nearest garage . DENISE I mean obviously we will compensate you for you trouble . mother oh , you be not no trouble , no , no , no fuss . ( clap she hand ) baby ... go see what rufus Jr. be do with this nice folk ' automobile . baby slowly rise like a defiant child and walk out of the room . mother in the meanwhile please make yourselves at home . dissolve to : montage gruesome crime scene photo flash across the screen . child ( sing , off screen ) 98 body in you bed , some be green , some be red . eat the flesh and pick the bone , drink the blood when you get home . 99 body in the ground , some be blue , some be brown . Gather 'round the people say , where do you go when you be dead ? int . farmhouse - live room - night mother , Jerry , denise and Mary be all seat on the sofa . Bill sit in a easy chair . mother so , what bring you kid way out here , be not you get something better to do for Halloween than wander around out here in the stick ? jerry well , I think I would maybe take in a hoedown . mother ( flirt ) oh , really ... ( put she hand on Jerry 's knee and wink ) ... well , I be a pretty good dancer if you know what I mean ... I bet I get a few move you be not never see . jerry I do not doubt that . DENISE no , he 's just joke . we do not really have any plan other than spend the night at my dad 's house ... ( glance at Jerry ) ... which be where we be head when we car break down . mother that 's nice . DENISE yeah , I guess I will just help he hand out candy to the trick or treater . jerry and I be gonna help put the razor blade in the candy apple . mother I will bet you be ... you be a naughty little thing be not ya . jerry I be just kid . Bill and Mary snicker at Jerry 's comment . denise try to keep a straight face . mother oh , I get it ... I guess you think you be too good for the simple pleasure of Halloween . mary no , just a little too old . mother oh really , well I hope something change you mind some day . baby return from the garage . baby tiny 's home . mother what about r.j.? baby oh , he be already go before I see he ... but tiny see he and say he say he be go out to the yard to get a new wheel . bill the yard , what 's that ? mother it 's a old auto junkyard out in baldwin . DENISE how long be that gonna take ? mother he should be back in a couple hour . mary a couple hour ! DENISE can not tiny drive we to a phone ? mother and baby laugh . mother ( laugh ) tiny be not get no car , he be not even get a bicycle . DENISE how 's he get around out here ? baby he walk , duh . mary Fucking great . mother I know you be my guest and welcome but I would please advise you to keep from cussing while in my house , thank you . mary sorry . mother well , even though I know it seem childish to you all . tonight be Halloween eve and it special to we so you be all invite to stay for dinner . under the circumstance they realize they have no choice . they grin and bear it . DENISE thank you . jerry ( imitate elvis ) yes , thank you . thank you very much . mother ( mother touch Jerry 's shoulder suggestively ) you be a strange one , be not ya honey . I think you and I be get on like ... ( she think for a second ) ... like something real good . camera move over to the tv . the end fade up on screen . Dr. wolfenstein appear over the credit . dr . wolfenstein there well , who know there be love to be find in the Old Dark House . come up next , do not move a muscle , a artery or a vein as we venture into another creepy classic ... be you ready for the wolfman , baby ? int . house - dine room Bill , Jerry , Mary and denise be now all seat around a large dining room table . a thick mountain of candle sit burn dead center on the table , give off a warm glow . dozen of Halloween decoration dangle from string over the table , spider , bat and black cat . there be a hand - make paper mache mask sit on each plate . mary ( hold up the witch mask ) I hope to Christ she do not expect we to wear this thing . bill whatever it be just do it . the more we play along the faster we will get the hell out of here . DENISE really , now be not the time to make wave . jerry hey , I be just wait for cousin itt to show up . DENISE shhhhhh . mother walk in hold a cover serve tray . DENISE you sure you do not need any help in there ? mother no dear , I be fine . now what kind of host would I be if I put my guest to this kind of work . she set the tray and go back in the kitchen . boom ! the sound of the front door slamming shut be hear , follow by the pounding of heavy footstep . mother 's and baby 's shouting be hear . baby ( o.s. ) ma , tiny 's in . mother ( o.s. ) go tell he to get you grandpa . int . house - baby room baby be stand in front of she closet stare at she clothes . the wall of she room be cover with b+w photo of movie star . baby ( whining ) ma , I can not , I be busy get dress . int . house - dine room tiny enter and remove he coat . everyone be speechless . tiny be over seven feet tall and weigh three hundre pound . he be wear a black sweater with a big red skull stitched into it . a red knit ski mask cover he face . Black glove cover he hand . tiny sit at the table , look down at he plate and say nothing . mother come to fetch tiny . she relay a message to he with strange hand gesture . tiny get up and leave the room . mother you will have to forgive tiny , he can not hear so much . DENISE oh. mother yeah , my poor baby . it 's he daddy 's fault . I mean Earl be a good man ... I mean he never hit I or nothing , but one day he just get up and go pure devil on we all . DENISE what happen ? oh , I be sorry , it 's none of my business . mother he try to burn the house down , say it be possess by the spirit . tiny be sleep in the basement where the fire start . I do not think Earl ever mean to harm we ... but tiny be badly burnt , he ear be destroy and most of he skin . bill be that why he wear the mask ? mother yeah , my baby boy get shy around new people , but he will warm up to ya ... especially the lady . jerry great . I think I feel a certain attraction between Mary and tiny soon as he walk in . mother maybe . he 's a real lady killer . jerry do not ya think , Mary ? Mary just smile , then give Jerry a dirty look . mother well , we will see ... the night be young and so be you ... oh well , couple more minute . mother return to the kitchen . DENISE ( elbow Jerry ) do not be such a fuck smart ass . mary yeah , it 's really you fault that we be stick in this shithole in the first place . jerry oh , do not worry she do not get offended by what I say . you two get to lighten up ... right , Bill ? bill whatever , at this point all I care about be food . I be starve and I get a fuck killer headache . jerry hey , I ask you if you want some chicken . bill do not look like chicken to I , more like fry pussy cat . jerry ( shrug ) tasted pretty good . int . farmhouse - grampa' room - night in a cramped , darken room we see the huge shape of tiny hover over a bed contain the hunch , fragile old body of grampa . grampa struggle to sit , then slowly slide he leg over the edge of the bed . tiny help he to stand . grampa God damn it , I can do it . I can do it myself , ya big monkey . I be not dead yet ... so do not you and you sister start count out my money yet . grampa steady himself against tiny . they slowly walk out of the room . grampa God damn , my dog be bark . as they move into the light of the hallway , it be clear that grampa be in he late 80' . grampa quickly grow tired . tiny pick he up in he arm and carry he down the stair to the dining room . as they move past , the camera come to rest on a strange object sit on a shelf . a large glass jar contain a deformed baby . the pickle punk look to have a small second head grow from its temple . the label on the jar read stuffy 1973 . the sound from the tv fade up in the background . bela lugosi be voice can be hear . bela lugosi ( v.o. ) you hand , please . you leave hand show you past ... dissolve to : tv screen bela be see as a fortune teller hold a woman 's hand . this be a scene from the wolfman . bela lugosi ... and you right hand show you future . close up we see a tight shot of the woman 's palm . a pentagram appear . int . denise' father' house - night we pull back from the tv to find Donald Willis sit in a old easy chair . the room be modest , but comfortable . he reach over and pick up a small alarm clock , notice the time , concerned look come over he face . the phone ring . he quickly answer it . mr. willis hello , denise ? disappointment . he mute the tv . mr. willis oh , yeah ... no , Fred . I be hope you be denise , she 's a little late . ( pause ) yeah , yeah I be sure the rain just slowed them down ... yeah ... uh- huh , yeah ... no , no you can keep it ' till Tuesday ... alright , talk to ya tomorrow , bye . unmute the sound on the tv . int . dine room - night the feast be on . mother , tiny , grampa , Jerry , Bill , Mary and denise be gather around the table . mother ok , everyone , put on you mask . we can not very well eat with we everyday face expose . mother put on she mask , tiny and grampa follow . Jerry , Bill and denise slowly raise up they mask , Mary hesitates . grampa ( to Mary ) Christ kid , put it on . she be not let any of we touch the grub ' till you be wear the damn thing . Mary roll she eye and comply . jerry I have be meaning to ask you , Mrs ... ummmm . mother ( hesitates ) firefly . jerry firefly ... mmmmm odd name . Mrs. firefly , do you know anything about the legend of Dr. Satan ? bill here we go . grampa shift he eye onto mother . mother ( nervously ) well , I be not much for local gossip a this and that , but I have hear it mention in pass over the year but ... I mean folk be queer and they say thing , crazy thing you know what I mean ? grampa it 's all talk , yakty yak , like a bunch of hungry chipmunk ... Christ , Dr. Satan . that take the bull 's nut alright ... ( start laugh ) ...hey , I hear some genius up north get a hot line on the Easter Bunny for ya . a voice from the shadow interrupt . otis ( slowly ) I know all about what you want to know about . a pale figure creep forward like nosferatu from a dark corner of the room . this be otis . he stand six foot , but be deathly slim . his skin be translucent , glow in the dark . Long thin white hair cover he head . his eye be grey . he be a albino . he be hold a glass jar contain a SMALL fetus . on closer inspection we see there be two small body join to one head . the label read wolf . mother ( happy surprise ) otis ! I can not believe you decide to come down and join we ... and you bring little Wolf . this really be a special night ... all my baby together . otis set the disturbing jar of Wolf on the table . he lean forward onto the jar , rest he chin . otis now , I do not know where you hear all you little fairy fable about Dr. Satan but ... bill from a Captain spauld down at some museum . otis ( laugh ) that old bitch hog do not know shit . he tell cute little tattle - tale to sell he junk , but he do not sell no yankee boy no truth . jerry but something happen , right ? I mean the story be base on a real incident , right ? grampa ( mouth full of food ) what be you , Jimmy Olsen cub reporter for the Daily asshole ? mother grampa ... watch the language . otis I be not sure that you really need to know . it 's better you go home still dream about you kitty cat and puppy dog . jerry I really want to know . grampa hey , the kid want to know . enlighten he . otis Boy , I bet you would stick you head in the fire if I tell ya you would see Hell ... meanwhile you too stupid to realize you get a demon stick out you ass sing , " Holy miss moly , I get a live one . " DENISE can we please change the subject ? the clock on the wall strike ten . grampa ( shouting ) dinner 's over . ( push he plate back and stand up ) lady and germ ... it 's showtime . grampa hobble out of the room . bill what 's he so excited about ? DENISE yeah , showtime for what ? mother for the show . it 's Halloween eve and time for we show . jerry oh , you mean on tv . mother no , no , no it 's so much more special than that ... you will see , you will be the first to ever see . I think this be something you will really love . jerry great . ext . farmhouse - barn - night billy , Jerry , Mary and denise stand wait in front of a old barn . tiny unlock the huge door of the barn and swing they open . stand inside wait be mother . she be all dress up for the occasion . mother please , come in ... how many in you party ... ( she count the head ) ...one , two , three and four ... right this way . mother hand each of they a fold piece of paper , which serve as a program book . Hand draw on each be a orange pumpkin . int . farmhouse - barn - night we follow mother inside . thousands of red Christmas light hang down , strung through the rotting wood rafter . crates , barrel and a odd assortment of chair face a large quilt curtain . fill this seat be lifeless dummy . mother please be seat . mother motion toward four empty seat in the front row . jerry ( whisper ) this be way too fuck up for word . mary ( loud whisper ) I know the word ... fuck psycho fuck bullshit , that 's the word . bill just grin and bear it . DENISE that food ... ( hold stomach ) ugh , I feel like I be gonna puke . Jerry , Bill , Mary and denise take they seat . Mary flip open the program . Inside , write in crayon , be the word : halloween extravaganza -- star the Comedy legend grampa and the World famous baby . mary ( to Bill ) check this out . bill well , ya can not complain I never take you anyplace . the sound of a warpe crackle record fill the room . Lounge music . a small spotlight hit the quilt curtain cover the stage . mother firefly stand behind the control . she be smile proudly . the curtain clumsily part to reveal : a stage set piece together from amusement park wreckage . a giant paint plywood devil loom over the stage , surround by dance skeleton and demon girl . a microphone stand center stage . bill ( quietly ) I can not believe what I be see . jerry I know , this be fuck nut . mary this be start to make I real uncomfortable . bill just sit back and enjoy the show . the sound of canned applause fill the room . Bill begin to applaud , Jerry and denise join in . Mary do not . grampa ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , straight from he smash six week sell out run at tiki- ti Club ... the stardust lounge be proud to present Mr. sexy himself ... grampa Hugo . grampa walk out to center stage , mic in hand and begin to speak . grampa hey , let I tell ya a story ... so I be hang out with my buddy hal jackowictz and I be like , hey hal let 's go get some booze and chase the chicken ... fuck hal say no , no the old battle axe at home will break my ball ... I gotta get my ass home . the kid stare in shock at grampa . Jerry begin to laugh . grampa so , I tell ' im ... hal , here 's the secret . go home tonight , crawl into bed , get under the cover and eat you wife 's pussy ... I mean jam you face right in the bush . Jerry start to giggle . DENISE ( quietly ) what be you laugh at ? jerry I do not know , I think he 's funny . DENISE this be not funny , it 's twisted . grampa so , hal go home , jump in , start chomping and lick away at she pussy , she 's scream and howling ... totally pass out from the experience . mary dear God , let this end . grampa now , hal ... he 's feel pretty good , so he go into the bathroom for a quick shave ... ( pause ) ... suddenly he let out a horrible scream . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! the record crowd chuckle . grampa sitting there on the toilet be hal 's wife gloria ... and she say , " quiet down , you will wake grandma ! " the record crowd scream with laughter , as do Jerry . Bill , denise and Mary look at he like he 's crazy . grampa thank you , you be too kind , too kind ... stay in you seat , come up next we get something special for you man out there . the curtain close and the stage go dark . DENISE shit , I be all for be a sport , but this be ridiculous . bill ( look at he watch ) man , it 's already ten thirty . mary I be with denise , can not we just walk to someplace , this be get fuck stupid . jerry negative . shit , we be so deep in the stick we could walk for hour and find zero . bill yeah , I would say at this point all we can do be just wait it out . there 's nothing else . DENISE I suppose . I mean they be obviously all bonker , but I guess they be harmless . mary I fuck hope so . the stage light come up . the record applause and music begin . baby enter the stage . she be dress in a home - make showgirl outfit . she begin to dance clumsily to the music . she appear to be somewhat intoxicate . the vocal come on and baby begin to lipsync to the song . DENISE you gotta be kid I . this chick be waste . jerry shhhhhh . mary how much be a person suppose to stand ? bill ( motion for Mary to keep she voice down ) quiet . mary ( sarcastically ) oh , I be sorry , bother you ? be I disturbing you view pleasure ? baby make she way down from stage on to floor level . she gyrate and seductively tease one of the dummy audience member . baby move over to Jerry . stroke she hand down he face . denise try to look amused . Jerry smile uncomfortably . baby stroll past denise and stop in front of Mary . baby pause and pinch Mary 's cheek and wink . Mary be furious . baby move over to Bill . Mary watch like a mother hawk . baby sing and dance with all of she attention focus on Bill . baby put she arm around Bill 's neck and sit on he lap . Mary bolt forward and shove baby off of Bill . baby crash onto the floor . mary take that , you fuck slut ! ( Mary spit at baby ) Fucking redneck whore ! baby you should not a do that . mary why ? you gonna do something about it ? baby ( stand up ) yeah , I will do something . baby take out a straight razor from behind she back . baby I will cut you fuck tit off and shove them down you throat . mother baby ! stop ! Mrs. firefly run down from she position behind the spotlight and intercede . baby come on , mar ... this bitch 's get it come . mother no , I tell you ... screech ! the garage door slide open . rufus have return . rufus jr. ( interrupt ) car 's do . DENISE thank God . mother I suggest you kid leave now . mary do not worry , I be go . ext . farmhouse - night Bill , Jerry , denise and Mary climb back into they car . bill do not look back , just get in the car . DENISE lock the fuck door . int . car - night Bill begin to pull the car down the long dirt driveway towards the road . the heavy rain make visibility difficult . bill ( strain to see through the darkness ) almost there . jerry Jesus , you think she be really gonna cut you ? mary ( lean she forehead on the window ) of course she be gonna cut I , she 's a fuck nut ... ( close she eye and take a breath ) I know she be crazy from the second we pick she up . slam ! suddenly , baby pound she fist against Mary 's window . Mary jump back in terror . baby ( scream ) you be in Hell , bitch ! you be gonna die like a dog ! baby disappear into the darkness . mary go! go! go ! get we out of here ! Bill pull the car up to the front gate . it be chain shut with a huge padlock . lightning crash , illuminate the crucify scarecrow . flash close - up cut - of grin jack - o- lantern face peer down from above . int . car - night Bill open the car door , start to get out . mary ( hysterical ) what be you do ! bill I gotta open the gate . mary drive through it ! bill it will not work . jerry Holy fuck , hurry up . Jerry , Mary and denise watch through the windshield as Bill struggle to unlatch the thick iron gate . suddenly , one of the scarecrow jump down from he cross and smashes Bill over the head with a heavy club . Bill drop to he knee . mary Bill ! help he ! Jerry throw open he door to get out . he 's shove back into the car by another , larger scarecrow outside he door . this scarecrow begin smash the car 's window with a metal pipe . Bill lay motionless , face down in the mud . his attacker turn he attention on the car . he also begin smash the car 's window . ext . car - night from a distance we see Jerry pull from the car and beat . the girl be helplessly trap inside the destroy vehicle . the scarecrow continue to pound on the car . as we fade out , the sound of a barking dog can be hear . fade to : ext . farmhouse - magic from a long shot , we see the farmhouse in the early morning sunrise . all be still . the sound of a engine start break the early morning silence . rufus 's tow truck be see pull away from behind the house . the beaten remains of Bill 's car be tow behind it . ext . willis house - sunrise darkness , except for the face of a alarm clock . the time be 7:00 am . tick , tick , tick ... buzzzzzz . the alarm go off . a hand reach over and turn off the alarm . we hear a deep groan . a light turn on . int . willis' live room - morning Don Willis wake up , have fall asleep in he easy chair . he sit up and wipe the sleep from he eye . he run a hand across he head , smoothing out he thinning grey hair . he pick up a phone next to he bed , dial a number , wait . mr. willis hi. Lieutenant broekman please ... Donald Willis . he hold . mr. willis hey , phil ... ( listen ) yeah , I be alright ... but I need you to check on something for I . Willis stand , walk to the window , open the shade , morning sun fill the room . shelf by the window be cluttere with frame photograph . b+w memory of denise at the beach , rudy the dog . High school graduation and Donald Willis in uniform with the other member of 56 precinct . Donald be a former police officer . mr. willis I be a little worried about denise . she call I last night from the road , out by ruggsville at some joint call spauld 's or something like that , say she would be here about eleven ... but she never show up . pace . mr. willis yeah , if you could run a check on up that way and see about any accident or road close or anything , I would really appreciate it ... ( listen ) ... yeah , yeah , I know ... I be sure nothing happen but , you know I I like to worry ... thanks ... bye . hang up the phone . int . farmhouse - otis' room - day Mary open she eye , squinting into the light . sunlight peer through filth on the window , fracture by the tatter remain of rotted curtain . peel yellow newspaper serve as wallpaper surround the window . Mary 's eye move across the wall to a painting of a big eyed kitten . she stare at it and smile . a look of horror begin to appear on she face . she begin to scream uncontrollably . otis ( off screen ) shut you fuck mouth ! she be hysterical . otis I say shut you mouth ! zoom back to see Mary wear a dunce cap , tie to a chair , face a corner in the farmhouse 's attic . this be otis 's art studio . otis , stand before a large canvas , set down he paint brush and calmly walk over to Mary . he spin she chair around , clamp she mouth shut with he hand and lean he nose against hers . otis ( slow and sinister ) listen , you malibu barbie middle class piece of shit . I be try to work , you get I , work ... you ever work ? Mary 's eye scream with terror , she nod yes . otis yeah , I will bet you do . scoop ice cream to you shitheel friend on summer break ... well , I be not talk about white sock with mickey mouse on one side and Donald duck on the other ... shit , you be not read no funny book , mamma . otis raise he paint cover hand . otis this be blood and gut , suzy q . we body come and go , but this blood be forever ... ( pull a small book from he breast pocket ) ... let I read you something , listen and learn ... you listen ? otis pull back he hand , ready to backhand she across the face with the book . she nod again . he lower the book . otis ( gesture dramatically ) and the angel , all pallid and want , uprise , unveil , affirm that the play be the tragedy " man " and its hero the conqueror Worm ... ( pause ) ... you get that ? Art be eternal , you get I , mamma ? Mary stare dumbfounded . otis now , I be gonna remove my hand ... you make a sound and I swear I will slit you open and make you eat you own fuck intestine ... you get I ? she nod again . he slowly remove he hand from she mouth . Mary try to remain calm , but start to hyperventilate . tear roll down she face . mary ( whisper ) why ? why be you do this ? otis do what ? messy up you day ? well , fuck lady there be some bigger issue at hand ... than you fuck have a nice fuck day bumper sticker shit ! mary where 's Bill ? otis ( chuckle ) well , Bill ... he 's a good guy , he 's be great help to I ... a real bless ... I could not have ask for a better specimen . I mean you do not know what a dry spell I have have , total block ... ( slap he forehead ) ... total block ... but Bill he 's ok . Mary look confuse , but relieved . mary ( softly ) where be he ? otis let 's go see . otis grab the back of the chair and drag she across the room towards a curtain off area . whoosh ! he pull she through the curtain . from behind the curtain we hear Mary scream and otis laughing . mary ( behind curtain ) Bill ? no , no , no ! what have you do ? Bill ! int . curtain room - otis' room - day ugliness . decay . pain . carefully arrange on a model 's platform be the severe torso of Bill sewn to a large homemade fish tail . he be lie on he ride side pose . Bill 's face be freeze in a death scream . otis behold ... the Fish - Boy ! mary ( repeat to herself ) this can not be real , this can not be real , this can not be real . otis oh , it 's real ... as real as I want it to be , mamma ... ( grab he canvas and hold it in she face ) ... look , see the magic in my brush stroke . paint on the canvas be the gruesome scene of Bill as the Fish -boy . mary ( cry ) fuck you , you fuck freak ! otis oh , come now ... we be all creature of God and freak in we own way ... ( twitches and shake ) ... but if you will notice ... ( point to a blank spot in the painting ) right here , need a little something , heh ? otis slowly put down the canvas , turn and pick up a huge hunt knife . mary what be you do ? ( squirming ) ...no , stop ... please , please . otis you , my dear worm feeder , be about to become immortalize . otis draw back the knife . mary ( scream ) noooooooooooo ! otis swing the knife forward , directly into the camera . close up - clown face ravelli 's clown head bob back and forth . pull back to : ravelli , wear he clown head , stand by the road side wave to pass car . ext . spaulding be - day a police car drive past ravelli and come to a stop . officer GEORGE wydell , 42 , a big , slightly paunchy man with a big mustache and mirrore sunglass , step from he car . follow close behind , officer steve naish , 29 , tall athletic . wydell ( pause , look around , pull up he belt ) well , let 's go see if the nut that run this place can help we . naish right . they walk to the door . int . spaulding be - day the door swing open . wydell enter slowly , put on he best cowboy attitude . naish follow suit . wydell , hand on he belt , strut up to the counter . no one be around . a rusted bell sit on the counter , tape to it be a handwritten note , " ring for service " . wydell ring it once , wait , no response . ring it again , wait , no response . naish ( look around the room ) get a load of all this crap ... this be one sick place . wydell begin ringing the bell non-stop . spauld shout from the backroom . capt . spaulding whoever 's a jerk off on that bell better be go when I get out there ... ' cause I be gonna rip you nut off . spauld enter from behind the curtain , angry . he see the trooper and put on a phony grin . capt . spaulding officer , officer what can I do for you today ? I be not fry up the bird yet ... if that 's what you be ring a ding ding about . wydell ( pull a paper from he pocket ) what I need be some answer . ( unfold the paper to reveal a picture of denise ) capt . spaulding well , I will try but I do not know nothing ' bout nobody . I be a guy who like to mind he own business , if ya get what I be say . wydell ( hold up picture ) you see this girl ? say ... within the last 24 hour . spauld reach out and grab the picture . capt . spaulding ( study the picture ) yeah , yeah I see she . good look kid , but not really my type ... ( gesture with he hand ) ... I like meaty , eh ? naish ( lose patience ) hey ass clown , how ' bout some answer . he be not interested in you love life . wydell come on , get with the fact . capt . spaulding hmmmmmmmmm ? wydell what would you see , who be she with , where be they go ? capt . spaulding aw , she be with some nosey , smartass high - rise kid . they be poke around ... ask stupid question . naish question about what ? capt . spaulding this and that , mostly some tired Dr. Satan bullshit ... they get a gander at the display back there and think they could solve the great deadwood mystery . wydell and ... capt . spaulding and I give them direction out there , up by the old farm row ... I figure what 's the harm . stupid kid probably go out to piss up a rope and get themselves turn around backassward and get lose as shit . wydell be that all ... think real hard . capt . spaulding yeah , they be not here but a few minute , do not really have time to get as up close and personal as I do with most of the asshole that wander through here . wydell how 's about you give I that same direction . capt . spaulding yeah , yeah , sure . you do not have to get all true grit all over my ass ... I will give be to ya ... you can knock yourself silly for all I care . wydell ( hand he a note pad ) enough talk , write . int . tow truck - day we be cruise down the road . a bob head skeleton toy glue to the dashboard wiggle with each bump in the road . behind the wheel be rufus Jr. , riding shotgun be baby , dress in she Sunday best . the radio be blast . baby ( scream over the music ) we be gonna have fun tonight , bro . rufus JR . yeah , fun . they speed off . ext . cherrypicker rd . - wood - midday the police cruiser maneuver down the rough dirt road . int . police car - midday wydell and naish scan the surround wood for any sign of denise and she friend . naish boss , the way I see it be this kid probally stop off somewhere , buy a bunch of booze and be off get shitface . wydell I hope you be right , but my gut be tell I different . naish you spidey sense tingling . wydell yeah ... ( realize what he just say ) ...huh , what the hell be you talk about ? naish you know , you hyper sensitive spidey sense ... like spider-man ... ( pause ) ... you know , like in the comic . wydell how old do you think I be ? I know who the fuck spider- man be . get to you point . naish you know , he sense start tingling ... when he be approach danger and shit . wydell I always favore the hulk . naish hulk be dumb as shit . wydell aw , fuck . naish what . ext . cherrypicker rd . - wood - midday Bill 's car be down in a ditch , run off the side of the road . int . police car - midday naish check the license plate number with he sheet . naish plates match . wydell call the chief ... we find them . ext . pink pussy cat liquors - midday a small , crummy liquor store stand next to a sleazy motel . a filthy look hooker lead she customer to a wait room , a homeless bum stand scream obscenity in the parking lot . int . pink pussy cat liquors - midday the store be decorate for Halloween . off to one side be a curtain room . a sign read " xxx 8 mm loop " , sex noise can be hear inside . baby and rufus stand at the counter wait for the cashier , a skinny geek with glass , to total up they purchase . the counter be load with bottle . the cashier be pack the bottle into cardboard box . cashier you all have a Halloween party tonight ? baby now , what make you think that ? cashier you all sure be buy a lot of holy water for two people . baby yeah , well we like to get fuck up and do fuck up shit , you know what I mean ? cashier yeah , yeah ... ( giggle ) ... I like to fuck shit up . baby I will bet you do ... how much we owe ya ... ( look at he name tag ) ... goober ? cashier ( look down at he tag ) actually it 's G. ober ... Gerry ober , but the guy draw in the other o , fuck asshole . baby ( uninterested ) great story goober , how much ? cashier ummmm ... two hundred and eighty - five dollar . baby throw down three hundred dollar . baby keep the change and get yourself a new name . cashier Holy crap , thanks ! rufus pick up the box from the counter . he and baby start to walk away . baby come on , bro . let 's go . cashier ( hold out a flyer ) hey , wait take this . baby stop and grab the flyer . baby what 's this ? cashier a miss girl . I use 'tat go to school with she , she just up and disappear some day ... real weird . the flyer read missing , karen murphy , 18 . the picture on the flyer show the smile chubby face of a young girl . baby now be not she a happy little cherub ... oh well ( stuff it in she pocket ) ... nobody just up and disappear . rufus jr. ( mutter ) alien . baby yeah , maybe it be fuck alien . ext . pink pussy cat liquor - midday baby and rufus exit . rufus load the box into the back of the truck . baby sit on the curb and light a cigarette . ext . cherrypicker road - wood - midday Bill 's car be now sit in the middle of the road . the back be attach to a police tow truck . a additional police cruiser arrive on the scene . sheriff Huston step out from he cruiser . huston what would we here , georgie ? wydell a vehicle register to a William S. hudley . huston Holy Jesus , somebody have themselves a field day beat the shit outta this thing . wydell yeah , no mercy here . huston recover any body ? wydell not yet . huston ( inspect the car ) shit , I wonder what this kid do to bring this much hell down on them . wydell just in the wrong place at the wrong time . huston that 's the understatement of the year . wydell yep , I suppose it be . int . bill be car - wood - midday naish be digging around under the front seat . naish hey , I find something . naish crawl out of the car . ext . cherrypicker road - wood - midday huston what would ya get there ? naish key . huston well Christ boy , do not stand there like a prize dog dick with he butthole catch up a tree . naish huh ? huston open up the trunk . naish yes , sir . wydell toss them over here . naish toss they over the car to wydell . wydell fish through the key , find the trunk key and open it . wydell ( wince ) God damn . huston you find something , georgie ? wydell ( disgust ) yep , I find something . we move around the car to see the nude body of Karen Murphy lay in the trunk . her arm and leg be hog tie . she be dead . the word trick be carve into she side . int . farmhouse basement - tiny's room - late afternoon Water drip down from the leak pipe above . scavenge rat scurry across the concrete floor . in a far corner a single light burn , a child 's Humpty dumpty lamp , illuminate -- denise be strapped to a old wooden bed . she have be stripped of she own clothes and be now wear a blue check little girl 's dress . her hair be tie in pigtail . she be cold and shiver . boom . the basement door open , heavy footstep lumber down the creak stair . it be tiny . tiny be wear a orange T-shirt that read , " this be my Halloween costume " . for the first time we see the skin on he arm , it be severely deform from burn scar . he be hold a small tray . on the tray be a box of cereal , milk , a bowl and a spoon . tiny go over to denise , set down the tray , and proudly display he T-shirt . DENISE ( hoarse and dry ) please ... tiny , please . let I go ... help I . tiny sit down on a stool next to the bed , he stare down at denise like a confuse dog . DENISE ( cry ) please , God please . tiny begin prepare she food , carefully pour the cereal and milk into the bowl . he stir it with the spoon . tiny gently lift denise 's head and feed she like a baby . denise swallow the food , try not to choke . after a few spoonfuls tiny stand up and walk over to a dark corner of the room . he pull a string and turn on a swinging ceiling light . in the light we see a rusty cage , inside be three rail - thin female body . tiny throw the remainder of the cereal into the cage . one of the body move to eat the scrap , the other do not . they be dead . tiny turn off the overhead light . int . police car - late afternoon wydell and naish be pull into a large truck stop parking lot . naish you sure this guy 's suppose to ride with we ? seem kind of weird . wydell ( scan the parking lot ) Chief say pick he up and take he with we on we house to house . guy 's a ex-cop , think he can help . naish sound like a bad idea to I , probally just get in the way . wydell yeah , well I guess it 's tough to sit on the sideline and wait when you own kid 's miss ... besides , be not no such thing as a ex-cop . naish I guess not . wydell that must be he . ext . gas station - late afternoon a rundown gas station sit off to the side of the road . a filthy mechanic work on one of the many junked car . two fat greasy man sit in the hot sun play card . a chevy nova sit park next to the station . Willis lean against the side of the car , drink coffee from a styrofoam cup . a police cruiser pull up . wydell and naish step from the car . wydell Mr. Willis ? mr. willis yes , sir . wydell I be wydell ... this be naish . wydell extend he hand , they shake hand . naish hey . mr. willis George Willis ... ( to wydell ) ... any lead ? wydell well , we be on we way out to run a check on a couple farmhouse out on the edge of town ... close thing we get to a lead at this point . mr. willis that 's it ? wydell well , all we know be the kid be head out to a spot the local call deadwood to play Nancy Drew with some local legend about this character everybody call Dr. Satan . mr. willis Dr. Satan ? naish yeah it 's horseshit , just some boogieman crap that the kid like to scare each other with . wydell anyway , there 's not much else out that way ... so , I figure maybe there 's a chance the kid break down and find they way over to one of the farm . mr. willis what about the body you find ? wydell ( slightly surprised ) oh , yeah , you know about that ? hmmm , that 's a strange one . naish local girl , Karen Murphy , be miss for a couple month , figure for a runaway . mr. willis fit the profile ? naish no , not really . good kid , never be in any trouble . wydell her part in this I can not figure ... but I will . mr. willis ( wipe he brow ) Christ , you know it 's crazy ... ( get choke up ) I live through so many other people 's nightmare , you know . always cool and calm , but ... but I never think I would be the one need help , ya know ? naish do not worry , we will find she . wydell let 's hit the road , sooner we get a move on sooner we will find she . Willis dump out the remain coffee , toss the cup into the trash and open the back door of the police car . he get inside . wydell and naish climb in . the car drive off . int . farmhouse - otis be room - late afternoon thump ! close up on a bloody , bandage face . thump ! as we pull back to see Jerry , completely bandage like a mummy , strapped to a wall . his arm and leg be spread . thump ! knive stick in the wall next to the body . grampa ( off screen ) God damn bitch , what the fuck be you wait for ... Charles Nelson Reilly do not know shit ... we pull back further to see otis pace wildly back and forth in front of he tv , watch match game . grampa sit eat a tv dinner . otis ( gesture at the tv with a knife ) watch that bitch , she 's think about that klugman bangin' brett sommer , pick motherfuck Richard Dawson . otis throw the large hunt knife at the wall next to Jerry . otis he 's the fuck slick jack Match game man , mamma . grampa where do they find this people ? int . police cruiser - late afternoon mr. willis Christ , four kid could not just disappear . naish no they could not , somebody have to see something . mr. willis my denise be a smart girl , she would not do anything stupid , and she boyfriend , he always seem like a good kid . wydell I be sure there 's a logical explanation . mr. willis I pray to God there be . naish turn up this road . mr. willis where we head ? wydell I seem to remember another farm set way back off the road where the car be find . I be not sure if anyone life there anymore , but it 's worth a look . ext . farmhouse - late afternoon wydell 's cruiser turn up the road to the firefly farmhouse . it move past the scarecrow and come to a halt . the door swing open and wydell , naish and Willis get out . wydell I be gonna see if anybody 's home . you and Mr. Willis take a look around the grounds for any sign of anything . naish right ... ( to Willis ) ... come on . naish and Willis head off around the back of the house . int . farmhouse - kitchen - late afternoon dirty dish overflow from the rusty metal sink onto the surround counter . a large cat walk across pile of food leave to rot on a table . box of trash and old newspaper be stack to the ceiling . Music from a crackle radio be hear . mother stand stir a large pot on the stove . a loud knock interrupt she cooking . she set down she spoon and walk to the front door . before open the door she peek through the curtain of a small side window . she see wydell and run from the kitchen . ext . farmhouse - late afternoon wydell walk up the front step . int . farmhouse - hallway - late afternoon mother run toward a door at the end of the hall . she swing open the door . int . farmhouse - otis be room - late afternoon mother burst into the room . mother otis ! otis ! come quick , there 's cop outside . otis what ! God damn , how many ? grampa ( watch tv ) what ? how many ? otis do not worry about it . otis jump up and go over to a old dresser and open a drawer and pull out a automatic revolver . mother I do not know . I only see one . otis I be sure there 's more than that ... fuck pig always travel in pack ... ( hand the gun to mother ) ... here , take this . mother ( take the gun ) what should I do ? otis go down stair and play nice ... I be a gonna go 'round back and handle thing like I always fuck do . ext . farmhouse - same naish and Willis move through the cluttere back yard of garbage . naish shit , do not this packrat hillbilly throw anything away ? mr. willis shhhh ... you hear that ? the soft sound of moan can be hear . naish yeah , I hear it ... where 's it come from ? mr. willis over here , inside the smokehouse . naish and Willis stand in front of a brick smokehouse . the thick door be chain shut . naish ( knock on door ) anybody in there ? the moan get louder . mr. willis we gotta break it open . naish I be not get a warrant . Willis pick up a break axe handle and begin pry open the door . mr. willis tell it to my daughter . naish ( grab hold to help ) shit ... fuck procedure . together they struggle to open the door . int . farmhouse - same mother slowly open the front door . the revolver be behind she back , tuck in she apron string . mother ( try to be sexy ) well hello , officer . wydell ( hold up he badge ) Excuse I , I be sorry for disturbing you this fine afternoon . mother aw , you be not disturbing I , but it kind of look like rain , do not ya think ? wydell my name be Lt. wydell , I would like to ask you a few question . mother question ? well , heck , I will tell you anything you want to know . wydell I appreciate you cooperation . I be look for a miss girl ... ( hold up picture ) ... this girl here , denise Willis ... have you see she ? mother well , I ... mmmmm ... no , I be not see she , sorry . she begin to close the door . wydell stop she . wydell please , could I please come in and talk to you for a minute ? maybe you could take a better look at the picture ... might stir up something . mother I um ... no , I do not think so ... wydell please , just a minute . mother oh , alright ... I guess I can trust you ... be a man of the law and all . she open the door . wydell thank you . mother oh , you be very welcome ... Lord know how I love a man in uniform . she close the door . ext . farmhouse - same naish and Willis bust open the door to the smokehouse . hanging upside down inside be Mary . she hang from rope strapped to the ceiling . large hunk of meat hang around she in the cramped room . naish Jesus Christ . mr. willis call wydell . int . farmhouse - same wydell and mother sit opposite eachother at the kitchen table . picture of denise and she companion be spread on the table . wydell take note as mother talk . wydell think ... do any of this kid look familiar in any way ? mother no , I can not say that I ever see them before ... ( point to the photo of Bill ) ... he look familiar , be he on tv ? suddenly , naish 's voice come over wydell 's walkie-talkie . naish wydell . wydell Excuse I for a second . pull walkie-talkie from he belt to respond . wydell over . naish we find one . click . mother point the gun at wydell 's head and fire . he fall dead to the floor . ext . farmhouse - same naish hear the commotion over he walkie-talkie . naish ( into walkie- talkie ) wydell ! over ! wydell ! over ! no response . naish fuck , go to the car ... call for backup . tell them officer down . mr. willis right . Willis run to the car , he get about halfway there before he be hit in the back by a bullet . he stumble and fall to he knee . he kneel silent , stunne . we hold on he face and watch as he life pass before he . a quick montage , we see the follow image flash by : A. a father and daughter together in happier time . B. a child 's birthday party . c. a baby cry . D. Willis and he decease wife . otis fire another shot . Willis fall forward into the mud , dead . naish see Willis fall . before he can react a voice call out from behind he . otis hand up , bitch ! naish raise he hand . otis turn around , real slow ... piggy -pie . naish turn around . otis interlock you finger behind you head ... ( naish hesitates ) ... do it ! naish obey . otis kneel . naish kneel down . from a distance we see otis stand over naish , execution style . a white puff of smoke come from otis 's gun and a distant pop sound be hear . naish fall over on he side . the scene fade to blood red . ext . farmhouse - night the house stand silent in the darkness . lightn crash , a heavy rain fall . Burning jack-o'-lanterns beam from every window . smoke rise from the chimney . it be Halloween night . int . farmhouse - night close - up tv Dr. wolfenstein be on screen smash pumpkin with a giant hammer . dr . wolfenstein it be midnight my little boil and ghoul , the witching hour . time for all monster , murderer , maniac and mad to go to work ... so lock you door and bolt you window , sit back and prepare for a fright night classic ... ( lightning crash ) ... the House of frankenstein . the movie begin and we move off the tv to see : hundred of candle be light , illuminate everything with a flicker light . Music blare from a cheap stereo . black and orange paper streamer be drape from ceiling to floor . Dead center be a large object stand seven foot tall , it be completely cover in paper Halloween decoration . a long chain connect the object up into the rafter . this be the Halloween party from Hell . a intoxicate grampa , dress as flash gordon , sit in he wheelchair watch the tv , drink moonshine from a unmark bottle . grampa ( slur drunken yell at the screen ) get that motherfucker ... that high water bitch and rocketship daisy ... kill them , kill them . crash ! crash ! crash ! tiny stand in a corner tunelessly bang on a large oil drum . he be dress like a low budget batman , in grey long john and a black bat mask and cape . a drunk rufus , wear a bloody police uniform , stand on a table shout along to the music through a police megaphone . mother and baby , both dress as superheroe , dance around the cover object . both be swigging moonshine from jug . rufus jr. ( shouting through megaphone ) show I , show I , show I , show I ! mother and baby start tearing away the paper cover from the object in the middle of the room . they rip at the paper , spin and dance around in a wild pagan ritual . as the shred of color paper fall to the floor we see : denise , Jerry and Mary tie back to back hang from the chain , each be dress in a different animal costume . denise be a pig , Jerry be a donkey and Mary be a rabbit . they be gag . mother and baby laugh at they helpless victim , splash moonshine in they face . baby drink up , it 's party time . mother enjoy you last night ... ( look around ) ... where 's otis ? baby oh , he 's come , he get something real special this year . rufus jump down , begin to spin the bound captive around and around . rufus JR . otis , otis , otis , otis ! mother quiet , quiet , you know he will not come down with all this hoop - dee - doo bounce off the wall . now , calm down . grampa I shot a elephant in my pajamas this morning ... how he get in my pajamas I will never know . baby grampa , shhhhhhhh . grampa then we try to remove the tusk , but they be embed in so firmly that we could not budge them . mother ( gesture at grampa ) let he finish . grampa of course , in Alabama the tuscaloosa , but that 's entirely irrelephant . the room go silent . all eye be focus on the stair . a robe figure , otis , appear at the top of the stair , he begin to descend . rufus wait at the bottom of the stair . as otis reach the last step rufus hand he the megaphone . denise , Mary and Jerry struggle to watch as they in turn rotate past the scene unfold . otis ( through the megaphone ) I be the one who bring the Christmas candy ... now tell I ( pause and raise he arm ) ... who 's you daddy ? otis walk closer to the rotate captive . otis I be the one who bring the devil 's brandy ... ( wait ) mother who 's you daddy ! otis yes ! I be the one who beat you when you be bad ... baby who 's you daddy ! mother who 's you daddy ! otis stop the spin of he prisoner and stand directly before denise . he drop he robe , underneath he be wear a suit of skin sewn together from piece of denise 's father . denise stare in horror , tear stream down she cheek , barely able to comprehend the madness around she . otis move in close and lick she across the face . otis I be the one who love you when you be fuck dead ! everyone chant " who 's you daddy ? " otis ( imitate Willis ) now , I say my little darling ... ( rotate the chain to Mary ) maybe prancing around where you do not belong be not such a winner of a idea ... ( slap Mary across the face ) slowly turn the chain to face Jerry . otis and you , the great rusher of fool , what be you after ... ( slap Jerry ) huh , speak to I ... ( slap he again ) oh , that 's right , Dr. Satan ... everybody get to know about Dr. Satan , Jesus Christ , let the old dog rest for fuck sake , he 's already get one foot in the grave and the other 's tap dance around the edge ... ( get nose to nose with Jerry ) ... well , I can see the disappointment on you sad little puppy face ... so I be gonna do you a favor , a big , big favor . you owe I , boy . I be gonna let you meet the old bastard . grampa that 's a horse 's ass alright , I tell you . Jerry 's eye widen in fear . otis baby , roll that old love machine over here , so this boy can meet he hero . baby roll grampa over to Jerry . otis ( lift he skin mask ) you see it 's all true , the boogieman be real and you find he ... ( Jerry stare in shock ) ... why so sad ? be not this what you begge for ? there he be , the live legend himself , to da Dr. Satan . now , do not get shy on I ... ask you hero some question , do not blow this last in a lifetime opportunity . grampa Zarkoff , I will conquer the sea , the air , the earth ... the universe . mother move in close to Jerry . mother look at the way he light up ... grampa just love meeting he fan . otis grab Jerry 's cheek and make he face move like a ventriloquist dummy , provide Jerry 's voice . otis aw gee whiz , I be so excited ... I really think you be the coolest ... you be top on the playground , cooler than the fonzie . baby grab Mary and do the same ventriloquist routine . baby oh , oh pick I , pick I ... I have a question . baby rotate Mary around to where gramp be seat . baby ( squeezing Mary 's face , hard ) I be wonder Mr. Satan sir , do you like to kiss on the first date or be that consider slutty ? grampa what the fuck be you say ? who the hell be talk to I ? tiny , grow restless , begin bang on he metal drum . klang - klang - klang . rufus join in , clap he hand . mother come on , my baby be get restless . rufus JR . dump in the pit , dump in the pit , dump in the pit . mother , baby , grampa join in chant with rufus . otis alright , alright . cut them down , it 's time they get what they come here for . ext . field - night the rain pound down . a heavy fog hover over the dense growth of the field . in the distance , silhouett by moonlight , a gruesome caravan slowly move through the night . otis , lantern in hand , lead the way . follow by baby and mother together under a large black umbrella . next rufus hold the leash connect to Jerry , denise and Mary . bring up the rear , tiny , shotgun focus on the prisoner , and grampa . grampa be strapped to tiny 's back like a child . he wave a flashlight back and forth like a search beam . the group come to a halt at a huge wooden structure . otis ( hand baby the lantern ) hold this . Point it over here . baby direct the light at otis . we see that he be try to unlock a huge padlock attach to a iron door embed in the base of the wooden structure . otis unlock the door and swing it open . he reach down into the blackness and pull up a iron hook and wench , attach to the hook be a chain . otis part a section of the overgrown grass next to the pit to reveal a rusty metal crank . he begin to turn the crank . slowly , from out of the pit , rise a coffin hang from the end of the chain . otis pull the coffin over and lay it flat on the ground . he flip open the lid . otis hey happy -boy , step you ass up here . rufus cut loose Jerry , but hold he steady by the neck . baby take he gag out , it 's more fun with the scream . mother yeah , I like the scream too ... it 's so much more exciting . rufus cut loose the gag . jerry please do not kill we , please do not kill we . baby ( imitate Jerry ) please do not kill we , please do not kill we . otis bitch , shut you mouth and get you shit in the box . jerry let we go , please ... let the girl go . baby ( imitate Jerry ) let we go , please ... let the girl go . otis pull out a gun and point it at Jerry . otis get in ... now ! mother wait , I want to say good - bye . mother grab Jerry by the collar and give he a big kiss . mother bye sweety , we could of be great together . jerry please , let we go , we will not tell anybody . mother aw , honey you know I can not do that . baby we will not tell anybody . otis cock the pistol . Jerry start to slowly move towards the coffin . otis Christ , be not this fuck a hoot ... alright mamma , I be not get all fuck night . jerry please , please this be insane . you can not do this . rufus push Jerry into the coffin . otis it be and I can ... next . denise start kick and fight with rufus . rufus try to hold she steady , when suddenly Mary break free and start to run . otis ( laugh and raise he pistol ) where 's she think she 's a gonna get to ? she 's gonna run all the way home . baby no ! let I get she ... ( turn to mother ) ... ma , otis be have all the fun ... can I get she ? mother that 's true , otis ... not that we be have a bad time , but ... otis ( roll he eye ) well , go get she . baby jump with excitement and run off across the field after Mary . Mary trip and fall over a small gravestone . she get up and stumble back into a wooden cross . she tear the gag from she mouth and gasp for air . baby ( o.s. ) there once be a woman who live with she daughter in a cabbage garden . Mary turn toward the voice but see nothing but wooden cross . she be in a homemade cemetery . baby ( o.s. ) ... along come a rabbit and eat up all the cabbage . the woman say ... Mary turn 360 degree , but find nothing . baby ( o.s. ) ... " go into the garden and drive out the rabbit " ... thud ! Mary be hit from behind , she fall forward . baby jump on top of she and sit on she back . baby be hold a large hunt knife . baby " shoo ! shoo ! " say the maiden ... Mary scream in pain , as baby plunge the knife into she . baby stab Mary again and again and again . Mary let out a long gurgle scream , then go silent . baby ... " come maiden , " say the rabbit ... ( lean down ) ... sit on my tail and go with I to my rabbit hutch . baby , cover in blood , lick the knife clean . ext . pit - night otis shove denise into the coffin with Jerry and lock the lid shut . through a cross - shape open in the coffin we see they crush together . rufus lower the coffin into the pit . once the coffin be inside otis slam the door shut . otis open a small window in the door and lower in a lantern and a small tape recorder play music . int . pit - night enter Hell . the dim light of the lantern shine off the slimy wet filth of the rotted wood wall . the stench of death and decay hang heavy in the thin air . denise and Jerry , cold and shiver , hang half submerge in thick maggot infest sludge . bit of animal and human skeleton float in the muck , break bone lay in pile along the wall . int . coffin - night through the dim light , we see the tightly pack form of Jerry and denise . DENISE ( hysterical ) we have get get out of here , we get get out of here . jerry think , think . try to open the lid , try to kick a hole in the wood . DENISE ( cry ) I can not ... I can not move my arm . I hurt so much . jerry I know , but we can make it out of here . we can do it . boom ! a loud thump be hear against the side of the coffin . jerry that be good babe , just keep do that . boom , boom , boom . DENISE that 's not I . I do not ... I be not do that . jerry someone be out there ... ( shouting ) ...help , we be in here ! DENISE help , help we . suddenly , a arm break through the side of the coffin . another smashes through the top of the lid . the coffin begin to violently shake . denise scream . another reach through , grab she foot . smash ! the coffin be rip apart and Jerry be pull away from the destruction . he let out a quick scream before disappear into the darkness . DENISE Jerry ! Jerry ! Jerry ! int . farmhouse - livingroom - night the spastic light of tv static strobe across the sleep face of grampa . beside he , mother sleep peacefully . ext . barn - night the rain have stop . tiny open the door to the barn . he go inside . he exit a few moment later , drag a huge wooden stake . he set the stake down carefully and close the barn door . he then pick up the stake and drag it away . ext . backyard - night behind the farmhouse be a camouflage jungle , a intricate system of rope and netting be strung together to hide the many automobile beneath . rufus move through the jungle . he stop and begin to remove the netting from a car , it be wydell 's police cruiser . he climb inside the car , put on wydell 's policeman 's hat and start the engine . he drive off . int . police car - night rufus be drive like a maniac through the open farmland . he turn on the overhead flash light . ext . field - night the police cruiser twist and turn in the barren field . int . pit - night denise stand knee deep in the sludge . Broken bit of the coffin 's remain be scattered around she . DENISE Jerry please answer I . a soft moan sound be hear come from the other end of the pit . DENISE Jerry ... ( move slowly forward ) ... be that you ? denise cautiously make she way to the bend at the end of the tunnel . as she approach , the moan sound get louder . she turn the corner to see : two pale figure in filthy hospital gowns hunch over a shadowy object . denise gasp . they turn towards denise , revealing the partially devoure dead body of Jerry . the two bone- white ghoul be drip with Jerry 's blood , they stare at denise , then return to they prey . denise scream in horror and run , turn down another twist in the underground maze . she turn the corner and run straight into several slow moving ghoul . the ghoul be of the same deathly white complexion , hair -less with flake , crack skin . they yellow eye shine in the darkness . they reach for she , but she break free and continue to run into the endless stretch of tunnel before she . ext . graveyard - night primitive wooden cross form a circle around a burnt piece of land , approximately twenty foot in diameter . laying flat in the center be the large stake , Mary 's body be drape across it . tiny be secure she to the stake with rope . int . police car - night through the windshield , we see baby jump and dance in the field with several large dog . she be fire a gun as she dance . ext . field - night baby see the car and raise she gun . she aim it at the car driver . she wait , as the car get closer she see the face of rufus behind the wheel . she lower the gun and begin to laugh . the car stop and baby climb into the passenger 's seat . the car drive off . ext . graveyard - night tiny lift the stake with Mary firmly strapped in place . he implant it into the ground . her body hang like a doll . tiny open a gasoline can and begin splash gas onto the stake . ext . field - night otis , face paint like a skull and wear a priest 's robe , walk solemnly through the tall grass . int . pit - night denise , waist high in sludge , wander lose through the endless tunnel of the pit . in the distance she hear high pitch animal sound . a ghoul rise up from the sludge behind denise . it stand silent . it reach out a boney hand with long curl fingernails and grab she hair . denise scream and try to pull away . the ghoul grab she with he other hand and pull she closer , clawing at she face . denise fight she way free , but lose she foot and fall backwards , slip under the sludge . she quickly resurface and start to run . ext . graveyard - night otis stand in front of the bound Mary , hold a pumpkin . otis place the pumpkin over Mary 's head . tiny stand behind he hold a light torch . ext . field - night the police car drive wildly through the field . int . police car - night baby motion to rufus to steer the car towards the fire . int . pit - night a beat denise struggle down a long tunnel . she get to the end to find that it be a dead -end . behind she , five ghoul move silently towards she , block she only exit . the ghoul slosh through the muck , move in closer . denise frantically look for a escape , nail into the wall next to she be plank of wood form a ladder . the ghoul be only a few yard away . denise climb up the ladder . they move in , claw at she leg and foot , try to pull she down . denise dig at the wood and mud ceiling above she , try to break free . denise be bleed severely from the chunks of flesh be tear from she leg . she dig wildly at the ceiling , suddenly a board fall free and mud rain down to reveal : star , the sky above shine through the hole . denise smashes she fist at the rotted wood plank , pull free another piece . with all she might denise grab hold and pull herself up through the open . ext . pit - night denise fight she way through the earth and pull she body up into the night air . the cool air rush to she lung . she crawl free of the hole , gasp for air . she be safe . suddenly ... smash ! a ghoul have break through the surface . he grab denise by the leg and begin to pull she back into the hole . denise scream and begin kick violently at the ghoul . she break and crawl from the ghoul 's reach . ext . graveyard - night rufus and baby have pull the police cruiser up by the stake . rufus and baby stand on the hood . otis finish he sermon , he raise he arm . tiny raise the torch . otis drop he arm , signal tiny . tiny throw the torch onto the stake . the stake ignites into a huge fireball . ext . field - night denise pull herself to she foot and begin to run . the flame object burn in the distance behind she . denise stumble toward the road on two badly injure leg . ext . graveyard - night rufus , tiny and baby jump up and down in celebration , smash the police car . otis stand transfix by the flame before he . ext . road - night denise make she way out onto the road . no car be in sight . in the distance headlight break through the darkness . denise stand in the middle of the road . the truck come into view , it be a small cube truck . denise stand in the headlight , wave she arm for it to stop . the truck come to a halt . she run toward the passenger 's side door and climb in . int . truck - night behind the wheel of the truck be Captain spauld . denise be shaking from shock . DENISE go , go ! drive ... drive ! capt . spaulding hold on , girly , what 's the problem ? DENISE ( become hysterical ) murdering ... blood and Jerry ... ( start to cry uncontrollably ) ...monster ... I ... I ... I get away ... capt . spaulding well , I do not see what the fuck you be get at , but I get some friend that live just up this road . start to turn the truck up the road back towards the farmhouse . DENISE ( scream ) no ! no , that 's it ... that house be ... ( try to open the truck door ) ... I gotta get out , I gotta get out ! boom ! the metal door lead to the back of the truck slide open . ravelli grab denise and pull she back into the back of the truck . slam ! the metal door shut . ext . road - night the truck quietly turn onto the dirt road lead up to the farmhouse . the jack - o'- lantern still burn in the window , grin they evil grin . the end