" House on haunted Hill " , production draft , by Dick beebe House on haunted Hill by Dick beebe Story by Dick beebe & William malone adapted from the screenplay by robb White Blue revision : 13 Jan 1999 production draft : 2 December 1998 note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : black screen and in the darkness , a ticking sound be hear . Soft and steady -- soothing -- and then a bang ! smash up on : int . hospital - basement nurse's station - night a hand punch a card into the huge , tick time clock on the wall : 7:00 a.m . pull back to reveal - a bleary - eye male nurse beginning he day . alone inside a small wood and glass cubicle , he rip off yesterday 's day - at - a- time calendar page , revealing today 's date : October 11 , 1931 . go to the Victrola inside the cubicle . cranks the turntable up to speed . put the huge needle down on a spin 78 : we hear the song crackle through the empty hall of the hospital -- depression - era muzak : Horace heidt & his musical knight 's " keep you sunny side up " the nurse sharpen the last of a half - dozen pencil to needle - point , sit down at he desk , and begin the tedium of jotting entry into a tall stack of patient record . beat . and then he hear a soft , almost paw - like tapping on the glass . he look up : a patient with a heavily bandage head be stand there , he eye as dull and lifeless as marble . the nurse wave the patient away . go back to he work . beat . and then the tapping be hear again . the nurse snap he head up , about to bark at the man -- but the word stop dead on he tongue : stand on the other side of the glass be now two dozen patient . likewise bandage , stare silent and dead - eye at he . unnerve , the nurse 's finger slowly stretch towards a buzzer - button just below the desk - top . it never make it . because -- a hand - lash into frame and grab the nurse 's finger . the nurse look up . in addition to the mass of patient outside the cubicle , there be now six of they inside it , surround he . the nurse 's eye shoot to the still - lock door of the cubicle , and he utter one confuse word -- male nurse -- how -- ? -- and then someone ram all six of he needle - sharp pencil eraser - deep into he throat . the nurse gurgle and stagger -- fall back against the Victrola , hit the turntable crank as he go down , cause it to start spin like a pinwheel . " keep you sunny side up " now blare through the hall triple - time , sounding like a thousand manic chipmunk . and to the beat of that tune , the patient smash the control panel inside the cubicle until it short - out and explode ! which pop open int . patient cell - - and send dozen more wild , rave human rampaging through the hospital , while every electric light in the place strobe maniacally , and orderlies & other nurse be chase down like rabbit by patient and beat to pulp , and int . " therapy " room - - fill with device that look straight out of the Spanish inquisition be trash to toothpick , and some of the staff be force into device and torture as patient record be spindle and ignite -- flame torch use to set everything in the place ablaze , and a wolfpack of patient kamikaze down - int . corridor - continuous -- fling open a set of double door mark " cerebral hygiene , " shouting : " vannacutt ! " and we see -- int . cerebral hygiene room - continuous -- two people in surgical scrub : the moustach Doctor name vannacutt and a female nurse wield a 16 mm camera . as the two whip around , startle by the shout , we see the object of they ministration : a patient on a gurney be film as he internal organ be slowly and methodically extract -- while still alive . and then all hell break loose as the wolf pack descend : dr . vannacutt manage to yank down a lever on the wall label " lockdown " before he 's swallow by the mob ; from somewhere in the house , we hear heavy gear , cable and door loudly shutting down the house . the nurse be clubbed to the floor with she own camera . and amidst all the vengeful shout and wail , a curious thing happen : as one of the patient pick up the nurse 's blood - spatter camera and put it to he eye , the image on screen abruptly smashes to : int . cerebral hygiene room - continued - grainy black & white -- and dead silence -- and we find ourselves watch old soundless 16 mm footage of what happen next : a blur of scalpel and saw as the patient viciously vivisect vannacutt and nurse , who have be cramme together on that same gurney . the b&w camera push in tight on vannacutt 's scream maw -- and suddenly we hear SOUND again -- -- but , for some reason , it 's not a human cry , but the crowing of a rooster -- and when we pull back out we see that what we be now watch be the crow rooster and four blaze camera lense that be the logo of the old pathe newsreel . the stentorian voice of pathe boom over : voice of pathe October 11 , 1931 : Los Angeles ! dither , Bernard herrmann - like string swell up . CUT to ( b&w ) a pathe news headline card : " hospital of horror ! " CUT to ( b&w ) ext . the house - night - newsreel footage a whiplash pan from the ocean to a granite build high atop the Pacific palisade . smoke and flame shoot from every window and door as firemen look on helplessly . voice of pathe a conflagration of biblical proportion incinerate nearly everything and every one inside what be once tinsel town 's most celebrate psychiatric facility : the vannacutt neuropathic Institute . but the secret this inferno burn free be far more frlghten than any picture that Hollywood could ever produce ! CUT to ( b&w ) : ext . the house - morning - newsreel footage L.A. sheriff 's and coroner 's investigator poke through the Institute .... int . the house - various room - morning - newsreel footage quick cut of gruesome image : -- body manacle to wall ; row of skull riddled with drill -hole ; a huge vat fill with blood voice of pathe -- a sanitarium of slaughter supervise by a surgeon go mad -- CUT to ( b&w ) ecu -- a formal photograph of the man himself , mustache wax , eye intense as a mesmerist 's , seem to stare a hole right through we -- voice of pathe -- Richard Benjamin vannacutt -- and -- int . limbo set - -- suddenly , step right through vannacutt' face and strolling solemnly towards we in bright video - tape color be : christopher lee . he address the camera : christopher lee -- murder by he own patient before every one of they perish in the blaze . ironically , the only human to escape the conflagration -- -- behind he , we see silent newsreel footage of five people . ext . the house - morning ( chyron inert ) -- three orderlies , two nurse -- clothes and face sooty and singe , each cough up a storm as they be treat at the scene -- christopher lee -- be five of vannacutt 's equally sadistic staff , all of whom , until the day they die , insist that they be only follow " Doctor 's order . " back to scene the screen behind he go black . christopher lee but we story do not end there . for , some year later , the gut interior of the Institute be refurbish as a private residence . it have yet to be inhabit . many say because the spirit of the vile vannacutt and he victim still walk the long corridor inside this place now know , simply , as : " the House on haunted Hill . " a sudden smash of shrill , discordant horn scare we out of we skin -- and behind Mr. Lee , a image be see again : ext . the house - night ( to be shot as part of a later scene ) ... high atop a bluff , swaddle in shadow cast by a full moon that seem to have one of vannacutt 's eye pierce down on it . woman' voice ( o.s. ) charm . int . roll royce limousine - traveling - day camera pull back from a SMALL walnut shroud television set ... revealing a savagely beautiful young woman , evelyn stockard - price , sit like the queen of fuck - England in the back of she limousine . she 's be watch all this on the 12 " tv set inside the limousine , a look of perverse amusement on she face . on the tv : Mr. Lee smile for the camera . christopher lee I be Christopher lee. more of " terrify , but true " in just a moment -- evelyn no need , baby . she zap the tv dead with a button on the armrest . evelyn you just give I exactly what I need . she reach for the phone . ext . amusement park - day a beep cell phone be retrieve from a coat pocket , punch to life , and bring up to the lip of steven price - a 30ish bespectacle man . while not handsome in the classical sense , he still exude a incredible appeal -- the kind that come from incredible self - confidence , more money than God , and the most maniacal imagination in record history . price ( into phone ) price. ( listen ; sarcastic ) Evelyn , how nice ... ( beat , listen ) well , that be fascinating -- but I be gonna have to get back to you -- they be try to shoot I here . pull back to reveal - price buttone the phone dead as a news crew of two videotape he : a eng cameraman name benny and a 20 - something Katie couric wannabe with a microphone in price 's face -- kirsten savage . they be all stand amidst a sprawling landscape of futuristic- look building and ride : a spanking new theme park . we see the great steel arch that bear the place 's name : terror-incognita a New adventure from Steven price kirsten Business or pleasure , Mr. price ? price my wife . where be we ? kirsten you roller coaster that be , quote : " unlike any that have ever come before it . " price absolutely . no cheap thrill . a genuine journey to the brink of madness . he gesture grandly towards the huge and extremely tall expanse of steel girder and track in front of they . kirsten sorry , but it just look like a generic roller coaster to I . what 's the gimmick ? price beckon they to a elevator at the base of the ride . price ever see one that start at the top ? 20 storey worth of top ? kirsten and then what happen ? price ( smile ) I think it 's something better experience then describe . the Elevator door whoosh open . he bid they enter . price after you . int . elevator - continuous the door close and the elevator start up . through small port in the side they see the beam of the roller coaster 's superstructure drop down past they as the cabin rise . kirsten source have tell this reporter that the real reason you Park 's open have be delay be a near- fatal accident on one of the ride here . comment ? price I would not be open this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the behead beanie Babies have not test 100 % safe . -- he 's cut off by a loud groaning sound like metal under stress . benny what the hell be that ? price ( all confidence ) grow pain : new steel 's gotta bend and stretch a little before finally settling in . another groan . a yelp escape from kirsten 's mouth . price do not worry . in the fifteen year history of price amusement we have yet to lose a single customer . the groaning stop . but kirsten and benny remain nervous . kirsten first time for everything . price I have design and build six of this place -- take my word for it , everything 's fine . benny ( nervous ) how long ' till we be out of this thing ? price five , ten second , we be almost to the top -- -- the elevator lurch to a dead stop . kirsten and benny look at each other -- anxiety on overdrive . price try to reassure they , but he 's not look real relaxed anymore , either . price look : even if , God forbid , something ... unexpected ... should happen , there 's always the safety cable -- -- and now the cabin be rock : sharp and nasty spasm that be buffete they into each other -- benny -- that do what ? price keeps the cab from just -- -- he see something out the window -- price -- oh , shit -- a loud crack ! the cabin start drop -- fast . all three of they scream . out the window : we see the superstructure of the roller coaster fly by . the sound of cable screeching free of pulley . benny 's camera be wrench from he hand and bounce around the cabin . kirsten 's eye be craze with terror . kirsten do something ! price like what ?? this be not suppose to be happen !! the scenery outside the window be a blur . benny ohjesusohchrist ! the ground be come up to meet they ; the noise inside the cabin be deafen . benny start jump up and down ; kirsten be pound to the floor . price brace himself for impact . kirsten please ! something ! oh - God ! price maybe if I -- with all he strength , price throw himself across the cabin and stab a unmark button on the elevator control panel -- -- the cabin suddenly stabilize -- -- the elevator door open -- ext . amusement park - departure dock - day -- revealing the cabin to be just where it should be : high atop the roller coaster , right across from the dock where the car depart . they never fall so much as a inch -- all a illusion . the expression on price 's face have change to a wick grin . he look at the two terrify soul on the elevator floor : price from here on , it get really scary . a man in overall ( schecter ) stand on the dock , wave the News Crew towards a rear car . schecter room for two more . the front car be already full with people strapped in so tight they be immobile . time CUT to : int . amusement park - departure dock - day price still on the departure dock , punch up a number on he cell phone . in the b.g. we can see the car contain kirsten , benny and the other , zoom at incredible speed on 45 degree bank , upside - down loop - de- loop , the work . all with scream of sheer pleasure accompany . price ( into phone ) alright , princess : now what be you babbling ? he listen for a moment -- then he eye crimp shut with disgust . price ( into phone ) congratulation : on a scale of one - to - ten , you just hit a 73 on the perversity meter . I do not suppose for once we could just celebrate at some nice , quiet little restaurant -- schecter tap price on the shoulder . schecter Houston , I think we may have a problem . price ( into phone ) Evelyn , go stir you cauldron or something for a sec . price turn and watch in the distance as the coaster car take a scream hair pin turn . ext . roller coaster - moving - day kirsten and benny in the rear car , wild with delight -- -- until they see the front car derail , snap free from theirs , and go hurtle into mid-air . scream of panic hear from the people in that car as they plummet to they death . kirsten scream with horror , benny retch , as they car continue to zip along the track and out of we sight . ext . amusement park - departure dock - day price Problem where ? look good to I . schecter " dummy 6 " keep lose he arm . price so disengage he flail Arm mechanism and just make he a screamer . voice on phone ( evelyn ) Steven !! price ( back into phone ) here , dear -- with a suggestion -- int . roll royce limousine - traveling - simultaneous Evelyn be livid , as she listen to price on the phone : price ( v.o. ) -- forget it . last birthday the Manson family ranch , the year before that : jonestown . evelyn oh . you think this be a request . well , think again . I be tell you : " haunted Hill " be exactly where we be have my party this year . you will find the guest list on you desk by the time you get back -- int . price office - night close on a two - page document with the title " Guest list . " it 's be turn into spaghettini by a large document shredder . pan over to - Steven price type mile -a-minute on a computer , talk to himself as he input he own Guest list . price you want it , precious , you get it : the party of you very short goddamn life . a tentative door-knock hear o.s. behind he : woman' voice ( o.s. ) uh , Mr. price ? the dreamwork people be get a little ... antsy . price tell them I be right there . he mouse he cursor up to a box mark " send " , the list disappear , he hard drive start chugge , and he get up from he chair and exit . camera remain on the work screen . beat . and then a shadow flash across the screen for a moment . another beat . and the sound of click computer key be hear . a " message box " appear on screen : be you sure you want to delete guestlist.doc ? the cursor click on yes . zap ! a blank screen . and then the key start click again , and we see a new Guest list be type in . start with the name : Ms. Jennifer jenzen executive vice - President of Marketing paragon picture match CUT to : ext . film set - day ( we need to re- work this scene for location ) the name " Ms. Jennifer jenzen " etched in gold - leaf cursive on the top of a small chrome and onyx -inlaid cube . woman' voice ( o.s. ) gorgeous . pull back - and we see ms . jenzen -- a rodent -ey , thin lipped 30 - something exec who only need " scream bitch " stamp on she forehead to complete the picture . she 's sit stare at the cube , the elegant paper it come in tear to shred on she desk . jenzen so what the fuck be it ? she 's address she " assistant , " a lovely , but harry - look young woman of 19 , SARA wolfe . SARA I do not know , Ms. jenzen . jenzen well , who 's the damn thing from ? SARA ( shrug ) Messenger just drop it off . no return address . jenzen you do not think to ask ? SARA I be in the middle of -- jenzen -- be utterly fuck useless , what else be new . Sara 's face flush with anger , but she keep she cool . SARA there 's something there on the side -- she 's point to a small , silver crank jutting out of one of the cube 's side . a legend be etched beneath it : rotate once to operate jenzen I be aware of that . well , she be now , anyway . she twist the crank and a tinkling music box - like tune begin to play : Lennon / McCartney 's " birthday , " but in 3 / 4 time , like some schizoid viennese waltz . jenzen it 's not my goddamn birth -- -- and she stop herself in mid-word as , suddenly : the top of the cube pop open like a jack - in- the-box ! and , slowly , like it 's on some mini-hydraulic lift , another cube , identical to this one , start to inch up into view -- -- which have its own tiny silver crank in its side . but etched beneath this one be a warning : do not rotate under any circumstance ! without a nanosecond 's hesitation , jenzen reach out she hand -- SARA -- I would not -- -- and turn the smaller crank . beat . nothing happen . jenzen -- no kid : that 's why you be make ten buck a hour and I be -- -- and bang ! a skeletal arm come flashing out from the smaller cube and slashes her finger with a razor ! jenzen Jesus !! -- it 's no more than a paper cut , but it 's bleed and it hurt -- and then they both see write on the tiny razor : learn to follow instruction ! Sara can not help herself -- let loose a little snort of laughter . jenzen go ballistic , smashes the lid shut on the cube . jenzen you think this be fuck funny ?? SARA no , no , it 's just -- jenzen -- well , here 's a better one : you be fire . SARA what ? jenzen and here 's you goddamn severance ! she slam the cube hard into Sara 's hand . CUT to : int . sara' cubicle - just after ( we need to re- work this scene for location ) the cube sit in a wastebasket next to the desk that Sara 's angrily clean out . she 's slam she entire blotter into the trash -- which hit the cube 's crank and start the music play again . Sara , startle , look over -- and see : a ornate ivory - colored card - begin to ascend from the cube . it start with the word : now try and follow this : and then all we see be Sara 's wide , grow - wider , eye as she read the rest . SARA ...wow .... wow ! hey , Ms. jenzen -- ? jenzen ( o.s. ) be you still fuck here ?? Sara start to flush with anger again -- and then stop , a small smile come to she lip as she continue to stare at the card . SARA on my way out . thanks for the valuable parting gift . she snatch the ivory card and stuff it in she purse . smash to : int . hearse # 1 - moving - night where Sara wolfe sit , deck out in near- dead -ringer clothes and hair - do as we last see on Jennifer jenzen : black silk suit , stiletco heel and a up-sweep -- hold that same ivory - color card in she hand : Steven K. price command you to attend a very unique birthday celebration for Mrs. Evelyn stockard - price and then the camera whiplash crane back from Sara and the vehicle in which she 's sit , to reveal the grand vista of : ext . winding road - night which snake crazily up the Pacific palisade , the crash wave of the ocean see in the background . we see that the vehicle Sara be riding in be the lead car of a motorcade comprise of four ' 50 's vintage hearse . man' voice ( o.s. ) the man 's insane . and we whip back towards the source of this voice : int . hearse # 2 - moving - night where we see this man 's well - tan hand hold the same ivory card , which continue : terror , humiliation , perhaps even murder will be the entertainment woman' voice ( o.s. ) do not get much better than that . int . hearse # 3 - moving - night where we see the well - manicure hand of this woman , she leave hold a 8 mm camcorder ; she right , the same card : with one million dollar paid to that that survive the entire night young man' voice ( o.s. ) terrific : what 's the catch ? int . hearse # 4 - moving - night where we see hand of a man barely out of he teens , he muscular right hand hold that same card as well : Inside the wall of the house on haunted hill suddenly the screech of brake be hear -- hearse # 4 jolt to a halt . the invitation fly from the Young man 's hand and to the floor , the rest of its text unread . ext . " the house " - night we see the reason for the sudden stop of the cortege . a ancient chrysler k car be park clear across the road , barring the entrance to the gate of a razor - wire security fence that encircle the premise . beat . and then a short , slight man step out of the vehicle . in the glare of the hearses ' headlight he feature look cadaverous . between that and the fact he 's jittering like a hummingbird on speed , he make a pretty unsettle presence . the man walk slowly towards the hearse , beckone the rider out . man ( pritchett ) this be the end ... by car anyway . what with the ' 94 quake and El nino , the driveway 's be pretty much destroy . ' shame . have to hoof it from here . the well - tan man from hearse # 2 step out : dr . donald W. blackburn -- he could be anywhere from 19 to 90 . the only thing that 's clear be all the cosmetic surgery he 's have make he look like George Hamilton , circa 1962 . he ask the obvious : blackburn if you do not mind I ask ... who be you ? pritchett name 's pritchett . Watson pritchett . I own the house , my father build it . and now I just need to get you into it . so ... the camcorder woman step out of hearse # 3 : a Jenny Jones - clone name melissa marr , 27 . melissa where 's Steven price and he huge , throbbing checkbook ? pritchett not with you , be he ? well , I be sure he will turn up any second now ... if you will just come along ... the muscular Young man from hearse # 4 step out : a good - look specimen name eddie mose , 23 . eddie I wanna know first : to what do I owe this honor ? I mean , I never even hear of this guy . pritchett I be just the greeter -- and in that capacity , I now urge you all strongly to -- and then sara-as - jenzen regally alight from hearse # 1 . SARA but the million buck each , that 's for real ? pritchett ( a force chuckle ) it better be -- he still owe I $ 25 grand for rent the place for the night ! here , let 's get you some illumination so you can make you way safely ! he grab a flashlight from he car and shove it in Sara 's hand . pritchett just point and walk , sis -- the place be right up -- -- and as if on cue , a battery of magnesium flood suddenly light up the night like high noon , revealing the House in all its glory . pritchett ( startle ) ... there . sitting high atop a bluff over the Pacific , a sprawling grey-stone structure . one-third eame , to one - third wright , to one - third bauhaus . it might look innocuous in the daylight , but right now it look like Albert speer 's playhouse . and underscore the creepy ambience be music now blaring from speaker perch atop the gate : Marilyn Manson 's screeching goth-metal cover of " sweet dream ( be make of this ) " . blackburn Nice touch , pritchett : subtle . eddie as a tumor . pritchett wish I could take the credit , but -- SARA -- guess we know where Mr. price be now . pritchett he must have beat we all here ! eddie ' less the place really be haunt . pritchett nonsense ! just bad press . all the death that occur inside -- my own father 's include -- all perfectly normal fatal accident . melissa you better be wrong . I do not come all this way for " normal . " she start make she way up the disaster of a driveway . Dr. blackburn and Sara look at each other and shrug . they start likewise walk towards the house . the only one leave be Eddie . he stare at the little man . eddie you be totally full of shit , be not you ? pritchett ( brightly ) you will never know ' till you walk through that door ! Eddie dismiss he with a flap of he hand and sprint to catch up with the other . pritchett yell after he : pritchett you would not consider get my check and run it back down here ? no response . beat . pritchett get out of he car . pritchett do not think so . asshole . he start jittering he way up the drive . int . grand foyer - soon after cold . flinty . two storey high and dome , with a stain glass skylight topping it . despite they varied state of confusion , the four guest stop in they track as they enter , strike dumb with awe . eddie ... Jesus H. Christ . melissa so where 's the party ? SARA look like we be it . blackburn more to the point . where 's we host ? melissa more to the point : what in the name of fuck be that ? she 's point up at the stain glass skylight . it seem to depict a man with dozen of hideous creature hover round he head . and above they all loom a huge something with wing and flame claw . blackburn more of price 's spook -house bullshit . pritchett ( o.s. ) not at all ! they turn to see pritchett 's head poke through the doorway -- put as little of himself as possible inside the house proper . pritchett part of the original structure . when it be still a asylum . guy who run the place -- Dr. vannacutt -- find it " inspirational . " from some german cathedral a million year ago : " driving the demon from the mind . " blackburn I be move beyond word . melissa the hint of still weirder shit to come , I can only hope . she whip the camcorder to she eye and start recording every detail of the skylight . Dr. blackburn roll he eye . pritchett start call loudly : pritchett Mr. price ? Mrs. price ? somebody ? hello ?? blackburn pritchett , take it down a couple hundred decibel , what be you problem ? pritchett Problem ? no problem -- just want to get my money and get on home -- you know , thing to see , people to do ? he laugh weakly ; start shouting again : pritchett Mr. price ?? Mrs. price ?? Melissa marr continue to shoot up a storm of tape in the room , as overexcite as a five - year - old who 's lose she ritalin . melissa I know this whole place would be pure gold ! pritchett , point I in the direction of the goddamn ghost ! if I can get something bizarre enough on tape , I think I can parlay it into get I some kind 'a Robert stack " unsolved most - wacked - out Home video " gig . no more five afternoon a week of sex - change - nazis-and - the-lesbos - that - love - them . eddie you have get you own tv show ? melissa the guy whose hair I do have he own tv show . all I have get be a blow - dryer and a dream . Sara 's stare at something that 's make she more nervous by the second : SARA uh , excuse I -- but do anybody know any logical reason why that little demon would be move ? she 's point to the skylight . melissa where ? she whip she camera up at the stain glass . Zoom in . tense beat . and then lower the camera , sighing in disappointment : melissa ... bird . just seagull or something walk on the glass , goddammit . eddie cheer up : before the night 's through , I be sure one of we will get hack to piece by somebody or something . voice ( o.s. ) I may start right now . all head turn again -- stand in the open front doorway , dress absolutely to kill be a not-terribly - pleased - look evelyn stockard -price . evelyn who the fuck be all of you ?? -- and right on that beat : the huge dome of stained glass above they all explode ! all head whip up -- as time seem to stand still -- and it begin raining colored shard in the foyer . melissa oh...my ... God .... in slow motion -- we see the rest of the guest instinctively start to duck and cover against the deluge -- all except evelyn who 's stare up at the descend projectile with a profound look of annoyance on she face . eddie - notice that a huge demon - head glass shard be hurtle , razor-point -down , for Evelyn 's head ! with a athlete 's reflex , he hurl he body at hers -- eddie -- Jesus , lady ! -- -- tackle she to the floor , the giant shard miss she skull by literally a hair . it plunge six inch deep into the parquet , thwang like a arrow into a target . beat of absolute sheer stunned silence . and then : melissa wow . everyone else stare at Evelyn , who 's not move . SARA be she ... alright ? eddie I think she be dead . for sure . evelyn not even fuck close . ( seethe ; to Eddie ) get...off...of ...me. it 's like be spit at by a cobra ; Eddie do not have to be tell twice . leap off she , and Evelyn slowly , angrily get to she foot , a trickle of blood come down she cheek from a small cut there . a voice be hear from somewhere o.s . voice ( o.s. ) not dead now , but soon . all eye look up to see : steven price perch on the balcony rail above they in formal wear , leg cross , cigar in hand , blow out smoke through highly bemuse lip . price she 's be mark for it . the House do that . happen to pritchett 's father . likely happen to you all . be not that what you tell I , Mr. pritchett ? pritchett ( look away ) I can not remember at the moment . blackburn apply he handkerchief to Evelyn 's bleed cheek . she recoil : evelyn do not touch I ! price I be impressed : I do not think Evelyn 's ever say that word to anything with genital . evelyn I be not laugh , Steven . price you should not be -- you be nearly just kill , sweetheart . ( to the guest ) and now that we birthday girl be finally here , let the game begin ! evelyn have not they already ? price just smile . price sure be a funky old house , be not it ? she glare back at he , steaming . evelyn could we have a word ? price oh , I think we be go to have several . Evelyn do not have to be invite , she 's already stomping halfway up the stair . price smile down at the guest : price this will just take a moment -- you will find food and booze in the main salon , knock yourselves out . Evelyn grab he hard by the arm and yank he back into the shadow ; they disappear from sight . the guest just stand there . eddie so , what ? the thing with the glass ? price do that ? melissa I hope not . SARA of course he do , for God 's sake . ( beat ) do not he , Mr. pritchett ? pritchett I can not comment until I get pay . blackburn I be surround by idiot . blackburn walk off into the Main salon near the foyer . the other shrug and follow he , except for pritchett , who shout upstairs : pritchett Mr. price ??? no response from anyone . pritchett 's eye jitterbug all around he -- he see he 's stand there alone . as nonchalantly as he can , he quick -- step towards the salon and the other -- pass right by a barely perceptible black dot in the wall , no larger than a dime -- traveling through wall -- and we push in on this dot , until we be inside it , on the other side of the wall and see that 's it 's connect to a coaxial cable , which we follow past ancient , decaye beam and mortar , past vermin -- rodent and insect , both -- that skitter maniacally right in we face -- and then right into the innard of the multi-wire cable itself -- emerge out near ... a video monitor -- that 's atop a table with several other monitor and a literal circuit City 's worth of electronic and computer equipment , all of it inside a -- int . SMALL grimy room -- in which sit Steven price 's engineer schecter , in he coverall , eat a sandwich , as he man haunted House Central Control . he hit a combination of key on the computer . on one of the monitor we see a door somewhere inside the House rapidly open- and - shut , open-and -shut . nod with satisfaction , then yelp ! as he spot a millipede wriggle out of he tuna salad , straight into he mouth . schecter Jesus ! he flick the insect away , nearly gag . it land on another video monitor that be train on a room on the upper floor of the place . some space that look like it be go to be a bedroom , once upon a time : a lot of strange , ultra - modern furniture : all of it metal and of bizarre angle and shape . and then into that room storm Evelyn and price . push in on that video screen and suddenly we be there : int . evelyn' bedroom - continuous as Evelyn slam the door behind she . evelyn I give you a goddamn guest list two page long -- where the hell be they ? price shredd . sorry . decide to whip up one of my own : a group so hungry for money that they would be willing to do anything . I think you would be more comfortable with you peer . evelyn I guess it be stupid of I not to expect something this twisted from you . well , congratu-fucking - lation , Steven : round one , you win . price well , not quite . see , that people down there : they be not the one I invite . evelyn then who be they ? price you tell I . I do not know how you manage to hack into my Mac , but : bravo . evelyn what be you talk about ? you think I invite they ? price sure know it be not I . and if you say it be not you -- then who the hell do , Evelyn ? evelyn it you really love I , Steven , you would find a way to drop dead in the next three second . price find way for I to die at this thing be really you deal , be not it ? the " O.J. " knife with the not-quite - retractable blade ? you " Jim Jones Kool - Aid " that be exactly that ? evelyn all accident until prove otherwise . he go to she and begin brush she hair with he finger . price you know how happy I would be if that be really true , Evelyn ? and how positively goddamn delirious if you be not fuck every live thing in we area code at the same goddamn time ! evelyn which part of that fantasy turn you on most : I with other man -- or just the other man ? price you know everything you do get I hot . his grip on she hair suddenly tighten and twist . price -- just not always in the sexual sense . evelyn you be hurt I . price I know . she jab he hand with a plasma-re , Dragon Lady -length thumbnail . he let she go and suck on a knuckle -- she 's draw blood . price now , there 's the simple country gal I marry . let 's go back down and greet you guest -- show they the real you : corny as Kansas on the fourth of July . evelyn my guest be shred . it 's you sick little scene now , Steven : enjoy . I be go to go run scalding water on the place you just touch I , and then I be call a cab . she storm into the bathroom adjoin and slam that door . CUT to : int . MAIN salon - just after just off the foyer . the furniture , though dust - cake and rotting be antique Deco and sumptuous . liquor and a lavish buffet have be set out on a sideboard that look like one of dali 's limp pocket - watch . as price enter the room grimly , he 's descend upon by a angry pritchett : pritchett Mr. price : I have do everything we agree on , you guest be all here and in one piece -- my 25 thousand now , please . price produce a envelope froa he jacket and tap it . price right here , Mr. pritchett . as well as five other bona fide , bank draft for one million dollar each . make out to cash . eddie and we get this money when ? price the second the sun hit tomorrow morning . assume you have stay the entire night - and you be still alive , of course . any other question ? SARA yeah . why 's there five check ? there 's only four of we . price you be forget my lovely wife ; she 's part of the same winner - take - all as the rest of you . SARA what be you talk about ? price oh , sorry . detail I guess I forget to mention . you die , you lose . you check get divvie - up by that still amongst the live . blackburn what be you play here , price ? price a very , very scary game . but then look at the bright side : if there 's only one of you still upright at dawn , you will be leave here with five million dollar in you pocket . eddie this be nut . price yeah . but , hey , anybody who 's not " comfortable " with the rule , you be free to walk , anytime . Seven digit poorer , go without say . pritchett I be ready now . price alright , Mr. pritchett , let I just sign the damn thing . price sit at a rusting octagonal wire - and -steel desk , knife open he envelope , and produce a pen . pritchett two " T "s at the end of the name . price look up , put the pen down . price just for the record : what be the rest of you name ? blackburn Donald W. blackburn , M.D. melissa Melissa Margaret marr , celebrity . eddie Eddie mose , Communications attache -- which translate from ancient bullshit mean : I work for a Messenger service . beat . all eye have now turn to Sara , who 's just stand there nervously . price and you , young lady ? she blurt out the lie as one word : SARA jennifer-jenzen-executive-v.p.- paragon-picture . price very good . well , I think I can say with complete honesty : I have never hear of any of you . eddie then what the hell be we do here ? melissa how would you make you guest list , price : throw dart at a phone book ? price you be not my list . blackburn I get a engrave -- literally -- invitation -- with my name -- price -- I be sure you do . SARA this be all maybe get a little too strange -- price -- I would not worry , Ms. jenzen : the unexplainable will probably explain herself before too long . in the meantime , let 's all relax , have a drink , the evening 's young -- pritchett -- it 's get older by the second . Mr. price , if I could just please have -- price sorry , pritchett , here you go . he sign the check and hand it to pritchett who spin on he heel and start quickly for the foyer . price I think you be gonna miss the bash of a lifetime -- pritchett -- my loss -- price -- even if I give you a million as well ? pritchett would not know what to do with it all -- -- and then , suddenly , we hear the distant sound of heavy machine at work . pritchett freeze for a moment . pritchett oh , no . SARA what 's go on ? CUT to : int . gear room - heavy rusted gear somewhere in the house , crunching as they begin to turn . CUT to : int . grand foyer - where pritchett be sprinting like a madman to the exit . pritchett please -- god-in - Heaven , no -- CUT to : int . MAIN salon the noise inside the room , inside the entire house , be deafen . price sense something : price the window -- pritchett make the long run across the huge room towards : CUT to : int . gear room the ancient lever snap down like punch . CUT to : int . MAIN salon bam ! the window be seal off by heavy iron plate slamm into place . CUT to : int . grand foyer bam ! the front door be likewise seal by a descend iron plate -- nearly decapitate pritchett . pritchett you can not do this to I ! int . various location ( note : tba ) bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! every window , door , and portal of any kind in the house likewise be slam - seal shut . CUT to : int . MAIN salon -- where everybody stand silent , breathless , and not a little afraid , as the sound of slamming iron be hear echoing everywhere in the distance . CUT to : int . grand foyer pritchett make a literal last dive for the one window in the foyer that be still partially unseal , its iron plate close fast -- pritchett -- noooooooo !!! -- -- bam ! the ancient lever smash down all the way to the concrete floor : mission complete . CUT to : int . MAIN salon that final bam ! resounding in the Main salon . and then silence . melissa now that be enter-fuck - tainment ! Eddie mose try to yank up one of the plate -- all he get for he effort be two handfuls of rust . eddie this thing 's go nowhere . blackburn if this be someone 's idea of a joke -- -- a agonize scream in response ; it 's come from the foyer -- price -- pritchett 's not laugh . CUT to : int . grand foyer price & guest enter and greet by the sight of : Watson pritchett - Hair wild , clothes tear , scream as he try to pry the cast-iron plate off the foyer window with he bare hand -- pritchett -- no ! no ! no ! no ! no ! -- -- he 's rip he fingernails off , blood coursing down he arm . price run to he , yank he from the window and to the floor . price pritchett !! pritchett stop scream , look up at price in utter terror . price blackburn ! his hand , do something ! blackburn race over , take one look . yell to Sara : blackburn bottle of vodka on the sideboard : get it ! she race into the other room . blackburn take he handkerchief and put it on pritchett 's wound . pritchett do not so much as whimper , keep stare at price . in a daze : price pritchett , what the hell just happen here ? pritchett look up at he , eye not quite focus . pritchett lockdown . Sara dash back in with the bottle of vodka . SARA what do that mean ? blackburn take the liquor and begin clean / disinfect pritchett 's wound . pritchett a mechanism . from the old asylum . for Emergencies . seal the whole place shut . top to bottom . that 's how come they all burn to death in ' 31 . Dr. vannacutt throw the switch . if he be gonna die , they all be gonna die , and so they be toast . melissa no wonder they be still piss off . pritchett the only one who survive be five of vannacutt 's staff butcher . blackburn why in God 's name be not this thing remove year ago ?? pritchett it be on my dad 's list of " thing to do . " but the House do he first . eddie you say that be a accident . pritchett I lie . the House be alive and we be all gonna die . blackburn oh , for chrissake -- SARA -- uh , excuse I , just one quick question ? how long before this damn thing unseal itself ? pritchett do not know that it do . SARA well , then , how ' bout maybe we call someone ? pritchett have not be a telephone in this House in over 60 year . blackburn , price and Melissa marr all chime in unintentional unison : blackburn / price /melissa I have get my cellular . SARA well , flip a coin and somebody dial 911 ! pritchett wo not do any good . SARA why not ? and then , simultaneously , we hear the same beep - beep - beep from the three cellular phone and see the same flash message on they LED screen : " no service - no service - no service . " price must be that plate -- interfere with the signal somehow . pritchett not the plate : the House . why be no one listen to I ?? it 's alive ! and once it 's make up its mind , it will not let anything out . eddie so , what ? you be say we be stick here the rest of we life ? pritchett a clean crew 's suppose to arrive at 9:30 tomorrow morning -- I think the power of the house fade at dawn . eddie -- well , let 's hear it for small miracle -- pritchett -- but I imagine we will all be mutilate beyond recognition by then . melissa Goodbye , bad time -- hello , Prime time ! she start shoot tape again -- everything and everybody . SARA there be something seriously screw - up go on here , and I do not believe it 's about ghost -- woman' voice ( o.s. ) -- oh , it sure be not , sweetheart . head turn : walk slow , smug and regal down the great staircase into the foyer be evelyn stockard - price , she coat discard , she neckline loosen -- she realize she 's here for the night . evelyn take a bow , Steven , you have outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even I . blackburn if that 's the fact , price , okay , you have have you fun -- now open the goddamn -- price -- ask the wrong guy -- be not I who close it . evelyn sure it be not . hey , anybody else here make they live with thrill and ' chill for the kiddie ? do not raise you hand all at once . price huh . and here I have a completely different theory . evelyn really ? well , let it rip . price oh , no - no - no -- much more bang for everyone 's buck to nail the bitch -- evelyn -- the sadistic prick -- price -- in the act . SARA uh , excuse I ? do not think I be not have the time of my life watch this train wreck that 's you marriage -- but this be not what I have in mind ... I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to . pritchett believe I , we need to . SARA pritchett , this " lockdown " thing -- it 's gotta have like a master control -- you know machinery , gear , whatever -- somewhere in this place ? pritchett the basement -- but , believe I , you do not want to go down there . SARA no , you do not want to go down there . I be go down there . and I be go to find reverse on this thing and floor it . pritchett you will never find it , it 's a maze down there . SARA well , that leave you with two option then , do not it : either show I where and maybe we get out of here -- or it 's spend - the-night -sleep -tight . pritchett leap to he foot . pritchett it 's actually very easy when you know the way . evelyn a word of advice , honey ? God know what kind of freak -out Steven 's get set to spring in this place . if I be you , I would bring something to protect yourself with . baby , do not you think now 's the time to I break out you " party favor ? " price suddenly look uneasy . price what be you talk about ? evelyn must be get old , stevie -- you be repeat yourself -- this be the exact same set - up you use for the son-of - Sam hunt back in ' 94 . ( to Sara ) girlie , open up that casket there and see what you find . Sara glare at she , but do as she 's tell : go to the large ebony casket that support Evelyn 's birthday cake . Sara look back at Evelyn suspiciously ... then set the cake aside and lift the lid . Inside that , seemingly free float in space , be six mini - coffins -- no more than eight inch long , they door likewise propped open , revealing inside each a gleam new glock 9 mm automatic . each pistol black gunmetal in color , of course . evelyn ooooh , nice : firearm this time . melissa the warpe factor here just get bigger and bigger . evelyn Steven 's sense of humor just make you want to bust a gut , do not it ? SARA I be in stitches . Sara take one of the gun and attempt to eject the magazine . nothing happen . she look : SARA the clip 's be weld shut . evelyn on all of they , probably . Evelyn take one of the pistol and point it at she husband . evelyn so how 's a girl to know if this thing be load , baby ? price only one way I can think of , sweetheart . tense beat , ala eastwood and hackman stare each other down at the end of " unforgiven . " then Evelyn lower the gun . evelyn no . I think we will let the young lady have first crack . SARA I do not want a gun , I just want out . let 's go , for God 's sake . price I will meet you down there . eddie ( to Sara ) take the gun . Sara take the pistol from Evelyn , and pritchett unenthusiastically beckon Eddie and Sara towards a hallway lead to the basement . price trot towards another door off the salon . evelyn and where be we off to , Mr. price ? check the wiring on the animatronic mummy ? price a simple leak , if it 's okay with you . and he disappear down the hall . Melissa marr jam a cigarette in she mouth . melissa wow ... she flick she lighter , sparking a flame to life -- smash to : int . basement stairway - just after -- a flurry of crackle SPARKS shower Watson pritchett as he twist the ' 20' vintage knob light switch . he leap back with a frighten yelp . we see a brief burst of light from the ancient sconce on the wall , revealing a series of moldy , cobwebbed and rubble - strewn basement gallery , and a series of five glass case fill with the mummify remain of human body ... one very odd human figure ride upon a mummify horse . int . basement gallery a odd multi-walled gallery from which five corridor lead out , extend like the spoke of a wagon wheel -- -- and then every light down there short out with one loud sizzling pop ! total darkness . beat . pritchett voice y'know , this would actually be funny -- if I do not know for a fact I would be plead for a quick , painless death in the next few second . sara' voice could somebody please just gag he or something ? Sara reach into she bag and pull out the flashlight pritchett give she earlier . eddie you be a handy little thing to have around . suddenly , a terrible crack sound be hear above Sara 's head . she aim she light at the large beam overhead . just then , the beam give way . Eddie pull she away just in time . SARA and you be not really as large and useless as you seem . eddie I be better than that . SARA do not push it . she thrust the flashlight into pritchett 's hand . SARA now take we where this damn thing 's at . int . SMALL grimy room - simultaneous price burst through a hinge panel and whisper-shouts to schechter behind the computer / video console . price -- hey ! next time give I a couple second notice before you wing a gag like that ! schecter the lockdown thing . price I mean , not that it do not give Evelyn the kind of coronary I have in mind , just ... schecter -- it be not I . price Rewind that . schecter I be just sit here -- it happen . I have nothing to do with it . price then who do ?? schecter no idea . I do not even know the damn thing still work ! price it work . schecter maybe it be just its time to finally fall apart . price no. somehow -- I do not know how -- she do it . schecter pretty amazing feat : all that shit down the basement and you wife 's up in the bedroom the whole time . price do not take you eye off she for a second . I think she just declare War . int . MAIN salon - simultaneous Evelyn , a huge drink in she hand , hold forth to a not terribly interested Dr. blackburn . Melissa marr 's oblivious , camcorder to she eye , slowly dolly herself out of the room . evelyn we would have be splitsville year ago , with I the richest single woman in record history -- but Steven do not " believe " in divorce . blackburn not too big on it myself -- but then again , not on marriage either . evelyn oh , he 's get no problem with that : I be he fourth . blackburn I be confuse . evelyn no need for divorce and that messy division - of - asset thing when they kick before you do . melissa all three of he previous wife just up and die ? evelyn damnedest thing : each one , freaky little " accident " -- int . basement corridor - simultaneous Sara , Eddie and pritchett continue search . SARA you should really open this place to the public , pritchett -- a spa for people without enough stress in they life . pritchett I say we should not come down here . very treacherous -- physical and metaphysical level , both . there have be no refurbishment to this part of the house -- it 's exactly as it be in 1931 . voice ( o.s. ) be that a fact , Mr. pritchett ? they all whip around -- spook to the max . pritchett shakily train the flashlight on who or what 's behind they : price . price sorry . SARA good way to get you head blow off . price I will try not to remember to warn Evelyn . they soon pass a break wall . rubble and debris litter the floor . pritchett move they quickly past the spot . this do not go unnotice . eddie what 's in there ? pritchett ( too quickly ) nothing . Sara take the flashlight from pritchett 's hand and aim it , into the dark hole beyond . angle on the door the light glint on a huge steel door . a grime - cover window be set at eye-level . a black mold corrode away the edge . SARA nothing ? that seem like quite a door to hold back " nothing " . pritchett just stare at the door for a uncomfortably long moment ... eddie what be it ? what 's in there ? pritchett ( finally ) the soul of the House . everything that 's corrupt about it ... my father trap it in there just before he die . you see , he purchase the house to restore it ... we be go to live here ... nothing can live here . I be just a kid ... the first time I see it , I think it be beautiful ... it be just a dark mist turn into the corner of the room ... then it start to move ... then death start to happen ... first the worker .. six in all ... then my father ... SARA ghost kill you father ? pritchett not ghost ... at least not what you be think ... vannacutt use to dump the body of he fail experiment somewhere in the house ... SARA and you think it 's in there ? pritchett accumulate evil ... fester for decade ... ( switch gear ) but I be a drunk ... so do not listen to I . eddie so you be say as long as that door stay lock , we be okay ? pritchett Hell no !! the House will kill ya ! pritchett 's oblivious : he 's shine he light back down the corridor -- at its terminus it split into four new corridor . pritchett I think we go down there and take a right . the trio follow pritchett . we remain stare at the steel door . almost imperceptibly -- or be it the darkness play trick on we ? one of the streak of mold seem to have grow longer . CUT to : int . corridor - continuous pritchett lead the three other down a new corridor , clearly clueless as to where the hell they be . shine the flashlight up to find they be in -- int . electro -shock room a small room contain a large leather table with a myriad of mildew buckle -strap attach . behind the table : a monolithic brass and wood dynamo that look powerful enough to keep Orange County light for a year . pritchett electro-shock therapy . there 's several of they hook together ... Dr. vannacutt like to zap he patient in multiple of ten . more enerqy - efficient or something . let 's try a leave . they turn leave . a small , barely noticeable arc of electricity zap from a dangle , half - severe wire . CUT to : int . saturation chamber room pritchett dead -end in another room . pritchett damn-it-all ! this be the saturation chamber ! Left again ! he all but yank price along with he , price blurt as he disappear from frame : price what 's a " saturation chamber " ? eddie and SARA linger , stare at the big , cast - iron capsule - shape contraption . we hear pritchett 's Voice in the distance , explain : pritchett ( o.s. ) New wrinkle on a old theory for treat schizophrenia . 19th century , I think : what would drive a sane man mad should make a madman sane . the vannacutt version be : bombard the patient with aural and visual stimulus far more frightening than any hallucination they could ever produce , it would traumatize them back to " normalcy . " eddie do it work ? Eddie look up : pritchett and price be nowhere to be see . eddie hey ! where would you guy go ? pritchett ( o.s. ) Left , goddamnit ! SARA ( grab Eddie 's arm ) c'mon -- I have get like zero interest in get lose down here . he guide she out of the room and down -- int . basement corridor - continuous -- to he leave . pull back -- and we see , simultaneously , pritchett , price and flashlight walk down the corridor that be to they leave -- Eddie and Sara walk down the one that be to they leave : a long , snake passage go in the completely opposite direction . CUT to : int . basement corridor - continuous Eddie and Sara navigate the various twist and turn in the darkness . eddie hey , price ! pritchett ! Sara 's gaze fall on : a ragged hole above they head , break into the wall of the corridor . cable and wire can be see inside the hole . SARA lemme try something . gimme a boost . Eddie grab she by she butt . she bristle . SARA -- hey , pal , that be not code for -- -- and with he considerable strength , lift Sara in the air so she 's sit on he hand like a chair -- eddie -- where you need to go ? as much as she try to stifle it , Sara let loose a giggle . SARA Three step forward -- I want to get up there . eddie why ? SARA this whole place can not be wire to just one circuit -- CUT to : int . corridor - continuous pritchett and price take a hard right into -- int . gear room we recognize the rusted gear from the " lockdown " sequence . pritchett bingo ! he shine the light through the cavernous space : a immense mechanism of cam , pulley and counterweight . price stare in absolute awe -- this be something straight out of the industrial Revolution . he eye the bank of long - handle , mother - of - pearl tip lever . CUT to : int . wall - continuous Sara with she hand deep in the recess behind the wall sconce , yanking and re-connect wire until -- she get a spark . int . basement corridor - simultaneous it burn she finger and she yelp -- but the light in the corridor flicker on for a moment . and then again . and again . it 's a lousy source of illumination , but ... SARA -- better than nothing . down , big fella ' . Eddie lower she back down to earth -- he hand linger for a moment on she bottom . they eye meet for a nanosecond . SARA thanks . eddie most fun I have have all day . SARA you need to get out more . they start walk down the weirdly pulsing corridor . eddie so , who be you really ? Sara stiffen for a second . then , calmly : SARA what ? deep down inside ? eddie start with the name you be bear with , and we will work forward from there . SARA I tell you already : Jennifer jenzen , executive v.p. of -- eddie I do not think so ... SARA why not ? eddie most of my business be make delivery to high roller . and I have yet to meet one executive who could tie they own shoe -- let alone rewire a entire house . you do not fit the bill -- not even close . SARA ( grin ) there 's always exception . eddie not in the movie biz . so , c'mon , gimme the truth . ahead of they , Sara see the corridor split into two . SARA the truth be , if we keep take rights , we be go to have to end up where we start . she beckon he to follow she , start walk down the corridor to the right . SARA look , we be all gonna be out of here in a little while and go we separate way , all a million buck richer . what 's it matter who I be or who I be not ? there 's no response from Eddie . SARA okay ... so let 's say , hypothetically , I be not exactly who I should be -- okay , so you be right , you be a genius , I do not know anybody who could have ever see right through I like that -- do that end the discussion ? no response from Eddie . SARA alright , look : my real name be Sara , and I be a secretary -- be , anyway -- to the real Jennifer bitch who be invite here , and now you know and I be begging you do not tell anybody , ' cuz I be out of a job and could really use even a tenth of that money , okay ? no response from Eddie . SARA can I just get a " yes " or a " no " ?? she turn : Eddie 's nowhere to be see . CUT to : int . gear room - continuous pritchett and price stand in the " lockdown " control room , stare at a rusted lever that price have snap off . price we may have to ... look for other mean to get out of here . price look around the room . pritchett what happen to what 's - they - name ? CUT to : int . basement corridor - continuous Sara trot down one corridor -- SARA Eddie ...? int . basement - another corridor - continuous Sara move and pick up speed : SARA if this be you idea of funny , think again ! int . basement - another corridor - continuous Sara move even faster : SARA in fact , you be really start to piss I off ! int . basement - another corridor - continuous and suddenly , she slam on the brake -- because at the far end of this corridor , she spot : eddie - quick -stepping right - to- leave through the intersection ahead . SARA hey , pal : game call on account of boredom , let 's go -- and then she see : in the strobe- flicker of light , he eye look devoid of pupil , as though replace by something metallic . SARA Eddie ...?? Eddie keep walk , turn into another corridor and disappear from sight . SARA what be you problem ? she run after he . CUT to : int . basement - another corridor - continuous Sara again spot Eddie at the other end . SARA hey ! he keep on walk , turn into a room , disappear from sight . SARA you know , I be actually start to like you , you creep ! Nonetheless , she chase after he into -- CUT to : int . morgue room Sara stop , scared . god-know what this room 's purpose be long ago , now it 's just a space fill with enormous glass tank , vat-like thing fill with blood . but no Eddie . she shout to the air : SARA okay , you win . you have successfully creepe I out . -- and then she eye go wide as she spot eddie -- perch above a vat -- he 's teeter , he equilibrium like a marionette 's -- in danger of drop right into the vat ! SARA what be you do -- -- Eddie drop like a stone into the vat . SARA -- Eddie !! she scramble up to the top of the vat , look down into it : nothing but that thick opaque muck -- but there 's something roiling beneath it . Sara plunge she arm down into it -- SARA -- Eddie ! Eddie ! oh my god ! -- bam ! something do -- yanking she down hard into the vat -- and continue to pull -- she 's to she shoulder in it -- and she head 's about to go in -- SARA -- Eddie !! voice ( o.s. ) over here . Sara dart the one eye still above the muck - line behind she . eddie mose -- be stand in the doorway , a completely baffle expression on he face . eddie what 's go on , you lose something down there ? SARA -- look back down into the vat in horror . let out a scream . whatever 's in there release she arm and she go tumble ass -over - teakettle down to the floor , she arm release . Eddie run to she , take she in he arm , sopping himself in the same blood . eddie what be you do ? be you okay ? Sara have no answer . int . the MAIN salon - shortly after pritchett enter the room . the blood - cake Eddie and Sara stumble in , right behind they . pritchett grimace ... pritchett now it 's mark the two of you . evelyn I suppose it 's too much to hope that all that blood mean -- a grim -face price enter . evelyn ( disappointed ) -- nope , he 's still alive . she pour herself another huge drink . price Evelyn , could you just zip it for a moment ? it look like we be stick here ' till morning -- let 's make the best of it . eddie best of a nightmare . SARA there be something very not normal go on here ! pritchett this ? this be nothing . you have only be deal with the House itself . you have no idea what you be tinkering with . sooner or later , the darkness that be at the core will get out ... one of you will release it ... not meaning to , of course ... then ... ( sing ) ... bye , bye , miss american pie ... SARA pritchett , what be this " core of darkness " ? pritchett I think you understand .... it 's the soul of vannacutt 's dead ... the insanity ... the horror ... victim burn alive ... all that pain percolate somewhere in the house for seventy - some year ... ( sing ) ... sing this will be the day that I die ... this will be the day that I .... he make a beeline for the sideboard . blackburn there must be some other way out . price well , until that 's find , I think it 's a good idea we all stick together . ( turn to he wife ) or would not that fit into you plan , baby ? evelyn Fine with I . just somebody then better go and round up Melissa marr . price where be she ? evelyn stalk the wild poltergeist . int . hallway - simultaneous video image : a darkened hallway rife with grainy shadow . the image cruise down the corridor , peer into the twist passageway that intersect we path as we drift like some Flying dutchman . int . hallway - simultaneous and we see that we have be watch from the Pov of Melissa marr 's camcorder . she 's glide up and down the hallway , eye glue to the viewfinder , take in every square inch of the place . Pov camcorder the bump and pit in the carve - stone corridor wall be become more vivid . another angle Melissa see take a leave into another hallway . Pov camcorder a odd shadow play in the corner at the end of this new hallway . the corridor appear to grow smaller , more claustrophobic . another angle Melissa let loose a half - uneasy , half - exhilated gulp . she stop walk . slowly lower the camcorder , scan the end of the hall with she naked eye : other than have the creepy ambience as the rest of the house , the hall appear normal again : large and long without a trace of anything extraordinary . she return she eye to the viewfinder . Pov camcorder the shifting shadow she see before disappear into a OPEN door at the end of the hall . melissa ( o.s. ) curiouser and curiouser . we be talk a fifty share , minimum . -- just then : a murmur of many voice hear around she . another angle Melissa lower the camcorder , eye darting everywhere , scared -- but she see nothing . camera back up to she eye . she move to the doorway . as she turn the corner , we see the pattern on the wall . it be really a painting do in anamorphosis - it have now become a terrible gothic demon , ready to strike . Pov camcorder we reach the vault - like door and peer down the step that disappear into a pool of darkness . the voice hear again . indistinct basso . emanate from somewhere below . we descend down the stair . int . basement - corridor - continuous melissa come to a stop at the bottom of the stair : she eye go wide at the sight before she . wild image paint by some long - dead madman , start on the floor , sweep up across the wall and onto the ceiling . she peer closer , see : that they be image of torture and death paint in blood . melissa stare at they , wide - eye . she put the camera back up to she eye . Pov camcorder the image come alive : writhing in agony , what pass for they mouth open wide in silent scream . Melissa be awe - strike : melissa ( o.s. ) fuck I bald . she move down the corridor to a room at the end . a sign proclaim " cerebral hygiene " . as she near , the voice grow louder . and now mix in with they be terrible moan . int . cerebral hygiene room - Melissa enter -- Pov camcorder a strange room fill with odd device be laid out before we . clearly leave over from another era , quack electric machine and bizarre instrument line the wall . in the middle of the room , a small group of people in white stand huddle urgently around something , they back to we . a man in white , off to the side , be filming whatever it be go on with a spring - wound 16 mm camera . melissa ( o.s. ) Jesus ... and then the huddle Group whip around , revealing the object of they - activity : two human -- cramme together on one gurney : a woman in a savage nurse 's uniform ; a man , in what little be leave of he surgical scrub , a name plate pin right into he flesh : " vannacutt . " both scream like banshee as they be be vivisected . it be the identical image we see on the b&w footage from 1931 at the beginning of the movie . another angle with a gasp , melissa pull the camera from she eye . she look at the room : the equipment be all there but the room be completely empty of anything live . she let out a small sigh of relief and turn to leave -- -- and suddenly in front of she be ... the patient ... that vannacutt and nurse have originally be dissect . he 's jittering so fast he 's a blur . and then he lunge at she . int . MAIN salon - simultaneous the scream of Melissa marr echo wildly in the room -- long , agonize howl that just grow louder and louder . everyone look up in alarm -- with the exception of Evelyn , whose sole focus be on pour herself a new drink . evelyn could be old Melissa find what she be look for . as the scream grow even more hideous , price and guest dash out of the room . pritchett downs the rest of he huge tumbler of scotch , then proceed very halfheartedly after they -- and then the scream stop . pritchett sit back down in he chair , pour another drink . pritchett she 's dead . chalk up one for the House . int . hallway price and blackburn stride down a long hallway , eye darting everywhere , shouting : price Melissa ! blackburn Ms. marr ! and then hearing from down in the basement : eddie ( o.s. ) oh , Jesus : down here ! int . basement corridor - continuous price and blackburn arrive to see Eddie and Sara stand outside the door label " cerebral hygiene . " price what ? blackburn be she alright ? SARA .... I do not ... know . the two man follow they gaze . to the floor . lying there be mary camcorder the lens shattered , the hand - grip break off . blackburn something just must have ... frighten she , that 's all . SARA yeah ... something . Sara hold up she finger : it 's drench with fresh blood . and with it , she point into the empty room . on the tile be a wide , red and glisten drag MARK lead from the doorway to the foot of the half -rotted ... operating table . price Jesus . price and blackburn run into the room . blackburn kneel down , examine the drag mark . utterly baffle and not a little unnerve : blackburn it just ... stop here . Sara stick she head in the door , nervously : SARA maybe .... maybe she go up on the table . price run a finger along the table bed ; he 's able to dig a trench the entire length of it through the three - inch - deep worth of dust . price nobody , nothing 's be on this in ...67 year . Eddie stomp into the room , frighten and frustrated , try to make sense of it all : eddie well , she go somewhere ! she do not just up and disappear into thin air ! SARA no ... not air -- the three man turn to look at she -- Sara 's stare at something above they : a spot on the ... ceiling directly over the operate table , where the bloody drag mark resume , continue all the way to the point where concrete ceiling meet equally solid wall , and then vanish altogether . SARA -- into the House . they just stare at the sight in dead , scared - shitless silence . heard over : eddie ( v.o. ) there 's gotta be some way out -- int . MAIN salon - soon after Eddie see harangue a near-dead drunk pritchett : eddie -- of this place , goddamnit , pritchett ! pritchett yes . pritchett drain the last drop of he tumbler of scotch . pritchett alcoholic coma , if you hurry . he start to pour another -- -- Eddie swat both glass and bottle out of he hand ; they shatter on the floor . in this tension - pack room , the sound be magnify a hundred - fold . blackburn all but jump out of he skin . blackburn Jesus H. Christ ! pritchett oh dear . blackburn ( to Eddie ) if you do not calm the hell down I be gonna strap you in for electro-shock ! eddie ( wave he pistol ) how you gonna manage that with a new blow - hole in you dome ? SARA hey , if everybody 's gonna kill each other , could you do it in another room ? I be try to get something accomplish here . we see that Sara 's sit at a desk in the room , fiddling with the innard of Melissa marr 's camcorder . eddie what the hell good be fix that gonna get we ? SARA a answer , I hope : exactly what -- or who -- Melissa be taping . eddie and then where be we ? blackburn put it this way : if it 's you face on that tape , Mr. mose , we be one gunshot away from solving all we problem -- eddie -- fuck you ! SARA I get it ! something , anyway ... the room go silent -- on the playback screen on the side of the camcorder , a erratic , wildly roll image can be see . everyone present , pritchett include , start gravitate towards Sara and the desk . she hit the stop button on the camcorder . SARA the motor 's work , but the tape 's pretty much d.o.a . -- I could only rewind it back a couple of foot . do not blink , this be probably the first and only show . she punch play . and we see on the camcorder' playback soundless : a vision of free flight -- the lens capture what it see as it drop to the ground : a wild , herky - jerky , ass -over - teakettle melange of -- wall / ceiling / mary hair -- and , finally : floor as the lens smack tile , fracture into a starburst of crack , topple onto its side . and through this veil of jagged , spidery line , we see : mary hand drop into frame -- lie still for a moment -- and then start violently spasming , as a bloodstorm start spattering it from o.s. until the color of she flesh can no longer be see -- a metal crunch be hear from inside the camcorder , and the image on the screen go to black . int . MAIN salon - continuous no one move -- they be all freeze there , stare at the dead screen . beat . and then : the sound of light applause be hear . head turn towards its source , and we see : evelyn stockard -price lean against one of the wall , she hand slowly , almost angrily clapping . she do not speak , she seethes : evelyn game , set and match , Steven . you have outdone yourself . and I know it 's not good manners to ask the magician how he do it , but inquire mind be desperate to know : just what do really happen to Ms. marr ? price ask the wrong person again . evelyn I mean , do she stage it all for you and then go hide -- or do you just flat out kill the little bitch -- price -- I pose you the same question -- evelyn -- and who 's next on you list ? price if I have one , Evelyn , I think you know who would be first and last -- evelyn -- oh , for chrissake , that 's a give ; we all know that knock I off be the bottom line here -- price -- that be not my original plan , but it be start to look more attractive -- evelyn -- thank you ! all the card finally on the goddamn table ! she produce one of the glock and point it at he . evelyn just know I be not gonna make it easy for you . we still do not know the answer to the million dollar question -- -- Evelyn fire the gun into the wall just to the leave of price 's head . it smashes a hole there the size of a fist . price Jesus ! evelyn question answer . price they be not load when I put they in there ! evelyn funky little house , be not it ? ( turn to the guest ) Friends , you hostess be now go to retire for what 's leave of the night . if you need I , I will be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need : the door will be lock , I will be try to sleep , and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole , I be gonna empty this thing into they fuck head . thank you all for the bestest birthday a girl could have . she walk away and begin climb the stair . price turn to the guest to see that every eye in the room be stare at he -- and not without fear . price be astonished , then just shake he head with disgust . price even if I be inclined , I have have better -- and a lot safer -- opportunity to kill off a wife . blackburn Three time , to be exact . price Excuse I ? blackburn accident . fatal . each of you prior wife , so we have be inform . price can not imagine by who . I do not suppose the truth would interest you : that I have never have another wife but Evelyn . no response , just look of confusion . price married . once . same woman . all this year . she just slither up the stair . eddie prove it . price prove it how ? Sara stride to the coffin-cabinet and withdraw one of the glock . price and what be you plan on do with that ? she cock it . SARA I just decide a million buck be worthless if you be not around to spend it . there be a way out of this place , and I be gonna either find it or create it . ( to Eddie ) come or stay ? Eddie look at he option : price , blackburn & pritchett -- or Sara . eddie yeah , what the hell , I will go . blackburn yeah , I too . blackburn take a gun from the coffin and cock it . SARA more the merrier . blackburn no . I be go back to try and find Ms. marr . if she 's hurt , I will tend to she . Dead , then I be come back for he . he glare at price and exit in the opposite direction . Long beat . price stare at the befuddle pritchett who seem to be have a quiet conversation with himself . pritchett I think ... I may have the answer . price what ? pritchett I remember ... it be a long time ago ... my father say : when the House be finally complete , make sure ... we- christen -it - with -this-bottle-of-dirt-cheap -champagne - that -should-still - be- in a cupboard somewhere ! pritchett be out of he chair extremely fast for someone with a near-lethal blood alcohol level . as he make he exit , he grab one of the last glock . turn sheepishly to price : pritchett nothing personal . he chamber a shell and exit . beat . price be alone in the room . price Evelyn , goddamnit -- ! int . SMALL grimy room - just after -- and burst through the hinge panel into computer central , shouting : price -- schecter , how be she pull this off !? schecter do not turn , all he attention focus on the computer screen , he finger stop dead in the they track upon the key as though suddenly terrify by something . price look at the computer screen . two word type there : someone else price what do that mean ? schecter stay freeze . price be beside himself : price schecter , what the hell do it mean ?? he whip schecter around in he swivel chair -- and come literally face - to- face with -- a man who no longer have a face ! it 's like someone take a giant melon - baller to schecter 's head , scoop out everything -- just leave the rind that 's the interior wall of he skull . well , mostly everything : there 's still bit of bloody brain pulp hang from the bone . needless to say : he 's dead . price turn away , gag in horror -- and he eye be catch by a flash of motion in a -- video monitor -- the one train on the Main salon a figure ( vannacutt ) dressed all in white stand by the sideboard , look up into the camera -- a strange stainless - steel device in he hand that look half - surgical see / half -speculum . something dark and wet drip from its knife - sharp edge . price someone else . not Evelyn -- price 's eye jump to -- video monitor - the one trained on the bedroom -- plain as day , there 's Evelyn under the cover . price 's eye dart back to the salon monitor -- the figure in White be no longer there . but price catch a flash : the door to the corridor just swinging shut ! price jump to he foot and tear - ass out of the small room , screeching : price there 's someone else in the House ! int . corridor - MAIN floor - simultaneous Eddie and Sara pull with all they might on the iron grate to one of the window . Eddie stop . eddie you hear somebody ? SARA no -- keep pull , it 's move ! int . basement corridor - simultaneous Dr. blackburn , armed with Sara 's flashlight and he medical bag , stride with determination through the labyrinth . then stop when he hear a faint voice in the distance : distant voice ( o.s. ) blackburn ! blackburn find he 's stop right by the door to the " cerebral hygiene " room . blackburn ( suddenly nervous ) Ms. marr ...? int . evelyn' bedroom - simultaneous we see the lock on the door , deadbolt and knob-lock both , SNAP OPEN simultaneously . beat . in the distance , a voice : distant voice ( o.s. ) someone else -- ! the door slam . whip - pan to Evelyn 's bed : clearly it 's be sleep in -- but now it 's completely empty . int . vannacutt' study - simultaneous pritchett on he hand and knee go through a large cabinet , toss book and papers over he shoulder in a frenzy of frustration . distant voice ( o.s. ) -- in the House ! pritchett ( to himself ) I know , I know -- it 's gotta be here somewhere ! int . grand foyer - continuous price tear down the stair : price you sonovabitch , where be you , I see you !! int . corridor - MAIN floor - continuous Eddie and Sara drop they arm from the window , exhaust . but there be now a space about two inch wide between iron grate and OPEN window . SARA we can do it ... eddie sure , with three day and a blowtorch . SARA it 's a thousand year old -- we just need a crowbar or something to get leverage -- the sucker will pop ! eddie no prob : I will just hop down the hardware store -- SARA -- no . the basement -- the room with all the control to this thing : big long iron lever just lie there -- eddie -- not a chance -- there 's too much weirdness down there I do not think even bullet be gonna stop . SARA you be start to sound like pritchett . -- and then the light zap to black and Sara shriek -- int . hallway - continuous -- pritchett shriek as the light zap back on -- blind -- then off again -- then on -- int . basement - continuous -- the light in the wall sconce be strobing like a epileptic 's worst nightmare . the sheer schizo- psychedelia of it all have Dr. blackburn freeze in he track -- int . basement stairway - continuous -- as be price . -- then the SOUND start . price be first to hear it -- it put a expression on he face like someone be ramming both eardrum with icepick over and over again : a loud crackling electric surge -- on -again , off -again , in direct sync with the dimming of the light . what make it so especially unsettle be the noise that accompany each sledgehammer surge : a strain , strangulate cry . a noise like a calf would make as its throat be slit . the light - show be damned , price leap down the stair , sprinting towards the noise . int . basement corridor - continuous -- likewise Dr. blackburn -- int . hallway - continuous -- likewise Sara and Eddie , run as fast as they can -- int . basement gallery - continuous price spy blackburn at the other end of a corridor , shout over the noise to he : price where be it ?? blackburn I do not know !! Sara and Eddie appear , spot they ; Sara shout : SARA what be it ?? price something with the power , I do not know !! and then pritchett be see at the far end of another corridor . pritchett it 's down there ! he 's point to a long corridor - a light strobe at the end . eddie what 's down there ? pritchett ( awe-struck ) the ... fourth of July . blackburn what be you babbling , you lunatic ?? and then clarity come to price 's eye . price electro-shock . int . hallway / electro -shock therapy room - basement -- and the noise suddenly stop . the light stop pulsing . pitch dark and dead quiet . Eddie squint and point at something deeper in the room . eddie there 's something -- -- moving inside the room . blackburn lash he arm out , stop anyone from go any further into the room . he whisper : blackburn do not move , do not make a sound ... in the darkness , in the distance , they can make out a animate presence at waist level . pale . with something flow from its side , almost wing - like . and it 's squirming , undulate like a snake -- and then , softly this time , that calf - like cry . High -pitch , almost female - sounding . price duck under blackburn 's arm and start walk slowly into the room , towards it . no one try to stop he . on price as he get closer , and can see that whatever it be , it 's perch atop one of the table -- -- the cry -- and price step closer , and he can make out to the side of the table , something that look like .... a hand ? -- the cry -- closer now : a hand discern -- human -- with ring on the finger , polish on the nail -- price ... Ms. marr ...? -- no response -- just the cry -- price reach out to touch that hand -- SARA be it Melissa ?? -- a look of horror come to price 's face : price oh jesus no !! -- and then light flash blinding white -- and the bug-ey face of evelyn stockard - price be see -- scream that cry through the rubber bite - down that 's be tape tight to she tooth -- -- she head , she torso , she limb bucking like they be jet - propel against the leather strap restrain she -- -- as the massive volt of electricity from the dynamo she 's wire to punch into she like ten thousand razor at once -- -- and price reach for she instinctively -- -- only to have blackburn lunge in and yank he hand away -- blackburn -- be you crazy !?! -- and for a moment all anyone can do be watch as Evelyn get jolted and slam again and again and again -- and spark fly from the electrode on she head and smoke start to billow -- price turn it off !! somebody turn the damn thing off !! en masse , the guest charge into the room , scrabbling everywhere around the dynamo , look for a wire , anything they can use to stop the current rip through she body -- -- and price be near-insane , smash button , yanking switch off they mooring as he watch the pupil disappear from the eye of he buck , jerk wife -- -- and Sara pull a cord from a socket in the wall and nothing happen -- -- and blackburn spy something run down the table leg -- -- and price be literally scream -- -- and blackburn yank the table - leg wire with all he might -- -- and everything stop . the light show . the scream . the smoke . -- and Evelyn , too . her body drop back down on the table with a horrible thud . her eye stare sightlessly . blackburn lean over she . head to she chest , a finger to she neck . beat . and then he stand back up straight . blackburn I be sorry -- price -- she 's not dead ! just have to get she heart pump aqain ! SARA mouth-to-mouth ! price yank the bite-piece from Evelyn 's mouth -- a plume of purple arterial blood spew from she lip and cascade all over she face . eddie oh , Jesus .... price adrenaline -- in you bag , blackburn , you must have -- blackburn -- even it we be in the e.r. , price : it 's too late -- she heart 's burst ! price put he ear on Evelyn 's chest -- listen -- he face fall . price no ... Sara put two finger to Evelyn 's wrist pulse . feel . SARA she 's go . even pritchett get into the act , take the flashlight and shine it into Evelyn 's fix pupil . pritchett they do not get any deader . price stroke he wife 's hair , tear begin to form in he eye . price no . with he other hand , price begin to unbuckle the restraint . SARA I ... do not think ... anybody should be touch the body . price I think I will do what I damn well please . blackburn she 's right , price . it 's a matter for the police . he take price 's hand firmly and remove they from Evelyn . price it be in - fuck - deed . at the risk of state the obvious : this be not exactly a goddamn suicide . he smack the now - loose steel - and - leather restraint with he hand -- in the tense silence of the room , the buckle bang like a gunshot against the table , over and over again . pritchett House 2 , guest 0 . price I think , pritchett , we have get a situation here that even you can not explain away as " ghost . " this be ice - cold homicide by person -- or person -- he glare furiously at he guest . SARA -- not entirely unknown . she cock she pistol and aim it at price . price convenient place to point blame , hon ' , but this time , the only wrong one : for all I know , somebody should be point that gun at you . she shake she head and keep the gun where it be . SARA I be upstairs with Eddie -- eddie -- that 's the fact , bud -- SARA -- where the hell be you ? price upstair , too . come with I , I will show you another body , a friend of mine name schecter -- blackburn -- what be he do here ? price running all the bell and whistle we set up to scare hell out of everybody -- eddie -- the stain glass -- price -- yeah , we do that -- SARA -- the window and door grate -- price -- no -- that 's when everything go ragtime -- whoever else be in this house have be do everything since -- I think it be Evelyn -- blackburn -- which be why you kill she . and now he take he pistol and cock it at price . price I be upstairs ! SARA I never see you -- blackburn -- I do : down here . eddie and I think that 's case -- -- likewise produce he gun and chamber a shell . eddie -- close . price pritchett , you be not join this necktie party ? pritchett I be upstairs look for ... well , uh ... moral support . I do not know what 's go on down here , but I like you , and if you say the house do not kill you wife -- pritchett fumble out he pistol . pritchett -- then I guess then it have to be you . sorry . price thank God -- I be afraid I would be lynched without a quorum . SARA if you have get a gun on you , price , I would hand it over now . price not just yet . would any of you be interested in know exactly why I end up here in the basement ? SARA fascinate . price I be chase after somebody I see in the salon . blackburn oh , really : who ? price do not catch he or she name , just follow they down here . somebody all in white surgical gown . pritchett ( suddenly terrify ) vannacutt !! price or somebody want I to believe that . SARA well , I do not . price then just wait -- maybe this whoever 's get you next on the asylum 's equipment - test list . maybe a literal mind - blow inside the " saturation chamber . " SARA I will take my chance . price well , I can not , sweetheart . and now price produce he gun . blackburn if there really be someone else in this house , I think the four of we can handle the situation . price I think one of you have be part and parcel of make this situation ! SARA the gun , price ; hand it over : now . price cock he pistol . price do not test I , I be real prepare to use this to stay alive -- SARA -- confirm everything we already know -- price -- I will take the chance , come morning and cop , I will be prove right -- -- Sara advance -- eddie -- you lose either way , price -- SARA -- listen to the man -- price -- listen to I , goddamnit -- SARA -- no more -- -- she reach for he gun -- price -- no ! and price pull the trigger right in she face ! SARA no !! only ... there 's no explosive report , no whine of bullet -- just this click ! click ! click ! from price 's gun . the room freeze for a moment -- wide - eye shock all around . price look down at he Glock : the weld on the clip 's be break . price who fuck with my gun ?? freeze break : Eddie lunge for he . eddie you sonovabitch !! and he tackle price to the floor , punch the gun from price 's grasp and nail he in the face a few time for good measure . price be down for the count . pritchett walk towards the stair . blackburn look to Sara : blackburn now what do we do ? we have get to hold he somewhere ' till the police -- SARA -- the " saturation chamber . " where he want to put I . pritchett stop in he track on the stair , alarmed . pritchett what would drive a madman sane would drive a sane man mad . ( pause ) I need a drink . anyone want I , I will either be upstairs or dismember . int . saturation chamber room - just after price let out a scream as Eddie slam the door to the " saturation chamber " . price 's face appear in the small porthole . Sara twist the wheel that seal tight the cast-iron , capsule - shape device . ask blackburn : SARA pretty old and rusted out -- you sure this thing will hold he ? through the single small window on the side , we can see a furious , panicked price slam he full weight against the inside of the door . it do not budge a millimeter . blackburn do not think it will be a problem . SARA ( to Eddie ) c'mon . through the chamber window , we see price make another futile crash against the door . eddie should not somebody like , stand guard or something -- just in case ? blackburn I will stay , if it will ease you mind . eddie you sure ? you will be alright by yourself ? blackburn pat the gun in he jacket pocket . blackburn I be not worried . Sara nod , take Eddie 's hand and disappear up the stair . blackburn and price stare at each other on opposite side of the tiny window . price be screeching something at he , but we can not hear a word through all that iron . blackburn can not quite make that out -- what ? price silently bellow . blackburn you want to see how this thing work ? weird request , but okay ... blackburn lean over and start twist dial and flipping every switch he can find on the control panel of the capsule . we see price look up in alarm : a circle of pulsing light be dapple down on he . it look almost quaint : like a victorian carousel at night . blackburn you have get to let I know how it all turn out . professional courtesy and all that . and with price see yell and pound through the window , blackburn walk away and disappear into the dark of the basement . he pass right by the huge , seal steel door where vannacutt stashed he corpse . the tendril of mold on the metal have expand to the length of a man 's arm . int . saturation chamber - continuous price be down on the floor of the capsule , a look both of fear and a engineer 's curiosity on he face , as he stare up at the circle of light that have begin to spin faster and faster -- -- and then whatever anxiety he have abruptly drop from he face . aside from a little eye-strain , absolutely nothing 's happen to he . he stand and examine the source of the light . see on the ceiling of the capsule : it 's nothing more than a spin mirror ball - like apparatus fleck with color glass . he 's unimpress : price Technology by Fred flintstone . he turn away from it , brace himself against a wall , see storyboard for this sequence - which show steven price be tormented by light , SOUND , FURY and hallucination . smash to : int . basement corridor - continuous where we view price from outside the capsule . through its tiny window we see he silently jerk , spasm and scream -- all while stand inside the utterly empty saturation chamber . over we hear almost bestial - sounding grunt . int . basement corridor - simultaneous Sara and Eddie move through the corridor - stop at every junction . they be hopelessly lose . eddie I think we should have take a right back there . SARA back where ? they scan the maze of interconnect passageway behind they . eddie good point . SARA ( point to another hallway ) let 's try down here ... they move in that direction , turn a corner and pass several doorway . Eddie glance at the door they be about to pass and stop . eddie hey , check it out . Sara stop and look at the wire glass door . a nameplate read : dr . richard B. vannacutt SARA vannacutt 's office . she try the door handle . it 's unlock . they move inside , slowly . int . vannacutt' office - continuous Inside be a amazing collection of debris , partially ransacke . file cabinet be open and the floor be litter with papers . on shelf be bottle of specimen of body part and dead sea life , float in formaldehyde . Sara move over to vannacutt 's desk and begin go through the drawer . Eddie stare at the specimen . eddie what be you look for ? SARA maybe there be note or drawing of this place , show how that plate work . Eddie pull a picture from the wall ... the glass be crack . Sara look back at Eddie and move to he . SARA ( cont would ) what have you get ? eddie class of 1931 . ecu - the picture show the various doctor and nurse in resident . the banner above the corrode image state : the vannacutt institute staff for 1931 . below each face be a name and position . SARA cheery look bunch . eddie better live through electricity . Sara notice something about the photo . SARA Holy shit ! now we know how the guest list be make up . look , this name ... head nurse , Ruth - Ann stockard ... bjorn Jensen , electro therapy ... jasper marr , Thomas Steven price ... they be all here ! eddie wait a minute ... what be you say ? SARA everyone that be invite be related to one of the staff who be here when the place burn . there be five of we ... suddenly , another voice be hear ... pritchett and five that do not die . Sara and Eddie just about jump out of they skin ! pritchett be stand in the doorway in he usual sloshed condition . eddie shit , pritchett !!! pritchett price do not make the guest list ... the house do . it want vengeance . eddie how 's a goddamn building gonna send out invitation ? pritchett what 's life , anyway ? wave ...? sound ...? Light ...? electricity ...? I do not know ... phone line ...? SARA or a on-line computer . eddie that 's crazy ! SARA what about that other guy ? pritchett schechter ? wrong place at the wrong time ... like you . Eddie stare at the photo . eddie I do not see blackburn 's name on here ... CUT to : int . electro -shock room - simultaneous Dr. blackburn open the door to the room and walk grimly into it , stare at Evelyn 's dead body , still strapped to the table . blackburn the late Mrs. Steven price . from he medical - bag , he remove a scalpel . blackburn tragic , torture Mrs. Steven price . with a blur of quick slashes , he cut she limb and torso free of they moldy restraint . blackburn Lovely Mrs. Steven price . now accessible , he part the top of she nightgown . run a finger slowwwwly from the tip of she chin down to she bare breast . blackburn creamy , cool ... and now very cooperative Mrs. Steven price . his tongue dart from he lip and he begin plant long , linger kiss all over she neck -- -- flash : of a hypodermic be pull from blackburn 's bag -- -- blackburn kissing everywhere around she breast -- -- flash : of the air bubbles in the needle be plunge out of the tip : squirt ! -- -- bubbles of blackburn 's saliva dampen she nipple , he tongue swabbing concentric circle within she aureole -- -- flash : the needle into the crook of Evelyn 's elbow -- -- blackburn 's mouth dance down to she belly -- he 's begin to hyperventilate with excitement -- and a hand come languidly into frame , begin stroking he lush dyed lock -- voice ( o.s. ) I have miss you . blackburn I have miss this . and Dr. blackburn toss the hypo away and hoist himself to meet the eager , wait mouth of the now very alive evelyn stockard - price -- who start to vigorously respond to blackburn 's touch . he reluctantly pull himself away . blackburn easy . you have get to keep still for a bit , the last thing we need be a coronary . evelyn you be the Doctor , sweetheart . ' guess the atropine work , then . blackburn convince all that that need convincing : you be a official dead lady . evelyn and what 's Steven 's status ? blackburn still alive , but it 's just a matter of time . and then will come you miraculous resurrection -- evelyn -- " oh , no , Officer , I be very much alive -- just a joke to beat my husband at he own clever game -- what ? what do you mean he 's dead ? it 's all my fault , I may as well have kill he myself ! " blackburn " but you do not , ma'am . we have all this witness that see ... " well , whoever it end up be that finally shoot he -- evelyn -- the James Dean wannabe with the hair trigger -- blackburn -- or might turn out to be -- very big surprise -- that jenzen girl . the little bitch have the right stuff . she nearly put a bullet in price right after you " demise . " evelyn so what stop she ? blackburn it 's complicated . but do not worry -- evelyn -- there 's already be way too many complication for a very simple plan . you ever find out what happen to Melissa marr ? blackburn not yet . evelyn so we do not even know if she 's alive or dead -- blackburn -- price kill she , there 's no other explanation -- evelyn -- there 's plenty : for all we know , Steven 's get she spying on we right now -- blackburn -- bullshit -- evelyn -- the whole thing be fall apart ! blackburn start stroking she , try to calm she . blackburn it 's not , baby . just a matter of minute now , before somebody pull the trigger -- evelyn -- but nobody have yet , Donald . they just have not be bring to that break point . they have to believe proof-positive that they life be in danger . blackburn how much more do they need than you death at he hand ? evelyn but they do not see it happen , they still have doubt . what we need be another body , and Steven 's bloody hand right next to it ! blackburn and how the hell be we go to do that ? evelyn okay : this may sound crazy , but -- -- and in one savage blur of motion , Evelyn drive blackburn 's scalpel right into he chest ! blackburn just stand there motionless , look at she confuse . she clear up any gray area : thrust deep and yanking down , gut he like he 's a trout . int . MAIN salon - upstair - continuous Eddie trot into the room , carry the thick base of a wrought- iron floor lamp . to Sara : eddie this be the best we be gonna do . SARA it will have to do . they start out of the room . Watson pritchett remain morosely sit in he chair . SARA you come , or be you wait for blackburn ? pritchett blackburn 's dead . SARA Excuse I ? pritchett he would have be back by now . beat . Eddie and Sara look at each other : nahhhh . and then : SARA hey : Dr. blackburn ...? nothing in response . Sara grab pritchett and they head for the basement . int . basement - corridor - simultaneous -- the beautiful blood - cake feet of Evelyn stockard - price see walk across the concrete . her gore - sop hand see , travel upwards -- we follow it -- -- as it undoe the lock on the door of the now pitch - dark -- int . saturation chamber room beat . and then the inert body of steven price slump out . Evelyn walk out of frame . beat . then a whimper be hear . it seem to be come from the throat of Steven price . int . basement - corridor - simultaneous the light have begin strobing again . Sara , Eddie and pritchett move quickly down corridor after corridor -- SARA Dr. blackburn ?? -- finally stumbling into : int . saturation chamber room - continuous -- where the circle of pulsing light inside the chamber itself be as bold and blind as look into the sun . lighting up the entire room , they can barely make out a thing -- except : a face -- freeze in a scream that 's press against the capsule 's window . eddie well , at least price be still under wrap . Sara squint . and then she eye grow wide -- SARA it 's blackburn . -- the face in the window come into focus : dr . donald W. blackburn the trio move to the chamber amidst the blind light , shield they eye and throw the door open -- a body -- come tumble out , the door close shut behind it . the three of they be in shock . blackburn 's face be still press against the window . and then Sara re-open the door . and they see : there 's nothing attach to blackburn 's head , it 's just propped in the small sill of the window . and the body on the floor just happen to be miss same . and then Sara set she tooth , and pull out she gun . int . basement - corridor - just after Sara and Eddie on a mission , glock in hand and ready , stalking like cat through the maze of corridor . eddie price !! SARA he 's gotta still be down here . pritchett be less enthuse . pritchett you know , that crowbar , that window ? maybe we should just call it a -- SARA / eddie -- pritchett , shut the fuck up . pritchett oh , dear . SARA price ! pritchett oh , dear . eddie pritchett -- ! and then he see that pritchett 's stare slack - jaw into the : int . morgue room -- the table where the body of Evelyn stockard - price once lay be now empty and blood-soaked . eddie price , what the fuck do you do ? Eddie turn , enraged , to Sara . she 's nowhere to be see . int . basement corridor - simultaneous Sara be wend she way down a passage , gun now lower slightly . for what she 's in pursuit of be something that seem not only non- threaten , but familiar : a soft , high - pitch voice that sound in pain , cry : voice ( o.s. ) please ..... anyone .... help I ? SARA Melissa ...? voice ( o.s. ) for the love of God .... please ...? SARA Melissa , it 's Sara -- be that you ? voice ( o.s. ) Sara ...? SARA keep talk , I will find you ! voice ( o.s. ) something .... happen -- SARA -- I be come -- voice ( o.s. ) -- something horrible ... I do not understand -- the Voice be somewhere close now -- within just a few foot of she -- but Sara can see no one . SARA if you can stand , if you can just raise you arm -- -- and then , from behind a tall pile of stone and mortar rubble , rise a bloody and absolutely terrify steven price -- so freak - out he Voice be just a squeak . price I wake up on the floor .... there be Dr. blackburn ... I do not know what happen ! Sara 's surprise quickly fade -- replace by cold , stone anger . SARA I do . price rise and start to slowly approach she , hand in front of he , stretch in supplication . price then tell I , please -- help I ...! SARA do not think so . stay the fuck back . price please ! I need you help . SARA not even for a million dollar , Mr. price . -- and Sara squeeze the trigger -- price -- no !! -- -- the first shot split a brick right next to he ear -- piece fly everywhere -- -- the next six be all right on torso-target . .45 caliber slug that make a nice round black hole as they hit he -- huge rag explosion of blood and meat as they exit . hideous . bonnie and clyde die in they sleep in comparison . pritchett and Eddie enter on the run . eddie what the hell be you shoot -- -- and then he see the riddled price on the ground . eddie oh. Jesus . pritchett poor Mr. price -- SARA -- fuck Mr. price ! -- he take the shaking , wild - eye Sara in he arm . she do not weep , just stand there spasming with shock . eddie it 's okay , everything 's okay now . SARA he 's dead ...? Eddie take one more look at the carnage ... eddie do not think it 's even a issue . SARA we be safe ? pritchett uhhhh ... eddie what ? pritchett okay -- I will admit it : I be totally , clinically insane . but I be still the only one who actually get a check tonight . it 's yours -- if you just get I the hell out of here now . eddie / SARA you get yourself a deal . they exit the room , head for the stair , not look back at price 's corpse for a second . beat . and then , emerge from the shadow , stroll evelyn who walk over to she husband 's body , talk to it : evelyn Steven , you poor , absolutely clueless geek . all it would have take be a simple divorce -- and rip we pre-nup to little piece . she kneel down next to the bioody corpse , whisper : evelyn but no matter how it end , please know just one thing : from that first moment I set eye on you , I have always love ... you money . you , personally -- well , frankly just the sight of you have always turn my stomach . a hand suddenly lash out and grab she hard by the throat . voice be that a fact , princess ? evelyn' eye widen in horror as she choke out a gasp : the hand belong to steven price , and he literally pick she up by she neck and bring she to she foot . price well , you could have save we all a great deal of time , not to mention money , if you would just let I in on it year ago . with he free hand , he rip off he shirt -- and the blood - squibbed kevlar vest underneath it . price this kind of special effect crap do not come cheap -- and I have to pay out of pocket ! no write - off here ! he begin move toward she . she instinctively back away , slowly be cornere in a alcove . evelyn how -- in the alcove be a door -- a very familiar door -- the seal steel portal lead to vannacutt 's body dump . the metal be so corrode its surface be misshapen with rust . price -- you must be kid . you be talk to Steven price -- every place you have go , every person you have see , every word you and blackburn ever say to each other : bugge , tape , see and hear as it happen ! he squeeze tighter , now with both hand ; she can barely breathe . evelyn Steven -- price -- anything , sweetheart , you need only speak -- evelyn -- what ...are ...you ... go ...to -- price -- just what you want everyone here to believe in the first place : I be go to murder you , Evelyn , with the great of pleasure -- evelyn -- wit ... ness -- price -- witness to what ? you be already dead , Evelyn ! happy birthday , baby -- -- and before Evelyn can even let out a gasp , he 's slam she up against a door . her body smack against the rusted metal with a rotted crack ! the " solid " door explode inward in a shower of rust . the rest of the door drop with a thud from its moldy hinge , send price and Evelyn hurtle down with it , into the room . int . decaying room stun for a moment Evelyn and price suddenly become aware that there be another presence in the room : something dark -- churning -- terrible . evelyn' eye look across the floorboard : the dust on the floor stand up on end and start to move like metal filing be pull by a magnet . evelyn Steven ...? be you do that ? a daze price pull himself to he foot , he can only hold the cut that the fall have open on he forehead and stare at the movement on the floor . price no ... evelyn no. ohmygod , pritchett be right -- the house be haunt . evelyn try to right herself . price 's eye fix on the wall behind she , tremble . price Evelyn ... get up ... now ! evelyn Steven ?? she turn and follow he gaze : a creeping darkness be gather on the wall behind she . price it 's the patient -- the evil -- we have release it -- price try to move , but he can not -- just stand there , paralyze with the surreal horror of it all . evelyn scramble to she foot . price back up in horror . evelyn no -- !! Evelyn bolt for the door . she do not get far . because , suddenly the churning shadowy Mass spring forward ! grabbing Evelyn and slamming she back against the wall . she try to cry out -- but the dark shape on the wall have begin to engulf she , literally corrode she flesh ! black tendril like acid-tipped vine , scuttle all over she , eat every inch of she body : her teeth drop from they gum , she eye rot out of they socket , she rib sizzle from she chest -- until she no longer have solid human form -- she 's just a flat , silent - scream image burnt / etched flush into the wall -- just like the gruesome image Melissa marr see through she camcorder , " paint " on the corridor wall outside vannacutt 's operate room . price , every limb shaking , back out of the room into the -- int . basement - corridor - continuous -- he eye shoot every which way in fear of god-know - what new nightmare -- it do not take long . subtle at first -- glimpsis catch out of the corner of he eye -- of shadow in the room seem to move : -- phft ! -- on the ceiling -- price whip he head up -- -- phft ! -- do he see something on the rear wall -- ? -- phft ! -- motion from a corner of the floor -- then all the shadow in the room - begin to move together toward the center of the room -- coalesc into one huge Mass of darkness . price do not hang around to see what happen next -- he bolt from the room -- only to smack right into : a old rusted medical cabinet that swing open to reveal inside one of its door : a 1920 's vintage anatomical chart with all the human organ and part cut up and re-arranged so that they be display alphabetically , view top-to-bottom . and then price 's whole face go fright - white : on the inside of the other door be the organ and part of melissa marr likewise cut up and alphabetize -- she decapitate head near the bottom , label " skull . " price gasp and dash back down the corridor to find that the mass of darkness have evolve into a huge , constantly morph three -dihensional be that let out a nail - on - blackboard screech and charge right for he . int . upstair - hallway where Sara , Eddie and pritchett be try with all they might to pry open the slightly - ajar window -- when they hear : price ( o.s. ) he be right ! pritchett be right ! pritchett I be . Sara and Eddie dash further down the ... int . upstair kallway ... where price stagger into the doorway that lead to the basement stair -- frenzied , nearly all he strength go : price it 's ... the House ! and then the Mass of darkness swirl into sight from below -- envelop price -- and suck he back downstairs , scream . the door slam shut ! beat . the three of they just stand there speechless . then : eddie what -- SARA -- be that ?? pritchett something ... that should probably be ... avoid -- -- they turn tail and tear from the room , back to int . hallway where they rush toward the partially pried -open window . SARA the open 's still too small , we will never get through ! eddie for chrissake give I a hand ! Three pair of hand grab onto the pry-bar and throw all they weight behind it . as they strain and the metal shriek : SARA pritchett : what be go on ? pritchett he must have unseal the room ! SARA how , he 's suppose to be dead ! a powerful groan reverberate through the house : the sound of timber bend and twist . eddie' head whip right - out of the corner of he eye , something see moving : the door to the basement - it 's turn black -- gangrenous -- it 's putrefy before they eye -- bow in and collapse as it rot . SARA I think ... it 's time ... to go . they whip around and run down the hall toward the live room . as they near the end they be stop dead in they track . there Pov : a wall nearby twist and bend into a new and different wall -- one with door that now swing open -- lead to some dark oblivion . int . hallway they stare at the sight before they . pritchett hail Mary , full of grace -- the house be grow ! eddie it 's not go to let we out ! SARA ( sense something ) no . it 's just try to frighten we . eddie it 's succeed ! SARA all the plate sealing the window and door -- there 's get to be some way of raise they manually . they do not just appear out of thin air -- there 's get to be pulley , cable or something , that make they go up and down . pritchett in the attic ? the wall at the end of the corridor be bend and twist , take on a new , hideous shape . eddie if you know where it be , get there ! pritchett I ? you have gotta be kid . the shadow thing round the bend at the end of the corridor -- it 's envelop the entire ceiling . pritchett look at Sara and Eddie plaintively -- SARA move ! -- then bolt reluctantly down the hall . just as the thing of shadow drop down from the ceiling ; begin spread out across the floor and sink into the floorboard . disappear . and then a terrible silence . eddie where do it go ? SARA run . eddie what -- -- and then the floorboard of the corridor start exploding in a path toward Sara and Eddie . SARA I say run ! they race down the corridor . behind they the floor be rip up , send debris into the air . Sara and Eddie dash into another corridor . shit ! a cul - de - sac , terminate with nothing but solid wall . they whip back around , only to see : the exploding floor bang a hard right and hurtle straight down the cul - de- sac right for they ! trapped , they just stare terrify and helpless - and then Eddie look up and spot : a ornate chandelier hang above they . the exploding floorboard be nearly upon they . eddie leap up grab the bottom on the fixture . he begin pull himself up . a floorboard next to Sara 's foot detonate -- she scream : SARA eddie ! he grab she and pull she up -- just as every floorboard she 's stand on erupt and goe flying , open a huge chasm below they ! the two of they exchange a glance that be simultaneously I be okay / you be okay / be we both go nut ? that 's when they hear a metallic screech above they : the chandelier be rip out of the ceiling . ping ! bam ! two of the three remain screw pop free and go fly -- the chandelier 's mount take a 90 - degree screech and ' jolt - and Sara 's already tenuous grip be lose . she crash helplessly down into the chasm , disappear into the black void below . int . decaying room - continuous Sara land with a thud , bury knee - deep in the rotted floor of the room below . the room -- where Evelyn meet she demise . int . hallway - continuous Eddie manage to swing the chandelier over to the side where the floor be still intact . int . decaying room - continuous Sara 's just about clear she head from the fall -- when she eye go wide . look down : she 's sinking into the floor . she cry out -- and suddenly everything beneath she just let go . and she 's hurtle like a rock down into : int . subterranean chamber - continuous SARA land on she face in some pitch - black space . when she eye adjust , she see she 's in a vault - like room that be fill with stalaqmite - like mound of dirt and rock . bizarre geological formation , each one unique in its own skew way , it appear for a moment as though Sara have fall across time and space and onto the surface of a planet we do not even have a name for yet . int . the house - various room - simultaneous the full anger of this place be now manifest : -- wall writhe and twist in fury , form -- stairways that shake themselves into splinter of frenzy ; -- carving in the wainscotted panele that become animate and turn upon themselves , cannibalize the writhe , scream wall that spawn they . int . hallway - simultaneous eddie peer into the hole in the floor : there be only darkness that seem to go on forever . eddie Sara ...? Sara ...? int . subterranean chamber - simultaneous as Sara try to pull herself to she foot she see : dirt and rock beginning to fall from the strange formation surround she . and then all become clear as to where and who she 's with : beneath all that effluence be the remains of vannacutt 's victims . some be miss body part . some be only body part . some be bound with leather strap as if they be just dumped there after die on the electro-shock or dissection table . SARA , let out the scream of she life . int . hallway - continuous Eddie hear she and bolt madly down the hall . eddie Sara ! he race toward the stairwell lead to the basement . int . subterranean chamber - continuous Sara leap to she foot and try to reach for the hole in the ceiling - it 's just out of reach . then she sense something else in there with she . reluctantly , she turn around : the shadow thing appear , fester on the wall . it quickly split into part and disappear into the rotted corpse . and they start to move . rising to life , foul breath bellow into they , slowly start to come towards she in a dance macabre -- voice ( o.s. ) ( a whisper ) Sara . Sara look up to see eddie in the open above . eddie grab my hand . he bend down to grab for she , but she 's just out of reach . decaying hand and arm be suddenly grab at Sara , tear at she clothes , shredd the flesh beneath they bloody with they long , post - mortem nail . SARA Eddie !!! Eddie take he jacket off and lower it down to Sara . she grab hold , and Eddie begin pull she up . int . attic - simultaneous pritchett find himself in the cavernous attic , stand before the massive pulley and counterweight system that 's the upper half of the lockdown mechanism . through the grove channel that one of the iron plate slide up and down on , pritchett can look down and see the foyer and the plate block the front door . there 's a hand crank attach to a series of block - and - tackle that ultimately connect to the massive counterweight to the front door 's plate . with all he effort , he turn the crank , but can only manage a half revolution -- -- creak-crunch -- but something move down there ! you can hear it ! how much , how high , he can not see , but maybe it 's enough . pritchett if there be a God ... he put he full weight behind he and grab the crank again -- push down -- and the thing break off in he hand . pritchett no-no-no !!!! why I , why I , you sonovabitch ! in hysterical frustration , he throw the break flange of metal as hard as he can at the wall . he miss the wall entirely and the crank just pinballs impotently between cable and counter - weight with a series of mock clanks ! and ping ! pritchett whyyyyyyy ?????? as he tear at he hair , screeching , suddenly he notice light on he hand . he turn , and the : dim glow from a soon - to- rise sun fall on he face . he sees : that , somehow , all that carome that he errant crank do have cause one of the iron plate to raise slightly . there be now a three foot open in the attic dormer window . pritchett eye glance nervously upward . pritchett be it too late to take back a couple of thing I say ? int . decaying room - simultaneous Eddie pull Sara all the way up and out of the subterranean chamber . they slump back on the fetid floor , exhaust . eddie you okay ? SARA yeah . and under other abnormal circumstance , I think this would be the time to seriously jump you bone . eddie better put it on hold ' till we find pritchett . SARA I do not do group . Eddie laugh -- and then he mouth stay open with no sound come out . he 's stare as : the area around the hole in the floor begin to turn a familiar black . and be creep fast towards Sara 's shoe . SARA what ? eddie Jesus ! she rip she shoe off . eddie pritchett ?? they both bolt and head for the basement stair . int . attic - simultaneous pritchett move to the window and freedom . he be about to make it outside when he stop . pritchett oh , c'mon -- do not grow a conscience now , f'chrissake ! he continue out the window -- stop again . look heavenward , angry and guilty at the same time . yell to he deity : pritchett alright , alright ! I will not leave them here to die ! he crab himself back into the attic , run over to the grove channel that the front door 's iron plate slide on . shout down through the slit to the foyer : pritchett I find the way out ! int . MAIN salon - continuous Sara and Eddie hear the Voice come from the foyer : pritchett ( o.s. ) anybody still alive ? I be give you ten second ! two-four-six - eight -- Sara and Eddie dash into the foyer . SARA -- hey ! -- pritchett ( o.s. ) ( slightly disappointed ) -- ten . eddie pritchett , be that you ? pritchett ( o.s. ) up here -- int . attic - continuous a metallic pop ! and ping ! be hear . pritchett 's eye dart to the machinery : a strand of the rusted cable hold the window open have snap free , and the rest be in a advanced state of fray . pritchett -- I think you better hurry -- there 's something of a time issue here . int . grand foyer - continuous Sara and Eddie start up the stair - behind they the hallway be turn black with decay . SARA move !! they race up the stair -- int . attic - continuous -- arrive in another part of the attic . Sara look around , try to get she bearing . eddie pritchett ! a distant voice pritchett ( o.s. ) over here ! the attic be a labyrinth of dangle cable , counterweight and they often neck-high metal mooring . Sara move toward the sound of he voice , Eddie hang back , sense something . SARA slowly wend she way through all the mishigas . unseen by she , down by she carefully tread foot , the shadow mass be filter up through the slit in the attic 's floor . SARA edge she way around a tall iron fly-rail -- -- and something grab at she hand . she 's have enough , she reach back to slug it -- then stop : it 's pritchett . pritchett please . it 's be a bad enough day -- -- and now the shadow Mass have re-assembled to its new , full enormity . it begin to barrel across the attic towards pritchett and Sara , who do not have a clue -- Eddie do ... eddie get out to the way ! Sara turn back toward he . Eddie rush and push she to the side as the shadow mass be just about to envelop she . and eddie be struck full - force -- he instantaneously turn to a blacken mass . SARA Eddie !! and then the wind from outside kick up , blow eddie away like so much powder . and Sara just crumple . at the other end of the attic , the shadow mass be turning back toward they . pritchett rush in -- grab SARA -- and pull she towards the small dormer window -- the cable hold the plate snap three of its last four strand -- -- pritchett push Sara through the window -- just as the cable hold the plate finally break , trapping pritchett inside ! it 's now back to near pitch - black again in there . pritchett turn to see : the face of all of vannacutt 's victims take form in the immense shadow mass -- all with that revenge - on- the-live look in they empty - socket eye . suddenly from the swirl dark center of the mass ... the flaming head of dr . richard vannacutt appear ... blasting a hot breath at pritchett , who be freaking out . pritchett I be just the contractor 's son ! I have nothing to do with you current condition ! the word seem to have little impact on the steadily approach mass of face . -- and then suddenly sunlight pour in behind he . Sara have pried the plate up with a lightning rod -- one that 's in the process of bend in two under all the weigh SARA I think if you be come , Mr. pritchett , it 's now or never . the mass of face start to creep up pritchett 's shoe . with a screech , he fling himself backwards , literally diving through the open window -- CUT to : ext . house - continuous -- as the lightning rod snap -- and the iron plate come guillotine - slamm back down -- right onto pritchett 's foot ! he scream and hysterically yank at he ankle -- -- he foot emerge safe - and -sound and whole , the shred remnant of a white sock blow in the morning sea-breeze . Sara and pritchett exchange look . they be both miss shoe . they shrug . the sunliqht warm they face . fade to black and in the darkness , we hear a familiar Voice : christopher lee ( v.o. ) the Police and coroner arrive at the House on haunted Hill at 7:30 a.m. Pacific Standard time . fade back up on : ext . " house " - morning a fleet of milling cop , paramedics , Fire official , ambulance , the work . Sara see get she leg treat . a blank - face pritchett be grill by L.A. sheriff . gurney tote very full body bag from the house . one gurney carry a half dozen vary small bag : Melissa marr , most likely . christopher lee ( v.o. ) Watson pritchett tell the Police that they need a sherman tank to get into the house . but when the first officer on the scene try the front door knob , it open without so much as a squeak . CUT to : int . house - ( newsreel footage ) - various shot -- Grand foyer -- Main salon -- basement -- corridor christopher lee ( v.o. ) and for all the horror that pritchett describe , the House be find to be utterly unexceptional and undisturbed -- even the dust still in place . we see that what he 's say be true : there 's no evidence that anything ever happen here . even the basement -- the electro-shock and saturation chamber -- appear exactly as when we first see they . even the restraint that be cut have be make whole aqain . int . limbo set - night slow pull back to Christopher Lee on the " terrify , but true ! " set , talk to we , as the footage continue to play on a screen behind he . christopher lee and not one sign of the party 's host , Steven and Evelyn price . the only person not surprised by this be Watson pritchett . on the screen behind he ext . house - morning a close - up of pritchett see , talk : pritchett they be part to the House now . that 's the way it work . back to scene christopher lee the truth will likely be never know . unless on some strange whim , you decide to spend the evening inside the House on haunted Hill . ( he smile ) good night . and walk o.s. the tv camera pan back to the projection screen . as the " terrify , but true " credit crawl , underneath they we see the old silent black & white footage we have see before : int . cerebral hygiene room ( b&w ) 1931 . the " cerebral hygiene room . " the rampaging patient huddle around a operate table . a blur of scalpel and saw as they viciously vivisect Dr. vannacutt and he nurse , cramme together on the same gurney . the image freeze as the tv show credit end . but before it fade out , we see that something have change in this footage : the two human be vivisected on that gurney be different : the Doctor in surgical scrub have Steven price 's face . his nurse be Evelyn . pritchett 's Voice hear as the image start to fade : pritchett ( v.o . ) it will not stop until it 's get every one -- the end