house of the damned ( originally title " spectre " ) write by Brendan broderick story by Victoria muspratt property of : concorde / new horizon 11600 San vicente Blvd. Los Angeles , CA 90049 ( 310) 820-6733 fourth draft October 18 , 1995 ext road - day a old foreign car on its last leg wind its way down a sunny road deep in the irish countryside - roll credit ext car - day two older char women be in the car , search apprehensively for they destination - ext road - day the car turn down a forbid road - we follow the car as it make its way down the wind , wood path - ext glen abbey manor - day the victorian manor loom on the horizon in the hazy afternoon light - the car approach and stop in front of the house - end credit the two woman get out , surveying the dark building - the first char woman open the trunk , remove a carrying tray of clean supplies - 1st char woman welcome to siberia . the second char woman take some mop out of the back seat - 2 nd char woman this be the last time I travel so far for a job . we will not get back till nightfall . 1st char woman well the pay be worth it . the two approach the front door as the first char woman take a key out of a envelope - 1st char woman not a bad place to live . I wonder how much it cost . 2 nd char woman if you have to ask , you probably can not afford it . the first char woman look at the second , then unlock the front door - int manor downstair hallway - day the two woman enter with they supplies - the house be furnish with dusty antique - 1st char woman look like we have we work cut out for we . the second char woman head toward the live room - int live room - day the second char woman enter and look around - suddenly she be startled by something that catch she eye - Pov the furniture be in disarray , chair and table on end , all in the center of the room - a circle of book stand upright surround the furniture - the first char woman approach , see the same thing - the woman approach the furniture - 2 nd char woman what 's all this ? the first char woman shake she head and head out - the second char woman begin to pick up the book - 1st char woman I will start the upstairs . the first char woman exit as the second one pick a chair up out of the pile - int master bedroom - day the first char woman enter the bedroom and look around , clearly impressed by the room and its furnishings - she put she clean supplies on the ground , and go over to the window - she look out the window for a beat , then open the window to let in some fresh air - a breeze blow in - the woman take in the country scenery outside - suddenly there be the faint sound of scratching - the char woman listen for a beat , then turn around and gasp - a large black rat face she , stare up at she with black beady eye - the char woman 's expression turn from shock to concern - 1st char woman oh Lord . repulsed by the rodent she stomp she foot , in hope it will scare it away - the rat back off - int upstair hallway - day the char woman watch as the rat scurries away - int live room - day the second char woman continue to straighten up the live room , set a chair in place in the corner - she notice a small oval painting on the wall a portrait of a woman from the 1860' - the painting stare back at she - the char woman then finish put the remain furniture in the center of the room away - int master bedroom - day the char woman spray window cleaner on the window - she wipe the window with a paper towel , apparently preoccupy until she suddenly stop wiping the window - sense something 's presence , she slowly turn around and look - the rat have return , and continue to look up at she - the char woman stare back at it with dread - the woman look around for a blunt object , settling on a poker next to the fireplace - the woman approach with the poker - the rat do not budge - hope to avoid the unpleasant task , the woman stomp she foot - nothing happen - she stomp harder - int live room - day the second char woman move some book and listen to the bang upstairs , wonder what all the commotion be - int master bedroom - day the char woman continue to stare at the rat - she stomp she foot - the rat do not move - the woman raise the poker to strike the rodent - it stare back at she - suddenly it run toward the woman - the woman scream and jolt backward , hit a end table and fall to the ground - she kick she leg furiously to avoid the rat when suddenly dozen of rat emerge from all part of the room and attack the char woman - she let out a blood curdling scream - int live room - day the second char woman spin around to hear the horrible scream , and run toward the stair - int master bedroom - day the char woman be cover by squealing rat as she furiously try to fight they off , all the time scream at the top of she lung - int upstair hallway - day the second char woman run down the hall with a panicked expression on she face - she approach the master bedroom - int master bedroom - day the char woman continue to fight off the rat - they be everywhere , tail and clawe feet and black eye and teeth that rip into she skin - soon the second char woman appear at the door and freeze in she track for a beat before run into the room - she run to embrace the first char woman curl up in a ball in the corner - there be no rat on the 1st char woman but she hallucinate that there be - the second char woman 's presence only agitate the first char woman , who fight she off frantically - 2 nd char woman Kathleen ! for God 's sake what 's wrong ! the first char woman spring to she foot , still scream - the second char woman embrace she - 2 nd char woman it 's all right it 's all right ! the first char woman struggle to come to she sense and then begin to cry uncontrollably - 2 nd char woman you be ok , everything 's ok ... what happen ? 1st char woman there be rat ... ( cry ) 2 nd char woman rat ? there be no rat ... shhhh ... the first char woman look around the room - 1st char woman rat everywhere ... the first char woman inspect she ankle which appear unharme - 2 nd char woman see ? everything 's ok ... there be not any rat . the first char woman look around the room , fight to collect herself - 1st char woman my God ... I need some air ... 2 nd char woman ok ok ... Jesus you nearly give I a - the first char woman then bolt out of the room - the second char woman watch she - 2 nd char woman Kathleen ! wait ! int upstair hallway - day the first char woman run down the hall - the second char woman come out and watch she with a look of genuine concern on she face - int foyer - day the first char woman yank the door open and run outside - int master bedroom - day the second char woman look around the room for a beat , then head out into the hallway - int foyer / staircase - day the second char woman head down the stair , notice the door be open , and start to head in that direction - something then catch she attention that freeze she in she track - she look on in horror - int live room - day the furnishings have be rearranged to they original state of disarray - paralyze with fear , the char woman take a few step back - soon there be sound of a detergent bottle rattling on the ground - the char woman turn and see it - the bottle suddenly rattles across the floor , as if kick gently by a invisible man - the woman gasp - the bottle continue to be kick around , gently at first , then the top pop off - the char woman stand freeze as the bottle sit dormant as some of the content glug glug glug out on the floor - suddenly the bottle be kicked violently - the woman cringe as she be spatter with cleanser - the bottle slam around and finally rise and - smasshhh ! slam against the wall within inch of the woman 's head - the woman frantically run out the front door - leave blow in from the outside - the woman jump into the car and hastily start it - as they do a strong gust of wind slam the door shut - we hear the car peel away - fade out CUT to ext glen abbey manor - day Pov of a video camcorder turn on - it focus on the house . it be a new day , and a midsize rental van be park out front - in front of it be a american automobile - will ( v.o. ) well , it 's move day , and we finally make it here . the camera start walk toward the house - will ( v.o. ) Glen Abbey manor , get some new tenant ... the camera turn to reveal will south , a american in he 30' , taping himself - will let I take you on a tour ... ext manor entrance - day the video camera focus on the front door - the camera approach a tarnish lion 's head knocker - we see will 's free hand knock at the door - will ( o.s. ) not bad ... just then the camera turn to show AUBREY south , a dark - haire 6 year - old girl , approach the front door carry a doll - will ( o.s. ) here come aubrey , say hi aubrey . aubrey look at the camera , then back at the house - AUBREY hi. as aubrey head in maura south , a attractive woman in she 30' , exit the house and head toward the van - will ( o.s. ) and there 's maura , do a little unpack ... maura take a box out of the back of the van - maura I could use a little help . we have to return the van soon . will ( o.s. ) ok ok ... we be just gonna head inside here ... the camera approach the front door - int live room - day the camera pan the live room , fill with a few box amid the other furniture - will ( o.s. ) this be the live room ... the camera approach the fireplace and then pan to the portrait on the wall of eliza londrigan - will ( o.s. ) here 's a picture of ... someone ... she do not look too happy . int upstair hallway - day the camera automatically adjust its light to show the upstairs hallway - will ( o.s. ) ok , this be the upstairs ... the camera then head down the hallway , toward a bedroom - will ( o.s. ) and down here be a bedroom ... let 's take a look at that - int aubrey' bedroom - night as the camera pan into the room , we see aubrey stand in the middle of it , look at she father with a blank look on she face - she doll be on the floor - will ( o.s. ) hey . aubrey say nothing , stare at will with a trance - like expression - will ( o.s. ) what be you do honey ? aubrey just stare back - will ( o.s. ) aubrey ? will then lower the camera and look at aubrey - will 's faint smile fade - will be you ok ? aubrey look at will until he touch she shoulder - AUBREY can I have this room daddy ? will sure . ( beat ) do you see the other ? AUBREY ( beat ) I want this one , daddy . will ok . ( beat ) if you want this room , you can have it . will kiss aubrey 's head , and walk out of the room - aubrey continue to look around - dissolve to ext country road - day the South 's car drive down a scenic road , lush green field and whitewash stone fence - int car - day will drive , maura sit in the passenger seat - aubrey sit in the back seat , look out the window - will well , we be not in California anymore ... ( beat ) sure be beautiful . maura seem to be concentrate on something - maura now remember we have to call someone about that replace that water heater . will yeah I will look into that tonight . maura ( beat , look out window ) I hope we have more success than we do with the clean service . will the place be pretty dusty . maura well the realtor say that be go to be take care of and it be not . I will have to call she . will who know ... ( beat ) we have to get use to live around here . maybe good help be hard to find . maura must be ... ext road - day the car drive away - dissolve to int master bedroom - day maura unpack the content of a box as will walk in with another box - will place the box down , and approach maura from behind - will well , we be officially in . will put he arm around she - she do not respond - will ( gesture ) I think the bed should face this way . what do you think ? maura say nothing - will what 's the matter ? maura will , maybe we should have separate bedroom for a while . will oh come on ... maura I just , I do not know ... will what will aubrey think ? maura aubrey know more about we than you think . maura walk away and open another box , inspect the content - will well maybe we do not need to remind she of it . she have a lot more to adjust to ... new friend , new school ... it would be good if she have a stable family environment . maura you do not think much about that before . will look , I think we be all right on this , maura . ( beat ) it 's over . you know that . maura turn and look at will - maura ( beat ) it 's just go to take a while . will whatever you say . maura walk away - maura I think I will start dinner . will watch maura leave the room - dissolve to int dine room - dusk close on a black and white photograph from the 1930 's frame on the wall : a woman in she 20' bear a resemblance to maura , pose with a man , presumably she husband - will ( o.s. ) well , I suppose I should make a toast . will , maura , and aubrey sit around a large wooden table and have dinner - will reach for he wine glass , raise it to maura and aubrey , then gesture to the picture - will to eliza londrigan , for keep this house in the family . maura raise she glass and they look at each other for a beat before clinking glass - aubrey raise she wine glass full of milk - maura to we family . will to we family . they clink glass with aubrey - maura look at the picture - maura I wish I know more about she . will do anyone in you family keep in touch with she ? maura not really . she be just one of that name you hear grow up . you know , so-and - so who life in Ireland . ( beat ) I really do not think anyone know about this place . will or what she be worth . maura give will a look - will God rest she soul . maura I do not think she will it to I out of sentiment . she do not even know who I be . it 's just ... tradition . suddenly there be the eerie sound of distant thudding , as if some heavy presence walk above they - aubrey look at she parent , then around the room - no one say anything for a beat - will do you hear something ? maura wait to hear it again - AUBREY what be it ? boom boom ... boom boom - the sound be louder - will look toward the front door - will get up and head to the front door - aubrey watch he - int foyer - dusk will walk past some box and open the door - there in the doorway stand the startling presence of father seamus , a reedy , older Catholic priest with sink eye and ashen skin - the air be foggy - will be take aback by the man , wait a beat to compose himself - will can I help you ? Father seamus slowly break into a faint smile , mirthless and creepy - seamus you must be the new tenant . will and you ...are ? seamus take he hat off - the wind blow he wisp of hair - seamus my name be Father seamus . I be from Holy rood church . will how can I help you ? at this point maura approach , aubrey behind she - seamus I come to see if everything be all right . maura and seamus make eye contact - seamus you must be a londrigan . maura yes , I be . will she 's a South now . will extend he hand - seamus shake it - will I be will South . this be maura , we daughter aubrey . this be ... Father seamus ? aubrey look at seamus with trepidation - seamus yes . I be sorry to call on you at this hour . you see , I know eliza well , and out of deference to she , I come by ... to welcome you ... and to bless this house ... will , maura and aubrey look at the priest for a beat - seamus ... at she request . she be a very religious woman . maura oh , that 's nice ... seamus ( beat ) May I come in ? will ( beat ) sure , sure ... int dine room - dusk Father seamus look around the room warily - will , aubrey and maura follow he in - Father seamus take out some holy water and sprinkle it about the room - he then cross himself and solemnly mutter a prayer , close he eye - aubrey look at will - AUBREY ( whisper ) what 's he do daddy ? will ( whisper ) he 's bless the house . AUBREY ( whisper ) why ? will for good luck honey . seamus read from he prayer book - seamus hear we , Holy Lord , and deign to send thy holy angel from heaven to guard , cherish , protect , visit , and defend all who dwell in this home . will and maura watch he - aubrey look at she parent - seamus ( o.s. ) per christum dominum nostrum . amen. seamus finish he prayer , and cross himself - as if come out of a trance , seamus turn and face the family - seamus thank you . I believe she would have want it . maura do you know she very well ? seamus look at she , then around at the room - seamus she attend the church for year . a dear woman , it be sad to see she decline so rapidly . maura it be a shame . seamus ( nod ) in she later year she would often get very disorient be alone here . she would call I , and I would come by . will what be she afraid of ? seamus well , I believe she mind be play trick on she , God rest she soul . she would hear thing , see thing ... maura well it 's nice that you be there for she . seamus I take pity on the poor woman . this house be too big for one person to live alone in ... seamus look at aubrey - seamus it need to be fill with the laughter of child ... right ? aubrey look up at the priest - AUBREY do you grow up in Ireland mister ? will that 's father , aubrey . seamus well yes I do . live here my whole life . AUBREY ( beat ) do you ever see a leprechaun ? seamus ( beat , smile ) a leprechaun ? well , let I tell you . they have be know to roam the land , and like it very much when you leave a bowl of milk out for they during the night . aubrey look at maura - AUBREY can we leave out a bowl of milk , mommy ? maura sure . aubrey head toward the kitchen - seamus watch aubrey head off , then smile back at will and maura - will do you have dinner , father ? we have plenty . seamus well thank you for the offer , ( beat ) but I really have to go . ext manor - dusk the front door open and Father seamus step out - seamus then turn and look at they earnestly - seamus I hope everything work out for you , and you find happiness in you new home . will thank you . seamus perhaps I will see you in church . will and maura look at each other then at the priest - maura uh , we be not really practice Catholic ... Father seamus smile politely - seamus well there 's no time like the present . ( beat ) good night . will good night . maura good night . Father seamus head away from the house , into the fog - will and maura watch he leave as they close the door - int foyer - dusk will and maura look at each other - will well that be strange . aubrey then emerge with a bowl of milk - maura ah , he 's a nice man . who know , maybe he miss she . aubrey put the bowl of milk down outside the front door and look at will and maura - AUBREY for the leprechaun . will gently lead she back inside - will for the leprechaun . will close the front door - dissolve to ext manor - night cricket chirp - light be on in the upper floor only - int study - night will begin to set up he video equipment , connect the vcr cable to the television - he take the vhs cassette from the camcorder and place it the vcr and rewind it - int master bedroom / bathroom - night maura be in she bathrobe take the last three heavy hardcover book out of a box - she place the book on the edge of the bed , and tear the box so it 's flat - she put the box on a pile of other flatten box and pick up a final box , label bathroom - she head into the bathroom - int study - night will rewind the tape with the remote , and hit play - we hear no sound but will seem concerned with what 's on the screen - int bathroom - night maura continue to put various jar of medicine away on shelf in the bathroom - as she do she hear a brief but distinctive sound of a human voice whisper something unintelligible - she listen - a beat of silence , then - three loud thud come from the bedroom , jolting maura - she turn - int master bedroom / bathroom - night maura slowly poke she head out the door - she then look down on the ground with a troubled look - she walk into the bedroom - we see she crouch down to pick up the three book , which have be flung across the room and lie open and askew on the floor - she pick they up and look around the room - suddenly something dawns on she - she expression change , and she smile faintly - int study - night will look at the screen with a troubled look on he face - maura come in with a faint smile - will do not acknowledge she , continue to stare at the screen - maura be you play trick on I ? will ( beat ) what ? maura it 's not go to work . I be too smart for you . maura then look at the screen as will remote the volume - maura what be you watch ? maura approach - will it 's the video I make ... Pov the screen show the house tour , but the image be grotesquely distorted , and guttural , twisted sound of suffer and scream intersperse with the static - maura and will stare at it in shock , listen for a beat - maura what the hell be that ? will I do not know . that 's strange . will fast - forward and play it , but it be more of the same throughout - will I be sure this be a blank tape . I must have screw up . ( beat ) damn it . what be all this ? maura look at will - maura be you just upstairs ? will look at the screen - will no . why ? maura think about it for a beat - maura you do not come in and knock over some book ? will look at maura for a beat then back at the screen - will no. maybe it be aubrey . maura she 's asleep . ( beat ) I think that 's what I need , too . I be start to see thing . will yeah , well I will be join you shortly . I just want to ... will fast forward some more - will ... set up some more thing . maura ok . maura look at the screen for a beat , then head down the hall - will continue to look at the screen with a concerned expression - close on the screen as the distort image and sound play - dissolve to ext glen abbey manor - front door - day aubrey open the front door - she look down at the bowl from the previous night and pick it up - the bowl be empty - aubrey smile - just then she look up , appear somewhat startle - a large burly plumber stand and face she - aubrey say nothing - plumber hello there little girl . AUBREY hello . plumber ( beat ) be you parent in ? aubrey turn and look inside - AUBREY ( loud ) daddy ! there 's a man out here ! the man look around , feel a little uncomfortable - will approach the door - plumber I be here with the new heater . will open the door and step back - will oh , great , c'mon in . int downstair hallway - day will , aubrey and the plumber enter the hallway - aubrey lift the bowl to show will - AUBREY look daddy ! it 's empty ! will that 's great , honey . aubrey look at the plumber - AUBREY the leprechaun drank it last night ! the irish plumber look at aubrey - plumber uh huh. ( to will ) before I bring it in I will take the old one . will head toward the cellar - will ok . it 's down here in the cellar if you want to follow I . int cellar - day the camera pan the staircase to show will and the plumber in the dark , damp cellar , stand by the old water heater - will thanks for come by . you be the fourth guy I have to call ! the plumber shut the water off from the old heater - plumber well you call the right man . this new heater 's a great deal if I do say so meself . the plumber look at will as he dismantle the old heater - plumber fifty gallon capacity , r-foam insulation , low w.c. manifold and a radial flame spreader ! will look at he , fail to make the connection - plumber for lower N.O. emission . will oh , right . the plumber begin to dismantle to old heater - int upstair hallway - day maura carry a full laundry basket down the hall , pass aubrey who sit on the floor of she room play with she doll - AUBREY mommy , the leprechaun drank the milk last night . maura well I bet you they be happy . maura open up some cabinet and begin to put away some fold towel onto some shelf - AUBREY ( o.s. ) can I do it again tonight ? maura we will have every leprechaun in Ireland here honey . int aubrey' bedroom - day aubrey have several doll face she in a semi-circle , some old , some new - she comb the hair on one doll , a porcelain one - aubrey pick up one doll which have a cord on its neck - aubrey pull the string - doll ( v.o. ) hi , what 's you name ? int cellar - day have disconnect the heater , the plumber prepare to remove it - will approach he - will you want a hand with that ? plumber sure . the two man begin to wrench the rusted heater free - they pull and pull until the heater begin to slide off the foundation - soon it be remove - plumber back 's rusted all to hell . the plumber head upstairs as will wipe he hand - something then catch he attention - will crouch down , inspect the mildew wall - as he smear away the dirt , he reveal a ancient bronze amulet adorn with cryptic symbol , six inch in diameter , nail to the wall - intrigue , will stare at it for a beat - will what 's this ? will begin to loosen it - int upstair hallway - day maura continue to put away the laundry when suddenly the light begin to flicker - maura look around - the light go out for a beat , then back on - and then smash ! a light bulb explode - startle , maura look around , then head downstairs - int aubrey' bedroom - day aubrey look at the doll , whose face smile yet have a eerie quality to it - aubrey pull the string again - doll ( v.o. ) hi . what 's you name ? aubrey look at the doll - AUBREY aubrey ... aubrey pull on the string again - doll ( v.o. ) do you want to play ... aubrey ? aubrey stare at the doll as if be draw in by some force - the doll stare up at she - int downstair hallway - day will head up the stair inspect the amulet as maura approach he - will the heater 's here . maura be you fool with the power ? will no . maura do not you just see the power go off and on ? I just have a bulb break on I ! will look at maura - will no . I do not know . ( beat ) look at this . maura notice the amulet - maura what be it ? will it be in the cellar . ( beat ) weird . maura well something just happen to the power upstairs ... maura head off and shake she head , troubled by the event - will continue to smear the dirt off the amulet - int upstair hallway - day maura walk up the stair - she then look ahead and gasp in fright - Pov - all the cabinet door be wide OPEN - towel be all over the floor - maura slowly approach the open door with grow impatience - int aubrey' bedroom - day maura poke she head in - maura aubrey , do you do this ? aubrey hold the doll , and shake she head no - maura ( angry ) do not play game with I , little girl . AUBREY I do not do anything , mommy . maura well then who do ?! AUBREY maybe it be colleen ... maura who ... be colleen ? aubrey look at maura for a beat , then hold up the doll , and smile - dissolve to int study - night the clean - off amulet be propped on a shelf - the sound of a run shower can be hear in the background - pan to see will in he pajama bottom , sit in front of a computer - he lean back in he chair and stare at the screen - he rub he chin with one hand , type in random command with the other - he wait for a beat , shake he head - int bathroom - night maura be in the shower - she lean against the wall , let the hot water cascade over she head and down she bare , expose breast - int study - night will hit another command , then lift the keyboard , inspect it , put it down - will God damn it ... pan to show the computer screen - will try to run a virus check program - he hit enter - there be a pause - the screen be fill with a flurry of gibberish - the computer beep uncontrollably - will what the hell be wrong with this thing ? will turn the computer off , stand up , sigh - int bathroom - night maura turn the water off - she pick up a towel and begin to dry off - suddenly she hear the clear SOUND of a woman 's voice abrubtly say something in gaelic - maura gasp and spin around - no one be there - drip with water , maura look around , clearly troubled by what she hear - int master bedroom - night maura open the bedroom door and walk into the bedroom - will approach she as she dry she hair - will I tell you everything seem to have break in the move . now the computer 's screw up . maura just stare at he for a beat , then head over to the mirror and dry she hair - will approach she , kiss she neck - will mmmm .... I love you right out of the shower ... will begin to gently remove the towel - maura resist - she then walk away from he and take a nightgown out of a dresser - will watch she - will what 's the matter , maura ? maura drop the towel and put on the nightgown - maura I do not know ... she then turn and face will - maura some strange thing have be go on around here . very strange thing . will look at she for a beat , have misread she reluctant behavior - maura ( beat ) weird sound , thing move , light go off . ( beat ) the videotape ... will so what be you say ? maura ( beat ) I do not know what I be say . maura laugh faintly then turn and look at will earnestly - maura but do you agree with I ? will yeah , I would say some weird thing have happen . maura well what do you think it be ? will look at maura for a beat - will well , I try to keep a open mind , but ... maura maybe eliza be not so crazy after all . will there 's get to be a explanation . it could be a magnetic flux or something , maybe the power line be give off something . who know ? ( beat ) I do not know , I think it 's kind of interesting . maura well what power line , will ? where ? ( beat ) maybe we should call someone about it . will who ? maura I do not know . someone who ... know about this kind of stuff . will oh come on ! maura what about keep a open mind ? will just because I have a open mind do not mean I be go to pay some snake oil peddler to come in and shake a voodoo stick around the house . maura voodoo stick ? it 's nothing like that will . you be just be cynical . will I be be realistic . look , I have a spiritual side . ( beat ) I mean , we have a priest come in and bless the house . that should count for something . suddenly the air be pierce with crashing and scream - it be aubrey - maura jump out of bed and rush toward aubrey 's room - will follow she - int aubrey' bedroom - night maura burst the door open - they see aubrey but not what she 's scream at - then suddenly a strange black creature leap in front of they across the dark room and rapidly disappear as it pass through the wide open window - aubrey run to she mother grab she for dear life - the curtain blow frantically - AUBREY it be a monster ! it be a monster ! will rush down the hall , rip open a drawer - maura oh my God - will ! will grab a flashlight - as he do he see something in the study - int study - night Pov the computer screen be fully lit up with number and letter rapidly flash across the screen - maura pick up a hysterical aubrey and bring she into they bedroom - maura shh shh shh ! int foyer - night will run down the stair and yank the door open - ext manor - night will run around the corner of the house , point the flashlight in all direction - int master bedroom - night aubrey cower on the bed , hysterical - AUBREY it 's go to hurt we ! maura no it will not - no it will not ! maura frantically pull a skeleton key out of the door - int upstair hallway - night maura slam the door to aubrey 's bedroom shut and lock it , fumble with the key - ext glen abbey manor - night will make he way around the other side of the house - we can see he breath in the cold , damp air as he point the flashlight around - Pov we see the surround in the dark of night - the flashlight beam run into distant tree and scenery , but nothing move - slightly out of breath , will stand alone in the darkness , as the wind blow around he - dissolve to ext commercial neighborhood - day establish the neighborhood of a quaint irish town , with people walk the street amid shop and office - will and maura approach the front of a building - maura check a piece of paper with the corresponding address - she look at the building , then at will - maura this be it . will look at maura for a beat , then together the two of they head in - dissolve to insert door in hallway - day we see a sign on a doorway - it read : dr . edward shea psychic / spiritual advisor shea ( o.s. ) do it harm either one of you ? or you daughter ? int shea' office - day close on a hand pull a cigarette out of a package on a desk - maura ( o.s. ) ( softly ) no. we see edward shea , a eccentric-look man in he 40' as he light the cigarette - behind he be various occult and spiritual item on shelf and on the wall - shea do it leave any track , or footprint of any kind ? will ( o.s. ) no. nothing . a haggard - look will and maura face Shea - will it just disappear . literally . maura ( beat ) I be sure this sound crazy to you . shea not at all . I be just try to put together all the evidence , to determine what it could possibly be . maura well that 's what we be here for . I mean - maura laugh faintly , then become serious again - maura we do not know . shea I could see if I detect the presence of something . will what do you have , some kind of meter or something like that ? Shea look at he - shea no . but I be a clairvoyant . I can sometimes talk to unhappy spirit inhabit a certain place . will oh . maura well what would you do , in we case ? shea well it all depend on how much money you want to spend . ( beat ) a standard visit would run you about fifty pound . that would include myself and a assistant . will and what would you do ? shea well , we could bring in special equipment , monitor , sound device , thing like that . maura look at will - maura I think we should do it . shea we be usually successful in detect the source of most problem . ( beat ) unfortunately . maura what do you mean , unfortunately ? shea we usually find nothing . we have debunk many a report haunt . about ninety five percent of the case have some technical explanation . maura what about the other five percent ? Shea look at the two of they - shea well ... it 's that five percent that keep we interested ... int live room - day we see amy wolfe , a very attractive historian in she 30' , take snapshot of the house with a digital camera - around she neck be other sophisticated device include a digital thermometer - Amy turn and look at will - amy they do not build they like this anymore . will suppose not . we then see will and Amy follow Shea and maura toward the stair - shea where be you daughter ? she might be able to give we some information . maura she 's at school . we have try not to upset she more than she 's be . the group begin to head upstairs - shea that 's understandable . but sometimes spirit prefer to communicate with child . innocence , perhaps . int upstair hallway - day Shea lead the group up the stair - shea I feel something . it 's faint , but ... it 's there ... amy you say you see some activity here ? maura yes . all this cabinet open by themselves . amy do you see they open ? maura uh , no , but - amy see the key to this type of thing be to see it as it happen - empirical observation be the best way to come to a conclusion as to cause . maura nod - Amy run a electrical sensor up and down the cabinet - she turn to maura - amy I be get nothing here . ext road - day a school bus pull up - aubrey get out , wave to the driver , and run toward she house - int upstair hallway - day Amy follow she meter toward the door of aubrey 's bedroom - Shea concentrate , as if pick up some kind of vibe - shea I be feel something , but it seem as if it 's ... move ... Amy pause , try to open the door , but it 's lock - maura approach with a key and unlock it - maura this use to be aubrey 's room . ( beat ) she stay with we now . int aubrey' bedroom - day Amy , Shea , will and maura enter the room - as they do - the window then creak and open outward - Amy pull out a digital thermometer and walk around the room - he wave the thermometer at different in the room - Shea begin to concentrate , close he eye - soon it be apparent that he enter some type of trance - int aubrey' bedroom - night Pov of what Shea envision : the room be bath in candlelight - in the center of the room be a large canopy bed , whose curtain blow gently in the wind - as we approach the bed we see a voluptuous woman in a sheer nightgown roll over in she sleep - int aubrey' bedroom - day close on Shea as he open he eye and stare forward , lose in a deep hallucination - int aubrey' bedroom - night Shea 's Pov - pan down from the sleep woman we see the floor and the antique rug - then slowly a male hand enter the floor presumably belong to someone lie on the floor - after a beat it drag itself forward - as it do we soon see it be severe below the wrist - it continue to claw forward - int aubrey' room - day Amy wave the thermometer around - will and maura watch Amy as she walk around the room - ext glen abbey manor - day aubrey head toward the house - we see the BOWL on the stoop , but not its content - int aubrey' bedroom - day Amy stop walk , examine the thermometer - she frown and wave the thermometer back and forth through a foot - wide patch of air - will and maura approach she , see that the temperature drop dramatically , but only in that give spot - close on Shea , deeply entrance and motionless - int aubrey' bedroom - night Shea 's Pov - we approach the sleep woman as she roll onto she back - as we get closer to the upper portion of she body we see she stir - she slowly open she eye , look down - she eye widen - the hand be on her stomach - she scream in horror and leap out of the bed as the hand tear the nightgown off she body - as she recoil the hand clench tightly around she throat in a chokehold - she struggle in vain - int aubrey' bedroom - day will and maura look at the thermometer with Amy - thing - then , as if the spell have break for Shea he collapse back against the wall - the other approach he as will help he get he balance - will whoa there ... maura be you ok ? amy what happen ? Shea feel he head , frighten and disorient - shea I do not know ... my God ... ext glen abbey manor - day aubrey look down at the content of the bowl with a concerned expression - a red swirl begin to form in the milk - aubrey 's eye widen as she inspect the bowl - then suddenly - the bloody milk spatter aubrey 's face - she scream - int aubrey' bedroom - day will and maura hear the scream and run down the stair , follow by the other - int foyer - day will run to the door and open it - a bloodstain aubrey grab she mother - will and maura look in the bowl - the bowl be fill with blacken , discolor blood - dissolve to int live room - day will and maura sit on a couch , aubrey sit on maura 's lap as she mother clean off she face - Shea inspect the blood in the bowl with a medical - look probe - shea look like we have some animal hair in here . maybe some kind of a rodent . will so be that what all this be ? someone have a problem with we live here ? shea not someone . something . I have never feel a presence that strong before . maura ok , so we have a ... presence . what do we do about it ? shea if we have a troubled spirit here , we have to find out why it 's troubled . Amy be online on she portable computer - soon she portable fax begin to spit out document , town record , and listing of resident - amy town record be come up now . will what will they tell you ? amy I will be able to do a search , to find out who live here previously . ( beat ) and who die here . Amy keep type at the computer - amy we know the house be build in 1863 . you family , the londrigan , first establish residence after the first world war , so ... we have a unknown window , 1863 to 1919 . Shea concentrate for a beat , then - shea do you have any other physical evidence , that we can look at ? will not really . ( beat ) oh , wait a minute . will stand up - will I think I do . close on the amulet - Shea examine it with a magnifying glass - shea where do you find this ? will it be nail to the cellar wall . shea I see some faint lettering . it appear to be the ... runic alphabet ? will runic ? shea I be not sure , but I can check . ( beat ) do the event start before or after you discover this ? maura before . shea do you mind if I borrow it ? will not at all , if it can help . amy ( look at computer ) damn it . shea what 's the matter ? amy this record only go back to 1880 . but ... ( beat ) ... wait a minute ... will , maura and Shea approach Amy at she computer - shea do you find something ? amy I do a cross search , death certificate with this address . James and marion Foster . they have a daughter . right here , it say James die , 1882 , pneumonia . marion die September the next year . suicide . will suicide ? how ? amy it do not say . ( scan the screen ) but that 's not what interest I . ( beat ) there 's no death certificate for the daughter . anywhere . shea what be she name ? amy colleen . maura colleen ... maura turn and look over at aubrey - aubrey look back at she - maura approach she - maura honey , be not you friend 's name colleen ? AUBREY yes . Shea approach maura and aubrey - maura can you talk to she ? AUBREY she talk to I . will approach - will what be you talk about ? maura she have a ... friend . colleen . will a friend ? maura ( to will ) you , a imaginary friend . that 's what she call she . Shea crouch down to talk to she - shea what do colleen say to you ? the other listen - aubrey stare at Shea - AUBREY she say she 's lonely ... shea where be she ? AUBREY ( beat ) she 's here . shea where be she now ? AUBREY she 's hide . will look at maura - shea can you take I to she ? aubrey then seem to fall into a hypnotic spell - AUBREY ( beat ) she 's down ... maura she 's down ... how do you mean honey ? shea do you mean she 's sad ? AUBREY she 's down . help she ... shea take I to she . aubrey look at Shea for a beat , then slowly shake she head - shea ok ...ok ... Shea stand up , and look at will and maura - shea well , maybe we be get somewhere . just then Amy realize something - amy wait a minute . she 's down ... ( beat ) where do you find that medal again ? will look at Amy - will in the cellar . Amy then look at Shea - int cellar - day aubrey and Shea descend the staircase - will , maura and Amy follow - Shea stand in the center of the room - he close he eye , concentrate for a beat - shea colleen ... colleen ... the other watch he - will and maura look at each other - shea we want to help you ... can you talk to I ? there be no response - Amy test the room with she electrical device - shea if you be lonely you can talk to we ... colleen ... aubrey then start to walk toward the other side of the room - no one pay much notice - shea colleen ... can you tell I where you be ... will do a double - take towards the other side of the room - aubrey stand in front of the wall - slowly she raise she hand and place it up against the wall - will gesture to maura , who see aubrey - maura aubrey ? Shea then look over to aubrey - aubrey have both hand against the wall - Shea and the other slowly approach - Shea slowly put he hand against the wall - aubrey back off as Shea close he eye , concentrate - the other watch - suddenly Shea back up and open he eye - shea there 's something in there . will what ? shea there 's something through that wall ! will well what be it ! shea I do not know ! trust what I be say , we have to open this wall ! int cellar - night Shea and will continue bash away at the wall , knock away chunks of concrete - Shea see something - gesture to will to stop hammer - shea oh my God ... will then see something - he step back - the other gather around , and look in horror at what they find - Pov a girl skeleton in a decaye victorian dress , lie in a pile , clearly mutilate : disjoint , break bone and shattered skull - shea ( o.s. ) colleen ... dissolve to ext holy rood church - day will , maura , aubrey , Shea and Amy join Father seamus around a fresh grave on the hillside - the sky be gray - seamus administer last rite in Latin - the other solemnly listen - seamus then cross himself , and close he prayer book - seamus May you find the peace you have seek in vain for so long . amy that poor little girl . shea so many unanswer question . why be she bury there . and who kill she ? amy it might have be she mother . shea we do not have proof of that . amy the style of dress on the girl ... it coincide with the era marion Foster kill herself . ( beat ) who else could have go in there and do something like that ? will look down at the grave , then at the other - will we will never know for sure . seamus hopefully the whole sad chapter be over . and everyone , include you family , will find peace . will I just want to ... thank all of you , for everything you have do for we . maura yes . we would like to have you over for dinner . give a sense of closure to the whole thing . you too , father . seamus look at will and maura - will yes . it would mean a lot to both of we . the father consider for a beat , then smile - the group then slowly head off down the hill , storm cloud brewing in the distance - dissolve to ext glen abbey manor - night the rain fall hard - distant thunder can be hear - int live room - night close on maura hand Shea a glass of whiskey - shea you have do you homework , Mrs. South . maura maura . shea maura . maura yeah , they tell we this be the best . Shea nurse he glass - shea there 's nothing like a nice single malt to warm the bone . maura give a glass to seamus - maura Father . seamus take the glass - seamus one good drink before dinner . he raise he glass - seamus here 's mud in you eye . the man take sip of they whiskey - maura then turn and look in the direction of the dining room - int dine room - night will set the table - Amy approach - amy do you need help with anything ? will and Amy look at each other for a beat - will oh no , thank you . everything 's pretty much under control . Amy look around the dining room - amy I have to admit you really have a beautiful home . will thank you . if you tell I two year ago we would be live here , I would never have believe it . ( beat ) do you live around here ? amy no , I live about in wexford . it 's about a five hour drive . will how do you meet Dr. Shea ? amy there be a series of lecture about parapsychology at my university . I go and hear he speak , and become fascinate with the idea of hunt ghost . will I have to admit I be skeptical . ( beat ) until now . amy so be I . the usual investigation turn up nothing more time than not . will well , I guess this whole thing be as strange for you as it be for we . amy yes . it be . will and Amy look at each other for a beat - there be a underlying attraction between the two of they - just then maura enter the room - maura how be we do ? will I think everything 's ready . maura good . I will start bring thing in . maura look at will and Amy , then head into the kitchen - int upstair hallway - night aubrey wear she bathrobe and look around the hallway before enter she room - int aubrey' bedroom - night aubrey enter the room , look around - she see she doll , look at she - she sit on she bed - the storm rage outside - she look out the window apprehensively - maura ( o.s. ) aubrey , come on down and have some dinner ! AUBREY ok ... aubrey look around the room - AUBREY colleen ? there be no response - AUBREY colleen , be you there ? int dine room - night Amy , Shea , seamus and will sit down at the table - maura come in with the turkey - shea I be hungry enough to eat a horse . maura you will have to settle for turkey . amy it look delicious ... will ( to Amy ) why do not you pass I you plate ? Amy pass she plate to will , who put it near maura - maura proceed to carve the turkey - maura will , will you call aubrey again ? will get up and head toward the stair offscreen - will aubrey ! come on down . int aubrey' bedroom - night aubrey stare at something with a hypnotize expression , as if she want to scream but can not - we see what she be stare at - the ghostly apparition of marion , the woman in the painting - it stare back at aubrey with ashen skin and sink cheek - the two stand and stare at one another - marion take a few step closer , ever so slowly - slowly , she offer aubrey she hand - aubrey take a few step back , shiver and mute with terror - int dine room - night maura continue to carve the turkey - maura be white meat all right for you , Mr. Shea ? shea White meat will be fine ... maura suddenly seem to be have difficulty carve through the turkey - will look at she - int aubrey' bedroom - night aubrey back into the wall - marion stare at aubrey for a beat , then lunge at she , bear she tooth - close on marion 's icy hand as it violently grab aubrey 's arm - int dine room - night as maura carve , the turkey split OPEN spurting maura with blood - she scream and drop the knife as blood spatter the other - ext manor - night a tremendous bolt of lightning smashes the house - int dine room - night everyone cower as the house go dark and plate and glass be swept off the table , smash against the wall - Father seamus be blasted backward , slamm he head against the wall and fall unconscious - strange noise begin to emanate from the house , agonize moan and scream of suffer - thing continue to fly around the room - will cover maura as they struggle to get they bear - the window hurl themselves open as the furious wind send thing blow about the room - int foyer - night in the deafen chaos Shea fumble in the dark through he equipment until he find a powerful flashlight - he tremble hand fumble to get it to light - and just then there be a flash of lightning - Shea look up to see the shadow of the black creature leer at he for a split second and then smash - the window burst into a million piece - Shea crash back against the wall scream , he face bloody with shard of glass - int live room - night Amy dive for cover under a desk as the house shake - she see Father seamus lie there , unconscious , and crawl over to he - light rapidly go on and off , bulb explode - object continue to fly around - the moan persist - maura and will look up - maura ( frantic ) aubrey ... aubrey ! maura get up and run toward aubrey 's room - will follow she - Shea stagger to he foot , and bolt toward the front door - kneel over seamus , Amy turn to see Shea flee - amy Shea ! Shea ! just then a knife from the dinner table fly across the room - it slashes Amy 's arm - she scream and fall backwards - ext manor - night Shea flee the house , trip and fall through the mud and the rain toward he car - int upstair hallway - night maura rush to aubrey 's close door and struggle with the knob - maura oh my God aubrey !!!! she fight furiously to open the door - will push she aside and begin to smash the door with he shoulder - the door do not budge - ext road - night Shea 's car violently swerve around a corner as he frantically attempt to flee the scene - int shea' car - night bloodie and soak , Shea struggle to navigate - he see something up ahead - Pov it be the ghostly white apparition of marion stand in the middle of the road as Shea rapidly approach - Shea slam on the brake - ext road - night Shea 's car spin violently as it pass through the apparition - the violently out - of-control vehicle spin and - smashes head on into a tree , kill Shea instantly - we see Shea 's bloody , mangle body , pin inside the vehicle on the desolate road - int upstair hallway - night will stand back and smashes the door with he foot - he do it again and again until finally the door start to give - int aubrey' bedroom - night a dresser block will from get in , which he furiously shove out of he way - will aubrey ! will and maura rush into the room - aubrey be nowhere to be find - maura oh my God where be she ! maura she 's go ! will aubrey ?! aubrey ?! int downstair hallway - night Amy find a BOX of candle in a hallway closet - she light one up with tremble hand then put she free hand over the cut on she arm - ext glen abbey manor - night maura and will rush outside in the rain - will aubrey ! maura aubrey ! int live room - night will and maura rush in as Amy come in with a candle - amy do you find she ?! will no ! maura the cellar ! will and maura rush toward the direction of the cellar - int downstair hallway - night will rush over to the cellar door - he rip it open - maura and will be meet with a blind wall of swirl light and color - Amy watch on in horror , light reflect off of they - Father seamus come to , get he bearing - will and maura stare at the light as a low strange demonic voice mutter something indecipherable - then - wham ! will and maura be blow back off they foot as the cellar door slam shut - will come to he sense and charge the door again - this time it do not budge - he slam it again and again and again - will aubrey ! aubrey ! maura ( hysterical ) my God what be it ? strange sound continue to emanate from the house - beam of light emit through the crack of the cellar door - out of breath and drench in sweat will look at maura then around the house - will this be not happen ... seamus ( o.s. ) the amulet ... will turn in the direction of seamus - int live room - night will enter with maura - Amy look at seamus , who stand up - seamus ... where be it ? shea what ? seamus where have you put the amulet ? will approach seamus - will what ... amulet ? seamus do you remove anything in the cellar ! will yes ... ( beat ) how do you know about that ? seamus look at will for a beat - seamus I be the one who put it there . will say nothing - seamus you daughter 's be take . maura what ! seamus look at all of they with a grave expression - seamus I say nothing before , for fear you would not believe I . ( beat ) I have be here before to cast evil from this house . the amulet be a guard against evil , bless in countless ritual . it be a ancient ceremony of the early Catholic church , a ceremony whose secret be all but lose . will so what do that have to do with aubrey ! where be she ! seamus we must return it , if you want you daughter back . will what be you get at ! seamus I say nothing before , for fear you would not believe I . ( beat ) I have exorcise force from this house . eliza know , she be there . it want another soul , the one we have take away . we must weaken it ! seamus approach will and maura - seamus aubrey may be in grave danger ! where be the amulet ! Amy rush over to a bag contain Shea 's equipment - she open the bag and pull out the amulet - Amy approach seamus and hand he the amulet - seamus take it , look to maura - seamus I be go to need a hammer , some nail , a candle and a pin . will head off to get the item - seamus look at maura - seamus I be go to need some other thing . some pearl , and onyx . maura begin to head off but look at seamus in hesitation - maura I do not have any onyx . Amy take off she ring - amy I do . close on a piece of paper - the onyx stone drop to the paper - seamus proceed to smash the onyx , crush it , as maura hand he some pearl earring - will and Amy watch as seamus then put the pearl and onyx on a piece of paper and begin to smash they up - amy where do this amulet come from ? seamus it 's origin be unknown . the symbol do correspond to a dagger I acquire many year ago . seamus turn and look at Amy and will - seamus the dagger be use to free that possess if stab directly into the heart , accord to ancient belief - amy by kill they ? seamus by freeing they . amy I do not understand . seamus the knife destroy the evil and save the soul of the possess . Shea watch seamus mix the ingredient - amy what do this ingredient mean ? seamus ( trance - like ) Pearl , be the twilight , the divinity ... onyx be the sickle , death ... seamus take the amulet and nail it to the wall - seamus then take the crush ingredient and pour they into the top of a large candle fill with liquid wax ... seamus as I say , only fragment of ritual exist . of what I know , this be the procedure . it seem to have suppress the force of evil , if not remove they altogether ... seamus then look at Amy and maura - seamus I be go to need some blood . it must be from a woman . maura why ? seamus the blood of a woman be birth , life . it be part of the ceremony . seamus offer up the pin - maura wait a beat , then take it - will how long will it take ! seamus it will not take long ... maura take the pin and prick she finger - she wince as the blood rise - maura head over to the candle - let the blood drip out into the wax - just then wham ! the front door fly open and a strong wind blow the candle out , immersing the group in darkness - will light the candle again - seamus then approach the amulet on the wall and pour the drip content over the amulet - the house be rattled by loud thumping and scream - seamus put the candle down and address will and maura - seamus now you must listen to I . this force be like a parasite , or a virus . it feed on doubt , suspicion , discord ... you must clear you mind as we reach out for she . maura so what should we do , father ? seamus look at maura - seamus you have to lead she out . ( to will ) come over here ... Amy watch as will approach - seamus take maura 's hand and place it on will 's - he then look at will - seamus talk to she , and remove she fear ... only she can cross over . maura and will hesitate - seamus go ahead . I believe right now she may hear you . maura ( beat ) aubrey ? it 's mommy . the group wait - maura aubrey ? can you hear I ! then , over the twisted , distort sound , almost imperceptibly - AUBREY ( v.o. ) help I ! please !!! shea my God , I hear something ! will we be here aubrey ! look , do not be afraid . we want you to come back to we ... AUBREY ( v.0 . ) it 's dark ! I can not breathe ! maura do not be afraid of it honey . it 's just like a bad dream . listen to we ... suddenly the light flicker - the telephone fly off the desk - seamus keep talk ! will it can not hurt you if you be not afraid aubrey . think about we . we be here for you , we love you ... odd thumping and slamm rattle through the house - seamus look around , as do Amy - AUBREY ( o.s. ) I can not move ! will fight it back aubrey . fight it back as hard as you can ! the light flicker - there be no reply - maura aubrey be you still there ! soon thing begin to fly across the room - seamus look directly at maura - seamus concentrate ! she can hear you ! maura come back to we honey , do not be afraid ! the window fly open - wind blow through the room - then , much louder and clearer than before - AUBREY ( v.o. ) mommy please help I ! will do not be afraid ! AUBREY ( v.o. ) daddy , please !!! seamus look at maura - seamus she 's come back . keep talk ! maura come back to we honey ! the noise in the house get louder - everyone look around - and then suddenly - all noise cease - then a loud crash in the hallway - everyone look at everyone else - then , from somewhere in the house , the mute but distinct sound of aubrey scream - AUBREY ( v.o. ) help !! will and maura realize its from the cellar - they run toward it - int downstair hallway - night the cellar door hang askew - will and maura head down the stair - int cellar - night will approach the scream - it come from behind the wall , the same patch - up spot where colleen be discover - Amy head down the stair with a candle - seamus watch at the top of the stair - will feel the wall in horror - will oh my God ! she 's in there ! AUBREY daddy help ! maura look at will with a panicked expression as will lift up a sledge hammer - will all right aubrey look out ! be careful ! will then proceed to smash away at the freshly cement wall with all he might - maura and Amy watch as will begin to shatter the cement - he clear some away - crouch down - suddenly aubrey 's dirty , scratch arm poke out through the hole - AUBREY daddy ! maura begin to cry as will grab aubrey hand for a beat - will it 's all right baby , just stay back ! cover you eye ! will continue to smash away the concrete - as he yank the final piece away - aubrey jump out , hugging will for dear life - AUBREY daddy I be scared ! maura hug will and aubrey , cry and kissing aubrey 's face - maura my angel ! AUBREY I be scared ! will it 's all right ... it 's all right . shhh ... Amy look on with a haggard expression and let out a deep sigh of exhaustion - Father seamus watch the action from the top of the stair - dissolve to ext manor - dawn establish - the rain have slowed to a drizzle - int foyer - dawn will pick up a chair and put it in place - most of the furniture be back in place - Father seamus walk over to the front door and open it - will approach he - seamus and will look outside - will the rain be let up . seamus yes it be . will and seamus look at each other - will ( beat ) I do not know what happen ... and I do not know what you do ... seamus I do not do anything ... God save she ... will what 's go to happen ? seamus I wish I have a answer . ( beat ) evil be powerful , more so every day it seem . but I believe the worst for you and for this house be behind we . the two man look at each other - will well , I want to thank you . seamus nod - seamus take care of the girl . ( beat ) take care of you family . they be important . will yes , they be . seamus look at will - seamus well , you know where to reach I . the church be a stone 's throw away if you want to come to mass . will we will be there . seamus nod at will - the two man look at each other for a beat , then seamus walk away into the mist - will watch he , and close the door - int live room - dawn maura sit on the couch , hugging aubrey - there be a distant expression in maura 's eye , and she look exhaust to the point of unhealthy - a ashen - face Amy collect some of she equipment - a makeshift bandage be tie around she arm - will approach Amy - will be you all right ? amy a few year older , perhaps . will how 's you arm ? the two look at each other for a beat - amy it will heal . will I be sorry . amy there 's no need to be . Amy close she bag - amy well I suppose I should go . Amy look at maura and aubrey - maura look at she - amy good-bye . ( beat ) good luck . maura nod , and Amy follow will toward the front door - aubrey look at maura - AUBREY be we leave mommy ? maura yes , we will be leave soon . maura look in the direction of Amy - int foyer - day Amy approach will - the two look each other in the eye - will you sure you be ok ? Amy look at will for a beat , then nod - amy I guess I should be ask you that . maura stare at will and Amy as she stroke aubrey 's hair - Amy then extend she hand - will grab it - amy good-bye . will good-bye . choke up with emotion , Amy hug will - maura watch this - Amy then rush off - ext glen abbey manor - day Amy get in she car and drive away as will watch from the doorway - ext car - day Amy roll down she window , and look blankly at the house - Pov the house - the car drive away , down the road - will watch the car leave - maura look at will with a more sinister look - dissolve to ext bed and breakfast inn - night establish a rustic inn on the outskirt of town - int room at inn - night will close the door and lock it - he walk into the room contain two double bed - maura and aubrey lie on each bed - the circle under maura 's eye have become darker , and she face paler - will look at maura - will you ok ? maura nod - AUBREY be we go back to California daddy ? will well , that all depend . will lie down on the bed , look at aubrey , then at maura - will what do you think we should do ? maura maybe you have a reason to stay here . the statement surprise will - will it do not matter to I . ( beat ) what do you mean by that ? maura you seem to appreciate the local scenery . will scrutinize maura 's face - will you do not look too well , maura . do you feel ok ? maura what 's wrong with the way I look ? will approach maura and gently feel she head - will maybe you be get a fever . maura brushes will 's hand aside - maura I be fine . will ok ... will sit down on the other side of the bed , then turn and look to maura - will you know , I be think ... all that stuff father seamus say ... about discord , distrust ... we be do all right , be not we ? ( beat ) you do not have any doubt about I , do you ? maura ( beat ) should I ... will no. ( beat ) you two be the most important thing in my life . ( beat ) I do not ever want to lose you . maura look at he , then take a long , draw out breath - maura I be tired . will look at she , and laugh weakly - will I do not see why . ( beat ) let 's get some sleep . will turn out the light - he go over to aubrey and kiss she on the head - will good night angel ... AUBREY good night daddy . will climb into bed with maura - will good night . will 's about to kiss maura goodnight , but she roll over - maura see you in the morning . will look at she - she stare out the window with a distant expression on she face - int cottage - night a fire crackle in the fireplace - Father seamus sit in a chair , in front of a desk - he write in a journal - we can not see what he 's write - he pause for a beat , deep in concentration , and then continue to write - soon he put the pen down and head over to the fireplace - take a log from a basket , he drop it into the fireplace - he pause to contemplate the fire - he expression be one of exhaustion , he face draw - Pov close on the lap flame - Father seamus continue to look at the fire - dissolve to int room at inn - night maura be sleep - the room be silent - soon she roll over to discover will be not in the bed - she open she eye and look in the room - aubrey be asleep in the other bed , but there be no sign of will - maura get up , notice something - the door to the room be ajar - maura approach the door - she look around before hearing the faint but unmistakable of a couple briefly giggle - she listen for a beat - int inn hallway - night maura poke she head out for a beat before head down the hallway - the sound of lovemake become clearer - soon maura see something - down the hall , the door of one of the room be ajar - maura approach the room with trepidation - the sound of lovemake get louder - maura get closer to the door - she listen for a beat , then ever so gently push the door open - the sound of lovemake continue - maura cautiously position herself for a view of the room - as she look in , she eye widen - int another room at the inn - night will and amy be in bed , nude , make love - will and Amy then turn and look at maura - will well , someone like to watch . int room at inn - night maura jolt up from bed - the room be silent - she look over to see will next to she , sound asleep , as well as aubrey , asleep in the other bed - she look around the room - look towards the window - the curtain billow gently - maura lie back down slowly , recount the dream - dissolve to ext glen abbey manor - day it be a beautiful day , blue sky , sunshine - will pack some box into the back of the car - int master bedroom - day maura pack a suitcase - there be a change in she expression , she look tired , and very pale - aubrey approach she with a suitcase - AUBREY I be finish . maura say nothing - aubrey look at she - AUBREY where be we go to go , mommy ? maura we be go to go someplace new . AUBREY what about all my other stuff ? maura we will get it later . aubrey look at she mother as maura look out the window - a concerned expression appear on she face - Pov amy approach will at the car , walk almost in a trance - will look around - AUBREY ( o.s. ) how long will it take ? maura watch - Pov Amy embrace will - they kiss passionately - maura watch , clenching she jaw - AUBREY mommy ? Pov will prop Amy on the hood of the car - as they kiss will begin to unbutton she blouse - maura 's expression begin to change dramatically , a expression of contempt and rage - Pov will begin kissing Amy , go down she neck and head toward she breast - AUBREY ( o.s. ) mommy ? maura turn and look at aubrey with a sinister expression - aubrey be visibly take aback by the look she receive - AUBREY h-how long will it take ? maura go to you room ! now ! aubrey be scared by this outburst - she exit the room - maura look out the window with a grow sense of rage - Pov will and Amy continue kissing - ext manor - day will pack the car - Amy be nowhere to be see - maura approach he - something have definitely change in she personality - will turn and face she - will ready ? maura simply stare at he - maura ( beat ) you do not think I know ? will know what ? maura do you think I be a fool ? will ( confuse ) what ? maura nothing 's change , have it . you still want to deceive I ? will what be you talk about ? maura look at he for a minute , then smack he hard across the face - she then storm off - will follow - will maura , what be this ! maura we be not go . will not go ! be you out of you mind ?! wait ! will grab maura by the arm and swing she around - she counter this by shove he violently to the ground - maura storm off - will get up , get he bearing - will Son of a - will head to the front door - will approach maura as she yank open the front door - will I want to know what 's go on ! maura turn and face he - maura you be the enemy , and now I understand ! ( beat ) leave , and do not come back ! will I be not go anywhere until you tell I - maura look at will - the door slam shut on it 's own - will stare at the door in total shock , then try to open it - he pound on the door - will maura ! maura ! int upstair hallway - day aubrey approach maura - AUBREY what 's happen ? maura storm away from the girl - maura you father do not love we anymore ! AUBREY what do you mean ? mommy ? you be scare I ! ext manor - day will continue to bang on the door - will open this goddamn door ! aubrey ! int foyer - day aubrey go to the front door - maura see this and rush up to she , grab she violently by the arm - maura stay away ! maura yank the girl away from the door - AUBREY ow ! you be hurt I ! ext manor - day will bang on the door - will aubrey ! will look around - he rush toward a open window - as he attempt to climb in blam !! a invisible force shove he - will crash to the ground - the window slam shut - maura look down at he - will look up at she - Pov maura have a truly frightening look on she face - will realize something terrible be happen - he get up and take a few step back , think of what he should do - he begin to walk backwards towards the car before turn and run toward it - he get into the car , and peel out - int master bedroom - day maura watch the car drive away - maura do not ever come back . a frighten aubrey approach maura - AUBREY Mom , what 's happen to you ? maura turn , and look at the girl - she face be truly evil now - maura you father be evil . I send he away , forever . AUBREY what do you mean ? what do he do ? maura walk out of the room - aubrey follow - AUBREY mommy you be scare I . I want to see daddy ! maura turn and face the girl - maura you do not believe you mother , do you ? ( loud ) do you ! aubrey begin to cry - maura I should have know you would not . you love he more . maura stare at aubrey - maura you love he more , you believe all he lie . aubrey go to hug maura - AUBREY mommy , what 's happen to you ? maura shove the little girl across the room - maura ( shouting ) I will teach you to turn on I ! maura grab aubrey by the arm and drag she out of the room - aubrey begin to get hysterical - int aubrey' bedroom - day maura push aubrey into the room - maura you can stay here and think about it ! maura slam the door shut , lock it - aubrey frantically go to open the door , which do not budge - AUBREY mommy ! mommy ! int upstair hallway - day maura press she back against the wall , with a psychotic , evil expression on she face - ext road - day will 's car speed down the desolate country road - int car - day will drive around , frantically look for something - ext crossroad - day the car come to a stop - will look around , and decide to make a right - the car peel out - int upstair hallway - night maura listen to aubrey through she bedroom door , cry hysterically , struggle to get out of the room - she face be away from camera - she start to speak , she voice change to something far - sinister sounding - maura he dare to disrespect I ... she dare to disrespect I .... maura turn around , look around the hallway - she face have transformed horribly , a combination of herself and marion - she be clearly possess - maura it 's time to teach she a lesson . ext road - day the car drive down the road - will see something up ahead - Pov holy rood church and a adjacent cottage - the car speed toward it - ext church - day will pull up , and get out of the car - he run toward the front of the church - he bang on the front door of the old church - the door be lock , and refuse to budge - will Father seamus ! he run over to the cottage - will Father seamus ! will bang on the door and wait a beat , then try the handle - the door be open - int cottage - day will run in , look around - he see something and freeze - he see Father seamus , seat in a chair , dead - int kitchen - day maura find herself a large meat cleaver - the expression on she face have become considerably more evil - in she other hand she pick up a carving knife - she look at they through possess eye - she approach one of aubrey 's doll - she raise the cleaver and begin to hack the doll to piece - we see the doll 's head split OPEN - int aubrey' bedroom - day aubrey struggle to unlock the door - int cottage - day will grab father seamus by the lapel - he feel he wrist for a pulse - will Jesus ... he then notice the open journal - the page blow in the wind - will look down , read the entry - seamus ( v.o . ) it be real and I have see it in many form and many disguise ... the human evil be self - evident in this world , but there be other purer form belong to the vapor and the darkness ... will pick up the book - seamus ( v.o. ) this evil swallow up innocence and light , feed on violence and human fear ... the girl be in danger ... I have see this again and again ... nothing in this world can overcome that evil - will seem to concentrate on the next part - seamus ( o.s. ) ... save for the power of holy unconditional love , for that be the one force it can never defeat ... this I have discover . should the force return , I fear more drastic measure may be necessary - I do not know if they , or I , will have the strength ... the entry end - will look around the room , think of what to do - then something catch he eye - will freeze and stare at it for a beat , then slowly approach - Pov - something be mount to the wall - it be a ancient dagger , shape like a billow snake tail , come to a razor sharp point - will head over to it , look at it closely - close at the base of the handle , the same symbol as the amulet - will take the dagger off the wall - int aubrey' bedroom - day aubrey still try to fight with the door - she suddenly turn around and scream - colleen stand before she in a victorian dress tear and bloody from stab mark - colleen mother 's awful when she 's like this . soon thing begin to get flung around the room - the muffle sound of twisted moan and scream be hear - int upstair hallway - day maura begin to head towards aubrey 's room , carry the cleaver and the knife - she now look more like marion than ever , as if the body have merge - ext STREET - day the car speed down the street - int car - day will drive with a determine look on he face - int upstair hallway - day maura slowly turn the key to aubrey 's bedroom - int aubrey' bedroom - night the object stop fly around as maura open the door - crouched on the floor , aubrey look up in terror - maura look down at she daughter - and then in a grotesque combination of multiple voice merge together : maura you be come with I . we will suffer together . maura approach aubrey who be freeze with fear - maura then sneer , and lift the cleaver - aubrey shove she out of the way as wham !!! the cleaver smashes into the wall - aubrey run toward the door - the knife hurl its way across the room , stabbing deeply into the wall inch from aubrey 's pass head - int upstair hallway - day aubrey scream as she flee down the hall , lighting fixture go on , horrible noise echoing through the house - maura approach with the cleaver and the knife - ext manor - day will car zoom toward the manor - int car - day will look at the house up ahead - Pov light go crazy in the house - ext manor - day the car pull up - will get out with the dagger and run toward the door , hearing aubrey scream - will aubrey ! will approach the door and begin to smash away at it with all he might - int live room - day aubrey run toward a chair - a pair of scissor suddenly spin off a shelf - the scissors stab violently into the chair , narrowly miss aubrey - ext manor - day will manage to bash open the front door - int foyer - day will get the door open as maura approach - between they be a couch - maura seem to will the couch to roar across the floor as will push halfway inside - not quick enough - wham !!! the couch smashes will back outside , slamming he hand in the door jam - will yell in pain , fight to free he hand - int live room - day maura approach aubrey with the knife - aubrey manage to barely avoid she - AUBREY leave I alone ! leave I alone ! int foyer - day will furiously struggle with the door , eventually fight he way in - int live room - day will burst in - maura whip around to see this - will get he bear - maura charge at he - whamm !!! she sink the carve knife into the wall - maura grab the wrist with the dagger - maura appear psychotically strong - will fight she with all he might - will ( to aubrey ) aubrey run ! now ! aubrey head toward the doorway - the scissors fly across the room stabbing will in the leg - he howl in pain as he pull they out - maura you can not have she ! she 's go to rot with we ! aubrey watch as the two fight - a burst of energy send everything crash around the room , as if the demon be fight back desperately - maura hurl will across the room - the dagger rattles across the room - aubrey watch on in horror , unable to leave - maura fling the cleaver at will - maura smashes will across the face , send he against the wall - will have no choice but to smash she back before tackle she and throw she to the ground - maura fight back howling and scream - will cling onto she for dear life - AUBREY mommy ! will fight off the blow - will come back to we - maura ! maura begin to choke will to death - he fight as hard as he can - maura you be go to die ! aubrey rush over to they - AUBREY stop ! maura violently backhand aubrey and she fly back - take this opportunity will smashes maura and break free , roll across the floor - maura lunge at will as he reach for the dagger - aubrey scream - maura grab the dagger - will and maura wrestle for control of it - the blade get closer to will 's throat - maura we will destroy you ... destroy all of you ! will ( struggle ) no ... ( beat ) no ! in a furious burst of energy will shove maura backward violently - he grab the dagger with both hand - she fall to the ground and will pounce with the dagger - maura snarl as will raise the dagger - aubrey scream as - wham !! the dagger stab through maura 's heart as she scream at the top of she lung - then blam !!! - in a flash of light as will be blow back - the house begin to shake violently - piece of the wall begin to crumble - aubrey rush over to maura - AUBREY mommy ! will ( to aubrey ) aubrey run ! aubrey stare in horror at maura - just then the knife fade away as maura roll over , return to normal - the house begin to shake violently - stone begin to chip and fragment , fall all about - the noise be become deafen - aubrey hold on for dear life - soon huge chunks of stone begin to fall around they - will see it be no longer possible to remain there - maura come to , and become aware of she surround - she embrace aubrey - will get up - will maura ! maura what 's happen ! will grab up a heavy chair , run toward the live room window and hurl the chair - ext manor - day the chair explode through the window in a shower of glass - int live room - day the house seem to be crumble in upon itself - will grab maura and aubrey will ( to aubrey ) run ! aubrey refuse to let go of she mother 's hand - the three of they dodge fall debris as they flee out the window - ext manor - day will carry maura out of the building with aubrey in tow - the flee across the front lawn - a final gust of energy from the house blast the three of they off they foot - int live room - day everything be smashed apart in a final burst of fury - ext manor - day aubrey cower on the muddy ground - - will follow , muster the last of he strength to drag himself and maura to safety - will and aubrey embrace maura - will look at maura - she begin to cry , see blood on aubrey 's face - maura oh my God , what happen to you ? my baby - AUBREY I be ok mommy . will be you all right ? maura I be ok . will then kiss the both of they - will I love you both ... I love you both so much ... will look at she with love and concern in he eye , wipe the dirt off she face - maura see will leg - maura you be bleed . will I be all right ... gently he lift she off the ground along with aubrey - the look in silence at the house - int live room - day the destruction , howling , crash and groan continue for a beat but then stop abruptly , as if suck down some invisible , paranormal drain - the wind blow through the destruction , dust rise through stab of light - ext manor - day will , aubrey , and maura look back at the now darken house - the sound of the wind blow - will we be all go to be all right . we pull back to see the three lonely figure stand on the hill - the end