how to train you dragon 2 written by Dean deblois inspire by the novel by cressida cowell final draft May 5th , 2014 ext . OPEN sea - day hiccup and toothless blur past , leave a wake that lead ... ext . berk - day ( sequence 0200 - New berk ) to the island village of berk , festively adorn with flag and banner . Major new addition alter its familiar skyline . hiccup ( v.o . ) this ... be berk . the best keep secret this side of , well , anywhere . grant , it may not look like much , but this wet heap of rock pack more than a few surprise . on a cluster of sheep , hide nervously between building as shadow of pass dragon race by . the group move as one , recede into a shadowy alley , push one sheep out into the light . it 's suddenly snatch and carry into the air ! hiccup ( v.o . ) life here be amazing , just not for the faint of heart . see , where most folk enjoy hobby like whittling or needlepoint , we berkian prefer a little something we like to call -- whoosh , whoosh , whoosh ! a wash of vibrant color blur by . dragon barrel past at a dizzying speed . they rider swipe , kick , and roll into one another while they weave neck in neck between the house , dock , and revampe structure of berk . hiccup ( v.o . ) dragon racing ! it 's like a aerial version of the monte Carlo race . spectator roar from wooden bleacher , fastened to cliff face and perch over the sea . fishleg , now 20 and even larger , ride he gronkle , meatlug , who carry the sheep in she claw , until ... snotlout , also 20 , but every bit as juvenile , and he monstrous nightmare , hookfang , steal the sheep from they . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 2. snotlout oh , I be sorry , fishlegs ! do you want that ? fishleg snotlout ! that 's mine ! snotlout fall back toward ruffnut and tuffnut , who lag on they two -headed Zippleback , barf &amp ; belch . snotlout here ya go , babe . with a chivalrous grin , snotlout toss the sheep to ruffnut . she snatch it with a sneer and a grumble . snotlout ( cont 'd ) do I tell you that you look amazing today ? ` Cause you do . ruffnut come on , barf . it 's start to stink around here . barf start to peel off , spew gas . tuffnut mock snotlout with a mugging grin . tuffnut nope . still hate you . let 's blow this place , belch ! belch ignites the gas , sparking a flashy explosion , and leave snotlout behind in the smoke . as they rush past the main bleacher , ruffnut drop she sheep into one of five basket suspend over a chasm at the lap crossing . each backboard bear a image of its corresponding dragon . the barf / belch basket fill to the brim with sheep . preside over the game , stoick turn to the frenzied crowd . stoick that 's nine for the twin , astrid lag with three , fishlegs and snotlout trail with none ! stoick eye a empty basket at the far end , its backboard paint with a image of toothless . stoick ( cont 'd ) and hiccup be ... nowhere to be find . hmmm . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 3. gobber scare he off with the big talk , do not ya , stoick ? whack ! snotlout , still smolder from the blast , get clipped from behind . astrid , roll in , astride stormfly -- spirite and competitive as ever , and beautiful despite herself . astrid what be you do , snotlout ?! they be go to win now ! snotlout she 's my princess ! whatever she want , she get . astrid ruffnut ?! do not she try to bury you alive ?! snotlout only for a few hour ! back to the racers , as they peel away , pour on the speed . hiccup ( v.o . ) dragon use to be a bit of a problem here . but that be five year ago . now they have all move in . and , really , why would not they ? the racer chase each other through a sprawling hangar and into a vast cave , teeming with colorfully paint dragon stable . they exit through the far side and circle back through the village , blast past many of its dragon - friendly addition . hiccup ( v.o . ) we have custom stable ... all - you - can - eat feed station ... a full service dragon wash ... in the village , a baby gronkle sneeze , accidentally set one of the Viking house aflame . hiccup ( v.o . ) even top -of-the-line fire prevention , if I do say so myself . astrid roll she eye , peel away from the other dragon racer , and yank open a spout on the overhead network of aqueduct , dousing the flame with a surge of water . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 4. back to stoick , amused as he watch the racer round the island , search for sheep . he turn to gobber and nod . stoick it 's time , gobber . gobber righty -ho ! ( aloud , to the crowd ) last lap ! a horn sound . the racer all turn to each other , excited . astrid the black sheep ! come on , stormfly ! we can still win this thing ! ruffnut come on , barf ! tuffnut let 's go ! fishleg go , meatlug ! gobber load the black sheep onto a catapult . gobber this be you big moment . have a nice flight ! he pull the trigger , launching the black sheep into the air . astrid spot it and steer stormfly into a steep climb toward it . astrid up , up , up ! in a flash , fishlegs and meatlug blur past , nabbing the sheep . astrid ( cont 'd ) no ! fishleg good job , meatlug ! fishlegs toss he capture prize to ruffnut . fishleg ( cont 'd ) here you go , darling . mine 's worth ten ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 5 . ruffnut yeah ! the Black sheep ! snotlout sigh , frustrated . astrid you guy be fight for ruffnut ?! ruffnut I be totally win ! fishlegs hover up nest to ruffnut with a starry - eye smile . fishleg we be win together ! she ram barf into meatlug , send fishlegs into a uncontrolled spin . he slam into snotlout , send they dragon tumbling head over tail . the crowd go wild . ruffnut no one can stop I now ! tuffnut except for I . we be attach , genius ! he grab at the sheep . ruffnut fight back , incite a tug -of - war . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) quit try to steal all my glory ! and while they be distract , astrid steer stormfly toward they , close in . stoick get `em , astrid ! tuffnut ruffnut it 's my glory ! no sheep , no you be always ruin glory ! everything ! astrid leap off of stormfly , run up belch 's spindly neck , and pluck the black sheep from the twin ' hand . astrid gotcha ! she tumble through the air onto stormfly , stick a perfect landing , black sheep in hand . ruffnut astrid ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 6. back to stoick , beside himself . the crowd roar . stoick well play ! hahaha ! ( gloat , to the crowd ) that 's my future daughter - in- law ! back to astrid on stormfly eyeing the fast - approach finish line , unaware as ... fishleg suddenly ram meatlug into stormfly , send astrid off -course . she recover and see snotlout fly headlong toward she , war hammer cocked , aim at astrid . snotlout uh , excuse I . astrid stormfly ! snotlout hurl he hammer . astrid duck and roll stormfly out of the way . the hammer catch fishlegs in the face with a clang . the crowd collectively wince . astrid and stormfly recover from they roll , loop over the water , and they blast past the finish line , dunking the black sheep into they basket ! stoick that 's thirteen ! astrid take the game ! the crowd come unhinged . astrid fly over the crowd , bask in she victory . hiccup ( v.o . ) yep . berk be pretty much perfect . all of my hard work have pay off . and it 's a good thing , too , because with Viking on the back of dragon , the world just get a whole lot bigger . ext . OPEN sky / island coastline - day ( scene 0300 - awol part one ) a boundless sky . vast. clear . crisp . and from it , a black speck rocket across the horizon . the image of unbridle freedom . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 7. tucked into he riding position , hiccup appear to be part of toothless . they dip , roll and dive , over a sea teeming with thunderdrums , pull off dare maneuver with hone refinement , make they seem effortless . hiccup yeah ! they jackknife , head skyward , roll and tumble through the ethereal cloud-scape and join high - fly timberjack as they soar in formation . hiccup be bound head - to - toe in a snug , aerodynamic flight suit -- a asymmetrical , functional design of leather and articulate plate . it have a air of Viking bike leather . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what do you think , bud ? wanna give this another shot ? toothless grumble in protest . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! it will be fine . with a click of a lever , he lock the pedal in the flare tail position . hiccup then unhook himself from the saddle . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ready ? toothless snort unenthusiastically . suddenly , hiccup slide off of toothless , peel away from he like a skydiver from a plane , yelling as he plummet . toothless dive after he . they spiral through the air , face - to -face . toothless be have fun , despite himself . hiccup slip he forearm through a pair of tuck leather flap ... and yank , unfurl sheet of leather as he extend he arm . they catch the wind , snapping OPEN like wing ... and send he glide -- out of control , at first , then stabilize . the turbulence buffet he flight suit heavily . but he 's fly ! toothless unfold he wing , too , catch up with hiccup . the freedom be palpable . hiccup and toothless be , for the moment , the same . feeling the same rush of adrenaline . independently together . they plunge past cloud formation , split apart then crossing path again . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 8. impressive as it be , hiccup be glide at a steep angle . toothless launch fireballs ahead of hiccup , boost he higher with the expand heat burst . hiccup ( cont 'd ) this be amazing ! a cloud layer wash past , expose a tower rock formation , dead ahead . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no longer amazing ! toothless ! hiccup try to steer himself away , to no avail . toothless pour on the speed , try to catch hiccup as he hurtle toward collision . his lock tail make maneuver difficult . he 's unable to pull up at a steep enough angle . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh , no ! at the last second , toothless blast the jag rock just ahead of hiccup , then wrap hiccup in he wing as they fly through it . the obliterate peak rain down around they . toothless emerge through the cloud of debris and hurtle into the tree of a neighbor peak . they tumble down the uneven terrain , come to rest on a small plateau . hiccup emerge from the cocoon of toothless ' wing . he switch he prosthetic riding foot to he walk foot and stow he leather wing . hiccup ( cont 'd ) that really come out of nowhere . the blow up sea stack collapse . hiccup ( cont 'd ) we gotta work on you solo glide there , bud . that lock - up tail make for some pretty sloppy rescue maneuver , eh ? hiccup reel in he dorsal fin and remove he helmet , revealing a 20 year old hiccup frame by wild hair , complete with a Viking braid . he walk to the edge of the cliff , take in the new land stretch off into the horizon , its tall cliff and sea - stack adorn with sway gold birch tree bask in the dapple afternoon sunlight . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 9. hiccup ( cont 'd ) look like we find another one , bud . toothless fusses and snort , not amused , shaking off dust and pebble like a wet dog . hiccup flinch as a pebble whack he on the back of the head . he look back to toothless , who avert he eye . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh , what ? do you want a apology ? be that why you be pout , big baby boo ? well ... try this on ! hiccup tackle toothless and try to put he in a headlock . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ya feel it yet ? huh ? pick up on all my heartfelt remorse ? toothless simply stand on he hind leg , lift hiccup off of he flail foot and dangle he over the cliff 's edge . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh , come on . you would not hurt a one - legged -- hiccup look down , see the precipitous drop below . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you be right ! you be right ! you win ! you win ! wham ! toothless flip he over , pin he to the ground . hiccup squirm , throw mock punch . toothless playfully retaliate with feline tap to hiccup 's head . hiccup ( cont 'd ) he 's down ! and it 's ugly ! dragon and Viking , enemy again , lock in combat to the bitter -- urfff ! toothless rest he head on hiccup -- squeezing the AIR out of he . toothless then suddenly start groom hiccup , lap at he face and cover he in slobber . hiccup ( cont 'd ) gaaaaagh ! hiccup fight to get free , finally spring to he foot and shaking off the viscous saliva . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 10 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you know that do not wash out . toothless laugh , pleased with himself . shift he attention back to the new land stretch out before they , hiccup reach beneath he chest plate and produce a leather - bound book . he unfurl it to reveal a explorer map , modify with add strip in every direction to accommodate they ever - expand world . drawing indicate new land , new tribe , and many new dragon . hiccup peel a fresh strip of paper from a hide fold in he flight suit and hold it out for toothless to lick . hiccup affix the moisten strip to the map 's outer edge , then whittles a pencil and consult a compass affix to he forearm . hiccup ( cont 'd ) so what should we name it ? toothless gurgle as he gnaw under he wing , preoccupy . hiccup ( cont 'd ) " itchy armpit " it be . hiccup carefully draw the new island 's outline . hiccup ( cont 'd ) whaddya reckon , bud ? think we might find a few timberjack in that wood ? the odd whisper death or two in the rock ? who know ... maybe we will finally track down another night fury . ( beat ) would not that be something ? ( burdened ) so , whaddya say ? just keep go ? toothless ' ear plate suddenly shoot up . he roar , and he call be answer by a familiar screech . hiccup turn to see ... ext . sea stack / island coastline - day ( scene 0325 - awol part two ) astrid rise into view , astride stormfly . stormfly grab talon - full of rock to slow she landing . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 11 . hiccup ` afternoon m'lady . where have you be ? astrid dismount and throw back she fur hood as toothless rush up to greet they . astrid win race . what else ? the real question be ... where have you be ? hiccup avoid my dad . astrid oh , no . what happen now ? astrid sit beside hiccup , inspect he latest addition to the map . behind they , toothless greet stormfly , incite a play fight . hiccup oh , you be gonna love this . I wake up . the sun 's shine . terrible terror be sing on the rooftop . I saunter down to breakfast , think all be right with the world , and I get ... he get to he foot and puff out he chest . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( aping stoick ) ... Son , we need to talk . astrid smile and adopt hiccup 's sloppy slouch . astrid ( aping hiccup ) not now , dad . I have get a whole day of goof off to get start . hiccup break character , grimace at she impression of he . hiccup okay , first of all , I do not sound like that . what be this character ? and second ... what be that thing you be do with my shoulder ? astrid laugh , jostling she shoulder in a awkward way . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 12 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) a truly flatter impersonation . anyway , he go ... ( resume stoick 's brogue ) you be the pride of berk , son , and I could not be prouder ... astrid ( continue she impression of hiccup ) aw , thanks , dad . I be pretty impressed with myself , too . hiccup when have I ever do that with my hand ? astrid you just do . she laugh , playfully . hiccup okay ... just ... ( hold she arm , mock - stern ) hold still . it 's very serious . she giggle , try to hold a straight face . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( resume stoick 's brogue ) you be all grow up , and since no chief could ask for a better successor , I have decide -- astrid straighten , she face brighten . astrid -- to make you chief ! oh , my god ! she jump to she foot , beam ... astrid ( cont 'd ) hiccup , that 's amazing ! and sock hiccup in congratulation , deliberately hit the dorsal fin release button and trigger it to pop up . she laugh as hiccup reel it back in , self - consciously . hiccup you be gonna wear out the spring coil . the calibration be very sensitive ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 13 . they be suddenly bowled over by toothless and stormfly . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah , so ... this be what I be deal with . astrid help he up and dust he off . astrid ( excite ) what do you tell he ? hiccup I do not . by the time he turn around , I be go . astrid pick up the map , fold it as she pace around he , processing it all . astrid well , it 's a lot of responsibility . the map will have to wait for sure , and I will need to fly toothless , since you will be too busy ... she pause , wince in sympathy . she turn to hiccup . he nod knowingly , take the map from she . hiccup it 's not I , astrid . all that speech , and plan , and run the village ... that 's he thing . astrid I think you be miss the point . I mean , chief . what a honor . I would be pretty excited . hiccup shake he head . hiccup I be not like you . you know exactly who you be . you always have . but ... he shuffles to the cliff 's edge , gaze out at the new land . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I be still look . I know that I be not my father ... and I never meet my mother ... so , what do that make I ? httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 14 . he sit at the edge , look burden , restless . astrid approach and settles beside he , join he in look out at the distant horizon . she weave another braid into he hair as she speak . astrid what you be search for ... be not out there , hiccup . she place a hand on he chest . astrid ( cont 'd ) it 's in here . ( beat ) maybe you just do not see it yet . she kiss he cheek , but get a mouthful of toothless ' slobber . she grimace , wiping it off . distract , hiccup eye the horizon keenly . hiccup maybe . but , y'know ... there be something out there . astrid ( exasperated ) hiccup ... he turn she face to the horizon . a distant smoke plume rise from a misty valley . ext . lapland wood / trapper's fort - moment later ( scene 0400 - shot down ! ) hiccup and toothless fly over the fjord , wind deep through undulate crimson and gold forest . astrid and stormfly catch up as the autumn color suddenly give way to char timber . they fly deeper , through ash and wafting smoke . ahead , in a shelter harbor , a explosion of ice stand as a eerie marker of what use to be a trapper be fort . hiccup stay close . they fly through the suspend remain of the building , splinter , and freeze in mid-destruction . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what happen here ? httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 15 . it 's at once harrowing and puzzle . toothless spot a enormous dragon footprint in the muddy shoreline below , leave he uneasy . hiccup ( cont 'd ) easy , bud . as they crest the ice formation , astrid spot a crew of men at the stern of a moor ship below . astrid hiccup ! eret ( o.s. ) Fire ! the man fire a stern -mount cannon . the projectile unfurl into a net . hiccup and toothless dart out of its way . hiccup astrid ! look out ! it hit stormfly , tangling she wing and cause she to spin uncontrolled . astrid struggle to free she as they hurtle toward a collision . astrid hiccup ! astrid fall off of stormfly , but toothless snatch she at the last second . stormfly hit the ground , tangle in the net . trappers rush out of hide , pile onto she with rope and weapon . she whip she tail , send spike fly . eret watch the tail ! a large , raven-haire trapper lunge over the spray of spike and land upon stormfly 's head , twist it and take she down like a rodeo cowboy . eret ( cont 'd ) tie that leg up ! eret deftly tie she gnash jaw shut , wrangle she into submission -- clearly a pro among pro . he look up , revealing a handsome face and gleam , intelligent eye that search the sky as toothless ' tell - tale banshee scream ring out . eret ( cont 'd ) be that what I think it be ? httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 16 . toothless suddenly streak across the sky , banking and landing with a ferocious roar . hiccup stop ! astrid stormfly ! ( to the trapper ) what be you do ? astrid and hiccup leap off of toothless , rush toward stormfly . eret 's man immediately draw weapon . hiccup extend and ignites he dragon blade -- a telescoping fiery sword -- impressive enough to wow eret 's man . eret back again ? eret step forward , focus only on toothless . eret ( cont 'd ) soil my britches ... that be a night fury . think they be all go for good . ( to he fellow trapper ) look like we luck 's have a turn for the better , lad ! do not think drago have one of that in he dragon army . his man sound out in agreement . hiccup eye astrid , confuse . astrid Dragon army ? hiccup look , we do not want any trouble . eret ha ! you should have think of that before you steal all of we dragon and blast we fort to bit ! hiccup wait ... astrid what be you talk about ? astrid and hiccup take in the icy destruction , put it together . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 17 . hiccup you think we do this ? eret Dragon trapping be hard enough work as it be , without do - gooder dragon rider sneaking in to rescue they . hiccup what do - gooder -- there be other dragon rider ? eret you mean , other than you thieve friend from last night ? you tell I . eret approach . toothless snarl , protectively . eret ( cont 'd ) you may have a ice-spitting dragon on you side , but we still have a quota to fill . how do you suppose we explain this mess to drago bludvist ? hiccup drago what - fist ? do anything you say make sense ? teeny he 's expect a new shipment of dragon for he army by tomorrow . no - name and drago do not take well to excuse . eret part he tunic , revealing a large brand - iron scar on he torso , in the shape of a dragon skull , split by a sword . eret this be what he give I last time I show up empty-hand . he promise to be far less understanding in the future . hiccup ( exasperated ) look , we do not know anything about a dragon thief , or a ice-spitting dragon , or you lunatic boss and he dragon army , okay ? ( more ) httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 18. hiccup ( cont 'd ) just give we back we dragon , and we will go , strange , hostile person whom we have never meet . eret bow playfully . eret oh , where be my manners ? I be eret . Son of eret . finest dragon trapper alive . he pull a dagger from behind he back , wave it cockily . his man ready they weapon and net cannon . eret ( cont 'd ) after all , it 's not just anyone who can capture a night fury . toothless roar a warning . hiccup and this be toothless . he say we be go . now . eret heh . they all say that . ( beat ) rush ` em , lad ! eret lunge toward they . toothless blast , bring down a massive spire of ice . it shatter as it hit the ground , force eret and he man to dive out of the way . make quick use of the distraction , hiccup re-ignites he dragon blade and slashes through the rope bind stormfly . astrid stormfly ! c'mon , go ! go! eret get to he foot in time to see toothless and stormfly take to the air , carry hiccup and astrid out of reach of the volley of arrow . eret you will never hold on to that dragon , you hear I ?! drago be coming for they all ! I /e. berk / blacksmith stall - sunset ( sequence 0500 - lock - down ! ) httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 19 . the gang joyride past gothi be house , scatter she assortment of terrible terror . she wave a fist at they as they sweep past , whooping and chortle , lead we down to ... the upper plaza , where a gathere crowd of Viking and they dragon be cue up outside of gobber 's blacksmith stall , await they turn . stoick maneuver through the crowd , spout jovial greeting in pass . he make a bee-line for gobber , who be busily grind a metal dragon tooth into shape . a Zippleback wait patiently , he head cocked open like a car hood while the other head watch , sympathetically . stoick any sign of he ? gobber flip up he welding guard , revealing a match area of unsoile skin . gobber ah , he 's probably fly off the edge of the world by now . you sure you want that kid run the village ? you can still delay you retirement . stoick oh , he 's ready . you will see . a sudden excitement in the crowd herald hiccup and astrid 's return . they touch down on toothless and stormfly . stoick ( cont 'd ) haha ! there he be ! ( to gobber , prove he point ) huh ? the pride of berk ! hiccup stow he helmet and head toward stoick with urgency . gobber who finally decide to show up for work . yay . hiccup sorry . get hold up . ( privately , to stoick ) hey , dad , could I have a word ? stoick something you be itching to tell I ? httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 20 . hiccup not quite the itch you be think of , but yes . stoick hand he a apron and guide he to the front desk . stoick good man ! now , lesson one . a chief 's first duty be to he people . so ... stoick change the rune on the " be serve " placard . stoick ( cont 'd ) forty one ? forty -- hiccup could we just talk in private for -- starkard -- that 's I ! that 's I ! I be next ! ( push he way through ) I be ahead of you ! Excuse I , I have be here all day ! starkard reach the counter , giddy with excitement . starkard ( cont 'd ) okay , I want one of that high seater , with lot of spike and a big stowage compartment . stoick absolutely ! you get it , sir ! stoick spin hiccup around , steering he back into the shop . hiccup dad , this be actually a little more important than building saddle . stoick ah - ah ! lesson two . no task be too small when it come to serve you people . Excuse we , grump . they step over the tail of a large , snore oaf of a dragon , stir he awake with a fussy start . gobber grump ! you let the forge die down again ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 21. grump cough a slug of molten lava into the forge . it splatter everywhere , ignite a rash of fire . hiccup side - step they as he gather material in the back of the stall . gobber pull the fire extinguisher , dump water everywhere . gobber ( cont 'd ) that 's it , grump . you be go up for adoption ! stoick fill a toolbox with tool from hiccup 's workbench . stoick one of this . and this ... hiccup dad -- stoick -- there you go ! go on . have away . hiccup but , seriously , I really need to tell you about this new land we come across . gobber another one ?! fishlegs walk in , follow by the twin and snotlout . fishleg any new dragon ? stoick slap a sheet of leather onto a dragon mold , and hand hiccup pencil . exasperate , hiccup begin trace a outline as he speak . hiccup we do not stick around to find out . this folk be not particularly friendly . gobber oh , really ? you night fury and deadly nadder do not bring they cheer to the rooftop ? gobber spin he prosthetic arm dispenser . hiccup no , this be different . not the standard run-for-the-hills hoo-ha I have come to enjoy . this guy be trapper . Dragon trapper . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 22. astrid you should have see they fort . all blow apart and stick in giant spike of ice . it be weird . hiccup I have never see anything like it . and worst of all , they think we do it ! gobber pop off he prosthetic tong and select a wire brush from he dispenser ... gobber y'know , you two be gonna get yourselves in serious trouble one of this day . not everyone appreciate this way of life . which he use to brush he mustache and eyebrow . stoick take the sheet of leather to the table see ... stoick gobber 's right , son . best we keep to we own . besides , you will have more important use for you time -- and pull a lever , start it up . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( sing -songy , under he breath ) once we make the big announcement ! hiccup pull the lever , shutting the see down . hiccup they be building a dragon army . silence fill the stall . Viking exchange worried glance . hiccup ( cont 'd ) or at least the guy they work for be . dargo bloody fist or something . stoick 's eye widen . he turn to gobber , with grow alarm . tuffnut I will bloody he fist with my face if he try to take my dragon ! ruffnut or mine . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 23. tuffnut you be such a moron . fishleg a beautiful moron . snotlout yeah ... ruffnut grumble , revolt by they advance . stoick grab hiccup by the shoulder , wide - eye and intense . stoick bludvist ? drago bludvist ? hiccup uh , yeah . wait . you know he ? int . berk - dragon stable - moment later stoick rush down a circular stone staircase into the vast , bustling cave that house the dragon stable . stoick ground all dragon ! hiccup what ? why ?! hiccup , astrid , gobber , and toothless chase after stoick . stoick seal the gate ! lower the STORM door ! hiccup whoa , whoa , whoa . wait ! what be happen ? gobber you hear the man ! lock it down ! behind he , the massive storm door rattle as they be lower . stoick no dragon or viking set foot off this island until I give the word ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 24 . hiccup because some guy you know be stir up trouble in some faraway land ? stoick turn to hiccup , gravely serious . stoick because drago bludvist be a madman . without conscience or mercy . and if he 's build a dragon army ... god help we all . stoick continue on shouting order , leave hiccup stewing . stoick ( cont 'd ) get they into they pen ! quickly ! hiccup chase around to confront stoick . hiccup then let 's ride back out there . we will follow that trapper to drago and talk some sense into he . stoick no . we fortify the island . hiccup it 's we duty to keep the peace ! stoick peace be over , hiccup . I must prepare you for war . hiccup War ? dad , if drago 's come for we dragon , we can not wait around for he to get here . let 's go find he and change he mind . stoick some mind will not be change , hiccup . berk be what you need to worry about . ( beat ) a chief protect he own . stoick head off , call out more order ... stoick ( cont 'd ) secure the stable ! latch every stall ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 25 . ... leave hiccup eyeing toothless as the storm door close . astrid approach he , see the determination on he face . astrid hiccup , do not . hiccup I have to . he give she a quick peck on the cheek . stoick this way ! quickly ! hiccup and toothless blast past , head for the exit . stoick ( cont 'd ) hiccup ! they try to fly through one door , but it seal shut . hiccup come on ! toothless spin around and dive through the gap in the second lowering storm door . stoick hiccup ! astrid and stormfly blow past stoick and slip through the storm door before it shut , leave stoick fume . ext . OPEN sea - midday ( scene 0700 - eret 's lesson ) eret 's ship carve a defiant path North , leave the last glimpsis of lapland in its wake . eret stand on the bowsprit , eyeing the wave intently , search the surface . he turn toward the deck , where he crewmen man the gunwale cannon , sight train to the sky . eret keep you eye peel , lad ! with this wind , we will reach drago by daybreak , so best we fill this ship up with dragon and quick ! it 's no time to be picky . not if we want to keep we -- httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 26 . ug uh ... eret ? eret turn in the direction ug be point to see a pair of dragon flap toward they . eret head ! off the port quarter ! the crewmen swing the net cannon toward the back - light , silhouett dragon , draw ever closer . eret ( cont 'd ) Net `em , lad ! take `em down ! eret load a cannon and take aim . he spot hiccup and astrid riding the dragon . his eye narrow , determine . eret ( cont 'd ) you be not get away this time . net fly through the air . hiccup and astrid outmaneuver they and dive toward the ship , landing on the deck with a clatter . eret ( cont 'd ) and here I be worried we might turn up empty-hand . astrid brandish she axe in invitation . hiccup indicate for she to lower it , then hold up he hand in surrender . hiccup nope . it 's you lucky day . we give up . eret 's crew exchange confuse stare . as do astrid . hiccup ( cont 'd ) that 's one night fury , one deadly nadder , and ... he dismount toothless and toss a net over astrid . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ... two of the finest dragon rider west of luk tuk . that oughtta make the boss happy , right ? astrid grumble . he take she axe , hand it to eret , and escort astrid past the man to the open live well . hiccup ( cont 'd ) Excuse we . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 27 . he lead astrid down the ladder . she glare at he , plainly hat the plan . astrid what be you do ? toothless try to follow they , but hiccup hold he back . hiccup toothless , stay . hiccup flip the latch , lowering the grate as eret watch , confound . hiccup ( cont 'd ) the dragon do not really care for cramped space , so they will just hang out with you . they will not be any trouble . eret 's man nervously direct they sword and spear toward toothless . he snarl . hiccup ( cont 'd ) unless you do that . wooden boat , big ocean . how 's you swim ? no - name not good . a burst of flame erupt from the live well , cause the crewmen to jump back . hiccup thrust he Dragon blade through the grate . hiccup oops . almost forget . can not have armed prisoner ! astrid how be this a plan ? he retract the blade and offer it up . a crewman cautiously take it , look it over . the pommel of the hilt be expel green gas . hiccup just what every dragon trapper need . one end coat the blade in monstrous nightmare saliva . the other spray hideous Zippleback gas . all it take be a spark and ... a curious crewman click the lighter , ignite the gas . hiccup duck as the sudden explosion sweep over the deck . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 28. hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh , yeah , there you go ! toothless paw at the ember . hiccup ( cont 'd ) once they see you as one of they own , even the testiest dragon can be train , right , bud ? toothless gurgle and fall over . eret give I that ! eret snatch the dragon blade and hurl it overboard . stormfly bolt after it ... eret ( cont 'd ) what game be you play ? hiccup no game . we just want to meet drago . and return in a flash , drop it at eret 's foot like a fetching dog , tongue wag . eret throw it again , frustrated . stormfly return with it just as quickly . eret why ? hiccup because I be go to change he mind about dragon . eret and he crew laugh . astrid poke out of the well . astrid he can be really persuasive . hiccup pet toothless , thoughtfully . hiccup once you have earn he loyalty , there be nothing a dragon will not do for you . eret puh ! you will not be change any mind around here . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 29 . hiccup I can change yours . right here . right now . hiccup set toothless ' tail in the lock , splay position . eret sneer , suspicious . hiccup ( cont 'd ) May I ? suddenly , hiccup be snatch into the air ! dragon blur past . I /e. OPEN sea - ship - sunset ( scene 1000 - botched rescue ) the crewmen scramble to the net cannon as a flurry of wing streak past , gashing hole in the sail and slicing through rigging . eret Dragon rider ! toothless shriek and bound up the mast , spot hiccup in the talon of a monstrous nightmare . toothless relax , realize that it 's hookfang . hiccup put I down ! snotlout ! what be you do ? snotlout look back to see if ruffnut witness the save . snotlout see how well I protect and provide ? ruffnut grumble at the incessant court . a flying net whizze past she head . tuffnut aggh ! what be with all the net ?! ruffnut hey watch it ! that be close ... ruffnut spot eret , firing net from the deck of the ship . transition to : a slow motion , sexy Pov of eret 's glisten biceps , shudder as he blast the net cannon , aim directly at she . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 30 . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) oh , my . the net unravel in slow motion ... ruffnut ( cont 'd ) I likey . ... envelop ruffnut as she yield to it , blissfully . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) take I . back to real time as hiccup flip upside - down in the hookfang 's talon and kick off , pull he wing - suit flap . eret take aim , but astrid shove he , throw off the shot . astrid hold you FIRE ! hiccup glide unsteadily towards the ship and collide with its sail . he slide down the canvas and drop to the deck . toothless land behind he . hiccup what be you guy do here ?! gobber and grump land on the deck , scatter eret 's crew . gobber we be here to rescue you ! hiccup I don't need to be rescue ! stoick ( o.s. ) enough ! the bow dip heavily as stoick touch down on skullcrusher . he dismount , fume . eret block stoick , cocky and confident . eret well , do not you just pick the wrong ship , eh ? I be eret , son of -- stoick shove he face aside , send eret slamming into grump . before he can react , gobber club eret on the head , send he collapse to the deck . grump then sit on he , smother he into submission . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 31 . eret ( cont 'd ) ( panting , suffocate ) get ... this ... thing ... off ... I ! gobber turn to the other crewmen , with a smile . gobber anyone else ? eret 's man eye the Viking , armed and flanke by they dragon . they set down they sword . gobber ( cont 'd ) that 's what I figure . stoick ( to hiccup ) you. saddle up . we be go home . hiccup no . stoick of all the irresponsible -- hiccup -- I be try to protect we dragon and stop a war ! how be that irresponsible ? stoick because war be what he want , son ! hiccup glare , frustrated . stoick sigh , realize that he have to explain . stoick ( cont 'd ) year ago , there be a great gather of chieftain to discuss the dragon scourge we all face . int . viking hall - night flashback a hulk , cloak figure stride confidently into fire- light hall , interrupt a council meeting of Viking chieftain . his face be mask in silhouette . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 32. stoick ( v.o. ) into we midst come a stranger from a strange land , cover in scar and drape in a cloak of dragon skin . he carry no weapon and speak softly , say that he , drago bludvist , be a man of the people , devote to freeing mankind from the tyranny of dragon . on stoick , some twenty year young , seat in a throne , study the impudent stranger with suspicion . stoick ( v.o. ) he claim that he alone could control the dragon and that he alone could keep we safe , if we choose to bow down and follow he . the Viking council erupt in mock laughter . back to present snotlout , fishlegs , and the twin snicker . ruffnut stupid . tuffnut good one . stoick aye . we laugh , too ... back to flashback stoick ( cont 'd ) until he wrap himself in he cloak and cry out , " then see how well you do without I ! " drago bludvist pull the dragon skin cloak over himself and march toward the door . above , dragon fire rip through the ceiling , bring down flame timber , follow by dragon cover in heavy metallic armor . they blast FIRE as panic ensue . stoick ( v.o. ) the rooftop suddenly burst into flame , and from it , armored dragon descend , burn the hall to the ground . back to present httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 33. stoick ( stinging regret ) I ... be to only one to escape . the twin , snotlout , and fishlegs exchange spook glance . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( to hiccup ) Men who kill without reason cannot be reason with . hiccup maybe . hiccup turn and stomp toward toothless , determine . eret watch intently . stoick hiccup ... hiccup I be still go to try . hiccup jump onto toothless and lock eye with stoick . hiccup ( cont 'd ) this be what I be good at . and if I could change you mind ... I can change he , too . ( to toothless ) come on . toothless and hiccup take to the AIR , leave everyone stir in awkward silence . astrid mount stormfly , about to go after he . astrid let 's go . stoick no ! lead the other back to berk . I have have enough mutiny for one day . astrid stir , conflict , as stoick stomp toward skullcrusher , fume . he pass ruffnut , who 's busily fondle eret 's biceps as he lay crush under grump . ruffnut ooh , I like that . stoick ruffnut ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 34 . ruffnut ( petulant ) ugh ! okay ! ext . sky - night ( scene 1100 - ambushed ! ) hiccup stare ahead , frustrated , as toothless glide over a bed of cloud , glow in the low , Arctic sun . hiccup yell , then slump back onto the saddle . toothless recoil , sensitive to hiccup 's upset . the steam from they breath mix in the frigid air . hiccup do not worry , bud . I be not gonna let anything happen to you . I promise . toothless ' ear plate perk up . he glance over he shoulder to see a disturbance in the blanket of cloud . a strange and arrest masked warrior rise from the cloud , stand upon something unseen . its armor and cape flap in the buffete turbulence . the warrior eye toothless and hiccup , pull up alongside they . hiccup sense the approach figure in he periphery and sit up , flustered . hiccup ( cont 'd ) aw , come on , dad ! really ?! he whirl around expectantly then freeze , mouth agape . the warrior stare blankly , tilting he head in curiosity while cut a menace silhouette . then , just as gradually as he rise , the warrior dip back beneath the cloud , disappear . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( alarm ) okay . ( to toothless ) no sudden move . suddenly , the warrior explode out of the cloud before they , stand atop a large dragon . they circle hiccup and toothless , force they to tread AIR . the warrior point a staff toward hiccup , unnervingly , as he return to face they . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 35 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) hold on , hold on . toothless growls a warning . suddenly , they be ambush from behind . hiccup be pluck off of toothless by another dragon and carry off . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! with the tail unmanned , toothless plummet helplessly . he flap wildly then crash through the ice into the black , frigid water . flailing and crying out , he struggle to stay afloat as he watch ... hiccup disappear into the night sky , carry off in the talon of the strange dragon -- one of tens that accompany the warrior in a cavalcade . toothless bellows in distress , desperately try to take to the air . as he leap and crash , time and again ... a group of spiny dorsal fin split the ice , carve a path toward toothless . beneath the ice , a pod of seashocker approach , two -headed , with manta Ray like wing glide silently in the gloom . fixate on hiccup , toothless be catch by surprise as the seashocker surface and drag he under . hiccup 's helmet bob to the surface , mark all that remain . ext . arctic sky / archipelago - night ( midnight SUN ) ( scene 1300 - Dragon Lady ) hiccup shiver in the claw of the dragon , surround by the strange flock full of breed he 's never see . he look back for toothless , now long go . hiccup hey ! you left my dragon back there ! he can't fly on he own ! he'll drown ! the warrior offer no response , seemingly immune to the cold as he lead the dragon flock across the polar night -- a alien landscape , harsh and forebode . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 36 . out of the fog loom a epic ice formation -- jag , spike , and similar to the icy aftermath of eret 's fort , but many time its size . the dragon escort dive into its jag fold . int . dragon mountain - continuous the wild ride suddenly give way to a multilevel , cavernous chamber make of ice and column of basalt rock . it 's heavily populate with dragon of all kind , loom in the shadow . hiccup be drop in the center . he scramble to he foot , call out into the darkness . hiccup we have to head back for my dragon ! a hissing dragon close in , sniff , leer , aggressive . hiccup extend and light he telescoping dragon blade , wave a swirl of fire around himself . the dragon pause , intrigue , and then watch hypnotically as hiccup pacify he with calculate sweep of the fiery blade . the warrior watch keenly from the shadow . several aggressive dragon close in behind hiccup . hear they hiss , he quickly stow the blade , replace a cartridge in its hilt , then flip it around and spray a perimeter of Zippleback gas around himself . he click the lighter , ignite a flash ring . the testy dragon recoil . he then reach through the smoke , offer he open hand . the dragon re-approach , sniff he with calm curiosity . on the warrior ... tilting he mask head , curious . he dismount he dragon and approach hiccup . hiccup ( cont 'd ) who be you ? the Dragon thief ? drago bludvist ? the warrior circle hiccup in silence , take in he gear , he dragon blade , he face . hiccup ( cont 'd ) do you even understand what I be say ? httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 37 . the warrior whirl and hammer he staff . in response , a large dragon ascend from the depth , carry ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! toothless be dumped on the ground next to hiccup , sopping wet . hiccup rush to he , petting he reassuringly . toothless coo in relief . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I be glad to see you , too , bud . you really have I worried there . the warrior rattles he staff at a nearby dragon . in response , it and the surround dragon produce firelight from they throat , spotlight hiccup and toothless . the warrior set down he staff and shield , then approach hiccup , cautiously and animal - like . toothless snarl and circle hiccup defensively , but then instantly yield to the stranger 's outstretch hand . with a quick , disarming gesture , the warrior lay toothless down in a state of bliss . hiccup be astound . the warrior 's hand continue toward hiccup 's face . he recoil , but the warrior persist , find the faint scar on hiccup 's chin , glint in the firelight . the warrior gasp and retreat a few step . warrior ( whisper , shake ) hiccup ? ( beat ) could it be ? after all this year ? how be this possible ? the voice be surprisingly female . hiccup uh , should I ... should I know you ? warrior no . you be only a babe ... the warrior slowly remove the strange mask , revealing valka , 40 , beneath . her eye meet he , equally wide - eye and aghast . valka ... but a mother never forget . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 38. hiccup stammer , tongue -ty , aghast . valka ( cont 'd ) come ... ext . arctic sky - night ( midnight SUN ) ( sequence 1325 - search ) stoick and gobber search over the frigid wave that lap against the pack ice . stoick boar-head ! just like he mother ! she could never stay put either . gobber glance over at stoick , who 's hunch over , brow furrow and solemn . gobber ah , he 's just twenty . and a Viking . I mean , could there be a worse combination ? ha ! when I think of how stubborn and senseless you be back in the day ... well , not much have change , actually . stoick you know what he 's like . he will not give up , gobber . and if hiccup find drago , before we find he ... gobber bah ! nothing can hurt hiccup so long as that night fury 's around . it 's a night fury ! frame by a hole in the ice , a glisten object bob on the surface below . stoick squint and circle back , lead skullcrusher in a dive toward it . stoick snag it out of the water . it 's hiccup 's helmet . gobber pull alongside stoick , see he look of dread . stoick hold the helmet out for he dragon to smell . stoick find he , skullcrusher . find he . skullcrusher sniff the helmet like a bloodhound , roar , and suddenly change heading . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 39 . int . dragon mountain - tunnel - dawn ( scene 1400 - a New family ) close on hiccup , flustered , wind , chase valka through tightly wind corridor . hiccup hold on ! wait just a minute ! come back here ! valka this way . come . hiccup you can not just say something like that and run off ! you be my mother ?! I mean , what the -- do you grasp how insane it sound ?! ( beat ) I have question ! valka come . quickly ! hiccup follow she over the difficult terrain . he try to clamber over a tall rock , unsuccessfully . hiccup where have you be all this time ? toothless boost he over . hiccup land on the other side . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what have you be do ?! they say you be dead ! everyone think you be eat by ... hiccup trail off as he enter ... int . dragon mountain - oasis - continuous ... a stadium -size chamber teeming with fern , waterfall , hot spring and thousand of new dragon . hiccup wander in , bask in the in the amazing sight : a dome of sweat ice capping a geothermal micro climate , fill with dragon of every shape and kind . he spot valka cling to a basalt overhang , watch he . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 40 . hiccup this be where you have be for twenty year ? she nod from she perch . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you have be rescue they . she nod again , this time with a smile . hiccup ( cont 'd ) unbelievable . valka you be not upset ? hiccup what ? no. I do not know . it 's a bit much to get my head around , to be frank . it 's not every day you find out you mother be some kind of crazy , feral , vigilante dragon lady . valka chuckle , and use she dragon 's wing , lower herself to the ground like a skilled acrobat . valka at least I be not boring ... right ? hiccup I suppose there be that ... ( feeble , trail off ) ... one ... specific ... thing ... excite dragon rush up to greet hiccup and toothless . hiccup pet a few , marvel at the vast dragon utopia before he . valka do you like it ? hiccup I do not have the word . toothless snarl in annoyance as the curious , smother dragon sniff every part of he . valka can I ... ? he 's beautiful ! she reach out to stroke toothless , who purr at she touch . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 41 . valka ( cont 'd ) incredible . he might very well be the last of he kind . she inspect he talon as toothless roll onto he back , nuzzling she . valka ( cont 'd ) and look , he 's you age ! no wonder you get along so well . hiccup smile , astound by toothless ' affection for valka . she check he tooth . they recede into the gum at she touch . valka ( cont 'd ) and retractable tooth ? ah ! how do you manage to -- hiccup -- I find he in the wood . he be shot down and wounded . she wince and offer a sympathetic nod as she stand to caress a few of she own rescue dragon . valka this snafflef lose he leg to one of drago bludvist 's iron trap . this raincutter have she wing slice by razor netting . and this poor hobblegrunt be blind by a tree snare ... then leave to die alone and scared . ( be : toothless ' tail ) and what of this ? do drago or he trapper do this , too ? hiccup heh . well , crazy thing be ... I be actually the one who shot he down . she glare , confuse . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's okay though . he get I back . ( playfully , to toothless ) right , bud ? you could not save all of I , could you ? you just have to make it even . so ... peg leg ! hiccup rattles he prosthetic leg with a smirk . valka observe they playful rapport with curiosity . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 42. valka what do you father think of you night fury friend ? hiccup he do not take it all that well . she mutter in agreement . hiccup ( cont 'd ) but then ... he change . they all do . pretty soon everyone back home have dragon of they own . she smile at toothless , dismissive . valka if only it be possible . hiccup no , really , I -- valka -- believe I , I try , as well . but people be not capable of change , hiccup . some of we ... be just bear different . ext . berk village - night flashback dragon sweep from the sky , blow FIRE , carry off sheep and dry fish . Viking chase they down , hurl weapon . valka ( v.o . ) berk be a land of kill or be kill , but I believe peace be possible . a Viking be about to finish off a fell dragon , but valka chase up to he and tug at he arm . valka stop ! you will only make it worse ! the dragon take wing , escape to safety ... leave the Viking warrior glaring at valka . valka ( v.o . ) it be a very unpopular opinion . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 43. as he rush off , valka hear a clatter and whirl around to see a dragon ( cloudjumper ) claw its way through the roof of a house . valka hiccup ! int . stoick house - continuous flashback continued cloudjumper enter the house through the hole in the roof , sniff out a baby 's cradle in the corner . valka rush in , panicked . valka ( v.o . ) one night , a dragon break into we house , find you in the cradle . valka draw a sword quietly , slip up to the dragon , only to find it huddle protectively over the cradle as baby hiccup innocently play with one of its talon . valka ( v.o . ) I rush to protect you , but what I see ... be proof of everything I believe . valka 's careful approach cause a floorboard to squeak . spook , cloudjumper whip around to face she , accidentally scratching baby hiccup 's chin . they eye meet . valka lower she sword , transfix . valka ( v.o . ) this be not a vicious beast , but a intelligent , gentle creature , whose soul reflect my own . stoick 's axe spin through the air between they , barely miss cloudjumper and plant into a pillar . stoick valka , run ! alarm , cloudjumper whirl around at stoick and blast ! stoick dive out of the way as the FIRE splatter against the wall , burn a hole and set the room ablaze . the dragon move toward stoick , but valka grab hold . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 44 . valka do not ! it turn to face she again , lock eye , agitate . stoick hold on ! stoick dash through the fire toward hiccup and pull he out of the cradle . he pull he axe from the pillar ... valka ( o.s. ) no! stoick ! ... but in a whoosh of smoke and ember , the dragon and valka be gone . stoick valka ! valka ( distant ) stoick ! stoick and baby hiccup watch helplessly as the dragon spirit valka away into the night sky . stoick valka ... on baby hiccup' face , with the fresh nick on he chin ... match CUT to : int . dragon mountain - dawn present day hiccup' face , with the match scar . valka you and you father nearly die that night , all because I could not kill a dragon . hiccup yeah , it run in the family . valka it break my heart to stay away , but I believe you would be safer if I do . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 45 . hiccup consider this , then raise he eye to hers , see the sting of remorse . hiccup how do you survive ? valka oh , cloudjumper never mean to harm I . he must have think I belong here ... she lead he to the edge of raise natural terrace , overlook the steamy oasis with its flow hot spring waterfall . half - submerge in the warm lake below , a massive white dragon with pronounce , mammoth - like tusk rest benevolently on the bank , he stately countenance like that of a lion surround by he pride . valka ( cont 'd ) in the home of the great bewilderbeast . the alpha species . one of very few that still exist . ( beat ) every nest have its queen , but this be king of all dragon . dragon land and bow reverentially to the bewilderbeast . valka gesture to the spike ice ceiling that act as a sweat greenhouse . valka ( cont 'd ) with he icy breath , this graceful giant build we nest . a safe haven for dragon everywhere . on hiccup , put it together . hiccup wait , that 's the ice-spitter ? he 's responsible for all that destruction ? valka he protect we . we all live under he care . and he command . they pass a eggshell - litter nursery . hatchlings dart out of it , greeting they excitedly and incite chaos . toothless be overwhelm by they manic pick and scratch . cloudjumper balk and send they scatter . valka ( cont 'd ) all but the baby , of course ... httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 46 . the hatchling clamber on top of the bewilderbeast and play on he massive tusk , despite he authority . valka laugh . valka ( cont 'd ) ... who listen to no one . the bewilderbeast let out a frosty snort , send off the youngster to spread more mischief . now awaken , the bewilderbeast raise he gargantuan head to take a closer look at hiccup , come eye to massive eye . valka bow in he presence . as do toothless . valka ( cont 'd ) I have live among they for twenty year , hiccup , learn they way , discover they secret ... he acknowledge hiccup with another icy snort , slick back hiccup 's hair in a frosty veneer . valka laugh . valka ( cont 'd ) he like you . hiccup wow . she chuckle , delight in he awe . valka you must be hungry . hiccup uh , yeah . I could eat . valka good . it 's feed time . toothless tuck himself beneath cloudjumper 's wing , try to befriend he , but cloudjumper be not have any of it . he grimace and follow valka out . ext . OPEN sea - night ( scene 1200 - astrid take charge ) astrid and stormfly circle a lone iceberg , be use as a rest stop for the gang and they dragon . she land with a frown , eyeing the distance . astrid I do not like it . they should have be back with hiccup by now . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 47 . ruffnut I do not like it either . eret son of eret be the man of my dream . my everything ! snotlout but , baby , I grow facial hair for you . fishlegs stroke he peach fuzz beard , meek and deject . fishleg I , too . astrid what if drago shot they down ? what if they need we help ? ( resolute ) we have to find they . fishleg ( nervously ) what ? but stoick say ... astrid it do not matter what he say , if they have all be capture . come on ! she fly off , determine . ext . ice floe - night eret 's ship be beset by ice floe . the crew stir on deck as he pace , grumble , while nursing he head with a large chunk of ice . no - name do we go back ? eret we have nowhere to go ! nothing to sell ! and no head to call we own , if we do not turn up with dragon and fast -- he 's suddenly scoop up in stormfly 's talon . astrid careful what you wish for ! ug ( o.s. ) eret son of eret ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 48. net whiz past as astrid and the gang rocket out of range . eret what be this ?! astrid a kidnap . ruffnut grab he leg , clutching he possessively . ruffnut yay ! can he ride with I ? can he ? can he ? both eret and tuffnut groan in protest . astrid you be gonna show we the way to drago . eret and help dragon rider sneak into drago 's camp ? just kill I now . astrid that can be arrange . stormfly , drop it . in enthusiastic response , stormfly pop open she talon , send eret plummete . he wail and flail as he hurtle toward the ice far below . astrid ( cont 'd ) good girl ! stormfly , fetch . she dive after he , just as enthusiastically . on eret , terrify , as the ground rush up at he . eret all right ! okay ! i'll take you to drago ! stormfly suddenly snatch he out of he free- fall just before hit the ice . astrid giggle and crack she knuckle . astrid Works every time . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 49 . ext . sky - early morning ( scene 1600 - momma 's Boy ) begin montage hiccup and toothless follow valka and cloudjumper over a majestic fjord in the long ray of the low Arctic sun . hiccup peer over he shoulder to see that a thick flock of dragon -- nearly all of valka 's rescue -- be close on they tail . he turn back to he mother , confuse . hiccup hey , I think we be go to eat ? valka ( with a mischievous grin ) oh , we be . she direct he gaze below , where in the choppy water of the fjord , a group of seashocker dragon be corral a dense shoal of fish near the surface . suddenly , the bewilderbeast rise from deep below , scoop the fish up in its vast mouth as its tusk break the surface . it breach just below hiccup and toothless , give they a fright before spitting the fish into the air and crash back down into the sea . valka laugh at hiccup 's surprise as the hungry dragon race for the flail fish , scoop they out of the air . hiccup gesture to toothless to join in and he gladly scoops up a mouth full . ext . snowy shoreline - later montage continue ... hiccup have he map spread out in the snow , explain the various land he 's discover during he exploration . hiccup and from Dragon Island , I find this archipelago ... he look up to see that valka be no longer next to he , but she have sketch out the rest of the northern land mass in the snow , wow hiccup with just how far and wide she have explore . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 50 . she return to hiccup 's side with a smile . but he amazement be interrupt by toothless join in , draw all over valka 's map with a giant icicle . hiccup simply shrug as he mother giggle , and cloudjumper sneer . ext . windswept cliff - later valka and hiccup rise on they dragon , carry skyward by a strong coastal wind that thrust vertical up shoreline cliff . one by one , dragon leap from the cliff and catch the strong updraft , pop they wing open like kite . they ride the wind and orbit around each other in a colorful , mesmeric dance . it 's clearly a form of dragon play . hiccup , lift off of he saddle by the force of the wind , laugh giddily as he watch valka walk across cloudjumper 's wing and onto several other , dragon-hopping from one to another , until she gracefully cross toothless from wing tip to wing tip . she then drop out of sight , reappearing a moment later stand atop cloudjumper . hiccup be in utter awe of she . valka breathes in the frigid air . let it out blissfully . valka when I be up here , I do not even feel the cold . I just feel ... hiccup free . she smile at hiccup . he gleam back . valka this be what it be to be a dragon , hiccup . hiccup lock the pedal in the flare tail position and unbuckle himself . valka watch , curious . hiccup it 's all well and good to call yourself a dragon . hiccup run off of toothless , pull he stow wing . hiccup ( cont 'd ) but can you fly ? they catch the air , snapping OPEN ... and send he glide . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 51 . valka gasp , astonished . she fly she dragon alongside he , marvel , as ... ... hiccup soar , riding the wild air current like a eagle , the image of freedom . toothless descend steadily with he , hover protectively . hiccup grin , pleased at have impressed valka ... until he realize that he be once again racing toward a collision with a fast approach mountain top . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh no . toothless ! but , with he tail lock , toothless can not make the tight jackknife turn skyward to rescue hiccup . realizing that they're in trouble , valka and cloudjumper pour on the speed . all four of they collide just as they reach the mountain top , send they crash - landing in a explosion of snow . they all topple head over tail to a messy landing on the wind - sweep ridge and pop up laughing . hiccup ( cont 'd ) man ! almost ! we just about have it that time ! toothless raise he snow - pack face , glower . he tail - swipe hiccup off of he foot and back into the powder . valka inspect hiccup 's wing suit with utter fascination . valka incredible . hiccup well , not bad yourself . she caress he cheek , stare deep into he eye . hiccup do not recoil this time . valka all this time , you take after I . and where be I ? ( remorseful ) I be so sorry , hiccup . can we start over ? will you give I another chance ? hiccup smile , a simple acknowledgement that all be forgiven . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 52. valka ( cont 'd ) I can teach you all I have learn , this past twenty year . like ... valka find a spot at the top of toothless ' neck and rub in a circular pattern . in response , he dorsal blade slowly crack , split and extend , form a pronounce , aerodynamic ` V ' down the length of he back and tail . valka ( cont 'd ) now you can make that tight turn . toothless shudder , as if experience a much - need chiropractic adjustment . he bound over to hiccup , giddily retract and splaying he dorsal blade like a kid with a new toy . hiccup do you know about this ? valka smile , delight in they mutual amazement . valka every dragon have its secret . toothless pounce around , show off to cloudjumper , who seem thoroughly unimpress . valka ( cont 'd ) and I will show they all to you . we will unlock every mystery , find every last species , together , as mother and son . ( beat ) this gift we share , hiccup ... it bond we . this be who you be , son . who we be . we will change the world for all dragon ! we will make it a better , safer place ! hiccup that sound ... amazing . she pull he into a hug -- forceful , burst with emotion . hiccup hug valka back . they share a cathartic moment , before hiccup peel away from she . hiccup ( cont 'd ) this be so great ! now you and I can go talk to drago -- together ! she chuckle , incredulous . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 53. valka what ? there 's no talk to drago . hiccup but we have to -- valka -- no . we must protect we own . hiccup stare , exasperate by the familiar line . cloudjumper lumber over , eager to be rid of toothless ' puppy - like energy . valka pet he . valka ( cont 'd ) now come on , we should be get back . before hiccup can say anymore , he hear heavy breathe next to he , and look over to see toothless with a gape grin , clap he dorsal blade . ext . ice cave - day ( scene 1350 - meet drago ) astrid and the gang stealthily approach a cluster of tabular iceberg , collapse against each other at the mouth of a maze . stormfly drop eret to the snow , but before he can flee , she land atop he and nest like a hen with she egg . eret agghh ! okay ! I get you here , now get this thing off I ! astrid never take a toy from a dragon . do not you know anything ? stormfly crush he in place under she weight . eret ( strained ) gah ! why do this keep happen to I ? astrid crawl up the rise ridge to reveal ... a massive flotilla , moor together like a float camp in the deep water between collide iceberg . thick chain run deep into the water , where great blast of bubbles erupt on the surface . the unseen creature rock the ship . its effect alone describe it as gargantuan . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 54 . astrid what 's down there ? fishlegs rifle through he note card contain in he belt pouch . fishleg large diameter bubbles , massive lung , cold water deep dweller , I be think class five leviathan , maybe six . suddenly , stormfly be alert to a encroach menace and take wing . blow dart whiz through the air , hit the other dragon . the effect be immediate -- they fall to the ground , unconscious . drugged . hiccup meatlug ! what 's wrong , girl ? eret spring to he foot and draw he blade . astrid and the gang find themselves surround by soldier , camouflage in polar bear fur , and poise to fire dart . they be outnumber . fishlegs raise he hand , drop the card . ext . drago' ship - deck - moment later drago bludvist , a hulk figure drape in a dragon skin cloak , crouch over the prow of the fleet 's grisly flagship , adorn in massive dragon bone and skull . his scar face be mask by thick , grizzle dreadlock . eret ( o.s. ) drago ! drago turn to see astrid , eret , and the gang be forcibly escort onto the deck . eret shake himself free . eret ( cont 'd ) get off I ! in the background , a sledge , load with hookfang , meatlug , belch and barf -- all unconscious -- be drag onto the deck by armored dragon . eret ( cont 'd ) always great to see you , my friend ! keeping warm up here ? the soldier disarm he , push he forward as drago approach . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 55 . eret ( cont 'd ) well , as you can see , I be right on time with a new batch of dragon , just like I promise . hookfang awaken , groggily shaking off the effect of the blow - dart . he rear as soldier struggle to reign he in . soldier # 1 watch out ! he 's waking up ! keep he steady ! soldier # 2 give I some backup here ! drago Drop the rope . they do so . hookfang buck and roar , chase off the soldier , then focus on drago as he close in . the armored dragon avert they eye and cower as drago pass . hookfang hiss a warning , but drago approach , undaunted . hookfang blast . in a blur , drago wrap himself in he dragon skin cloak . the sticky , napalm - like fire splatter against the fireproof scale , envelop drago in drip flame as he persist forward without miss a step . as the blast end , drago drop the cloak , close in and hold a cold stare . hookfang let out a ferocious roar . drago yell back with a fierce , savage scream , interrupt hookfang and cause he to recoil . drago whirl he bull - hook overhead and stab it into the deck plank . hookfang stir , he aggression fade in the face of drago 's unflinch show of dominance . after a moment , hookfang avert he eye and lower he head in submission . drago place he boot upon hookfang 's snout , press it into the deck plank . snotlout hookfang ! ruffnut hey ! astrid what be you do ? httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 56 . drago ( quiet , to the dragon ) you belong to I now . eret and as a add bonus , I also catch you they rider . no extra charge . drago notice the saddle on hookfang 's back . his eye wander to the saddle on meatlug . alarm flash in drago 's eye . astrid what ?! be you kid I ?! ruffnut but you be so perfect ! eret turn out , there 's a whole bunch of they out there . they -- in a flash , drago stop toward eret and seize he by the throat . drago how many ? as eret choke , stammer , astrid whisper to the gang . astrid drago do not have they after all . drago how many ?! astrid hundred ! a whole island full ! his grip tighten around eret 's neck as he turn to astrid . eret I would not worry about it . my man be hunt they down as we speak . they will not know where you be hide . I promise you that . astrid nod a covert signal to the gang -- she have a plan . astrid oh , yes they will ! drago drop eret as astrid advance , stare drago down . eret try to signal she to stop , but it 's no use . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 57 . astrid ( cont 'd ) they know we be miss and they have tracking dragon . if you so much as touch we , hiccup be gonna kick -- drago -- hiccup ? eret he 's not a problem . really . trust I . astrid he 's only the son of stoick the vast ... drago 's eye narrow upon hearing stoick 's name . astrid ( cont 'd ) ... he heir to the throne of berk ... and the great dragon master this world have ever see ! drago Dragon master ? I alone control the dragon ! tuffnut nope . fishleg sorry ! astrid and unless you let we go , right now , he will blast through here on he night fury and blow you entire fleet of ship to splinter ! eret slip away , try to distance himself from the tension . ruffnut then they will be cry like baby ! snotlout funny and beautiful . fishleg good one , babe ! ruffnut groan , exasperate by they smarmy advance . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 58. tuffnut yeah . like baby . they always cry . Real tiny one ... drago grab eret by the face and bear down on he . drago first there be one rider . and now all of berk . ( to eret ) and you lead they to I . he throws eret across the deck . eret drago ! drago cease all preparation ! we must attack the dragon rider' nest at once ! ( savoring it ) we will take down there alpha ... and then we will take berk ! Soldiers cheer in the thousand . eret you be overreact ! drago and get rid of he . eret drago , please ... the soldier hurl throw knife at eret ... but stormfly land in a blur of wing , shield eret from the flurry of blade . she whip she tail , throw spike in all direction . astrid stormfly ! stormfly roar protectively , hide eret within she wing , until a well - blow dart sink into she neck , bring she down ... astrid ( cont 'd ) no ! revealing eret , gawk in shock . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 59 . int . dragon mountain - oasis - morning ( scene 1800 - family reunion ) hiccup reattach he flight suit while stand on a ledge overlook the utopian nest , teeming with dragon . several baby race in to hassle toothless as he nap . hiccup ( determine ) well , bud , we can not wait around for drago to attack this place . we have gotta find he first . let 's go . suddenly , a thick hand clamp down over hiccup 's face -- muffle he scream ! toothless whirl around to find stoick , tower over hiccup . he calm toothless with a touch and release hiccup . stoick easy now . hiccup be you kid I ? how would you get in here ? stoick the same way we be get you out . hiccup we ? gobber appear in the arch of a tunnel . gobber all clear ! stoick toothless . come . they hurry back into the wind corridor . hiccup dad ! there 's something you need to know ! stoick yeah , yeah , tell I on the way . hiccup this be not a on- the- way kind of update , actually ... httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 60 . stoick I have hear enough , hiccup . hiccup ... more of the earth - shatter development variety . stoick yeah , just add it to the pile . hiccup dad , unlike most surprise I spring on you , this be one you will like . I promise ! you just have to handle it delicately , so ... they round a tight bend in the corridor to find gobber stare blankly at something unseen in the next chamber . he shuffles past stoick and hiccup , daze . gobber uh , you might want to take this one . oh , boy . stoick draw he sword , then brave into the chamber ahead . hiccup dad , can you put the sword away ... please ? stoick gasp as if see a ghost ... and drop he sword with a clatter . valka stand some twenty pace ahead of he , block the path . she let out a audible shudder upon see he . he remove he helmet slowly as hiccup , gobber , and toothless appear at stoick 's side . valka ( rattled ) I know what you be go to say , stoick . how could I have do this ? stay away all of this year . and why do not I come back to you ? to we son . stoick step towards she , wide - eye and speechless . dragon emerge from the recess behind valka , hiss protectively . valka ( cont 'd ) well , what sign do I have that you could change , stoick ? that anyone on berk could ? ( more ) httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 61 . valka ( cont 'd ) I plead so many time to stop the fight , to find another answer , but do any of you listen ? gobber this be why I never marry . ( beat ) this and one other reason . stoick continue to close the gap , mesmerize . with every step , valka become increasingly flustered . she back into a ice wall , with nowhere to go , and stoick just a few pace away . valka ( tearful ) I know that I leave you to raise hiccup alone ... but I think he would be better off without I . and I be wrong , I see that now , but ... stoick gently reach a hand toward she face . valka ( cont 'd ) oh stop be so stoic , stoick . go on ... shout , scream , say something ! stoick you be as beautiful as the day I lose you . his word snuff she retort , rendering she speechless . she soften despite herself , yield she cheek to he palm . he caress she skin as a reluctant tear run through he finger . he pull she into a kiss . she resist briefly , then give in . the surround dragon softly retreat in kind . hiccup gape , warm by the sight of he parent reunite . ext . ice channel - day ( scene 1750 - eret 's turn ) drago 's massive flagship lead the flotilla , pull along forcefully by whatever 's at the other end of the enormous chain . drago whack the chain with he bullhook , spurring it forward . on drago' ship httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 62. eret , astrid , and the gang be escort to the stern , surround by several of drago 's soldier . wrist bound . spear tip press into they back . snotlout could this day get any worse ? tuffnut uh , let I see . you will jump into freezing cold water and then die from drown . they reach the gang plank . eret peer overboard at the deep , icy water below . eret look refresh . he turn to astrid , meeting she glare with mock chivalry . eret ( cont 'd ) please , lady first . a pair of soldier grab astrid by the arm . astrid you be a steaming heap of dragon -- eret -- duck . eret whirl around , round -housing both soldier . they go down , heavily . he catch one of they spear with he bound hand and slice he rope free . they fall away as he catch the other spear , twirling both in invitation . soldier warn the other ! one soldier run to send up the alarm ... while the last two raise blow dart tube . eret swipe the first off of he leg , send the dart into the neck of the second . ruffnut get `em , you son of a eret ! as the down soldier scramble to they foot , fishlegs fall over , crushing they under he weight . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 63. eret catch the fall tube from the second soldier and blows the dart at the flee third . the soldier drop , unconscious -- just shy of the Captain 's quarter . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) okay , I love you again . ruffnut skip past snotlout on she way to eret . snotlout watch , crestfallen . tuffnut ugh. pathetic . you can still jump . eret avoid ruffnut and turn to astrid . eret so ? be we go to save you dragon and get out of here or not ? astrid narrow she eye , not know what to make of he . he reclaim he sword and dagger from the unconscious soldier who take they and cut tuffnut free . eret ( cont 'd ) check every trap . they be here somewhere . ext . drago' ship - moment later astrid slip under a tarp and crank open a metal trap . she peer between its massive iron tooth , discover meatlug within , bound and chain to its base as bait . astrid meatlug ? on eret carefully cranking another trap , wince at the sound . the iron jaw of the trap open wider with every click . eret anyone come ? ruffnut " stand guard , " fixate on eret 's rippling biceps . ruffnut I do not know . you just keep do what you be do . keep crankin ' ... eret squeeze between the cocked tooth , find stormfly within , muzzle and chain . she look up at eret , calming immediately . he pause , then approach slowly . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 64 . eret carefully reach out and stroke stormfly 's muzzle . eret thank you for save my life . ( beat ) now let I return the favor . int . dragon mountain - valka' live quarter - late afternoon ( scene 1850 - the last dance ) as toothless and cloudjumper hover for scrap , stoick and valka prepare skewer of fish . she 's overwhelm , lose in she thought , and cover it up poorly . hiccup Mom , you would never recognize it ! where we use to make weapon , we now build saddle , wing sling -- we even fix dragon tooth ! you would not believe how much everything 's change ! valka offer a skittish half - smile and hand he a plate . stoick we son 's change berk for the better . I think we do well with this one , Val . hiccup thanks , dad . stoick place he hand on valka 's shoulder . she flinch , drop the plate . cloudjumper steal the fish before toothless can get to it . toothless whimper , and as a sign of acceptance , cloudjumper regurgitate the fish so toothless can have some . valka I be ... a little out of practice . stoick ( sweetly ) well , y'know ... I do not marry you for you cooking . gobber ( to hiccup and grump ) I hope not . her meatball could kill more beast than a battle axe . ( more ) httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 65 . gobber ( cont 'd ) I have still get a few knock around in here . ha ha ! gobber take a bite , gag , and dump the entire plate of fish skewer into grump 's mouth like a trash can . hiccup and once you move back in , with all of you dragon , drago will not even stand a chance . everything will be okay ! stoick can see that valka be overwhelm . he lay a hand upon hiccup 's shoulder , calming he . stoick slow down , son . it 's a lot to take in . hiccup oh. gotcha . valka cross the room to fill a flask with water , back turn to the group , as stoick eye she sympathetically . he decide on a different approach ... and whistle a familiar tune . on valka , as she eye widen , stir , recognize the melody . she turn away from stoick , as the water overflow from the flask . gobber oh , I love this one ! stoick approach she delicately . stoick ( whispered ) remember we song , Val ? hiccup watch he , curious , as stoick fumble through the first verse of a old Viking court song : stoick ( cont 'd ) ( singing softly ) I will swim and sail on savage seas , with not 'er a fear of drown . and gladly ride the wave of life , if you will marry I . valka avoid he gaze , wallowing in a mess of emotion . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 66 . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( singing ) no scorching sun , nor freezing cold will -- gobber ( singing ) -- will stop I on my journey ! ( catch himself , embarrassed ) sorry . stoick scowl at he , then return he attention to valka . stoick ( singing ) if you will promise I you heart ... stoick pause , set valka up for she part of the duet . stoick ( cont 'd ) and love ... stoick hang eagerly , await she word , but valka close she eye , rejecting he invitation . he let out a heavy - heart sigh . but nostalgia get the better of valka . she softly sing her part : valka ( singing ) and love I for eternity . stoick beam . she brushes past he , set into the center of the chamber and hold she forearm aloft in invitation . stoick cross he forearm against hers , initiate a beautiful dance to accompany the song . valka ( cont 'd ) ( singing ) my dearest one , my darling dear , you mighty word astound I . but I have no need of mighty deed , when I feel you arm around I . the dance be full of charming misstep as stoick and valka recreate a moment from they past , before hiccup 's wonder - strike eye . stoick ( singing ) but I would bring you ring of gold . I would even sing you poetry . ( more ) httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 67 . stoick ( cont 'd ) and I would keep you from all harm , if you would stay here beside I . valka ( singing ) I have no use for ring of gold . I care not for you poetry . I only want you hand to hold . I only want you near I . gobber can not help himself . he drag hiccup onto he foot so that he can join in the dance , too . gobber c'mon , hiccup ! valka , stoick , &amp ; gobber ( singing ) to love and kiss , to sweetly hold . for the dance and the dream . through all life 's sorrow and delight , I will keep you love inside I . hiccup be amaze by the sight of he giddy parent , spin and laugh in each other ' arm , reunite . valka , stoick , &amp ; gobber ( cont 'd ) ( singing ) I will swim and sail through savage seas , with not 'er a fear of drown . and gladly ride the wave of life , if you will marry I ! gobber carry the last note ... gobber ( singing ) I be still go ... hiccup tap he . hiccup gobber ! gobber I be do . valka and stoick slow to a stop , winded and laughing . stoick ah ... I think I would have to die before we would have that dance again . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 68. valka no need for drastic measure . stoick for you , my dear ... anything . she smile sweetly . stoick 's eye well with tear . he go down on one knee , propose to she anew . stoick ( cont 'd ) will you come home , Val ? will you be my wife once again ? toothless nudge valka closer to stoick . they laugh as hiccup join they . stoick throw he arm around he . stoick ( cont 'd ) we can be a family ! what do you say ? valka , between tear and laughter , turn to hiccup . valka yes ! gobber pop he head in . gobber great ! I will do the cooking ! they laugh . stoick thank odin you do not listen to I , son . we never would have find each other . suddenly , toothless and cloudjumper suddenly perk up , sense something unheard . hiccup notice . hiccup toothless ? dragon swarm past valka 's chamber , racing toward some unknown disturbance . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what 's happen ? they be answer by subsequent heavy boom that reverberate through the fortress . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 69 . ext . dragon mountain - moment later ( scene 1900 - surprise guest ) valka rush out to find ... drago' armada in the lagoon below and he force of thousand now land upon the beach . they launch catapult and ballistas into the icy spire , gain entrance into the mountain 's tunnel . hiccup , stoick , and gobber catch up to valka . hiccup oh , no ... valka try to hurry off , fume . stoick stop she . stoick Val ! it 's all right , it 's all right . we be a team now . ( beat ) now what do you want to do ? she glance from hiccup to stoick . valka we have to save the dragon . stoick ( determine ) aye . you get it ! he throw a arm around hiccup . stoick ( cont 'd ) come on , son . on the battlefield valka' dragon swoop down to engage the attacker , pick up soldier and carry they off while drago stand in the line of fire , unflinch . the catapult continue to bring down the icy defense of dragon mountain . drago 's man pour into the tunnel . drago whatever come , keep hit the mountain ! we need to draw the alpha out . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 70 . drago 's armored dragon army take wing , clash with valka 's dragon in the sky . drago ( cont 'd ) ready the trap ! Iron jaw be open like bear trap , revealing screeching `bait ' dragon within . valka 's dragon swoop down to rescue they , only to be snapped up in the fearsome jaw . a second set of trap be cocked open , but instead of dragon cry , zippleback gas seep out ... follow by a explosion . the twins rocket out of the trap , riding barf and belch . tuffnut surprise ! yeah ! drago what ?! they be join by astrid and the rest of the gang , burst out of the trap atop meatlug and hookfang . eret come fly out last , wailing aboard stormfly . he struggle to hold on , as she rejoin astrid ( riding meatlug , along with fishlegs ) . he give they a sheepish shrug . astrid you really be full of surprise . she leap onto stormfly , steadying they . astrid ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! together they rocket across the sky ... tuffnut Dragon rider come through ! and dive - bomb the trap , set they aflame . the yoke and leather binding restrain the bait dragon be incinerate , freeing they to fly away , unharme . drago CUT they down ! projectile be launch , one of which knock ruffnut off she dragon . she plummet past eret toward the rocky shore below . ruffnut eret , son of eret ! she suddenly grab by both arm before hit the rock . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 71 . ruffnut's Pov : of snotlout on one side ... and fishlegs on the other . soft and romanticized as she epiphany dawns . above they , more catapult fire , bring down massive spire of ice , directly over astrid and eret . astrid up , girl ! to the leave , eret ! that 's it ! look out ! it 's about to crush they when ... it 's blown to piece by toothless ' fireball . hiccup , stoick , and gobber come burst through the flame on they dragon . hiccup and toothless arc across the sky triumphantly and set they sight on a down dragon surround by soldier . toothless blast one of drago 's net launcher , knock it onto its side . stoick then chop the trigger line , firing the catapult and netting the throng of soldier , freeing the dragon . drago 's archer target stoick with they arrow . archer take `em down ! gobber head up ! gobber fly up from behind , knocking the archer out with grump 's tail . gobber chuckle . drago hear toothless ' tell - tale banshee scream and turn to see he streaking across the sky . drago Dragon master . hiccup catch up to astrid and eret on stormfly . hiccup welcome aboard , dragon rider ! eret thanks . I think . astrid glare , both relieved and annoyed to see hiccup . astrid where have you be ? hiccup oh , y'know . catch up with Mom . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 72. astrid shoot he a confuse glare . he nod skyward . astrid and eret look up to see ... valka , in full warrior garb , rise from the tower ice spike , atop cloudjumper . eret whoa ... a earth -tremble roar follow as the bewilderbeast rise behind valka . astrid that 's you mother ?! hiccup well , now you know where I get my dramatic flair . on drago , gawk in awe as the great bewilderbeast blast a epic explosion of ice upon the attacker . drago the alpha ! now we have a fight ! valka blast overhead on cloudjumper , commanding swarm of dragon to swoop down and attack drago 's army . a swarm of Zippleback set themselves aflame and roll like fiery wagon wheel through the battlefield , scatter soldier and destroy war machine . one of they get caught under a Dragon swatter , but hiccup and toothless double - back for a rescue . hiccup there ! come on , toothless ! show they what you get , bud . toothless dive - bomb the swatter and destroy it with a plasma bolt , freeing the dragon . hiccup ( cont 'd ) thatta boy ! back to valka , on cloudjumper as they pry drago 's armored dragon off of the flail wild one . a net suddenly envelop cloudjumper . they crash heavily , but valka cut herself free , slide to a stop just pace away from drago . drago I have wait a long time for this ! drago cock he bull hook , ready to strike , but valka deflect drago 's hit and attack he . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 73. valka you can not take we dragon ! they be control by the alpha ! drago ( smug ) then it 's a good thing I bring a challenger . he turn to the flagship and yell savagely , whirling he bullhook overhead . the heavy chain be release . the underwater creature , now freed , break the surface in a epic cascade of seawater . it rise toward the shoreline , revealing itself to be ... a second bewilderbeast -- bigger , meaner , and cover in scar that indicate year of training and abuse . the chain fall away from iron cuff fastened to its massive tusk . valka gasp . hiccup ( horrified ) another one ? fishleg I be way off ! that be a CLASS ten ! CLASS ten ! drago 's challenger lumber onto the beach , focus on valka 's bewilderbeast . valka no. no. drago come on ! take down the alpha ! valka attack drago with she bullhook , try to stop he command , but drago strike back , knock she forcefully onto she back . he pin she as she struggle , remove she mask and staff . he 's about to finish she off , when wham ! he 's knock to the ground . he look up , fume , to see stoick help valka to she foot . valka thank you . stoick for you , my dear ... anything . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 74 . as drago gather he weapon and drop he heavy cloak , circle stoick , drago 's bewilderbeast confront valka 's in a threat display . stoick ( cont 'd ) Val , do you think you can stop they ? valka I will do my best ! come on , cloudjumper ! valka cut the net away and hop onto cloudjumper , fly off toward the bewilderbeast as they charge each other , clashing tusk . drago lunge at stoick , swiping he bullhook . drago you ... I watch you burn ! the two impose warrior clash weapon , slashing and landing punch . stoick it take more than a little fire to kill I ! valka fly between the bewilderbeast , wave she staff commandingly , but to no effect . back to stoick and drago as drago hook and yank the axe out of stoick 's hand . gobber fly by and hurl he mace attachment . gobber stoick ! stoick catch it and land a direct hit on drago . but , with a devastating swipe , drago 's bewilderbeast take down valka 's , plunging in its tusk and bury its opponent 's lifeless body under a avalanche . valka no ! hiccup and the other watch in horror as dragon everywhere land and bow they head in acknowledgement of the new alpha - - drago' alpha . drago we have win . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 75 . drago point he bullhook toward valka and cloudjumper . drago ( cont 'd ) now finish she ! stoick whirl around , spot valka and cloudjumper in the alpha 's sight . stoick no ! drago 's bewilderbeast inhales ... and blast ! valka steer cloudjumper out of the way , but ice hit he tail , cause they to spiral out of control toward the icy spire . stoick ( cont 'd ) hold on ! he leap onto skullcrusher , spurring he into the air . stoick ( cont 'd ) skullcrusher , go ! come on , gobber ! stoick toss the mace back to gobber in pass , who follow brazenly , wave it aloft . gobber right behind ya , stoick ! ext . dragon mountain - continuous ( scene 2000 - stoick 's sacrifice ) with he tail impair , cloudjumper struggle against a throng of oncoming dragon . valka be knock off , but manage to cling to she dragon 's neck . as she lose she grip and fall ... stoick leap from skullcrusher and catch valka . he sink he axe into a icy column , and they slide to a safe landing . drago 's bewilderbeast press closer , sniff they out . back to hiccup , spot drago on the battlefield , commanding the bewilderbeast to finish the job . hiccup stop ! stop ! hiccup land toothless a few pace from drago and brazenly remove he helmet . drago eye he , incredulous , then begin to chuckle . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 76 . drago this ... be the great dragon master ? the son of stoick the vast ? what shame he must feel . toothless snarl , ready to blast , but hiccup calm he with a hand gesture . hiccup all of this loss , and for what ? to become unstoppable ? to rule the world ? drago smirk and turn away from hiccup . hiccup ( cont 'd ) dragon be kind , amazing creature that can bring people together . drago or tear they apart . drago laugh mockingly , then remove he false arm , revealing a stump at he shoulder . hiccup be take aback . drago ( cont 'd ) you see , I know what it be to live in fear . to see my village burn , my family take . he reattach the prosthesis , circle hiccup menacingly . drago ( cont 'd ) but even as a boy , leave with nothing , I vow to rise above the fear of dragon and liberate the people of this world . hiccup then why a dragon army ? drago ( grin , smug ) well , you need dragon to conquer other dragon . hiccup or maybe you need dragon to conquer people . ( beat ) to control that who follow you ... and to get rid of that who will not . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 77 . drago clever boy . drago grab he bullhook and re-approach hiccup . toothless ready himself . hiccup the world want peace . and we have the answer , back on berk . just let I show you . drago no ! let I show you . drago shriek madly , summoning the bewilderbeast . toothless circle hiccup , protectively . on the bewilderbeast , about to blast stoick and valka . it hear drago 's distant wail , and approach obediently . stoick what ...? stoick follow its stare to the distant battlefield below . he spot hiccup and toothless a few pace from drago . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) hiccup ! he rush off . valka follow , racing past gobber as he finally join they , wind from have run up the mountain . stoick ( cont 'd ) come on , gobber ! gobber okay , change of plan . he hurry back down the mountain after they . back to drago jabbing he bullhook into the ground commandingly . the bewilderbeast flinch and stop , submissive . drago no dragon can resist the alpha 's command . so he who control the alpha , control they all . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 78. drago point to toothless . the bewilderbeast stare and hiss , force toothless to cower under a hypnotic ultrasonic broadcast . toothless struggle against the alpha 's command , writhe and grind he head against the ground . hiccup toothless ? you okay , bud ? what 's go on ? toothless fight the command , shaking he head in protest . the bewilderbeast insist , with a mesmerize glare and a low , throaty grumble ... until toothless finally succumb to its control . he raise he head , he stare vacant and robotic , as he pupil turn to slit . drago then point to hiccup . the bewilderbeast respond , hissing again at toothless . drago Witness true strength . the strength of will over other . in the face of it , you be nothing . toothless slowly turn to face hiccup . advance . hiccup uh , what do he just tell you ? on stoick bound across the ice , push himself to make it to hiccup in time . back on hiccup hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless , what 's the matter with you ? what be you do ? hiccup be back against fall ice , with toothless advance mindlessly , and nowhere to run . toothless open he yawn mouth . Gas seep from he throat . hiccup ( cont 'd ) knock it off ! stop ! snap out of it ! stoick barrel through ice formation and over war machine , racing against time . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! no! toothless ! do not ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 79 . stoick hiccup ! hiccup stop ! stoick son ! hiccup see stoick about to run into the fray . hiccup dad ! no ! toothless blast . stoick leap in front of it , shove hiccup out of the way and absorb the blast in the process . he 's throw against the ice with great impact . on valka , hearing the blast , horrify . drago glance back , see stoick lay lifeless in the aftermath , pleased by the sudden turn of event . he shuffles off , satisfied . stun , hiccup come to and see stoick in the rubble . he rush past the still - entrance toothless , strain to scatter the ice boulder on top of stoick 's body . hiccup ( cont 'd ) dad ! valka arrive , wind and aghast . valka stoick ... she help hiccup to turn stoick 's body over . valka press she ear to stoick 's heart , confirm he death with a mere glance to hiccup . he tear up , overwhelm . hiccup no ... you ... gobber , astrid , eret , and the gang arrive , slack - jaw . satisfied , the bewilderbeast turn away , release toothless of the trance - like state . toothless blink , come to and confuse . he approach the group , sniff stoick 's hand . hiccup shove he . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no ! get away from he ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 80 . toothless recoil , innocently . hiccup ( cont 'd ) go on ! get out of here ! get away ! toothless retreat like a scold dog , ear plate back and head hang low . valka watch , broken-hearted , as hiccup fall upon stoick , inconsolable . valka it 's not he fault . you know that . on the battlefield , the alpha bellows , call all of the dragon to gather . meatlug , stormfly , hookfang and the other all follow the command as the gang call after they . valka ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) good dragon under the control of bad people do bad thing . drago notice toothless tumble down a snow - bank , once again slit-ey and entrance , but unable to fly to the alpha without a rider . drago pin he down , eyeing the saddle , pedal , and prosthetic tail . on hiccup and valka in tear as toothless rise into view , with drago in the saddle . drago gather the men and meet at berk ! his soldier cheer in the thousand . hiccup toothless ! hiccup try to go after toothless , but valka hold he back . valka no , do not ! drago jab he bull hook and point toward the horizon . the alpha bellows , commanding a exodus as it lead the way . drago move out ! hiccup watch , powerless as all dragon take wing and follow . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 81. ext . dragon mountain - lagoon - dusk ( scene 2100 - Viking funeral ) a keel grind against the shoreline pebble as a list , batter ship be push into the still iceberg - fill lagoon . gobber ( v.o. ) May the valkyry welcome you , and lead you through odin 's great battlefield . May they sing you name with love and fury , so that we might hear it rise from the height of valhalla ... and know that you have take you rightful place at the table of king . bow and pitch - dip arrow be gather from the battlefield . gobber hand a set to hiccup , meeting he eye with sympathetic glance . gobber ( v.o. ) for a great man have fall . a warrior . a chieftain . a father . a friend . hiccup dip he arrowhead in a smolder chunk of wreckage , ignite the pitch that coat the tip . he release he arrow , which sail through the air and land on the deck of the ship , where stoick be laid out on a pyre , cover by a sail , he axe upon he chest . the other follow hiccup 's lead . they draw back in unison and loose they arrow , fill the sky with crisscross , flame streak . they arc over the lagoon and set the ship alight . on hiccup , fight back emotion and lose the battle . hiccup I be sorry , dad . he eye the engulf ship . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I be not the chief that you want I to be . and I be not peacekeeper I think I be . I do not know ... valka watch he , she heart break . she step forward . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 82. valka you come early into this world . you be such a wee thing . so frail , so fragile . I fear you would not make it . hiccup lower he eye , but valka lift he chin . valka ( cont 'd ) but you father ... he never doubted . he always say you would become the strongest of they all . ( beat ) and he be right . ( beat ) you have the heart of a chief and the soul of a dragon . only you can bring we world together . that be who you be , son . hiccup meet she bolster stare . he turn to the ship and watch it in silence , silhouett in its glow . hiccup I be so afraid of become my dad . mostly because I think I never could . how do you become someone that great ? that brave ? that selfless ? ( beat ) I guess you can only try . ( to the other ) a chief protect he own . we be go back . tuffnut uh , with what ? ruffnut he take all the dragon . hiccup not all of they . ext . ice channel - moment later ( scene 2200 - hatchling to the rescue ) whoosh ! whoosh ! whoosh ! juvenile blur past , like fly raptor , zighagging wildly . Riding bareback , hiccup &amp ; Co. hurtle through the narrow ice channel -- create by massive split in the iceberg shelf . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 83. ruffnut fly straight ! fishleg I do not want to die ! tuffnut we can not fly this thing ! fishleg yeah , no kid ! fishlegs barrel into a snow bank , send several chunks right into eret 's face as ride invert and hollering . astrid but will not that bewilderbeast just take control of this guy , too ? hiccup they be baby . they do not listen to anyone ! tuffnut yeah , just like we ! gobber follow up the rear clumsily , struggling for control . gobber this ... be ... very dangerous ! he pull alongside hiccup and valka . gobber ( cont 'd ) some might suggest this be poorly conceive . hiccup well , it 's a good thing that I never listen . a sharp ridge rush up at they . they be go to crash . hiccup round one side of it , and gobber fly down the other side . they shout through gap in the iceberg . gobber so what be you plan ?! hiccup get toothless back and kick drago 's - he 's interrupt by another closure in the gap of ice . they blast out of the other side . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 84 . gobber head up ! they split to avoid another peak and then reconvene , only to find another icy outcropping directly in they path . hiccup and that thing . gobber hit it , with a thud and a yelp . ext . berk - night ( scene 2450 - hiccup vs. toothless ) torch burn in they brazier as berk slumber ... until the bewilderbeast approach , stomping down on the monolithic Viking statue that guard the harbor . int . gothi be house - continuous the sound of destruction rouse a flock of terrible terror and gothi , who be sleep under the dragon . they pupil turn to slit , and heed the ultrasonic call , they fly off . gothi shuffles onto she deck , confuse , then gasp at horrifying sight . int . viking hut - continuous a gronckle lounge peacefully by the fire , as he Viking owner lavish he with scratch . hoark ah , that 's a good boy ! the gronckle 's eye suddenly turn to slit and it , too , take wing , knock over a chair and table as it head for the door . hoark ( cont 'd ) watch the furniture ! where be you go ? it barrel out of the hut and into the night sky as the Viking rush to the doorway , spot the same arrest sight with a gasp . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 85 . ext . great hall - continuous Viking pour out of the great Hall as all of berk 's dragon fill the night sky and join the rank of drago 's grow dragon army . the bewilderbeast rise out of the sea , bear down on the people of berk as drago hover on toothless , lead the charge . the Viking stare , aghast . drago you chief be dead . wave of shock and whisper of " stoick ? " spread through the crowd . drago ( cont 'd ) no one can protect you now . he thrust he bull -hook , commanding the bewilderbeast to fire . the Viking watch in horror as the bewilderbeast open its yawn jaw and blast . ext . skie / berk - night Dragon roar grow louder as hiccup &amp ; Co. approach through cloud , racing against time . they collectively gasp at the sight of drago 's bewilderbeast have now cover most of the village in explosion of ice . berk 's now commandeer dragon circle in a huddle behind he , join valka 's flock , and corral by drago 's armored dragon . hiccup no ... fishleg he take all the dragon ! hiccup ( fuming ) distract the alpha . try to keep he focus off of toothless . tuffnut uh ... how ? eret have you forget who you be riding with ? he brazenly aim he baby dragon toward the bewilderbeast . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 86 . eret ( cont 'd ) there be not a dragon alive that I can not wrangle ! his baby dragon dive toward the sea instead . eret ( cont 'd ) except for this one ! snotlout amateur . the other shrug and follow . as they get closer , the bewilderbeast loom bigger and bigger . berk 's Viking in hide notice hiccup and the other as they approach . viking # 1 look , it 's hiccup ! the Viking cheer . on drago , surprised to see hiccup and the other approach . drago what ? with a irate huff , the bewilderbeast focus on hiccup , gain ever closer to toothless . suddenly , a sheep appear in its sight , rise and fall out of view . the bewilderbeast blink , confuse . it look down to see eret catch the fall sheep and reloading it into the game launcher , as tuffnut cock the mechanism and ruffnut pull the trigger . ruffnut keep `em come ! snotlout toss the black sheep to tuffnut . snotlout Black sheep , baby ! exasperate , the alpha inhale , about to blast , when ... honk ! the game horn blare , break he concentration . he turn , find the horn unmanned . the bewilderbeast then return he focus to the sheep launcher , until the black sheep land on the he face , bounce down he facial spine and become lodge . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 87 . snotlout ( cont 'd ) ten point ! the bewilderbeast shake the black sheep off and prepare to blast again . snotlout ( cont 'd ) uh-oh ... honk ! the alpha whip around -- still no one at the horn . on fishleg , giggle and hide behind the game horn . the bewilderbeast finally let loose the ice blast , cover the entire horn in jag spike ... as fishlegs leap from the platform . fishleg I be okay ! back to hiccup as he reach drago , hover directly in toothless ' sight . drago you certainly be hard to get rid of . I will say that . hiccup ignore he and focus on toothless ' slitted pupil . hiccup toothless ? it 's I , bud . it 's I . I be right here . come back to I . toothless ' Pov : hiccup appear as a unfamiliar red blur , still firmly under the control of the bewilderbeast . drago he be not yours anymore . he belong to the alpha ! drago smugly sit back in the saddle , he arm open in invitation . drago ( cont 'd ) but , please , oh great dragon master , try to take he . he will not miss a second time . hiccup hold strong , maintain eye contact with toothless . he reach out to touch he . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 88. hiccup it be not you fault , bud . they make you do it . drago 's amusement fade as toothless stir . his pupil dilate , then narrow again . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you would never hurt he . ( beat ) you would never hurt I . drago watch , amaze , as toothless fight the control . drago how be you do that ? hiccup hold the stare , tear in he eye . hiccup please . you be my best friend , bud . bewilderbeast roar a forceful command . hiccup ( cont 'd ) my best friend . toothless ' pupil jitter , then dilate fully . he coo sympathetically . hiccup ( cont 'd ) thatta boy ! that 's it ! I be here ! toothless ' eye finally dilate fully and resolve on hiccup 's familiar face . drago go from astound to alarmed . drago strike toothless with the bull hook in a vain attempt to regain control . drago no ! toothless roar defiantly , snatch the bull hook in he jaw , and pull ... yanking drago off of he back and send he both plummeting to the sea . hiccup yeah ! but without a rider , toothless drop out of the sky as well . hiccup leap from the baby dragon , diving after he . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 89 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) hang on ! drago break he fall , landing heavily upon the bewilderbeast 's tusk ... as hiccup tuck in he arm , try to close the gap between he and toothless before they both make impact with the ocean . hiccup ( cont 'd ) almost there , buddy . almost there ! hiccup reach toothless . they pair up , mid-air , and skyrocket past drago as he hobble to the top of the alpha 's head . ext . berk - village - moment later ( scene 2500 - one true Alpha ) hiccup look back at drago , now issue command from the top of the bewilderbeast 's head . drago do something ! hiccup we need to get that two apart . hiccup fly toothless past a flag pole tear a strip of the flag . the bewilderbeast blast in they direction , barely miss they as they disappear around the back of a mountain . hiccup ( cont 'd ) we gotta block he out , toothless . do you trust I , bud ? toothless coo , allow hiccup to blindfold he with the flag . hiccup calm he with a touch . hiccup ( cont 'd ) we can do this . you and I . as one . hiccup splays toothless ' mechanical tail . toothless respond , matching the move with the natural half . hiccup ( cont 'd ) that 's it . now let 's try this one more time ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 90 . they peel around the other side of the mountain , head back toward drago and bewilderbeast , pass astrid and the cheer Viking on the ground . astrid take they down , babe ! the Viking roar in support as hiccup and toothless race past . valka watch with pride as she son hurtle towards drago and the alpha . valka go get `em . drago take control of it ! the bewilderbeast 's hiss become a furious roar , but to no avail . hiccup clamp he hand over toothless ' ear plate , muffle the alpha 's command . hiccup shut it out , toothless ! drago stop they ! the bewilderbeast blast ! hiccup now ! toothless suddenly pull up , arcing over drago 's head ! drago laugh , victorious , then pause in shock . drago' Pov : as toothless climb invert through the sky , the blindfold fall free , revealing a empty saddle . drago whirl around , wide - eye , to see ... hiccup zooming toward he , he wing - suit deploy , and he Dragon blade trail Zippleback gas . drago swipe but miss he . hiccup click the lighter and ignites the gas , blast drago off he bewilderbeast with a scream . drago plummet , breaking he fall against the massive dragon 's spine and landing hard on the ground , he bullhook landing just out of reach . the bewilderbeast whip its tail , try to swat down hiccup . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 91 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) not again . ( beat ) toothless ! it be now or never ! toothless pop open he dorsal blade , arc skyward , and rejoin hiccup just before collide with the alpha 's tail . hiccup ( cont 'd ) come on , bud ! together again , they speed along the length of the thrashing tail ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) hold on ! and shoot past the tip of the tail , narrowly make it ! hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah ! we do it ! they arc through the sky and land a few pace from drago , kick up a trail of dust . batter and weary , drago reach for he bullhook . hiccup extend and fire up he Dragon blade , hurl it like a javelin , and stick it in the ground between drago and he weapon , singeing he outstretch hand . drago agghh ! hiccup hold he there toothless ! toothless snarl a warning , ready to blast . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's all over now . but the cloud of dust settles , revealing the bewilderbeast , rise behind hiccup , ready to blast he instead . drago ( grinning knowingly ) or be it ? hiccup spin around , alarmed , as a rush of water thunder up the bewilderbeast 's throat . hiccup oh , no ! httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 92 . it blast , but toothless leap into the way , shield hiccup beneath he . the freezing explosion envelop they both . drago laugh to himself as valka land she baby dragon and rush to the icy explosion , hammer away at it desperately . valka no! no ... on astrid and gobber , watch from a distance , horrify . as valka pound at the ice , a glow form from deep within . she realize what be about to happen and back away . a blast thunder from inside the ice , shatter it . toothless emerge from the debris , revealing hiccup curl safely under he wing . toothless be steaming , he black skin glow blue with rage , he split dorsal blade searing with blue heat , a glow emanate from he flare nostril . he turn back to hiccup , to check if he 's unharme , then turn he full attention back to the bewilderbeast . he leap out of the crater and land upon a ice spire , roaring ferociously . the bewilderbeast bellow back at this affront . toothless unleash a salvo of plasma into the bewilderbeast 's face , not let up . hiccup he 's challenging the alpha ! valka to protect you . the bewilderbeast roar at this act of insubordination . toothless fire back , time and again , fully in control . the alpha thrashes he tusk through the ice , try to smash toothless , but he deftly spring from spire to spire , continue he unrelent attack . in the midst of the mayhem , the horde of commandeer dragon -- both berk 's and valka 's -- break free from the control to witness toothless ' retaliation . toothless land protectively by hiccup and valka , commanding the dragon to shift side . the follow , amass behind toothless . see this , drago panic and rush toward the bewilderbeast . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 93. drago no , no , no , no ! fight back ! fight ! fight ! drago clamber up the bewilderbeast 's tusk , totally unhinge . drago ( cont 'd ) ( to the defect dragon ) what 's the matter with you ? the berkian swell in to show they unify support . drago fume as hiccup and toothless fly up together onto a ice spire . hiccup now do you get it ? this be what it be to earn a dragon 's loyalty . ( beat ) let this end now . drago never ! come on ! he hammer the bewilderbeast , spurring it into a charge . toothless call over he shoulder , commanding the dragon to ready themselves . he then blast the bewilderbeast , mid - charge . suddenly , skullcrusher fire . follow by another , and another . hiccup look around , amaze to see the flock of dragon open fire on drago and he bewilderbeast . they have start a rebellion . drago be force to hide from the fiery barrage by take cover in the tall spine of the giant 's crown . drago ( cont 'd ) fight ! blast they ! his prosthetic arm be blast clean off by one of he own armored dragon . the bewilderbeast rear back to cover they all in ice , but toothless let loose a powerful shot . the bewilderbeast 's head be knocked backward by a blue-flame fireball . as the smoke clear , one of its massive tusk fall to the ground , shear clean off . drago glare at toothless . toothless roar commandingly , call a end to the fight . hiccup the alpha protect they all . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 94 . overwhelm and overpower , the bewilderbeast yield to the new alpha and heed toothless ' command , retreate into the sea in a explosive splash . the berkian cheer in victory ! as the smoke clear , hiccup and toothless see nothing but bubbles on the wave to mark they disappearance . no sign of the bewilderbeast ... or drago . toothless hop down from the spire , cool off , as people celebrate all around they . all of the dragon -- berk 's , valka 's , even drago 's -- land around toothless . cloudjumper bow to toothless , start a wave of bow , acknowledge they new alpha . toothless look around , surprised , then let out a majestic roar . the assemble dragon join in , roaring in tribute . toothless turn to hiccup as he approach . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you never cease to amaze I , bud . thank you . toothless gurgle and lick hiccup 's face . hiccup squeal , try to get away . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! you know that do not wash out . the crowd laugh . all around they , berk 's dragon reunite with they Viking . astrid stormfly ! stormfly bound into astrid . gobber oh , give I a cuddle , grumpy ! grump land on top of gobber , flatten he . relieved to the point of tear , snotlout and fishlegs race towards the expectant ruffnut ... fishleg who 's my little princess ? ... and then right past she to embrace they dragon . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 95 . fishleg ( cont 'd ) I miss you so much ! snotlout do not you ever leave again , hookfang ! ruffnut grumble , deject . barf dip he head in to console she . ruffnut oh barf ! she hug he . belch loom in for some affection , but ruffnut push he away ... ruffnut ( cont 'd ) not you . and into tuffnut who glower back at she . hiccup smile , take in the happy reunion . skullcrusher approach he , without a owner to reunite with . hiccup pet he , as eret approach . eret that be some pretty fine dragon wrangle back there . you would make a good trapper . before hiccup can respond , skullcrusher nuzzle eret affectionately . eret chuckle and gently stroke he . hiccup y'know , skullcrusher 's gonna need somebody to look after he now . eret I ? hiccup nod reassuringly . eret look at skullcrusher , pause to consider it . eret ( cont 'd ) I would be honore . valka walk up to she son , burst with pride . valka you father ... he would be every bit as proud as I be . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 96 . hiccup thank you . I be really glad you be here , Mom . valka and here I will stay . toothless arrive , purring at valka 's touch as astrid stride toward hiccup , beam proudly . astrid see ? I tell you it be in here . she place she hand upon he chest , then quickly poke the dorsal fin button , pop it open . she giggle . hiccup ha , ha . still do that one ? that 's hilarious . ( then ) come here , you . he scoops astrid close and pull she into a kiss . gobber cover a gawk boy 's eye . gobber ooh . gothi , the elder , tap hiccup 's shoulder , interrupt the romantic moment . she gesture for hiccup to kneel . he do so , respectfully . use ash from a heap of burnt wreckage , gothi trace a Viking symbol onto hiccup 's forehead . she bow . hiccup stand , meeting gobber 's proud , smile eye . gobber turn to the silent crowd and throw up he arm . gobber ( cont 'd ) the chief have come home ! the berkian erupt with cheer and applause as hiccup take in the moment , acknowledge the weight of responsibility now upon he . toothless throw back he head and blast in celebration , spurring all other dragon to follow suit , lighting up the sky in a spectacular display . ext . berk village - day ( scene 2700 - a New beginning ) httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 97 . a sheep graze lazily on the grass as a terrible terror struggle in vain to carry he off . suddenly , both be snatch up by a pass dragon . in the AIR ruffnut and tuffnut wrestle over the sheep atop barf &amp ; belch . ruffnut send the sheep fly toward fishlegs . snotlout nab it instead , blow a kiss mockingly . hiccup ( v.o. ) this ... be berk . a bit trample and bust and cover in ice , but it 's home . it 's we home . they swoop past a gather crowd on the batter bleacher as snotlout dunk the sheep in he basket . eret join the race atop skullcrusher . they fly past hiccup and toothless , who be steadily hoist a palette of timber and supplies onto a rooftop where worker be rebuild the damage house . hiccup then turn he attention to a massive statue of stoick , presently under construction . he grin with pride . hiccup ( v.o. ) that who attack we be relentless and crazy . but that who stop they ? oh , even more so ! he look to the horizon , scan it from east to west to ensure that no trouble be approach . astrid and stormfly buzz past he playfully , coax he to join the game . he smile . hiccup ( v.o. ) we may be small in number , but we stand for something bigger than anything the world can pit against we . astrid soar past the blacksmith stall , wave to valka and gobber as they remove the armor from drago 's freed battle dragon . hiccup ( v.o. ) we be the voice of peace . and bit by bit , we will change this world . httyd 2 ( D. deblois ) - final draft - 05/05/14 98. realizing that he 's late , gobber hurry over to the sheep launcher and pull the trigger , send the black sheep hurtle into the air . astrid and stormfly close in on the black sheep , about to snatch it out of the air , when suddenly , hiccup and toothless dart past , beat they to it . toothless look back with a gummy smile . hiccup ( v.o. ) you see , we have something they do not . oh sure , they have army and they have armada ... toothless and hiccup dive toward the line of basket . as they approach , toothless bounce hiccup into the air , allow he to dunk the black sheep into astrid 's basket . they reunite on the other side . the crowd cheer ! hiccup ( v.o. ) but we ... we have ... hiccup and toothless land upon the chief 's dais , join by astrid , stormfly , and the other dragon rider . hiccup ( v.o. ) our dragon ! toothless let out a proud roar as hiccup look out over berk , gleam with pride . CUT to : end title : how to train you dragon 2