how to train you dragon written by Dean deblois &amp ; Chris Sanders final draft February 13 , 2010 fade in : ext . NORTH sea / village - night we skim above a dark , wild ocean . the camera turn toward a lone island , berk . it be a gigantic shard of rock jutting straight out of the water . hiccup ( v.o . ) this , be berk . it 's twelve day North of hopeless , and a few degree South of freezing to death . it 's locate solidly on the meridian of misery . the camera drift over roll hill to reveal a small village nestle on a outcropping of sea mount . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my village . in a word , sturdy . and it 's be here for seven generation , but every single building be new . the camera drift closer , circle . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have fishing , hunt , and a charming view of the sunset . the only problem be the pest . you see , most place have mouse or mosquito . we have ... sheep graze peacefully on a hillside . suddenly one be snatch . CUT to : int . stoick house - continuous a door be pull open ... as a dragon swoops directly toward it , blasting FIRE . the door be slammed . the fire shoot through the slat of wood , illuminate hiccup , a gangly teenage Viking . hiccup ...dragon . ext . stoick house he reopen the sizzling door , as leap off of the front porch . he weave through the erupting mayhem as Viking pour out of the building , ready for a fight . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 2. more dragon swarm in , set rooftop alight and haul off sheep . hiccup ( v.o . ) most people would leave . not we . we be Viking . we have stubbornness issue . Viking sound the alarm . Viking man and woman pour out into the street , axe in hand . on hiccup darting through alley , stay under eave , make he way through the battle . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my name 's hiccup . great name , I know . but it 's not the worst . Parents believe a hideous name will frighten off gnome and troll . like we charming Viking demeanor would not do that . dragon sweep back and forth , dodging axe and blast the Viking who throw they . a burly warrior get toss in a explosion , knock hiccup to the ground . viking ( fierce ) arggghhhhh ! ( cheery , insane ) mornin ' ! hiccup get to he foot and continue to rush past gigantic man and woman . hiccup ( v.o . ) meet the neighbor . hoark the haggard ... hoark what be you do out !? hiccup ... burnthair the Broad ... burnthair get inside ! hiccup ... phlegma the fierce ... phlegma the fierce get back inside ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 3. hiccup . ack. he pass a silent ox of a viking , pick he ear . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yep , just ack . enter stoick , the biggest Viking of all . he yank hiccup from the path of a strafing dragon and hold aloft to the crowd . stoick hiccup !? ( accusingly ; to the crowd ) what be he do out again ?! ( to hiccup ) what be you do out ?! get inside ! the flame light up he scowling face and matte red beard . he set hiccup down and turn to the sky , search . hiccup ( v.o . ) ( in awe ) that 's stoick the vast . Chief of the tribe . they say that when he be a baby he pop a dragon 's head clean off of its shoulder . do I believe it ? stoick grab a wooden cart and hurl it , knock the strafing dragon out of the sky . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) yes I do . a explosion force Viking to duck . stoick stand firm , brush flame debris off of he shoulder . stoick ( bark ; to he man ) what have we get ? viking # 1 gronkle . nadder . Zippleback . oh , and hoark see a monstrous nightmare . stoick any night fury ? viking # 1 none so far . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 4. stoick ( relieved ) good . viking hoist the torch ! massive flame brazier be raise on pole , lighting up the night sky ... and revealing swirl dragon of all type . below , hiccup cross a open plaza and duck into a open building with a tall chimney . int . blacksmith stall - continuous he cross behind a counter , where a peg-legge , one - armed hulk of a blacksmith reshape blade with a hammer and tong appendage . gobber ah ! Nice of you to join the party . I think you would be carry off . hiccup don a leather apron and start to put away gobber 's scattered appendage . hiccup who I ? Nah , come on ! I be way too muscular for they taste . they would not know what to do with all this . hiccup strike a bodybuilder pose . gobber they need toothpick , do not they ? hiccup get to work , transfer bent and chip weapon to the forge as Viking crowd the counter for replacement . hiccup ( v.o . ) the meathead with attitude and interchangeable hand be gobber . I have be he apprentice ever since I be little . well ... littler . ext . village - continuous on stoick stoick we move to the lower defense . we will counter - attack with the catapult . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 5 . armed man rush past , flanking other who carry sheep to safety . stoick follow up the rear as , overhead , a dragon strafe the rooftop with napalm - like fire . hiccup ( v.o . ) see ? Old village . lot and lot of new house . viking FIRE ! in response , the fire brigade charge through the plaza -- four teens , tug a large wooden cask on wheel . from it , they fill bucket of water to douse the flame . one among they be a cute , energetic Viking girl . hiccup lean out of the stall to watch she . hiccup ( v.o . ) oh and that 's fishlegs , snotlout . the twin ruffnut and tuffnut . and ... ( dreamy ) astrid . a slow-motion explosion erupt behind she , frame she in a sexy ball of fire . the other join she , look awesome and heroic . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they job be so much cooler . hiccup try to join they as they pass , but he 's hook by gobber and hoist back inside . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( pleading ) ah , come on . let I out , please . I need to make my mark . gobber oh , you have make plenty of mark . all in the wrong place . hiccup please , two minute . I will kill a dragon . my life will get infinitely better . I might even get a date . gobber you can not lift a hammer . you can not swing a axe ... gobber grab a bola ( iron ball connect by rope ) . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 6. gobber ( cont 'd ) ... you can not even throw one of this . a Viking run by and nab it out of gobber 's hand , hurl it at a dive -bomb gronkle . the bola bind its leg , send it into a heavy crash . hiccup ( ready with the answer ) okay fine , but ... he rush to the back corner of the stall and present a bizarre , wheel barrow - like contraption . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ... this will throw it for I . hiccup open the hinge lid of the device . a arm spring up , equip with twin bow . they prematurely launch a bola , narrowly miss gobber ... and take out a Viking at the counter . viking arggh ! gobber see , now this right here be what I be talk about . hiccup mild calibration issue . gobber hiccup . if you ever want to get out there to fight dragon , you need to stop all ... gobber gesture in hiccup 's general direction . gobber ( cont 'd ) ... this . hiccup ( astonished ) but ... you just point to all of I . gobber yes ! that 's it ! stop be all of you . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 7. hiccup ( threatening ) ohhhh ... gobber ( mimicking ) ohhhhh , yes . hiccup you , sir , be play a dangerous game . keeping this much , raw ... vikingness contain . ( beat ) there will be consequence ! gobber toss he a sword . gobber I will take my chance . sword . sharpen . now . hiccup take it begrudgingly and lob it onto the grind wheel . he stew ... fantasize ... hiccup ( v.o . ) one day I will get out there . because kill a dragon be everything around here . ext . village - lower plain - continuous nadder land , gather like seagull around a seemingly vacant house . hiccup ( v.o . ) a nadder head be sure to get I at least notice . the nadder clamber onto the building , tear the roof and wall apart . sheep pour out and scatter . elsewhere , hippo-like gronckle pick drying rack clean of fish and fly off like load pelican . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) gronckle be tough . take down one of that would definitely get I a girlfriend . a stealthy , snake - like dragon head peek over a rooftop , breathe gas into a chimney . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 8. hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a Zippelback ? exotic , exciting . two head , twice the status . a second head poke through the door and light it . kablam ! the two head fly through the explosion , they neck zipping together to reveal a single body . it fly past stoick as he climb to the top of a catapult tower . catapult operator they find the sheep ! stoick ( frustrate ) concentrate fire over the lower bank ! catapult operator Fire ! boulder be catapult at the corral nadder ... just as a huge red dragon whip past , spraying the base of the catapult with sticky fire . hiccup ( v.o . ) and then there 's the monstrous nightmare . only the best Viking go after that . they have this nasty habit of set themselves on fire . it emerge from the flame , climb the catapult with a leer , toothy grin . stoick reload ! I will take care of this . stoick take on the nightmare , face to hammer . suddenly , a loud ballistic moaning streak overhead . the catapult crew duck . int . blacksmith stall - continuous on hiccup , look up from he work , reacting to the same sound . hiccup ( v.o . ) but the ultimate prize be the dragon no one have ever see . we call it the -- " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 9 . viking night fury ! get down ! Viking everywhere take shelter . the moan sound build . ext . village - catapult - continuous the monstrous nightmare suddenly stop fight and take flight . stoick look skyward . stoick jump ! kaboom ! the catapult explode as though hit by a artillery shell ... send stoick and the crew leaping for they life . hiccup ( v.o . ) this thing never steal food , never show itself , and ... the sound recede , leave the crippled catapult in flame . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... never miss . ( beat ) no one have ever kill a night fury . that 's why I be go to be the first . in the stall gobber trade he hammer for a axe . gobber man the fort , hiccup , they need I out there ! gobber pause . turn with a threaten glare . gobber ( cont 'd ) stay . put. there . you know what I mean . gobber charge into the fray , hollering . on hiccup , a smirk cross he face . ext . village - moment later wham ! hiccup push he wheeled contraption through a wall of cluster Viking . he weave through the ongoing mayhem , as fast as he leg can carry he . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 10 . viking # 6 ( o.s. ) hiccup , where be you go ! viking # 7 come back here ! hiccup I know . be right back ! on the plain below the nadder have cornere the house - full of sheep . they close in , ready to spring upon they . stoick suddenly appear , hurling fishing nets over they . the surprised nadder be catch . stoick and he man rush in . a nadder blast a hole through its net . stoick leap onto it , clamping he thick arm around its head , force its jaw shut . stoick mind yourselves ! the devil still have some juice in they . on the plain above hiccup reach a cliff overlook the smoking catapult and drop the handle to the ground . he crank several lever , unfold and then cock the bow arm of he contraption . he drop a bola onto a chamber and then pivot the weapon on a gimbal head toward the dark sky . he listen , with he eye press to the scope , hand poise on the trigger . he hear the night FURY approach ... and turn he aim to the defense tower . it close in for the final strike , completely camouflage in the night . hiccup ( to himself ) come on . give I something to shoot at , give I something to shoot at . kablam ! the tower topple . the blast of fire illuminate the dragon for a split second . hiccup pull the trigger . kerthunk ! the flex arm SNAP forward , spring the weapon off the ground . the bola disappear into the sky , follow by a whack and a screech . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 11 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( surprised , then elate ) oh I hit it ! yes , I hit it ! do anybody see that ? hiccup 's victory be short - live . a monstrous nightmare appear , slithering up over the lip of the cliff . hiccup ( cont 'd ) except for you . on stoick , hold down the netted nadder . he hear a familiar holler and look up to see ... hiccup run through the plaza , scream , with the nightmare fast on he heel . alarm , stoick abandon the nadder and run off . stoick ( to he man , be : the nadder ) do not let they escape ! in the plaza Viking scatter as hiccup dodge a near fatal blast . the nightmare 's sticky , napalm - like fire splashes up onto building , set they alight . hiccup duck behind the last stand brazier -- the only shelter available . the nightmare blast it , spraying fire all around he . hiccup peer around the smolder post . no sign of the nightmare . he turn back to find it leer at he , block he escape . it take a deep breath . hiccup be finish . suddenly , stoick leap between they , tackle the nightmare to the ground . they tumble and wrestle , resume they earlier fight . the nightmare try to toast he , but only cough up smoke . stoick ( cont 'd ) you be all out . he smashes the nightmare repeatedly in the face , drive it away . it take to the air and disappear . wind , stoick turn to hiccup . hiccup ( v.o . ) oh , and there 's one more thing you need to know ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 12 . the burnt brazier pole collapse , send the massive iron basket crash . it bounce down the hill , destroy as it go and scatter the Viking who be hold down the netted nadder . the freed dragon escape ... with several sheep in tow . hiccup ( cont 'd ) sorry , dad . ext . village - upper plaza - continuous the escape nadder fly past with sheep in they clutches . the raid be over . the dragon have clearly win . the murmure crowd eye stoick , await he response . hiccup ( sheepish ) okay , but I hit a night fury . stoick grab hiccup by the back scruff of he collar and haul he away , fume with embarrassment . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's not like the last few time , dad . I mean I really actually hit it . you guy be busy and I have a very clear shot . it go down , just off raven Point . let 's get a search party out there , before it -- stoick --stop ! just ....stop . he release hiccup . everyone go silent , stare expectantly . stoick ( cont 'd ) every time you step outside , disaster follow . can you not see that I have bigger problem ? Winter 's almost here and I have a entire village to feed ! hiccup look around . all eye be upon he . hiccup between you and I , the village could do with a little less feed , do not ya think ? a few rotund Viking stir self - consciously . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 13. stoick this be not a joke , hiccup ! ( exasperated ) why can not you follow the simple order ? hiccup I can not stop myself . I see a dragon and I have to just ... kill it , you know ? it 's who I be , dad . stoick you be many thing , hiccup . but a dragon killer be not one of they . sting . hiccup look around to see many nod of agreement . stoick ( cont 'd ) get back to the house . ( to gobber ) make sure he get there . I have he mess to clean up . stoick lumber off in the opposite direction . gobber lead hiccup through the walk of shame . they pass the teen fire brigade as they snicker . tuffnut quite the performance . snotlout I have never see anyone mess up that badly . that help ! hiccup thank you , thank you . I be try , so ... hiccup avoid astrid 's glare and head up toward a large house , stand prominently on the hill above the other . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I really do hit one . gobber sure , hiccup . hiccup he never listen . gobber well , it run in the family . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 14 . hiccup and when he do , it 's always with this ... disappointed scowl . like someone skimp on the meat in he sandwich . ( mimicking stoick ) Excuse I , barmaid . I be afraid you bring I the wrong offspring . I order a extra large boy with beefy arm . extra gut and glory on the side . this here . this be a talk fish bone . gobber you be think about this all wrong . it 's not so much what you look like . it 's what 's inside that he can not stand . beat . hiccup thank you , for summing that up . they reach the doorway . gobber look , the point be , stop try so hard to be something you be not . hiccup sigh heavily . hiccup I just want to be one of you guy . gobber eye he sympathetically . hiccup turn and go through the front door . and straight out the back door . he hurry off into the wood , determine . int . great hall - day a noisy din of protesting voice lead to ... stoick , glower in the firelight . surrounded by he man . stoick either we finish they or they ' will finish we ! it 's the only way we will be rid of they ! if we find the nest and destroy it , the dragon will leave . they will find another home . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 15 . he sink he blade into a ... large nautical map , spread out on the table ... the blade pierce the middle of a unchart corner , swirl with paint sea monster and dragon . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( decidedly ) one more search . before the ice set in . viking that ship never come back . stoick ( matter-of -fact ) we be Viking . it 's a occupational hazard . now who 's with I ? stoick throw up he fist . no one follow . the crowd shift in restless silence . head scratch . eye avert . viking ( feeble ) today 's not good for I . viking ( cont 'd ) ( equally feeble ) I have gotta do my axe return . stoick alright . that who stay will look after hiccup . hand jut into the air , volunteer galore . enthusiastic murmur of prep and pack fill the room . phlegma the fierce to the ship ! spitelout I be with you stoick ! stoick ( dry ) that 's more like it . the Viking rush for the door , leave gobber and stoick alone . gobber gulp back the content of he tankard attachment and scrape back the bench . gobber I will pack my undy . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 16 . stoick no , I need you to stay and train some new recruit . gobber oh , perfect . and while I be busy , hiccup can cover the stall . molten steel , razor sharp blade , lot of time to himself ... what could possibly go wrong ? stoick sink onto the bench beside gobber , he brow burden . stoick what be I go to do with he gobber ? gobber put he in training with the other . stoick no , I be serious . gobber so be i. stoick turn to he , glaring . stoick he would be kill before you let the first dragon out of its cage . gobber oh , you do not know that . stoick I do know that , actually . gobber no , you do not . stoick no , actually I do . gobber no you do not ! stoick listen ! you know what he 's like . from the time he could crawl he 's be ... different . he do not listen . ( more ) " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 17 . stoick ( cont 'd ) have the attention span of a sparrow . I take he fishing and he go hunt for ... for troll . gobber ( defensive ) troll exist ! they steal you sock . ( darkly ) but only the leave one . what 's with that ? stoick when I be a boy ... gobber ( grumbling ) oh here we go . stoick my father tell I to bang my head against a rock and I do it . I think it be crazy , but I do not question he . and you know what happen ? gobber you get a headache . stoick that rock split in two . it teach I what a Viking could do , gobber . he could crush mountain , level forest , tame seas ! even as a boy , I know what I be , what I have to become . ( beat ) hiccup be not that boy . gobber you can not stop he , stoick . you can only prepare he . ( beat ) look , I know it seem hopeless . but the truth be you will not always be around to protect he . he 's go to get out there again . he 's probably out there now . on stoick , as gobber 's word hit they mark . ext . wood - day on a OPEN notebook " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 18 . a draw map of the island , cover in X 's . hiccup look up from it and peek over a gorge , expectantly . see nothing . he add another ' X ' to the page , then scratch he pencil over the whole map in frustration . he snap the book close and pocket it . hiccup uggh , the god hate I . some people lose they knife or they mug . no , not I . I manage to lose a entire dragon . hiccup whack a low-hanging branch . it snap back at he , hit he in the face . he look up to see a snap tree trunk . his eye follow it to a long trench of up - turn earth . he follow it to a down , black dragon , its body and tail tangle in a bola . it appear dead . hiccup approach , beam . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( in SHOCK ) oh wow . I do it . I do it . this fix everything . ( elate ) yes ! he strike a victory pose , plant he foot on the fall night fury . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I have bring down this mighty beast ! it suddenly shift . hiccup ( cont 'd ) whoa ! hiccup spring back , terrify . he turn he blade on it . rattled , hiccup creep along the length of the weak , wounded dragon , dagger poise to strike . as he reach the head , hiccup find the night fury stare coldly at he . hiccup try to look away , but he 's draw back to its unnerve , unflinch stare . with the dragon safety tangle in the rope , hiccup jab with he dagger , puffing himself up with false bravado . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 19 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I be go to kill you , Dragon . I be gonna cut out you heart and take it to my father . I be a Viking . ( beat ) I be a viking ! hiccup raise the dagger , determine to prove he Viking - ness . the dragon 's labor breathe break hiccup 's clench concentration . he open a eye , uncertainty leak through . the dragon hold the stare . something profound be exchange . finally , the night fury close its eye and lower its head , resign to its fate . hiccup try to go through with it , hold the dagger aloft ... fight himself ... until finally lowering it with a frustrated sigh . he look over the dragon 's chaff rope wound . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( muttere , ashamed ) I do this . he turn to leave . pause . and glance back at the dragon , chest heaving . hiccup grumble . he check over he shoulder to ensure that no one be watch ... then hurry back to cut the rope . the night fury 's eye shoot open . with the dragon watch he every move , hiccup hurriedly saw through the bola rope . as the last rope fall free , the night fury suddenly pounce ! in a blur , the dragon be upon he , pin hiccup down , graze he neck . look like it 's about to kill he . hiccup be paralyze . the dragon 's breath ruffle he hair . hiccup open he eye to find the night fury 's wolf - like stare boring into he . the exchange be intense , profound . the dragon draw a deep breath , as though it 's about to torch he , then let out a ear-pierce scream instead . it turn and take flight , flap violently through the canopy of tree . it bashes against a nearby mountain side , recover , and drop out of view some distance away . wind , hiccup struggle to he foot , stagger a few step , collapse to he knee , and faint . int . stoick house - continuous hiccup enter to see ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 20 . stoick , seat on a thick slice of tree-trunk . he be slouched over the fire -pit , stir the coal with he axe . ember waft around he beard . hiccup try to sneak past , up the stair to he room . stoick seem none the wiser , when ... stoick hiccup . hiccup ( caught ) dad . uh ... stoick stand , take a deep breath . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I , uh ... I have to talk to you , dad . stoick I need to speak with you too , son . hiccup and stoick straighten at the same moment . hiccup stoick I have decide I do not want to I think it 's time you learn fight dragon . to fight dragon . ( beat ) ( beat ) what ? what ? stoick ( cont 'd ) you go first . hiccup no , you go first . stoick alright . you get you wish . Dragon training . you start in the morning . hiccup ( scrambling ) oh man , I should have go first . uh , ' cause I be think , you know we have a surplus of dragon- fight Viking , but do we have enough bread-make Viking , or small home repair viking -- stoick -- you will need this . stoick hand hiccup he axe . hiccup avoid take it . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 21 . hiccup I do not want to fight dragon . stoick come on . yes , you do . hiccup rephrase . dad I can not kill dragon . stoick but you will kill dragon . hiccup no , I be really very extra sure that I will not . stoick it 's time hiccup . hiccup can you not hear I ? stoick this be serious son ! stoick force the axe into hiccup 's hand . its weight drag he down . he look up to see stoick under - light with firelight . stoick ( cont 'd ) when you carry this axe ... you carry all of we with you . which mean you walk like we . you talk like we . you think like we . no more of ... ( gesture non - specifically at hiccup ) ... this . hiccup you just gesture to all of I . stoick deal ? hiccup this conversation be feel very one -side . stoick deal ?! hiccup glance at the axe in he hand . it 's a no- win argument . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 22 . hiccup ( resigned ) deal . satisfied , stoick grab he helmet and duffel bag ... and head for the door . stoick good. train hard . I will be back . probably . hiccup and I will be here . maybe . stoick head out the door , leave hiccup hold the axe . ext . training ground - day gobber raise a massive iron gate at the entrance of a vast stone arena . gobber welcome to dragon training ! the recruit file through the gate , and out onto the arena floor . they take it in like gladiator enter the colosseum . the wall be cover in scorched silhouettes of blast Viking . it 's a grim yet awe - inspiring place . astrid no turn back . tuffnut I hope I get some serious burn . ruffnut I be hope for some maul , like on my shoulder or lower back . astrid yeah , it 's only fun if you get a scar out of it . hiccup ( o.s. ) yeah , no kid , right ? pain . Love it . the recruit turn to see hiccup behind they . groan all around . tuffnut oh great . who let he in ? " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 23 . gobber let 's get start ! the recruit who do best will win the honor of kill he first dragon in front of the entire village . snotlout hiccup already kill a night fury , so do that disqualify he or ...? the recruit laugh and chatter in the background . tuffnut can I transfer to the class with the cool Viking ? gobber throw a supportive arm around hiccup and usher he along . gobber ( cheery , in confidence ) do not worry . you be small and you be weak . that will make you less of a target . they will see you as sick or insane and go after the more Viking - like teens instead . gobber stick he in line with the other and continue on toward five massive reinforce door . terrible roar and bellows issue from within . gobber ( cont 'd ) behind this door be just a few of the many species you will learn to fight . fishlegs bounce and giggle with excitement , barely able to contain himself . gobber ( cont 'd ) the deadly nadder . fishleg ( under he breath ) speed eight . armor sixteen . gobber the hideous Zippleback . fishleg plus eleven stealth . Times two . gobber the monstrous nightmare . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 24 . fishleg firepower fifteen . gobber the terrible terror . fishleg attack eight . venom twelve . gobber can you stop that ?! ( beat ) and ... the gronckle . fishleg ( quietly ; to himself ) jaw strength , eight . gobber pull a lever , raise the cross beam on the last of the door . snotlout whoa , wait ! be not you gonna teach we first !? gobber I believe in learn on the job . bam ! a gronckle thunder out of its cave , charge into the ring like a irate rhino . the recruit scramble in every direction . except for ruffnut and tuffnut who rush toward it , like pump - up rodeo clown . gobber ( cont 'd ) today be about survival . if you get blast , you be dead . Quick , what 's the first thing you be go to need ? hiccup a doctor ? fishleg plus five speed ? astrid a shield . gobber shield . go. the recruit scramble for shield , find they scattered around the ring . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 25 . gobber ( cont 'd ) you most important piece of equipment be you shield . if you must make a choice between a sword or a shield , take the shield . hiccup struggle to lift he . gobber help he and send he run . ruff and tuff stand amidst a dozen shield . but only one have a skull paint on it . they both grab it . tuffnut get you hand off my shield ! ruffnut there be like a million shield ! tuffnut take that one , it have a flower on it . Girls like flower . ruffnut use the shield to bash tuffnut in the face . he do not let go . ruffnut ooops , now this one have blood on it . the gronckle take aim at the distract twin . blam ! the shield be blast out of both of they hand . tuff and ruff spin like top and go down . gobber tuffnut , ruffnut , you be out ! tuffnut ( day ) what ?! ruffnut ( confuse ) what ?! the gronckle scoops up a pile of rock and swallows they back . the teens gather on the far side of the ring . gobber that shield be good for another thing . noise . make lot of it to throw off a dragon 's aim . the kid scoop up weapon and begin hammer on they shield . the gronckle shake its head at the clatter . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 26 . gronckle's Pov - the teens target become blurry and scramble . it 's work . gobber ( cont 'd ) all dragon have a limited number of shot . how many do a gronckle have ? snotlout five ! fishleg no , six . gobber correct , six . that 's one for each of you ! fishleg I really do not think my parent would -- bam ! fishlegs have he shield blast away . gobber fishlegs , out . gobber spot hiccup hide from the gronckle 's molten slug . gobber ( cont 'd ) hiccup , get in there ! on astrid bounce on she heel , ready to dodge a blast . snotlout appear , try to hit on she . snotlout so anyway I be move into my parent ' basement . you should come by sometime to work out . you look like you work out -- she cartwheel out of the way , allow a shot to shoot past she and hit snotlout 's shield . he 's blast onto he back . gobber snotlout ! you be do ! astrid roll to a stop beside hiccup , who stir awkwardly , try to look cool . hiccup ( voice breaking ) so , I guess it 's just you and I huh ? " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 27 . astrid no. just you . astrid roll away . a split-second later a lava slug knock hiccup 's shield clear off of he arm . hiccup be expose . gobber one shot leave ! hiccup panic and chase after he shield as it roll across the ring . the sudden movement send the gronckle chase after he , leave astrid in the clear . gobber ( cont 'd ) ( worried ) hiccup ! the gronckle drive straight toward hiccup , pin he against the wall . it open its mouth and cock its tail , ready to fire point-blank . gobber lunge in and hook the gronckle 's mouth at the last second , cause its head to jerk back and fire against the stone wall above hiccup 's head . gobber ( cont 'd ) ( rattle , but mask it ) and that 's six ! gobber wrestle the irate gronckle back into he pen . gobber ( cont 'd ) go back to bed , ya overgrown sausage ! you will get another chance , do not you worry . slam ! lock . gobber turn to the recruit . gobber ( cont 'd ) remember ... a dragon will always , ( with a stern look to hiccup ) always go for the kill . he hoist hiccup to he foot and walk off . hiccup look overhead to see a steaming pit in the solid stone wall . ext . wood / hidden cove - dusk hiccup , batter after another disastrous day in the ring . he study the remnant of the discard bola ... revealing that he 's back at the scene of the crime . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 28. hiccup ( muttered ) so ... why do not you ? he drop the bola and press on in the direction it fly off . he drop into a rocky crevice and follow it to a ... isolated cove complete with a pristine spring pool . he scan the high stone wall ... then notice a single black scale on the ground . he crouch and pick it up , study it . hiccup ( cont 'd ) well this be stupid . suddenly , the night FURY blast past he . hiccup recoil , watch the massive beast struggle to climb the wall . it flap violently , then peel away to a rough landing . the dragon be trap . hiccup grin , excited to see it again , and slip closer . he watch as the dragon , exhaust and frustrated , leap into the air , beat its wing furiously . again and again , it roll uncontrolled and crash heavily . as if remember to snap a photo , hiccup pull a leather - bound book and flip past drawing of weapon to a blank page . he sketches the dragon quickly , desperate to record the image . the fury claw at the steep rock wall , try climb out of the cove . it slip and fall hard , crush several sapling . the fury roll back to he foot and slowly crawl to the water 's edge . he spot fish in the shallow water and snap at they ... but come up empty . he lower he head , look weaken . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( muttered ) why do not you just ... fly away ? on hiccup as he spot the problem . he adjust he draw , carefully erase one half of the dragon 's tail . he accidentally drop the charcoal stick . it roll off of the rock outcropping that hide he from view and bounce into the cove . tink . tink . tink . the night fury raise he head , spot hiccup . they exchange a profound , unflinch stare . dissolve to : " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 29 . int . great hall - night a storm be brewing outside . the great door rattle on they hinge . gobber ( o.s. ) alright . where do astrid go wrong in the ring today ? the recruit be seat at a table , eat dinner by the glow of the fire pit . astrid I mistime my summersault dive . it be sloppy . it throw off my reverse tumble . Eye roll from the group . ruffnut ( sarcastic ) yeah . we notice . snotlout ( grab astrid 's hand ) no , no , you be great . that be so ' astrid ' . gobber she 's right , you have to be tough on yourselves . creak . all eye turn to hiccup , enter the hall , sheepishly . gobber glare at he . gobber ( cont 'd ) ( glaring at hiccup ) where do hiccup go wrong ? he try to take a seat at the table ... ruffnut he show up . tuffnut he do not get eat . ... but the recruit keep close the gap . Rolling he eye , hiccup sit at the vacant table next to they . astrid he 's never where he should be . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 30 . gobber thank you , astrid . gobber stand . gobber ( cont 'd ) you need to live and breathe this stuff . gobber lay a giant book in the center of the table . gobber ( cont 'd ) the dragon manual . everything we know about every dragon we know of . a rumble of thunder shake the hall . rain pour down outside . gobber ( cont 'd ) no attack tonight . Study up . gobber exit into the storm , leave the teens stare at the book . tuffnut ( you have get to be kid ) wait , you mean read ? ruffnut while we be still alive ? snotlout why read word when you can just kill the stuff the word tell you stuff about ? fishleg oh ! I have read it like , seven time . there 's this water dragon that spray boil water at you face . and there 's this other one that bury itself for like a week ... the teens stare as fishlegs go on too long . tuffnut yeah , that sound great . there be a chance I be go to read that ... ruffnut ... but now ... snotlout get up to go . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 31 . snotlout you guy read , I will go kill stuff . the other follow , with fishlegs in tow . fishleg oh and there 's this other one that have this spine that look like tree ... astrid be the last to go . hiccup so I guess we will share -- astrid read it . she push it toward he and leave . hiccup all mine then . wow , so okay . I will see you -- slam . hiccup ( cont 'd ) tomorrow . sigh . dissolve to : int . great hall - late night on hiccup' hand open the massive book . Thunder boom outside . the hall be vacant and dark , but for the few candle he 's pull together . hiccup pour through page after page of strange and frightening dragon . hiccup ( v.o. ) Dragon classification . Strike class . fear class . mystery class . hiccup turn the page . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) thunderdrum . this reclusive dragon inhabit sea cave and dark tide pool . ( more ) " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 32 . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when startle , the thunderdrum produce a concussive sound that can kill a man at close range . extremely dangerous . kill on sight . hiccup 's eye drift to a lurid illustration of decapitate Viking . another page , another dragon . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) timberjack . this gigantic creature have razor sharp wing that can slice through full grow tree ... extremely dangerous . kill on sight . the illustration seem to take on a life of they own , shifting and squirming in the candlelight . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) scauldron . spray scalding water at its victim . extremely dangerous . the storm outside rage against the shutter window . hiccup be startle , but press on . hiccup ( cont 'd ) changew . even newly hatched dragon can spray acid . kill on sight . he begin flipping through the page . a blur of dragon ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) gronckle . Zippleback . the skrill . bone knapper . whisper death . burn its victim . bury its victim . choke its victim . turn its victim inside - out . extremely dangerous . extremely dangerous . kill on sight . kill on sight . kill on sight ... hiccup finally land upon the page he 's be look for . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) night fury . it 's blank -- no image , save for a few , sparse detail . hiccup ( cont 'd ) speed unknown . size unknown . the unholy offspring of lightning and death itself . ( more ) " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 33. hiccup ( cont 'd ) never engage this dragon . you only chance , hide and pray it do not find you . hiccup pull he sketchbook out of he vest and open it to he draw of toothless . he lay it over the book 's blank page and consider it . close on the draw of toothless ... match CUT to : ext . high seas - dawn a paint dragon , with a sword run through it . it 's the billow sail of stoick 's ship . stoick hover over the familiar nautical map -- he eye on the unchart corner , swirl in mist and illustration of dragon . stoick I can almost smell they . they be close . steady . stoick raise he gaze to ... a epic fog bank , tower from sky to sea like a bruise , daunt curtain , beyond which nothing be visible . the three ship drift alongside it , skirt its solid edge , look for a open . on deck the crewmen mill nervously , all too aware of what stoick be consider . stoick ( cont 'd ) take we in . the helmsman steer stoick 's ship into the fog . the man draw they weapon , prepping for the worst . viking hard to port ... for helheim 's gate . the first ship disappear into the whiteout , follow by the other two . a beat " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 34 . suddenly a flash of light . a silhouette of a dragon . holler . sound of split and shatter wood . plunge into the water . another bright flash . match CUT to : ext . training ground - ring - day close on a dragon paint onto a shield . hiccup run he finger over its outline . hiccup you know , I just happen to notice the book have nothing on night fury . be there another book ? or a sequel ? maybe a little night fury pamphlet ? kablam ! a blast take the axe head off of hiccup 's hilt , leave a smoking hole behind he . hiccup yelp and run . gobber ( o.s. ) focus hiccup ! you be not even try . CUT back to reveal a deadly nadder , loose in a maze- like arrangement of moveable wall . gobber call order from above . gobber ( cont 'd ) today ... be all about attack . the nadder hop from wall to wall , send the recruit scurrying . gobber ( cont 'd ) nadder be quick and light on they foot . you job be to be quick and lighter . the teens move in , stumbling over hiccup and he unwieldy shield . the nadder spot fishlegs ' ample rear hide behind a wall . it whip its tail of spike . fishlegs scream and lift a entire wall to shield himself from the spray . fishleg I be really beginning to question you teach method . gobber look for its blind spot . every dragon have one . find it , hide in it , and strike . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 35 . ruff and tuff rush in , diving and roll up to the nadder 's nose . the nadder sniff the air -- it can not see they . tuff and ruff be smashed together - too close for comfort . ruffnut ( whispered ) do you ever bathe ? tuffnut if you do not like it , then just get you own blind spot . ruffnut how about I give you one ! ruff and tuff shove each other , till they movement and noise give they away . the nadder attack , snapping at both of they . gobber blind spot ? yes. deaf spot ? not so much . hiccup wander up to gobber , while the other dart past . hiccup hey , so how would one sneak up on a night fury ? gobber none one 's ever meet one and live to tell the tale . now get in there . hiccup I know , I know , but hypothetically ... astrid ( whispered ) hiccup ! she put she finger to she lip and gesture for he to hide . a moment later , the nadder leap over the wall , surprising they by landing in front of she . astrid somersault into its blind spot , confusing it . she rear back to strike -- just as snotlout leap in , protectively sweeping astrid behind he . snotlout watch out babe . I will take care of this . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 36 . astrid hey ! snotlout miss . astrid glare at he . snotlout ( defensive ) the sun be in my eye , astrid . what do you want I to do , block out the sun ? I could do that , but I do not have time right now ! the nadder tear off after she , knock down wall in pursuit . she leap and dive like a highly train gymnast . hiccup wander up to gobber again . hiccup they probably take the daytime off . you know , like a cat . have anyone ever see one napping ? gobber hiccup ! astrid --hiccup ! hiccup spin around to see the maze wall collapse like dominos toward he . astrid come fly through the dust and crash - land on top of he , lay he out in a limb- tangle mess . tuffnut oooh ! Love on the battlefield ! ruffnut she could do better . the nadder close in , emerge through the cloud of dust . hiccup ( struggle to untangle ) just ... let I ... why do not you ... the nadder spin around and race back toward they like a raptor . astrid untangle herself and try to pull she axe from hiccup 's shield ... which be attach to he limp , gangly arm . she plant she foot on he torso and yank the axe free , still burrow into the shield . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 37 . she spin and swing the axe and shield , scoring a direct hit on the oncoming nadder 's nose . it yelp and scurries off . gobber well do , astrid . gobber hobble off to wrestle the nadder back into he cave . hiccup get to he foot -- all eye be upon he . he turn to find astrid glaring at he , wind . astrid be this some kind of a joke to you ? we parent ' war be about to become ours . figure out which side you be on . she grab she axe and stomp off . hiccup watch , stung . CUT to : ext . cove - magic hour close on a fish ... be throw into the cove . it hit the ground and slide . a moment later , hiccup peek through a gap in the rock , look around cautiously . nothing . hiccup squeeze through and enter the cove . a beat , then hiccup hear a snort from behind he . hiccup turn to see the night fury , crouch on a rock like a stealthy panther . it descend , approach he ... ready to pounce . hiccup swallow he fear and offer the fish . do so reveal the dagger at he waist . the dragon see it and hiss . hiccup reach for it , elicite a growl . he pause , carefully lift it by the handle , and toss it away . the dragon calm . as it approach the fish , hiccup notice that it 's miss tooth . hiccup huh . toothless . I could have swear you have ... a set of razor sharp tooth emerge from its gum to grab the fish . toothless snatch and gnashes it up , swallow it . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 38 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ... tooth . the tooth retract again . toothless press closer with a expectant look . hiccup retreat nervously . hiccup ( cont 'd ) uh , no . no , I do not have any more . the fury back hiccup against a rock , place himself the same position as before . the dragon close in over he , stare blankly . a tense moment pass ... then toothless regurgitate a chunk of fish onto hiccup 's lap . they exchange stare . hiccup realize what toothless want he to do . hiccup crouch slowly and squeamishly pick it up . the dragon wait expectantly . hiccup gag and gnaw off a bite of the slimy fish . he force a smile . toothless mimic he . amaze , hiccup sit up and try to touch he . toothless hiss and flap off to a crash on the other side of the cove . he blast the mossy ground to a red-hot temperature ... and curl up on it like a giant dog . he turn to find hiccup seat beside he . toothless tolerate he persistent presence ... until hiccup try to touch he damage tail . toothless snap at he . hiccup take the hint and leave . dissolve to : ext . cove - later it 's magic hour . toothless wake , hang upside down from a tree . he spot hiccup sit on the other side of the cove . sketch in the sand . close on a sketch of toothless . hiccup draw with a stick , mind he own business . toothless appear behind he , watch carefully . aware of he presence , hiccup continue , try not to scare he off . toothless walk off . a moment later , he reappear with a entire sapling , draw line in the sand . he rush here and there , make haphazard line in every direction . finally , toothless drop the tree and inspect he work . he seem pleased . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 39 . hiccup stand and take in the sprawling scribble , amaze by it . he accidentally step onto one of the line , elicite a instant growl from toothless . he step on it again . toothless growl again . realizing how sensitive he be , hiccup step carefully between each line , turn round and round until he unwittingly bump into toothless . toothless snort . once again , they be face to face . hiccup slowly extend he hand . toothless hesitates . hiccup turn he head away and close he eye . to he amazement , toothless bridge the gap and press he muzzle against hiccup 's hand . in a flash , the dragon be go , leave hiccup astound . ext . village - night gobber and the recruit be seat at the top of a abandon catapult tower , toast campfire food around a roaring bonfire . gobber ... and with one twist he take my hand and swallow it whole . and I see the look on he face . ( can not deny it ) I be delicious . he must have pass the word , because it be not a month before another one of they take my leg . fishleg be not it weird to think that you hand be inside a dragon . like if you mind be still in control of it you could have kill the dragon from the inside by crush he heart or something . snotlout I swear I be so angry right now . I will avenge you beautiful hand and you beautiful foot . I will chop off the leg of every dragon I fight , with my face . he posture to astrid . she roll she eye . gobber ( with a mouthful ) un-unh . it 's the wing and the tail you really want . if it can not fly , it can not get away . a down dragon be a dead dragon . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 40 . on hiccup hide he horrify look form the other . gobber stand and stretch . gobber ( cont 'd ) alright . I be off to bed . you should be too . tomorrow we get into the big boy . slowly but surely make we way up to the monstrous nightmare . ( playful , taunting ) but who will win the honor of kill it ? he hobble off . the teens reflect . tuffnut ( very matter of fact ) it 's gonna be I . ( beat ) it 's my destiny . see ? tuffnut roll up he sleeve to reveal a red dragon on he arm . fishleg ( gasp ) you mom let you get a tattoo ? tuffnut it 's not a tattoo . it 's a birthmark . ruffnut okay , I have be stick with you since birth , and that be never there before . tuffnut yes it be . you have just never see I from the leave side until now . snotlout it be not there yesterday . be it a birthmark or a today - mark ? hiccup get up and walk away from the group . astrid watch he as he leave the bonfire . dissolve to : " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 41 . int . blacksmith stall - moment later hiccup enter a small room at the back of the stall . it 's cover in drawing of weaponry and scale model . he light a candle and lay he sketchbook out on the desk , open it to the draw of toothless . with a look of determination . hiccup pick up a charcoal stick and re-draw the miss tail . dissolve to : int . blacksmith stall - later close on ... a creak leather bellow . the stone forge glow with every pump . tong pull intricate iron piece from the coal . they be drop onto the anvil , twisted , lightly hammer , and dunked in a barrel . the piece be carry to hiccup 's workbench and laid out in place on a one - to - one schematic . it 's a sketch of a mechanical fin . ext . hidden cove - dawn hiccup arrive , wind , strain under the weight of a full basket . he click the scale he find ( like a jar top ) . toothless approach , sniff he . hiccup hey toothless . I bring breakfast . I hope you be hungry . hiccup drop the basket and kick it over . Fish spill out . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's disgusting . toothless approach , settling in to devour the feast . hiccup ( cont 'd ) uh..we have get some salmon ... toothless swallow it . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ... some nice icelandic cod ... swallow that too . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 42. hiccup ( cont 'd ) ... and a whole smoke eel . toothless nab it , chew a few time , then spit it out . he shake he head violently , snort and scrub he massive tongue on the sand . hiccup take note . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ! it 's okay . yeah , I do not like eel much either . toothless focus on the remainder . with the dragon distract , hiccup unwrap he prosthetic fin and open it like a fan . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay . that 's it . that 's it , just stick with good stuff . and do not you mind I . I will just be back ... here . mind my own business . hiccup cautiously approach the injure tail , but every time he get near it , toothless sweep it away like a cat . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . hiccup drop a knee on top of the tail . toothless ' head jut up , slow its chew to a halt . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay ...okay .. the dragon tense , slowly spread he wing . hiccup strap the prosthetic fin in place . he cinch the strap . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( pleased ) there . not too bad . it work . toothless bolt ! he snap he massive wing and take to the air , carry hiccup with he . hiccup ( cont 'd ) woah ! no! no! no ! hiccup struggle to hold on to the tail . as the ground speed away , toothless immediately tip into a uncontrolled bank and dive . hiccup see the fold fin rattling uselessly in opposition to its flare counterpart . flap as he may , toothless can not correct he trajectory . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 43. hiccup swallow he fear and crawl toward the fold prosthetic . he reach it and yank it open . the flare , fan - like appendage catch the air , stabilize the twist tail . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( excited , terrify ) it 's work ! toothless arc just short of the water and climb ... high into the air . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yes ! yes , I do it . he glance back at hiccup , busily hold the tail open while try to hold on . they be go to crash . whoomp ! hiccup be suddenly throw from the tail in the intense force of a turn . hiccup ( cont 'd ) aaaaagggghhhhh ! he bounce across the water 's surface and take a dive . without hiccup to operate the tail , toothless do the same , plunging in a massive cannonball . hiccup resurface , rough up , but beam . toothless appear second later . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah ! ext . training ground - morning gobber ( o.s. ) today be about teamwork . work together and you might survive . on a double - wide door . Gas seep through the crack . it blast OPEN . a cloud of smoke engulf the ring , swirl around the pair - up teens . astrid with ruffnut . snotlout with tuffnut . fishlegs with hiccup . all carry bucket of water , poise to throw they . gobber ( cont 'd ) now , a wet dragon head can not light its fire . the hideous Zippleback be extra tricky . one head breathes gas , the other head light it . you job be to know which be which . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 44 . the smoke encircle they , cut they off from each other . the teens listen and watch for any sign of the dragon . fishleg ( mutter to himself ) razor sharp , serrate tooth that inject venom for pre-digestion . prefer ambush attack , crush its victim in its ... hiccup ( tense ) will you please stop that ? on snotlout and tuffnut move nervously through the fog , back to back . snotlout be sing to himself to calm he nerve . snotlout if that dragon show either of he face , I be gonna -- ( spot a approach shape , terrify ) -- there ! snotlout and tuffnut hurl they water into the fog . astrid hey ! ruffnut it 's we , idiot . astrid and ruffnut be soak . tuffnut you butt be get bigger . we think you be a dragon . snotlout ( to astrid ) not that there 's anything wrong with a dragon - esque figure . astrid elbow snotlout in the face . ruffnut drop tuffnut with a punch to the throat . astrid wait . they freeze . a tail sweep out of the fog , take they down . they bucket spill . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 45 . on fishleg and hiccup come across they . they see the puddle of spill water . tuffnut oh , I be hurt . I be very much hurt . fishleg chance of survival be dwindling into single digit now ... hiccup look out ! a Zippleback head emerge out of the smoke . fishlegs hurl he water at it , completely dousing the head . it leer and open its mouth , spew gas into the area . fishleg oh. wrong head . gas flow around they leg . fishlegs flee in a panic . gobber fishlegs ! beat . a click sound come from behind they . spark flash in the smoke . gobber ( cont 'd ) now , hiccup ! the other head sweep out of the smoke . hiccup hurl he water with all he might . it arc and drop short of the dragon 's sparking mouth . the dragon grin , savore the kill . hiccup oh , come on ! gobber run , hiccup ! gobber cover he eye . gobber ( cont 'd ) hiccup ! beat . the Zippleback hesitates . sniff . then retreat . the teens get to they foot , watch transfix . gobber peek through he finger to see ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 46 . the Zippleback back away from hiccup . he stand and hold he hand out , as if control it . hiccup back ! back ! back ! now do not you make I tell you again ! the Zippleback retreat through its door and into its cave , hiss . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yes , that 's right . back into you cage . hiccup slyly open he vest , revealing the spot smoke eel from earlier . he toss it inside the door , then slam it shut . hiccup ( cont 'd ) now think about what you have do . hiccup turn to the teens and gobber . they stare , slack - jaw hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay ! so be we do ? because I have get some thing I need to ... hiccup jog out of the ring , past the speechless group . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yep ... see you tomorrow . astrid sneer . something 's go on . ext . wood / cove - sunset begin music montage int . blacksmith stall - hiccup' closet - continuous hiccup cut and stitches leather , draw and shape steel . he work by candlelight . a overhead shot reveal what he 's building : a harness , complete with handle and foot pedal . ext . cove - day hiccup appear before toothless , hold the new prosthetic . toothless run off as hiccup chase he down . hiccup hey ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 47 . ext . cove - day toothless and hiccup be zoom over the ocean . the tail break free send hiccup fly . hiccup yeah ! whoa ! int . blakcsmith stall - later hiccup adjust the harness and use a metal clamp to affix himself to toothless ' saddle . ext . sky / field - dawn hiccup and toothless zip through the air -- he rudimentary harness and tail control be work , barely . they crash - land in a open field . hiccup recover to find toothless still roll around in the tall grass . hiccup discover that it 's a patch of dragon - nip . ' toothless writhes on he back , tongue wag , in complete bliss . ext . training ground - morning hiccup grab the head as instruct , then discreetly pull a fistful of dragon - nip ' and press it up to the gronkle 's nose . it immediately stop struggle and go weak in the knee . hiccup drop the handful of dragon - nip to the ground . the gronkle go down with it , whimper and blissful . from gobber and the recruit ' point of view , hiccup be control the gronkle with no more than a limp arm . ext . wood - afternoon the recruit walk home together , surround hiccup and bombard he with question . fishleg hey hiccup , I have never see a gronkle to that before . tuffnut how would you do that ? ruffnut it be really cool . he squirm and invent a excuse . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 48. hiccup I leave my axe back in the ring . he turn and hurry back . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you guy go on ahead and I will catch up with you . astrid watch , suspicious . ext . cove - later hiccup rub toothless behind the ear , cause he to relax and fall over . ext . training ground - later a angry deadly nadder approach hiccup . just as astrid move in to strike , hiccup perform he special rub technique , which send the nadder down . astrid and the other kid look on from the sideline in amazement . int . meade hall - continuous hiccup sit down at a table to eat . the other recruit notice he and move over to he table to talk to he -- leave astrid alone . fishleg hey hiccup ! snotlout what be that ? some kind of trick ? what do you do ? tuffnut hiccup , you be totally go to come in first , there 's no question . ext . cove - later hiccup be use a mirror- like object to create a patch of light on the ground . toothless claw and chase the light patch like a cat chase a laser pointer . ext . training ground - day a beam lift from the door of another dragon pen . gobber meet the terrible terror . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 49 . a tiny , pint-size dragon step out and move toward the recruit . tuffnut ha . it 's like the size of my -- tuffnut be take down in a blur . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) get it off ! get it off ! oh ! I be hurt , I be very much hurt ! hiccup stop the terrible terror with the same light - patch trick he use earlier with toothless . the tiny dragon retreat back to it 's cage . the teens approach he yet again as astrid look on with suspicion . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) ( to astrid ) wow , he 's better than you ever be . CUT to : ext . forest - moment later astrid furiously hurl she axe at a nearby tree . she notice hiccup walk by in the distance , carry one of he trademark harness . she quickly try to follow , but he lose she in the wood . she huff , frustrated . ext . cove - later hiccup strap a newly design harness onto toothless . with toothless tie to a nearby post with a rope . hiccup ride he in the air -- while stationary . toothless look like a giant kite tie to a tree stump . this harness seem to work . ext . sky - moment later the rope break and the pair crash into a tree . hiccup 's face be red . hiccup oh , great . ext . berk - night the street be empty save for a lone Viking who cross hiccup 's path . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 50 . viking hiccup . hiccup nod , try to look casual . once the coast be clear , he covertly steer toothless into the blacksmith 's stall . toothless presses himself inside , root through stuff and make a racket . astrid , walk nearby , be alert . astrid ( o.s. ) hiccup ? hiccup freeze . then frantically try to pry the ring off the saddle hook . it will not budge . astrid ( cont 'd ) be you in there ? too late - she 's right outside . on astrid walk along the outside of the blacksmith 's . hiccup jump out the window and close the shutter behind he . hiccup 's harness line be stretch through the window , still attach to toothless ' saddle . hiccup astrid . hey ! hi astrid . hi astrid . hi astrid . astrid I normally do not care what people do , but you be act weird . well , weirder . toothless spot a nearby sheep and make a move toward it . as a result , hiccup be suddenly pulled tight against the window shutter . he strike a pose to compensate ... then get pulled through the shutter . they snap back in astrid 's face . astrid reopen they and find nothing but a empty stall . in the distance , toothless and hiccup slip off unseen . ext . dock - dawn a lone , batter ship be pull into a slip , overload with equally batter - look man . they disembark to a crowd of onlooker , look like a team of hometown heroes who just have they butt kick . gobber hobble through the mumbling crowd to find stoick -- last to disembark and glower with batter pride . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 51 . viking where be the other ship ? spitelout you do not want to know . stoick lumber past gobber , leave he stare at the trash ship . gobber well , I trust you find the nest at least ? stoick not even close . gobber ah. excellent . gobber follow stoick up the ramp and snag he duffle bag with he hook appendage , share the burden . stoick I hope you have a little more success than I . gobber well , if by success , you mean that you parent trouble be over with , then ... yes . stoick stop . what do that mean ? a group of merry villager rush past . viking # 1 congratulation stoick ! everyone be so relieved . viking # 2 out with the old and in with the new , right ?! viking # 3 no one will miss that old nuisance ! viking # 4 the village be throw a party to celebrate ! stoick be stunne , overwhelm by the insensitivity . he turn to gobber . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 52 . stoick he 's ... go ? gobber yeah ... most afternoon . but who can blame he ? I mean the life of a celebrity be very rough . he can barely walk through the village without be swarm by he new fan . stoick be doubly confuse . stoick hiccup ? gobber ( beaming ) who would have think , eh ? he have this ... way with the beast . CUT to : ext . sky - afternoon toothless and hiccup soar through a perfect blue sky . billow cloud rise like mountain . the ground seem mile below they . hiccup okay there bud , we be gonna take this nice and slow . hiccup check a leather cheat sheet , clipped onto he harness . inscribe upon it be several tail position and they pedal position equivalent . hiccup ( cont 'd ) here we go . here we go ... position three , no four . he press the pedal , cause the tail to flare . they roll off into a arcing bank , gloriously light by the late afternoon sun . hiccup tuck tight against he neck , thrilled that he new harness and vest be hold . the foot control make the tail appendage quick and responsive . he watch toothless ' every fluctuation , try to match it with the prosthetic . hiccup size up a target -- a tower arch of stone , rise from the sea . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 53. hiccup ( cont 'd ) alright , it 's go time . it 's go time . they dive toward it , lining up to pass through the arch . hiccup ( cont 'd ) come on . come on buddy . come on buddy ! they zip through the arch . a perfect maneuver . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah ! yes , it work ! the triumph be short - live . they smack into one of several sea stack as hiccup try to keep up with the turn . hiccup ( cont 'd ) sorry . they hurtle into another rock pillar . toothless grumble . hiccup ( cont 'd ) my fault . toothless swat he with he ' ear ' plate . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah , yeah , I be on it . ( refer to the cheat sheet ) position four , no three . they pierce the cloud . for the first time , hiccup can see the whole of the island below they . it shrink with every pass second . he swallows hard and tighten he grip on the handle . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah ! go baby ! yes ! oh , this be amazing ! the wind in my ... he spot the leather guide tear free in the turbulence . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) ... cheat sheet ! stop !! hiccup grab frantically for the airborne sheet ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) no ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 54 . ... and nab it before it 's carry out of reach . toothless , however , obey the command and suddenly stop beat he wing . as they slow to a stop , hiccup go weightless . the ring of he vest float off of the harness hook . hiccup suddenly find himself detach , free-falling . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh god ! oh no ! without hiccup , the tail lose control . hiccup and toothless spiral downward . toothless fight to get back under hiccup . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( try to calm toothless ) alright , okay . you just gotta kinda angle yourself . no , no ... come back down towards I . come back down -- hiccup extend he arm and leg , give himself as much surface area as he can . he angle back towards toothless as the tumble dragon whack hiccup with he wing . after a few more miss , hiccup finally grab hold of the harness and manage to lock in -- just in time to pull toothless out of he dive ... barely shy of the tree top . they careen past the wood cliff and directly into a treacherous slalom course of jutting sea stack . hiccup pull the cheat sheet from he tooth and attempt to check position . it flap violently in the turbulence , make it impossible . with no time to think , hiccup throw it away and steer toothless ' tail on instinct ... with perfect intuition . together , they manage a tight , hair-rase series of split - second turn , make it to the open water , unscathed . hiccup take a breath and glance back at the death - defy obstacle course , now safely behind they . he beam , relieved . he sit back and throw he arm up in victory . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeeahhh ! toothless concur with a happy squeal and a fireball . hiccup 's glee turn to dread as they fly directly into it . on hiccup' face hiccup ( cont 'd ) ah , come on . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 55 . ext . black sand beach - sunset hiccup and toothless lounge on a sprawling , desert beach , snack of freshly catch fish . as hiccup cook he over a fire , toothless suddenly regurgitate a fish head . hiccup smirk with force politeness . hiccup uh..no thanks . ( gesture to he fish on a stick ) I be good . several terrible terror land like seagull , hiss and nip at each other as they approach toothless ' pile of fish . one grab the regurgitate fish head and drag it away . another attempt to steal it from he . they face off and last fire ball at each other to settle the fight . hiccup and toothless watch , amused . that be until ... toothless spot one of he fish leave the pile . a stealthy terrible terror be expose as the thief . they tug on the fish , and it snap back into toothless ' mouth . he swallow it back tauntingly . irate , the little dragon paw at the ground and blast toothless . he open he mouth , the gas hiss come , and toothless fire a tiny flame straight into its mouth , cause the gas to backfire into the little dragon . it cough up smoke and stagger away , look ill . hiccup laugh . hiccup ( cont 'd ) not so fireproof on the inside , be you ? hiccup throw the hapless terror he freshly cook fish . hiccup ( cont 'd ) here you go . the appreciative little dragon gulp down the meal and approach hiccup cautiously . he curl up next to he . hiccup be amaze . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( pensive ) everything we know about you guy be wrong . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 56 . hiccup carefully pet he ... send the terror into a immediate , blissful sleep . int . blacksmith stall - hiccup' closet - night hiccup be lose in think , he head laid of a desk full of toothless drawing . burden with the weight of the world . suddenly , stoick appear in the doorway . hiccup jump and quickly cover up he desk . hiccup dad ! you be back ! he skirt the bench , block stoick 's view of toothless , the prosthetic fin , and other drawing . hiccup ( cont 'd ) gobber 's not here , so ... he strike a awkwardly casual pose , try to cover up as much as possible . stoick I know . I come look for you . hiccup ( caught ) you do ? stoick ( stern ) you have be keep secret . hiccup 's leg give out . he slide , drag the table 's content with he . hiccup I ...have ? stoick just how long do you think you could hide it from I ? hiccup ( in vain ) I do not know what you be ... stoick nothing happen on this island without I hearing about it . hiccup oh ? " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 57 . stoick so . ( beat ) let 's talk about that dragon . blood drain from hiccup 's face . hiccup oh god . dad I be so sorry . I be go to tell you . I just do not know how to -- stoick start laugh . Big , booming . hiccup stare , baffle . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you be not ...upset ? stoick what ?! I be hope for this ! hiccup uh ... you be ? stoick and believe I , it only get better ! just wait till you spill a nadder 's gut for the first time . hiccup 's elate expression sink . stoick ( cont 'd ) and mount you first gronckle head on a spear . what a feel ! stoick laugh and smack hiccup on the shoulder , send he into the wall . stoick ( cont 'd ) you really have I go there , son . all that year of the worst Viking berk have ever see ! odin , it be rough . I almost give up on you ! hiccup get back up , grimace in the irony of it all . stoick ( cont 'd ) and all the while , you be hold out on I ! thor almighty ! stoick grab a stool and sit . his massive frame nearly fill the tiny room . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 58 . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( relieved ) ahhhhh . with you do so well in the ring , we finally have something to talk about . pregnant pause . hiccup avert he eye nervously . stoick adjust , awkwardly clear he throat . after a long , uncomfortable silence ... stoick ( cont 'd ) oh , I ... bring you something . he present a horn helmet . stoick ( cont 'd ) to keep you safe in the ring . hiccup ( sincere ) wow . thanks . hiccup accept it , look it over . stoick you mother would have want you to have it . ( heartfelt ) it 's half of she breast plate . stoick tap he own helmet and smile . stoick ( cont 'd ) match set . keeps she close , y'know ? hiccup eye the mismatch helmet , grimace . stoick ( cont 'd ) wear it proudly . you deserve it . you have hold up you end of the deal . stoick beam with pride . hiccup squirm . he force a yawn . hiccup I should really get to bed . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 59 . stoick hiccup ( talk over each ( talk over each other ) other ) yes ! good ! okay . good talk . see you back at the house . we should do this again . I be great . thanks for stop glad I stop by , I hope you by . and for the ... the uh , like the hat . breast hat . stoick well..uh.. good night . stoick leave the room awkwardly , leave hiccup look more burden than ever . ext . training ground - afternoon a gronckle hover above the ring , hunt victim as the teen recruit scramble . astrid duck behind a barrier to find hiccup already there . she force she axe at he throat . astrid stay out of my way ! I be win this thing . hiccup please , by all mean . she dart off , close fast on the dragon . the crowd above cheer she on . viking in crowd you get it astrid ! hiccup stand and look around . amidst the crowd of onlooker , stoick watch keenly , beam with pride . he lock eye with hiccup , give he a nod of encouragement . hiccup adjust he new helmet and force a half - heart smile . unbeknownst to hiccup , the gronckle spot he and make a bee - line toward he . back to astrid ... as she catch she breath behind a barrier . she scowl , focus , determine . astrid this time . this time for sure . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 60 . with a fierce battle - cry she leap from cover , axe cocked to throw . astrid ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaaaa ... and as she clear the barrier , she see that hiccup have already laid the gronckle out . astrid ( cont 'd ) ...aaaaaaauggggghhhhhhhh ! no! no ! hiccup shrug , as unhappy with the situation as she be . astrid ( cont 'd ) no ! no ! son of halftroll rat eating munge bucket ! a loud clack ring out . from the crowd above , gothi , the village elder , step forward , tapping she staff . everyone light up excitedly . stoick wait ! wait ! hiccup so , later . gobber snag hiccup as he attempt to leave . gobber not so fast . hiccup I be kinda late for -- astrid ( livid ) what ? late for what exactly ? stoick hold out he hand to silence the jabber crowd . stoick okay quiet down . the elder have decide . thrill , gobber stand behind hiccup and astrid . he point to astrid as the crowd wait in silent anticipation . gothi shake she head ' no . ' the crowd ' oooohs . ' gobber then point to hiccup . the elder nod a affirmative ' yes . ' the crowd erupt in cheer . astrid turn a seethe , deadly glare on hiccup . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 61 . gobber you have do it ! you have do it , hiccup ! you get to kill the dragon ! stoick ha , ha ! that 's my boy ! hiccup be hoist onto the recruit ' shoulder and carry out to the cheer spectator ... hiccup ( masking panic ) heh , heh . oh yeah ! yes ! I can not wait . I be so ... ext . hidden cove - dusk hiccup ... leave . we be leave . let 's pack up . look like you and I be take a little vacation , forever . toothless be nowhere in sight . hiccup set down he basket and open it up , he head cloud with trouble . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh..man ... shink ! hiccup look up to the sound of ... astrid , sit on the rock right in front of he , sharpen she axe . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( shocked ) aggh ! what the -- ( recomposing ) what be you do here ? she hop off the rock and back he down , spin she axe threateningly . hiccup 's eye dart around nervously , search for toothless . astrid I want to know what 's go on . no one just get as good as you do . especially you . start talk ! be you training with someone ? hiccup uh...train ? she grab he by he odd - look harness . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 62 . astrid it better not involve ... this . hiccup I know this look really bad , but you see ... this be , uh ... they hear a rustle come from the other side of the cove . astrid drop hiccup to the ground and set off to investigate . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( panicked ) you be right ! you be right . I be through with the lie . I have be make ... outfit . so you get I . it 's time everyone know . drag I back . go ahead . here we go . he put she hand back on he harness , get she to ' drag he back . ' astrid bend hiccup hand backwards , drive he down . hiccup ( cont 'd ) aaaauuggghhh ! why would you do that ?! astrid that 's for the lie . astrid pounce the hilt of she axe off of hiccup 's laid - out body . astrid ( cont 'd ) and that be for everything else . hiccup 's yelp be answer with a growl , come from the other side of the cove . astrid look up to see ... a night FURY . toothless pounce toward they , snarling . hiccup ( feeble ) oh man . she dive onto hiccup . astrid get down ! run! run! astrid pull she axe , ready to take on toothless . hiccup no ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 63. hiccup knock astrid 's cocked axe to the ground , out of reach , then stop toothless short of crush she . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no . it 's okay ! it 's okay ... toothless pull up short and land hard , spraying astrid with sand . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( calming ) she 's a friend . toothless snort in disagreement . astrid be freeze . toothless look from she to hiccup and back to she , confuse . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( to astrid ) you just scared he . astrid I scared he !? hiccup make a be quiet   motion . astrid ( cont 'd ) ( intense whisper ) who be he ? hiccup . astrid , toothless . toothless , astrid . astrid back away , eyeing hiccup and toothless together with pure disgust . she turn and run for the village . hiccup we be dead . satisfied with astrid 's departure , toothless turn away . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( to toothless ) where do you think you be go ? ext . wood - moment later astrid race through the tree . a large shadow overtake she . she be suddenly snatched into the air . astrid scream . astrid oh great odin 's ghost , this be it ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 64 . hiccup and toothless fly astrid to the top of a tower pine . it bow and creak under they weight as astrid dangle a hundred foot in the air . astrid ( cont 'd ) hiccup ! get I down from here ! hiccup you have to give I a chance to explain . astrid I be not listen to anything you have to say ! hiccup then I will not speak . just let I show you . hiccup extend a hand . hiccup ( cont 'd ) please , astrid . she eye he and the dragon , then the ground far , far below . after a moment , she swat hiccup 's outstretch hand away and reluctantly climb over the pedal , line , and harness . she settles behind hiccup , avoid as much contact as possible . astrid now get I down . hiccup toothless ? down . gently . toothless leer mischievously . he spread he wing slowly . with a whop , they fill with the updraft . toothless release the tree , tuck in he leg , and hover in place . hiccup ( cont 'd ) see ? nothing to be afraid of . toothless suddenly launch straight upward . astrid scream . the acceleration be tremendous . every downbeat buck the saddle , heaving they into the sky , double they speed like a rocket . astrid be throw backward . she scream and hug hiccup for dear life , squeezing the breath out of he . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! what be wrong with you ?! bad dragon ! ( mortify ; to astrid ) he 's not usually like this . oh no ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 65 . toothless roll and plummet toward the coastline far below . astrid scream . toothless rocket over the ocean wave , deliberately dip they in the froth . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless , what be you do ?! we need she to like we ! toothless rocket skyward and begin tumble head over tail . hiccup ( cont 'd ) and now the spin . thank you for nothing you useless reptile . astrid clamp she hand over she eye . astrid okay ! I be sorry ! I be sorry ! just get I off of this thing . astrid be defeat , she aggressive energy go . satisfied , toothless relent . they level off and head up into the cloud . astrid open she eye again , and look out over a world she would never dream of . she reach out and touch cloud , pierce column ablaze in golden hue , and float over a vast , alien sky - scape . her terror be replace by wonder . she grin , despite herself . toothless rise above a blanket of cloud ... dissolve to : ext . sky - night ... and level off under a starry sky . they emerge from a blanket of cloud under the dance Northern light , shimmer in ribbon across the vast sky . below they , berk 's torch flicker in the inky darkness . the new perspective be breathtaking . astrid tuck she arm into hiccup 's vest , bury she chin into he shoulder . the moment be not lose on either of they . hiccup smile nervously . toothless climb past berk 's tallest peak and head out over open water , leave the village light behind they . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 66 . astrid alright I admit it . this be pretty cool . it 's ... amazing . ( beat ) he 's amazing . astrid carefully reach down and pat toothless ' side . astrid ( cont 'd ) so what now ? hiccup groan . it 's a problem without a answer . astrid ( cont 'd ) hiccup , you final exam be tomorrow . you know you be go to have to kill ... ( whispered ) ... kill a dragon . hiccup do not remind I . a strange , unearthly din approach . toothless ' ear plate suddenly stand on end . panicked , he abruptly dive , dip into cloud cover . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! what 's happen ? what be it ? toothless bark at he . ' quiet ! ' suddenly , out of the dense cloud , a monstrous nightmare emerge . hiccup ( cont 'd ) get down ! hiccup and astrid duck . the nightmare call out . a Zippleback appear to the other side of toothless , box he in . astrid what 's go on ? hiccup I do not know . ( beat ) toothless . you have get to get we out of here , bud . toothless hiss . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 67 . other dragon , previously invisible in the thick cloud , appear all around they . hundred of they , all carry fish and game in they talon . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( whispered ) it look like they be haul in they kill . the Zippleback eye they ravenously . astrid what do that make we ? the dragon bank and dive in formation , plummete through the thicken fog and weaving between tower , craggy sea stack . they emerge at the base of a massive volcanic caldera , glow with rivulet of lava . the flock of dragon fall into rank , funnel through a crack , and zipping through a wind tunnel . it give way to a vast , steamy inner chamber , tiere with pocky shelf . dragon of all breed lay about , nested in horde . the arrive dragon fly in , drop the fish and game into a central pit , glow red and shroud in mist . hiccup be amaze . hiccup what my dad would not give to find this . toothless peel away from the procession , landing on a small shadowy shelf to keep a low -profile . hiccup and astrid peek around , take in the busy hive of sort . they watch as the food continue to be drop into the pit . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's satisfy to know that all of we food have be dumped down a hole . astrid they be not eat any of it . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 68 . last to arrive be a dim -witted gronckle . it hover over the pit and regurgitate he paltry contribution -- a pathetic little fish . as it fall into the steamy pit , a terrible roar ring out . the gronckle try to flee , but before it can , a gargantuan dragon head jut from the steamy pit and snap it out of the air . swallow it back whole . hiccup and astrid recoil , terrify . astrid ( cont 'd ) what be that ? the monstrous beast sniff the air , seemingly aware of they . it near the ledge where toothless be hide ... and roar . several dragon take flight in fear . hiccup alright buddy , we gotta get out of here . now ! toothless take flight , barely evade the monster 's snap jaw . the behemoth dragon lunge for they , snatching a Zippleback out of the air instead . toothless disappear into the winge exodus as thousand of dragon flee the caldera in fear . ext . hidden cove - night - later toothless glide into the cove and touch down on the moonlit beach . astrid ( she mind reeling , talk hiccup 's ear off ) no , no , it totally make sense . it 's like a giant beehive . they be the worker ... and that 's they queen . it control they . she leap off of toothless and run toward the village . astrid ( cont 'd ) let 's find you dad . hiccup no , no ! not yet . they will ... kill toothless . ( beat ) ( more ) " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 69 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) astrid , we have to think this through carefully . astrid eye he , incredulous . astrid hiccup , we just discover the dragon ' nest ... the thing we have be after since Viking first sail here . and you want to keep it a secret ? to protect you pet dragon ? be you serious ? hiccup stand firm , resolute . hiccup yes . astrid 's take aback . astrid okay . ( beat ) then what do we do ? hiccup just give I until tomorrow . I will figure something out . astrid okay . astrid punch hiccup in the arm . astrid ( cont 'd ) that 's for kidnap I . hiccup look to toothless for support . toothless snort , dismissive . astrid grab he . he brace for another hit . she kiss hiccup on the cheek . astrid ( cont 'd ) that 's for , everything else . in the awkward wake of the moment , astrid hurry off ... leave hiccup rubbing he cheek , stunne . toothless hobble up , eyeing he . hiccup what be you look at ? " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 70 . ext . training ground - day the grounds have be transformed . banner and flag flap in the morning sun . surround the ring , a festive crowd have gather . all of berk have turn out for the event . stoick ( aloud to the crowd ) well , I can show my face in public again . laughter and applause stoick ( cont 'd ) ( playful ) if someone have tell I that in a few short week , hiccup would go from be , well ... hiccup , to place first in dragon training ... I would have tie he to a mast and ship he off for fear he would go mad . yes ! and you know it ! ( beat ) but here we be . and no one 's more surprised ... on hiccup stand at the entrance to the ring , listen , look burden . stoick ( cont 'd ) ... or more proud than I be . today , my boy become a Viking . today , he become one of US ! cheer and roar . astrid approach hiccup . astrid be careful with that dragon . hiccup ( be : the roaring crowd ) it 's not the dragon I be worried about . astrid ( worried ) what be you go to do ? hiccup put a end to this . she eye he , dubious . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 71 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I have to try . ( beat ) astrid . if something go wrong ... just make sure they do not find toothless . astrid ( grim ) I will . just promise I it will not go wrong . hiccup can not . gobber approach . gobber it 's time , hiccup . knock he dead . hiccup put he helmet on and enter the ring . on the teens hooting and hollering from the stand . tuffnut show them how it 's do , my man ! hiccup lock eye with stoick . stoick nod with a smile . hiccup return a half -smile . take a deep breath . he hoist a shield onto he forearm and select he weapon from a rack of many -- a small dagger . stoick ( muttered ) hrmph . I would have go for the hammer . hiccup turn to face a bolt , heavy door . take a deep breath . hiccup I be ready . the door bolt be raise . the crowd grow quiet ... beat . boom ! the door blast open with a stream of sticky fire . follow by a monstrous nightmare , coat in flame . it tear out of its cave like a irate bull -- as the crowd roar and jeer . it climb the wall and chain enclosure like a bat , hiss at the provoking crowd and blast fire . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 72 . it spot hiccup and descend , leer and lick the flame drool from its lip . the crowd grow silent , brace for the big fight . with the monstrous nightmare 's eye lock upon he , hiccup deliberately drop he shield and dagger step away from they . the dragon pause , confuse . on stoick , also confuse . stoick what be he do ? the dragon press closer , snort . hiccup extend he open hand . it snarl . hiccup ( whispered ) it 's okay . it 's okay . the dragon continue to pace , focus on ... hiccup' helmet . hiccup realize , then reach up and remove it . take a breath to acknowledge the point of no return , he toss the helmet aside . it hit the ground . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I be not one of they . gasp and murmur race through the crowd . on stoick , as all eye turn to he . he 's welling with upset . hiccup avoid stoick 's glare and remain focus on the nightmare , hold he hand out . it pace around he , calming down . stoick stop the fight . hiccup no . I need you all to see this . the crowd get restless . hiccup ( cont 'd ) they be not what we think they be . we do not have to kill they . stoick I say stop the fight ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 73. stoick whacks he hammer against the iron enclosure , rattling the arena with a terrible reverberate clatter . spook , the nightmare snap at hiccup 's outstretch hand . hiccup yelp and spring backward . the spell be break . the nightmare react to hiccup 's sudden movement and blast another stream of fire . hiccup scream and barely dive out of reach . ext . cove - continuous on toothless his ear plate shoot up . panic flare in he eye . ext . training ground - continuous hiccup scramble around the ring . the nightmare pursue , snap and spring from ground to wall . stoick push through the crowd , rush to the doorway . stoick out of my way ! astrid hiccup ! astrid wedge she axe under the arena gate and squeeze through . ext . cove - continuous toothless bound to the cove wall , claw they in desperation . it seem he 's as trap as before , but with a incredible burst of effort he hook a claw over the upper lip of the stone wall . ext . training ground - continuous a narrow stream of fire narrowly avoid hiccup as he continue to dash around the ring , evade the monstrous nightmare . desperate , he go to the weapon rack in a attempt to arm himself , but the nightmare quickly destroy the rack and close in on he . ext . cove - continuous toothless tear through the wood , bound like panther and take to the air in short burst . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 74 . ext . training ground - continuous stoick wrench the grate door to the arena and jump through . the monstrous nightmare be only a few foot behind hiccup . astrid be now in the ring . astrid hiccup ! she pick up a hammer and hurl it at the monstrous nightmare , hit it in the head . it turn its attention to astrid , and begin chase she . stoick raise the arena gate , wave she toward it . stoick this way ! astrid make it through , but the nightmare blast the doorway , cut hiccup off . it pounce on he and prepare to finish he off . suddenly , a terrible roar pierce the din . gobber night fury ! get down ! toothless bound over the crowd and blast a hole through the chain enclosure . he fly through it and disappear in the boil smoke . the Viking rush to railing ... in time to see a flurry of wing cut through the dissipate smoke . toothless and the nightmare tumble into the clear , lock in a toothy , vicious fight . toothless kick the nightmare off and plant himself between hiccup and it . the nightmare snarl , circle they . toothless lunge and roar ... cause the nightmare to relent and back away . to everyone 's shock and horror , hiccup get to he foot and grab toothless protectively . hiccup ( panicked ) alright , toothless , go . get out of here ! the crowd be gob-smack , grow livid . viking night fury ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 75 . hiccup try to shoo toothless away in vain . Viking begin pour clamber through the enclosure and drop into the ring . hiccup go! go ! viking take it alive ! stoick grab a axe and charge into the arena . astrid call out to he , panicked . astrid stoick no ! hiccup dad ! no ! he will not hurt you ! the other Viking surround and attack toothless . he toss they aside like rag doll , he eye focus on stoick . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no , do not ! you be only make it worse ! stoick raise he hammer as he charge for toothless . toothless duck and pounce on he . they tumble end over end . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! stop ! he pin stoick and inhale . the familiar hiss of gas build . everyone brace ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) no ! toothless swallow back the blast and turn to hiccup , not understanding . viking get he ! the crowd rush he , pile on , and take toothless down . astrid hold hiccup back . hiccup ( desperate ) no! please ... just do not hurt he . please do not hurt he . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 76 . stoick get to he foot , fume , shake . a Viking present stoick with a axe . he eye toothless a moment , then push the axe back into the Viking 's hand . stoick put it with the other ! his burn glare turn to hiccup . int . great hall - day on hiccup be shove into the dank , dimme hall . slam ! the massive door rattle and echo . stoick push past he . he pace against a backdrop of shadowy tapestry and carve pillar -- a legacy of heroes , all peer down in angere judgement . stoick I should have know . I should have see the sign . hiccup dad . stoick we have a deal ! stoick pause to say something , but stop short . he snort and resume pace , repeat the cycle . hiccup ( flustered ) I know we do ... but that be before ... ughh , it 's all so mess up . stoick so everything in the ring . a trick ? a lie ? he stomp toward hiccup . stop short and point , fight back word . hiccup I screw up . I should have tell you before now . take this out on I , be mad at I , but please ... just do not hurt toothless . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 77 . stoick the dragon ? that 's what you be worried about ? not the people you almost kill ?! hiccup he be just protect I ! he 's not dangerous . stoick they have kill hundred of US ! hiccup and we have kill thousand of they ! they defend themselves , that 's all ! they raid we because they have to ! if they do not bring enough food back , they will be eat themselves . ( beat ) there 's something else on they island dad ... it 's a dragon like -- stoick huff . stoick -- they island ? he stomp back ... point a accuse finger . stoick ( cont 'd ) so you have be to the nest . hiccup do I say nest ? hiccup go silent -- he say too much . stoick how do you find it ?! hiccup no ... I do not . toothless do . only a dragon can find the island . stoick glare . a moment pass , then a idea take form on he face . his eye flare . hiccup watch , realize . stoick stomp toward the doorway . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh no . no , dad . no. hiccup chase after he , panicked . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 78 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) dad . it 's not what you think . you do not know what you be up against . it 's like nothing you have ever see . he grab stoick by the arm , tug with all he might . he have no effect whatsoever . hiccup ( cont 'd ) dad. please . I promise you that you can not win this one . nothing . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no. dad . no . for once in you life , would you please just listen to I ?! he throw hiccup off of he , swatting he to the floor . icy stillness . hiccup stare back , stunne . stoick you have throw you lot in with they . you be not a Viking . ( beat ) you be not my son . stoick push through the door , leave hiccup alone , devastate . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) ready the ship ! ext . great hall - continuous stoick stagger on the step , break inside . ext . dock / OPEN sea - day Broken -down catapult and trebuchet be bundle up and lower from the cliff . below on the dock , Viking load the heavy artillery into the hull of await ship . Children and the elderly gather to on the walkway to wave apprehensive farewell to the depart warrior . lastly , toothless be load aboard stoick 's ship , chain down to a palette , muzzle , and restrain with a weighty neck ring . he look exhaust , miserable . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 79 . stoick cross to the bow as the ship push off and join the amass armada of ship adrift in the harbor . stoick 's brow be furrow , all warmth drain away . he turn west and glare at the horizon with cold determination . stoick set sail ! we head for helheim 's Gate . he then notice hiccup watch from he familiar cliff - side perch beyond the village . they eye meet , full of hurt and regret . hiccup slowly shake he head in warning . stoick break the stare and turn to toothless , fume . stoick ( cont 'd ) lead we home , Devil . on hiccup watch . he 's powerless to stop what be happen , but will not leave . dissolve to : ext . cliff - later on hiccup still stand there . the ship have clear the horizon . crane up to reveal astrid be stand behind he . she approach cautiously and stand beside he in silence . astrid it 's a mess . hiccup do not respond . astrid ( cont 'd ) you must feel horrible . you have lose everything . you father , you tribe , you best friend . hiccup thank you for summing that up . hiccup ( cont 'd ) why could not I have kill that dragon when I find he in the wood . it would have be better for everyone . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 80 . astrid yep . the rest of we would have do it . ( beat ) so why do not you ? hiccup just shake he head - he really do not know . astrid 's eye glimmer . she want something . astrid ( cont 'd ) why do not you ? hiccup I do not know . I could not . astrid that 's not a answer . hiccup ( become irate ) why be this so important to you all of a sudden ? astrid because I want to remember what you say right now . hiccup ( angry , loud ) oh for the love of -- I be a coward ! I be weak . I would not kill a dragon . astrid you say ' would not ' that time . hiccup ( blows up ) whatever ! I would not ! Three hundred year and I be the first Viking who would not kill a dragon ! a beat . astrid first to ride one , though . hiccup blink . he never look at it that way before . astrid ( cont 'd ) so ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 81 . hiccup ( realizing ) ... I would not kill he because he look as frighten as I be . ( beat ) I look at he and I see myself . astrid turn to face the open sea . astrid I bet he 's really frighten now . ( provoking ) what be you go to do about it ? beat . hiccup probably something stupid . astrid good . but you have already do that . another beat . hiccup then something crazy . astrid smile . astrid that 's more like it . ext . OPEN sea / dragon island - day the armada coast toward a shroud of heavy fog , hang like drape from a low-hanging , ominous sky . the ship enter , one by one . visibility drop immediately . flanking ship become ghost . the armada disappear , draw into the blind mist . complete whiteout . nothing remain but the eerie creak of wood on water . on stoick at the bow of he ship . he tap he finger on the gunwale , then look back at toothless impatiently . weigh down with chain , toothless seem unresponsive . stoick sound you position . stay within earshot . shout pour in from all direction . viking # 1 here . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 82. viking # 2 one length to you stern . viking # 3 on you starboard flank . viking # 4 Three width to port . viking # 5 ahead , at you bow . viking # 6 have not a clue . on stoick strain into the fog as the call continue . massive , jag sea stack begin to emerge , threaten to rip the ship to shred . gobber approach he , speak under he breath . gobber listen ... stoick ... I be overhear some of the man just now and , well , some of they be wonder what it be we be up to here -- not I of course , I know you be always the man with the plan -- but some , not I , be wonder if there be in fact a plan at all , what it might be ? stoick find the nest and take it . gobber ah. of course . send they run . the old Viking fall - back . Nice and simple . stoick shhh . stoick notice that toothless ' ear plate be at the alert , quietly reacting to inaudible sound . stoick cross to the stern of the ship and grab the tiller , move the helmsman out of the way . stoick ( cont 'd ) step aside . stoick pull the ship into a turn , covertly follow toothless ' head movement . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 83. the ship barely miss a jag outcrop that suddenly appear out of the soupy fog . viking bear to port . the order be call out from ship to ship . crunch ! the bow barely make it past another sea stack . stoick continue to follow toothless ' cue , undeterred . ext . training ground - day hiccup raise the bolt on the monstrous nightmare 's pen . fishleg ( o.s. ) if you be plan on get eat , I would definitely go with the gronckle . hiccup turn to see he fellow recruit , watch he with fold arm . tuffnut step forward with a scowl . tuffnut you be wise to seek help from the world 's most deadly weapon . ( beat ) it 's I . hiccup uh ... snotlout I love this plan . hiccup I do not ... ruffnut you be crazy . ( sultry ) I like that . astrid so ? what be the plan ? hiccup smile , glow in the support of he friend . ext . foggy sea - day the ship follow in line through the gauntlet of rock as order be whisper from ship to ship . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 84 . a dragon head loom out of the fog . the man recoil ... only to discover that it 's a wreck ship , impale high on a gnarled sea stack . gobber ah . I be wonder where that go . a click buzz become audible , grow louder . it fill the sky , converge in one general direction . stoick sniff the air . stoick stay low and ready you weapon . stoick 's ship suddenly jerk to a halt as the keel burrow into shallow black sand . stoick hop overboard , landing on a sprawling beach . the buz suddenly stop . above he , a craggy volcano tower into the gloom . stoick ( cont 'd ) we be here . behind he , several dragon - head bow pierce the fog . ext . training ground - ring - day hiccup step back from the door , draw the monstrous nightmare out of its cave . it snort , step into the ring , calm by hiccup 's outstretch hand -- focus on he . on the teens ... bewilder , in awe . snotlout nervously reach for a spear lay near he foot . astrid stop he . astrid ( correcting ) uh-uh . hiccup slow to a stop in front of the teens , with the nightmare inch from he outstretch hand . he reach over and grab snotlout 's tremble hand . snotlout wait ! what be you ... hiccup relax . it 's okay ... it 's okay . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 85 . hiccup replace he outstretch hand with snotlout 's , put he in control of the massive beast . the nightmare snort , but remain calm . snotlout , by contrast , chuckle nervously -- it 's at once terrifying and amazing . the other watch , spellbound . hiccup turn and walk away . snotlout where be you go ?! hiccup pull a bundle of rope from a supply box . hiccup you be go to need something to help you hold on . the teens eye each other apprehensively , and look up to reveal ... all the dragon stand in the ring , face the teens expectantly . ext . dragon island - day close on Tree trunk , be sharpen and plant into the sand at angle row . boulder be load into catapult basket . and a war plan be scratch in the sand . stoick loom over it , look determine . his general be at he side . stoick when we crack this mountain open , all hell be go to break loose . gobber in my undy . good thing I bring extras . stoick turn to face the man . stoick no matter how this end , it end today . he walk toward the base of the volcano wall , back by several hundred warrior . he raise he arm and drop it . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 86 . a line of catapult unleash they two - ton load into the cliff wall . it crack and flake away . several more hit tear away at the hollow shell of harden lava . a final boulder shatter the fracture wall , create a deep , dark open to the cavern within . silence . stock raise he hand , make a gesture . a flame bushel be launch into the dark , lighting the wall ... choked with dragon . stoick pull he hammer and rush into the cave , brazen . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( War cry and slashing effort ) in a chaotic flurry , the dragon suddenly rush out like bat from a cave . the take to the air , bypass the axe-swing Viking and flee the island in a mass exodus . the battle - ready Viking drop they weapon , confuse . gobber be that it ? above the island , dragon pour from every crevice , flee to the sky . the sound of screeching dragon fade . viking ( cheer as one ) spitelout we have do it ! stoick do not celebrate . something be not right . he hear something . stoick turn to peer down the dark throat of the cavern . a deep , rumbling roar echoe from the cavern . the ground underfoot trembles . the ship rock . they sail fill with a blast of air . the cheer stop . stoick 's expression sink . stoick this be not over . form you rank ! hold together ! the man scramble to organize themselves . stoick ( cont 'd ) get clear ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 87 . the ground crack . Stone tear away , cascade like a avalanche . and through the settling debris , the silhouette of a gargantuan dragon emerge -- the red death . stir and furious . gobber beard of thor ... what be that ? stoick ( aghast ) odin help we . ( beat ) catapult ! the Viking score direct hit . the burn stone bounce off the dragon 's skin . the Red death focus on the catapult . it crush the first one - smash it and its crew , rattling the beach underfoot . stoick race toward the second catapult . he leap and push a Viking out of the way just before the dragon crush he under he forepaw . the Viking scramble in all direction . viking # 3 get to the ship ! stoick no ! no ! the Red death blast the ship like a mile - long flamethrower . the sail be torch . Viking dive overboard and mast come down . gobber join stoick . gobber heh . smart , that one . stoick look up and down the beach for a answer . stoick ( guilt - ridden ) I be a fool . the monster raise its head to the sky and bellows . the sound shake the beach , knock Viking off they foot . this island be he . stoick stop a Viking General . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 88. stoick ( cont 'd ) lead the man to the far side of the island . spitelout right . ( turn to the other ) everybody to the far side of the island ! the Viking scatter into the rock like ant . satisfied with the ship destruction , the Red death turn its attention back to the Viking . they seem to have vanish . it sniff the air , search for they scent . gobber drop in beside stoick , like two soldier in a trench . Fire blast over head , cause they to duck . stoick gobber , go with the man . gobber I think I will stay , just in case you be think of do something crazy . stoick grab he . stoick ( emphatic ) I can buy they a few minute if I give that thing someone to hunt . gobber remove stoick 's hand . clench he forearm , determine . gobber then I can double that time . stoick grin . Friends to the bitter end . they break cover and dash into the open , splitting up . stoick rip a sharpen post from the ground and hurl it into the monster 's face . stoick here ! gobber no , here ! it spot both of they . he fuel up to fire , glance back and forth between the two man . he focus on stoick . gobber ( cont 'd ) come on ! fight I ! " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 89 . stoick no , I ! the Red death remain focus on stoick - this be it . it rear back and inhale . Gas begin to amass , when ... kablam ! a blast explode against the back of the Red death 's head . it turn distract , as ... ... a nadder punch through the flame , banking across the sky . follow by a monstrous nightmare , a Zippleback , and a gronckle . they roll in unison , revealing the recruit riding on they back . hiccup lead , with astrid cling to he waist . gobber and stoick , watch slack - jaw , in awe . hiccup ruff , tuff , watch you back ! move fishlegs ! the monster shake off the blast and snap in they wake . hiccup direct he squadron out of harm 's way . they climb out of reach and circle each other . tuffnut look at we , we be on a dragon ! we be on dragon , all of we ! hiccup up , let 's move it ! the dragon climb past the Red death . on the ground gobber hobble over to stoick . gobber every bit the boar-head , stubborn Viking you ever be . stoick be speechless . in the AIR the group circle over the dragon 's head . hiccup fishlegs , break it down . fishleg okay . heavily armored skull and tail make for bashing and crush . ( more ) " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 90 . fishleg ( cont 'd ) steer clear of both . small eye , large nostril . relies on hearing and smell . hiccup okay . lout , leg , hang in its blind spot . make some noise , keep it confuse . ruff , tuff , find out if it have a shot limit . make it mad . ruffnut that 's my specialty . tuffnut since when ? everyone know I be more irritate . see . ( irritating sound ) hiccup ( exasperated ) just do what I tell you . I will be back as soon as I can . tuffnut do not worry , we get it cover ! fishleg yeah ! hiccup and astrid peel away . the teens bank and dive toward the monster , split up . the twin race alongside the monster 's head , taunting it . tuffnut troll ! ruffnut butt elf ! tuffnut bride of grendel ! the Red death unload a spray of fire at the twin . they barely dodge it . fishlegs and snotlout hang behind its eye , bang away at they shield , make a racket . the Red death open all six of its eye , spot they . fishleg uh , this thing do not have a blind spot . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 91 . on hiccup and astrid ... search for toothless . hiccup spot he among the burn ship . hiccup there ! he steer the nadder over the deck and hand astrid the rein . he line up he jump ... and hop off , guard he face from the flame . he land on the burn deck . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( to astrid ) go help the other ! she and the nadder take off . as hiccup fight he way to toothless . he unbuckle the muzzle . toothless shriek . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay , hold on . hold on . he get to work on the chain . on snotlout and fishleg they clang they weapon against they shield , make the monster wince . snotlout it 's work . the huge beast start to sway its head dizzily . fishleg yeah ! it 's work . pan down to reveal that the noise be also confusing the gronckle and the monstrous nightmare . both dragon lose they bearing . the Red death thrashes , knock snotlout off of he dragon and onto the monster 's gigantic head . snotlout bounce across the top and come to a stop just shy of the hundred foot drop . snotlout agghh ! fishlegs ' gronckle go down in a spin of confusion . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 92 . fishleg I have lose power on the gronckle . snotlout ! do something ! he hurl snotlout he hammer . the gronkle crash and skid to a stop ... fishleg ( cont 'd ) I be okay ! ... then flip over , crush fishlegs . fishleg ( cont 'd ) ( feeble ) less okay . back to snotlout ... who eye the Red death 's gigantic , veiny eye . he raise the hammer ... snotlout I can not miss ! ... and hammer the monster 's eye , play whack - a-mole . snotlout ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong buddy , get something in you eye ? astrid fly by on she nadder , catch snotlout in all he heroic . astrid yeah ! you be the Viking ! snotlout grin , finally vindicate in she eye . in he distraction , he get throw and land heavily on one of the Red death 's spine -- cling precariously . a close call . snotlout whoa ! on the ground the monster 's tail sweep across the burn ship , snap mast like twig . we follow one down as it crash onto a deck , revealing ... hiccup work at the chain . he can not budge they . Fire lick at he clothes . he look up to see ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 93. the red death blast at the teens , enraged . the monster 's giant foot crash through frame , smash the bow under its impressive weight . hiccup and toothless be throw into the water in a maelstrom of burn plank and rigging . underwater hiccup swim toward toothless . they be both catch in a mess of rigging , be drag down . the heavy palette settles into the rocky bottom like a anchor . toothless have stop struggle . hiccup take one more hopeless tug at the chain - he 's almost out of air . suddenly , a meaty hand grab hiccup . stoick explode to the surface , pull hiccup to the shoreline through flame debris . he lay he down , under the shelter of a overhange rock . hiccup ( overwhelmed ) dad ... stoick dive back into the water between flame flotsam . underwater on toothless , drown . stoick appear in front of he . toothless freeze . stoick tear the chain off of the yoke and let it float free . momentary stillness . they eye each other , through the churn up bubbles . toothless lunge out of the bar -- grab stoick . boom ! in a explosion of sea water , toothless land on the shore , set stoick down and release he . hiccup be awed . the ground rumble underfoot . the monster screech . its massive claw stomp around in the smoke . stoick give way as toothless mount the rock and raise he wing . he turn to hiccup and snort -  let 's go . ' hiccup ( cont 'd ) you get it , bud . hiccup climb onto toothless and buckle himself in . stoick grab he arm . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 94 . stoick hiccup . I be sorry ... for everything . hiccup yeah ... I too . stoick you do not have to go up there . hiccup we be Viking . it 's a occupational hazard . they exchange smile . stoick I be proud to call you my son . hiccup beam , take aback . hiccup thanks dad . stoick let go of hiccup 's arm . hiccup spur toothless on , charge with he father 's belief in he . they rocket into the sky as stoick watch . in the AIR astrid see toothless streaking through the sky , gain altitude . astrid he 's up ! she turn to ruffnut and tuffnut , who be arguing and throwing punch at each other . astrid ( cont 'd ) get snotlout out of there ! in mid - punch , the twin look over to see snotlout strand on the monster 's head . they eye each other . tuffnut ruffnut I be on it ! I be on it ! tuffnut I be on it first ! I be ahead of you . the twin spot snotlout on the giant dragon and steer they Zippleback in he direction . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 95 . ruffnut hey ! let I drive ! the twin peel off , arguing as they race each other to the monster . snotlout see the Zippleback diving toward he and dash down the Red death 's head . he run up the end of its horn ... as the twin sweep past , both miss he ... but perfectly snatching he where the neck merge . ruff and tuff eye each other , surprised and impressed . tuffnut I can not believe that work . the Red death spot astrid and inhales , prepare to blast . she and she nadder get catch in the suction , pull toward the monster 's gape mouth . on the ground the Viking watch with dread . they hear the familiar whir of the ... gobber night fury ! get down ! in the AIR a massive blast jolt the Red death 's head sideways . astrid be throw clear of its mouth ... and she nadder . she tumble through the air . the ground race toward she , when ... she 's suddenly caught by the leg . she look up to see toothless . hiccup do you get she ? toothless grunt . on the ground they fly over the crowd of Viking and set astrid down , mid - run . they circle back to reengage - a black speck against the cloud . astrid ( breathless ) go. in the AIR " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 96 . hiccup and toothless rocket past the Red death 's head and climb , higher and higher . hiccup ( to toothless ) that thing have wing ! okay , let 's see if it can use they ! hiccup pull toothless into a turn . they plummet , gain tremendous speed . the wind buffet they as they target the Red death as super sonic speed . kablam ! toothless unload a fireball against the Red death 's head . it go down with a rumble as they climb anew . on the ground the Viking shield themselves from the dust of the fall monster ... as its wing unfold and extend . in the AIR hiccup look back as they put distance between they . hiccup ( cont 'd ) do you think that do it ? suddenly , the enraged behemoth rise into frame ... flap its wing furiously . a daunt sight . hiccup ( cont 'd ) well , he can fly . hiccup and toothless dive into the tangle sea stack - they weave through the rock like rabbit through a briar . the Red death snap at they , but can not reach they . hiccup and toothless pull ahead . the Red death smashes through the canopy of rock and pull in behind toothless . he burst through fifty - foot formation like they be sapling . on the ground stoick , gobber , and the teens watch as hiccup and toothless streak past , weaving through sea stack . teens woohoo ! yeah ! a moment later the Red death smashes the sea stack to dust in hot pursuit . the Viking mood be quench . in the AIR " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 97 . hiccup and toothless can not slow the monster down . hiccup eye the cloud above . a idea hit he . he lock eye with toothless . hiccup okay toothless , time to disappear . toothless pull into a steep climb , head toward the cloud . hiccup ( cont 'd ) come on bud ! the Red death follow , close in fast . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( hearing the gas ) here it come ! blast ! they narrowly dodge a column of flame and smoke . they reach the low-hanging cloud and pierce they . the monster follow , immediately lose they in the hamper visibility . it roar irritably . from out of nowhere , toothless dive at the huge dragon , blasting and puncturing a hole in its wing . toothless and hiccup be go again before the dragon can get a shot at they . on the ground the Viking stare up at the sky listen to the resounding boom and watch flash light up the cloud . gobber place a hand on stoick 's shoulder . in the AIR hiccup and toothless dive in again and again , use the cloud to hide and surprise as they puncture the monster 's wing . it bellows in frustration and whirl around , unleash fire blindly , in all direction . hiccup see the glow of fire cut towards they . hiccup ( cont 'd ) watch out ! the random blast clip toothless ' tail . it 's heavily damage . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 98 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay , time 's up . let 's see if this work . he pull toothless into a turn . they fly directly into the Red death 's face , taunting it . hiccup ( cont 'd ) come on ! be that the best you can do !? toothless utter a insult too , and they jackknife into a steep dive . the Red death pursue . toothless pump he wing , racing faster than he 's ever go before . hiccup and toothless stay just ahead of the Red death -- no longer try to evade it . hiccup glance back to check the tail - it 's disintegrate . hiccup ( cont 'd ) stay with I buddy . we be good . just a little bit longer . the Red death close the gap . hiccup tuck in and hold toothless steady -- allow the monster to set its sight on they . it narrow its eye . hiccup ( cont 'd ) hold , toothless . the Red death open he mouth . the familiar gas hiss emanate from he throat -- ignition be come . hiccup ( cont 'd ) now ! hiccup hit the pedal hard as toothless extend one wing . they pivot in place , hurtle directly into the Red death 's mouth . toothless fire point blank down the monster 's throat . its amass gas be ignite , backfiring into the monster , erupting in a chain of blast throughout its body . hiccup and toothless burst from the cloud , the Red death hot on they tail , explode from within . it glance forward and see the ground rush up . it throw open its wing , attempt to put on the brake , but the puncture , damage wing can not stop its momentum . as the Red death choke on the expand fireball , he see toothless suddenly pull out of the dive , streaking up , past its head . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 99 . the Red death hit the ground , head - first . it explode like the hindenburg . hiccup and toothless weave through the monster 's massive back plate , wing , and flail leg -- a high -speed recall of the free fall slalom run . the expand fireball race toward they , about to swallow they . they manage to clear the obstacle . hiccup glance back . they be outrun the fireball . he look forward just in time to see the monster 's massive club tail careen toward they . he try to shift they direction . the last shred of toothless ' tail tear away . hiccup 's pedal go dead . hiccup ( cont 'd ) no. no. hiccup and toothless can not maneuver - they be dead in the air . the giant club tail clip toothless , tearing hiccup from the harness and send he tumble against the backdrop of the fast - approach fireball . toothless struggle with all he might to reach the unconscious hiccup . but the fireball swallow they both . on the ground the Viking watch in horror as hiccup and toothless disappear into the boil inferno . dissolve to : a whiteout of ash . and through it come ... stoick hiccup ? hiccup !? stoick appear , search desperately . everything be scorched . even the ground be smoking from the terrible heat . stoick ( cont 'd ) hiccup !? Son !? through the ash , stoick the motionless silhouette of toothless . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( grave ) hiccup . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 100 . he hurry to the dragon 's side . toothless be rough up , but conscious . his scorched saddle , however , be vacant . stoick look to the sky in despair . he buckle at the knee , overwhelm by the loss . stoick ( cont 'd ) oh son ... I do this ... astrid push through the crowd , she eye welling up . follow by gobber . they flank stoick as he kneel , slump over . behind they , a ring of Viking form , keep a respectful distance . as the dust and smoke clear , a ring of wild dragon can also be see , gather just behind and between the Viking . toothless stir and groggily roll he head toward stoick . they eye meet . stoick ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry ... toothless unfold he wing , revealing hiccup , unconscious , clutch safely against he chest . stoick 's eye widen . stoick ( cont 'd ) hiccup . he scoops hiccup into he arm . listen to he heart . burst into relieved laughter . stoick ( cont 'd ) he 's alive ! ( to toothless ) you bring he back alive ! the crowd roar . follow by the dragon . the Viking look around to find themselves surround . stoick lean close to toothless , meeting he eye to eye . stoick ( cont 'd ) ( privately ) thank you ... for save my son . gobber look hiccup up and down . gobber well , you know ... most of he . stoick glance back at he . gobber shrug , redirecting he eye toward ... " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 101 . int . stoick house - day close on hiccup , asleep , he head on a pillow . heal scar on he face show that maybe a week or two have pass . toothless hover over he , whining and grumbling impatiently . hiccup stir . open he eye . hiccup ( groggy ) oh , hey toothless . toothless excitedly nuzzle and nudge hiccup . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay , okay ! I be happy to see you too , bud . now just -- toothless step on he groin , cause hiccup to sit bolt upright with a yelp . he look around , confound . he 's in he bed , move beside the fire pit on the main floor of he house . hiccup ( cont 'd ) I be in my house . ( be : toothless , lean over he , excited ) you be in my house . toothless tear around the room , knock thing over , far too big for the space . hiccup ( cont 'd ) uh... do my dad know you be in here ?! toothless pause at the foot of the bed , tongue wag . he eye the rafter ... and leap up onto they , brim with ' happy dog ' energy . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( distressed ) okay , okay -- no toothless ! aw , come on ... hiccup shift to get out of bed ... then pause ... sense that something be wrong . he peel back the cover slowly . what he see startles , horrify , and overwhelm he -- all at once . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 102. on the bare floor his boot foot touch down . follow by a mechanical prosthetic in place of he second leg . it 's a ingenious spring - load replacement , make of wood and iron . toothless land by the bed and approach calmly , sniff the new leg . he raise he eye to meet hiccup 's , seemingly aware of what hiccup be go through . hiccup brace himself on the bedpost and try to stand on it . he wince and stifles the pain ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay ...okay ... ... but stumble with the first step . toothless catch hiccup 's fall with he head ... and slowly lift he up , stabilize he . hiccup ( cont 'd ) thanks bud . hiccup lean on he like a crutch . they take a few step together . they miss part form a poetic silhouette as they make they way toward the door . hiccup pries it open ( as he do in the open scene ) , revealing a monstrous nightmare flap outside the door . hiccup yelp and slam the door close . he turn to toothless , alarmed . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ? stay here , bud . hiccup pause ... and crack the door open again . he peek outside , he eye widen . he allow to door to swing open , revealing ... ... the monstrous nightmare , carry snotlout on its back . snotlout come on guy , get ready ! hold on tight ! here we go ! a class of newbie dragon rider follow he through frame on a variety of dragon , pull back the curtain on a amazing vista in which : " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 103. Viking and dragon mill about by the dozen , bask on the rooftop , weaving along the plaza . no one seem upset , there be not a sword in sight . under the framework of a massive barn , a nadder blast fire onto a metal brace . it step back to let a Viking hammer it into shape . nearby , a gronkle land , carry a tree trunk in he mouth . he show a Viking what he 's find . the Viking pat he head . another Viking back a Zippleback into a stall to check it for size . hiccup take a step outside , find stoick wait for he on the step . hiccup I know it . I be dead . stoick laugh . stoick no , but you give it you best shot . he put he arm around hiccup , steadying he . he gesture to the transformed village . stoick ( cont 'd ) so ? what do you think ? hiccup just shrug , amaze . below , the plaza , villager take notice . viking # 1 hey look ! it 's hiccup ! they rush over , surround he with a hero 's welcome . viking # 2 hiccup , how you doin ' mate ? viking # 3 it 's great to see you up and about . stoick ( sweetly ) turn out all we need be a little more of ... ( gesture non-specifically at hiccup ) ... this . hiccup ( playing along ) you just gesture to all of I . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 104 . gobber ( o.s. ) well . most of you . gobber push through the crowd , beam proudly . gobber ( cont 'd ) ( be : the prosthetic leg ) that bit 's my handiwork . with a little hiccup flare throw in . think it will do ? hiccup ( bittersweet , come to term ) I might make a few tweak . astrid appear and jab hiccup in the arm . hiccup recoil with a grumble . astrid that 's for scare I . hiccup ( protesting ) what , be it always go to be this way ? Cause I ... she grab he aggressively ... then kiss he . hoot and holler follow . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ... could get use to it . gobber present hiccup with a rebuilt saddle , rigging , and tail . gobber welcome home . suddenly , toothless pounce on the crowd , crush several unsuspecting Viking under he weight . viking night fury , get down ! toothless eye the new tail excitedly , tongue wag . amidst the groan and grumble , hiccup and astrid exchange a sheepish grin . close on close on hiccup 's prosthetic foot , snap into the modify stirrup . " Dragon " deblois / Sanders final draft ( rev.19 ) 02-13-2010 105 . the two piece click together , form a single shape . astride toothless , he 's whole again . he rotate the pedal . the new tail open . Bright red with a skull and Viking horn emblazon on it . hiccup approve . CUT back to reveal ... hiccup and toothless , saddle up and ready to fly . astrid back she nadder into position . hiccup ( to toothless ) you ready ? toothless snort a excited ' yes ! ' from he mount , hiccup look out over the change world . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this ... be berk . ( beat ) it snow nine month of the year ... and hail the other three . they leap into the bright blue sky , together as one . astrid follow , give chase . hiccup ( cont 'd ) any food that grow here be tough and tasteless . the people that grow here be even more so . hiccup and astrid race they dragon through the village -- under eave , over rooftop , down cliff -side , and between ship mast . it 's a high energy , romantic dance of sort . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the only upside be the pet . while other place have ... pony or parrot , we have ... they fellow recruit join they as they take to the open sky , rocketing far above the village . the Northern sky swirl with blaze , multicolor dragon . hiccup and toothless break from the pack , spin into the blind sun . hiccup ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( proudly ) ... dragon . fade to white