how to eat fried worm write by John August base on the novel by Thomas rockwell 1/28/97 fade in : ext . alien desert world - day a hot wind kick up plume of sand . music rise as we sweep across endless dune , tribal drum pound in the distance . begin MAIN title we clip the crest of a dune . down , and up another . a boy 's voice in this strange and forbid world , one creature walk alone . we stop on a four-toed footprint , fill with sand . just the whistle of the wind . and then , a keen cry . a claw break through the sand . giant , reptilian . the whole body crash over the rise , tail slashing across the dune . its eye swivel in separate direction . a boy 's voice he follow a compass only he can see , to a place he do not know . a white worm fall from the orange sky , wriggle as it hit the sand . the lizard 's thick tongue shoot out . suck it in . the drum thunder as we look up to the heaven , where a giant face stare down at we ... int . empty bedroom - continuous look into the terrarium , eleven - year old billy forrester drop another meal worm down on the iguana , make appropriate alien monster noise . billy he have take the sacrifice ! the village be save ! his two - year old sister watch wide - eye from the doorway . she 's spoil the mood . billy go away , Katie . amscray . she do not budge . ignoring she , billy rifle through numbered pack box . give up he search . ext . front of the house - day a pristine New England town , picketfenceville . washed car , well - groom lawn . the kind of place where everyone get the New Yorker , and not just for the cartoon . afternoon heat rise off the street , stick - to- your-back hot . billy duck under a couch as mover carry it in . Katie dog he heel . int . back of moving van - day dusty and sweat , billy 's mom christine slide a heavy box across the floor . she 's young and athletic . at the moment , exhaust . billy look in over the sill . billy Mom , where be my comic book ? christine you dad have the list . be you watch Katie ? he 's already go . ext . on the lawn - day carry a giant box , a dimwitted mover bump into the mailbox . blocked , he push harder and harder , bend back the post . finally billy 's dad mitch rescue he , direct he towards the house . mitch that go in the kitchen . the room with the sink and the stove . ( beat ) just put it anywhere . the mover guy trudge through the flower , head for the house . Three other neighborhood father stand near Mitch . coach mcguire so if you wife be the new principal , what do you do ? mitch well you know , that . that be something we be figure out . I be figure out . mr . saint-claire 's videocamera whirs as he zoom out . he 's taping everything . coach mcguire it 's for that video show . you know , the $ 100,000 grand prize . constable jackson he tape everything . you figure somebody 's gotta fall down sometime . billy tug on he dad 's sleeve . billy dad , where be my comic book ? mitch my son billy . billy hi. hi. hi. where ? mitch ( check list ) box 19 . I think it 's inside already . billy take off . he point a finger back at Katie . billy stay . Katie pout . int . house / MAIN floor - day billy nineteen ... nineteen . we follow billy as he sweep through the room . in the background , the mover guy fall backward , crashing through a picture window . his pal hurry over to help . Mr. Saint - Claire rush in with he videocamera . billy spot a promise box . turn it to find then number . nope . int . second story bedroom - day billy poke through the box , nothing . he look out the window at the quiet , boring treeline street . just a little wistful . that 's when he see a black kid he age jump the fence into the back yard . he start fill two squirtgun from the forrester hose . ext . back yard - day billy walk out to the kid , who have not see he . he 's about to say something when the water - gunman turn on he . the kid , tom jackson , have a smear of blue paint across he forehead . tom Blue or red ? billy I dunno . we just move in . Tom consider this for a second . tom you be blue now . he wipe some of the paint off he forehead and onto billy 's . hand he one of the squirtgun . tom Red control maple , ash and pine . we lose Hickory and it 's all over . billy stare at he gun , confuse . hand it back . billy hold on . he race back inside the house . Tom follow . int . family room - day Hidden behind two other box , billy find box 19 . he rip it open , digging out the Super soaker 9000 , a impressive piece of water - fight technology . tom man , where be you from ? billy ( cock it ) Los Angeles . ext . forrester house - day we rise over the roof to reveal the neighborhood , a checkerboard of back yard . Red team boy by the dozen climb fence , a wave head we direction . it 's the mother of all water fight . ext . front lawn - day dozen of boy race across the grass , some charge , some flee for they life . Mitch hold a tv up out of the stampede . Katie grab he leg tight . a kid dive under the van . christine dodge a stray waterballoon . ext . the neighborhood - day various shot : the Blue team try to stem the charge of the Red Brigade . hose spray , water balloon fly . a garbage can full of water flood a blue bunker . innocent house pet run for they life . but everyone play fair -- dead man get out of the way . int . a house - day two boy charge in from the back patio , disturbing three girl look through magazine . as the boy take off through the house , two two other boy chase they , gun draw . the girl scream at they to get out . ext . side of a house - day alan saint -claire , a Red team sugar addict with Charlie Manson eye , fill a water balloon way beyond its recommend threshold . ext . a side yard - day billy and Tom race through the yard . suddenly , three trash can lid pop up . Red team kid stand , fire . caught in the crossfire , billy and Tom do they best Miami vice -- roll , jump and diving for cover . a kid on the roof throw a water balloon at billy . he catch it . throw it back . Tom charge the line , fire like a madman . billy peg a sniper who have a lock on Tom . the yard be clear . tom Tom Jackson . billy billy forrester . they shake hand . ext . side of house - day Alan keep fill he water balloon , now swollen to the size of a state fair pumpkin . int / ext . STORM cellar - day a small cowlicked kid watch through the crack as joe mcguire walk past , alone . Joe be the jon gotti of the fifth grade , and a good argument for steroid testing in Little League . the cowlick kid rush out with a kamikaze charge , eye close , fire . keeps shoot until he pistol run dry . open he eye . Joe tower over he , big enough to block the sun . his shirt be soak . joe you do not get I . get it ? the cowlick kid nod . joe gimme you shirt . the cowlick kid peel off he beloved Mr. bubble shirt . ext . side of house - day Alan tie off the knot on he water balloon , the neutron bomb of water warfare . it 's the size of a beanbag chair , rubber skin shimmer and translucent . he have to bend backwards to carry it , walk right past billy and tom , who stare in disbelief . tom hey Alan ! Alan jerk around , try to see past the balloon . he trip on he leg and fall on he masterpiece , drench . tom nevermind . ext . fence alley - day Racing ahead , billy and Tom be surprised by three head pop up on either side . in the nick of time , everyone realize they be on the same team -- blue paint all around . weezer climb over the fence , double-husky short tearing as he land . tom weezer , who else we get ? weezer this be it , man . we be gettin’ slaughter . another kid ( hick ) rip off duct tape with he tooth . gelman tape weezer 's short close . gelman who 's the kid ? billy billy forrester . we just move into the house on sycam ... weezer yo , batman . we do not care . tom weezer , hick -- bring ‘em around . operation graveyard have begin . ext . graveyard - day billy , Tom and Gelman crouch at a water spigot , re-filling . billy who decide decide who 's on whose team ? tom Joe mcguire . billy why he ? tom because everybody want to be on he team . refilled , Tom go off to find cover . gelman Joe mcguire 's the best , number one , no question . but everyone be on he team , who would he kill ? up ahead weezer wheeze as he drop down for cover . Tom check the wet mark on he back . weezer not hit . sweating . he point to he soaking armpit . keeps wheeze . weezer Far side . head this way . in the distance , we hear kid yelling . weezer that have be they . ext . pauper 's field - day a flat , open section with only head plate , no monument for cover . hick run for he life , the entire red team on he butt . he take a shot from behind , fall in platoon - like agony . joe hey pansy whacker ! Jackson ! come out and take it like a man . previously soak kid and other onlooker gather at the edge of the field to watch the battle . the cowlick kid be conspicuously shirtless . behind the monument Tom stand . the other three follow . gelman ( to billy ) that 's Joe . joe be that all you get ? you be screw ! on the red side , team of three stretch out innertube harness - - super slingshot . they load in waterballoon . weezer turn he back to the enemy . drop he short to moon they . joe blast ‘em . a hundred water balloon fill the sky . tom cover ! the boy duck behind gravestone and trash can lid . balloon rain down like hailstone , relentless pounding . Gelman take a hit that knock off he glass . weezer get hit by three . the torrent stop . billy peek out from under he shield . he 's dry and alive . Tom stand . billy watch out ! Tom look up to see one last red balloon . no time to run . it hit he smack in the face . he 's soak . Joe and friend cheer . tom we still get a man leave ! joe who ? Tom wave for billy to stand up , he do , nervously . joe who the hell be you ? billy billy . ( more confidently ) billy forrester . murmuring at the side of the field -- who be this guy ? the red- teamer start to reload . tom say '' challenge . '' billy challenge . tom shout it ! Quick ! no time to think , billy shout ... billy ch--challenge ! his voice echoes . the spectator kid lean forward with a oooo000h as the obscure rule be enact . discuss among themselves . Joe shake he head sadly . 10 . billy ( paranoid ) what have I just do ? tom you call challege , so you gotta face Joe down man- to- man in a duel . you only get one shot . so do not blow it . we walk to the side , leave billy alone in he panic . from the far end of the field , Joe walk toward he . finally billy start to close the distance . we push in on billy as he walk , nervous and sweat . as he regains he composure , we pull out . we be now in billyvision ( trademark ) ... ext . the o.k. corral - day Dust , wind and rattlesnake . Tom 's spur jangle as he join the other frontier kide at the store front railing . from the far end of the corral , Joe approach . billy meet he halfway . his eye twitches . joe never see ya ‘round this part . a tongue-flick move a matchstick to the other side of he mouth . billy ( eastwoodian ) be we gonna chit-chat , or be we gonna do this ? joe on ten . billy and Joe stand back to back . they start they count march . one. two . kide three ! four ! five ! alan seventeen ! nine ! infinity ! joe seven. tom eight. 11 . billy nine . ten ! billy turn and draw , lightning fast . fire . but all that come out be a lonely whistle of air . panick , he look at the bottom of the Super soaker . the t-shape stopper dangle as the last of the water drip out . pull out of close up , we be -- ext . back at the cemetery - day joe eat water . the uzi blast like God 's waterpik . billy be drench . Tom and company be disappointed , but not surprised . the Red team cheer , along with more than a few traitorous Blue teamer . as Joe walk past , even the cowlick kid clap for he . when Joe be safely past , the kid kick the grass . ext . sidewalk - day four sneaker squish as billy and Tom walk home . billy I coulda take he . tom we will never know . billy and Tom bump fist . Tom squish off . int . forrester house / foyer - day Mitch and christine try to fit a giant blue couch through a narrow doorway . it 's no good . mitch if we tip it up on its side and slide it ... ouch ! ouch ! he 's pin against the doorframe . billy come in from outside , start climb the stair . christine where have you be ? 12. billy meeting the neighbor . his sneaker squish with each step . they be about to ask , but decide against it . int . billy 's room - night Katie run past squealing in the hallway , wet and shampoo . Mitch chase after she . christine help billy unpack . christine where do you want to put you toy ? billy Mom , fourth grader have toy . fifth grader have stuff . christine I apologize . they unload a box into the closet . christine this be the first time you and I have be at the same school . be you okay with I be you principal ? billy it 's cool . I mean , it 's not like anybody 's go to know . christine honey , I think people be go to figure it out . we have the same last name . we live in the same house . billy have never consider this . he nod , billy I could use a alias , and you could park in the garage . christine just do not think you have to act any differently because I be you mom . promise I you will just be yourself . okay . christine hold up a tatter sock monkey . christine what about Mr. bobo ? 13. billy give he to Katie . I do not care . he 's lie , but she 's too cool to call he on it . she head for the door . christine get to bed . we have school tomorrow . mitch ( at door ) night , sport . as they shut the door , we see billy be visibly troubled . int . katie 's room - night christine tuck Mr. bobo beside a sleep Katie . Mitch take it back out , suspicious . mitch wait . you just have some kind of parental bond experience with billy , do not you ? christine it 's not a competition , Mitch . he nod -- he can see right through she ruse . mitch I x11 admit I be down , but do not count I out . I ’ma rally - er . Mitch forrester rally . he strike a heisman Trophy pose , block and dodging , finally '' scoring . '' he 's about to spike Mr. bobo when he notice christine have leave . he tuck in the monkey and go . int . billy 's room / high angle - night a breeze stir the curtain . billy have doze off , he stack of horror comic slip one - by-one off the nightstand . his flashlight clunk to the floor , the beam spotlight a page in a comic book . we push in on the page . it be animated within each panel ... int . billy 's room / high angle - animation animated billy lie asleep in bed . 14 . the voice billy forrester seem like a ordinary boy . close - up : animate billy asleep . the voice but he have a terrible secret . a secret that would haunt he for the rest of he life . animate billy 's eye shoot open . int . grade school hallway - animation a heavy door clang shut behind animate billy . the hallway be crowded with dozen of kid milling about . they all turn to stare at he . he adjust he backpack and start walk through the pack . close - up : animate billy , nervous , almost paranoid . close - up : kid watch , size he up . two boy be chase each other . they run past billy , brush against he . billy ( to himself ) no , please . not now ! but it 's too late . his torso begin shaking . the backpack slip off . the shirt begin tear off . a second head bulge out of he shoulder . it 's christine . her head flail around , eye wide and maniacal . christine 's head stop run in the hall ! spit out that gum ! do you want detention ? the kid stare in horror . girl oh my God ! he 's a freak ! pandemonium . kid bolt in every direction . animated billy no , wait ! animated joe be the last into the classroom . he wave as he shut the door . the hallway be empty . 15 . christine 's head you be not mad be you ? give you mommy some kiss . he try to fend she off . the voice and so begin the horrible curse of ... dum-dum-dum ! a title sweep over ... the voice principal Boy . int . billy 's room - night the flesh - and -blood billy jerk awake . hop out of bed , disorient . he pull he shirt up over he shoulder . check in the mirror . no mutant head . whew . int . front of house - day a beautiful maxwell House morning . bird sing . sprinkler hiss . Mitch open the front door to see the newspaper fly straight at he . he catch it one-hand . hey . int . foyer - day Mitch climb over the blue couch , which have not move . Katie be come down the stair , drag the sock monkey behind she . mitch guess you and I be the early bird , huh ? she climb on he back . int . live room - day Mitch be glue together a ikea entertainment center . Katie watch . mitch Three , four , five ... he 's out of peg with one hole leave . he check around 16 . everywhere . finally Katie point to the back of he arm . he peel the peg off , continue construction . mitch see , a lot of guy would feel threaten by this situation . I mean , you mom earning all the money . the piece do not fit right . he bang it until it go in . mitch ( cont ’d ) you probably do not know this , but in japanese , the word for '' crisis '' be the same as '' opportunity . '' if the business have not fall apart , you mom would not have be able to take this amazing job and I would not have get this chance to spend more time with you and billy . Katie hand he the allen wrench . mitch ( cont ’d ) for instance , this afternoon you and I be go fishing . when be the last time somebody go fishing in Los Angeles ? the final screw tightened , he stand back to admire he creation . put a book on the shelf to christen it . Katie clap . mitch why thank you . he carry she out of the room . we hang back for a second . the book fall over . the entire unit slant to the side . int . kitchen - day Chaos . a swirl of body fight for floorspace . the microwave beeps . billy dump he cereal bowl in the sink . mitch and christine Water ! billy go back and run water in the bowl . Mitch be chopping up a banana for Katie . christine do one last check . christine be you go to be alright ? 17 . mitch grocery list . alphabetize . beeper . on. wife. late . christine I be go . billy , be you riding with I ? billy ( panicked ) no! christine okay . ( kneel ) one last thing . what be you go to do today ? beeeee .... billy myself . I x11 be myself . christine kiss he on the head , leave . billy you be not gonna do that at school ? christine ( 0.s. ) I promise . in the high chair , Katie cross she arm . katie no banana . mitch Katie , you like banana . remember ? mmmmm . ba-nah-nah . katie no banana ! billy where 's my lunch ? mitch in the fridge . would you ... Mitch motion for billy to help he . grudgingly , billy take a piece of Katie 's banana . billy ( deadpan ) mmm. banana . yum . yum. katie banana ! she 's beam , overjoy . stuff she face with banana . grab a brown bag from the refrigerator . mitch nervous ? billy no. mitch you lie . come here . ( kneel ) you mom tell you to be yourself , right ? she 's smart . I love you mom . but . better idea : be funny . billy funny ? mitch I go to six school in eight year , and let I tell you , funny work . billy okay , I 'il do it . thanks . Mitch point to a cheek . billy give he a peck . mitch you be a heartbreaker . now get you butt to school . billy take off . Mitch stand tall , proud of he accomplishment . cheek puffed , Katie start to whine . pitch climb higher and higher , a bomb about to explode . mitch Katie , honey ? ( lean close ) what be it ? katie banana ! 18 . billy the Mitch wipe a spray of banana and milk off he face . Katie beam . ext . playground / the bike rack - day Joe ride up , kick the brake to spray gravel . billy and Tom 19 . wave away the dust . Joe point to the cowlick kid . joe that pole be mine . go lock you Big wheel somewhere else . the cowlick kid move he huffy away . as he lock he bike , Joe check out billy 's bike . billy stand tall . his bike do not suck . joe so forrester , why have you move here ? billy you know . scenery . that and the arrest record . the joke die . not even a smile . tom his mom be the new ... ow ! what ? billy just kick he . hard . billy so I hear this great joke . there 's this two guy and they be hunt ... joe ( interrupt ) no , I be serious . why do you move here ? from behind they , hick come racing up on rim . hick guy ! guy ! check it out ! turn to see suzie Saint - Claire walk she bike to the rack . kick into '' unchain melody . '' the boy stare in lust ... suzie 's face . body . bike . spoke glimmer , reflector flash ... billy that be the most beautiful bike I have ever see . tom a rockhopper 16j elite™ . ( to Alan ) where have you sister get that ? 20 . joe no girl should own that bike . at the far end of the rack , suzie finally notice the pack of boy stare at she . it 's creepy . billy so anyway , there 's this two guy hunt ... suzie finish lock up and leave . like moth to a flame , the boy all move toward the bike , leave billy alone with he joke . int . principal be office - day christine unpack book onto a shelf . finish one box , she cut open another with a giant utility knife , sweeping so fast that the blade stick into she desk . she struggle to get it free , she frustration increase . God bless she , she 's about as coordinate as a drunken stooge . brace with a foot for leverage , she try to pull it loose . her shoulder bump into the shelf . it fall . twelve textbooks rain down on she , the final one bean she on the head . int . school hallway - continuous Three little girl in starch dress carry bouquet of dandelion . they knock on christine 's door , push it open ... the girl ( sing ) hello hello and welcome welcome , welcome to we school . back turn , eye wide and maniacal , christine yank the knife with a mighty grunt . it pop free , spin she to reveal she guest . they scream . one girl drop she dandelion . the other two run . finally , the third follow . christine make it to the door . christine ( still reeling ) wait ! come back ! come ba -a-a-ack . she slump back into she office , press she head against the door to squeeze out the pain . her eye be cross . 21 . a woman' voice you must be christine . blurry at first , the woman come into focus . woman I be eveylne Saint -claire . I be a '' mom . '' in you hair already . christine no , it 's ... ( dizzy ) it 's great to meet you . still daze , she set the knife down to shake hand . Mrs. saint- Claire be a handsome woman with a breck girl smile and the emotional stability of a abuse hummingbird . mrs . saint-claire I have two kid . twin . suzie and Alan . both be what you have call ( '' air quote '' ) '' special need . '' my daughter suzie be very bright . she 's be test . what 's a number , I know . it be 140 . and because of she ability , she peer sometimes have trouble relate to she . you understand . jealousy . christine nod . Mrs. Saint - Claire examine the struggle spider plant on christine 's desk . mrs . saint -claire Alan , my son , have a diagnose attention deficit disorder , and also a bit of , well ... I do not want to blame he teacher , or the curriculum , but frankly he need a whole - language approach . this phonic concept , it do not '' hook '' he . a beat . when Mrs. Saint - Claire look back up , we see tear hang in she eye . they come out of nowhere . her voice crack a little ... mrs . saint -claire second grade , we would be at the dinner table and he would start make random vowel sound . '' daa daaa doo doo dee . '' this would go on for hour on end . it be heartbreaking . christine do not know how to handle this weep woman . 22 . christine what grade be they in now ? mrs . saint-claire fifth . christine my son billy be a fifth -grader . he 's in they class . Mrs. Saint - Claire smile beatifically , now happy tear . mrs . saint-claire then you understand . you know what I be go through . she rip the last dead leave off the plant and put it on the windowsill just so . with she back turn , christine wince from the still - intense head pain . mrs . saint-claire I need to tell you that there be some parent , well - meaning parent , who be worried that since you last job be at a school of mostly ... ( which word ? ) ..- urban child , you might somehow bring that type of problem problem with you . drug and gang and crack . I tell they what I be go to tell you : I think kid be kid . and each one of they be a unique little problem to solve . christine try to find something to say , but Mrs. Saint - Claire fill the silence . mrs . saint-claire people ask I , other mother ask I , eveylne , how can you sacrifice so much of you time for you kid ? do not you want to go shopping , to the movie , take a little time for yourself ? guess what ? it 's not a sacrifice at all . my kid be my life . they be . and when they tell I , '' Mom , you be the best , '' I say no , I be not . I just have the best kid in the world , and that make it so easy . christine smile . 23. mrs . saint -claire I 'o 1ll go . I know you be busy . I just want to say , '' hi . '' christine it be good to meet you . they shake as Mrs. Saint - Claire leave . alone at last , christine squeeze she temple . the pain be palpable . mrs . saint-claire ( lean back in ) christine . she jump . mrs . saint-claire I just want to say , I think we be go to be great friend . int . fifth grade classroom - day kid load up they desk , rip school supplies out of package . hick launch a eraser off he ruler . peg Gelman in the head . Alan glue he hand to the desk . weezer point to a kid 's lame ass pad of paper . weezer oooh . Little brave . I get Big Chief . Joe hold up he . it 's immense . joe indian warlord . billy check he paper . generic . he hide it in he desk . gretchen demarco , a chubby girl with frightening orthodontics , take a sheet of suzie 's notebook paper , compare it to she own . gretchen you be use college-rule ? I be still use wide -rule . suzie I ' 1l1 loan you some . they teacher , miss overholser , be a willowy spinster three year past retirement . 24 . miss overholser class , we have a new student this year . billy , would you introduce yourself ? weezer bill-eeeeee . he stand , bob as he talk , try to look cool . billy I be billy . we move here from Los Angeles because my dad use to run this coffee shop , but it go bankrupt because he say it be ahead of its time . so anyway , I have a joke . he have a captive audience . the rein of destiny be he . billy so this two really stupid guy be hunt and like , okay they have a dog , a hunt dog like a lab or a pointer . I do not know . it do not really matter . anyway this bird keep fly over all day but the hunter be not get any . so finally one guy say to the other guy ... joe ( interrupt ) maybe we oughtta throw the dog higher . a beat . silence . billy yeah . that 's what he say . embarrass , billy take he seat . Tom shake he head sadly . miss overholser that 's a very funny joke , billy . thank you . also , the rest of the class might not know that you mother , Mrs. forrester , be we new principal . we see billy 's world crumble in slow motion . he sink lower in he chair as the class turn to look at he . Joe smirk . ext . playground - day Fifteen minute of freedom . each area have its own crowd , its own clique . billy move through the swing and teeter-totter . 25 . none of the other kid make eye contact with he . on the blacktop billy stand at the edge of a basketball game . when a kid take the ball back -court , he 's right beside billy . the kid we already get team . on the jungle gym from she perch , suzie Saint - Claire watch as billy walk away . on the field hick maybe it eat poison . like rat poison . we look up as six boy stand around a dead bird , poke it with a stick . billy squeeze he head in to look . after a beat , the other boy walk away . on the benches Tom look up from he baseball card . billy look over . Tom go back to he trading . from the softball diamond , Joe motion for billy to come over . he 's hang out with Alan and few of he croney . as billy approach , Joe toss a Coke can in the air . smashes it with a bat , launching it into leave field . hand the bat to billy . billy kick he foot in the dirt , get he foot . various angle : the Girls . the boy . all eye be on he . billy toss up a can , swing . miss by a mile . Joe laugh . the recess bell ring . billy toss up another can . swing and connect . billy that 's the bell . we gotta go in . joe I do not hear anything . billy everybody 's go in . joe oh that 's right -- you mommy 's the principal . a beat as the playground empty . Joe and billy hold they 26 . ground . finally they start head in . Joe toss up a rock . joe watch this . he connect with a Babe Ruth swing . we rush with the rock as it hurtle toward the school . the window . billy close he eye . Alan grin maniacally as ... joe oh sh --- ... it crash through a window , glass tinkling as it hit the concrete . billy stare in horror . by the school suzie lean back around the corner , out of sight . she see the whole thing . she hold for a moment , a moral quandary . int . principal 's office - day billy sit alone in dread . overhead , a fluorescent light flicker . the clock tick menacingly . he turn around a picture frame on christine 's desk , a photo of he family on a camp trip . suddenly the frame fall down . grabbing for it , he knock over a house plant . dirt everywhere . he kick it under a chair . set the plant down . it teeter over , crash into a snapple . he frantically try to blot up the spill . halfway into dabbing , he look to see what papers he 's use . attendance sheet . he sit back on the counter , try to sort they out . his butt hit a switch . a red light turn on -- int . billy classroom - day a squelch come over the intercom . miss overholser and the kide look up . int . principal 's office - day billy try to wring the papers out into the trash . through the window he see he mom talk to someone in the hall . desperate , he shove the wet papers in a drawer . leap for he chair . christine come in with water and aspirin , close the door 27 . behind she . at the last minute , billy flip the family picture right - side - up . he smile nervously . she sit across from he . christine I be not expect to see you so soon . ( take aspirin ) honey , I know this be awkward . if it help , pretend I be not you mom ; I be just you principal . billy I be not gonna narc on my friend . that 's like the prime directive . int . billy 's CLASS - continuous the class be still look up at the intercom . suzie come in from the hall , take she seat . christine ( on intercom ) I know you think you be protect you friend , but you be not . they need to learn to take responsibility for they action . because eventually it 's go to catch up with they . Joe try to look cool , but he eye betray he . Alan look over . int . principal 's office - continuous the weight of christine 's gaze be crush . billy squirm . billy ( a whisper ) I can not tell you . a knock at the door . another teacher poke he head in . teacher ( whisper , point ) intercom . christine find the switch . realizing it 's be on all this time , billy 's heart drop three floor . teacher it be Joe mcguire who break the window . christine you be sure ? 28 . teacher a reliable source just tell I . and believe I , I know the work . christine ( to billy ; disappointed ) look like you be off the hook . int . billy classroom - day the room be dark as the class watch a ' 70 scholastic film strip . narrator contrary to its name , the dung beetle thrive on a wide variety of plant and animal refuse . all eye be on billy as he move through the light to find he seat . at the door , christine talk to miss overholser . miss overholser Joe mcguire . would you come up here , please ? a stir go through the class . Joe glare over at billy , who motion '' I do not do it . '' as Joe go up to the door , the kid in class stare accusingly at billy -- a sacred covenant have be break . Tom shake he head . int . classroom - later the class be quiet , head bent over for silent read . Alan suck up a page from he book , blow to turn it over . Joe come in from the hall , walk tough . all eye follow he as he take he seat . after a beat , weezer lean over . weezer ( whisper ) so what happen ? joe you would not believe I if I tell you . gelman sure we would . a beat . int . joe ( lean close ) it be like this ... christine 's office - day shadowy black and white , all intercut and close-ups . be not billyvision -- this be Joe tell a fabulous and elaborate lie . joe she say ... christine we can do this easy , or we can do this hard . I know you break the window . Light through a break window . rock break the glass . Hand throw rock . Joe 's face as he throw . christine set the rock down on the desk . cu : ext . joe it be a accident . christine lot of accident happen at school . kid disappear without a trace . especially troublemaker . a empty desk . christine listen to I , Joe . I have already get a milk carton with you name on it . playground - day ( color ) by the balance beam , a crowd of kide listen with rapt to Joe 's story . dandelion girl it 's true ! she have a knife . weezer what have you say ? joe I stick with my story . 29 . this attention 30 . gretchen you be so brave . ext . blacktop - day one basketball - play boy lean over to another . boy I hear if you even sneeze in the library , she make you clean out the chalk trays . with you tongue . behind they a pig - tailed girl swing one end of a jumprope . suzie be sit nearby , read '' the fountainhead . '' pig - tailed girl in California , because of the gang , if you be tardy more than three time they cut off all you hair . suzie no they do not . pig - tailed girl it 's true . that 's why they wear bandanas . the jump - roping girl suddenly get a panicked expression . christine walk past , smile . the pig-taile girl finger she precious hair worriedly . further on four little girl be play four- square when the ball take a bad bounce . christine catch the ball for they . the girl stare at she in wide - eye horror . she smile . Three of the girl back away in terror . christine ( confuse but comforting ) here you go . she try to hand the ball to the remain girl , who break down in tear . christine put a hand on she shoulder to comfort she , but the girl run away , scream . what do she do ? ext . the jungle gym - day 31 . the crowd around Joe have grow to a mob , kid from every grade . hick she be go to kill you dog ? joe that 's the only reason I give in . weezer man , that chick be mean . gelman she 's not just mean . she 's some kind of supervillain . gretchen ( decidedly ) I hate she . angle on billy at the edge of the crowd . Tom look over to he . billy slink away , try to be invisible . int . cafeteria / lunch line - day billy slide he tray down the slow - move line -- it 's taco day . a giant cook with three miss finger drop a new tray of crumble meat into the steam table . billy 's up . the cook 's stare at he , a scoop of crumble taco meat ready . billy just milk . int . lunchroom - day it 's one of that long cafeteria table where the side fold down into bench . Tom stand near the middle . tom peanut butter , peanut butter . sold ! next I have get baloney on wheat , partly mushed . I see a apple , do I ... fruit rollup ! go ... go ... sold ! he make the swap , give the baloney kid he fruit rollup . tom I get 10 percent of that . 32 . Alan trade he entire lunch for sugar packet . he horde they like a junkie . billy look for a place to sit . kid slide they trays to close open gap -- he 's be shut out . billy take a chair at the short end of the table . joe move it , forrester . that 's mine . billy surrender the chair , still no place to sit . finally suzie move she tray to create a open space . billy end up sit in the middle of the girl 's section . it 's humiliate . suzie ( low ) look at it this way . you day can only get better . billy yeah , maybe I could get hit by a truck . he look through he lunch bag , but all that 's inside be a styrofoam container . tom leftover ? good market for that , especially italian . billy open the lid to reveal ... dirt . billy it 's just dirt . tom what be you suppose to do ? grow you own ? alan ch-ch - ch - chia ! billy dig around in it , finally dump it out on the tray . a squiggling pink mass of worm spill out . Real nightcrawler , the kind that look like they have a band - aid around the middle . Girls scream , everyone get away . billy look at the container , confuse . flash CUT ext . river dock - day 33 . fishing pole in hand , Mitch dig into a brown bag . pull out a sandwich . a apple . cheeto . he knot he brow . Katie look up from under a fishing hat . with a shrug , Mitch thread a cheeto on the hook . flash CUT int . back at the lunchroom - day Dead quiet . everything feel hyper-real , stylize . the class stand back , stare at the pile of dirt . a few worm drop over the side of the table , smacking on the floor below . joe hey forrester . dare you to eat one . like spectator at a tennis match , all head swivel to billy ... billy no way . ( beat ) I mean , you be kid , right ? whip pan back to Joe ... joe you be not just a snitch , you be a wuss , too . billy look around at the other kid . maybe Joe be serious . the moment pass . en masse , the girl carry they trays to a new table , leave billy behind . he start to scoop the dirt and worm back into the container . gretchen ( low ) God , he 's such a freak . when no one 's look , Tom leave billy half he sandwich . ext . football field / p.e. CLASS - day two shot : it 's down between billy and the cowlick kid . joe simmon . the cowlick kid take he place with the team . billy , the humiliate leftover , go with the other . 34 . ext . field - day joe Hut ! Hut ! hike ! as quarterback , Joe scan for a open receiver . billy 's cover he man tight . finally , Joe make a break for it . billy 's all over he , de-flagge he just before the goal line . coach mcguire Nice hustle , Joe . joe thanks , dad . come up behind billy , Joe shove he hard , send he tumble . no one see he do it . Joe give he a hand to help he up . drop he again . int . school stage - day series of shot : against a mottle - leaf background , suzie strike a glamour pose . flash . weezer can not decide whether to smile with or without tooth . flash . Alan look wholesome and decent . his eye suddenly bug out . flash . Tom check he look in a big mirror . billy 's behind he , try to get the mud off he shirt . there 's a noticeable gap in the line behind he . billy why do everyone treat I like I be radioactive ? Tom pull he to face the mirror . in the reflection , christine 's head be grow out of billy 's shoulder . billy spin to see christine against the far wall talk to another teacher . she wave to he . billy cringe . Tom sit on the stool , a Hollywood smile . flash . 35 . tom ( to photographer ) how about another for protection ? back in line , the cowlick kid come up behind billy . cowlicked kid so b-b-b-b-billy . d-d- do you like anim - m-maniac ? billy leave I alone , you little turd . it be loud enough that everyone hear . and look . billy ignore the stare . the cowlick kid would die right now , if will alone could manage it . int . stairwell - day come off the stage , billy head down a few hide step . out of the darkness , a hand grab he , pin he against the wall . it 's suzie . suzie leave simmon alone . billy I do not mean ... ow ! suzie you want to pick on somebody , pick on the kid on top . do not be a thug . with another shove , she leave he in the shadow to recover . a school bell ring . int . classroom - day end of the day . the class stack they chair on they desk . billy try to make eye contact with the cowlick kid , but the boy will not look over . as people file out past billy , it 's like he 's invisible . only suzie glare as she pass . ext . playground - day 36 . stand near the building , billy watch as Joe and the other boy be unlock they bike . Tom , weezer , hick and Gelman form a loose group along the edge of Joe 's pack . at the far end of the bike rack , the cowlick kid unlock he huffy . Joe say something to he . we do not hear what it be , but it hurt . billy close he eye . breathes twice . and walk . Joe 's croney nudge he as billy approach . billy hey Joe . you be on . joe on what ? billy I be take you bet . joe what bet ? billy I be gonna eat a worm . he unzip he pack and take out the styrofoam container . Joe be genuinely surprised . he hardly remember the bet . weezer cool . billy and if I do it , simmon get to lock he bike there . he point to the cowlick kid , who 's startle . '' huh ? '' run through the kid . joe no way . it would take a crapload more than one worm . billy okay . two worm . a '' oooh '' go through the boy . joe a hundred . billy hesitates . then ... a general 37 . tom five . billy look at Tom -- what the hell be you do ? joe fifty . tom Seven . joe fifty-seven . billy wait ! this be not at all what he plan . he look around at the other kid look at he . for just this moment , he 's not a dork . billy I nil eat as many worm as be in this pack . one a day , as long as it take . all eye on Joe . he look at billy , at the container . joe deal . ext . concrete - minute later boy finger sort through the dirt , pick out the worm . try to squiggle back toward the clump . boy ..- eleven ... twelve ... billy look in , surprised just how many there be . boy ... thirteen ... fourteen ... tom fif ... be that really one worm ? weezer Jesus H. Christmas . hick it 's one piece . maybe it 's a mutant . the worm in question be easily three time the size of the some 38 . other , not just in length , but also girth . gelman it 's Big charley . boy ( agree ) Big charley . tom ( to billy ) I would eat he last . billy look to Joe . billy a worm a day for fifteen day . fix however I want . joe and I have to see you eat it . billy and Joe spit on they hand to cement the deal . shake . joe one more thing . no snitching to mommy . we keep this just between we . if anybody tell anybody anything , I will personally kick he ass . everybody swear . all the boy ( loosely together ) swear . gelman where be you gonna eat the first one ? tom I know a place . he look over to the school . int . empty hallway - day a creaky old janitor wheel he mop bucket , start a new section . he have he back turn , whistling . Tom peer around a corner , signal the all -clear . cue '' mission impossible '' - type theme . a squad of a dozen boy scurries down the hall , ducking for cover . weezer sneak behind the janitor . his sneaker squeak on the wet floor . he freeze . 39 . the janitor stop whistling . echoey quiet . from they hide place , the boy panic . weezer move to stay behind the janitor as he turn . he duck safely into the cafeteria . ext . back alley - day swoop in on billy , Joe , Alan and hick crouching behind a dumpster . billy check he swatch . all four watch as the burly school cook open a side door from the kitchen . he hang he apron on a hook , take he motorcycle helmet . billy motion to Gelman , hide in the bush . Gelman flash he glass in the sunlight , send a signal to ... ext / int . side window - day ... the cowlick kid , who relay the message inside to ... int . hallway - day ..+- Tom , who motion go! go! go ! weezer hold open the cafeteria door as the boy sneak behind the janitor . ext . side door - day the cook check he key , lock the knob on the outside door . billy panic . billy C ’mon Tom ! the door be perilously close to shutting when -- int . cafeteria - day Tom pound on the inside door . ext . outside door - day in the nick of time , the cook hear it . he step back inside . billy and hick dash for the door before it close . they lay a strip of duct tape over the jam to keep it from lock . int . cafeteria - day cowlicked kid I do not fart . you farted . 40 . weezer smelt it , deal it . Tom shush they . the top half of the kitchen door swing open . the cook look out into the empty cafeteria . huh . reverse to see Tom and the rest of the kid press back against the wall . the cook shut the door . ext . alley - day billy and Joe hide again . the cook come out , let the door shut . he head across the parking lot . joe ( to Alan ) stay here and keep watch . alan what be I suppose to watch ? joe everything . billy , Joe and Gelman duck into the kitchen . Alan 's head swivel as he try to watch everything at once . two second grade girl walk past , unnerve by Alan 's bug-ey autism . alan hihowzitgoin 's ? the girl run . int . kitchen - day Gelman open a cabinet . forty -seven pan fall out , clanging endlessly . everyone shush everyone else . weezer open a refrigerator , help himself to a few bowl of jello . billy be fiddling with the control on the big stove . billy how do we turn this on ? hick try this one . a jet of flame shoot up in the background . billy it 's not do anything . 41 . the flame die . no one see it . Tom dig out a worm from the styrofoam pack . billy we gotta like kill it first . y'know , eucharize it . tom whattawe gonna do , shoot it ? Joe jam a spatula into a crack . put the worm on the end and launch it like a catapult . it hit smack against a wall . hang for a sec . then fall . the boy lean in to look . hick be it dead ? gelman I think it 's daze . ext . parking lot - day stand at he harley softtail , the cook check he pocket . thinks for a second . turn and head back toward the school . int . kitchen - day we push in on a pair of sunglass , forget on the desk . they eye at grill - level , the boy drop a worm on the greasy surface , where it sputter and pop . ext . side of school - day Alan , still frantically watch everything at once , finally spot the cook head he way . he panic , yanking on the side door . lock . nowhere to run . we cross - CUT back and forth , Alan and the approach cook , who still have not see he . Alan finally leap into the dumpster . int . kitchen - day weezer go ! weezer and hick race to see who can snarfle up a bowl of jello first . weezer win . 42 . weezer ( nose stuff ) undofooted ! he plug a nostril and blow out chunks of lime - green snot . the boy stare at he in horror . weezer what ! it 's natural . weezer realize the boy be stare behind he . he turn to face the stomach of the giant cook . he scream ... and scream ... until he can not scream any more . it 's very quiet , just the sound of the worm sizzling on the grill . billy set a pan over it to hide it . the cook look around at the dozen boy in he kitchen , and the mess they have make . flour spill on the floor . a spatula fall and clang . cook I have get a shotgun in that closet . it come out in ten second . nine second ... tom go! go! gol ! the boy scurry , set thing straight and head for the door . billy grab the fry worm in a napkin . Gelman and hick trip over each other . weezer shove half - snarfle jello back in the refrigerator . cook Three . two. one . stuck in the doorway , Gelman , hick and weezer pop through . the kitchen be empty . ext . somebody 's back yard - day billy ( low ; to Tom ) I can not do it . I can not . I '’11 hurl . he hand the napkin-wrapp worm back to Tom . joe if he hurl , it do not count . 43. alan yeah ! Alan peel off some of the trash stick to he body . lick a popsicle wrapper . Tom pull billy aside . tom if you do not do this , you be gonna look like a double wuss and a backer- outer . billy I know . I can do it , I just can not think about do it . I needa distraction . a beat . Tom suddenly kick he in the shin . billy hollers in pain , jump around on one leg . joe ( feed up ) I be out of here . billy wait ! I x11 do it . we push in on billy , who breathes in through he nose , out through he mouth . again . and again . and then ... he eat it . it 's chewier than you would think , tough and stringy like jerky . the boy watch , fascinate , as he chew 15 time and swallow . he lick the inside of he mouth to get rid of the taste . joe do not count unless it stay down . the kid lean a little closer , wait to see if he 's go to choke or die or what . billy look around , unsure himself . his lower lip begin to tremble . his jaw . then he whole head . his arm start to quake . everyone take a step back . pre-hurl chest contraction . weezer he 's gonna blow ! kid cram against the back wall , back turn . billy 's whole body begin to convulse , a stand seizure . a inhuman retching sound . then ... billy psych ! 44 , he 's totally fine . weezer I know he be fake . ( to hick ) you believe he . Joe pries open billy 's mouth , peer inside . billy move he tongue so the world can see . nada . tom the worm have be eat ! weezer and Gelman cheer . on Joe 's glare , they suck it back in . int . upscale supermarket - day Mitch be at the seafood counter . Katie be in the cart , still wear she dad 's fishing hat . mitch hi . I be look for three fish of a impressive but not unrealistic size . teenager like salmon ? mitch like salmon but not salmon . think local . do you have anything that could be catch here ? teenager we have a tank . Mitch look down at the tank . mitch okay . this be lobster . now , of the two word ...” local '' ... '' '' fish '' ... Fish be far and away the more important . the teenager smile , confuse and frustrated . teenager we have bluefish on special . mitch be that local ? a beat . the teenager shrug , no idea . 45 . int . supermarket / checkout line - day Mitch wait in line for the register when he spot coach mcguire and constable Jackson in the '' 10 item or less '' lane . after a beat , he steer he cart that direction . on the way , he shed item out of he cart , winnowing it down to ten . in line Mitch unload he cart onto the belt . Three lobster scurry to get away . constable jackson Mike . mitch ( mock surprised ) oh , hey . Mitch , actually . the coach and the constable be buy beer . Katie tug at she dad 's sleeve . he shush she , not right now . constable jackson how be you settling in ? mitch great . Fine . just , you know , everything 's do really good . katie I make yellow . Mitch pat she on the head , embarrassed . the coach get he change . he and the constable be leave when the coach turn . coach mcguire so Mitch , we be go to be drink some beer on the boat later . why do not you come by ? mitch I will be there . as the man leave , Mitch make a tiny '' woo-hoo . '' ext . on the boat - night the three man kick back with cigar and heineken . star fill the giant night sky . constable Jackson sigh with satisfaction . Mitch make a even bigger sigh , so obvious that it 's funny . 46 . coach mcguire so Mitch . doris say you use to run a coffee shop . mitch actually , it be a copfee shop . combination coffee shop and copy shop . you could get some mochaccino , run some resume . constable jackson do you have that biscotti thing ? man , I love that . coach mcguire doris say you go bankrupt . constable jackson thing be , it look like toast , but really , it 's a cookie . billy 's voice ( 0.s. ) dad ? dad ! mitch up here ! he look over the side of the boat . instead of water , we see grass . we be in coach mcguire 's back yard . billy Mom say you be suppose to come home . Mitch shrug to he friend , start climb down . coach mcguire crack a invisible whip . title over : the second worm ext . tom 's back yard - day Tom drop the worm into a coffee grinder . put the lid on and whirs . he stop , but the buz continue . it 's Alan . he keep at it until everyone 's stare at he . Tom spread the paté on a ritz . billy stare at it . the paté be pink and chunky . joe he will not do it . 47 . gelman / weezer / hick I would not . / I would . / I might . once . weezer not twice . gelman no way . joe first time be a fluke . billy 's still stare . he tap at it with the tip of he tongue . tom want I to kick you again ? billy I can do it . he psyches himself up for a monster chomp . at the last second , lose he nerve . lean close , Tom try a different tack ... tom maybe you should not do it . back out now , call the whole thing off . who care what everybody think ? if people make fun of you , you can just sick you mom on they . she could have they in detention like that . I mean , yeah , people may hate you and fear you and not invite you to party , but at least they 's 1l only be say the really bad stuff behind you back . a beat . billy inhale the cracker , chew and swallow quick . with a swig of water , he get the crumb down . tom the worm have be eat ! a few kid clap , but the applause die as they look to Joe . still , Tom recognize the subtle shift in perception . a girl voice whatcha do ? all head spin back to the fence . gretchen demarco be nursing a pudding pop , watch the whole thing . 48 . tom nothing . gretchen do not look like nothing . look like he just eat a worm . how come he do that ? the boy look at each other . the girl know too much . tom scatter ! the boy run off in a hundred different direction . gretchen stay put with she pudding pop , perplex . ext . behind another house - day billy and Gelman join up with Tom and hick , who be hide . tom we gotta plan this better . if girl find out about this , they 'il tell they mom and they mom 's will tell he mom . from now on , we follow strict security protocol . hick all information on a need - to - know basis . gelman what do that mean ? hick you do not need to know . title over : the third worm ext . tom 's house - day binoculars around he neck , hick watch as some girl walk past . when they be out of range , he talk into a walkie- talkie he be hide . hick perimeter be clear . repeat . perimeter be clear . int . tom 's kitchen - day 49 . on cue , boy pull down all the window shade . lock all the door . Tom open the toaster over to reveal a crisp worm dangle in the grill . a wavy pink french fry . dipping it in ketchup , billy eat it in three bite . mother jackson Thomas ? she push open the door from the dining room . there be a dozen boy in she kitchen . tom we be just , uh , clean . everybody but Joe grab something and start scrubbing , scraping , move thing around . Alan eat a big squeeze of pancake syrup . Tom smile wholesomely . title over : the FOURTH worm int . a dark place - day a shaft of light . a worm swirl in a tornado . by flashlight , the boy be cramme around a hot -air popcorn popper . Alan look especially evil with the light under he chin . Joe shove somebody 's elbow out of the way . Tom dump the worm out . it 's harden like a pretzel . ext . somebody 's lawn - day suzie and some other girl stand with they bike , watch a duct - tape refrigerator box lie on its side . billy break the seal , step out into the blind light . the other boy follow , like circus clown - in - a- car . see the girl , they try to play it cool . title over : the fifth worm int . a live room - day a electric cord be plugge into a wall socket . we race along a series of extension cord , plugge end - to - end , follow it under table ... around chair ... over sleep dog ... out a window ... outside ... .»+- across a patio ... through the grass ... into a pond ... underwater ... back on the grass ...up a tree ... in through a window ... 50 . int . a treehouse - day ...to a waffle iron . Tom drop a worm on the ridge , squish the iron close . there be fifteen boy crowded in the tiny treehouse , all talk at once . hick open the trapdoor to let in three more . joe hurry it up . I do not get time for this buttsqueeze . the light on the waffle iron blink out . tom we be ready . Tom open the iron to reveal a crinkle - cut worm . all the boy crowd around close to get the best view . billy reach for he Coke , but it roll away from he , finally hit the wall . billy guy . guy ! shut up ! shut up ! everyone shut up . we hear a creaking and a groaning , wood pull apart . ext . the tree - day the treehouse be cant at a angle , all the weight on one side . it 's perilously close to fall . int . the treehouse - day billy nobody move . nobody move . nobody breathes . the creaking stop . a tiny bird flutter in , landing on the windowsill . the treehouse start creaking again . the boy scream ... the trapdoor open . weezer climb in , take a seat . the treehouse lean back to normal . 51 . weezer what do I miss ? do I miss it ? what ? ext . sidewalk - day as the boy head they own direction , Tom call out after Joe . tom hey Joe . what be you gonna do if he make it ? joe I do not bet that he could not eat five worm . I bet that he could not eat fifteen . there 's a ominous quality to the statement that elude no one . int . school lobby / OPEN house - night a swarm of parent crowd the hallway . christine do the meet - and - greet at the door . Mitch carry a sleep Katie . as she husband videotape everything , Mrs. Saint - Claire check the student artwork hang on the wall . she exhales sharply , shocked . mrs . saint-claire this be suzie 's ! buried below eye level . Mr. Saint - Claire grunt that he hear she , busy recording something else . mrs . saint-claire cover I . she move suzie 's into a better location . the bell ring . int . billy classroom - night in the back of the class , Mitch and the other dad sit in they respective son 's desk , knee wedge in tight . miss overholser in we american History unit , we will start by look at the seed of democracy ... while miss overholser have she back turn , coach mcguire 52 . deadarm constable Jackson . Jackson overshoot with a spitball , peg Mitch . coach mcguire ( fake cough ) loser . miss overholser ... and of course , the american Revolution . the coach launch a eraser . Mitch reach he arm out , stretch . knock off the coach 's hat . some of the other parent be watch the horseplay . Mitch tilt back in he chair to dodge a spitball . it hit Mr. Saint - Claire right in the camcorder . miss overholser boy ! Mitch 's chair tip out from under he . he crash back . mitch ow . int . gymnasium - night by the podium , christine finish a conversation with Tom 's grandmother . a crowd of other parent wait to introduce themselves . next be Mrs. Saint -claire . mrs . saint-claire hi , friend ! christine evelyne . Mrs. Saint - Claire hand over a tin of cookie . mrs . saint-claire it 's a modify tollhouse . I use peruvian chocolate with fresh vanilla . I find fresh vanilla make all the difference . christine thank you , that 's so sweet . mrs . saint-claire what you say about let kid be kid , I could not agree with you more . ( more ) 53 . mrs . saint-claire ( cont would ) I be not one of that '' hover mother '' who dictate every aspect of they child 's life . christine I think that 's very important . another mother try to reach in and say hello to christine . Mrs. Saint - Claire turn and snap viciously ... mrs . saint-claire I be talk to she now . if you want to talk to she , you can wait . I wait . the mother back off . mrs . saint-claire ( to christine , eye roll ) some people . int . saint -claire live room - same night watch tv , Alan eat powder Tang by the spoonful . Joe be rip page out of a half - dozen book . suzie stand in the doorway . suzie Mom say you be not suppose to eat in here . alan go eat you butt . exasperate , suzie pull out a Polaroid camera -- flash . Alan be blind . suzie ( be : photo ) I be add this to the collection . she exit . he throw a magazine after she , knock over a lamp . suzie lean back in to document the destruction . flash . joe check this out . he hand Alan page rip from a medical guide , include anatomy transparency . alan nake people . 54 . Joe switch the page . alan ( read ) cronerary ringworm be a result of ingest worm larvy ... ( figure out ) hey Joe . this be from the dog book . Joe take the page back , rip off the header . joe not any more . gimme some tape . int . family room - night tv blaring , billy sit with he head tilt . reverse to see the entertainment center , still slant 32 ° to the right . on screen , the David Lynch epic dune , the part where Kyle mclachlan ride the giant worm . the doorbell ring . int . forrester house front door - night billy flip through a stack of tape - together page . Joe and Alan stand on the doorstep . joe we would not have tell you if it be not gonna , like , kill you . alan it 's fetal . billy why be this all tape together ? joe we want to be really complete . billy why do it say '' canine '' ? Joe look at the word . joe that 's '' kuh-neen . '' means it 's gonna kill you . 55 . alan it 's fetal . billy hand they back the papers , start to shut the door . joe hey ! if worm be safe , how come they do not sell ‘em at the supermarket ? how come dog get sick when they eat ‘em ? in 1l tell you why . because they be poison . billy shut the door . alan they be fetal . inside the house billy lean back against the door . it 's not that he believe they . but what if what they be say be a little true ? int . billy 's room - night it 's very late . a shaft of light from the street fall across billy as he lie awake in bed , hand on he stomach . as he close he eye , a gurlging and rushing begin . something in he gut be move . his eye snap back open . he feel he stomach . what 's go on in there ? int . dark drippy cavern - stop motion animation title over : inside billy stomach a worm with a accordion lean into the microphone . the worm ever-ee-bahdy polka ! as the worm band get into it , we reverse to see the dance floor . worm couple dance and spin like only invertebrate can . one couple spin too fast , cause the gentleman to rip in half . both piece get up and start dance with each other . we swirl around until we get woozy , finally cut to ... int . mitch and christine 's room - night the alarm clock read 3:15 a.m . the door suddenly blast open . 56 . light flare . billy Mom ! dad ! wake up ! wakeupwakeupwakeup ! they be not move fast enough , so he start jumping up and down on the bed . mitch earthquake ! Katie ! he trip as he climb out of bed , fall on the floor . christine billy , what be it ? billy I eat a ... I eat ... he want to tell , but he can not . billy I eat a bug . christine and Mitch sit there , breathless and daze . what ? int . live room - night Mitch and billy flop on the couch while christine talk on the phone in the background . she call out ... christine billy , what time do you eat it ? billy about 3:30 . christine relay the information over the phone . mitch so this be a one - time thing , right ? some kind of dare . billy ( very seriously ) I can not tell you . mitch I know it . secret society stuff . in college once I have to eat three live goldfish . 57 . billy really ? mitch I guess they be goldfish . I dunno . I be blindfolded . billy cool . christine hang up and come over . christine I call Dr. mcgrath in California . she say if you be feel okay now then not to worry about it . billy so I be not gonna die ? mitch told ya . billy be relieved . int . master bedroom - night Mitch and christine climb back into bed . christine I blame you . she switch off the light . int . CLASS - day with a thumbtack , Tom be frantically try to pin something down . it 's a earthworm . he pin it back to the cardboard . he and billy be lab partner for worm -dissection . nearby be suzie and gretchen , Joe and Alan . miss overholser next we be go to bisect the worm along the axis . mistake it for the chalk , she scrape the scalpel across the chalkboard . the class scream . with a sudden chop , Joe hack he worm in half . 58 . joe hey Alan . we get a bisexual worm . billy and Tom look into they open worm , its skin pin back . it 's not a pretty picture . miss overholser you 'il notice the digestive system of the worm be essentially a tube . dirt and food matter enter through one orifice , be process and digested by enzyme , then be expell as waste matter through the other orifice . hick wazzat mean ? weezer it 's crap . joe ( lean over ) hey forrester . hungry ? billy ignore he . nauseous , he pick at something with the blade . billy ( to Tom ) be that dirt ? tom I do not know which end 's which . the other boy huddle close , stare . joe hey forrester . you be what you eat . title over : the sixth worm ext . a big ditch - day hick be propped up over the edge , scan the horizon with he binocular . the large group of kid yet be gather at the bottom of the ravine to watch the worm -eate . billy be pale and sweat . Tom be fan he . Joe smirk to himself . billy I can not do it . 59 . tom what do you mean ? it 's a s’more . it be a s’more . Tom poke the worm back into the melt marshmallow . billy what if it 's , y'know , work on something . Tom turn the s’more 180 degree . tom see , now it 's just the dirt side . joe either way , you gotta eat the whole thing . tom hey Joe . read between the line . he hold up three finger . half - convinced , billy take the s'more . he bite into it . the worm pull out , cake with chocolate and marshmallow goo . he suck it in and swallow . the boy cheer . Joe walk away , kick a rock into low orbit . billy look woozy . int . the oven - night christine scrape at the char interior . Mitch lean in to look . he stare at the cookie he 's eat . mitch huh . the fresh vanilla really do make a difference . christine do not eat that . they be poison . mitch they be great . christine they be make with evil intent . that woman be donna reed with a deathwish . ( beat ) have billy be act weird around you ? mitch weird funny ? weird droopy ? weird eek - a-eek - a-eek ? 60 . he make psycho-stabbing motion . christine I dunno . like something 's up . mitch I 'il have a little talk with he . Father to son , guy to guy . ( be : cookie ) no woman who bake this well can be all evil . christine take he cookie away . eat it . a beat . mitch see ? christine no . I hate she more . int . billy 's room - night billy be sit on he bed , count the worm leave in the styrofoam container . a knock at the door . billy hide he stash behind he . mitch ( lean in ) Sport . be anything up ? be you act weird ? billy no . mitch okay . just check . Mitch walk away . billy hide the container in a igloo cooler under he bed . int . a cozy little house - night a doorbell ring . miss overholser look up from the spelling test she 's grade . it 's much too late for guest . foyer / at the door stepping back from the peephole , she open the door to reveal .. miss overholser Cyrus mckewin . it 's after nine ! 61 . cyrus be a Scottish gentleman of 83 year . he look up to she , tear in he eye . miss overholser oh Cyrus , it 's not you mother ? cyrus she 's dead kate , just this evening . the angel come at four past eight . a respectful beat . then suddenly ... cyrus marry I , kate . elope with I tonight . we will see the sun come up in Paris and set in Rome . miss overholser Cyrus ... tear fill she eye . she flee into the next room , out of sight . Cyrus be heartbroken . cyrus surely there can be no one leave to raise eye at we , to give reason we can not wed . we love bury they all . ( realize ; crestfallen ) unless you do not believe a Catholic and a luteran can have any hope together . miss overholser return . a beat . miss overholser I be get my coat . ext . airport - night a jet take off overhead , leave only the black night sky . crossfade to : int . classroom - day we sweep past the empty blackboard to reveal the fifth -grader , most in they seat , a few pace . Joe bounce a ball against the closet . billy check he watch , then the clock . there 's no substitute . no adult at all . gelman what if she 's dead ? 62. suzie if she 's dead , they would send a substitute . hick what if she 's dead and nobody know she 's dead ? weezer what if she 's fall and can not get up ? suzie she 's probably just sick . tom maybe the substitute get lose . gelman maybe the substitute be dead . weezer gesture , '' good point . '' gretchen we have to tell somebody that there 's no teacher . joe like who ? gretchen like billy 's mom . all eye go to billy . he 's not touch it . we look past billy to Gelman ... gelman what if billy 's mom kill they both ? joe we do not have to tell anybody anything . we be just go to sit here until something happen . he say it with a certainty that shut everyone up . everyone except gretchen . gretchen what do billy think ? joe who care what billy think ? 63. alan yeah . who care . billy I be cool with just hang out , I guess . Joe gesture , '' see ? '' suzie we should vote . we should vote on whether we be go to tell anybody or not . ( off boy 's groan ) it 's the right thing to do . joe all in favor of not voting , raise you hand . all the boy raise they hand . they outnumber the girl . suzie give up , disgust . tom maybe Joe 's right . as long as we do not screw around , nobody 's go to know the teacher 's not here . we just have to play it cool . CUT to : title over black : five minute later a volley of spitballs rain down as weezer and hick wrestle in the aisle , knock over desk as they go . the cowlick kid barely avoid get crush . joe go long ! from across the room , Joe pass the football to Alan , who be not pay any attention . the ball knock down a hang fern , dirt everywhere . the girl wince , stand up on they chair , out of the way . in its cage , the hamster run frantically on he exercise wheel . Gelman open the bottom drawer of the teacher 's desk . it 's like the ark of the covenant . gelman it 's all here . 64 . fourteen hand reach in to pull out 40 year of contraband : dart gun , pocket knife , comic book . Tom tear a piece of paper , hand half to billy . they each bite off strip for spitballs , stock up . with a sumo stomp , weezer brace for hick 's next charge . from behind the desk , a volley of suction dart fly past . suzie stop it . stop it ! for just a moment , quiet . suzie we be in the fifth grade . we should be able to behave like grow up for a few ... a eraser tag she , leave a blotch of chalk . she seethes , but keep she cool . suzie all I be say be that if we just work together , we can ... she 's hit by another eraser . a beat . suzie you be so dead . she pick up both eraser and whip they back . the girl take this as they cue to seek cover . they end up on the far side of the room , away from the door . at the sink weezer cup he hand and turn on the pressure , shoot a spray of water across the room . behind the cabinet Girls scream , cover themselves . some start throw book from the shelf in self - defense . behind the teachers desk billy get hit in the face by a book . weezer one , two , three ! weezer lead a charge . billy do not follow he , he nose now start to bleed . Joe stay behind as well , a content smirk 65 . on he face . pencils and paperclip tumble off the desk . in slow motion , weezer and company set upon the girl , stream of elmer 's glue hang heavy in the air . glitter grenade burst like firework , cover everything with sparkles . the cowlick kid launch a frisbee that ricochet once , twice , before whacking the sprinkler head in the middle of the ceiling . a drip of water . another . and then a flood . a alarm ring as the rain begin . at first , everyone try to get out of the way , but the spray be inescapable . suzie get to she foot , soak . billy stand up from behind the desk . they trade a look of horror and resignation . for a moment , everyone stand where they be in the rain , paralyze by impending doom . we push in on the sprinkler as it slow to a drip . we be now ... int . classroom - later the student stand in formation by the closet , still wet and drip . weezer ( to Gelman ; low ) do I get glitter on my tongue ? we slowly reverse to see that the room be destroy . smear of paint soak into the carpet . wet construction paper dangle from the bulletin board . along with the janitor , christine upend desk , dump out water . she shake out a textbook , but it come apart in she hand . the kid keep they eye low in shame and terror as christine approach . all but billy , who have he head back to keep he nose from bleed . christine take a look . christine go down to the nurse 's office . billy I think it 's almost ... christine now. 66 . there 's a edge to she voice that be best not question . as billy leave , all the kid watch he . watch she . int . nurse 's office - day billy walk in with this head tip back , try to keep from drip . billy hi , be somebiddy here ? I gotta bleddy nose . male voice take a seat . billy 's p.o.v. we tilt down from the ceiling to reveal the seven-fingered School cook . billy I think you be the cook . cook I also teach modern dance on tuesday . sit . billy comply . the cook poke he nose , make sure nothing 's break . he shove cotton plug up each nostril . cook so how many worm have you eat ? ( off reaction ) I see the worm . you be not spilling anything , if that 's what you be worried about . billy ( finally ) six . I have nine leave . cook Fifteen worm . highest I ever hear somebody go be twelve . billy other people have do it ? cook they have try . he hand 67 . billy what happen to ‘em ? cook mostly they figure out how stupid it be to eat worm . billy a ice pack . cook what do you get if you win ? billy nothing . cook no bike ? no cash ? billy shake he head . cook so you be do it for honor . that 's good . only people who ever finish , finish for honor . they have a code . billy what 's a code ? cook a code , it 's like ... well . you know the difference between what 's right and what 's wrong ? billy sometimes . cook see , a code help you figure that out . it 's like a set of rule . when you get confuse , you can just go back to you code . I , I start with twelve thing . most of they probably do not apply to you . billy nod as he think it over . it make a lot of sense . head for the door , he turn ... billy what 's my code ? cook that 's just it . you have to find it for yourself . ( more ) 68 . cook ( cont would ) ( beat ) but I nil get you start . billy take he seat again . int . destroyed classroom - day christine rescue the hamster from a pool of float cedar chip , move it to higher ground . in the background , we see Mrs. Saint - Claire in the doorway , in full panic mode . mrs . saint-claire christine , be you alright ? christine ( wince ) I be fine . everything 's fine . mrs . saint-claire I just now hear about the crisis . riot. uprise . ( gasp ; point to carpet ) be that blood ? christine it 's paint . really , evelyne . everything be under control . mrs . saint-claire I do not want to alarm you on you first day , but I think there 's lead in the water . I do . christine there 's no lead . there 's just a lot of water . she scoops a eraser out of a puddle . Mrs. Saint - Claire smile , pretend to be calmer than she be . mrs . saint-claire I could form a committee . christine not necessary . mrs . saint-claire we could have a bake sale to rebuild the classroom . christine no. 69 . mrs . saint-claire a raffle . christine no ! she do not mean to yell . it slip . mrs . saint-claire I see . I see . I be clearly out of my league . it 's only my kid we be talk about . christine have the opportunity to jump back in . she pass . mrs . saint-claire ( cont ’d ) you be the principal and I be just a mom . I guess friendship be only for sunny day . with that she leave . after a beat , christine stifles a scream , chuck the eraser at the door . she feel guilty , but better . int . foyer - day come in the door , a exhaust christine scoops up a overjoy Katie . she 's startle to see billy wait for she on the staircase . billy I want to make amend . christine make amend ? billy I take a inventory . christine okay . ( confuse ) you dad and I be go to do this later , but we can do it now . Mitch ! he look in from the live room . she wave he in . billy I be sorry about trash the room although I only do a little bit , a tiny bit really . but I be sorry . that 's it . he 's do . he nod . pppphewwww ! right over he head . she look to Mitch . christine on a bigger picture , do you understand that you should have come to get I right at the start ? christine and be you apologize for that , too ? billy why do I hafta apologize for something I do not do ? christine do not do , but should have do . billy I be not the only one who do not do it . we sorta vote . ( to Mitch ) if I have have get she , I woulda be a dork . mitch he 's right . christine sometimes do the right thing mean be a dork . mitch she 's right . billy I guess I be sorry then . I mean , if you want I to be . he climb the stair . Mitch have goosebump . mitch oooh . parent . int . saint -claire kitchen - night close -up : frosting , read '' vote suzie . '' 70 . a pastry tip lay out the last perfect ribbon of of forty flawless cupcake . pull back to reveal this be one 71 . suzie it just do not seem ... I do not know . Fair . mrs . saint -claire sweetheart , if life be fair , none of this would be necessary . people would recognize what a beautiful and talented young woman you be without any bias or false prejudice . but it 's nota perfect world , honey . I try to hide it from you guy , but I think you can see right through I . here come the tear . suzie cringe to have make she mother cry once again . mrs . saint-claire so if sometimes I do too much , just remember that I be do it all for you . if loving my kid be a crime , then lock I up . lock I up . suzie pat she mother 's back as she sob . mrs . saint-claire ( beat ) you do want to be class president again , do not you ? suzie sure . mrs . saint-claire then you have to do whatever it take to win . ext . basketball court - night coach mcguire power past Joe for a lay-up . Joe take the ball back -court . make he charge . his father be all over he , block every move . he finally shoot . the ball reflect off the backboard . coach mcguire you be not fight for it . defend you space . here , cover I tight . Joe cling to he father . a quick pivot and coach mcguire knock he over , ass on the asphalt . the coach make he shot . 72 . joe that 's a penalty . coach mcguire maybe . if there be a referee . ( help he up ) ) sometimes you gotta take the foul . that 's not cheating . it 's part of play aggressively . int . classroom - day still damp , but vastly improve . the kid file in to see christine at the blackboard . they keep quiet , eye low . finally , weezer raise he hand . weezer where 's the substitute ? christine you be look at she . a collective gasp . Gelman moan . billy slink back in he seat , numb with shock . christine we have hear from miss overholser , and she will be back in a week . until then , I will be teach you class in the morning , coach mcguire will teach in the afternoon . any question ? a beat . gretchen raise she hand . gretchen on behalf of the class , I just want to say welcome . the boy groan . later christine walk down the aisle as they work in they workbook . when she lean over to help the cowlick kid , Joe smirk at billy . later at the board , christine ask a question . only one hand go up - - the cowlick kid . she pick weezer instead . he glare at billy . 73 . later christine hold the trash can over to gretchen , who spit out she gum . later coach mcguire be at the board , try to figure out a math problem . suzie and gretchen help he out . later Gelman fall into the aisle , reach for the cupcake suzie be hand out . coach mcguire be tell a story . by its gesture , must be about football . later the end -of - day bell ring . kid rush to stack they chair . the classroom be still damp , but vastly improve . pig - tailed girl coach mcguire ! the nomination ? coach mcguire thank you , missy . pig - tailed girl megan . coach mcguire take a seat everyone ! the kid reluctantly sit back down , foot aim for the door . coach mcguire you be suppose to nominate a candidate for class president . suzie signal the pig-taile girl . pig - tailed girl I nominate suzie Saint -claire . coach mcguire you accept ? suzie yes . coach mcguire any other nomination ? suzie and the pig-taile girl smile at each other . then , at the 74 . last second ... joe billy forrester . all the boy turn . what the hell be Joe do ? coach mcguire billy , do you accept ? billy be catch off-guard . he look around to Tom , weezer and the rest of the boy . they be nodd . the cowlick kid give he the thumb -up . it would inflate anyone 's ego . billy why the hell not . ( off he reaction ) I mean , yes . the boy cheer . pig-taile girl glance over to suzie , panicked . but suzie 's cool as a iceberg . coach mcguire alright , then . election be next week . ext . playground - day the boy rally around billy by the bike rack . the attention be start to get to he -- the smile be get a little smug . Tom hang back a bit , forget . suzie stand near . tom you will never take he . he 's too popular . angle on suzie . she know it 's true . title over : the eighth worm ext . behind a fence - day we look through a knothole . weezer spartacus , rhombus , barnaby Jones . barney be dead , we be eat he bone . a gate open and weezer step through . the gate shut right as Tom get to it . he knock . 75 . hick ( 0.s. ) what 's the password ? tom it 's I . hick ( 0.s . ) I know , but what 's the password ? Tom give he best cop - show kick to the gate . it blow open . ext . somebody 's back yard - day a canvas screen be set up , create a '' back stage '' area . on the other side , a crowd of boy be gather to watch the worm eat . billy sneak up behind tom. shout in he ear . tom ( startle ) you be here . you be late . weezer peek around the side of the screen . weezer billy my man . eat the worm ! they swap high - fives . the boy on the other side start up a cheer : Bill - ee ! Bill -ee ! weezer we on for deathcrusher later ? billy you get it . weezer go back around . tom I think we be on for deathcrusher . billy he 's get deathcrusher 2 . the blood fly at you in 3- D. tom it 's just , I think we be go to hang out . billy we be . later. ( beat ) a lot of people want to be my friend . ( more ) 76 . billy ( cont would ) it 's not fair if I just hang out with you . Tom be hurt and bewilder . tom a week ago everyone think you be a dork . I be the only one who would hang out with you . billy I be the one eat worm , not you . you be just sorta hang on . you be one of that thing that , you know , hang on to other thing . beat . tom not anymore . ( walk away ) they be wrong . you be not a dork . you be a asshole . billy Fine . guess we be not friend anymore . tom fine. billy Fine ! tom fine ! billy walk around the blind , raise a cheer from the gather kid . we watch billy 's silhouette as he eat he worm . another cheer . we see the first chink in Tom 's armor . he wipe away a angry tear before it really form . int . lunchroom - day the boy crowd around billy at the middle of the table , leave Joe and Alan by themselves . thus the cool end be not so cool . tom I get pb and marshmallow . skippy and fluffy together again . no one 's pay attention . they be all wrap up in a story billy 's tell . by the hand motion , it seem to involve a 77 . machine gun . Tom hand the cowlick kid back he sandwich . suzie look at Tom , then at billy . int . hallway - day come out of the lunchroom , billy and he admirer brush past christine . billy do not even look up at she . we stay on christine , nonpluss . further down the hall , billy whisper something to weezer , who snicker . christine hear it . ext . soccer field - day billy be pick he team . we pan along a line of boy , stop on Tom . billy hick . pan over one more to reveal hick , who join the team . joe Jackson . Tom go over to Joe 's team . trade a glare with billy . ext . field - later snap . as quarterback , Joe scan for a open receiver . pass , aim for Tom . billy pluck it out of the air , a interception . Tom try to de - flag he , but billy evade . only Joe stand between he and the end zone . a little shuck . a little jive . billy get around he . touchdown . billy 's team go nut , cheering , high fives all around . Tom watch from the distance . coach mcguire nicely do , Mr. forrester . angle on Joe , betrayed . billy brushes past he , cocky . Joe be seethe . ext . saint -claire back yard - day Mr. Saint - Claire throw pine cone at squirrel , try to videotape they fall . lean off the porch , Alan and Joe flood the dirt with a hose . 78 . alan I dunno . I do not see any worm . joe you gotta look closer . ( beat ) hey , Mr. Saint - Claire ! watch this ! Joe push Alan off the deck , splat into the mud . black & white video in the instant-replay , the boy 's head be chop off by bad frame . normal mr . saint -claire Alan , go change so he can do that again . int . saint -claire hallway - day while Alan change clothes , Joe look into suzie 's room . she 's make election poster on the floor . suzie what do you want ? he shrug , nothing . joe I be just think . suzie I think I smell something . joe we have a common enemy . after a beat , she look up from she marker . int . forrester front door - night billy open the door to reveal suzie . suzie my parent and I be go to a baseball game in the city tomorrow . ( more ) 79 . suzie ( cont would ) Alan be not come , so I be wonder if maybe you have like to come along . unless , like , you and Tom have plan . billy Tom and I be not friend anymore . suzie oh . so do you wanna come ? billy absolutely . suzie perfect . music rise as we kick into a zoomy , upbeat production number ... int . range rover - day billy roll down he window , get he first glimpse of a big East Coast city . a truck belches exhaust into he face . suzie laugh . ext . the big CITY - day the Range Rover cross a gargantuan bridge , head into metropolis . int . art museum - day suzie and she mom tip they head to admire a amazing painting . billy play with a really cool drink fountain . int . sak fifth avenue - day suzie spray billy with a perfume tester . he get she back . it erupt into warfare . int . subway - day the crowd part as billy and suzie find a place to stand . a nearby homeless guy choke on they scent , wave a hand . ext . outside a ballpark - day walk alongside a goofy team mascot , Mr. Saint - Claire try to trip it , get the whole thing on videotape . the giant bird do a '' you wanna piece of I ? '' it shove Mr. Saint - Claire . ext . ballpark - day Mrs. Saint - Claire glare as someone drop peanut on she . billy 80 . and suzie try to start a wave . no one follow along , which be even better . ext . outside womens restroom - day suzie stand in a long line , bounce to hold it in . billy wave she over to the men' side . int . men' room - day billy stand guard outside a stall , try to look casual but tough . ext . the dock - day billy and suzie snap at each other with fish head on they finger . Mrs. Saint - Claire give they each a handi-wipe . ext . seafront carnival - night billy throw a baseball , miss a stack of bottle . suzie throw and nail they . again . again . and again . billy be humiliate but impressed . for she prize , suzie pick a wind - up monkey with cymbal . give it to billy . ext . parking lot - night everyone be exhaust . everyone except suzie . suzie pleeeeease ? can not we stay just a little longer ? mrs . saint-claire it 's already 10 o'clock . suzie ( oddly desperate ) just another half hour . her dad open the car door , motion for she to plant some butt . int . back seat of range rover - night billy be out for the count . he fall over onto suzie 's shoulder . suzie be wide awake , angst-ridd . she check she watch . int . forrester house - late night 81 . billy give christine a kiss as he trudge up the stair . he shed clothes on he ascent . int . billy 's bedroom - night he switch off the light , climb into bed . the clock read 11:48 . a beat . he bolt straight up in bed . billy the worm ! he dig the cooler out from under the bed , open it to find a pool of icy water and no container . the worm be go . ext . tom 's house - night still in he pajamas , billy bang on a window . title over : 11:51 p.m. billy Tom ! tom ( 0.s. ) down here ! billy be bang on the wrong window altogether . tom what 's wrong ? feeling guilty ? billy I forget to eat my worm , and now they be go . I only get eight minute leave ! CUT to : sprinklers rise in the night . billy and Tom scan the lawn with flashlight , soak to the bone . title over : 11:55 p.m. tom get one ! bring the other ! ext . a house - night billy race in through a unlock back door . 82 . int . the house - night in a single shot , we follow billy as he run through the kitchen , the dining room , and the live room . at the foot of the stair , we hear a cat squeal , its tail stomp . billy take the step two at a time . on the second floor , billy check the door . no. no. yes ! a big Star Trek poster . he burst in , flick on the light . billy Gelman ! wake up ! emergency ! he shake he . Gelman scream . he fumble for he glass on the nightstand . they fall under the bed . gelman 's p.o.v. ( way out of focus ) billy it 's billy . follow I ! he run out of the room . Gelman hurry after he , slamming into the door frame . he feel he way along the wall . int . tom 's kitchen - night Tom throw the worm in the microwave , where it stick against the far side . slam the door . cranks it . the worm peel off the back , slowly inflate to 10 time its normal size . ext . another house - night the back door be lock . Racing alongside the house , billy spot a open window . billy give I a boost . the blind Gelman be no help at all , always face the wrong direction . finally billy force Gelman up against the wall and over the windowsill . he crash inside . int . a bedroom - night in gelmanscope , everything be blurry . someone in the room be snoring . gelman weezer , that you ? 83. ext . side of house - night billy hurry ! from the second story , a flashlight shine down . it 's weezer . weezer billy ? int . bedroom - night Gelman find the bed . nudge the sleep figure . gelman weezer . wake up ! you gotta wake up ! he knock over a lamp , finally succeed in turn it on . on the bed , a giant bull mastiff sit up . this be he room . gelman c’mon . move ! gelmanscope a unidentifiable blurry blob sit on the bed . Gelman push it . it do not move . Gelman feel its head . its ear . he lean close . a giant black eye come into focus . the dog bark . Gelman scream . the door fly open . weezer Daisy ! down ! the dog hunch down with a whimper . int . tom 's kitchen - night Tom pull the worm out of the microwave . it 's too hot -- he have to pass it back from hand to hand . tom ow . ow . ow . ow. ext . STREET - night Tom race across the street to a third house . billy , Gelman and weezer be run up from different side . 84 . weezer Doors be lock . window too . billy push the doorbell . weezer you do not just do that . gelman where be we ? billy push the doorbell again and again . weezer we be go to die . title over : 11:58 p.m. while the title 's still on screen , it roll over to 11:59 . we hang for a moment . tom ( to weezer ) Nice pj 's . billy ( to Tom ) sorry I be such a jerk . tom we be cool . they bump fist . the door open . it 's coach mcguire , in boxer and a t-shirt . a bear awaken from hibernation . billy , Tom and weezer charge past he into the house . Gelman be leave alone on the porch . gelman guy ? int . joe 's bedroom - night the door burst open . the boy storm in , flipping on the light . Joe and Alan scurry like roach . weezer barricade the door . billy check the time . 11:59 . he lean into Joe 's face as he eat the microwave worm , swallow just as the clock turn to midnight . somewhere outside , the town clock be chiming , carillon bell ringing . 85 . Joe push billy away . at the door , pounding . coach ( 0.s. ) Joe ! what be go on in there ? all the boy nothing ! coach mcguire force the door open , squeezing weezer against the wall . the boy smile like angel . int . church - day we move among the pews , as the open hymn play on the organ . families turn to see the forrester take they seat . mousy woman break into three house , run up and down the stair like some kind of wild gang . gelman 's mother they be from California . Los Angeles . for all I know , the boy may be a '' crip . '' or a '' blood . '' feathery hat woman and the mother 's the principal , if you can believe that . a woman whisper in Mrs. Saint - Claire 's ear . she look at christine , evil scheme hatching . suzie look over at billy . he stare coldly . int . church lobby - day suzie cut through the crowd , follow billy . Tom and weezer block she way like secret service agent . ext . back yard - day billy take out the trash , sorting the recycle into bin . he feel someone watch he . it 's suzie . she hand he the styrofoam container . suzie I find they in we refrigerator . I do not take they . either Alan or Joe do . 86 . billy finger through the dirt , scoop out a few small worm and Big charley . they be all okay . he put the lid back and on and start walk to the house . suzie billy , I do not mean to screw thing up for you . I do not have a choice . billy sure you do . you could , ( a ) jerk I over , or ( B ) not jerk I over . suzie you do not understand how important this election be . to I . billy or , ( C ) jerk I over then pretend like it 's not really you fault . guess what . it be . he leave and go inside . int . kitchen - day christine hang up the phone . billy come in through the back door . he hold christine billy , what be you do last night ? billy ( innocently ) when ? the container out of sight behind the doorframe . christine say , midnight ? be you run through Gelman 's house and the mcGuire ? Mitch come in from the live room , feel the tension and try to duck back out . but he 's spot . christine wave he over . christine Mrs. Gelman just call . billy and he friend break into three house last night after midnight . billy it be before midnight . christine why be you do this ? billy we be just screwing around . ( pre-emptively ) I be really sorry I do it and I be take responsibility for my action and it will not happen again . christine be unimpress . billy be that it ? christine sure . go to you room . billy but I just apologize . christine that 's not a get-out -of -jail - free card . billy but I get stuff to do with the guy . christine tough . you be ground . billy but there 's something I have to do . mitch you hear you mom . scoot . 87 . disbelieve this horrible injustice , billy walk off , rage building . finally he turn . billy it 's not fair ! you would not be do this if you be anyone else 's mom . you be just cover you butt because you be the principal . mom no billy . at school I be the principal . here I be just you mom . billy I wish you be not my mom . he let it sting for a second , then charge up the stair . 88 . mitch billy , get back here ! a door slam on the second floor . christine keep Mitch from go after he . he calm . mitch he do not mean that . christine yes he do . int . billy 's room - day a knock at the door . billy open it a crack . mitch apologize to you mom . billy no . and by the way , thanks for all you help . mitch you screw up . you ride the bus , you pay the fare . billy I be a political prisoner . mitch action . consequence . think about it . and make up with you mom . billy shut the door . int . master bedroom - day Mitch help christine make the bed . they lay out the comforter . mitch it 's not center . you have more on you side . christine that 's intentional . you steal and horde all the cover on you side . therefore I make the bed with more cover on my side , so that I at least have a fight chance . 89 . mitch that 's clever . christine I be a clever gal . as she tuck the comforter in , he tug it loose . she pull it back , but he yank it again . a tug of war ensue , Mitch finally pull she onto the bed . as they wrestle , he wrap she up in the comforter . then ... christine what be that ? both stop for a second , look up . there be clomping noise on the roof . mitch Squirrels . christine Squirrels ? mitch gather nut for a long , cold winter . christine good idea . clever squirrel . Mitch push she back down on the bed . ext . outside the house - day we rise alongside the house , past the window to the roof , where four boy be hunch around the chimney . hick have he binocular out . Tom have a fishing pole , slowly let out line down the chimney . descending the shaft title over : the thirteenth worm int . live room - day billy look up into the fireplace as a hook lower into view , a bread worm attach as bait . he unhook it . on the mantlepiece , a videocamera be set up . he push record . on videotape Sunday , 4:09 p.m. 90 . billy this tape be to prove that I , billy forrester , be eat my worm , and nobody and nothing be gonna stop I . he downs it . we pull back , revealing a tv screen . we be ... int . joe 's family room - day in the darken room , Joe be watch the worm eat on videotape . he eject the cassette and trashes it , crack the case and pull out the inside . ext . STREET - day a mean dog charge the fence as billy ride past , head for school . the dog yipe as it hit the end of its chain . suzie pedal to catch up with billy , both head to school . suzie ( cheery ) hey billy . all ready for the field trip ? his glare could freeze lava . suzie slow , watch as billy ride away . ext . school parking lot - day as the buss pull up , a campaign of glance and whisper . suzie look around self - consciously . everyone be talk about she . gretchen catch she eye , but quickly look away . Tom wave billy over . with he finger to he lip , he pull a next -generation gameboy from he shirt . billy what be that ? tom it 's the ultraboy . my uncle get it in Japan . it will not be here for six month . billy hit a button and it beeps loudly . Tom tuck it away before anyone see . billy if my mom see it , she will take it . gl . tom duh . at the buss christine ( to the class ) there be two buss . whichever one you take be the one you come back in , understand ? now I 'il be in this bus , and Mrs. johannsen will be in the other . there 's a stampede head for Mrs. johannsen 's bus . only the cowlick kid willingly get onto christine 's bus . int . mrs . johannsen 's bus / drive - day the boy crowd around Gelman as he play the ultraboy . weezer ( take it ) do not bogart the byte . gelman how do I get past the second gate ? tom I dunno . the instruction be in japanese . billy look up from the huddle to see suzie look over at he . he turn away . ext . forest clearing - day christine sneeze into a kleenex , which blow apart with the impact . eye water , nose drip -- she have hayfever of epic proportion . ranger tokamatsu gather the group near a babbling stream . ranger tokamatsu rockwell National Forest be home to over 3,000 different species , everything from fish to insect , mammal to bird . joe you get worm ? 92 . some tittering in the class . ranger tokamatsu we have get at least five different species of annelid here . now the thing to keep in mind about a ecosystem like this ... as he keep talk , we push to the back of the group , where billy , Tom and Gelman serve as a shield around hick as he play the ultraboy . weezer be help ... weezer shoot the frog ! shoot the frog ! christine look over . weezer 's on the hot seat . weezer I see a frog . over there . shoot ! it 's go . ext . further on the hike - day out of kleenex , christine grab a leaf to blow she nose . Ranger Tokamatsu offer she a bunch of blue flower . ranger tokamatsu haricot narcissum . it 's a natual remedy for allergy . that 's why you do not see bee with sniffles . she take the flower . the ranger kneel down to pick some more . ranger tokamatsu when the first settler come through she , they call it sneeze - wort . the Indians have a different name for it in each season . half -convince and desperate , christine eat a bloom . as she chew , we see it 's incredibly bitter . she force herself to swallow . ranger tokamatsu ( get up ) now crush the petal and rub they under you nose . a beat . christine smile . ext . trail - day 93. as billy be tie he boot , the class get ahead of he . a shadow fall across he -- Joe . it 's just they . joe even if you do win , you will still bea loser . you will just be King loser . billy look he dead in the eye . joe ( hand to ear ) I think I hear you mommy call . '' billy ! billy , do not get so far behind . '' billy try to go around he , but Joe grab he hat . joe c'mon , grab it . doncha want it ? doncha ? billy make no effort to grab it . frustrate , Joe toss it down the hill to the riverbank . billy y'know what , Joe ? I use to be jealous of you , but I be not anymore . I mean , you be bigger , and faster , and probably smarter . but I be just better . billy start down the hill to retrieve he hat . ext . back with the CLASS - day Joe catch up with the line . suzie watch he suspiciously . suzie where 's billy ? joe fishing . suzie stop , let the line pass she . she turn and head back down the path . up ahead the young hiker pass a '' trail close '' barrier , which block a old path . Joe slow , stop . think . he grab Alan by the belt , hold he back until the rest of the kid be far ahead . Joe grab one end of the barrier , nod to Alan . confused , Alan 94 . nod back . joe take the other side ! Alan comply . together , they drag the barrier across the real path . ext . the river - day out on a log , billy retrieve he hat . a few minnow spill out of it . as he cross back to the riverbank , he see suzie wait . billy what do you want ? suzie to apologize , if you 'il let I . billy free country . do whatever you want . he brushes past she , head back up to the trail . suzie I say I do not have a choice , and that 's not true . I do . it 's just , have not you ever want something so bad you have do anything to get it , even if it be something stupid ? he think . billy no . suzie yes you have ! billy have not . suzie you jerk . when somebody apologize you have to take it . billy Fine , I take it . a beat . 95 . suzie if you do not mean it , it do not count . billy shrug , whatever . ext . somewhere else on trail - later at a pace just short of jogging , billy and suzie try to catch up with the group . but the class be nowhere to be see . billy stop follow I ! suzie I be not . I be follow the path . she hurry ahead of billy . Fine with he . after a beat ... suzie should not we be see they ? billy they be probably over the hill . besides , they can not leave without we . ext . parking lot - day kid pile onto the two buss . weezer , hick , Tom and Gelman continue to wrestle over the ultraboy , try to keep it hide from christine . int . the first bus - day by far the rowdier bus . Mrs. johannsen be work she way down a clipboard of name . mrs . johannsen everybody quiet down please . please ! if anything , they get louder . Alan and Joe be sit in the back . mrs . johannsen gretchen demarco ? gretchen here ! 96 . mrs . johannsen billy forrester ? joe yo ! she check billy 's name off she list , read the next . nobody notice the voice be wrong . but now the moment of truth ... mrs . johannsen suzie saint-claire . alan ( as suzie ) here . his voice be eerily perfect . no one bat a eye . Joe smirk victoriously . int . the second bus - day Mrs. johanssen hand off she clipboard to christine . mrs . johannsen I get all mine , present and account for . blow she nose , christine check the clipboard . she count head last time . it all match up . she try to look into the second bus , where the kid be swarm all over . christine okay , let 's go . ext . parking lot - day the two buss leave rockwell National Forest . ext . forest - day billy and suzie be still run . suzie where 's the trail ? billy it 's here . right here , see ? well , no , she do not . but she follow he anyway . 97 . later , elsewhere it 's now clear there really be no trail . suzie ( suddenly ) wait . wait ! I have a compass . it 's in my survival kit . she dig it out of she backpack , orient herself . suzie ( point ) North be that way . billy which way do we want to be ? a beat . suzie I do not know . it 's only now they realize just how lose they be , alone ina dark forest of tower tree . ext . school parking lot - day overhead , thunder rumble . the first big splot of rain fall . Mitch wait under a umbrella with Katie as kide empty out of the first bus . he spot Tom , wave . tom they be on the other bus . christine get off the second bus . the cowlick kid poke she in the leg . cowlicked kid bye . christine ( smile ) bye . do not forget to check for tick . the cowlick kid dash away , dorky with love . mitch you be cheating on I , be not you ? christine he 's too much man for I . where 's billy ? 98 . mitch I think he be on you bus . int . range rover - day Alan get in , chew on the cord of he hood sweatshirt . mrs . saint-claire where 's you sister ? alan I dunno . ext . bike rack - day christine walk up behind Tom and the gang , who do not have time to hide the ultraboy . christine be billy on you bus ? tom I do not think so . the other boy shake they head . ext . by the bus - day Mrs. johannsen look through the clipboard one more time . Mitch take it away from she . mitch be he on the bus or not ? mrs . johannsen I do not know . I do not know what he look like . Mrs. Saint - Claire come up from behind . mrs . saint-claire where be suzie ? suzie saint-claire . christine return from the bike rack . christine ( to Mitch ) he be not on the bus . 99 . mrs . saint-claire where be my daughter ! a crack of thunder carry we back to ... ext . the forest - day a treeful of crow fly off . it 's just start to drizzle . suzie blow a shrill plastic whistle . count to five , she blow again . billy would you stop that ! suzie it 's so the rescue team can find we . she blows again . billy what we oughta do be build trap to catch rabbit . suzie why ? billy duh . for food . suzie I have a power bar . I '11 split it with you . she dig it out of the pack . billy take the whole kit from she and start root through it . it 's very complete : bandaid , fishing line , a lightstick -- everything but ... billy you do not have any match . suzie Alan have a way of find match . billy what kind of crappy survival kit do not have match ? suzie ( take it back ) my survival kit . 100 . ext . forest - night it 's now raining steadily . kneel in the rain , billy have build a perfect campfire , minus the flame . he strike rock together , over and over . not even a spark . sitting in the root hollow of a giant tree , suzie neatly unfold she foil emergency blanket . still strike he rock , billy watch , wet and annoyed . suzie tuck the blanket in around she , snug as a bug in a rug . she crack the lightstick and shake it . it glowly warmly . billy finally abandon he fire . swallow he pride , he walk over to suzie . billy I be sorry I make fun of you survival kit . suzie do you accept my apology ? billy yes . and I be not just say it . suzie then I accept yours . she scoot over to make room for he under the blanket . once he 's settle , she hand he the plastic whistle . he wipe it off and blow . ext . rockwell forest parking lot - night now crowded with sherriff 's vehicle , a second news van just pull in . jumping from a pickup truck , search dog howl and sniff . High - power flashlight catch the rain . men and women in ponchos gather around a canopy set up as home base . constable jackson we be go to divide into team of three and fan out . now , each team will have a radio and a gps , so we will know what you cover . christine whack she flashlight to get it work . Mitch trade 101 . she he . by a news van Mrs. Saint - Claire be drag she husband by the arm as he attempt to get a videotape out of he camera . she snap for he to give she the tape . mrs . saint-claire Excuse I . you ! reporter . int . jackson house - night Tom sit right in front of the tv . tom it 's on ! on the couch , Katie slouches on Tom 's grandmother as they watch the news . reporter .-- where almost fifty searcher have gather to look for two child who become separate from a school field trip . on screen video of billy and suzie at the ballpark . Katie rush to the screen , put she hand on she brother 's face . int . weezer 's house - night he 's watch too . weezer c'mon man . int . another house - night in he pj 's , the cowlick kid peer through the staircase to the tv in the live room . int . joe 's house - night Alan look over to Joe , who be read Sports illustrate . 102 . ext . deep in the forest - night coach mcguire lead a team to the leave . we can hear a helicopter in the distance . coach mcguire billy ! suzie ! elsewhere Mitch lead a team to the right . the helicopter be get closer . mitch billy ! suzie ! elsewhere christine wait impatiently while Ranger Tokamatsu radio in they position . the helicopter fly overhead , its searchlight blind . ext . forest / tree trunk niche - night quiet here . suzie look into billy 's worm container . billy that 's Big charley . he 's for last . suzie what 's this one 's name ? billy I dunno. number 14 . he 's the one I be suppose to eat today . she offer it to he , go ahead . billy Joe have to see I eat it . that 's the rule . suzie why do boy always make so many rule for thing ? billy if you do not have rule , how do you know who win ? he put the container back in he bag . 103 . suzie if it mean anything , I always know you would finish the bet , no matter who try to stop you . even I . a beat . billy you be not go to like kiss I or something . suzie no . billy good . that would be gross . very faintly first , but there -- that SOUND . billy it 's a helicopter ! suzie how do you know ? billy I be from Los Angeles . that 's a helicopter . he grab the shiny blanket and start wave it around wildly , try to catch the helicopter 's attention . suzie join he , wave she arm and shout in the rain . finally the searchlight hit they , and hold . they do a happy and idiotic dance . ext . parking lot - night Mitch and christine be pace when billy come out of the shadow ahead of he rescue party . Mitch drop he coffee to run and grab he , carry he upside down . christine ( upside down ) be you alright ? billy nod . a little later the sheriff be collect radio , strike base . Mitch be 104 . shaking each and every person 's hand . with a blanket and cup of cocoa , billy sit with he mom . at the far side of the parking lot , the Saint -claire 's be be interview by a tv station . billy Mom , what time be it ? christine eleven fifty - five . she get up to thank Ranger Tokamatsu , who be leave . billy stand , take he backpack . he start walk towards the news van ... title over black : the fourteenth worm we return to billy , still walk this way . in the foreground ... mrs . saint-claire I hold out hope , because all you can do be hope . you hope and you pray . billy ( interrupt ) be you on live ? the reporter ignore he . the cameraman motion for he to get out of the shot . suzie this be billy . he be with I . suddenly he 's worth talk to . Mrs. Saint - Claire be appal . reporter you be billy forrester . billy yes I be . and I be eat a worm . the fourteenth worm squiggle in he finger , raw and dirty and very much alive . he eat it whole , chew four time and swallow . he open he mouth wide so the tv audience can see he do it . int . tom 's house - night Tom cheer . 105 . int . weezer 's house - night weezer clap , big blubbery tear come . int . cowlicked kid 's house - night cowlicked kid yes ! int . joe 's house - night Joe turn the tv off . int . car / parking lot - night Mitch talk to billy over the seat . mitch so you make a bet to eat worm ? billy Fifteen worm in fifteen day . and you would not believe all the crap Joe pull . I show ‘em no one and nothing be gonna stop I . Mitch be not as proud as billy hope . billy I mean , it all work out great in the end . through the window , we see Mrs. Saint - Claire yell at christine . we can not hear what 's be shout , but it 's not hard to imagine . christine be walk to the car , not fight back . that just make Mrs. Saint - Claire angrier . as christine open the door ... mrs . saint-claire ( shouting ) after tomorrow , you will not have a job ! christine shut the door , pretend that do not happen . billy look at Mitch look at christine . christine ( mock chipper ) let 's go home . 106 . int . hallway / billy 's room - night in he pajamas , billy lean out the doorway . his parent 's door be open a crack . he can hear they talking inside . int . master bedroom - night billy 's parent be get ready for bed . mitch you do not honestly think she can get you fire ? christine okay . first you have the Boston tea Party happen in billy 's class . then I lose two kid on a field trip -- two kid , include my own son . then to top it off , my kid eat a live worm on television . I do not come across look especially responsible . she shut the hallway door . int . hallway - night after a beat , billy shut he door . int . billy 's room - night billy sleep fitfully , toss and turn . we hear a helicopter whooshing past outside . Radio chatter . the ground rumble . awaken , billy climb out of bed , look out the window -- ext . front of the house - night jeeps and Humvees line the street . soldier scatter . a tank smashes through the neighbor 's picket fence . searchlight criss -cross the night sky . in he pajamas , billy walk amid the troops as marine string coil of barb wire across the street . a patton-like General bark order into a walkie-talkie . billy what 's go on ? general we have get a level three annelid intruder . look like a big one . 107 . a blip move closer on a radar screen . a squint - eye scientist study the printout . scientist it 's female , no question . it do not make sense . the only reason she would rise be it someone consume one of she young . general dear God . what kind of fool would eat a worm ? joe ( 0.s. ) he do it ! spin to see Joe and Alan , both in camouflage . joe we tell he not to . alan he would not believe we . a explosion in the distance . the pavement buckle as giant plow a tunnel up from under the street . scientist it 's center on the boy . general for the love of God , run ! billy turn and flee -- over fence -- through dark back alley -- across the playground -- int . school hallway - night something empty and echoey . panicked , billy try classroom door . lock . lock . lock . we hear a monstrous bellow as the beast slither down the adjoin hallway . we see its reflection in the trophy case . 108 . finally , a unlock door . int . classroom - night billy slam the door shut , trip over the desk in the near - darkness . he climb up on the counter by the outside window . through the narrow window in the door , we see a glisten brown form slide past , segment after segment , seemingly endless . it must fill the entire hall . finally it pass . int . hallway - night billy poke he head out . at the end of the hall , he see christine banging on door , panicked , look for he . christine billy ? she check in a window . behind she rise a_six - foot circular mouth , jag tooth glint . the worm have return . billy mom ! no ! but it 's too late . we stay on billy as he watch he mom get swallow . int . billy 's room - night billy sit bolt upright in bed , shaking . catch he breath . int . bathroom - night billy sit down on the floor , jiggling the handle on the toilet . Katie look in from the hallway , drag Mr. bobo . billy go away Katie . amscray . she come in , still stare at he . billy you do not know it yet , but I have screw up everything . without even try . Katie hand he the sock monkey and hug he . she walk back out , leave billy alone in he quandary . 109 . int . kitchen - day rinsing he bowl in the sink , billy watch he mom leave for work . int . billy 's room - day wearing one shoe , search for the other . lying on the floor , he look under the bed . he find the shoe , and also the toy monkey suzie win for he . he wind it up , watch it smash its cymbal . int . bike rack - day walk down the row , the boy silently clap for he . the cowlick kid practice take he bike in and out of its soon - to - be home . as Joe arrive , the kid move he bike . but he 's not hurry . int . classroom - day the girl crowd around the once miss overholser , newly return . they all admire she gorgeous ring . int . lunchroom - day Tom wave billy over to sit with he . on she side of the table , suzie be tell the girl about she night , complete with thunder and raining finger . she catch billy 's eye . int . 7 - eleven - day weezer inhale a electric blue slurpee . he suddenly stop slurping , he forehead quivering . nose crinkling . he cry out at the onset of a catastrophic brain freeze . tom ( ignore weezer ) you know they be have some big parent meeting tonight . billy yeah . tom it 's perfect . while they be at that , we be gonna meet at 7:30 on the playground for the last worm . pay for he candybar , billy nod half - heartedly . make a amazing find among the magazine ... gelman spider Marine versus swamp rat. Limited edition . billy that 's forty buck . gelman I have the money . least , I 'il have it tomorrow . 110 . Gelman he look to Tom , who shoot he a deadly look . billy look to Tom . tom okay . we do not want to tell you because we think it might jinx you . sorta like how you make the bet with Joe , some of we make little side bet of we own . billy you bet on I ? tom mostly . some people bet against you . billy be reeling . gelman if you finish , Joe owe I thirty and hick owe I twenty . billy look to hick , farther back at the newstand . hide . billy ( to Tom ) how much do you bet ? tom altogether ? ninety for , twenty against . ( off reaction ) I be just cover the spread . he try to 111 . weezer 's brain thaws , pop back to consciousness . he begin slurping again . int . kitchen - night Katie be stand by the cabinet , cry for no particular reason . billy dad , do you think if ... Katie suddenly start wailing as only two year - old can . Mitch pick she up , but it do not help . he call upstairs ... mitch honey , we gotta go now or we be go to be late . he walk off with Katie , try to calm she . billy be leave alone in he quandary . int . gymnasium - night at the podium , a squeak . mrs . saint-claire if we could get start . everyone please take a seat . a crowd of parent mill about , slowly come to they chair . Mitch and christine be there , along with Katie . overwhelmingly frustrated , christine start to get up to go for the podium , but Mitch hold she back . Mrs. Saint - Claire be at a table with six school board member . she rely on she note-card . mrs . saint -claire Parents , friend , distinguished member of the school board , I want to thank you all for come here tonight . I be sure most of you be probably aware of the difficulty this school have be have over the past two week , and be probably concerned . Lord know I be . but I remind you , we be not here to point finger or to find fault . instead of be negative , we need to be positive . and I be sure once we be positive , we will know what have to be do . 112 . int . foyer - night billy zip up he jacket . the clock read 7:20 . int . cowlicked kid 's house - night while he sister make out with some guy on the couch , the kid sneak out . int . saint -claire house - night Alan and suzie leave at the same time , but certainly not together . ext . playground - night a autumn wind sweep through a lone elm , sway against the night sky . swing dangle like pendulum . softly at first , we hear drum . face emerge from the darkness at the edge of the playground : suzie and Alan . gretchen . the cowlick kid , walk he bike . they be all gather . as the drum grow louder , we see the source . hick and weezer be bang on the playground slide , work up a good beat . Gelman slowly turn the merry - go-round . billy sit at the dead center , blindfolded . as the kid gather , we see the whole class have come to bear witness . Tom hold the worm container . Joe stand alone . at Tom 's signal , Gelman stop . billy remove he blindfold . get up , woozy . he start walk toward the group . as the slide -drumming become thunderous , we enter slow motion ... Tom dig Big charley out of the dirt . billy walk . Gelman lead a silent cheer of '' bil -ee ! bil - ee ! " the cowlick kid smile in anticipation . billy ( v.o. ) in this strange and forbid world , one creature walk alone . suzie watch he , she expression harder to read . billy walk . billy ( v.o . ) he follow a compass only he can see , to a place he do not know . 113 . Mitch be walk right behind he , talk into he ear . mitch action . consequence . think about it . billy blink and Mitch vanish . still walk , he look across the crowd of cheering kid . christine be among they . christine sometimes do the right thing mean be a dork . he focuss only on Tom , hold the worm , a few step away . but then Tom change into the cook . billy ( v.o. ) what do you do when there 's two right thing to do ? cook that 's the hardest part . decide what 's more important . billy take the worm from he . all sound go away . we just hear billy 's breath , he heartbeat . he hold the wriggle worm in he hand , look across a sea of freeze face . time have stop . another voice hey . hey ! kid ! billy look down at he hand . Big charley be stand up , talk to he . big charley be you gonna eat I or what ? I be wait fifteen day , and lemme tell ya , that 's a long time for a worm . look at I . what have 's I gotta live for ? nothin ! I live in dirt ! but this . this be my one chance at history , baby . I get a name ! I and jimminy cricket . only bug with name . ( lean closer ) kid , we get a common destiny . I be pleadin’ with ya . eat I ! billy I can not . like that , the spell be break . we be out of billyvision . 114 . tom what do you mean you can not ? billy I can not until I know my mom be okay . this be my fault and I have to fix it . he pocket the worm . gelman why ? billy because I have a code . he start toward the school , alone . the cowlick kid be shocked and crush . gelman what the hell be a code ? only suzie understand . int . gymnasium - night pull out a file , Mrs. Saint - Claire continue she prosecution . mrs . saint-claire so far I have focuss on professional issue : she lackluster discipline , poor communication skill , gross irresponsiblity ... one of the board member , a nebbishy guy , be shaking he pen to get it to write . Mrs. Saint - Claire hand he hers . mrs . saint-claire ( lean close ) poor communication , gross irresponsiblity . he write that down . she smile . christine roll she eye . mrs . saint -claire but to really understand the problem , we need to look at the issue of personal character . what kind of person be christine forrester ? what kind of mother be she ? christine can not take any more . she stand . 115 . christine stop . mrs . saint-claire what kind of mother allow she son to eat worm ? christine you can question my credential as teacher or a principal , but do not you ever question my ability to be a mother . Mrs. Saint - Claire smile to herself . there 's a dead space , a silence fill with squeaking chair and nervous rustling . a echo as the gymnasium door open . it 's billy . he 's spook by how many people there be , but start to cross to the podium . mrs . saint-claire the prodigal son return . christine billy , what be you do here ? billy do not worry . I get it all figure out . Mitch cover he eye . at the podium , he motion for Mrs. saint- Claire to step aside . with a '' would - you-look - at - this , '' she do . billy my name be billy forrester and I gotta explain . this whole thing start fifteen day ago because I do not want everyone to think I be a dork , when really I be a dork for caring what everyone think . anyway , I make this bet to eat fifteen worm in fifteen day . she do not know anything about it . and if you think you know everything you kid do , then you be just stupid . not exactly win over the crowd . billy I guess my point ... all head turn as the door open again . it 's suzie . Mrs. saint- Claire be alarmed . behind suzie , it 's Tom . class come in . Parents start buz . he pull wriggle angle on christine . billy I guess my point be this be a kid thing and you be try to treat it like it 's a grow up thing and it 's not . I mean , we be the one who screw up the classroom , and suzie and I be the one who get lose . so if you be gonna blame somebody , you gotta blame we . blame I . my mom teach I to take responsibility for my action , and that 's what I be gonna do . Big charley out of he pocket , set it down . around on the table . billy this be the fifteenth worm . and as much junk as I go through to eat the first fourteen , I would give it all up for she . she 's my mom , and I love she . but she 's also a damn good principal , and you would be stupid to get rid of she just because she kid eat worm . tom damn right . weezer woo-hoo ! billy oh . that 's it . little proud . she wave billy over . mrs . saint-claire well . christine ( low ) billy , I really appreciate what you be try to do . but you do not have to give up the bet for I . billy I want to . 116 . and weezer , hick , Gelman -- the whole the worm as bad as this be , she can not help but be a angle on Mrs. Saint - Claire , bask in the glory of she victory . she 's about to speak when coach mcguire stand up . 117 . coach mcguire I would just like to say , I love my kid . and one day , I hope he learn what billy forrester do , because let I tell you . as a parent , I could never be prouder . constable jackson you say it . woman in the audience half the time , I do not know what my kid be up to . you just hope they have a sense of what 's right and what 's wrong . man in audience ( point to christine ) if you could help I teach my kid that , I would double you salary . tom 's grandmother all in favor of see this kid eat he worm ? hand go up in the audience , a few at first , then more . and more . it 's almost unanimous . the kid cheer . Joe slink back against the wall . Mrs. Saint - Claire stare in disbelief . weezer start a low cheer : '' Bill -ee . Bill -ee . '' billy ( to he parent ) can I ? Mitch and christine nod . billy walk back to the front . he take Big charley , toss it up in the air . catch it in he mouth , swallow he whole . the kid cheer wildly , swarm the podium . weezer be in tear . hick pat he on the back . gelman I wish I have a code . councilmember meeting adjourned . he bang the gavel . gretchen hug christine from behind . the cowlick kid brushes past Joe . they lock stare . 118 . cowlicked kid see you at the bike rack . the crowd part to reveal suzie . billy offer she a hand . billy thanks , man . she take he hand , then jerk he in for a big kiss right on the lip . the boy be shocked . suzie Way to go , billy forrester . billy stare straight ahead , dumbfounded and horrify . Mitch nudge christine -- that 's my kid . int . classroom - day the once miss overholser unfold the last ballot . on the chalkboard , she circle suzie 's name . the class cheer . billy and suzie share a smile . ext . front of house - day Katie run across the lawn , crash into another toddler . Mitch chase after they . there be four other youngster play on the lawn . move past Mitch to reveal a sign : '' forrester Day Care Center . '' int . christine 's office - day kick back with some snapple , christine and mother Jackson laugh they head off . mother Jackson fan herself . then they both start laugh harder . int . cafeteria - day in the lunch line , billy take he taco . billy we still on for nintendo ? the cook you get it . at the lunch table billy sit in he new seat , surveying he kingdom . Joe and Alan be banish to the center , where Alan be down sugar packet . 119 . the cowlick kid walk up . cowlicked kid move it or lose it . Joe slide down to make room . weezer pull the top on he Coke can , but the tab rip off . gretchen take the can from he and bite into it with she brace . weezer be impressed . weezer wanna see what I can do with that jello ? all be well in the fifth grade . Tom lean close . tom we gotta start think about the future . what else would you be willing to eat ? fade out . after MAIN credit int . tv studio - day [ video ] theme music play . bob saget be wear a tuxedo . bob saget and now to announce we grand prize winner ! drum roll , please . a snare drum roll down the step . the audience laugh robotically . bob saget I know that would happen . CUT to : int . saint -claire house - day [ video ] with no makeup and hair in curler , Mrs. Saint - Claire gather dirty laundry while talk on the cordless phone . set the basket at the top of the stair , tuck a kleenex in she sleeve . 120 . mrs . saint-claire if that [ beep !] think she can take over the school , she do not know who she 's deal with . ( yell ) Alan , what do you get on this shirt ! Alan run past , hair in soapy spike . make dinosaur noise . mrs . saint-claire ( to camera ) Henry , put that [ beep ! ] - ing thing down . ( to phone ) so help I I 'il break she leg . she head for the stair , trip over the laundry basket . reaches for the railing . miss . she crash down the stair , bounce fifteen time , come to rest on the landing . look up , she 's smacked by the laundry basket . roll the rest of the way down the stair . int . tv studio - day [ video ] the audience laugh . a fat woman go into hysterics . Bob saget kneel down next to Mr. Saint - Claire with a check . bob saget I hope this make for a merry Christmas . you have already have a great fall ! the audience roar . we pan over to Mrs. Saint - Claire in a full - body cast . she bare she tooth . but she 's not really smile . fade out .