how to train you dragon : the hidden world written by Dean deblois inspire by the novel by cressida cowell final draft December 5 , 2018 '' dreamwork animation 1000 flower St. Glendale , CA 91201 ( 818 ) 695-5000 httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 1 . fade in : ext . OPEN sea - barge - night sq.101 - rescue mission a creak ship in heavy fog . a deck cramme with large cage . silhouettes of muzzle dragon stir within they . a trapper ( ivar the witless ) walk the deck . a captive dragon whine through its muzzle . ivar hit the cage with he spear , shutting it up . ivar the witless quiet ! a '' click '' at the end of the corridor stir ivar 's attention . a sword ignites , revealing a arrest figure in black , glisten dragon armor . a helmet and visor hide he face . ivar the witless ( cont ’d ) what be you ? the dragon warrior ( hiccup ) raise a finger to he visor . hiccup shhh . behind ivar , toothless creep down from the top of a cage , with glow blue nostril and dorsal plate , snarling . panicked , ivar rush toward hiccup , try to get past he . ivar jab he spear . hiccup hook it in he flame sword and deftly disarm he , send the spear clatter to the deck . ivar grab a hang lantern and hurl it at hiccup . it bounce off of he armor and hit the deck , its oil burst into flame . undaunted , hiccup step through it , fire lick off of he fireproof suit . ivar the witless aaaagh ! you be a demon ! hiccup shhh ! no , no , I be not a demon , I be not a demon . he raise he visor . hiccup ( cont 'd ) see ? just a guy ! just a guy here to rescue this dragon . so -- httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 2 . ivar the witless -- but you walked through FIRE ! hiccup Dragon scale ! dragon shed a lot . ivar the witless no , I know a demon when I see one ! no human leg be that skinny ! snotlout ( 0.s. ) think that 's a good entrance ? a explosion of flame hit the deck as a hideous zippleback ( hookfang ) land , engulf in fire . at it center , snotlout stand in he saddle , dress in ridiculous nightmare - theme dragon armor , he arm raise in victory . snotlout ( cont ’d ) get a load of I ! ( then , notice he suit have catch fire ) ahh ! aggh ! ivar the witless I know it ! more demon ! snotlout rush past , scream , with he rear aflame . hiccup ( exasperate ) no , really just a nitwit who forget to fireproof he butt . snotlout agghh ! hot-hot-hot ! snotlout dive to the deck , roll to extinguish he smolder posterior , right into a seeping cloud of green gas , spread between the cage like dry ice . snotlout ( cont ’d ) ( realize ) guy , no ! not yet ! click . the gas erupt into a fire ball ! the dissipate smoke reveal ruffnut and tuffnut , strike dramatic pose akin to stage magician , sloppily dress in Zippleback - theme armor . barf & belch , they twin-headed hideous zippleback , emerge behind they . tuffnut behold you worst nightmare . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 3 . ruffnut behold -- tuffnut -- along with he sister , who insisted on come . ruffnut that 's my intro ? hiccup guy , too soon ! you always come in too soo --. fishleg -- agghh ! fishleg crash down between they with flare , scarab-like wing . he roll across the deck in heavy gronckle - theme dragon armor . fishleg ( cont 'd ) sorry ! still get the hang of my wing ! he rock on he back like a helpless sea turtle . a baby gronckle ( fishmeat ) pop its head up from fishlegs 's belly pouch , gurgling happily . hiccup fishlegs ? again with the baby ? this be a raid . fishleg I could not find a sitter ! ivar seize he moment and scramble for the alarm bell . trapper demon everywhere !! it 's the end of the worl -- --clang ! astrid lay he out with a fly side - kick , landing in nadder - theme dragon armor . stormfly , she deadly nadder , land protectively by she side . hiccup round the corner . hiccup astrid . I have he right where I want he . she flip up she visor , flash a cheeky grin . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 4 . astrid and now he 's right where I want he . let 's get to work . they spread out toward the dragon - fill cage . hiccup ( hushed ) okay , we screw that up . but at least nobody else know we be here . a aerial view of the deck show tens of trappers stealthily close in . the rescue team set about open cage and approach the spook dragon within . hiccup remove the muzzle from a nervous dragon . he calm it , offer he open hand . hiccup ( cont 'd ) easy , girl . it 's okay . we be gonna get you out of here . fishlegs approach a massive , antler dragon in a cage and squeal with glee . fishleg a crimson goregutter ?! fishmeat and the goregutter eye each other curiously . the baby gurgle excitedly , cause the giant dragon to crack a hint of a smile . ruffnut rush up to a cage , contain a tiny , round beach ball of a dragon ( a hobgobbler ) . it watch she , nonpluss . ruffnut hah ! look at this weirdo . Bet it 's super dumb . she tug at the latch like a idiot , then slap the bar . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) ugh ! why can not I get this cage open ?! astrid rush by , lift the pin . the cage door swing open . astrid it slide . ruffnut psh. obviously . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 5 . suddenly , trappers rush toward the rescuer , close in on all side . trapper # 1 attack ! hiccup get the rescue out of here ! trapper # 2 get that night fury ! the trapper attack . hiccup swipe he flame blade , parry a blow . toothless bound over hiccup and take on several trapper at once , deflect blow with he wing and swiping they off of they foot with he tail . ruffnut and tuffnut disarm a trapper in a bumbling one - two and send he crash into the bar of a cage . tuffnut no run on the deck ! it 's slippery . you could fall . snotlout charge past they , swinging he mace wildly . snotlout step aside ! let I handle the tough guy stuff ! his helmet get spin on he head , mask he sight as two trapper close in , about to strike he down ... «+. as hookfang crane over and blast fire at they , send they flee , cover in flame . snotlout turn he helmet around to see they flee . snotlout ( cont ’d ) yeah ! that 's two for I ! a pair of trapper rush toward fishlegs just as he duck to pick up fishmeat . one trapper swing right over he head , clocking the other trapper square in the jaw . trapper sorry ! before he can react , the crimson goregutter 's tail sweep through , send he fly . back to hiccup , as he 's rush by several trapper in succession . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 6 . he use a cage door to deflect a blow , then yank it back to disarm he attacker . toothless use he tail to send the trapper into the cage door , knock he out cold . hiccup thank you . now go get the rest , Bud ! astrid be dodging blow from a spear- wield trapper , handily defeat they . astrid I think this be suppose to be a stealth mission ! hiccup they always start that way . astrid look out ! she push hiccup out of the way as a trapper thrust a spear at she . she cleave off the head of the spear with she battle axe . stormfly drop in and pluck the trapper out of the fray , drop he overboard with a splash . astrid ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) thanks , stormfly ! from the mast above , valka watch in she warrior armor . her dragon , cloudjumper , sit perch beside she . as they take in the mayhem unfold below , cloudjumper turn to valka , grumbling . valka oh , stop worry . they 's 1l get it . back on deck snotlout leap from the top of a cage with a war cry , but snag he cape on the corner , leave he dangle helplessly as trapper close in . from the mast above , valka shake she head . valka ( cont ’d ) eventually . back on deck hiccup raise he visor . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 7 . hiccup rescue team ! move out ! we get ‘em all ! ruffnut and tuffnut be encircle by trapper , all brandish weapon . the twin raise they hand in surrender . barf and belch suddenly pluck they out of the fray , airlift they to safety . tuffnut I be gonna headlock every last one of you ! I might even leg-lock you . hookfang swoops in and grab snotlout from where he dangle , fly he out of the battle . snotlout amateur ! I be just get start ! astrid run to the railing , yell to the remain rescuer . astrid clear out , guy ! go! go! fishleg flee from pursue trapper and dive over the railing of the boat , seemingly into the water below . he reappear , riding he gronckle backwards . fishleg woohoo ! on toothless , rush down a row of cage , check for straggler . he sense something stir in a lock cage . he peer inside , curious and sniff , but see nothing . hiccup ( 0.s. ) toothless ! time to go ! toothless rush off . Inside the cage , a pierce pair of blue eye open on a otherwise invisible dragon . on hiccup , await toothless by the railing . he turn to find the remain trapper angrily surround he . he be painfully outnumber . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh ... hey guy . suddenly , from behind they , trapper start fly into the air . toothless barrel through they like bowl pin , rush toward hiccup . he scoops hiccup onto he saddle and take wing , escape into the fog ... httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 8 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ha ! you always have my back , bud . + . and leave the batter , smolder ship behind , relieved of its cargo . ivar wearily watch they escape . CUT to : ext . OPEN sky / berk - day 8q.201 - '' berk overcrowded , part 1 '' pulling through a flurry of wing -- a curtain of swirl color ... .-+. unveil hiccup and the rescue team return from the raid , lead the group of freed dragon . hiccup turn in the saddle , revealing bustling berk in the background -- a hive of activity . literally hundred of dragon in movement . hiccup this ... be berk ! you new home away from home . a stun one -stop , all - expense - pay dream destination ! they fly into the cluster , overbuilt village skyline . dragon be perch on every available rooftop , greeting the arrive newby with excitement . they take flight , follow the return rescue party in a parade of color . hiccup ( cont 'd ) so settle in and let you worry melt away ! the service here soar , the cuisine 's fiery ... a dragon roast a rack of meat for a Viking cook . the whole hut catch fire . a scauldron fly by and douse it with a blast of water . gothi cut across they path , wilding riding she staff like a witch 's broom carry by terrible terror . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ++. and the local be as colorful as you get ! the ground be crawl with dragon of every kind . so many that no actual ground be visible . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 9 . Viking travel to and for by hopping from dragon to dragon , like a giant game of frogger . hiccup ( cont 'd ) any run-of- the-mill paradise boast beach and sunshine . well , not we . we have get something no one else can touch . we , my friend , have dragon ! lot and lot of dragon ! they land on the dragon elevator in the center of the upper plaza . the crowd of Viking scatter , move out of the way of the new dragon arrival . two sheep dress as dragon continue graze as the shadow of the gigantic new dragon come across they . they panic and run off , leave they dragon costume behind . toothless and hiccup hop off of the elevator and onto the crowded plaza . hiccup ( cont 'd ) gang , meet we latest berkian ! '' oohs '' and '' ahhs '' sound from the crowd . the crimson goregutter survey he new surroundings as berkian put they hand out to greet it . viking welcome to paradise , mate ! the rescue team land , follow by the overwhelm newby . berkian and dragon alike surround the new dragon , give they a heroes 's welcome . phlegma be not you a beauty ! snotlout oh , you be welcome . you be welcome . I take on , like a hundred trapper , a thousand trapper . ruffnut all with burn undy . she snicker . tuffnut pop off he helmet . surround Viking and dragon recoil from the stench . tuffnut my thick , full beard almost catch on fire . he stroke he '' beard , '' which be actually he hair , braid around he face . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 10 . ruffnut ugh. just ... just stop . snotlout saunter up to valka , puffing he chest out . snotlout so , hiccup 's Mom , any note on my bone - crush assault , or be it pretty much perfect ? valka oh , it be ... indescribable . and please , call I valka . it have be a year . she walk off to inspect the newly freed dragon , leave snotlout grin from ear to ear . snotlout ( amaze , under he breath ) first name basis . hiccup mash toothless 's cheek . hiccup I think the real hero of the day be toothless . be not that right , Bud ? what would we do without you , oh King of dragon ? what would we do ? astrid hop out of stormfly 's saddle , roll she neck . astrid well , we could train a lot harder , for one . that be pretty sloppy . valka look over smile . valka ( phrasing it delicately ) astrid do have a point . perhaps you all rely a little bit too much on you dragon ... and not enough on one another . snotlout see , that 's exactly what I be say ! just listen up , guy . astrid roll she eye . snotlout saunter up to hiccup . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 11 . snotlout ( cont ’d ) yep , you Mom 's super impressed with I . I be like the son she always want . fishmeat hop out of fishlegs 's pouch and scurries over to the giant crimson goregutter . fishleg fishmeat ! you find a new friend ! fishmeat dance at the goregutter 's foot . in response , the goregutter pounce playfully , clumsily slamm into the tower totem . viking mind you head ! it crack , teeter , and collapse . Viking holler and dive for cover . dragon take to the air . the totem smashes into a '' bird house '' structure , create a chain effect of collapse building . the last to topple go over the cliff . hiccup and toothless cringe , as gobber push through the crowd , look more dishevel than ever . gobber what good be have the King of dragon around if he can not keep the order ? hiccup turn to toothless . hiccup hey , bud ? you wanna ... do something here , or ...? toothless call the goregutter into line with a roar . he bow respectfully . the baby gronckle scurries off , intimidate . gobber and where do you suppose we put this one ?! hiccup oh , we will make room . he turn to see the beachball - size hobgobbler stare blankly at he . he gasp . gobber ah ! you bring back a hobgobbler ?! they be a bad omen . we be curse ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 12 . valka scoops up the hobgobbler , look it over affectionately . valka nonsense . what harm could he do ? it never take its eye off of gobber . valka ( cont ’d ) no injury . they be all a little shake but otherwise healthy . ( to the rescue ) now , who 's hungry ? CUT to : int . berk - great hall - moment later seq.211 - berk overcrowded pt 2 the great hall the berk equivalent to a crowded cafeteria . dragon and Viking cramme in together , fill every space , sprawle out on table , hang off of chandelier . hiccup and toothless enter last , with gobber hobbling alongside , exasperate . gobber Point be , you can not keep bring dragon back here . as gobber and hiccup make they way through the crowd of dragon and people , snotlout run by with he dragon . snotlout come on , boy ! hiccup and gobber wait for they to pass , then continue walk . gobber you be just ask for trouble . hiccup throw a hand in front of gobber , stop he from step forward . a mischievous dragon scamper past , with a burly viking in close pursuit . viking no you do not , you little thief ! hiccup and gobber wait for they to pass , then resume . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 13 . gobber that trapper be get closer by the day . hiccup we can handle they . we have the Alpha . be not that right , Bud ? ( beat ) would you look at how happy they be ? gobber grumble as they navigate the chaotic hall , dodging gothi as she fly by , carry by dragon . valka be arm wrestle the brawny spitelout . she win . rack focus to reveal snotlout watch in slack - jaw awe . snotlout she 's ... awesome . hiccup throw a arm around gobber as they join the lunch - line . stew be ladle into heaping bowl and hand off to the hungry arrival . hiccup gobber ! relax , we do it . the world 's first dragon - Viking utopia . we make the dream a reality ! gobber you dream , maybe . mine 's less crowded and more -- aghh ! the hobgobbler bob up , bask in the steaming cauldron of stew . gobber ( cont 'd ) sanitary . hiccup gobber ! you be not fool anybody . I know you love they . toothless call the young dragon out of the stew pot with a low growl . the newbie crawl out and slink off , sheepishly . hiccup and gobber carry they fill bowl to the head table and squeeze in between astrid and valka , crush they . gobber you be suppose to be the generation that lead we into the future . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 14 . he look around at the gang . tuffnut pick he tooth while belch steal he food . snotlout start a food fight with hookfang . snotlout ha ! food fight ! ruffnut vapidly gaze at she reflection in a tankard ... ruffnut gor-ge-ous . ... then get hit with a turkey leg . she join the food fight . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) watch the hair ! all the while , fishlegs feed fishmeat in a highchair , make dragon sound as he fly in a spoonful of stew to its open mouth . fishleg good fishmeat ! on-nom-nom-nom . gobber get hit with a lump of food . he wipe it off , glower . gobber ugh . thor help we . he grab astrid and hiccup , pull they together in a headlock . gobber ( cont 'd ) time to stop worry about problem out there and start sorting out the one right here . astrid gobber ... hiccup ( squeeze under he arm ) okay , okay , I 'il think about it . gobber hang up that saddle and get marry . a pregnant pause . the gang gawk at the mention of marriage . tuffnut the '' m '' word . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 15 . ruffnut gross. ( beat ) unless it 's I . gobber start ruling like a proper royal couple . hiccup grimace , he face press into gobber 's armpit . gobber whisper into astrid 's ear . gobber ( cont 'd ) marry he , please . you be the only one with any sense around here . with you wear the pants , there 's still hope . astrid peel away , awkwardly recoil at the proposition . astrid wow ! not awkward at all . thanks for that , gobber ! gobber astrid ... do not be like that ! hiccup pop he head out of gobber 's armpit , gasping for air . tuffnut come up behind hiccup . tuffnut whoa . that be a definitive no . look , if you need a beard to cry on , just lean on my shoulder and you can cry into my full , thick beard . he pull hiccup 's face into he filthy '' beard . '' hiccup ( muffle ) oh , thank you , tuffnut . thank you ... so much . eret approach and cough awkwardly as tuffnut clutches hiccup in he beard . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( muffle ) eret , son of eret ! what 's the report ? httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 16 . eret two more trapper barge spot in the strait . hiccup ( optimistic ) so we go after they ! hiccup turn to gobber , leer back , judgmentally . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what ? gobber one day , you be go to pick a fight you can not win . hiccup grimace back . CUT to : ext . military base - day 8q.221 - grimmel 's deal a flying p.o.v «+. soar over a congest harbor , cluttere with warship . a reflection in the pass water below reveal the source -- a bizarre , quad - armed airship , fly by four red-belly dragon . a pair of dragon scout lead the way , speed over sprawling network of wooden dock toward a bustling military base . smoke hang in the air , billow from blacksmith chimney . store house and barrack weave toward a hilltop arena , build within the ruin of a stonehenge - like druidic circle . the airship hover to a landing atop the hill , scatter slack - jaw soldier . the dragon hiss , commanding a wide berth . this deathgripper be monstrous brute , bulg with armored back plate and blood-re underbelly . in place of front leg , they scuttle on bulky , serrate pincer . grimmel , 55 , descend from the cockpit , tall , slender , and dress head to toe in black , scaly leather . grimmel enter a stone archway , flanke by he pair of deathgripper scout . Soldiers watch he keenly , hand grip they sword hilt . archer above follow he every move , bow draw , as they whisper a warning to each other . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 17 . archer deathgripper . grimmel and he pair of deathgripper disappear into the tunnel lead we into ... a enormous arena .+. the size of the colosseum . sooty stone wall rise imposingly from a scorched dirt floor . a spider web-like dome of steel form a impenetrable ceiling . along its wall , a small collection of dragon lay stuff into undersized cage , while at the center of the arena , a enormous dragon be tethere in place . soldier brandish shield and spear poke at the unruly beast . it roar through muzzle jaw and thrashes its club tail in retaliation , swiping soldier off of they foot . the pair of deathgripper emerge from the tunnel into the arena . they hiss , eyeing the captive dragon . tusk extend from they heavy jaw . the training ring mayhem turn eerily quiet . the captive dragon shiver and shrink to back of they cage as the deathgripper pass . the unruly large dragon at the center grow still , averting its eye from the stalking predator . on a nearby day a trio of warlord ( two male , one female ) in unblemish , decorative armor , hover over a map . ivar the witless ( from the open scene ) position a small ship upon the table . ivar the dragon rider attack we here , off the Eastern Strait . ragnar the rock drive another boat piece into it , mouth a crash . the other glare at he . chaghatai khan ragnar . he stifles he amusement . ragnar the rock uh. sorry . grimmel ( 0.s. ) my dear warlord . they part to reveal grimmel behind they , grin as he peel back he hood , expose a shock of white hair . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 18 . grimmel ( cont 'd ) how go you plan to conquer the world ? ragnar go to embrace he with open arm . ragnar ha! grimmel ! my old friend ! thank you for come -- a deathgripper pin he to ground . he yelp . grimmel look around , nonchalantly . grimmel a year since drago 's defeat and no further along with you dragon army , I see . griselda the grevious glare , sourly . griselda the grevious you can thank the young chief of berk for that . grimmel stoick 's boy ? ragnar peek out , still pin under the deathgripper . ragnar ( strain under the weight of the dragon ) he and he peace- loving dragon rider continue to raid we ship and steal we dragon . grimmel hmph . that do sound like a nuisance . but I be in the business of kill dragon , not retrieve they . he turn to leave , signal the deathgripper to follow . ragnar sit up , catch he breath . ragnar but , grimmel ... grimmel the idiot boy have do all of the work for you , gather the dragon in one place . why bother I ? httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 19 . chaghatai because the flock be protect by a night fury . grimmel stop in he track . grimmel not possible . chaghatai it seem one slip through you finger . he glare , but ragnar get between they , force a smile . ragnar look , berk 's dragon will follow they alpha , so we will pay you to capture he and bring the flock to we . grimmel consider the proposition . in the background , he deathgripper antagonize the retrain rumblehorn , nip at it while it thrashes against its chain . ragnar ( cont 'd ) ( sweeten the deal ) we even have you favorite bait . chaghatat the only dragon they leave we from last night 's raid . they gesture to a nearby cage . a white dragon lie curl up by the back bar . grimmel approach . grimmel a female ? hmmm . ragnar so do we have a deal ? Old friend ? suddenly , the rumblehorn break free and charge for the exit , directly in the path of grimmel and the warlord . they scatter , but grimmel stand he ground , effortlessly fire he crossbow and bring it down . grimmel when all be say and do , this young chief will bring I the night fury . in the result dust cloud , grimmel pull he foot from under its snore snout . grimmel turn with a smile . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 20 . grimmel ( cont 'd ) they do not have a leader . just a boy . he walk off . CUT to : ext . berk - lookout - sunset sq.251 - flashback # 1 - '' we Home '' close on a wide - eye boy , 5 , with rosy cheek and a scar on he chin . he stare ahead , wind buffete he hair . stoick ( 0.s. ) hiccup . this be berk , son . it 's we home . pull back to reveal young hiccup in stoick 's arm . they be stand on a high lookout , take in the village with its defense tower and catapult . stoick ( cont 'd ) it be the home of you grandparent , and they grandparent before they . it 's my job as chief to protect we , hiccup . and one day , when you be all grow up , that job will be pass onto you . hiccup ( awed whisper ) okay . stoick point to the set sun on the open sea . stoick it 's very important , son , because ... out there , beyond the sunset , lie the home of the dragon . hiccup look up at stoick in awe . hiccup wow . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 21 . stoick aye . legends tell of ship that sail too close to it , only to drop off the edge of the world , never to be see again . ( beat ) but that sailor who turn back tell tale of a great waterfall and dragon guard the entrance to a Hidden World . hiccup whoa . stoick not just a nest , hiccup , but a land from which all dragon come . hiccup even ... night fury ? stoick smile . stoick especially night fury . hiccup that be scary . hiccup turn back to the sunset , gawk in amazement . stoick do not you worry . one day , I will find the Hidden World and seal it up , so that people and dragon will fight no more . dissolve to : ext . berk - clifftop - sunset sequence 0351 - '' we Home , part 2 '' close on hiccup , stare into the sunset , brow furrow , he hair buffete in the wind . toothless shuffles up , whimpering . hiccup what ? toothless respond with a cute , plead stare . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 22 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh , all right . he reach down and unbuckle he prothetic leg . hiccup ( cont 'd ) you do know , it 's not a chew toy , do not you ? toothless get into a dog-like play position -- crouch down on he foreleg with he rear in the air . he dance around excitedly . hiccup hold up the leg , wave it tauntingly . hiccup ( cont 'd ) be this what you want ? oh , do you want this leg ? do you want my leg ? he toss it over the cliff . hiccup ( cont 'd ) go get it ! toothless bound after it , leaping off of the cliff , and glide wobbly after the leg as it plummet . he nab it in he jaw and throw open he wing , rise again . hiccup smile , then remove he map , unfold it as he bend to he knee . he study the archipelago , bite he lip . suddenly , he prosthetic leg drop onto the map , bounce and splattering slobber over the parchment . he glance up to toothless , riding the updraft with a lock , flare mechanical tail . hiccup ( cont 'd ) get pretty good at glide on you own , Bud . toothless land , panting happily . he nudge the prosthetic leg closer , as hiccup try to concentrate . suddenly , stormfly burst into view , blotting out hiccup 's view of the sunset . she hover above hiccup , grin . astrid ( project ) oh , so this be where you come to get away from gobber ? hiccup chuckle . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 23 . hiccup I have no idea what you be talk about . she hop off of stormfly , smile knowingly . toothless rush to she with the slobbery prosthetic leg . astrid ewww . she take it and lob it over the cliff . toothless bound after it . astrid wipe she hand on hiccup 's shoulder in pass and plop down at the edge of the cliff , dangle she leg off of it . astrid ( cont 'd ) well , he 's right , you know . hiccup light up , a goofy smile on he face . hiccup really ? you think you and I should ... astrid oh , god no . we be nowhere near ready for that . hiccup grimace , hide he hurt . hiccup no , that - that 's crazy ... astrid I mean he 's right about all of this . she gesture to the village below . hiccup sigh . hiccup it do seem like the whole world know about we now . astrid yup . and the more dragon we bring back here , the bigger of a target we become . toothless drop the prosthetic leg on she lap . she toss it again and he dive after it , happily . astrid ( cont 'd ) I just wish there be some way to make they leave we alone . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 24 . hiccup there might be . she twist around , meeting he eye , quizzically . hiccup ( cont 'd ) dad use to talk about a old mariner 's myth , of a secret land at the edge of the world where dragon live totally out of reach . astrid chuckle , dismissive . astrid well , sailor be know for tall tale . hiccup true . but what if it 's real ? it could be the answer to all of we problem . astrid how ? by move the dragon there ? hiccup shake he head . hiccup uh uh . all of we . she stare , incredulous . astrid seriously . and abandon we home of seven generation ? the home you father leave you to protect ? pregnant pause . hiccup shrug and stammer . astrid ( cont 'd ) yeah , I think we need a real solution , hiccup . toothless land and begin gnaw on the leg . stormfly hover , eyeing it , jealous . hiccup ( lighten the mood ) well , we could just take gobber 's advice and tie the knot . that should fix everything . she roll she eye at he . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 25 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( playfully ) but hey ... if you be have doubt about yours truly , I be pretty sure snotlout 's available . astrid he only have eye for you Mom . hiccup gasp in mock insult and pull she into a bearhug . hiccup oh , you be play dirty now , huh ? astrid ( laugh ) you ask for it ! look like there might be a wedding after all ! hiccup ( struggle ) how dare you ! that be a low blow . no , no , you be not get away ... she grab he arm and twist it behind he back . hiccup ( cont 'd ) aghh ! okay , okay ! you win ! you win ! you always win . she giggle and settles into a embrace . astrid you know what you be get into . hiccup uh huh . right . in the background , toothless 's ear plate perk up . he drop the prosthetic leg and raise he head , twitching he ear . he get to he foot and shuffles to the edge of the cliff , stare off into the forest below . hiccup turn toward he . hiccup ( cont 'd ) uh , Bud ? toothless suddenly bound off of the cliff , glide and bound into the distance . hiccup get up and hop to the edge of the cliff . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 26 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) yeah , sure , do not bother to wait for we ! toothless continue into the distance , without look back . CUT to : ext . wood - night sq . 401 - love at first sight toothless weave between trunk , follow a distant moaning . drip from the past rainstorm patter all around . mist blanket the forest floor . twig snap under he weight . suddenly , the mournful call cease . toothless sniff the air and push he snout through the underbrush . his glisten eye widen in amazement . ahead , in a small clear , a shape shift in the dapple moonlight . its body shimmer in bead of rainwater , plunge back into mystery as shadow consume it . toothless gurgle . the groggy dragon ( the Light fury ) slowly raise its head . detail reveal themselves slowly -- a sleek and smooth creature , with long fold wing , feline feature , and -- even in the dark -- iridescent scale of pure white . toothless watch , mesmerize as ... from toothless 's p.o.v .: in slow motion , the white dragon slowly turn to face he , give we we first real look at she . pierce blue eye lock upon he . her head be smooth and elegant -- strikingly similar to a night fury , but lack toothless 's crown . two stubby ear plate lay fold back . on toothless , awestruck , babbling in slow motion . he take a cautious step forward . she recoil and yowl back : '' get out of here . it 's a trap . '' she snarl at the ground between they . toothless stop in he track , look down at the area , and step around it , give it a wide berth . he come within a couple of foot of she . his lip crackle apart into a big , reassure smile . he coo : '' it 's okay . '' httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 27 . toothless inch closer . her grogginess fade , she guardedness subside . they hold the stare . for a moment , there be only the sound of they purr , fall into sync . SNAP . a twig break . she stir from the stare and jolt she head to the right , spot hiccup and then astrid push through the brush . she jump back , alarmed . on hiccup and astrid , gape in amazement . hiccup oh my god . astrid hiccup ! the white dragon blast ! hiccup and astrid dive out of the way . the violet fireball hit the tree trunk between they , shatter it and bring down the top in a thunderous crash . toothless balk : '' stop ! '' she turn to he , confuse , and swallow the blast . she balk back : '' but they be human ! '' hiccup and astrid raise they head from the underbrush , cover in splinter and look startle . hiccup yeah , yeah we be friend ! no need to kill we ! spook , the white dragon lunge into the air , crash through the tree top in a rainfall of branch and pine needle . toothless cry out : '' no ! come back ! '' he bound up a tree trunk to the top in pursuit . but it 's no use . she look back one last time , then blast a fireball and fly through it , pull a comet trail of flame . when it taper to nothing , the dragon be go , vanish into thin air . hiccup and astrid gape , astound . hiccup ( cont 'd ) wow . astrid another night fury . astrid smile , thoroughly amaze . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 28 . hiccup no , not quite . it 's more like a ... hiccup ( cont ’d ) astrid Bright ... fury . Light fury . hiccup yeah . your be better , probably . back to toothless , scan the empty sky from the treetop , crestfallen . match dissolve to : int . berk - stable - day sq.501 - Tale of the Light fury toothless , eyeing the sky , lovesick , from the entrance of berk 's cavern stable . the cave be a flurry of activity . astrid and the gang be busy at work , feed dragon , clean stall . ruffnut watch toothless , who be still stare dumbstruck into the distance . snotlout what do you mean , '' go ? '' hiccup vanish , into thin air . hiccup be seat at a stool , carefully remove a splinter from a gronckle 's foot . fishlegs bounce over with the baby gronckle in he backpack , show hiccup a new dragon card he 's be work on . fishleg what do you think ? hiccup uh-uh . stubbier ear . no dorsal plate . fishleg okay , get it . fishlegs nod and make a few adjustment as eret walk past , haul a bundle of fresh hay into a clean stall . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 29 . eret what a night ! toothless nudge hiccup , grow ever more impatient . hiccup Bud , what 's get into you ? what be all this slobbering and panting ? astrid rub toothless 's muzzle playfully . astrid be not it obvious ? he 's in love ! hiccup ( privately , to toothless ) trust I . Relationships be nothing but pain and misery . astrid punch he . he recoil and gesture at astrid , say to toothless : hiccup ( cont 'd ) what do I just say ? toothless resume prancing around , unfaze . hiccup ( cont 'd ) be I not enough ? toothless stare blankly , froth and panting , then bolt away . tuffnut I think that 's a no . toothless spot a pair of nadder enact a courtship display . he wander over , curious , as fishlegs appear at hiccup 's side with the revise card . it 's a mess of smudge pencil line . fishleg something like this ? hiccup ( exasperate ) you know what ? just trace you toothless card and make she white . fishleg you could have lead with that . fishlegs nod , hobbling away . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 30 . astrid can you believe it ? toothless have a girlfriend ! hiccup I never take you for a romantic . like , ever . astrid but it 's so sweet . I mean ... look . she gesture to toothless , now privately practice the nadder 's courtship display with he own shadow . he extend he wing and throw he head back , clucking awkwardly . tuffnut okay . that 's just sad . and weird . ruffnut yeah , you better do something . snotlout seriously . I have rather shovel poop all day than watch that . hiccup sigh . pull the splinter form the dragon 's foot and set it down . hiccup all right , let 's head back to the wood and see if we can find she . toothless bound over excitedly , smother hiccup in lick . tuffnut set down he broom and join . tuffnut ah , good idea . a little privacy . hiccup uh ... tuffnut shhh . ( to the other ) it 's boy talk . hiccup what ? tuffnut c’mon . let 's go work this out . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) he grin and usher hiccup out of the stall . ext . berk - wood - day sq.751 - '' someone 's here , part 1 '' tuffnut so , you want to get marry . 31 . CUT to : tuffnut and hiccup shuffle through the wood on the way back to the clear . toothless sniff the ground ahead of they , focus . hiccup uh , no , actually . tuffnut swing a stick at the underbrush . tuffnut good news -- I have be to two wedding , crash both . but none as high profile as this one . lot of pressure . judgement . and not just by I . hiccup look we talk about it . we be not get marry . tuffnut chuckle , knowingly . tuffnut cold foot . I have see it before . but do not worry , Little hiccy ... he put he hand on hiccup 's shoulder . lock eye in a sympathetic stare . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) I be here . hiccup wait , hiccy ...? tuffnut now I have see the way astrid look at you . everyone have . that doubt . that not - so-subtle disappointment . that long for something more . than you . you need to focus on be worthy . ( more ) httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 32 . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) I mean , she 's a warrior queen , for thor 's sake , and you be ... neither . but with I as you best man , you spirit guide if you will , you will learn to embrace you inner Viking . show this naysayer , of which there be many , that you be more than just a malnourish runt with bad hair , strange tooth , and a twig for a neck . hiccup you be really bad at pep talk . tuffnut stop let this insecurity get the best of you ! everyone 's watch . I mean , everyone . you need to man up . do as I do . they enter the clear . no sign of the Light fury . toothless sigh , disappointed . tuffnut ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) it all be hard , but you have my word . and until I break that word , I will not give up . hiccup spot something glimmer in the brush at the far end of the clear . he approach , curious . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) hey . hey ! what , be I waste my time here ?! you see some shiny thing in the wood -- ooh , what be that ? hiccup reach down and retrieve a discard dart contain a glass vial . hiccup furrow he brow , study it . a single drop of green fluid drip from the end of the barb . he whip around to see toothless sniff leave and pine needle near the center of the clear . hiccup ( panicked ) toothless ! toothless recoil in response , eyeing hiccup , confuse . hiccup hold up a hand . hiccup ( cont 'd ) ( tense ) do not move a muscle . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 33. hiccup glance around the clear , spot a undisturbed area at the center of it . he reach for tuffnut 's walk stick and hurl it like a spear into the center . tuffnut hey ! it stick its landing , then ... clang ! in a explosion of debris , two giant iron jaw SNAP shut in the air like a giant bear trap , obliterate the stick that trigger it . hiccup leap backward as the trap ring out into the forest . toothless roar , startle . hiccup look leave and right , scan the forest with flare , paranoid eye . CUT to : ext . berk - blacksmith 's stall - later sq.851 - '' someone 's here , part 2 '' hiccup set the dart down on a barrel . hiccup someone 's here . hiccup and tuffnut stand face astrid , eret , and gobber , at work in the stall . gobber eh ? hiccup he manage to slip past we scout and lay a trap in the wood . tuffnut it ruin boy talk ! tuffnut toss the dart , nearly stabbing eret . gobber let I at he ! hiccup slow down , gobber . let 's get a search team on the ground and scout in the air . toothless and I will fly the coastline . eret inspect the dart closely , turn it over . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 34 . eret yeah , I would not advise take toothless anywhere , Chief . I know this handiwork . grimmel the grisly . famous back where I be from . smartest dragon hunter I ever meet -- well , next to I , of course . hiccup can not be that smart . he leave he trap unmanned . eret nothing 's accidental when it come to Old grimmel . he life for the hunt . to get inside the mind of he prey , to control its every choice . it 's all a game to he . hiccup glance at toothless , eyeing the sky , lovesick . astrid well , he do not know who he 's play with . hiccup yeah , and we have deal with he kind before . eret do not underestimate he , hiccup . Mark my word . he ’1ll be back . hiccup then we will be wait for he . CUT to : int . hiccup 's house - night sq.951 - grimmel pay a visit close on a tatter , leather - bound book on a shelf , flanke by several other . hiccup pull it out and blow off the dust . he take it to the fireplace , where several old map be spread out on the floor . he sit cross -legge and open the book , leaf through the scribble note . he mumble the word and glance at the old map , show detailed exploration of the seas west of berk . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 35 . hiccup ( murmure to himself ) alright , come on , give I a clue here . give I a clue , dad . he look up -- toothless be snore in a shadowy corner of the room . he hear a creak . turn to the door . nothing . he watch it for a moment , then return he gaze to the book on he lap . he hear a gurgle -- water pour from a jug into a cup . hiccup jump to he foot , alarmed . the sound of slurping follow . grimmel oh , I hope you do not mind if I help myself ? mmm . this be quite good . hiccup extend and light he Dragon blade , illuminate a figure stand in the shadow of he kitchen -- tall and lean , cover head to toe in black leather . grimmel sip calmly . hiccup that be impressive . but let I finish my drink . toothless stir . in a flash , grimmel immediately fire a dart from he crossbow , put he out with a yelp . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! hiccup rush over to toothless as grimmel toss he cup on the floor and reload he crossbow , aim it at hiccup where he stand . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what do you do to he ? grimmel ehh . nothing that he will not sleep off . he cross the room , crossbow in hand , and sit in stoick 's chair by the fire . he stroke the wooden armrest . grimmel ( cont 'd ) ah. May I ? he peel off he hood . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 36 . grimmel ( cont 'd ) Chief hiccup ? do I say Chief hiccup ? ( hiccupe ) or do I call you hiccup ? what do you prefer ? a pregnant pause . hiccup stare . grimmel ( cont 'd ) you have no idea who I be , do you ? ( beat ) well , you father know of I . now there be a chief ! one of the great dragon hunter to have ever live . ( cring ) what would he think of you ? grimmel chuckle . grimmel ( cont 'd ) he have it right , you know , make it he mission to destroy the beast so that you could grow up in a better world . hiccup he change he mind . grimmel and look where that get he . hiccup glare at the spiteful jab . grimmel ( cont 'd ) so , let 's get to the point . I be the night fury killer . I have hunt every last one but yours . you be go to give I that dragon , or - hiccup I will never give he up . grimmel rise from he chair , laugh as he push hiccup 's Dragon blade aside . he strut past hiccup , toward toothless . grimmel you wish dragon to live free , among we , like equal ? a toxic notion , my boy . History have show that we be the superior species . what if word of you misguide idea be to spread ? httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 37 . he near toothless , grow suspicious ... grimmel ( cont 'd ) it would be the undoing of civilization as ... we ... know ... it. hmmm ... .-. and kick he . toothless stir , he '' head '' fall off , revealing fishlegs in disguise . fishleg ( groggy ) do we get he ? hiccup hook grimmel 's crossbow with the tip of he Dragon blade and cast it aside . hiccup now ! suddenly , valka , astrid , and gobber rush out of hide , leaping from the loft above and burst through the door . gobber sorry to barge in ! grimmel look around , surround . hiccup you think you can come into my home , sit in my father 's chair , and threaten my dragon ? ( beat ) this be berk . and we have defend we way of life from far worse than you . grimmel smile . grimmel ooh , a fight spirit ! I love it . only , I be afraid you be mistaken . you have never see anything like I . he whistle , summoning he deathgripper . in response , serrate pincer puncture and tear through the roof , knock astrid off the balcony . hiccup astrid , look out ! the deathgripper lunge forward , aim its poisonous stinger straight at they . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 38 . valka look out ! Son ! get clear ! glop of flame acid rain down , dissolve everything on contact as several deathgripper drop to the floor . grimmel calmly retrieve he crossbow . gobber run ! gobber pull fishlegs out of harm 's way as flame ceiling timber collapse , nearly crush they . everyone dive for cover in the inferno . grimmel have my dragon ready when I return ... or I will destroy everything you love . hiccup look around through the swirl smoke and ember , see shape take flight through the open ceiling . we heroes rush out after the , but grimmel be go . hiccup and valka exchange shake glance against the backdrop of burn building . CUT to : i/e. berk - great hall - night sq.1001 - hiccup 's plan outside , a dark and stormy night . a loud , fussy crowd sound from inside the great Hall . inside , all of berk 's Viking be gather . hiccup stand before they at the head table , with toothless safely by he side . hiccup alright , alright everybody ! settle down , please ! ( turn to fishlegs ) fishlegs , have you ever see that species of dragon before ? fishlegs be slump at a table . he sit up , raise he finger in the air to speak , then fall over , pass out again . spitelout let I at he ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 39 . hoark I will give he a piece of my mind ! and by mind , I mean fist . he punch out the Viking next to he . the crowd roar in agreement . hiccup do you miss the part where we almost die ? have you see my house ? ( beat ) this be a new kind of enemy . and I underestimate he . now that 's on I . but I will not do that again . snotlout we be Viking ! we do not run froma fight . at least I do not . ( accusingly , to eret ) you might . eret throw he a baffle glare . eret I agree with hiccup . we have not see the last of grimmel . he 's a predator . single minded and patient . he will not stop until he get what he want . valka I be with eret . we have to take this threat seriously . she nod to eret . rack focus to snotlout , fume . hiccup grimmel be just a sign of the time . we enemy be get smarter , more determine . we be not just overcrowded , we be expose and vulnerable . ( beat ) short of full blow war and risk everyone we love , I do not ... I do not see a way of stay here any longer . indignant protest sound out from the agitate crowd . astrid sink she axe into the table , silencing they . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 40 . astrid hey ! hear he out . she give hiccup a encourage nod . he grin , appreciative of the support . hiccup if we want to live in peace , with we dragon , we need a better plan . gobber so , what be you say , Chief ? hiccup look out over he people , take a breath . hiccup I be say we have to disappear , off the map . take the dragon to a place where no one will find they . hoark and where might that be ? astrid he 's talk about a quest for Hidden World . phlegma the hide what ? ruffnut cackle . ruffnut out to lunch . hiccup my father be obsessed with it when I be a boy . he make note and map in search of the ancestral home of all dragon , tuck away somewhere beyond the edge of the world . it may be the solution we need . ( beat ) we be dragon people . it 's where we belong . fussy murmur build anew . hiccup take in the glum , disapprove face . hiccup ( cont 'd ) look , I know this be we home . my father leave I to protect it . ( beat ) but berk be more than this place . ( more ) httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 41 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) we be berk . the people , the dragon . I say berk be wherever we go . silence . suddenly , tuffnut throw up he fist . tuffnut I be with he ! who else ?! dissolve to : ext . OPEN skie - day sq . 1091 - the quest go West the entire berkian flock of dragon cruise through a glorious cloudscape of tower cumulous skyscraper , haul they rider and everything they can carry -- include a entire Viking ship load with supplies , and one load with sheep , dress in dragon costume . one of they exchange a nervous look with a pass monstrous nightmare . hiccup be at the head of the pack . a flurry of dragon and rider follow he into the distance , over mile of endless sea , toward a late , set sun . the horizon be gleam and bright , fill with promise . the crowd of dragon and they rider be parte by fishlegs , who uncomfortably make he way through the crowd with the scream baby gronckle on he back . fishleg ah , excuse I , come through ... let I just get right through here . fishmeat look ! eat you rock , eat you rock ! snotlout god ! people who fly with baby be the worst ! fishmeat burp up a slug of molten lava , barely miss snotlout 's head , gobber push through the front line of the formation , past valka and astrid , toward hiccup . he eye the horizon , then turn to hiccup . gobber I feel like I be always ask you this question but - suddenly , he start to dip below frame . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 42 . gobber ( cont 'd ) whoa ! wake up , grump ! wake up ! be there a actual plan or -- hiccup -- just keep fly until we reach the end of the world . gobber eye the horizon again , grimace . gobber ah. seem ... sensible . CUT to : ext . berk - day a massive armada be gather offshore . berk be lie completely desert . sign of a hasty departure everywhere . grimmel sit at the base of the stoick statue , munch a apple skewer from the tip of he dagger . a map be spread out at he foot . he ponder it , casually chew . his deathgripper hiss and gather as the warlord approach , mount the step as they take in the abandon village . below , they soldier spread out , search the building . chaghatai khan so ? where be they ? grimmel hold up he hand , gesture to the surroundings . grimmel go , obviously . griselda the grevious the night fury escape you ? again ? grimmel smile . take another bite from the apple . grimmel I encourage it ! they have abandon they only defensible position . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - day the flock of dragon continue fly toward the horizon as we hear grimmel 's voiceover . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 43 . grimmel ( v.o. ) running scared , with what little they can carry . snotlout pull up on the other side of they , stretch out on hookfang like he 's riding a harley . snotlout ugh ! it just keep go . tuffnut that 's ' cause the world be actually round . hiccup sigh , exasperate . astrid and valka giggle . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) the Sun 's round . the Moon 's round . star be round . even though they be small and stupid . ruffnut snicker . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) right ? star . CUT to : ext . berk - day grimmel continue to pace , placate the restless warlord . grimmel do not fret . they will not get far . the night fury be distract . I introduce he to you female . he stick he apple core on one of the deathgripper 's tusk . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - day suddenly , toothless 's ear plate perk up . grimmel ( v.o. ) fury mate for life , you see . he look around , curious , tilting he plate like antennae . hiccup whatcha pick up on , Bud ? httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 44 . toothless babble back , perplex , look to the cloud above , narrowing he eye . hiccup and the gang follow he stare . above in the distance , a shape pierce a cloud , pull a wispy trail in its wake . a gleam , warbling , mirror- like form dart between the round formation , reflect the golden cloudscape . as it cruise through the sky , a iridescent white dragon materialize out of thin air . toothless exclaim , excitedly . astrid the Light fury ! valka she 's follow we ! the Light fury blast a fireball ahead of she and fly through it , pull a comet trail of flame and smoke . when it dissipate , she 's go , have vanish anew . the crowd '' ooh '' and '' awws , '' slack - jaw face grin in amazement . gobber would you look at that ? tuffnut where have she go ? be she make of sky ? elate , toothless jackknife upward , give chase and calling out to she . hiccup whoa ! hold up , toothless ! the Light fury 's warbling shape prove hard to track as she cloaking ability render she nearly invisible . toothless zigzag through the air , leave the flock far below , determine not to lose she again . she puncture a tower cumulous and explode out of the top , corkscrew through the air and pull wisp . she be - materialize at the top of she arc , suspend weightless in the air . toothless gurgle , enamor . hiccup ( cont 'd ) well , look who it be ! she snarl and suddenly dive - bomb they . hiccup 's smile fade as she close in . she swoops in and attack hiccup ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 45 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) uhh -- aggh ! bam ! he 's snatch out of the air . she flap off with hiccup flail in she clutches ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) oh hey , it 's really nice to finally -- aaghh ! .»+. and in one dismissive gesture , she hurl he out like the trash . hiccup tumble head over foot , plunging toward the sea . the Light fury turn back to toothless , gurgling with a gape , self - satisfied smile : '' there ! you be free . '' toothless look toward hiccup , now a plummete speck . he turn back to the Light fury , offer a force smile : '' thanks , but , uh ... '' and dive to hiccup 's rescue , he lock tail encumber he normal grace . the Light fury watch , confuse and a little insulted . hiccup plunge past the flock , grimace in humiliation . snotlout this be perfect . so great . toothless dive after he , collect he back in the saddle . he preempt they snarky comment . hiccup not a word . the group snicker . they arc back into the sky , rejoining the flock , as toothless search for any sign of the Light fury . alas , she 's go . toothless moan , crestfallen . CUT to : ext . berk - day one of the warlord interject impatiently . ragnar the rock yes , yes , but where do they go ? he pick up a char stick from a brazier next to he and begin mark the map at he foot with sooty stroke . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 46 . grimmel ( muttere ) must I explain this ? ( aloud , condescending ) night fury can not survive in the cold , so they have not go north . he cross out the land to the north of berk . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - day the flock of dragon continue fly steadily toward the horizon as grimmel essentially predict they every move . grimmel ( v.o. ) they be try to put distance between themselves and enemy to the East and South . CUT to : ext . berk - day on the map , grimmel cross out the land to the East and South . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - day hiccup see a shape emerge between parting cloud ahead . grimmel ( v.o . ) and night fury can not fly long distance without rest . a massive monolith of a island rise impressively from the sea , its thousand foot shear cliff push through a ring of cloud . the crowd be silence . CUT to : ext . berk - day he indicate a hopscotch - like path across island toward the West . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 47 . grimmel they flight path must include stop . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - day fishlegs break to the front of the crowd . fishleg potty break ! the convoy ascend the vertical granite cliff of the tower island , pierce the ring of cloud that surround it . as they rise above , the spire battlement of sun-kiss stone give way to a jaw - drop valley within . grimmel ( v.o. ) therefore they have go ... they can only have go ... ( beat ) do anyone want to take a guess ? a glimmer lake extend across the plateau , surround by verdant pasture and lush forest . sparkle waterfall cascade from the snowy peak . and at the far end of the lake , a majestic terrace island sit perfectly poise to look out over the golden sunset . CUT to : ext . berk - day grimmel anyone ? ( sounding it out ) whu-whu-whu ... ragnar place he ship piece on the eastern portion of the map . ragnar East ! grimmel glare and move it to the west . grimmel West ! simple ! you see ? oh , be not this fun ? yes ? no. yes ! the warlord leave , disgust . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 48 . grimmel ( cont 'd ) yes . where 's you love of the hunt ? I think you be conqueror ! you will have you prize in time . just allow I a few more day to enjoy this . ( beat ) I have dearly miss it . CUT to : ext . monolithic island - day sequence 1101 - New berk hiccup dismount on the terrace new island , surveying the idyllic landscape , as toothless pace , search the sky for the Light fury . hiccup alright . look like we be camp here for tonight . gobber ( 0.s. ) well , thank thor for that ! tuffnut drop to he knee , hand raise to the sky . tuffnut yes ! my own place . I plan to build a hut , only for the bearded . ruffnut , you gotta stay out . Chin whisker do not count . snotlout push through they , frame the treetop with he hand . snotlout I see a tower of manliness in the shape of I . he glare at eret , unpack skullcrusher with flex and shine biceps . snotlout ( cont ’d ) it 's gonna be taller that eret . with bigger muscle . eret what ? snotlout get outta my house ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 49 . eret hey , be there a problem here ? snotlout puff himself up , press chest to waist against eret . snotlout yeah , there 's a problem . ever since you show up you have be try to upstage I ! you be just so jealous ! it 's delusional . eret yeah , delusion 's a good word for it . snotlout listen , son of eret ! when hiccup blow it as chief , I be next in line . number 2 , because I be clearly valka 's favorite . so , you better start show I some respect ! snotlout stomp off . eret huh . strange little man . gobber give eret a sympathetic pat . gobber do not mind he . it 's not you fault that you have the body of a norse god . ( beat ) I myself have the same problem . he crack he back and shriek out in pain . he take a pick - axe from grump 's saddlebag and plant it in the dirt . gobber ( cont 'd ) blacksmith stall go right here . he recoil in horror when he suddenly find himself face to face with a gaggle of hobgobbler . he start count they , confuse that they have somehow multiply . gobber ( cont 'd ) gah ! 1 , 2 ... 3 , 4 , 5 ... Viking immediately start call out , stake they claim : '' this one 's mine ! '' '' I spot it first '' '' bah ! i’1ll fight ya for it ! '' etc. httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 50 . hiccup okay . hold on , gang . I say make camp ... gobber do you see they ?! hiccup .-- not build a new village . fussy protest issue from the travel - weary crowd . '' come on . '' '' be you serious ? '' etc. snotlout who die and make you chief ? groan fill the air in unison . eye roll . gothi fly by ina basket carry by terrible terror . she crack he on the head with she staff . snotlout ( cont ’d ) what ? ow ! hiccup grant , this place be very nice , but it 's not the Hidden World . hoark we do not even know if this Hidden World exist . ack yeah , this place be real . the crowd sound out in agreement . valka chuckle , approach . valka there 's nothing more stubborn than a mob of tired , hungry Viking . hiccup sigh . hiccup yeah , well , I guess this can work as a base in the meantime . defensible . Hidden ... ( aloud , to the group ) all right . you can stay . gobber say hello to New berk ! let 's get building , lad ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 51 . the crowd cheer , toss helmet . hiccup until toothless and I find the Hidden World . boos sound out . tuffnut pull he aside . tuffnut now about that voice . can we lose the whole honk goose thing ? it 's hard to imagine wedd bliss with that go off every minute . hiccup grimace and walk off with valka . valka if you be go to continue West , I should head back to make sure we be not follow . snotlout appear , grin . snotlout great idea . i’1l go with you . for protection . valka ( horrify ) no ! ( then , cover ) y- you be far too important here . snotlout yeah . he saunter off , chest puffed out . hiccup just ... be careful . he can see that she be hold back . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what ? valka consider she word , carefully . valka this plan to hide we from the rest of the world ... though I wish it be possible , I fear it can not last , hiccup . ( more ) httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 52 . valka ( cont 'd ) you know I try to do the same for year , but greedy human always find a way . I just ... I only ask that you think about it . she walk off , leave hiccup to consider she advice . he turn to astrid as she stroke stormfly affectionately and set about unpack she saddle . hiccup do you still think I be crazy , or ...? astrid let 's just say this whole idea be very ... you . hiccup smile . hiccup well , thanks for support I last night . it mean a lot . she pull stoick 's notebook from a crate and hand it to hiccup . astrid do not thank I yet . I just hope you be right about this . she walk off , leave he to contemplate the book . CUT to : ext . new berk - camp - hiccup 's tent - night sq . 1501 - lure away hiccup have fall asleep , book on he chest . toothless slumber beside he , gnaw the prosthetic leg . suddenly , toothless awaken , stir by some unheard sound , and knock hiccup off the bed . hiccup ( still half - asleep ) toothless , no , it 's too early ... toothless raise he head and twitches he ear plate , follow the sound of soft , stealthy patter of foot move through the camp . the sound of sniff grow closer . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 53 . a moonlit shadow appear on the canvas tent wall , cut the silhouette of the Light fury . toothless 's eye flare excitedly and he quickly slip out of the tent flap ... only to find no one there . between a pair of tent , a dragon outline warble in the moonlight like a fun-house mirror in movement . it stop , aware of toothless 's presence . the mirror effect dissipate as the Light fury 's scale cool down , leave the two dragon stare face to face . toothless rush toward she , excited , but she utter a snarl , stop he in he track with a '' hush , you will wake they . '' he hold he pose . she slip off between the tent , disappear from view and he follow . he trot after she , between the tent and palettes of supplies . she lure he away , disappear , then reappearing . as she weave through the camp , they movement fall in sync , like a kind of dance . she lead he into the pasture beyond the camp . the moonlight play upon she sleek body , glimmer over she roll shoulder as she slink through the grass like a lioness . toothless follow , mesmerize . ext . new berk - wood - moment later sq . 1601 - first date toothless zigzag through the wood , determine not to lose the Light fury again . finally , he spot she come to a landing on ... ext . new berk - beach - moment later «+. a sparkling lake - side beach flanke by tall , grassy bluff . the Light fury shake out she wing and fold they , roll she neck in the dim twilight of dawn . toothless stand at the top of the bluff , look down at she . she turn , wait to see what he will do . toothless try to look regal and compose and prepare to descend the bluff , but he immediately lose he foot on the loosely pack sand . he tumble down the steep incline , come to a messy landing . he pop up to he foot , shaking off the embarrassing spill . the Light fury watch he , confuse , and sit down face he . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 54 . meanwhile , hiccup settles in to the bluff above where toothless be , lie on he stomach to watch while remain undetected . the Light fury reattempt the invitation to the courtship dance . she settles , await he move . toothless stare , uncertain of what to do . he glance back toward hiccup , hide in the grass . hiccup mime , flap he arm and throw he head back . toothless take the cue and flap he wing excitedly , beam a gleeful smile . the Light fury be unimpress , and groom herself disinterestedly . toothless look back up at hiccup for support . hiccup start to mime another wing - flap behavior , but he step on a twig and dive back into the grass , afraid of detection . the Light fury look up toward the sound , but do not see hiccup . she turn back to toothless , now look somewhat wary and suspicious . toothless smile awkwardly and begin to hover toward the Light fury as she eye he , confuse . he get a little too close and kick up a spray of sand all over she . toothless glance back to hiccup : '' what now ? '' hiccup tuck he thumb in he armpit and pace , jutting he head in and out like a chicken . toothless imitate hiccup , cluck around the beach awkwardly . the Light fury watch , confuse by the strange display . see that it be not work , toothless try a desperate medley of mate display , each one more ridiculous than the last . hiccup cover he eye with he hand , cring at toothless 's disastrous display . as toothless near she , she swat at he face like a cat and flap off to a nearby tree , hang herself invert from its limb . she snap she wing close , cover she face . toothless approach the tree and creep out onto the limb . hiccup wave he hand , miming that it will break under he weight . toothless misinterprets the signal and begin bounce on the branch . the Light fury open she wing , annoyed , as toothless bounce she up and down . the limb snap , send toothless crash head - first into the sand . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 55 . he shake off the dizzying thump as the Light fury peek through a wing , then snap it shut . toothless shake he head , frustrated . he eye the break branch at he foot and get a idea . he pick it up and begin to draw in the sand . the Light fury open a eye , and then the other , squinting in curiosity . toothless work feverishly , go over he line repeatedly , brush sand over they with he tail when he make a mistake . curious , the Light fury drop from she perch and slowly approach , tilting she head , take it in , amused . as he finish , toothless step back to reveal a childish portrait of the Light fury etched in the shimmer sand . toothless add a smile , complete the portrait . hiccup be baffle by the display . hiccup oh , now you can draw ? she step on one of toothless 's line in the sand . he snarl reactively -- but she snarl back , sharply . he recoil apologetically . she cross over the draw toward toothless ... and touch he nose with hers . toothless beam a dopey grin . the Light fury turn and flap off , attempt to lead he away . toothless try to follow , but crash down into the sand and rock repeatedly due to he unmanned tail . the Light fury circle , wait for he to take wing , confuse . toothless try desperately to join she , but cannot . the Light fury spot hiccup , spying from the bush , and fly off with a snort , as toothless dive after she , distraught . he land in the water and look mournfully after she , half submerge . he glare at he useless tail , and slap it down into the water . he hang he head . hiccup watch from above , look guilt-ridd . he get a idea . CUT to : httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 56 . ext . new berk - day sequence 1801 - Automatic tail astrid walk up , eyeing schematic drawing of a new prosthetic tail , pin up on a wall . she study they curiously . astrid oh , someone have not sleep . hiccup grab a handful of black toothless scale and drop they into a mortar . he mash they up with a pestle . hiccup well , that Light fury will not let I within a mile of she . and neither of we will be get any sleep or find the Hidden World until toothless take over . hiccup be toil away at a makeshift workbench as toothless hover over he , panting . as hiccup peer through a magnify glass , toothless push he face aside to look , steaming up the glass . hiccup ( cont 'd ) hey ! what do you think of that ? yeah ! astrid you try this once before . he do not want it . hiccup until now , he do not have a reason to . right , bud ? hiccup hold up the mortar to toothless . on cue , toothless spit into it , add slobber to the mixture . astrid smile . hiccup grab a paintbrush and meet she eye . hiccup ( cont 'd ) what ? astrid no , nothing . I be impressed . I mean , look at you , embrace change . I be proud of you . hiccup shrug , painting the tail . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 57 . hiccup well , he 's my best bud . I want he to be happy . ( beat ) besides , it 's just until he bring she back . astrid roll she eye . hiccup finish coating the tail in paint . he lift and splay it in front of toothless . toothless gurgle in awe . hiccup ( cont 'd ) alright . Fire when ready ! toothless produce a small fireball . it wash over the paint , drying it instantly . he then hold it up for toothless , who blast it with fire . he fold the tail , revealing gobber , cover in soot and glow ember . gobber well . I guess you know the tail be fireproof . hiccup cringe as toothless run around , frantically . hiccup okay , toothless ! okay , yes I know , I know -- shh shh shh . okay , I know . he attempt to fit the new prosthetic as toothless wag he tail excitedly . hiccup ( cont 'd ) please . this be not help . eret walk up , carry a armload of construction log . eret well , well , well ! someone 's excited . hiccup Fresh off of he first date . now , he 's love-craze . gobber only we 're the one go crazy . the sooner he bring back that Light fury , the better ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 58 . hiccup yeah but to do that , he will need to fly without I . so time to give this new-and - improve baby a shot . toothless dance in place , excitedly . hiccup straddle he tail , brace it between he leg , and attaches the prosthetic , affixing the match brace to toothless 's natural half - tail . hiccup ( cont 'd ) attaboy ! lookin 's sharp , toothless ! so , what do you think , bud ? toothless flare , tilt , and collapse he half - tail . the automatic prosthetic mirror every movement with gear precision . hiccup ( cont 'd ) bring she home . ( aping stoick ) by sundown at the latest . toothless smile , gurgle excitedly . he wipe a slobbery tongue across he face . hiccup ( cont 'd ) pfft ! save it for you girlfriend ! go on , get out of here ! toothless bound off -- then pause , suddenly aware of the magnitude of he newly gift independence . he turn back to hiccup , look uncertain . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . toothless smile , and with a eager down - flap , he take wing , racing off into the sky -- awkwardly at first . after a few wobbly maneuver , he get the hang of it and flap off with grace . toothless vanish into the distance . hiccup 's smile fade , leave he stir awkwardly . he limp off as gobber and eret avert they eye . CUT to : ext . OPEN sky - day sequence 1871 - spy Mission httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 59 . valka and cloudjumper cruise over a cloudy sky . below , fog cover the open sea like a blanket . a break in the fog reveal a lone ship below . valka steer cloudjumper toward it . as they descend toward it , the thinning fog reveal a vast armada at sea . valka take it in , concerned . her gaze move up to see a strange floating airship hover menacingly . suddenly , a deathgripper explode of the fog , tackle cloudjumper , mid-air ! valka be knock from she stand position . she hook she staff to cloudjumper 's crown of spike and swing to a rough landing on he flank . a second deathgripper attack from the other side , its expose tusk gash cloudjumper 's side and barely miss valka . it raise its scorpion - like tail , expose the glisten barb . valka watch out ! it strike ! valka parry , knock the barb shy of its target . one of the deathgripper clamp down onto cloudjumper 's wing with its serrate pincer . cloudjumper grab it in its massive talon and rip it free , tear a gash in he own wing . valka ( cont ’d ) go , cloudjumper ! cloudjumper flap off in retreat . the deathgripper cackle and give chase , but suddenly halt as a distant , pierce whistle sound out . they obediently retreat as cloudjumper flee . on grimmel , watch as cloudjumper and valka recede into the fog . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - sunset sq . 2001 - romantic flight as a band of yellow glow on the horizon , toothless thunder through the sky , search high and low . he spot a shadow , dimly cast against pass cloud , and double back , only to realize that it 's he own . he blast a fireball , frustrated , and flap along listlessly , tired and discourage . at length , he bank and turn around , defeat . head hang low , he glide through a blanket of cloud . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 60 . his ear plate twitch at the sound of a distant explosion . he twist he head around and light up , hopeful . he look around , twitching he plate , desperate for any sign of the Light fury . detect something , he turn to he side . the Light fury materialize , head to tail , out of thin air -- she mirror- like scale cool in the wind . toothless exclaim , ecstatic , show off he new tail . she peel off , coyly . toothless give chase , determine not to lose she again . she look at he before blast a ball of fire and fly through it , as if to say , '' watch ! I 'il teach you '' . toothless chase she into the fiery funnel , close on she tail . when he emerge from it , she 's go -- once again disappear . toothless look every which way , then spot she far above , heaving she wing into a storm cloud . toothless jackknife skyward and pour on the speed , catch up in the flash thunderhead . as lightning crackle all around , toothless try to replicate the Light fury 's cloaking ability . he blast a fireball and fly through it . he look at himself as he emerge -- nothing 's change . she show he again , fire another blast and diving through it , disappear with grace . she reappear moment later by he side , chortling : '' try harder . you can do it . '' brow furrow in determination , toothless inhale deeply and blast a larger fireball . he dive through it , but once again emerge unchange . toothless be embarrassed ; he so clearly want to impress she . he ' blushes 's glow blue and roar in frustration . suddenly , he rage draw the surround electricity of the thunderhead . lightn bolt strike he from every direction , produce a blind flash . as it dissipate , he 's go . the Light fury look around , concerned . she call out . nothing . then , as she panic set in , toothless reappear in the distance , he own scale cool off . he spiral , dizzy and daze . the Light fury race to he , elate , exclaim , '' you do it ! '' she bolster he as he smile , groggy but proud , clearly sap by the jolting experience . together , they pierce the top of the thunderhead , rotate around one another , face to face . they reach they apex and cease flap , slow to a halt against a crescent moon . toothless lean in , nuzzling she , nose to nose , while they hang momentarily . he steal a kiss -- a quick lick . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 61 . her eye flare , surprised by he cheekiness , as she fall backward into a invert swan -dive , wing outstretch . toothless mirror she . they silhouettes peel apart against the pale moon as they spiral into a free fall , sounding out in glee . as layer of cloud pass they by , the Light fury gracefully arc over the water . toothless glide beside she , beam a dopey , gummy smile . she extend she wing tip to touch he own . they glide , side by side , hand in hand . he coo , reveling in the moment . she steer toothless toward a distant column of mist , rise into the night . they climb , higher and higher as the curious sight take on definition . through the column of mist , toothless spy what appear to be a gargantuan hole in the sea ( create by a undersea volcano meeting the surface ) . immense waterfall form a near - perfect circle , roaring thunderously into a chasm of epic proportion . it appear to be a mile wide , maybe more . as toothless squint , perplex , the Light fury turn to he , uttering softly : '' my home . '' he stare at she , nodd in understanding . he gurgle back : '' take I there . '' she grab hold of he talon , surprising toothless . together they tumble through the air like fight eagle , dizzily plunging into the mist of the vast hole ... and disappear into its mysterious depth . CUT to : ext . new berk - day sq . 2151 - recon report close on a pair of tankard smash together . frothy mead spill everywhere . hoark to the chief ! Roaring whoops fill the air . hiccup be jostle on the shoulder of merry Viking , carry through the toast crowd . they toss he up in the air in celebration , send he higher with each throw . ack to the chief ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 62. phlegma oh , a chip off the old block ! spitelout stoick would be proud ! as sun set on New berk , a feast rage in full swing . a bonfire roar in the center of the plaza . building stand in mid-construction as the raucous berkian celebrate the day 's work in true Viking fashion . dragon join in on the fun . hiccup ( mid-air ) okay guy , now I be just get sick . they set hiccup down . he laugh halfheartedly and stumble , stifling some vomit . gobber scoops he close , throw he prosthetic mug attachment around hiccup , spilling mead all over he . gobber gotta say , I think you be well off yer rocker , but this spot be not half bad . hiccup this be suppose to be a temporary solution . eret walk up , take in the merriment with a smile . eret it 's unanimous , everyone agree we have definitely trade up . well do , Chief . hiccup laugh nervously , but continue eyeing the sky , antsy , he mind elsewhere . hiccup what if the tail break ? what if grimmel find he ? what if he need I ? gobber swipe a tankard of mead from a pass Viking and shove it in hiccup 's hand . gobber would you relax ? he 's probably have the time of he life . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 63 . hiccup how would I know ? she never come around . and when she do , she 's always rush off . ( beat ) I be say , how do we know if she 's right for we ? gobber raise a eyebrow . gobber we ? hiccup shrug off gobber 's arm and hand the tankard to another pass Viking . he take it happily , swilling as he stagger off . hiccup you know what I mean . she 's so wild and skittish . I be just gonna say it -- I do not trust she . gobber laugh heartily . gobber can not tame ‘em all , hiccup . one day , you will have to snip that apron string and let toothless stretch he wing . remind I of a talk I have with stoick about you . the advice sit poorly with hiccup . gobber notice a pack of hobgobbler , eyeing he from the bush , they blank eye glimmer in the light of the bonfire . gobber ( cont 'd ) gah ! where do they keep come from ?! hiccup who ? hiccup glance at the underbrush . they be go . gobber that bloody hobgobbler ! I swear they be pop up faster than rabbit . hiccup grin , shaking he head . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 64 . gobber ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I think they want to eat I . evidence would suggest I be tasty . he wiggle he prosthetic arm and wooden leg as proof . tuffnut pop in from out of nowhere , startling they . tuffnut hiccy . a moment ? listen , I have be watch you walk . lose the limp . no one 's gonna marry that . hiccup I have a prosthetic leg . gobber so have i! tuffnut and I have a parasitic twin , but you do not see I limping around about it . c’mon . they continue to walk back toward the village . gobber trail behind , still look around anxiously . he glance back over he shoulder and suddenly , the pathway be full of hobgobbler again . he yelp and run off . tuffnut ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Chin up , hiccy . puff out that chest . move that butt to the leave a little bit . suddenly , cloudjumper flap past they . he come to a landing in the center of the plaza , clearly injure . valka dismount , look dishevel . hiccup head over , concerned . hiccup Mom ! be you hurt ? what happen out there ? astrid join , look alarmed . valka I do not know how , but grimmel be tracking we . gobber gah ! this be all because of the hobgobbler ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 65 . valka he have a hundred ship - maybe more . with enough cage for all of we dragon . hiccup 's brow furrow as he try to come up with a plan . hiccup ( take a deep breath ) if grimmel be lead they here , we have to take he out of the mix . tuffnut uh , and how would we do that ? hiccup by go there to capture he . gobber capture he ? the group go silent , grimace at the dubious plan . tuffnut i'm with he ! who else ?! CUT to : int . raven point trappers 's fort - night sequence 2181 - trap ! close on a jar -- with a patch of leather stretch over the mouth of it . a thin , sharp spike pierce the taut skin . venom drip from it into the container . rack to reveal grimmel , watch through the warble glass . he grin . pull back to reveal a deathgripper , obediently retract its scorpion - like tail and glisten , expose stinger . grimmel carry the jar to a break down bench in the ruin of a forget old fort . he remove the leather seal and carefully pour the venom into several dismantle dart . he whistle , calmly reassembling they in the glow of a oil lamp . outside httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 66 . shapes blur past . in the distance , dragon silhouettes fly low to the water , coast silently , then arcing up as they reach the rock . hiccup sit behind astrid on stormfly . astrid turn to hiccup , and he nod . hiccup dive from stormfly , throw open he wing - suit to glide and break he fall . on the ground hiccup touch down with a quiet thud , then rise , quickly stow he wing . he look around , count he team as they stand , each dress in dragon armor , stow they own wing flap . he gesture to split up . astrid nod , then scurries up the rock toward the glow window . inside grimmel lift he hand and gesture toward the door , and he deathgripper rise and scuttle out of the room , sniff the air and hiss , enter ... the foyer , a large open beam room , though most of its beam have cave in form a crisscross , dishevel maze . wreckage litter the floor . moonlight spill in from demolish wall . the deathgripper hiss in unison , tusk extend from they heavy jaw . they spilt up , search the area , keenly aware of the intruder and determine to hunt they down . snotlout ( whisper ) okay , split up . we will be harder to catch . the group completely ignore snotlout . eret ( whisper ) I be think we should split up . just because . valka ( whisper ) I like you instinct . they rush off together , leave snotlout behind . snotlout what be this ?! hiccup and he team dart between lump of wreckage , climb and slip out of view each time a deathgripper round a corner , narrowly evade detection . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 67 . hiccup point to the light doorway , indicate the target . above , hiccup carefully creep up the crumble stairway that lead to the lamp - light room . he retrieve he dragon blade and rush up the step ... find it empty . close on a slender hand , pull a rope . suddenly , net drop from the turret , cascade down in every direction . in one fall swoop , hiccup and he team be trap inside with the deathgripper . hiccup look around , panicked . fishmeat wake and start to wail . hiccup glare at fishlegs , shaking he head . fishleg ( flustered ) shhh ! shhhh ! quiet ! a match strike , lighting a lantern . grimmel step into view on the other side of the net . grimmel where 's you dragon when you need he , hmm , Chief ? must have forget all about you . hiccup and the other rise from hide , carefully eyeing the hissing deathgripper , look for a escape route . grimmel ( cont 'd ) first rule of the hunt ! Separate the prey from its pack . you have just remove yourselves from the equation ! the deathgripper close in on the prisoner await grimmel 's signal . hiccup why be you do this ? grimmel really ? I do not think you care . ( with contempt ) well , unlike you , when I be a boy and I come upon a night fury , I kill it where it sleep . that simple act of courage make I a hero in my village . ( proudly ) ( more ) httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 68 . grimmel ( cont 'd ) so I decide to kill every last one , bring real peace to the people of this world . ( beat ) until you come along , preaching that dragon be something other than thief and murderer . pffft . that nonsense die now . start with you . hiccup but you have dragon of you own . grimmel laugh . grimmel this ? they be dragon killer , drugge into obedience with they own venom . not even you precious alpha could control they . they serve I and only I . ( beat ) allow I to demonstrate . he whistle . the deathgripper OPEN FIRE , blast flame acid in every direction . hiccup take cover ! the wreckage be instantly set aflame . beam sizzle and snap , dissolve by the acid . astrid Split up ! valka leap out of the way of a blast , climb a fall beam toward the netted rooftop . she whirl she staff , create a urgent , high - pitch whistle . valka up here ! in response , cloudjumper dive from the night sky , grab talon - full of netting and hoist the rope into the air with she four powerful wing . valka slashes the taut rope with she serrate , hook staff , rip a hole in the net . valka ( cont 'd ) hurry ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 69 . the team scramble upward , climb out of reach of the lick flame , as stormfly , meatlug , skullcrusher , hookfang , and barf & belch close in . snotlout go , go , go , go , go ! the deathgripper lunge after they , claw they way up the wreckage with they heavy pincer , snap ferociously at they heel . as valka stretch the hole wide , the team dive through , plummete in mid air . each be grab by they pass dragon . valka hiccup ! lastly , hiccup rush through , glance back at the inferno beneath . a deathgripper explode from the flame like a breach great White . he leap out of the way as it chomp into the net , fall away , entangle . valka hook she staff onto cloudjumper 's talon and grab hiccup by the hand . valka ( cont ’d ) gotcha . go , cloudjumper ! cloudjumper drop the net , allow it to collapse upon the flame wreckage , trapping the struggle the deathgripper as they writhe and roar in fury . the team escape into the night sky as the goregutter fly in , follow fishlegs 's command . fishleg yeah ! we hero ! he lower he head and use he massive antler to smash into the top of the tower , cause the top to collapse down onto the deathgripper . on hiccup , dangle , look back . sooty , eye glaze , and rattle . on grimmel , watch they escape , seethe . ruffnut appear by he shoulder , brush off ash . ruffnut ugh . he take that stupid baby everywhere . he grimace , unnerve . CUT to : httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 70 . ext . new berk - plaza - day sequence 2191 - we need him stormfly touch down in the center plaza , carry astrid and hiccup , as gobber approach , grimace . gobber thor almighty ! guess we will not be need this then , huh ? he gesture toward a handmade cage behind he . the return rescue team follow sheepishly , look batter , sooty , and dishevel on the heel of the botch mission . hiccup I lead we right into he trap . hiccup shake he head , frustrated . tuffnut snicker . tuffnut yeah , nice work , Chief . right , ruff ? silence . he look over to see barf 's empty saddle . hiccup wait . where be ruffnut ? tuffnut stare at the empty saddle , strain in think . fishleg ( panicked ) we leave she behind ? astrid how could you not notice she be miss ? you ride a two -headed dragon . tuffnut oh yeah . ( beat ) I feel like how ruffnut be every day . Dumb . gobber odin be spanke ! this just get better and better . hiccup try to calm the upset , vocal crowd . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 71 . he sigh , tuffnut I try to avoid look at she . it give I acid reflux . hiccup okay , guy , just keep you helmet on . toothless and I will fly -- hoark toothless have the Light fury now . he 's probably not even come back . hiccup what ? astrid you give he he freedom , hiccup . what be you expect ? hiccup I never think he have stay away for good . crestfallen . hiccup ( cont 'd ) i..i ... ( beat ) look , I - I 'il figure it out . I just need more time . he shuffles off , defeat . astrid watch hiccup and sigh . valka approach . valka he think he have to lead alone , because he father have to . he do not realize the strength you have together . astrid turn to she . valka ( cont ’d ) do you still believe in he ? astrid of course . I wish he do . but he think he 's nothing without toothless . valka then help he realize the truth . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 72 . back to hiccup , walk away from the crowd , rub he brow . he look up to see stormfly bound up to he cheerily , with astrid in the saddle . stormfly sqwak , enthusiastically . astrid get on . we be go to find he . hiccup light up , relieved . hiccup really ? he climb onto the saddle , call back to the weary crowd . hiccup ( cont 'd ) everybody stay put . we will get ruffnut back . do not worry . he join astrid in the saddle as stormfly take to the air . tuffnut puh. worry ? if they be stick with ruffnut , I be more worried about they . CUT to : int . raven point trappers 's fort - day sequence 2195 - ruffnut freed grimmel be look down at he map , try to concentrate . ruffnut ( 0.s. ) why the long face ? she snicker . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) I mean , mine 's long , but yours be really long . all face and no brain . like you get stretch at birth . do you have a twin too ? tuffnut take up all the room in Mom 's belly . otherwise I have have a rounder head and more brain . that 's science . grimmel sneer , try to ignore she . the silent warlord exchange glare of exhaustion . ruffnut toy with she braid , weaving they around like snake . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 73 . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) my braid be like little Zippleback , see ? rawr rawr ! even the mold spot look like eye . so cute . they even have little horn and everything , just like barf and belch , except I and barf can not stand belch , so they be really just barf . it 's warm in here . grimmel shake he head , unable to concentrate . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) I know what you be think . you have never have a prisoner this hot . all the boy love I . except eret , who totally lose he chance . that ship have sail , boy . sorry ! and hiccup be practically marry to that round head , astrid . but snotlout and fishlegs , they be basically my harem . grimmel break he pencil and groan . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) I just can not choose . snotlout 's a beefcake , but almost too pretty , you know ? sometimes I think he 's more in love with himself than I . there 's only room for one beauty in this relationship . fishlegs would keep I alive longer if I have to eat one of they , strand on some glacier somewhere , but he never shut up about dragon . do not you hate when people never stop talk ? grimmel yes . I do . grimmel 's capture dragon back away from ruffnut slowly , uncomfortable and slightly afraid . ruffnut they just keep go and go blah , blah , blah . it 's so boring . griselda the grevious can not we just feed she to you dragon ? httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 74 . ruffnut hey , what do you have to eat around here ? I be allergic to fish . you should know that . that 's all they have at that stupid new island . grimmel raise he head from he hand , a idea suddenly dawn . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) do you have any clam ? they be like little mouth with slimy food inside that 's already chew like the way Mom use to do it -- grimmel -- enough ! grimmel swipe the map off of the table ! the warlord jump back . the compass sink its spike into a mast , narrowly miss one of the deathgripper . grimmel stomp over to the cage . ruffnut until I turn twelve , and she be like , '' chew you own food ! '' and I be like , '' no , I kinda like it ! '' grimmel ( grumble ) most annoying creature ever to cross my path . ruffnut ( flatter ) aww . he throw open the latch and swing the cage door wide . ruffnut snap at he with she dragon-headed braid . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) oops , you let the dragon out . I be gonna get ya , I be gonna get ya . no this one 's gonna get ya ! he open the adjacent cage . a timid dragon peek he head out . the deathgripper scuttle over hungrily . grimmel take he and go . please . I beg you . ( be : the dragon ) the deathgripper will have to forgo dinner . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 75 . ruffnut saunter out , size up the dragon . ruffnut eww . you feed you dragon ... dragon ? grimmel go ! ruffnut where 's you bathroom ? I gotta ... he glare dagger . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) okay ! god . no wonder you have gray hair . she climb onto its back as the dragon look around , confuse . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) stress be not good for you . ruffnut laugh victoriously as they flap off . ruffnut ( cont 'd ) so long , loser ! grimmel watch they go . his sneer become a grin . CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - day sq . 2201 - stormfly track stormfly fly over the open water , follow she nose and shifting course every few second as she carry astrid and hiccup . there 's nothing but open sky and ocean as far as the eye can see . hiccup where be she head ? astrid she 's tracking something , be not you , girl ? she pat stormfly , who sqwak back , focus , sniff the air . hiccup sigh . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 76 . hiccup there 's nothing but mile and mile of ... hiccup look into the distance , suddenly silent . astrid turn to see what he 's look at . they hurtle over crash whitecap toward what seem like nothing but a column of mist . a roar build . hiccup peer over astrid 's shoulder , baffle . they exchange look . stormfly suddenly pull up , revealing a vast hole in the sea with thunderous waterfall cascade inward . hiccup and astrid gawk , astound , as stormfly circle the epic , otherworldly sight -- a great volcanic caldera meeting the surface of the sea . the remain of shipwreck litter the lower tier , wedge in the fang - like rock of the chasm . hiccup ( cont 'd ) a great waterfall ... astrid at the end of the world . astrid meet he eye . suddenly , without warning , stormfly dive into the caldera . hiccup agghh ! astrid stormfly ! hiccup wrap he arm around astrid as they plummet , uncontrolled . CUT to : int . hidden world - king island - day sq . 2301 - the hidden world ( part 2 ) they emerge through a curtain of fall water ... and into a vast , steamy chamber beneath the ocean floor . terrace basin of collect seawater spill into a seemingly bottomless chasm , aglow with magma vein . hiccup and astrid gawk , bewilder , as stormfly sniff the air and switch direction . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 77 . she fly they beneath a low overhang and into a tunnel . the darkness give way to a otherworldly glow as the phosphorescent river beneath throw pattern up the tunnel wall . hiccup look ! hiccup point out the shape of a bioluminescent sea shocker dragon , swim in the current below they . stormfly follow the river to its end , drop off of a cliff and into a massive gallery of column , cover in bioluminescent fungi . cluster of dragon egg glow as stormfly soar past . she too display a bioluminescent pattern , as though fly under black light . astrid and hiccup be astound . the starry ceiling above suddenly shift and undulate , as thousand of tiny fireworm dragon descend from the cavern ceiling and playfully chase stormfly . finally , the '' mushroom Forest '' give way to a third chamber -- vast and glow with warm light carry from deep magma vein via great pillar of crystal . gargantuan coral structure fan out in dramatic display , grow mid-air in the damp , salty atmosphere . here , thousand of dragon have gather in a excitable hive of activity . astrid and hiccup tuck low in the saddle as stormfly fly they closer to the epicenter of activity -- '' King Island . '' to avoid detection , astrid steer stormfly toward a smaller formation at the shore of kind Island , landing in the cover of a canopy of goliath mushroom . hiccup and astrid hop off and follow stormfly as she sniff the air and scamper up the steep , moist terrain . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it really do exist . stormfly reach a cliff and straighten , point she head like a hunt dog . hiccup and astrid crawl to the edge and gasp in unison . rising from the gather throng of dragon , a great monument of crystal rise like a tower . from above , toothless and the Light fury lead a procession of dragon through the air , zigging , zag , and looping in a kind of arial dance . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 78 . astrid yank he back . astrid shhh . you ’1ll spook they ! toothless and the Light fury land majestically upon the peak of the crystal mountain . dragon roar and flap they wing in adulation . in the crowd , even drago 's former bewilderbeast pay he respects to the alpha . toothless spread he wing and let out a mighty roar . astrid ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) now that 's a king . no longer the clumsy amateur , toothless throw he head back , cluck and mirrore the Light fury in a strange yet beautiful ritual . he settles and nuzzle she gently , then look out upon he constituent , noble as a lion with he pride . below they , thousand of dragon lower they head and bow . all the while , hiccup watch quietly , visibly unsettle by the sight of toothless so at home in this foreign world . astrid notice . her smile fade , replace by a look of sympathy . she reach out to comfort he . hiccup we should go . but before they can slip away , they hear a rumbling behind they . they turn , apprehensively , only to find themselves face to face with a snarling rumblehorn . hiccup ( cont ’d ) astrid oh no . oh no . hiccup raise he hand to try to calm the rumblehorn , but astrid grab it and leap from the cliff , take hiccup with she . astrid ( cont 'd ) stormfly ! the rumblehorn roar , send up a pierce alert . a thousand dragon head turn at once . toothless be shocked to spot hiccup and astrid in the distance , flee for they life . toothless scramble to the air in a panic , leave the Light fury confuse . he roar at the pursue dragon head toward the intruder , with bare tooth and glow mouth . some heed he command and fall back . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 79 . other be far ahead of toothless and close in . hiccup and astrid scramble over the ever-chang terrain , try to outrun they . astrid ( cont 'd ) go , go ! toothless race through the throng of aggressive dragon , commanding they to back down . he swoops in and pluck hiccup and astrid out of the onrush , carry they up toward the cavern ceiling . hiccup I be sorry , Bud ! i- I just ... toothless bark back sharply and carry they into the distance , far from the agitate crowd . stormfly follow , reunite with astrid . close on hiccup 's face , remorseful and pensive , as toothless fly he away from the Hidden World ... dissolve to : int . old berk - stoick 's house - night flashback seq 2341 - '' with Love come loss '' hiccup , age 6 , descend the staircase from he bedroom loft to find stoick seat by the fire . the stair creak and stoick turn with a start , quickly wiping glisten tear from he face . stoick Son . you should be asleep . hiccup sit on the step guiltily , aware that he 's witness something he should not have . hiccup I be thirsty . stoick soften and beckon hiccup over with a sweep of he hand . stoick yeah . come here . hiccup descend the last few step and climb into he father 's lap by the warmth of the hearth . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 80 . hiccup ( carefully ) dad ? be you gonna get we a new mom ? stoick stare at he , take aback . he hug hiccup tightly , then raise hiccup 's chin to meet he eye . stoick I do not want another . you mum be the only woman for I . she be the love of my life . hiccup turn to the flicker flame , consider he word . stoick ( cont 'd ) but with love come loss , son . it 's part of the deal . sometimes it hurt , but in the end , it 's all worth it . stoick smile warmly . stoick ( cont 'd ) there 's no great gift than love . dissolve to : ext . new berk - plaza - day sequence 2371 - momentary hesitation close on hiccup 's face as he ride on toothless , still lose in think . he glance at astrid as they descend toward New berk to land . she eye he sympathetically . they touch down on a open pasture by the shear cliff , some distance from the halt construction . hiccup dismount and consider the village , then turn toward toothless , who stir , eye downcast . hiccup throw a glance toward astrid , who nod in encouragement . he take a deep breath and round toothless to face he . hiccup it 's okay , Bud . you belong there . with she . we do not . toothless cock he head , seem to understand . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 81 . he coo , clearly conflict . hiccup ( cont 'd ) and that 's alright . we will find a way to mana -- suddenly , toothless 's ear plate twitch . he look back toward the open pasture . the wind rustle through the long grass . he raise he head , curious . at first , he see nothing ... then a gust part the grass blade , revealing the Light fury crouch like a stalking lioness . hiccup ( cont 'd ) hey ! she follow we back ! toothless hop to he foot , elate . he bound toward she , tongue flap in a fit of joy . he leap into the air and tackle she into the grass . they tumble down the bluff , head over tail , gurgling with glee . hiccup watch , beam . he turn to astrid , relieved . hiccup ( cont 'd ) we might not have to say goodbye after all ! toothless stand and gently lead the Light fury toward hiccup and astrid . '' my Home , '' he coo . she cautiously follow , uncertain . hiccup ( cont 'd ) that 's it ... ruffnut ( 0.s. ) woo-hoo ! yeah ! suddenly , ruffnut appear , landing on the dragon grimmel gift she . astrid ruffnut ? she hop off , beam and twirling triumphantly . ruffnut miss I ? astrid how would you escape ?! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 82. ruffnut I annoyed they ' till they let I go ! heh , heh . so dumb . ruffnut toss she braid . hiccup and astrid exchange a look of concern , hiccup wait . grimmel let you go ? she throw they a know wink . ruffnut they could not handle I . ( beat ) see , everyone think that tuffnut 's more annoying , but -- hiccup 's eye flare , alarmed . astrid -- wait , hold on . hiccup ruffnut . focus . be you follow ? she gawk at he , blankly , then smirk . ruffnut I never look back , hiccup . panic flood hiccup 's face . he spin around toward toothless and the Light fury . hiccup toothless . hiccup take off toward he ... «+. as toothless lead the Light fury closer . hiccup ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) toothless ! suddenly , a rustle in the grass spin the Light fury around . she sniff the air . alarm , she shriek and take flight ! but it 's too late : a dart whizze through the air and hit she in the neck ! she tumble to the ground , nearly slide off the cliff . toothless bellow furiously , rush toward she ... httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 83 . hiccup ( cont 'd ) toothless , come back ! «+. only to discover grimmel rise from the tall grass ahead of he . before toothless can blast , grimmel fire a dart into he neck . toothless roar , but immediately succumb to the tranquilizer . CUT to : ext . new berk - camp - continuous sq.2801 '' grimmel 's surprise '' on hiccup , run through the tall grass , panicked . hiccup no ! grimmel clip a ring to a long length of chain . in the background , he airship rise into view . he grab hold of the chain as it grow taut , lift he into the air from the chassis of the airship , stand atop he dangle , freshly capture fury , like a prize hunter with he kill . hiccup slow , horrify as the airship rise above he . several berkian race to he side . behind they , they dragon fly to the scene , roaring aggressively . grimmel climb onto a outstretch arm of the airship and leer back . grimmel and now we little game must come to a end . the berkian dragon close in and open they mouth to blast . in response , grimmel aim a mount canon at the Light fury . toothless groggily look up to see the barb harpoon fix squarely on he unconscious mate . grimmel ( cont 'd ) call they off , Alpha . no reason for she to die too . toothless look at the arrive flock , throat aglow , await he command . he roar a command : '' stand down ! '' the dragon immediately swallow they fire , peel back . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 84 . snotlout what be they do ? they can totally take he ! hiccup not with she life be on the line ! the deathgripper scout circle the airship , nip at toothless and the Light fury . toothless bark at they , try to force they into line . grimmel save you breath ! the only alpha they respond to be I . toothless turn to hiccup , plead and helpless . hiccup can only stare back , guilt-ridd . grimmel ( cont 'd ) oh , do not feel too badly . you try you best . but you be nothing without you dragon . hiccup glower in the sting of grimmel 's word . the airship recede . toothless command the dragon flock to follow , as the deathgripper circle like sheepdog . hiccup chase after they , halt by the edge of the cliff . hiccup toothless ! close on hiccup , wind , overwhelm , defeat . CUT to : ext . new berk - sunset sequence 2951 - astrid activate hiccup hiccup pace at the cliff 's edge , eyeing the disappear flock . the gang watch from a distance , equally at a loss . tuffnut oh , that be just great ! now what ? snotlout step forward , puffing out he chest . snotlout I think it 's time for number two ... to become number one . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 85 . valka hold back the other with a gesture . she turn to astrid . valka he 'il listen to you . astrid nod and head off toward hiccup . she stop short , face the open sky , as hiccup continue to pace , work up . hiccup do not say it . astrid I be not go to . hiccup I should not have drag you out there . he would not have fly I back . she would not have follow . astrid nod , stare ahead . astrid yep . hiccup ugh ! I feel like the same screw - up I be before I meet toothless . astrid I can see that . he turn to face she , exasperate . hiccup be you just go to stand there and agree with everything ? she shrug . astrid well , you be right . you be back to where you start . but I be the first to believe in you . and I have watch you doubt whether you be worthy ever since . ( beat ) but you know what ? I be the person I be today because of you . I never tell you that , but it 's true . you be the bravest , most stubborn , most determine knucklehead I know . ( beat ) ( more ) httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 86 . astrid ( cont 'd ) toothless do not give you that , hiccup . he just make it ... hiccup -+. easier . he meet she eye , bolster by she stoic resolve . astrid and now it 's go to be a lot harder . hiccup consider she word . astrid ( cont 'd ) so . what be you go to do about it ? hiccup probably something stupid . astrid that 's the hiccup I know . she smile and give she a peck of thanks the cheek . they trudge back up the hill toward the group . hiccup suit up , gang . we be go to get they back ! fishleg what ? ruffnut he 's lose he mind . tuffnut grab hiccup by the shoulder . tuffnut now that 's marriage material ! he beam proudly . tuffnut ( cont 'd ) at last , faithful pupil . you be ready . hiccup writhes . fishleg um ... how be we gonna get we dragon back ... without dragon ? httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 87 . hiccup turn to he and grin , knowingly . hiccup trust I . CUT to : ext . OPEN sky / OPEN water - day sq . 3051 - the dragon army off the coast of new berk grimmel 's airship hover over the sprawling armada , flanke by the swirl cloud of dragon . below , dragon be be load into cage . cloudjumper , skullcrusher , and grump be among they . agitate , they snarl at the prodding soldier . soldier watch yourselves ! a solider jab cloudjumper with a spear . soldier ( cont 'd ) move it ! cloudjumper growls , threaten to attack . above he , toothless see this and roar at he . with the Light fury still in grimmel 's harpoon sight , toothless growls a command : '' just do as they say . '' grimmel that 's right , Alpha . no surprise . cloudjumper begrudgingly comply , but swat the soldier with he tail as he resign himself to the cage . more dragon land and be force into cage . ext . new berk - sunset dress in dragon armor , the gang peer over the edge of the cliff at the armada far , far below . they wing - suit flap be unfurl . ruffnut gesture to hers , incredulous . ruffnut so ... jump off the cliff ? in this ? that 's the best you get ?! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 88 . hiccup no . you guy be the best I have get . ruffnut aw. tuffnut ruffnut ( cont 'd ) I 'm wi -- i'm with he ! who else ?! tuffnut glare at she , indignant . tuffnut ruffnut ! that be my line . hiccup let 's go ! hiccup lower he helmet and take a run leap off of the edge . astrid follow . astrid try to keep up ! the rest of the gang leap in turn , spread they wing and glide through the air . tuffnut yeah ! I be do it ! ext . OPEN sky / OPEN water — continuous grimmel throw a lever , lowering toothless to the deck below . he struggle in the net , yowling back at the Light fury . the soldier prepare to receive toothless as he thrashes with increase intensity . toothless roar at the soldier that surround he . they jump back , nervously brandish spear . grimmel chuckle . grimmel aw , you do not think I have actually hand you the night fury , do you ? ( beat ) he 's mine to kill . griselda that snake . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 89 . grimmel I intend to finish what I start . best of luck control they without a alpha . hiccup ( 0.s. ) ( shouting ) hold on , toothless ! toothless 's head suddenly turn , look hopeful . grimmel turn , alarmed . through the cloud that encircle New berk , he spot a distant speck , hurtle toward he . five other appear , further still . punch in on hiccup , glide from the height of the tower island , wing extend . astrid and the gang follow , scream battle cry . the twin collide sloppily . tuffnut cling desperately to ruffnut as she kick he . ruffnut let go ! snotlout weave , wildly out on control . snotlout could have use some practice ! fishlegs flap he undersized wing - suit flap , try to stay aloft with the extra weight of fishmeat in he backpack . fishleg I should have skip breakfast ! grimmel whirl the mount harpoon cannon , take aim at the squadron . but before he can line up the shot , hiccup careen into he , knock grimmel from he position on the airship arm , send he fly as the cannon spin on its gimbal . grimmel tumble , mid-air , and grab a rigging line , grasp desperately as it break he fall , leave he swinging . hiccup toothless ! toothless light up , elate . he roar to dragon : '' now ! '' the dragon break away from the soldier below , take to the air . on he command , cloudjumper , skullcrusher , and grump race back toward the island . hiccup collide with a billow sail , cushion he impact . he sink he dagger into the canvas . it tear as he own weight pull he down toward the deck below . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 90 . astrid and the gang stick polished landing alongside he . hiccup ( cont 'd ) perfect timing ! a hoard of soldier rush toward the group as they stand in formation behind hiccup . except for snotlout , who be dangle from the rafter by he cape again . hiccup ( cont 'd ) game face ! snotlout yeah ! what be you wait for ? get in there ! the gang draw weapon and charge into the fray , meeting the soldier head - on . above they , toothless struggle against the net that hold he , rip he muzzle apart with a roar . grimmel look down , suddenly concerned , as toothless take aim . grimmel leap out of the way as toothless 's blast destroy one of the airship arm , send it spiraling . grimmel cling to the fall airship and whistle a command to he deathgripper . below , astrid battle a soldier on a gangway . he parry she blow and corner she , raise he sword for the kill , when ... hiccup head up ! «+. hiccup cut a nearby rigging line , release a sail boom that sweep through and send the soldier fly off of the gangway . astrid beam at hiccup . astrid thanks . ( alarmed ) look out ! astrid throw she axe toward hiccup , who dodge as it whizze past and take out a soldier who be about to stab hiccup . relieved , hiccup smile back at astrid . hiccup thanks . in a romantic moment , they approach one another in slow motion . astrid grab a canister from hiccup 's belt , bite off the wax seal , and toss the gas-spew canister like a grenade to the deck below . hiccup light he Dragon blade and hurl it into the gas cloud . Soldiers panic and flee as ... httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 91 . .-. kaboom ! a fireball erupt , frame we enamor couple . astrid whistle for stormfly and point to hiccup , then to the sky . stormfly swoops in and pluck hiccup , carry he toward ... the airship , engulf in flame , drop steadily as the deathgripper struggle to keep it aloft . a freed deathgripper ram stormfly , knock hiccup out of she grasp . hiccup roll and dive through the airship 's inferno to get to toothless ... hiccup ( cont 'd ) I be come , toothless ! + . as grimmel shimmy down the chain to the Light fury . he twist a vial of venom into the Light fury 's bridal , subdue she into obedience . grimmel ( to hiccup ) you still think he care about you ?! let 's just see who he follow . he release a latch , spring the Light fury from she restraint . she fly off , groggy and obedient , carry grimmel on she back . toothless watch , raging and struggle against he tie . hiccup race to free he . hiccup I be sorry , bud ! for everything ! just as the flame airship crash into the sea , hiccup pull the release latch , freeing toothless . they explode from the epic splash , pull a comet trail of smoke . the attach deathgripper be drag undersea with the airship as hiccup and toothless tear off in pursuit of grimmel and the Light fury . hiccup ( cont 'd ) now let 's go get she ! the remain deathgripper head after they . ext . OPEN sea - ship deck - continuous a soldier yell a battle cry and charge the gang . tuffnut httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 92 . clock he from behind , then hurl he war hammer to ... .-. snotlout , who take out another soldier , then ... snotlout number two , come through ! «+. toss he hammer back to tuffnut , who effortlessly use it to knock out yet another . tuffnut surprise ! sorry about that ! snotlout come on ! snotlout roll over the tussle and grab the hammer , bring it down heavily to smash the lock off of a cage , freeing the goregutter within . snotlout ( cont ’d ) yeah ! one more freed , four to go ! try to keep up ! the goregutter roar and take to the air , pass fishlegs engage in combat on a upper deck . fishleg I get you back ! he push he adversary off of the deck then , see he friend about to be attack by a horde of soldier below , grab a line and hook , and swing down to they rescue , knock over soldier like a wreck ball . he land and eye the damage , impressed . fishleg ( cont 'd ) yeah ! it 's almost like we be a team ! the line and heavy hook swing back , knock fishlegs to the deck and send fishmeat tumble from he pouch . ivar the witless raise he sword to the baby . ivar the witless aw . you bring a baby to a battle ? fishleg un-uh . I would not do that if I be you . they look up to reveal the goregutter , roaring with rage as he fly in to protect fishmeat . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 93 . he crash through the mast , bring a storm of wreckage down upon the flee soldier . ivar the witless look out ! fishlegs beam , place fishmeat back into he pouch . fishleg God , I love that dragon . the warlord look on in shock , then turn to find themselves confront by eret , gobber , and valka , who have now arrive on they respective dragon . they brandish they weapon in invitation . gobber sorry we be late for the party . the warlord unsheathe theirs , fume . chaghatai khan you be right on time . ext . OPEN skie - continuous grimmel steer the Light fury past billow cloud , with hiccup and toothless in hot pursuit . he look back and grin . grimmel that 's it , that 's it ! he pass a bank of storm cloud , spot the rocky spire of New berk in the distance . he veer off toward they . toothless fire at grimmel , but he roll the Light fury , force she to take the heavy impact of the blast against she side . she yelp , drop in altitude . toothless call out , distraught . hiccup how be we go to get he off she back without hurt she ? ext . OPEN sea - ship deck - continuous back on the ship tuffnut surprise a soldier , drop to the deck in front of he , sword raise . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 94 . tuffnut fear the facial hair ! the soldier swipe impulsively , slice through tuffnut 's '' beard . '' it drop away from he chin in two halve , expose tuffnut 's baby - smooth face . he gasp , horrify ... ... then go full berserker -- scream and chasing the terrify soldier across the deck ... ... where gobber and ragnar be trading blow . gobber oh , I have miss this ! ragnar the rock I too ! ragnar knock gobber to the deck , then pause to notice a lone hobgobbler stare eerily from the railing . gobber smile . gobber see that there ? ragnar the rock aw. cute . gobber that 's a bad omen . you be curse ! suddenly , the hobgobbler shriek , signal a horde of hobgobbler to pour over the railing and chew apart the deck like hungry piranha . ragnar scream and flee for he life as gobber laugh . gobber ( cont 'd ) yes ! good on ye ! he notice a hobgobbler gnaw on he wooden peg-leg . gobber ( cont 'd ) eh , I guess you be not so bad after all . astrid silently appear behind the helmsman and deftly knock he out . she then spin the ship 's wheel and sink she axe into the deck , brace the wheel into a sharp turn . the deck lean heavily to port as the flagship collide with the battleship to she leave , beginning a chain reaction . trapper abandon ship ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 95 . Dragon cage slide across the pitch deck , collide and further the chaos . griselda and chaghatai become trap in one of they . freed dragon take to the air . the rescue team have succeed . the battle be win . astrid lead a cheer . astrid yeah ! CUT to : ext . OPEN skie - continuous sq . 3101 - hiccup 's sacrifice grimmel lead the chase through the tall , craggy rock of New berk . toothless and hiccup zigzag behind , close in . suddenly , the four remain deathgripper appear from behind a rocky spire , bombard hiccup and toothless ! hiccup uh , we have get problem . the deathgripper fire volley of acid . hiccup and toothless struggle to dodge . toothless grab a deathgripper and hurl it into a pass column . he then blast a pass rocky arch , bury another deathgripper in a explosion of boulder . but it do little to stop they -- they be relentless ! ext . new berk - plaza - continuous on the ground below , the berkian watch the pursuit with rapt intensity . viking take he down , hiccup ! the crowd cheer for they Chief . ext . OPEN skie - continuous the deathgripper clamp onto toothless , pile on and stabbing with they stinger . hiccup recoil on toothless 's back . hiccup we need a better plan ! and quick ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 96 . desperate , toothless come up with a idea . he narrow he eye , concentrate . his dorsal plate split apart . static begin to crackle between they . hiccup ( cont 'd ) uh , what ... what be you do ? amaze , hiccup see patch of toothless ' scaly skin begin to turn mirror-like , include the toothless scale on he own dragon armor . it suddenly dawns upon he what toothless be attempt . hiccup ( cont 'd ) okay ... okay ! he throw down he visor and tuck in . toothless focus and roar , commanding lightning to arc from the stormy sky and strike they as they drop from the sky . in a flash , they disappear . the attack deathgripper be electrocuted . ext . new berk - plaza - continuous the Viking gasp in awe as they watch the lightning blast illuminate the sky , follow by a complete disappearance of hiccup and toothless . ext . OPEN skie - continuous grimmel look back , baffle to see he lifeless deathgripper drop from the sky . he look around frantically . suddenly , hiccup and toothless re-materialize in front of he at close range . grimmel aaggh ! hiccup leap toward grimmel , throw open he wing . grimmel fire a dart from he crossbow . hiccup twist in the air , avoid it . the dart puncture he wing just as he crash into grimmel , knock he off of the Light fury 's back . hiccup look back to see that the dart have hit toothless ! he 's go down ! grimmel ( cont 'd ) you will kill both of we ! Fighting over a dragon ... that 's you plan ?! with grimmel cling to he , and toothless fall from the sky , hiccup make a desperate choice . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 97 . hiccup this be . he rip off the Light fury 's bridle ( with its vial of venom - tranquilizer ) . she shake off the grogginess , regain full awareness . she turn to hiccup . hiccup ( cont 'd ) save he . he let go , plummete with grimmel . distress , the Light fury watch he , then turn to toothless , fall unconscious . impulsively , she race off to rescue she mate . as hiccup fall , grimmel cling to he in vain . but hiccup be only focus on toothless , watch as the Light fury rescue he from he fall and haul he safely to a cliff-top . hiccup smile , relieved . grimmel grab he and begin tear apart he leather wing . hiccup try to kick he away , but grimmel cling to he prosthetic leg . then hiccup hear a impossible sound -- toothless 's signature dive - bomb whistle , grow closer ! he look up to see the Light fury racing toward he . he think fast and detach he prosthetic leg , freeing himself from grimmel ... grimmel nooooo000 ! +. as the Light fury swoops in and grab hiccup at the last second . she arc over the water as grimmel crash into the sea with a explosive splash . hiccup look up , stunne . the Light fury crane she head under she belly to meet he eye . she coo . hiccup ( shake ) see ? I know you have come around . CUT to : ext . new berk - moment later sq . 3201 - freedom the Light fury carry hiccup to the cliff and drop he by toothless ... httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 98 . ++. as the berkian and they dragon rush over . the rescue team arrive in tow , whooping and cheering . hiccup hop , one - legge , toward toothless , then fall to he knee and caress he . hiccup ( softly ) hey , good morning , Bud . there you go . toothless come to , open he eye groggily and lick hiccup . hiccup ( cont 'd ) Boy , you be full of surprise . hiccup look to the Light fury , skittish and stir in the center of the crowd , but , for once , make no attempt to flee . he gently wave she over , move away from toothless . hiccup ( cont 'd ) he 's all yours . he smile and hop back into astrid 's arm , give they room . the Light fury approach toothless , sniff and nuzzling he . he coo , lick she face . hiccup and astrid watch , smile . he pull astrid into a hug . valka smile proudly , then turn to snotlout . valka you know , eret may be bless with brawn ... but just between we , you have the brain . he beam , finally validate . snotlout number one . hiccup glance over at toothless , entwine with the Light fury . they eye meet . toothless look to the open horizon , then back to hiccup , a silent question in he gaze : '' be it time ? '' hiccup understand ... and nod . toothless pause , consider the weight of the decision , then nod back . hiccup peel away from astrid , take a deep breath . he hop over to toothless , steadying himself against he . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 99 . hiccup you be right , bud . it 's time . ( beat ) I be so busy fight for a world that I want ... I do not think about what you need . ( beat ) you have look after we for long enough . time to look after yourselves . he smile at the Light fury . astrid turn to valka . she in turn look to gobber . they nod . astrid nod and walk to stormfly , tear in she eye . she lay she forehead on stormfly 's horn . astrid oh stormfly , my good girl . bite she lip with resolve , she remove stormfly 's saddle , drop it on the ground . gobber give grump a pat , hold back tear . he unbuckle grump 's saddle and slide it off . gobber alright , grumpy . off you go . eret nod and follow suit , remove skullcrusher 's saddle . eret so long you big , ugly beast . i’1l miss you . in solidarity , the other Viking remove the saddle from they dragon , each take a moment to say goodbye , tear in they eye . they dragon seem confuse . valka caress cloudjumper 's muzzle , whisper to he lovingly . valka oh , cloudjumper . aw . tuffnut nudge ruffnut as they exchange heartbroken look . hiccup and toothless watch as the remain Viking remove they dragon 's saddle and say they goodby . he smile , tear in he eye . he turn to toothless and gently take he by the muzzle . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 100 . hiccup go on , bud. lead they to the Hidden World . you will be safe there . safer than you could ever be with I . toothless look to the Light fury , then back to hiccup , hesitant , conflict . he coo , he eye glisten . hiccup ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I love you too . and I want you to be free . toothless cock he head , eyeing he closely . hiccup ( cont 'd ) we world do not deserve you . yet . toothless reach out and pull hiccup into a embrace . hiccup hug he tightly . hiccup ( cont 'd ) go , toothless . hiccup let go , and in a reverse moment to when they first touched , he slowly pull he hand away from toothless 's muzzle . hiccup ( cont 'd ) go. toothless stare at hiccup in understanding . hiccup smile , tear in he eye . with a deep breath , toothless roar , commanding a exodus . the dragon break away from they Viking 's embrace and join he as he command they to leave . the Light fury take flight , lead the pack . the rest of the gang watch they dragon go , wiping away tear . the last dragon take flight , revealing that toothless have remain , stand at the edge of the cliff . he look back to hiccup one last time . hiccup nod . toothless return a solemn nod , then leap from the cliff and fly off to join the flock . the Viking gather together as the dragon recede into the distance . close on httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 101 . hiccup , watch they go . dissolve to : ext . new berk - plaza - day ( month later ) sq . 3401 - wedding in a montage , we see : New berk , snow - cover and now complete , far surpass Old berk 's former glory . a human paradise to match the dragon ' Hidden World , and a monument to the bygone age of dragon . colorful house gleam radiant in the sunlight . a giant stone statue of stoick stand in the main plaza . the entire population of New berk be gather . beneath the statue , hiccup and astrid stand face one another , dress in fine clothing , as gothi wrap they clasped hand in a ceremonial cloth . gobber and valka stand by , smile proudly . gothi touch the cloth with she staff and nod . the wedd couple kiss . spitelout to the Chief and chieftess ! gobber throw up he arm in a cheer . his wooden wedding bouquet - hand fly into the crowd ... and straight into eret 's hand . eret look up in surprise and smile . snotlout sniffle , try to hide he emotion . tuffnut pull he into he new and improve '' facial hair . '' tuffnut come . Cry into my full , thick beard . fishlegs burst into tear . fishleg oh , it 's so beautiful ! he throw himself into ruffnut 's arm . ruffnut Gross . ( then ) okay , you win . I like sensitive guy . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 102 . crowd cheer and celebration fill the plaza . dissolve to : ext . new berk - bluff - sunset hiccup and astrid walk hand in hand to the wind - buffete cliff of New berk . they gaze out toward a horizon no longer teeming with dragon . astrid rest she head on hiccup 's shoulder . valka , gobber , eret and the gang gather beside they on the bluff , surround the Chief and chieftess with pride . close on hiccup 's face . hiccup ( v.o. ) there be dragon when I be a boy . dissolve to : ext . OPEN sea - day ( year later ) sq . 3501 - epilogue close on young hiccup , 5 , eye fill with wonder . as we pull back , we realize that the boy be actually hiccup 's son , 3 , nestle in he grow father 's arm . older hiccup , 30 , stand on a Viking ship , he eye keenly focus ahead as the prow rise and fall in the sea spray . hiccup ( v.o. ) oh , there be great , grim sky dragon that nested on the cliff top like gigantic scary bird . Little brown scuttly dragon that hunt down the mouse and rat in well - organize pack . preposterously huge sea dragon that be twenty time as big as the big blue whale . older astrid , 30 , abandon the rudder at the stern and approach the bow , lead they daughter , 5 , by the hand . she have large braid pigtail and skull sewn into she fur clothing -- a miniature astrid . together , they peer through the mist that lie ahead . the roar of a massive waterfall grow deafen . httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 103 . hiccup ( v.o. ) some say they crawle back into the sea , leave not a bone nor a fang for man to remember they by . hiccup drop the anchor , just as the faint view of the great hole in the sea loom into view . hiccup ( v.o. ) other say they be nothing but folk tale to begin with . ( beat ) I be okay with that . silhouett on a lone rock by the waterfall 's edge , toothless lay stretch out like a proud lion stand guard . his ear plate perk up . he turn toward the ship . a moment later , the Light fury sit up , follow by three black & white baby ( night - light ) , all watch the ship with curiosity . toothless get to he foot and crouch aggressively , roll he shoulder like a panther about to pounce . his back plate split and glow blue . he take to the air , flap toward the ship . hiccup cringe . kaboom ! toothless land on the prow , rock the ship heavily . hiccup brace himself , shield he family . the kid scamper into astrid 's arm , frighten . she hold they close , uncertain if toothless will recognize they . hiccup offer a open palm . hiccup hey , hey there bud. remember I ? toothless rear up on he hind leg , glaring menacingly . behind they , astrid posture herself to protect she cower child . astrid it 's okay . hiccup look back at he family , then return to face toothless with he hand up in surrender . toothless sniff it , and suddenly a rush of recognition wash over he face . he throw he front claw around hiccup , toppling he over and cover he in slobbery lick . hiccup burst into laughter . hiccup I be glad to see you too , bud ! httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 104 . the kid squeal and bury they face into astrid . she laugh , relieved , as hiccup and toothless roll around on the deck . astrid he 's not go to eat you father . hiccup wriggle from under toothless , look he over . hiccup how 's the tail hold up ? probably could use some oil and a little fine tuning . astrid try to calm the rattle kid . astrid look , it 's okay ! they be friend ! hiccup look back at they and wave they over . hiccup here . astrid go on , it 's alright . hiccup come . he will not hurt you . astrid urge the kid forward . they cling to one another as they cautiously shuffle toward hiccup . toothless cock he head , gape with a broad , gummy smile . hiccup take they hand and position they , open palm toward toothless . hiccup ( cont 'd ) hold you hand out . like this ... ( beat ) that 's it . let he come to you . toothless sniff and slowly approach , touch they open palm with he snout . the kid 's utter soft gasp of amazement . Wide -ey smile flood they face . CUT to : httyd : the Hidden World - 12/05/18 - final ( deblois ) 105 . ext . OPEN skie - moment later toothless and hiccup rocket through the sky , spin , tumble , and fall through the cloud . hiccup 's son be tuck in front of he , loving every second . the Light fury weave around they . they youngster try to keep up , follow they mother like eager duckling . the night light fly right up to toothless and hiccup , one of they peer curiously at hiccup 's son . the boy reach out and in response , the little dragon squeak in delight and playfully paw at he hand . suddenly , stormfly explode across toothless 's path , give they a fright . they look up to see astrid and they daughter , laugh on she back . the young girl hoot and hollers , pleased that they best she dad and brother . hiccup ( v.o. ) legend say that when the ground quake , or lava spew from the earth , it 's the dragon ... let we know they be still here ... hiccup and he son exchange a mischievous grin . they crouch low to the saddle and pat toothless . he heave after they . hiccup «+. wait for we to figure out how to get along . hiccup spin over stormfly to drop he son on astrid 's shoulder , then circle around and extend a hand to he daughter . she grab it and leap onto toothless 's back . they playfully chase one another into the cloud . hiccup ( v.o. ) yes , the world believe the dragon be go , if they ever exist at all . ( beat ) but we berkian know otherwise . and we will guard the secret until the time come ... when dragon can return in peace . in a last burst of dazzle color , the dragon corkscrew into the blind sun . fade to white .