nee x . how do you know ? by dame L. brook White draft 5/29/09 jason loftus Philadelphia directo 's '' white draft 5/29/09 1 . fade in : ext . STREET - summer night 1 romantic night - and now move into camera the couple to prove it . lisa , a really pretty 27 year old woman who have make every sacrifice of mind , body and spirit in order not to feel the way she do at this moment : self - conscious and threaten by a vague set of ordinary emotion which , worst of all to she , serve no constructive purpose whatsoever . still , here she be , after a lifetime unafraid of anything , with fear poke secretly away at she while she date , matty , ( a '' hunk '' who be frequently mistaken for a '' catch '' ) be in the background cause a small flurry of excitement signing a autograph . . he look and see she fail to make the turn to he building . . matty ( call out ) Left ! Lisa bobble with distraction and then make the turn . she be quickly ensnare by she persistent troubling thought . on matty ... as he look at she and grin with impulse and a veteran 's sense of mischief base on deep appreciation of the night , she swirl skirt and the promise of simple pleasure . he come up behind she ear and respond to she yelp with the absolute truth . matty night 's so great . you look so good . just need to grab you . lisa huh . . sorry I do not .. but that quick he have lift and swirl she . then , maybe as she be just get into the ride , drop she . matty we be here .. he gesture with he head to a nearby apartment building , the best apartment building in town . white draft 5/29/09 2. ext . apt . bldg . - night 2 he walk toward the front door - the doorman greet he by name .. Lisa hesitates , ambivalent .. not she usual decisive self . lisa hey .. matty .. I may have to go back on what I say about finally see you place tonight .. there 's a lot on my mind right now and .. matty , unaccustom to even minor adversity , have a flash of well , not depression .. a flash of not feel fantastic . matty you sure ? lisa ( Light . .half laugh . .honest ) well , no . matty ( cowboy justice ) no pressure here . it should feel right . his John Wayne moral center impress Lisa . . but then he take several step back .. lisa that 's nice . thanks . why be you move away ? matty give you room to think and decide . the doorman also back off a few space . Lisa look at the two man stare at she . matty take you time . I get a kick out of watch you make up you mind . he mean it . he be have a good time give she space and enjoy the mystery . she move forward toward the door . white draft 5/29/09 3. lisa you have all the sign of a handful . matty hope so . she take a swing at he , a solid fist and perfectly balanced be to he stomach ... she be surprised by she own action .... int . elevator - night 3 lisa I be sorry do I hurt you ? matty dust get I more interested . he kiss she . int . matty' apt . - bedroom - morning 4 this be a truly expensive apartment -- we be now in the bedroom where there be a great many trophy in evidence besides we Lisa , who now lie next to she spanking new lover have more than hold up she end of the just conclude lengthy and athletic night of love make . she can not , however , quite match he grin . matty 's in a state of some wonder - celebrate the fact that hig expectation have be exceed . matty amazing .. female jock be amazing . lisa ( a level look ) could you personalize it a Little ? matty crack up .. matty ( enthusiastically ) right , right , right . . I mean it as tribute to you , Lisa jorgenson . come on , it be amazing , huh ? that be unbelievable . lisa fishing for a compliment ? white draft 5/29/09 4. matty ( exuberant ) i be fishing for a celebration . lisa I have to get go . she scoops up she clothes and groan over how wrinkle she dress be ag she move toward the bathroom . we move with she -- perhaps note perfect long smooth muscle in she arm and leg . matty ( o.c. ) there 's a fresh toothbrush in the right hand drawer . int . matty' apt . - bathroom - day 5 she stand in front of the sink now and open the right hand drawer . angle on drawer two dozen unused toothbrush line up -- all in unbroken glass container . she take this in then break open the container and be brush she tooth when there be a.. knock on the door .. she open it .. matty you do not have to wear that dress home . he move past she and open a cabinet where there be a stack of unopen woman 's sweat . matty medium ? he hand she a package . she react with extreme distaste .. matty what ? lisa the stack be a little --- repulsively unromantic . matty no it 's not . it 's classy . I be be a good host here . white draft 5/29/09 lisa it 's like I '' on a assembly line spitting out girl . matty that 's just negative . be not we all on a assembly line - go through each other 's life until one day we close down the factory , take home a product and use it monogamously for the rest of we life ? she start put on she dress . lisa matty , my mistake . . forget about it . matty if I hide the rest and give you one I would be a great guy . . but because I be open with you ... she move past he head for the front door . lisa dust forget it ! matty ( cont 'd ) too bad . camera move ahead of they int . matty 's apt . - hallway / bedroom 6 this be purposefully a traditional romantic vignette of hurt woman , with a backbone , about to express herself with forceful exit .. it 's why door be make to slam . and then that quick she catch herself - hold the door in pre-slam wind - up then turn toward he , genuinely apologetic . . lisa hey matty ... what be I do ? I know better .. '' do not judge anybody before you check yourself out . you be lucky when it 's you fault because then you can correct the situation . '' ( work it out as if with a friend ) white draft 5/29/09 6. lisa ( cont would ) I be nervous over something and a little worried so I end up with , a attractive guy who you would have to be a idiot to mistake for serious material .. for anything but a fun friendship -- and rather than accept the evening as a chance to hide out from myself with some really amazing sex , I start to give he a hard time for just be who he be . I really apologize . please , forgive I . matty you may be my '' dream girl . '' she grab she panty and exit . lisa you take care . matty what be you worried about , anyways ? lisa ( forcefully ) nothing ! I can not believe I be whining about it . crap ! as she turn away . ext . STREET - day 7 Lisa -- wrinkle dress -- stop —~ take run shoe from she purse and put they on . . she then move purposefully . - she walk arrest in its precision and power . .. pass people . .. she ig in a hurry .. int . subway - day 8 Lisa stand -- she face tight ext . middle CLASS STREET - near lisa' apt . - day 9 as Lisa move down a lower middle class block to she apt . 10 11 12 white draft 5/29/09 7. int . apartment house - day 10 as she stop at the foot of the stair to open a compartment and withdraw a weight vest which she put on .. and then begin to hop up the stair two at a time .. it 's a hell of a stunt .. as hard as it look and this image , of athlete strain , while wear a hopelessly wrinkle party dress be strangely a very appropriate image for what await she . int . lisa 's apt . - day . 11 easily as many trophy as matty ( include two Olympic gold medal ) .. inevitable row of team picture , she care about team . ( note : how they be display be a project for we . ) Furniture be very basic ..one of that L shape room with the bend of the '' L '' consider the bedroom -- pullout sofa . . she walk directly to a desk on which sit she computer . close on computer Lisa pause over the key . she sniff the air , oxygen she long time elixir . she do not touch the key ; instead move off and leave the scene . we hear the shower start . int . lisa' apt . - close on lisa - a bit later 12 as she sit again at the computer . here 's the thing about this moment . in the truest sense of the word we be witness a act of private bravery . Lisa 's life , as she know it and have live it , be on the line . yet , the sign be small as she weigh she dicey option for survival . close on computer as Lisa hit the site of the '' UNITED states national softball association . '' she click on '' new roster of player '' .. and then read : '' this year 's roster be delaye . '' on lisa she be strike by forebode and simultaneously beat the feel back . her finger take action .. she click she way to on - line tickete and confirm '' least expensive '' trip to Phoenix . a cute tone confirm she have score for a ticket . 13 14 white draft 5/29/09 8. ext . national team athletic complex - tracking with lisa 13 it be off -seagon but there be college athlete and national player work on some drill which look enormously hard to do . when the player spot Lisa they stop immediately . .a subtle flurry of hero worship ensue . . she exchange a deep hug with one or two of she teammate . . int , athletic department - women 's wing - edit BAY - day 14 this be the home of champion . Olympic memorabilia in evidence . NCAA Champion cup , etc . she be draw to one crowded editing bin cubicle where coaches and a few athletic tech support person watch a television set in a darken area . as she pass sally , a assistant coach ( late 30' - early 40' -- clearly athletic look ) call to she . sally hey .. my fave . what be you do here ? I do not think I would see you till the Jersey clinic . we be just editing the promotional video . ( to student editor ) show she part .. Lisa indicate she would rather not .. Sally gesture forcefully that she should see it . lisa just for a minute . before the student editor scroll the image , Lisa be there stick out she hand . lisa Lisa jorgenson . the student be flatter and give she name , Jane . lisa good to meet you . Lisa retreat to the background . we alternate between the monitor and Lisa , who be a little self - conscious be eye by other as she witness she own past glorey . on monitor white draft 5/29/09 9 . announcer co-captain and second baseman Lisa jorgenson - end Australia 's rally .. and secure the cup . . the United States win its 7th world championship . we see a montage of Lisa 's steller play in this game end with a backdoor slide , scoring the win run , after which she roar in competitive exultation at the oppose catcher . announcer ( horribly fake chuckle ) Captain jorgenson be the mother hen of the celebration . various shot .. Lisa make sure everyone be take care of .. she stop one of the player from take off she shirt ala brandy chastain .. she be also try to gather she teammate to shake hand with the Australian team . . she herself provide spirite consolation to the Australian girl , simultaneously fight off she own teammate who be try to lift she on they shoulder and somehow get they to lift the coach instead .. we additionally see she lift Sally - - a tearful moment for each . on lisa strangely turn shy by the feeling evoke . enough . lisa enough . . on the video , the star and stripe be raise . . she successfully fight off emotion but comment be require . lisa whew . as Lisa prepare to leave the room . sally do coach call you here ? lisa nope . just think I should speak to he while it could still maybe do some good . 1s int . athletic dept . hallway / coach office - day 15 Sally follow she into the hallway . 16 white draft 5/29/09 10 . sally wow ... the roster 's never be this late .. but no .. you can not be on any bubble . . lisa I be in the top box of he triangle of success chart in 17 of the 19 category . sally well , oh my God then , so why ? you think ' cause cam be on the college team here he could go with she ? no. she 's not there yet .. dust honestly . lisa it 's just the last couple of day a alarm ' 's go off and it feel more like .. truth than nervous crap . sally well , hell -- go in . find out for sure you be okay and we will grab a beer . Lisa nod ... and walk toward the office . the nameplate next to the door read '' william smith head coach . '' Sally can not resist get in she ear to render last minute coach when she see Lisa tense . sally ( sotto ) confident , confident , relaxed , confident .. you be the best . Sally peal off and Lisa pause a beat . it 's game face time . int . coach smith's office - day 16 she enter the coach 's office overplay she sense of security and confidence by a mile or so . lisa hey , coach . how 's it go ? william smith be a good look guy who excel at push and manipulate other . he be surprised to see Lisa . coach smith hey , you . what 's do ? 17 18 white draft 5/29/09 11 . lisa you have a minute ? coach smith sure . lisa I have be follow the training guide you send but do two a day and I have shave my time where you want by point 8 . coach smith really good ... but two a day can create different kind of problem . lisa okay , 1 /11 stop . good see you . thanks for the time . coach smith sure . she exit . int . airplane - day 17 as she sit in a full plane return to Washington d.c... open a old play book -- she be ' act '' as if she be untrouble even though no one be watch . ext . athletic field - day - very close on lisa 18 liga work out with several girl from the national team . . she be field hot fungoe in a circle with teammate .. little grunt .. small off - camera utterance , as they encourage each other .. Lisa 's phone start to ring -- she hear the distinctive music , turn , and , not see the ball come at she , take one hard on the face . she have a bloody lip .. the injury be close to a absolute non - event for she . she spit some blood with enviable expertise as she walk to she bag on the sideline . lisa it better be worth it . ( she answer she phone ) hello . intercut with : 19 white draft 5/29/09 12 . int . office - day 19 GEORGE madison , in he mid 30s . if anyone fault he as colorless it be because they have never pause on a foggy morning to consider the vibrancy of grey .. he be solid : solidly educate , solid in think and deed and carry through . and , of course , so many mention of the word '' solid '' portend that he will soon break apart from the intensity of some serial migfortune which will make it forever impossible ( as a character will soon remark ) to ever again be the person he be at this moment . GEORGE hi. ( check a piece of paper ) liga ... this be George madison . do riva tell you that she give I you number ? lisa no. GEORGE she say it might be a good idea for we to have dinner together . lisa oh..well , let I call she ... when do you have in mind ? GEORGE no . I be not call to set a time . she do not know I be see someone -- well , she do not know that it have escalate a bit , at least on my part -- it just add up for I suddenly and ... ( catch himself at give too much information ) well , anyway ... Lisa seize on the fun of he oddness .. she grin , blood from the hit on she lip cover she front tooth . lisa ...80 you be call I to break up . her teammate gather around on hearing this -- she grin a bloody grin and gesture that the call be off the chart goofy . so much so she be enjoy herself . white draft 5/29/09 13 . GEORGE I just do not think ... a woman enter he office with George 's secretary , annie , a few step behind try to stop she . . they be briefly out of focus , as we remain concentrate on the phone call as George attempt to do the same . woman George madison ? he nod - but indicate he have a call to complete . Annie give a short hand whisper message . annie she just .. the rudeness . . George nod , pat the distraught Annie on the back . GEORGE ( into phone ) I be sorry .. I get distract . what be I say ? lisa '' you just do not think .. '' GEORGE right .. thank you. ( to Annie ) thank you . the woman ig surprised , unaccustom to be thank . woman ( ironically ) you be welcome . she exit . GEORGE ( into phone ) thank you for hold .. I just do not think it be right not to phone you once I take you number in case she have talk to you and you be expect my call . lisa uh-huh . okay , then ... it be nice of you to call in a way I guess . 20 white draft 5/29/09 14 . GEORGE right . sorry for interrupt you day . lisa yeah . GEORGE Goodbye . he hang up and mutter to himself ..unconscious to the fact that he be do so .. GEORGE couldihavesoundedstranger ? he look down at the folder for the first time . GEORGE oh my God . int . university hallway - late afternoon 20 as a class break the student . . ( grad student ) flow out ... sign , blackboard , etc. indicate that it be a physics classroom ... . George be off to the side send a text message ... we read it . george' text message dad ? it 's important that we talk . I need some guidance and maybe ron should be fold in as well . 1'11 be in early - okay - be well . he finish and look off into space and shudder suddenly and unexpectedly . . register surprise . it 's a first . he have never shudder before . now the physics professor come into view . this be terry dreiser , she be in the argument for the smartest woman alive - a physicist whose mind hold the promise of one day explain it all to we . she be surprised to see he .. terry George , be I wrong , do not I tell you I be crash on the book tonight ? she hold up the portable data plug which contain all she work ... 21 white draft 5/29/09 1s . GEORGE yeah , you do .. I just .. I be not go to stay around . int . cramped academic office - day 21 as they enter --- she work be all laid out for she .. a wait work cocoon of perfect read light . .book .. two computer and many , many stack of research .. she must move sideways to get into the cramped work area where she put her data plug into its computer port and the screen come alive with physics . . word and computation . terry maybe that 's better for tonight . I do not know why I agree to this delivery date .. damn I and my need for approval . . sorry . she slide into the cocoon -- no small feat . GEORGE sure . it be nice see you face for a minute . settles I down . terry anyway , I think I know what it be that 's bother you .. George be puzzle by this . terry ( crossing to he . ) if you be concerned about we now that we have intensify .. we be okay . I be busy so I can not demonstrate to you that we be okay in all the little way like pay attention to you .. but if you could just take my word for it until the work let up that would really help I ... and us. ( beguile ) I think I like that word better . us. GEORGE ok. terry thanks . kiss . 22 23 white draft 5/29/09 16 . she slide out with some difficulty . . he kiss she . terry hot kiss . he hot kiss she . she moan , pull he closer with a long leg .. Terry have the ability to get instantly hot ... and when she very plump brain cell get that blood flow , insight result . terry ( hot and free ) do not let I get away with too much - that will never work for I ~ do not be too low maintenance that 's a tick bomb .. but thanks for understanding this one . George be get arouse ... but not for long . she break off . terry see . we be good . he nod and exit as she turn back to she work , then turn realize a beat late that she turn - on and sudden turn - off be sort of funny / strange .. she flash a good guy smile and shrug . ext . great campus - day 22 as George walk off -- he move past a outdoor job fair where dozen of corporation be interview soon to be mba 's potential employee .. a assembly line where the biggest start to package the best . ext . running area - national mall - early morning 23 a foot race in progress ... Lisa pound the composite surface alongside a girl , riva , maybe eight year young . Lisa , even while run remember something suddenly . . lisa ( gasp ) gotta talk to you after . riva ( gasp less ) I will wait for you at the finish . 24 white draft 5/29/09 17 . lisa sense of humor . she turn it on and it be fiercely competitive -- '' full out '' as few experience the term . riva win barely . camera remains looking straight up the track as each of the woman go to a different side of frame to heave . it be a common occurrence . ext . outdoor area - day 24 the two woman have just order breakfast . lisa so ... you give my number to a guy ? riva yeah . I hardly know he ..he go to business school with my brother ... lisa how come you give he my number anyway ? riva you do not remember Wednesday night -- you say you have never date a non - athlete and maybe you should try one . . lisa I do ? riva yeah . lisa do not listen to I when I be drink Guinness . riva it 's the only time you really say stuff . lisa ( briefly worried ) I hope that 's not true . 25 white draft 5/29/09 18 . int . george' office - day 25 George be seat at a gide chair .. Annie open the door and be quickly shove aside by George 's father charle , vibrant with a energy which leave no doubt he come up through sale and ron , the company 's legal counsel , who seem to squirt Protestant gene as he walk with perfect posture . GEORGE good morning , dad ... charle you say , bring the company lawyer .. George hand he father the subpoena . . ron read over Charles 's shoulder . they each react instantly -- simultaneously shake ... Charles do not trust himself to speak ..he hand the paper to ron and pace off . ron ( to Charles ) they be apparently investigate we for possible misstatement of receivable to inflate earning . charle what do you know about this ? GEORGE nothing . but I be responsible . charle what be you be noble . .? GEORGE I be tell you what all recent legislation say . if it 's true and I do not know , I should have . charle the goddamn government 's 's become like this horrible , punish mommy - ron could you ask you assistant to come in -- we be go to have to respond immediately . white draft 5/29/09 19 . GEORGE Excuse I , Annie ... could you please come on in and bring you laptop ? Annie enter and look at George -- worried about he . . she have work for he for some time . she adore he . ron be clearly grave . ron all this item mention -- you must have check whether we have actual receipt of fund before we talk to the analyst .. GEORGE no.. most of they come from dad 's office so I assume ... his father make a strangle half - bark of a noise and George glance at he . charle you do not assume or trust anyone . . not he .. certainly not I .. ron good guideline I be afraid . GEORGE ( continue ) .. with everyone work creatively on the new line I think I would wait until .. another noise from dad . Annie stand just behind he -- she be unable to conceal the concern and emotion bear of she ferocious loyalty to George . GEORGE just a second , dad ... there 's a overall involved here . my approach be different than yours be , which I try to make clear when I take over , and it 's to get finance and legal out of the way of the creative . Charles make a disparage noise then : charle ( about to take over ) okay , now ... ~~~ white draft 5/29/09 20 . GEORGE ( softly but firm ) let I finish , please . charle no. drivel do not get to finish . drivel get interrupt . George continue nonetheless . his earnestness be palpable and , give he audience , ill advise . GEORGE so ... shaping the corporate culture may not bring result as quickly on the income statement as just eliminate job and wack expense . but , with patience it will work and , when it do , you have puilt something . charle ( shout ing ) you be a fuck moron . ( catch himself ) too rough .. ron much too rough . GEORGE do not use that language in front of Annie . charle okay . I catch myself . now may I get back to the fuck , sorry Annie , the fuck , sorry again Annie ... point ! ( to George ) you talk '' creativity '' to I ? you m.b.a./c.p.a . you be a number man . you have one job you be suite for and that 's to be practical pig and make sure we build with brick here . you be suppose to know the temper of this time -- in particular .... the one spirit draining fact of we life : ( resume ) white draft 5/29/09 21 . charle ( cont would ) we be potential raw material for the blame industry .. all it take be for one of we to stumble on any of the trip wire we government have plant .. and the booby trap be sprung ... how many former major man must shuffle past you into ruin pefore you realize we life depend on never forget that any executive stupid enough ... ( have commit to anger he tap into a well of genuine rage ) ...to sell he product with too much enthusiasm or optimism ... ( parenthetical think ) ... and God forbid cause anyone to expect that he firm may make a extra penny or two in whatever quarter be about to sucker punch we with more competition from a unregulate foreign country .. Charles stumble with near miraculous smoothness to he original think . charle ( continue ) ..- will be bury alive .. camera move to feature Annie who be have a out - of - body experience hearing the favorite boss of she life so rake over the coal . charle ( continue ) I have overlook every limitation I know you to have because you be my son . and you be a good guy , as every prick with half a brain who ever take advantage of you know absolutely . but there be a bottom line which , because of you notion of trust and ... ( none have say the next word with such sarcasm ) '' creativity , '' we may inevitably be force to crawl on by some assistant U.S. white draft 5/29/09 22 . charle ( cont would ) Attorney who at this moment be answer a roommate want ad in Brighton and , as he first professional act , will slay we for he 80 thousand a year , as he migrate to a future of defend we for million a year .. and if this almost - make - the-law review creature pin I between a choice of save you or the company I found and you preside over I think you should know that I will choose the company even though do so may break my life forever ... which be finally my fault for hand you a job where you assumption or notion of trust can cause such calamity ! suddenly , in a visceral reflex , Annie take a swing at Charles .. George grab she hand stop she just in time . she be shocked by she own action . annie ( sotto to George ) my god , sorry . Charles have not notice .. ron , who witness the episode , be about to confront Annie but George move quickly , address he father and thereby force a change of focus . GEORGE that might have be better in private .. to my knowledge I do nothing wrong but , even if I do , I do not want anyone save I . ron , why do not you have Annie take down what you need ? ( pointedly ) okay ? he be clearly ask ron to overlook Annie 's swing . ron ( a beat then ) alright .. you should go home now and think about interview attorney . I do not know whether circumstance will allow the company to pay ..- charle the company will pay ! white draft 5/29/09 23 . Charles cross to George as ron begin dictating to Annie whose finger fly across the key with world class speed , even while try to get the upper hand on she emotion . a legalize preamble begin in the background . . note research for exact copy . George begin to feel he life slip on its foundation . his father interrupt he dismal reverie . charle George , do not take what I just say personally . Charles 's lip pucker and he move in for a kiss on George 's cheek . as George move he head out of range . GEORGE ( incredulous ) do not take it personally ? charle ( anguish ) I be out of body . non-specific anger . it be strange . I care about two thing : you and this place . so I go off .. but , no matter what , I love you . Charles 's lip pucker again . George decide to accept this , nonetheless he have find he own bottom line . GEORGE I would rather you do not kiss I right now . charle understood . as George prepare to exit , Annie , even as she continue to type , feel the need to call out to he . annie George , everything will be fine . GEORGE thank you . ron give Annie a admonish look . annie {decisively to ron ) it will ! 26 white draft 5/29/09 24 . ron to the justice Department . . the individual 's name be on here ... . all document relate to loan application . . all financial statement , include but not limited to general ledger , journal , balance sheet and income statement of George madison , Chief executive Officer ... ron have pace the the window and look out as he continue ron ( continue ) all document relate to corporate travel ... ron' Pov ext . office build / int . george' office : intercut - day 26 George have exite the building and stand momentarily daze before move on . ron just a minute .. ( he speed dial he phone ) follow be intercut between ron at the second floor window and George who stop in the street , other flow by . GEORGE hello ? ron I have be through thing like this and I would like to give you some difficult advice .. if you would like to hear it . George pause .. actively consider whether he do .. finally : GEORGE ( into phone ) okay . ron accept the enormity . give up illusion of containment . white draft 5/29/09 25 . ron ( cont would ) the hardest fact of all be that , no matter what the outcome , it be unlikely that you can ever again be the person you have be until now . GEORGE okay , thanks . look , let I call you later . ron sorry . any other contact now would be inappropriate . good luck , George . he hang up and as ron continue in the bg George continue he walk toward he be-cloude future as we lose he in the crowd . ron' voice all document relate to business expense include but not Limited to consultant salaries , petty cash and temporary employee . all personal record of George madison c.e.0. , include but not limited to general ledger , journal , balance sheet and income statement . the term '' document '' include but be not limited to all personal file , telephone message and log , include but not limited to e-mail , schedule , work sheet , book pamphlet , summary , proposal , photograph , work data , graph , research material , prospectuse ... all document request express as '' herein '' shall also be take to mean related to , concern ... the voice trail off as we leave the scene . ext . great apt . bldg . - night : 27 we recognize matty 's neighborhood . .. the doorman . int . matty 's bedroom - night 28 total darkness .. matty 's voice now ? white draft 5/29/09 26 . lisa' voice no. .wait . matty' voice ( strain ) now ? lisa' voice ( passionate yet strangely polite ) well , I would rather you wait . matty' voice ( attempt confidence ) no problem .....- now ? !? lisa' voice could you please stop ask that ? matty' voice sorry ....but ... well ..n.. soon , eventually , sometime ? lisa 's voice now ....- ( visceral orgasmic comment ) thank you . matty voice ( equally impassion and earnest ) you be welcome . . great mutual expression of pleasure in a jumble ..i.e . '' lady and gentlemen , a ten . . '' '' you be good ... " " you be good ... '' lead to : lisa 's voice it take two . matty at least . in the dark we hear Lisa laugh despite herself . lisa creep .. I be glad I come over . I be just get so , what 's the word ? anxious .... because ... matty sure thing .. 29 white draft 5/29/09 27 . he clap he hand simply and quickly , the light come on . Lisa shield she eye and yelp ..- lisa you clap you hand to pring on the light the minute we finish ? i? matty why ? what 's wrong ? lisa clap you hand and that dumb light make I feel like .....---- matty wait no ..do not tell I ... I think I get it . like I be not think about you .. sorry . what should I do ? lisa turn they off . matty you wanna turn they off yourself ? ( hold programmer ) it 's kind of .. lisa grow up . matty ( earnestly ) no ... she swat he .. the light go off . matty voice it be a little fun to do , be not it ? she laugh despite herself . matty , pleased that he have disarm she , press the point , broadly read she mind . int . terryns apt . - night 29 Terry be sit at she work space .. look uncomfortable . George be sit -- work he phone and he psyche . white draft 5/29/09 28 . GEORGE ( as he dial ) hi. this be George . be he there ? ( incredulous ) he still have not check in ?!? well , tell he I need to talk to he . . thank you .. have a good day . ( after hang up ) where be everybody ? anyway , the basic be all in my favor .. I write they down . ( read from list ) one .. I do not do anything . one '' b '- I do not agree with my father .. the legal system , though overload , be about find the truth . two ... '' you have not say a word .. terry I be sorry .. just think . a beat as she gnaw at she lip .. glance at he then away . he try another speed dial . GEORGE hi , be Bryant there yet ? this be George . I need to speak with he .. reach he as soon as you can . ( then to Terry ) well tell I . you must have some reaction . terry I have one . I be just not proud of it . it 's just I be analytical . ( realize she must offer more ) I be think of my work and how weak gravity be ... ( on he confuse reaction ) let I explain the think .. we build this elaborate machine - this giant collider to amplify gravity just to get something measurable . GEORGE ( mumble ) isitmeorisither ibetitsme . white draft 5/29/09 29 . terry ( make she point ) while you be talk , I related the weakness of gravity to you capacity for feel good right now and how I would fail if I try to be one of that machine for you . use all my energy to produce a drop of well be in you . that 's what I think . George do not follow at all . GEORGE since I would really like to understand what you just say , could you do I a favor and talk down to I ? she smile , truly enjoy he remark , take a breath ( something like a athlete get ready for exertion ) and then whisper a final intimacy to he before conclude . terry this be for we . I swear it . she kneel before he chair , look up at he . okay , maybe that 's not love light in she eye but it sure contain some kindness and affection as it get to the core truth . terry we be not well match for this interval in you life . not with I against this deadline . and you -- be investigate . we would not survive . I do not want we relationship to become cannon fodder for this apparition in you work life . i’1l be there for you at the end . you can count on that . George have to maneuver past some disbelief before he get it . GEORGE you want to split up until I be problem free ..? terry no . GEORGE you be break up .-- 30 white draft 5/29/09 30 . terry ( correct he ) _.. hitting the pause button .. we on hold so we do not waste precious energy on ... stuff . you think I be be horrible . I think I be be smart .. for we . George have a adrenaline rush which crack he composure . . maybe even a slight stutter as he say : GEORGE okay . just explain to I . . would you mind tell I .. ' cause this part seem to be bother the hell out of I ..how can you be so perfectly compose right now ? terry no , you be misread I . I be rattle . ( on he reaction ) yes .. this be I rattle . GEORGE well , I disagree . terry I think I be the best source for my own feeling . calmly , studiously even , George go to she desk and grab her data port from the computer ... she scream and shout as a mother would for a endangered child .. GEORGE that be you rattle ! he put the port on she desk and exit . she call after he . . terry cheap parlor trick . I mean it ! riz be here at the end . I do love you . he exit . int . stairwell - night 30 George , barrel down the stair and then , quite suddenly , he stop - stark still and shout to the heaven . ( alt. sudden quiet realization . -) 31 32 33 white draft 5/29/09 31 . GEORGE I have terrible taste in woman . int . george' apartment - night 31 a decorate upscale apartment . George just sit there , propel by a gust of anxiety , he go to the refrigerator . other angle as he make himself a bloody Mary : vodka , mix , tabasco , and , since we be civilized here , 4 stalk of celery in glass .. int . GEORGE 's apartment - night 32 time passage . . focus on the drink we note the time passage by watch the celery stalk wither from the frequent spraying of alcohol , mix and tabasco , then the last of the mix -- then straight vodka and celery stalk alone at last .. int . george' apartment - night 33 on GEORGE he be looped . it help he perspective . .. he be even able to go for another round with he phone . GEORGE hi , this be George . . you still have not get back to I ... ( new number ) hi , George .. I have leave four message with you which say they be '' urgent '' .. and you know I tend to underplay , so I can not understand you failure to call back . ( new number and horrible imitation of a game host ) '' hi , George here .. you may have just win thousand of dollar '' - will you call back now .. ( he crack up ) you still have not lose you sense of humor , have you , pal ? he hang up . stillness then the phone ring . he do a broad , '' thing be look up take '' then answer . white draft 5/29/09 GEORGE hello .. int . annie 's apt / int . george' apt : intercut - night annie be wear jammy . annie hi , boss .. how you do ? it 's not too late ? GEORGE no , fine and thanks for the call . annie I can not sleep . I do not know what get into I this morning .. I never take a swat at anyone but .. well , I do know . I be almost seven month pregnant and I be sure it 's a girl because it 's this hormonal mushroom cloud inside I . GEORGE hey , you be pregnant ?. . so good . .huh ? that guy who pick you up sometimes . . Al ?.. ( a little emotional ) he light up every time he see you . annie yeah ..we really .. thanks .. he 's great but out of work and we have just be marathon worry , so I be hot I lately .. so this morning when you father ... GEORGE do not worry about it . annie do you tell Terry about what happen to you ? GEORGE I ’a@ rather not go into that . annie she bail ? she be such a cun ... what 's wrong with I ? I never say that word in my life . I be nut . 32 . 34 white draft 5/29/09 33 . GEORGE well , to be honest .. I appreciate the sentiment . they have a small , self - conscious laugh together . .her mark by abide affection which lead quickly to a misstep . annie you be a great boss . you go call another girl ... forward motion ; distract yourself . . they can not stop outside girl from talk to you . GEORGE be that it ? they be direct people not to talk to I ? annie _.. the lawyer have I sign a confidentiality statement where I be liable financially if i..and with this new gituation ... oh , the hell with everything -- what do you want to know ? so I lose a job -- wait no , I can not ... the medical would lapse .. and I have get to take care of my baby .. Al have not propose yet and even if he do we can not afford to .. she start to cry . GEORGE you will not lose you job . I promise .. that be not go to happen . do not tell I anything . good night , Annie . annie good night boss . I be just die for you . GEORGE ( what do he do with that . one ) well ..i.. thanks . he hang up .- now too drunk to be scared he do something approximate think .... then go to '' call dial '' on he cell .. find 's Lisa 's name and hit the button . we hear her answer . white draft 5/29/09 34 . GEORGE hello .. ( check name he dial ) Lisa .... George ...-- George madison . well , I be not sure how to identify myself further . 35 int . bus / int . george' apartment : intercut - night 35 Lisa on she phone on the way home . she be wear one of matty 's sweat shirt . the follow be intercut . lisa you voice sound a little familiar . GEORGE I make this incredibly stupid phone call to you a couple of day ago ? lisa oh , sure .. how you do , George ? . GEORGE sorry to be call so late . not right . lisa it 's okay . what 's up ? GEORGE would you have dinner with I ? lisa but be not you ..? GEORGE no , no .. I / m not , .no ... I be not . I be mistaken to think that . it seem very clear that I be not . you see ... lisa you do not have to explain . we can have a meal . when ? GEORGE anytime . 36 37 38 white draft 5/29/09 35 . lisa well , tomorrow 's clear . yeah , okay .. I can find it .. in 1ll meet you there . but it have to be early .. 6:00 . I be in training . GEORGE ( delighted ) okay .. it 's a date . ( pleased with himself ) I make a date . goodnight . he hang up , leave Lisa to react . int . lisa' apt . - morning 36 she be fast asleep on she pull - out sofa as she be awaken by a phone ringing in the b.g ... she have sleep 50 fitfully that it take she a bit of time to free herself from the sheet and blanket ; which she do with great energy ..by the time she get to she cell phone , which be attach to its charge , it have stop ... she look at the name of the person who have call , " Sally . " she clenches .. she go to she computer and start it ... under she e-mail be a unopen correspondence from '' the United States softball federation ... subject : U.S.A national team roster . '' she go for the moment of click it open , almost as a weight lifter summoning all strength for the lift .. but , at the last minute , forebode stop she cold and she do not hit the key - the phone ring again . . in retreat from the decisive event of she life she exit to : int . bathroom - morning 37 she take a toothbrush and start to cry so suddenly that it come as a shock to she ... she begin to vigorously brush she tooth , ali the while the phone ringing in the bg . .stopping and ringing again .. a great many people be call she . she look in the mirror give herself a ferocious , get a grip , look . she exhales with power and reenter the live room . int . live room - morning 38 she sit down and write a note to herself . it steady she . she pick up the phone . scroll past the name of the teammate who have call she .. . she shut off she phone -- and with enormous suddenness hit the computer key and engage the document and whatever it state .. lisa and the roster white draft 5/29/09 36 . it take considerably longer to catch on when you name be not there than when it be . _ and she 's be nowhere to be find . her gaze pause over the name cam Austin , 2nd base . there be no way to exaggerate the scale and heft of this trauma . even the word '' rape '' be no exaggeration - a sudden and pervert intimacy with the core of you identity . so the moment be odd ... out of body .. she go to the phone .. hit a speed dial . lisa daddy ? hey . I just hate to have to 's tell you this .. they take cam over I . no .. I '' sure . they do . I have really double check . . trust I . ( life long habit have she respond to he urging despite she own feeling ) okay , once eka ) : and so she look at the list again . she be start to feel the upset of it all -- lisa well , it still be not there .. well , I do not think it make sense either put they make they choice . no , I do not want to get mad . that ' 's not go to help . daddy , I call because you have to hear it from I and to ask that you do I a favor and not get too ---- ( try to find the word and when she do it 's a tough one ) '' sad '' ..over this . .sure . . okay .. maybe I be a little angry . .- maybe . ( a dutiful daughter she be beginning to feel rage ) because I want to take this in without be a jerk about it . can we please drop it ? please !! I do not want to be angry right now . she throw the phone suddenly and violently across the room where it shatter something .. a beat . . she walk over and pick up the phone . lisa ( cont ’d ) daddy ? yeah , hi . . the phone slip . look , . would you mind if I get off now .. just do not be sad .. I do not know what I be go to do .. I have a goal treat it like a injury ... ( read from she note ) 39 40 white draft 5/29/09 37 . lisa ( cont would ) '' which require more toughness than the game itself and be the ultimate test of character . '' Love you . ext . george' office build - day 39 about to enter . his father intercept he . charle I need to catch you before you go in . I be with the board all night . I almost quit .. but they say that would make thing worse . they have cut you loose . you have to lawyer up immediately . GEORGE we do not have to do this on the street . let 's go to my office and ... charle there be no office . int . GEORGE 's office build . - outside GEORGE 's office - dawo close on door lock as a locksmith punch it out leave a neat hole and take out the new lock he be about to install . George look on with four security officer and ron , the company lawyer . ron you copy of the subpoeno document request be file meanwhile you can only remove absolutely personal item not pay for in full or part by the company or have any connection to the .... ( on George 's look ) I be not the bad guy , George . George , stand with a large cardboard box , look over he desk for anything fitting the lawyer 's description . finally he take from atop he desk a bartender' guide , a zagat' guide and a can of play doh . GEORGE I do not do anything . 41 42 43 white draft 5/29/09 38 . ron that may help you chance a little . George take this in and exit to the outer office . int . george' office bldg . - outer office - day 41 Annie sit at the first desk -- but the outer office be a large one with many desk stretch out as far as we can see . Annie take one look at George and stand at she desk where she call out . annie hip...hip .. absolute silence . . finally Annie stare down one very young intern so that he say , '' hooray '' faintly and with great uncertainty . . int . lisa' apt . bldg . - stairwell - day 42 as Sally walk the stair to a distant sound which become clear as woman cry . . as Sally open the door . int . lisa' apartment - day 43 sally Pov Lisa surround by teammate who be stricken in she behalf . very much like a funeral with weep of all sort as Sally work she way to Lisa , who be gamely try to improve the atmosphere . lisa a little grip , okay ? she spot Sally and gesture she helplessness . sally worst decision he ever make . I hate the creep . they hug . sally how come you call everyone but I to come over ? white draft 5/29/09 39 . lisa I do not call anyone . . they come down from Jersey on they own . who would want this ? a particularly emotional power hitter grab Lisa . particularly emotional girl we be not a team without you and everyone know it . he just want cam because she play for he school .. we should protest and I do not care that it would not do any good ..a futile act which may do nothing but destroy all we career could be just the thing we need to bring we together . Lisa disengage herself and immediately see ... lisa' Pov Three of she teammate on the sofa lock at she with extremely intense empathy . lisa ( broadly sharp . . joke ) stop stare at I !?! there be a knock at the door ... someone nearby open it ... a exquisitely beautiful female athlete of 18 enter . there be a immediate effect ... the room still create the aura of hostility .. Lisa , however , feel differently . lisa aw , cam , honey .. you do not have to come . she almost run to she .. as Lisa hug she , there be the follow whisper , intimate conversation between they : lisa but really something that you do . .congratulation . cam you nre so much better than I . one girl on the sofa turn to she seatmate . girl what would she say ? what ' have she say ? white draft 5/29/09 40 . seatmate they do not want we to hear . back to lisa and cam . still hushed intimacy . .- cam he just pick I because I '' on he college team . lisa nope . do not you buy into that one ... he get three position with you which allow he more room to coach .. and you be young , baby . . that count for I when I start .. let it count for you .. ( turn to room ) hey everyone , how about cam come here ... ( shout and whistle ) cam ... cam ... cam .. reluctantly and half heartedly other join the chant , gather steam , make cam feel more welcome than outcast . . Lisa have step back and find herself next to Sally . sally the way you be act give class a bad name .. Lisa put she arm around the older woman . . sally you know you be allow to cry - lisa I just wish everyone would stop give I instruction on how I should handle this .. I gotta go - sally no you do not - lisa yes I do . I have a blind date . sally what be you talk about ? we be here to take care of you . this be prutal . stop act tough . white draft 5/29/09 41 . lisa ( loudly ) look at the time . hey , everyone ... sally ( a reprimand ) lisal lisa it have to leave . I have a date . everyone be bemuse . . Lisa have grab she purse . - .do some trick with she clothes to look more datey . and then , out of respect for she teammate , she stop work so hard at false energy and face they for a open moment . thanks cor hr ) , everyone ... but the need to go out like a champion be complex . .. so she say some word ( albeit broadly ) joke the heaviness of the absolute key fact .. lisa ( broadly ) I leoooove you all . and then , because she be a champion , she get real and say it simple and true . lisa I do . various teammate ad lib similar sentiment ... include riva , ( the girl who fix Lisa up . ) riva what can we do for you ? lisa oh , please . . I have be through a lot worse , . when they drop softball from the Olympic , when we lose the gold to Japan .. it 's not about I . ( on they reaction ) okay ... there 's one thing .. ( enormously self - conscious ) when I come to the training camp while you guy be get ready ... please do not feel funny talk to I .. do not feel ...... ( find the word ) 44 white draft 5/29/09 42. lisa ( cont would ) _.gad for I ..my biggest fear be that you will not be yourselves around I . . because I have see that happen and if that happen with I it would mean I do not really know you anymore . . and I want to .. need to .. ( feel awkward . .changing the mood ) say , ' okay Lisa . '' though some chorus '' okay , Lisa '' granting she the light moment .. there be other ad lib word of earnest and serious support . lisa gotta run.. love you . ext . GEORGE 's apt . ott gthte - day 44 George exit .. dress differently for the evening . as he start down the street he be stop by : charle ( call ) George . he move to he son 's side . charle can we go someplace ? George be have a hard time breathe though he be work to conceal that fact more from himself than other . GEORGE I '' late now . charle it 's urgent . I be afraid to use the phone .. George continue to drift in the direction he be head ... he father follow . GEORGE because ?.. no , you know something - do not tell I right now . I figure out how to handle everything . . ( with some pride and excitement equalling hope ) I be go to treat myself like a company in trouble . white draft 5/29/09 43 . GEORGE ( cont would ) depersonalize everything , use what I learn in business school .. start with absolute basic .. first step , identify the problem . for example , in / m aware I be talk too fast right now but , as yet , I do not have the solution to that problem . . but what 's my take - away in the meantime ? charle I think you be just indulge a lot of neurosis . GEORGE Business textbook .. you start take on too much before you be ready and the game become how much you can handle instead of how well you handle it . that apply right now . George be back up pretty quickly now . charle you do not have the luxury of not hearing this . GEORGE be you go to make I literally run from bad news ? charle the board have ... but George have break into a run ... pretty good one too .. charle ( call back ) I be very disappointed in we interaction here ..very ! wide shot George flee he father who have stop in he track pefore go off in the opposite direction . . on GEORGE as he break into a walk . .smooth himself . . look around self - consciously to other pedestrian . . they clearly see he as weird . maybe they be right . : — — — — 45 46 white draft 5/29/09 44 . ext , wide shot - other CITY STREET - lisa 45 she be head , as well , toward the rendezvous . . she look especially pretty .- '' the stride powerful , graceful .. . the face soft .. camera begins to move to .. other angle now follow Lisa from behind .. and , after a beat , we begin to notice people look at Lisa before the camera move past they . . and now as she turn toward we to cross the street .. we gee that some tear be flow down she face .. then she jaw set with resolve .. she flick the tear away .. and continue . . int . restaurant - day 46 Lisa enter and approach the maitre have maitre‘d name please ? lisa ( helplessly ) I be meeting George . . weimmm maitre ’d madison ? lisa I be not sure .. maitre ’d could that be he ? he point to the restaurant floor below . there Pov - elevate shot George slump at a table he head in both hand in abject worry . lisa I will bet that be he .. I be have that sort of day . the maitre have start off to lead she to the table . . she make a gesture to stop he , not sure she want to go through with the evening ... then the maitre have turn toward she , leave no choice . she cross to the table . white draft 5/29/09 45 . lisa George ? be you George ? I be Lisa .. he stand up . GEORGE it 's nice of you to join I . small thing : he take half a step to help she with she chair and she be already in it . lisa so , how ya do ? GEORGE how be you do ? lisa I be great . GEORGE well , treasure it . his head go into he hand again . lisa you okay ? GEORGE ( realize ) sorry .. I be not even aware .. T have to apologize this might not be a great first impression . I have have a really ... ( small laugh ) '' unusual '' 24 hour . lisa {not want to get into it ) okay . do not worry about it . be this a italian restaurant ? GEORGE yes .. a really good one . 29..26..30 . nsee she confusion ) the Zagat rating . ( see she confusion ) let 's get some drink . he gesture for the waiter . white draft 5/29/09 46 . lisa not for I . GEORGE I probably should not have anything either . lisa well , do not let I .. GEORGE no . drink too much two night in a row could be a real mistake . lisa ( now really not want to draw he out ) uh-huh . I have not eat since lunch yesterday . . she pick up the menu . GEORGE you do not drink at all ? '' lisa I follow my father 's rule on drink . ( to waiter ) could I start out with one of that little pizza and , oh look at that , you have spaghetti and meat ball .. waiter kobe beef meatball .. it 's a signature dish . lisa ( cheer ) outstanding ! ( a glance at George who seem to have momentarily plunge into a emotional abyss ) plenty of garlic , please .. and that tomate and onion salad . the waiter look at George -- who can not focus on order . GEORGE oh..i/11..wait. ( to Lisa ) which be ? white draft 5/29/09 47 . she do not know what he 's talk about . GEORGE you father 's rule on drink ? lisa never drink to feel better . only drink to feel even better . GEORGE pretty great . lisa ( cut he off ) yeah , it 's a good one . GEORGE but you know sometimes one drink can give you a better perspective . lisa well , I do not think so but maybe it depend on the person . look , have a drink if you want . GEORGE ( snap ) for be not look for permission . if I want to drink I know I can just ... lisa ( a exclamation ) Jesus ! you know I do not know you . GEORGE ( get it ) yeah . . I be not good tonight . I be sorry . if you want I can explain it . maybe it 's good to talk about it . I have not really do that yet . lisa ( like a shot over he ) no ! I do not think that 's a good idea . maybe what you need .. I know I do .. be to somehow take the strain out of this dinner . when you feel yourself try too hard at something that should be simple you know you be in trouble . you have to wait till it 's natural . 47 white draft 5/29/09 48. GEORGE yes . yes. yes. exactly .. he start to vigorously rub he forehead . lisa what 's wrong ? GEORGE I be just try to figure out .. be everything you say that smart or be I that desperate ? her pizza come . lisa well , I have have a lifetime of great coaches .. even that small think about she athletic life give she a flash of the creep . she take a quick cleanse breath . lisa so what I be suggest be that we eat . order something yourself which , all by itself , will make I more comfortable , and that we do not work at conversation . we cut ourselves a break here and give ourselves permission to be quiet ... for the whole dinner . .. completely quiet . he take this in for a beat then : GEORGE can I talk to the waiter ? George indicate he 's kid , she smile pack half - heartedly . lisa as long as you do not tell he about you day . he laugh .. for a few second anyway he have enjoy life . int . restaurant - day 47 SMALL montage . . 48 49 50 white draft 5/29/09 4g . the two of they silently eat .. every once in a while catch each other 's awareness and make a gesture to disengage that contact with a smile or little wave . but make no mistake , even though one person be eat while the other fall in love ... there be no flirtation or charming subtext go on . there be no subtext when two people be in this kind of trouble , so Lisa 's rule suit they both for this hour of they life ..hell , it may even be some solution to dating in general , where someone warm you space while you be knee deep in you own troubled thought ; it may be some flaw kin of early intimacy , though Lisa become so lose in she own thought that she almost forget George be there . ext . restaurant - twilight ( remember they eat early ) 48 they each take a breath about to go back to they life . GEORGE thanks . in a strange way it be relax . lisa yeah . this could have be the worst and it be not . thanks for dinner . GEORGE thanks too . it feel great meeting you . dittle nod . she pat he arm or some such and walk off . he dig hand in pocket and walk in the other direction . ext . STREET - night - GEORGE walking 49 pass a really good hotel George make a sudden decision and enter . int . HOTEL lobby - night 50 George move to a lobby sofa and hit a button on he phone . mechanincal voice say a command . GEORGE Father . 51 52 53 white draft 5/29/09 50 . ext . matty' apartment bldg . - night 51 Charles , well dress , be leave the building . the same doorman greet he . we thereby know Charles and matty live in the same apartment building . doorman good evening , Mr. madison . taxi ? charle thanks , Tom .. they stand curbside as Charles 's cell phone ring . he answer . int . luxury lobby - night 52 GEORGE okay , dad . I be ready . what happen ? ext.matty&charles apt bldg / int . luxury lobby : intercut - night 53 charle I be just leave my place to go to dinner . what if I come by you place later - the phone be not ... GEORGE just tell I . I have rather use the rest of the night processing the information . charle ( to doorman ) I be sorry .. this be private . the doorman be puzzle ... usually he spot be in front of the door ... but he move off . the coast be clear . charle ( into phone ) the board , under extraordinary , let 's- get-drunk - and - fuck - the - constitution pressure from the government , be refuse to pay you legal bill . do you have a million dollar ? GEORGE no. 54 55 white draft 5/29/09 51 . charle then you have to let I help . do you hear I , you have to ! GEORGE ( simply ) I sure do ... Charly be take aback . charle well , start you processing .. GEORGE I think I just meet a great girl .. charle as you point out , you can not trust you emotion right now . GEORGE ah , dad . int . lisa 's apt . bldg . - stairwell - night 54 as Lisa decide there will be no stair nop tonight . she move slowly up the stair to she apartment .. then catch herself wear she oppression physically and pick up the pace a bit . int . lisan apartment - night 55 she arrive at she door and open it . Sally look up .. then Lisa spote something which alarm all she sense . lisa' Pov on the computer table be a bouquet of flower and 20 little handwritten note stick to the side of the table .. little drawing on some of they , some in color . sally the girl need to tell you how they feel . something , be not it ? lisa the last time I see anything like this be when a kid in another high school die and they leave this stuff at the scene of the accident . white draft 5/29/09 52 . sally no . do not do the negative take ! pull out the positive . lisa ( this actually help she ) yeah . okay . they care . they respect what I have do . the flower be pretty . .good ... thanks .. sally come on - head up . do the right body language and the spirit might follow . . how about some straight talk ? lisa Sally ... right now ... sally right now you have take the blow of you life . very few people take a hit like this at you age where the thing they love most , that they have give every possible moment to from very early childhood , that contain all the identity they ever have or need be suddenly go .. I be very sensitive to what you be go through . . Sally 's straight talk , usually balm for she fight spirit , be experience by Lisa as dagger to the heart .. she react with tight horror to hearing the truth say out loud . sally ( continue ) I have be through this myself and with other . so we be go to have a little pajama party where you get to talk it all out .. this be a fragile time . when it happen to I I be lucky enough to have someone with the sensitivity to help I deal with this . do you know what you need most right now ? lisa yes . sally what ? white draft 5/29/09 53. lisa insensitivity . . 56 int . matty' apt . front door - close on matty - night 56 he be scrolling through some text message . there be a urgent knock at the door . matty who be it ? lisa ( muffle ) Lisa ! matty ( a beat then sincerely ) could you narrow it down ? lisa no kid right now . he realize it 's she and quickly open the door . ~~ lisa you be alone , right ? matty yeah . I be just work up the night . '' lisa you want I to be here ? matty ! yes , I do . ' lisa ' ok . this be what I need . if in the middle of the night I start ery or shaking or get enormously upset , 1 do not want you ask , '' what 's wrong ? '' I want you to just ignore it . be that okay with you ? matty actually , it 's my preference . and so she can finally relax . as they walk toward the bedroom matty repeat he budd conviction . 57 58 59 white draft 5/29/09 54 . matty you may be my dream girl . int . large office build - day 57 to show George and he dad walk past a massive directory -- all law office . something a bit surreai in this shot .. indicate George have enter a process . int . law office reception room - day 58 a tall grey haire man , tower endman , enter with he hand extend .. very expensive suit . tower hi. I be Tower endman . hello , Charles . charle : this be my son , George . good to be in you hand . tower that 's my favorite compliment . thank you . why do not you two come in ? Charles start to get up . George be throw .. the other two walk several pace away so that George have to raise he voice to be hear . GEORGE I think I should do this on my own . Tower nod . Charles nonpluss as the other two move off . int . law office - tower 's office - day 59 picture of Tower with president , etc ... tower there 's a change of venue I be involved in so , no promise GEORGE ( mumble ) boythisdoesn 's tfeelgood . Tower do not notice as he roll along . white draft 5/29/09 55 . tower but I think I can maneuver the trial date so I can take you case . first there 's a little talk I have to give so you will understand my requirement as to .. GEORGE Excuse I . I do the due diligence on you and there be just a few fact not list . would it be okay if I ask a few question ? Tower , though uncomfortable lose absolute control , nod . GEORGE what be you class stand in law school , as a undergraduate and then again for the bar exam ? tower ( disbelief ) you want to know how I do in college ? GEORGE yes . please . I have everything from the time you be a U.S. Attorney on but not that . tower that 's a inane question . GEORGE I do not think so . I mean this be the most important hire of my career so naturally ... tower ( insulted / diminish / defensive ) hire ? GEORGE ( honestly ) I be just try to be thorough . I mean , really , do not I have to find out if you pomposity be justified ? tower I do not wish to be you lawyer . white draft 5/29/09 60 int . law office - waiting room - day his father catch off guard at how quickly George have arrive . as they walk to the elevator bank . GEORGE he 's not right . charle ! he be the U.S. Attorney in Baltimore . he be connect . } the elevator arrive . 61 int . law office - elevator - day there be seven or so man and woman on board all evidently lawyer . charle do not I get a little say in the choice when I be willing to pay anything . this stop all the laywer 's conversation . GEORGE you be go to '' help '' not pay .. and be it right for a lawyer to interview a potential defendant and allow you , someone else involved in the issue , to be present at the first interview ? 56 . 60 61 the other lawyer - some nod '' no '' .. some mumble '' no '' one older lawyer react viscerally and shout it . older lawyer shit no ! GEORGE be you a litigator ? older lawyer yes . GEORGE can we get together sometime ? '' ss older lawyer would now do ? 62 white draft 5/29/09 57 . GEORGE sure . charle no . the door open and George and the lawyer each step out .. leave Charles inside . the door close . int . law office - dylan laurie 's office - day 62 this be the law office of dylan laurie ( the older lawyer . } Dylan be irish ... jury and people in general love he . I recall ete vas only one '' B '' and that have to do with be drunk in class . ( George like the answer ) I have a important question of my own . George treat he answer to the obvious unstate question as if it be a oath uttere to Saint Peter . GEORGE I do nothing to exaggerate earning . to my knowledge , I do not engage in any wrongdoings involve payout to falsify income .. nor anything else illegal or even questionable . dylan no not that ... can you afford I ? GEORGE the firm refuse to pay legal bill but my father be willing to help . dylan you can not take money from you father because of he position on the board . it would look terrible . this be a blow .. though George attempt to cover it . GEORGE oh .. that make sense . but the company have freeze my option and the stock itself have break down .. white draft 5/29/09 58 . GEORGE ( cont would ) so my net worth be ... what would the amount of you retainer be ... dylan well , young man , unfortunately we stand at the gate of hell 's toll booth . Three hundred thousand as a retainer and another three in escrow in the event the government head toward trial . ' GEORGE I be afraid I only have a bit more than 80 thousand liquid . they look at each other for many peat .. finally ... dylan this be not a silence T break . GEORGE alright . maybe I can sell ... dylan ( with genuine sympathy ) everything you can . GEORGE ( accept he fate ) alright . 63 ext , running area - national mall - day 63 Lisa and riva racing .. with two other girl .. Lisa win by a discernible gap . . riva gecond .. the win , though , have take it 's toll on Lisa ... she be breathe heavily .... she be furious about something but can not speak yet ... she glare at riva . riva what 's wrong ? lisa you let I win !! riva I do not . Lisa actually advance pugnaciously on riva while the other the other seek to cool thing ..ie .. " hey , guy . - come on . .nothing 's wrong . . '' 64 white draft 5/29/09 s9 . lisa ( in riva 's face ) the one thing I ask be do not treat I differently and you do this .. riva ( firmly and loudly ) hey , I do not !!! lisa I be not faster than you . .how could I win if you do not hold back . . you be always point four better .. point four petter .. always , always ... riva I do not know . maybe just because this be just practice . I guess this mean more to you . the ring of truth be unmistakable . Lisa know exactly what she have just do and it be without precedent . she say she sin aloud , almost unconsciously ... lisa I embarrassed myself .. ( then to riva ) sorry .. so sorry , hon . really .. a helpless gesture as she begin to walk away .. the other jhave see she only as a champion of great class ; so they find she confession heart preak .. they go after she .. she try to wave they off but they hang in .. embrace Lisa as they walk away from camera . ext . party terrace - drizzly night 64 Lisa , dress for a night out , stand alone , underneath a awning steadily beat with rain , as a large party take place inside . she look sad , isolate and introspective . . all brand new element in she life . behind she we see ... the party there be about 15 of matty 's teammate here with they gal and would be gal ; all of the player make well over a million dollar a year . matty ig on the food line . the player next to he have he hand underneath he girl 's shirt and be rub she breast . she be turn on and rub he crotch some . impressively they manage to continue load they plate . 65 white draft 5/29/09 60 . matty consider this poor manners . he catch Lisa 's eye as she turn he way and force the player to stop grop the girl . the indignant player put he hand back on she breast . matty take it away and gesture toward Lisa . the girl now put the hand back on she breast . matty accept defeat . ext . party terrace - night 65 as matty , bear two plate , join Lisa . matty ( to Lisa ) I apologize . I think some of they be bring they wife and that change the behavior considerably . ramino have this maybe the best barbecue anywhere fly in from Houston special .. I mean he buy a extra first class seat 50 a friend could fly it up ... wait till you taste it ... lisa no hard feeling . you stay . I just can not do this now . matty come on , there 's Christian athlete in the game room .. we will eat with they . lisa be you interested at all in what be go on in my life ? you never ask . ( catch she attitude ) why be I be pissy ? what I mean , I guess , be that I think you should finally know what 's go on with I . he gesture she should go ahead . she do .. first time she 's say it and it do not feel good . lisa ( she voice catch ) I get cut . 66 67 white draft 5/29/09 61 . ext . STREET - rainy night 66 as matty and Lisa walk under a huge umbrella .. well , not quite under because matty be try to hold the umbrella to shelter the massive plate of food he hold -- Lisa yank the umbrella to shelter she . . matty realize . '' make the tough decision and toss the meal . int , matty 's apartment - night 67 as he finish stack some firewood and then press a hand remote control which light the gas starter underneath . lisa I be go to go to graduate school at night .. and , of course I have to work a few job . I have get that line up . but , I have get this problem with my attitude . . and what I have to do be just get to the place where I appreciate what the game give I and accept and even embrace the obvious .. that the time come for every athlete where ... matty it will not come for I . lisa you career will never end ? matty ( proud secret ) 1 '' work on a knuckleball . lisa okay . thanks . go home , matty . matty okay , this will help . for know a real good player once and the coach cut he and he just feel impotent ... you be probably feel whatever the female version of that word be .. his strange remark snap Lisa out of it ... lisa it 's the same word . u ' white draft 5/29/09 62 . matty do not let what 's go on with you make you give I a hard time . that 's not productive . lisa I be not give you a hard time . it 's the same word for woman . he stare at she - wonder whether she 's mess with he and then decide to let it slide . matty okay . the tie go to the pretty one ..s0 it 's the same word and he be feel impotent just like you may be feel ..so ... lisa I do not think that 's what I be feel . matty can I just finish my think here ? maybe it will help , maybe it will not but I / m try . lisa I be sorry . matty it 's okay . so he girl have a cat .. and he start to save all the eat 's shit . ( on she reaction ) a little trust ... and every few day or so he take a huge amount and wrap it in a different package -- like a gift or a magazine roll .. or something you order on line . every few day , for eight month , he send this cat turd to the guy who cut he . Lisa make a gesture of appeal to the heaven for help . matty file it away . it work for this guy . - lisa and he stop when he anger go away ? 68 white draft 5/29/09 63. matty well , the cat die . ( she laugh briefly ) you feel better ? ( she nod ) great . I hate see you touch bottom . Lisa look up with a jolt .. shocked . lisa that be sweet . matty ( weird out ) yeah , you be right . int , GEORGE 's new second floor apt - night 68 this be a humble abode .. very small one bedroom where George ig surround by box fill with copy of all document subpoena by the government .. just a few key piece of furniture . on some build in book shelf be he possession : sheet , towel , some silverware and glass . . the place do have one real feature .. overly large window which give we a small view of a low middle income neighborhood .. George have he laptop open work on evidentiary spread sheet . close on GEORGE as anxiety grip he . he scratch at himself .. get up .. the key be to keep move but where and for what ? he eye pack liquor bottle on the floor .. actually go to the frig for a celery stalk .. but he stop himself with a suddenly powerful voice . GEORGE no . . nope .. settle . he reluctantly heed the voice from nowhere and not drink . he bite on the celery stalk . there be a knock on the door .. anniee voice it 's I , boss . he open the door to Annie . she be carry some wrap home - make food . as she walk toward the kitchen . GEORGE ah , Annie . white draft 5/29/09 64 . annie do you call that girl ? GEORGE no . you have get to stop cooking for I . it be enough you find this place . annie that be selfish . you dress up my neighborhood . she have put she package on the counter and now go to the outer hall to pick up a few more package . on he reaction : annie cook relax I when I can not sleep . why do not you just call she ? GEORGE honestly ? because my first impression be not great . I would rather be more myself when I see she next ... annie what if someone beat you to she ? he 's stunne . the think have never occur to he .. but he have something of a strategy and he 's stick to it . GEORGE optimism be sanity for I right now . she march over to he refrigerator and begin load the stuff in .. then she turn ... she demeanor change . annie look ... I '' in such a funny position but I need to tell you something ... just so I do not feel creepy . I know stuff about what happen at work ... I can not tell you what because of the thing I sign but if you start guess .. I can not help it if my face be a open book .... and maybe I ean give you one hint which . . George go out of body -- almost jump across the room -~ this be a visceral , instinctive , reflexive , urgent action to save what he hold dear . white draft 5/29/09 `s . GEORGE stop ! you can get in genuine trouble .. and just listen could be serious wrongdo on my part . annie I have not sleep .. it 's kill I -- this information . it 's like someone 's go to shoot you and I can not scream ... ( she scream ) '' watch out ! '' ( still scream ) please play this game with I . or else I will just tell you . I have to . GEORGE no ! annie for god 's sake let I unburden . GEORGE you have get to understand what it 's like for I right now . ( he take a shot ) Annie , picture a very angry ocean gtorm and I be on this very little boat .. annie ( touch by the image ) obbhh . . GEORGE and miraculously this little boat ig still afloat and that boat be that I have not do anything wrong . like allow you to tell I something you be legally constrain from revealing . not do anything wrong be keep I afloat .. if I lose that .. I be go . do not rock the boat ! annie but I know something about the boat . GEORGE please , stop . 69 70 white draft 5/29/09 66 . annie it 's a terrible boat . you have to get out of the boat . GEORGE you have to respect I on this .. and , for what it 's worth , it do not matter . I think I have guess the same stuff you know .. I think I know what you do . this slow she . then ... annie nope .. you could not be function if you know the stuff I be talk about . GEORGE I think I could . I think I be . we be go to leave it there . do not make I leave my own apartment ? he put he hand on the doorknob . he win . annie okay .. eat something ... he walk back to she .. start help load the refrigerator .. GEORGE this be great of you .. ext . baseball stadium - day - establishing shot 69 ext . bullpen - day 70 we see matty on the bench ... a game in progress on the other side of the bullpen gate . the bullpen coach be focus on a relief pitcher warming up ... on the bench with matty , who be deep in think , be a cute japanese pitcher , tori , and a pitcher in he 30' - doug . Tori be eyeing the bullpen coach and the girl in the stand alternately ... he point to one very pretty girl .. and gesture to Doug .. the girl look over .. Tori make eye at the girl who smile . he make a hand gesture indicate she should phone he .. she be confuse ... how could she know the number ? he look over -- act involved in the warm up as the coach look he way .. and then , the coast clear again , reach under a towel . white draft 5/29/09 67 . insert there be a long printout of he phone number again and again on a perforate sheet and a sling shot ..he tear off one of the number .. ball it , load it and shoot it at the girl -- it go down she blouse . Doug react to the shot . doug legendary ... ( notice matty 's preoccupation ) you do not see it matty ( shake he head ) hey , let I ask this , how do you know when you be in love ? doug intrigue . the coach eye the field on a noise from the crowd . coach get he out ... you can sit . as the pitcher who have be warming up , ryan , put on he jacket and join the other on the bench . ryan well , I have get a way .. whenever this one thing happen I know I be go .. in 1l tell you but it 's personal and I do not want anyone make fun of I for it . this be a historically '' get down '' bullpen moment as matty 's demeanor reflect . matty go. ryan okay . I figure I be in love with someone when I wear condom with the other girl . doug massive ! they take this in . then : 71 72 73 white draft 5/29/09 68 . matty ( strike ) Holy shit , I be in love ..... ( almost to himself ) what do I do ? tori make a move . int . lisa 's apartment - day 71 Lisa be on the phone .. lisa yeah .. well , I do not want to hold you . have a great season , riva . 1'11 be follow thing on -line .. and find somebody to do my job of tell you not to press . you be great .. trust the talent - trust the training .. do not press . ok ..hug everybody for I .. enjoy Tokyo . get even for the Olympic . okay , I will let you go .... I be great . yeah . stop .. I '' fine . she pick up a big piece of cardboard which she have color code . it be title '' to call before team leave . '' there be close to 40 name .. in column with box mark . each name have a think of what to say . riva be the last name . this be not a good moment .... her phone ring . intercut between int . national training room - day 72 matty go upstream in the pool treadmill .. matty hey you up for a crazy idea ? lisa ( oh so fast ) yes . int . lisa 's apartment - four day later 73 Sally sit with she as Lisa close a third suitcase and pack a fourth .. Sally be shaking she head . white draft 5/29/09 69 . sally this be such a mistake . lisa ( through she tooth ) overstep alert . sally nope . you do not make important life decision when you be mush . it 's too dangerous . you fight low self - esteem you do not give it the wheel . Lisa be raw , passionate and emotional .. game face extremis . she actually pound at herself during the follow : lisa I get he . he get I . sally he do not get you . lisa yessss . he get that I get he which be , in fact , get I . I be actually do what you drill into I . '' I be commit to the win . '' '' do not wait for you ship to dock , swim out to meet it . '' Sally remain enormously worried . sally but , every cute story you tell about he have to do with he selfishness . that be not go to stay cute . ( quote the advice she often give ) '' date up - not down ... '' lisa matty be every guy I have ever know ... teammate , dormmate , boy friend . I be pack here . so either back the hell off coach or do what you have always do for I and help I pull out some damn positive because I be .. Lisa suddenly pause . she have suffer some sort of emotional hiccup ; lose she full head of steam to a sudden and surging vulnerability . white draft 5/29/09 70 . lisa ( softly / naked truth ) it feel weird fight with you . Sally move quickly to embrace she . sally I be sorry , honey . positive ! Hell , the guy have a 94 mile a hour fast ball and a 40 million dollar contract . so go get he . I hope he have some idea of how lucky he be . Lisa take this as a endorsement . she be move and relieved . lisa thanks . but , as they break the coach look around . sally but why be you take this much luggage ? Lisa feel defensive , begin to lift she five piece of luggage . . she point at Sally as she quote she . lisa the best thing you teach I , '' do not do anything half - way unless you be willing to be half -happy . '' sally okay , but what do that mean in this context ? lisa I sublet my apartment . sally ( genuinely alarmed ) no ! you have no plan B. this be hysteria . Lisa gather she many case , open the door , shift the case to the hallway and stand there . she be pugnacious in a attempt to conceal she own insecurity from herself . lisa T be sorry that you lack confidence in I . but I still appreciate that you have train I to go full out . 74 75 76 white draft 5/29/09 71 . it 's she exit line but she can not help add a p.s. lisa the tenant do not move in ' till after the weekend so you do not have to pay for a hotel room tonight . Love you . she close the door . int . matty' apartment - day 74 as Lisa be embrace matty . matty I clear some space for you . he then , over she shoulder , eye the five bag . they break and she pick up some of the bag and exit to ... int . matty 's apartment - walk in closet - day 75 as they stare at the one small drawer he have clear for she . dissolve to : ext . STREET - day - three week later 76 George walk . his cell phone buzze . GEORGE hi , dad . charle be you come to my place ? GEORGE almost there . charle good . I have some disturbing news . GEORGE what ? charle I will wait till you get here . and now we see we familiar doorman in the immediate background . 77 78 white draft 5/29/09 72 . ext . matty & charle 's apartment build - day 77 GEORGE tell I .. it would be nice to get one piece of bad news without anyone study my face to see how I '' take it . charle anger can be useful . watch out for the bitterness . GEORGE what be the news , dad ? charle there be strong indication that they be go to indict you . I have cancel everything I have get . I be dedicate myself to this . GEORGE um ... that 's all he can manage . he make a helpless gesture then pocket the phone and enter the building , go past the doorman who , see he so stricken , smile encouragement . int . matty and charle ' apt . bldg . - elevator - day 78 George enter .. and stand there ..a beat and Lisa enter . she be carry several bag of grocery . George be look down and do not see she . she lean forward ... then : lisa George ? George look up to see literally the girl of he dream . GEORGE ( mumble ) godpleasedon ' tkidme . lisa how be you ? GEORGE uh , really good to see you ... white draft 5/29/09 73 . 79 int , matty' apartment - day 79 as George help she carry in the bag of grocery .. she take they and walk off - screen into the kitchen . he be so stunne to have run into she that he do not note the surroundings or respond to verbal stimulus . lisa 's voice you do not live in this building , do you ? hello ?... do you leave ?... be you still here ? GEORGE ( come around ) yes. absolutely . here I be . she appear wear a quizzical expression . he try smile . it come off a bit weird . lisa look , sorry if I can not be hospitable right now but I have to ... GEORGE can I go first ? lisa huh ? GEORGE I want to explain why I have not call . lisa ( actively confuse ) I do not understand . GEORGE I think I have make a really bad assumption that we have be on the same wave length .. well , I do not mean to quite say that either . do you ever want to delete every sentence you be say even as you be say they ? white draft 5/29/09 74 . lisa no. look , sorry I be rush but I be glad to have bump into you because I bit you head off when we have dinner and I have a thing about rudeness so I be glad I get to ... the door open and matty enter . matty Lisa ? lisa hey . George , this be my boyfriend , matty . George take in the news . and damned if some protestant gene pool do not have he treat the moment with some class . GEORGE Nice to meet you ... matty ( as if George be not stand there ) who be he ? lisa you do not say , '' hello . '' matty well , I think you should check with I before you invite a guy over so I '' a little too piss off to say , '' hello . '' ( on she ferocious look ) just a Little . Lisa head for the bedroom and summon matty to follow . lisa please . he give George a territorial look and then follow she . on GEORGE as he overhear the brief conversation in the kitchen . lisa 's voice why would I have to check with you ? 80 white draft 5/29/09 75 . matty' voice you just want I to state the obvious so you can act mad . int . matty' apt . - bedroom - day 80 where Lisa and matty maneuver on the precipice of fatal disagreement . Lisa forthright , matty , a veteran of skirmish with woman who feel wronge , do the dance . lisa ( puzzle ) there 's a '' obvious '' reason why I should check with you before invite someone who offer to help carry we grocery ? matty I do not know about the grocery .. maybe that change thing . yeah , I think it do . okay , good talk . lisa ( simply ) no . I want to know the obvious thing I be miss . matty okay .. you want my foot in the trap ? in 1l put it there . lisa there be no trap . let 's just show up here . what obvious thing be I miss ? matty okay . that this be my place ! Lisa do not see this come . it take the wind out of she . they look at each other for several beat .. as the moment sink in . lisa oh , boy . so long , matty . she open the closet door where we see she have be live out of she suitcase .. she empty she one small drawer . 81 82 83 white draft 5/29/09 76 . lisa congratulation . you get you sock drawer back . matty okay .. you can have somebody up without ask .. it 's not like you be go to abuse the privilege ... she move past he ... int . matty 's apt . - live room - day 81 as she move past George .. lisa sorry . could you get the door ? GEORGE you bet . he open it .. she move past George briefly leave matty and George alone together . matty I think I screw up . GEORGE not from my perspective . matty thanks , pal . George nod and exit the apartment . int . matty' apartment bldg . - hallway - day 82 as George see he miss the elevator and take to the stair full speed . ext . matty' apartment build - day 83 as the doorman hold the door open for Lisa who be quickly follow by George . on lisa . . at a loss .. daze 84 white draft 5/29/09 17 . doorman taxi ? lisa no , thanks , Tom .. I have to figure out where I be go first . she take out she cell phone .. it beep '' low battery . '' her back to the wall of life , Lisa suddenly turn to George . lisa ( continue ) do you live yeRas} here ?. I have to recharge ... my phone . GEORGE not that far . ( sudden confession ) well , a hour ..by bus . I do not want to mislead you . okay ? he lift some of she bag .. lisa yeah , I guess . as they begin to walk off , the apartment 's intercom phone ring and the doorman step inside to answer it as we overhear a last word from George . GEORGE a hour ten maybe . int . / ext . matty' apt . - vestibule - day 84 doorman oh , hello sir .. yes , she just come down . okay , I 'il try . he put the phone down and scurries back to the street . -. he see George be carry the luggage . George catch the doorman 's eye and break into a grin , then turn back to Lisa to indicate the bus stop .. they stand at the bus stop not 10 yard away from the doorman . doorman ( call in a whisper ) Lisa , there 's a phone call for you . 85 white draft 5/29/09 78 . doorman ( cont would ) ( he cup he hand into a megaphone but still whisper at the same low volume ) Lisa .. he go back to the phone and pick it up . doorman sorry , sir .. I just be not able to catch she for you . he hang up and look on as the bus arrive . int . georgens second apt . - day 85 as they enter . Lisa dig in one of she bag to find she charge , look around then go directly to a outlet to plug in she phone . as she look at the phone ... . lisa Boy , so dead . GEORGE this be a new place . I be not totally move in yet . hey , you hungry ? lisa lately , always . why you ask , you have nibble ? he open the refrigerator where we see some 30 container show great home make ziti , chicken pot pie . .pudding . . GEORGE yes . George 's cell vibrate . he read '' dad '' then turn it off .. lisa I be not go to be great company ... GEORGE be you kid ? even right now this be the best conversation I have have since the night we do not say a word to each other . Lisa have a delay amusement ..a half laugh . white draft 5/29/09 79 . lisa well , that 's sort of funny . GEORGE Flying start . 86 int . GEORGE 's second apt . - SMALL kitchen area - day 86 as he set the oven and Lisa enter ... lisa what can I do ? ( startle ) you make you own chicken pot pie ? GEORGE a friend . all the plate and silverware be over there .. she go past he and grab some silverware and paper napk .. it feel '' datey '' to he .. yup , " fly start . '' then she phone ring , she cross to where it lie on the floor , unplug it , check whose call , brighten despite herself and answer . lisa hey . . ( listen then ) it do not matter where I be . ( disbelief ) you be go to yell at I ? that 's it ? that 's why you call ? well .. I think .. there be a low battery beep . she look down . lisa wait a minute .. you be go to lose I .. in the background George react to '' you be go to lose I '' with a small fun '' take '' to himself . his mood have lighten for the first time in month . meanwhile , Lisa 's phone go dead . she stare at it . lisa just as well .. it be not go to go well from there . I think we need some time to think .. a pause and then reluctantly she turn off the phone . white draft 5/29/09 80 . lisa do you have guinness ? GEORGE I will get guinness . and I make a great drink , if you want to try it . it 's not a idle remark . really , I do . lisa okay .. I x11 try something . . just not strong ... ( to herself ) oh , what be I do ? '' stay honest with yourself when you know you be make a mistake and at least there may be a takeaway . '' ( to George ) I be go to get drunk because I be too lame to stand the way I feel . GEORGE great choice . he start move away . he stop . lisa but , could you do I a favor ? GEORGE yes , absolutely .... and thanks for the opportunity . lisa could you not ... I have a boyfriend ... could we just .. GEORGE yes .. lisa really ? GEORGE yes . seer sw — _ — 87 white draft 5/29/09 81 . lisa I have a teammate ..ex - teammate who say the only time I say anything be when I drink Guinness .. so watch out . George be '' up " ... uncensor word spill out . GEORGE well , I think you have be say a lot without drink . you be truly something . ( get briefly excited ) which mean my think about you be not just a aspect of the trouble I be in . lisa I have gotta tell you .. I do not follow you .. you be in trouble ? GEORGE first thing .. be back in a second . . make yourself at home . he exit the apartment . now alone , Lisa sink rapidly . . briefly forlorn .. in mid-fall she attempt to summon she will .. she pace actively then ghe go to the window . her Pov as George dangerously challenge traffic .. Lisa be just about to shout a warning when he stop of he own volition . see she look and gesture that he 's anxious to get back . bxt , george' second apt bldg -george move toward camera 87 as he enter the door of he building , flushed , we see a cab pull curbside in the background . the person in the back of the cab call to he . he turn to see Annie pay the driver . he react viscerally . GEORGE do not get out ! annie you father send I to find you .. GEORGE " she 's " up there . Annie take he measure . 88 89 white draft 5/29/09 82. annie aw ... you be like a person ... what do I tell you father ? GEORGE tell he the truth ... that against all the law of God and Science I be have a great day ! and I refuse to talk about it because it 's private and personal and everybody must keep the hell away . annie if I say that he 'il be right over . I will tell he you be clinically depressed -- and you have not sleep - so you take a pill . GEORGE much better . int . matty 's apt . day / night . . montage 88 he be no longer a stranger to sadness . some latent abandonment issue have hit like a unexplode bomb from a past war ... we see he slide into increase anxiety and sadness through the eye of that who serve he . shot . a mexican may see he act out over another unanswer call to Lisa as she iron one of he expensive shirt on a pro press machine . shot . the man work with the terrace plant look up from he crouch and see a forlorn matty hit he head against the inside of the glass terrace door right above he , unmindful of the gardener 's presence . shot . matty stand still .. another man in the shot ..he be concerned for matty ..we then reveal that the man be from Major League Baseball when matty hand he a urine sample and he take it and give matty 's back a encourage rub . int . GEORGE 's second apt . - lisa and GEORGE - night 89 Lisa sit comfortably on the floor , lean back against a bed pillow . she have two empty guinness bottle alongside she but be now drink , as be George , from a pitcher of a unique vodka base drink which feature red grape . George sit in a low sling canvas chair . Lisa crunch on she drink . nobody be bad drunk here ... rather just right .. speech be clear -- maybe imperceptibly slow ... it could pass for thoughtfulness . . white draft 5/29/09 83 . GEORGE my father be .. would rather .. that I be more ... dynamic . pause for the mob of fan to chant , '' oh , you be dynamic , George . '' George have hope for he beau geste . Lisa simply stare at he . this pattern continue throughout the follow . GEORGE ( cont have ) it bother he that I be not as .... '' vibrant '' as he be . he raise I alone since I be seven because , and wait ' till you hear this .. people go nut over it . be prepare to see I with new eye . I become very appeal . my mother leave we after see '' Kramer vs. Kramer '' at the movie one afternoon . lisa oh. GEORGE do you know the picture ? lisa no. GEORGE it 's a movie about a woman who leave Dustin hoffman and she son because she have to find who she be . lisa that 's strange . GEORGE this be early feminism . she come back .... in the movie . lisa oh . . 90 int . george' second apt . - 90 minute later 30 Lisa have be talk for some time . white draft 5/29/09 84 , lisa I nve get to make that old lesson work for I now . like when we lose the NCAA final by one run and coach make we smile and sign autograph for hundred of young girl fan .. and we all just suck it in and instead of some self - indulgent , self pity kleenex party we dida little good for the girl and the game .. be you bored ? GEORGE transfix . lisa cut it out ( wbrigmestly do not understand what you be do . this can not be move .. {before George can answer . .alarm ) do I sound like I be feel sorry for myself because I be really just try to size thing up .. get the ambition right , figure the challenge . and then . . ( self derision ) yak yak yak . right ? GEORGE sometimes you have to hear what you say so you know what you think . lisa huh ? yeah .. maybe so. okay..so the real thing be with most girl I know .. they plan B be meeting someone .. love .. have a baby . . maybe work ..or more school .. I '' do both of that but..okay ..1i ' 1l1 say it .. my problem . .challenge .. ( suddenly ) shut I up shut I up shut I up . GEORGE no . I think what you be do now be exactly what you .. lisa ( shutting he off ) you shut up too . what the hell do you know except look at I like bambi . do you see that movie ? white draft 5/29/09 85 . lisa ( cont would ) gee whiz .. sorry .. in 11 bet you be really glad you feed I some drink ... GEORGE ( quietly ) you problem ? lisa ( get a breath then vulnerable / earnest ) I do not know if I have what it take for that regular plan B . I do not ever .. have never feel that love like the guy be the whole deal , or to be honest , the baby thing .. not that either . I be just good at this one thing .. when girl talk about how much in love they be or how a baby be everything .. ( a shame , scared whisper ) I think they be pretend .... and now a little event I be worried would never get here .. I be go to stop talk about myself . .. what trouble be you in , George ? GEORGE simply put . I be currently unemployed . my girlfriend have recently break up with I . I will soon be out of money and I be the target of a federal investigation . lisa Boy , you be a real chick magnet , , be not you ? she crack up .. he enjoy the joke and be playfull in return . GEORGE well , we will see . the thing we have in common be ... Lisa get up and stand next to he , propel by a think . lisa ( almost simultaneously ) I '11 tell you what impress I about you .. oh , I be sorry I interrupt . g 1 white draft 5/29/09 86 . GEORGE ( strongly ) no ! go ahead !! lisa well , it 's that you sure have not let anything take you spirit . GEORGE no . not tonight . tonight , you have do I a great turn . you have give I temporary amnesia . because , right now , you be the only thing on my mind . lisa I can not believe you tell I all you just do and then you flirt . why be the government . . GEORGE do not know . truly . ( a pause then awkwardly ) um , I be honest . Lisa be touch . there 's something sweet about earnestness that simple . she put a hand on he face . her phone ring . she make a helpless gesture and answer it . lisa hi , matty . intercut between int . matty 's apt / int . GEORGE 's second apt : intercut - night 91 ~ matty first of all , I be not go to ask you where you have be .. I get point for that , right ? lisa well , not after you put it that way . matty okay . I screw up . that 's why I write something out to say to you .. this will be good . okay . be it bad that I write it out ? 92 white draft 5/29/09 87 . lisa unusual , not bad . stop ask I thing like that . it 's weird . matty okay . sorry . I go nut when you leave . I break a lamp . lisa okay , read I the thing . matty that be the thing . Lisa laugh . George , in the background , react appropriately . other angle on matty show that he hold a piece of paper which read : '' I go nut when you leave . I break a lamp . " lisa ( broadly ) well , then .. I be deeply touch . matty so what else do I do here ? okay . '' please , come back . '' you know , that 's giant for I to say . ( he work hard to squeeze another good one out ) '' I do not know that I 'l ] do great but I know I '1l do better . '' this be breakthrough stuff here . lisa oh , god.. okay . see you soon . bye she hang up . GEORGE I ' 1l help you get a cab . ext . george' second apt . build - night 92 as he signal for a cab . she feel bad for he . lisa George . thanks for be such a great listener . and , hey , no matter what , I get to have friend . 93 94 white draft 5/29/09 a8. he have hail 'a cab . he think - then turn to she . GEORGE I will take you up on that ? lisa that 's why I say it . slump city can be murder . so call whenever . I feel bless that we make friend . the cab driver begin to put she luggage in the trunk . the driver have finish . she touch George 's arm and get in . GEORGE okay .. of every think I have about you and there be million ... the one that never occur to I be that my mind be not exaggerate . lisa ( scolding ) cut it out . I go boyfriend . the cab pull away . George , with some effort , decide not to watch it move off in the distance . he turn and head home . int . office with cubbie - day 93 we be in a large room with cubby fill with man and woman primarily in they 2us . we do not know what we be do here . int . office - cubby - day 94 where a young attractive ( though chunky ) man work at he computer . he be about to finish a bit of work when a attractive female intern ( whom he secretly pine for ) come in and give he a take - out lunch . she leave without take any notice of he . he look at he sandwich . shit .. they put mayo on he sandwich . it be really annoying . he leave frame . come back with a kleenex and try to wipe the mayo off the bread . it be not a good decision .. piece of tissue cling to the bread . he react with some good humor to have do something moronic and leave frame for a second and now come back with a paper towel ..he wipe the bread and it fall apart .. he throw that slice of bread away and take a messy bite of the remain sandwich .. the mayo taste pretty good . back to work . he hit he print key while wiping at he mouth .. the camera follows a cord from he computer toa printer sitting on the floor . 95 96 white draft 5/29/09 89 . angle on printer as out come a UNITED states government criminal complaint : the UNITED states government versus GEORGE madison . int . matty' apartment - terrace - night 95 another party ... lap sit . .beer.. long wooden table on the terrace where man with very good hand eye be smash hard shell crab which be on brown paper . .very pretty dress be get splatter with each swing , so it become a repeat chain reaction .. slam , crab juice splatter , dismay squeal from a girl ... Tori , the japanese pitcher who toss he phone number into the stand , be in the company of the girl whose bodice receive it .. he be very nice .. note the splatter dress on he girl , he cover she with a bib .. she reward he with a kiss . Tori love he crab meat . he toss a question to a strolling matty . tori flown in ? matty drive .. but from the best crab house in Baltimore . that sauce with beer it 's ... doug crazy . matty anyone see Lisa ? ryan she be inside . by the way , interesting woman . beautiful gun . he indicate upper arm muscle . matty ( sincerely ) thank you . int . matty' apartment - night 96 matty move inside and see Lisa on the sofa - next to a couple neck in good taste . she be about to get up and move on when she spy the corner of a sport magazine . .. she grab it .. instantly in a bit of a state .. matty arrive . 97 98 white draft 5/29/09 90 . lisa do you see this ? she flip to show he the cover .. a headline read '' beauty and the budget . '' and the visual be a arrestingly subtle but brilliantly sexual photo of cam , the girl who replace Lisa on the roster , wear she USA uniform with tag hang from every garment detail what amount corporate sponsor have ponied up to be part of U.S.A . softball . a tag line streamer read .. " if you shake it they will come . '' matty who be she ? lisa the girl who replace I . they do only she and she have not even play yet . what do you think ? matty gorgeous . lisa thanks , that help . she get up . matty well , they have to market the program . ( sotto ) you can not be piss about it now , you be the hostess . lisa okay , okay .. i be furious but not at you . she touch he arm , as in no hard feeling , then move past he to pick up she cell phone from a hall table . int . matty' apt . - bedroom - night 97 as Lisa enter and see a male guest gitting on the bed , seriously pitching a girl who be cry . she exit . ext . matty' apt . - large terrace - night 98 as she find a lonely windblown corner . she hold she phone . .consider ..locates a mumber . . 99 100 101 white draft 5/29/09 91 . ext . CITY STREET / restaurant - night 99 as George stand outside a elegant bar , partially in the shadow as he look through the window at he father , who drink at a table for two . int . elegant restaurant bar - night 100 Charles look at he watch ( one of the great watch ) impatiently and react angrily . he take out he cell phone and bark a command . charle Son ! filter mechanical voice Son ! as it click into a ring . ext . elegant restaurant bar - night 101 George be just about to suck up the spirit to join he father when he phone ring . he see it be he father . GEORGE hi , dad . I be just about to .. a call wait tone and he look at the face of he phone which say , '' lisa . '' GEORGE sorry . I can not talk right now .. charle . you need my help ! GEORGE might have to reschedule - sorry . he hang up . and hit another button . GEORGE Lisa , how be you ? 102 103 white draft 5/29/09 92 . ext . elegant restaurant bar - wide shot 102 as George turn away from the restaurant to continue the conversation while , in the background , he seriously miff father place a bill down and exit the restaurant and , as he take a few step , look as if he will bump into George but then turn to he park car . ext . matty' apt terrace / ext . elegnt rest bar : intercut-nighlo3 Lisa be into she conversation with George . she be also shiver a bit from the night wind . lisa a little crazy ... I be try to figure something out so , you be smart so see what you .... GEORGE I be okay . not smart smart . lisa good enough . in a nutshell .. I be tempt to call my old coach and unload on he . I do everything he ask and now I know he bump I for someone because she be ... ( veally hard to say ) better look .. some use the word '' gorgeous . '' but I want to check with a relatively clear head person before I .. on GEORGE truly concerned on whether he meet the qualification . GEORGE I '' not sure I be clear head when it 's you . lisa please , stop be so .... precise . it 's not about I . it 's about the damn game . just tell I what you honestly think . should I cream he ? GEORGE be it okay if I think about it for a minute ? should I call you back ? 104 105 white draft 5/29/09 93. lisa no. I will wait . I can use the breather . there be a gust of wind and she audibly shiver . GEORGE what be that ? lisa nothing . I be cold . I never be cold before I go girlie . hurry up and think , okay ? ext . nicely lighted bus stop - night 104 as George ponder the variable present in Lisa 's question and consider the best advice . long shot revealing that George 's jocation be just a short distance from matty 's terrace as be make clear by something architecturally distinctive . ext . matty 's apt / ext . elegant rest . bar : intercut - night 105 on lisa agitate , as she pace in place , not know whether it 's good or bad for George to be take time like this . matty stroll over . matty who you talk to ? lisa George . the guy you meet . matty ( carefully ) uh-huh ..... you go to be long ? lisa I be on hold sort of .. matty you want privacy ? white draft 5/29/09 94 . lisa well , I be on the phone . ( George have resume talk ) hi.. so what do you think ? she listen as matty monitor . GEORGE I be not sure it fit you but for I , and maybe it 's because my father have always be such a hot head , I do not know . but a lot of the time , I feel like I have really accomplish something when I keep a lid on . the minute you go off on someone you mere , all other option . and , the worst thing for I this day be how much be out of my control . you understand ? lisa fantastically , yes . GEORGE so , I would want to keep all option open . on matty and lisa as he watch she hold one ear close so she can listen hard to George . matty be about to say something but Lisa strain to catch George 's word hold up she hand to stop he . GEORGE well , that 's I . I would not eall he , but this day , in particular , I be not a get it off you chest person . okay ? lisa okay . . thanks . ( double check ) so , you be say , do not call he ? GEORGE yeah , I be . lisa thanks . and look anytime I can return the favor ... well good , I want you to remember that . it 's why I say it . 106 107 white draft 5/29/09 95 . lisa ( cont would ) ( matty be about to speak ) get to go . GEORGE Nice talk to you . lisa right . so long . she click off .. and look to matty to say he piece . she be ready for a skirmish . but matty fake she out and go high road . matty you look cold . would you like my jacket ? lisa ( disarm ) okay , sure . he put he beautiful tan cashmere jacket on she shoulder . as they walk back to the party - goer , we notice in the deep shadow of the terrace , where Lisa be just stand , a couple romantically engage in active foreplay . ext . STREET - cafe - day 106 Annie and George sit at a cafe of some sort . annie you have to see you father . GEORGE : why ? annie he 's one of the few people willing to talk to you . George be silent . ext . matty and charle ' apartment build - night 107 as George approach . he look perhaps more troubled than we have see he . GEORGE ( to doorman ) how be you ? 108 109 110 white draft 5/29/09 96 . doorman Fine thank you ... Lisa just come back from she run . GEORGE no , I be here to see my father . ( a little hopefully ) ) be he out ? doorman I will check . as he dial the house phone George fidget . doorman you son be here to see you , Mr. madison ? the doorman nod and George enter . int . matty and charle 's apt . - elevator - night 108 George combatt some enormous tension . int . matty and charle 's apt . bldg . - hallway - night 109 as he knock on he father 's door ... a housekeeper open it and , have be tell to leave when George get there , carry she thing with she so what follow between father and son will take place in privacy ... int . charle 's apartment - night 110 as he enter George take a quick and enormous breath . he be vibrant with conflict emotion which make even he first word difficult to utter ... GEORGE dad . Charles have a drink in he hand . he be glad to see he . charle finally ..... have you be avoid I ? GEORGE yes . absolutely . white draft 5/29/09 charle why ? GEORGE ( that quick ) do you do it ? they be now look at each other . Charles slowly enunciate he word ... charle did..i ..? GEORGE do it ? 97 . Charles half laugh . George be focus , forceful , wound tight so as not to shake . GEORGE so ?!? his father take some stock as he sit down . they be now quite close . charle my gogh ... you be not ask . . GEORGE ( press but calmly so ) do you do something to fabricate earning for the analyst and either knowingly or accidentally put I in this spot ? do you do that ? and , if you do , be you still look , even at this moment , for a way to handle it and I without tell I that you commit a criminal act ? charle easy..easy . this ground we be on be wall to wall mine field . GEORGE oh , for God 's sake , you be a goddamn crook ..... be I right ? charle well , how about one question of my own . be I talk to my son or 4 recording device ? white draft 5/29/09 98 . George lift he father to he foot .. and shake he . . Charles in try to free himself actually slap he son who do not even feel it . he push he father away and head for the door . his father call out he concession . charle sorry I ask that . awful . GEORGE ( turn ) do you have any idea whatsoever who I be ? how could you think ... charle you be right to be offended . what exact re you do ? charle if I do something and if I tell you I would be put you ina seriously , legally compromise position . so will you let I proceed carefully here ? GEORGE no , I will not . just ... tell me. now . what do you do , dad ? charle I do what everyone who do business in the mid-east do .. and I mean everyone .. as in every ... bodddy ... who be not Microsoft or sell something indispensable ... you pay a toll in the mid-east no matter what the country be . if you want to sell in Egypt you go there , rent a office and bribe a egyptian . that 's what I do .... like every ... bodddddy do . I bribe the egyptian . they put money on we book with a order know I would slip the money back to they . George make a sound . charle ( continue ) the stock move more than I -o think . it attract attention . '' > 111 white draft 5/29/09 99 . charle ( cont would ) I do not think it would ever touch you .. and I wish I could somehow express how what be happen to you be the most wrenching experience of my life . and it 's not just emotional . ( tell he truth ) it 's physical . it hurt in a profound and deep way .. my muscle , my skin.. like that side effect I get from lipitor . I be anguish in every way because of what you be go th ..... Charles voice crack ..he be about to ecry .. a fact which be more than George can take . he wig out -- move he face close to he father as he speak with loud urgency . GEORGE ( sputtering poetically ) stop . you damned narcissist .. no you do not .. you can not cry . you ethical mutant . . George be breathe a bit heavily never have come close to talk to he father like this . Charles wipe he eye and meet he son 's gaze and give he some fatherly advice that be deliver with strange calm and intimacy . charle better pace yourself , son . it get worse . as George react . dissolve to : int . matty 's apartment - night 111 matty be work he phone with a pleasant frenzy . his bag pack and stand . he be about to leave for a road trip . Lisa call from the next room . lisa ( o.c. ) I be go to miss you . he smile at a message he just receive and tap out a answer . matty echo that . what be you go to do with yourself ? white draft 5/29/09 lisa coach the rich twin .. maybe hang out with George a little . I be see he later . he send off he reply . matty what ?!? lisa no worry . it 's always athlete for I . and , the team be training in town and .. I dunno.. I be think of drop by . the only thing be ... 100 . but matty be distract as a tone signal a reply to he reply which make he laugh a little so that , as he continue to read , he do not sense Lisa 's presence when she enter to see he enjoy the text .. lisa matty ? he immediately disengage the phone , he attitude very catch in the cookie jar . lisa we need to talk for a second . matty I will call you from the car . lisa be we monogamous ? matty you be feel this way because of the road trip . but we do not have the time to do this . lisa how much time do it take to answer ? matty the answer be , yes , of course , essentially . ( on she look ) that 's the truth . and my rule because I love you , be to always tell you the truth . white draft 5/29/09 101 . lisa you love I ? matty I have tell you that . lisa no , you have not . matty well , I tell the whole bullpen . lisa what 's '' essentially ? '' matty I be not anything like the wild man I use to be . if it bother you , I will attempt to cut out even the anonymous sex . . {before she can speak ) because .. I think we may be head for the biggest result that can happen to a dating couple . lisa oh , Jesus , you stinker . matty a guy be willing to go one thousand mile for you and you criticize he because he ' admittedly 's have not cover the last yard yet . Lisa have have the wind knock out of she . this go deep .. shiver leg , a flash of some prescient terror , the whole deal .. she be briefly helpless to do anything but sort of hold herself and take stock . she be stunne by she own sense of internal devastation . lisa um . . whew .. do this feel like shit . Boy ! so this be what everybody be always talk about . she take a breath ... she freshly oxygenate brain kick in . lisa you have to get the team bus . you do not miss the team bus no matter what . we will talk . I be move out . but we 'il talk . 112 white draft 5/29/09 102 . matty do not break up with I . lisa well , that 's the thing , I do not know if what we have be even anything breakable . matty where you gonna go ? lisa well , I be in luck because my tenant hate my place - they have be try to get out of the deal . ( emphatically ) do not miss you team bus ! we will talk this out when you get back . you can not miss a team bus !!! matty okay , I decide . I be go to be monogamous while I be away . you too ? she nod -- it be the furthest thing from she mind . matty ( continue ) this will be okay . lisa go! he cup she face .. she eye glisten .. he mean what he say next but , still , he be also consciously play he '' a '' game . matty why do woman always look best just as they be shifting away from you ? he give she a light kiss . lisa oh , stop it ! Jesus . she shove he toward the door . int . charle apartment - night 112 George be slump in a cushy chair , virtually asleep .... Charles be on the phone in the next room . white draft 5/29/09 103 . charle ( into phone ) well , I be go to possibly go into all the ramification with my son . then I can meet with you and the other lawyer .. okay , then . he hang up and enter . he nudge George . GEORGE weird . never feel this tired . charle take my advice . I think you should get away from I . cut I off . I have just be try to avoid a inevitable here . have to give up on that . I try to steer you to the right lawyer . you guy be wrong . I could have pay you bill - use money to make the government lose heart in a minor matter . but , no , you pick a shmoe . GEORGE I just work better with fact . just tell I . charle George , I work for a boiler stock operation when I be 19 . there be a violation and I get one year probation . GEORGE why be you bring that up now ? Charles be reluctant to continue . GEORGE go. charle because of that if they find I at all responsible for the current problem I would be a repeat offender and could get 25 year in jail ... that 's why I do not come forward . they look at each other ... that fact produce a genuine , though brief , transcendent moment . in a fleeting gesture George touch he father 's arm in sympathy . white draft 5/29/09 104 , GEORGE wow dad , what be we go to do here ? charle finally and at last not you problem . I need you to go because I be in some wrestle match with myself here . I can not trust myself not to manipulate you - I do not know if I be do it now . ( give it some think } I think I be . GEORGE have it occur to you , as a possibility , that you can just say what happen .. without try to control the outcome ? charle honestly , no . George gesture that it be worth a shot . charle if you ple out the sentence would be three year with a chance of get it down to less than two .. GEORGE and you have .... charle get off . maybe . probably . George feel a sudden thrust of energy . - GEORGE that 's everything ? Charles nod . GEORGE okay . I think this be a good visit . 113 white draft 5/29/09 105 . ext , training facility - day 113 a practice game have just finish . . the u.s.a. beat a solid college team ... one of the u.s.a. 's beefier player ( who we know as particularly emotional girl ) hit a home run and win the game . . some photographer shove the home run hitter out of the way to take picture of cam , who be on base at the time ... long shot a figure on a hill take in the action . close on lisa gnawing on she lip in anxiety . she be actually consider leave before anyone see she . back to the action as the team line up to shake hand .. riva hurry through the line spot Lisa and dash up the hill ... at least half she teammate join she ... include the home run hitter . on lisa even as she shout a admonishment ... lisa do you even finish shaking hand with the other team ? coach 's 11 blame I . but , here come the hug and oh , God she love they -- even as she experience the rush of be with they , she be work she ass off to appear light-heart . she put she face close to the beefy girl . lisa look at you .. Little miss Home run to the opposite field . particularly emotional girl insane that you be here for it . ( to other teammate ) she work on opposite field power with I . 114 white draft 5/29/09 106 . ext . field area - dusk 114 as riva and Lisa sit on the grass together , have a beer . the vibe be clearly intimate . they look down on the well - light play field ... riva . you be do okay . you make the adjustment . give it time . maybe grad school and odd job be not the right thing . anybody would want you as a assistant coach . lisa I have to wade ? that one . riva till what ? lisa till I will not envy my player . riva Holy shit , lise .. this be not you . lisa I hope not . do not tell anyone I be this bad , or do I show it ? ( genuinely alarmed ) do everybody see it .. be it leak out of I ? and all of this whining I do serve nothing ... like my mother say to I when she be sick , '' you can not cry and fix something at the same time . '' ( dab at she eye ) now I be go to feel sorry for myself for lose my mother . just wallow , wallow , wallow . riva move closer to put she arm around Lisa , who immediately shift away , wave it off , not feel deserve of comforting . and then , instead , grab she friend two hand in a attempt to give instead of take . lisa ( continue ) listen to I , riva , ' cause this be my gift to you for put up with I tonight . stay ' till they tear you away , honey . 115 116 white draft 5/29/09 107 . lisa ( cont would ) play you heart out and when that 's not enough .. kiss ass , have sex with a booster , do whatever it take to hang on .. because after what we have ... you have .. real life be a killer . ext . railroad track - night 115 to see Lisa in a very underpopulated commuter train car . she simply must find surcease . int . george' apt . - night 116 as he sit at he computer try to write a letter . it be a warm night and he large window be open at he elbow . we move in on he computer .. but just as we begin to read he hit the delete key sweeping away two paragraph and leave just , '' dear dad . " his phone ring . he mishit the phone as he answer . GEORGE hello . even though he have yet to engage the phone he vaguely hear Lisa . lisan voice hello ? he hit the right phone key . lisa hi. puzzle now by have seemingly hear Lisa 's distant voice without benefit of a phone connection . he lean out he window . he Pov Lisa stand beneath he window .. phone in hand . she be work real hard at be the casual , immediate , uncomplicate girl she be so recently . but in this time of distress it be just faux real folk . lisa how you do ? GEORGE good . you okay ? white draft 5/29/09 108. lisa uh-huh . sure be . hope it 's not too late to call . she turn around and look up at the window ..he lean away from the window . GEORGE no . what 's go on ? lisa nothing . just that we make indefinite plan to hang out and I be try to nail they down .. schedule my week . GEORGE well , anytime , though soon would be advisable . lisa ( snort at the preposterous think ) I guess it 's too late for tonight . GEORGE no . not at all . I be wait for a call from my friend if she have she baby tonight .. but we can deal with that if it happen . lisa okay . well , what the heck . let 's take a shot . I can be there in ... less than a half hour . GEORGE good . lisa this time of night it could be faster . GEORGE good . I hope so . lisa okay . I '11 see you soon and we will just hang out . I mean , do you feel like hang out ? GEORGE yes . 117 118 white draft 5/29/09 lisa okay , so we will do it . ext . george' apt . - night new angle on lisa 20 minute later as she kill time . she glance at he : int . george' apt - night 109 . 117 i watch . 118 there igs a knock on the door .. .he open it and Lisa enter . lisa I think I should go . GEORGE huh ? lisa because I be nut and I seem to be go around dump this nutty person on every nice person T know . I be downstairs when I call you . GEORGE I know . lisa and you be not go to say anything ? GEORGE no. lisa why not ? GEORGE I just do not want to ... lisa embarrass I ? GEORGE some cousin of that . lisa you look good . you look rest . but everyone look rest to I . George , help I out . white draft 5/29/09 110 . he stand poise to do anything . GEORGE with ? lisa I can not stop gripe . you be the one who say it . '' do you ever want to delete everything you say just as you finish say it ? '' and I think that be the strangest thing and lately I hear myself be so weak , and whiny and needy that I wish I could dele ... George quite suddenly clamp a hand over she mouth .. she be surprised .. feel a little violate , in fact .. the observant will note that she actually have make a fist . close on lisa' eye as they appear over George 's hand and she try to make sense of the situation . GEORGE I think the answer to what you be talk about be to stop talk . just deny a voice to the thing that be fall apart . no lip service . that 's my advice . which I think I get from you . sorry to handle you and the situation like this but it be a impulse . I be let go now . ( notice the fist ) do not hit I . on lisan eye as they reflect understanding and gratitude just before he release she ... she take a breath .. touch he lightly in gratitude and move away to sit down . the phone ring . GEORGE {into phone ) hey. really ... how much ? how do you feel ?... yeah sure ..now..can I bring a friend ? see you soon . he hang up . 119 white draft 5/29/09 111 . GEORGE ( to Lisa ) she have the baby . I be go over . you want to come ? lisa no . I have be in the way and .. ( she stop herself / mock stronger ) sure. okay . thanks . int . hospital - night 119 as George and Lisa sit in Annie 's hospital room .. her parent be just leave . Annie have a sleep baby in she arm .. and be try to hostess the come and go .. annie hey , boss .. look what I find . . {to Lisa ) and you 's be ? lisa Lisa . annie ( enormously pleased ) wow. mom.. dad..that 's boss and .. GEORGE George madison . mom good to see you , George .. Lisa .. Annie have tell we about you both . Lisa be mystify . as they turn to wave to Annie .. annie thanks guy and remember dad there be lotsa of tv show with single mom heroine . dad I be fine . it 's fine . everybody 's healthy . that 's it . ( to Lisa ) yhat 's it , right ? Lisa be mystify . white draft 5/29/09 lisa yes , sir . they exit . annie it 's kill he .. ( to Lisa ) Nice to meet you finally . Lisa be distract by the size of the baby . lisa gee whiz . annie ( proudly ) 10 pound 10 . and I be three day early . lisa you exhaust ? annie oh.. I be slap happy . GEORGE World 's luckiest baby . annie ( pointedly to Lisa ) leave it to boss to say the great thing . the phone ring . annie ( into phone ) hello .. you be here ? fourth floor . oh well , then just ask for double didget 's room . that 's what we be all call he for now . ( sheepishly to she baby ) you dad be here . 112 . George and Lisa smile and start to go . Lisa linger for a second to peek at the baby .. they turn and George turn to see he father enter the room . this Chinatown moment be immediate and visceral --- George speak in the hushed tone of the break . GEORGE no . . no . white draft 5/29/09 113. Lisa glance up . George be on the verge of a seizure as Charles be nudge out the room 's doorway by a heavyset man carry flower and a old model video camera.. his name be al . GEORGE {quickly transition to Al ) hi. congratulation on the birth of you baby . Al lean forward and hug Annie , kiss the baby on the head . annie ( to Charles ) it be very nice for you to come by , Mr. madison . charle just want to drop this off .. tell you not to worry about you job in any way . annie well , that 's oh-my - God great to hear . Charles , have score he point , look around . charle ( to George ) you okay ? GEORGE top . charle think you might be here . would you like to talk - go over anything .. any new thought ? GEORGE no . not yet . charle you be think thing out . GEORGE not at this precise moment . I be on a break . white draft 5/29/09 114 . charle there 's a time factor that I can no longer shield you from . ( notice Lisa ) you a relative of Annie 's ? lisa I be a friend of George . Lisa . Charles eye she more closely and extend he hand . charle good to meet you . call I Charles . lisa okay . charle I speak to George minute after he meet you for the first time . Lisa be mystify . lisa no kid . charle yes .. so I be the first to know . Lisa be mystify . lisa outstanding . charle I be he father . lisa oh. good to see you . charle that 's nice of you to say . okay , all .. I Love you , son . goodnight everyone . Charles exit . George be still come down from what he briefly think . annie ( to George ) boss , when he walk in .. you do not think ? white draft 5/29/09 115 . George concede that he do with a look . annie you poor guy . Al and Lisa exchange greeting . Al be flushed with visceral pleasure . Annie look over at he ... eye contact that contain the d.n.a. of all that be good and produce huge grin . on al the moment of he life be upon he . he walk over to George and whisper as he hand he he video camera . hey ?! I be shore ) . do something record it .. Red button . ( he sit on the bed face the mother of he child ) I get to say something ..to you . for christ 's sake to the two of you . I do not want you to think the reason we be not marry be because I think anyone else be anything . it 's because I be 47 and a failure . annie I x11 kill you - you talk like that . during this exchange Lisa feel she be somehow violate they privacy and be try to make she getaway but she can not get George 's attention . Nonetheless she decide to exit and walk to the door . al I 'il get work I guess .. but no seniority anymore or ... but do not get I sidetracked . the reason I do not talk marriage be I could not stand to see you -- the princess of worry -- weight down by I and my limited prospect . and now he have Lisa 's attention . she pause at the door . al because I get you worry . and people could think that 's the bad thing about you but I get that it 's because of you great heart .. and I love you for it . white draft 5/29/09 116 . al ( cont would ) and then I worried about what would happen to you - and now the little hulk - if you end up with someone who think you worry be -- annie neurotic ? al yes . someone who do not get you .. who make you feel bad about yourself .. who want you to be more normal .. who want you to like yourself more . who want you to change . who do not love all of it . who would not leave great enough alone . and , -- I do not sleep , man ... I think I can do that for you ... and that be a legitimate function for I in you life . Annie cheer as if at a ballgame . al and that allow I to propose to you that we get marry . Annie blubber . Al be emotional . Lisa be rapt . Al hug Annie .. Lisa and George applaud as Annie and Al have a brief and intimate exchange . annie you nre not scared anymore . al I be . but scared be a step up from terror and terror be what I feel about lose you . Annie gasp . Al hold she in this , they quintessential moment . Al look at George and say through tear glaze eye . al do you get it ? GEORGE ( stricken ) oh my God .. I just get catch up with what you be say . . al ( this can not have happen ) you do not get it ? white draft 5/29/09 117 . GEORGE no . Annie have miss this exchange due to be bliss out . Al he do not get it . annie ( stricken ) he do not get it ???? GEORGE I can not tell you how ... lisa ( drive force ) come on .. right away - let 's do it again . just do it now .. go ahead , Al . we will record it . Al be willing but there be a problem . al who know what I say ? GEORGE i. sure do .. lisa let 's just think and piece this together right away .. everyone be wiping tear away as they agree to try . Al get to he initial position when he say he piece . George , as deliberately as possible , push the record switch . what follow be very informal .. some improve call for ; people talk on top of one another .. this group exercise be mark by great spirit and enormous light heartedness . . but still real dedication to the task at hand .. recreate the proposal . on al as he take he highly self - conscious shot . al I do not want you to think that the reason I do not ask to get marry be because I ever have a think of anyone else ... he 's stick . white draft 5/29/09 118. GEORGE ( to Al ) you say it be because you have no prospect . you use the word '' failure . '' al ( to Annie ) it 's because I do not want to saddle you with a 47 year old failure . Lisa come in quickly . lisa Annie . . '' I ' 11 kill you if .. '' annie olaugh ) thanks . '' I x11 kill you if you talk like that . '' GEORGE then you say that you do not want she to end up with .. annie someone who want she to change what she could not change .. Annie 's line grounds thing . the laughter stop --- the import and dignity return - annie ( cont ' d) someone who do not get I . GEORGE there be that whole list . lisa ( primarily to Annie ) he be worried that you have be with someone who make you feel bad about yourself ... who want you to like yourself in a different way . who want you to change . who do not love all of you . white draft 5/29/09 119 . GEORGE ( primarily to al} you say that protect she from that - appreciate she the way you do .. be a legitimate function for you in she life . al wow . I say that ? annie I feel like you be all propose to I . al and then I ask you to marry I . lisa no , no , no ! what you say be ... ( enunciate very carefully ) * I propose to you that we get marry . '' annie and you call he , '' little hulk , '' which , I do not know why , be my favorite thing . I love you so much , Al . thanks everybody . {to George ) I think we have it . he stop recording . she hold she arm out and give he a hug . annie I be so worried about you . GEORGE please do not . al let she be . George nod .. clap Al on the back . Lisa approach Annie and have to laugh even as she say the nuclear understatement . lisa well , it be nice meeting you . they hug . Annie laugh as well . 120 121 white draft 5/29/09 120 . annie Nice meeting you too . I love you . and that crack they up because , like they say , '' it 's funny because it 's true . '' lisa ( helplessly ) I too . George be truly digging Lisa . and now the awkwardness as they nod and exit . int . hospital corridor - night 120 the awful thing be the sharp change in they ethos . a second ago they seem a couple .. and now , that quickly , much like double digit so recently experience , they be thrust from that warm , safe , womb like space into the awkward starkness of the real world . there be considerable culture shock as they walk toward the exit of the hospital self - consciously , the space between they as they walk widen in small increment . ext . hospital - bus stop - night 121 as they exit - ( some horrible but legit sign about heaith insurance regulation in the background . ) it 's a warm night , light breeze blow , streetlight provide just the right light and each of they still look for a proper punctuation to the recent experience . a small but persistent shyness have come into they atmosphere . lisa thanks ... she be surprised that the word come out with difficulty .. she be still a bit choke up . she laugh slightly and give it another go . there be a unmistakable shyness . lisa thanks for the soul food . i'11 just catch my bus over there ? GEORGE I nil wait with you . lisa {softly ) okay , good . thanks . white draft 5/29/09 121. and then , with such ill timing that they each take it in with a bit of horror , the bus turn the corner . Lisa shrug . and then , as she board the bus , note that George already have he back to she and be walk away . as the bus start up . on GEORGE so sullen at be cheat out of he moment with Lisa that a outburst escape he just as Lisa , aboard the bus , pass unnotice in the background . GEORGE {to the heaven ) I can not catch a break ! full shot - the STREET as George continue to walk and see that Lisa have get off the bus at the next street . she jog he way . GEORGE what ? lisa what ? I see you .. shouting and all crazy . GEORGE no . just weird that you be off that fast . lisa well , I can wait for the next bus . you just charge away . GEORGE yeah . okay . look up the desert street . GEORGE well , I think we will have some time now . wo not .... another bus appear ... lisa what be this ? GEORGE I think it 's the opposite of a bus strike . white draft 5/29/09 she nod with a half smile -- it be sort of clever let it pass . GEORGE ( continue ) wo not matty be worried ? lisa ummm . I do not tell you we be not live together right now ? I think I do . GEORGE no . I would have remember . 122 . . as they the bus stop near they . the driver step out and light a cigarette . the bus’ sign show a change of route driver you have get till I finish this . GEORGE okay . thanks . GEORGE ( to lisa} go ahead . . matty ? lisa we be still work on it froma different slant ..he get back tomorrow . he 's throw I a belate birthday party tomorrow night . go all out . not my choice but when you be in something you have get to give it everything you have . GEORGE make sense . be I invite ? lisa ( totally throw ) sure .. but it 's a very testosterony group . GEORGE se I be invite ? lisa sure . what be you talk about ? of course . 122 123 white draft 5/29/09 123. the driver toss he cigarette and reboard the bus as Lisa start to follow he . GEORGE when be you birthday ? lisa tonight ... she lean over and give he a kiss on the cheek . int . george' apt . - night 122 as he enter propel by the confusion fly away from he mind and spirit . one shout word ... GEORGE clarity ! he go to the table near the ever open window where we briefly see and read bit of the worksheet ( read reason for and reason against ... the top line on one , '' ft do not want to go to jail . '' on the other , '' I do not want my father to spend the rest of he life in jail . '' ) he crumple the sheet , toss they and speed dial he father who answer before one ring be finish . intercut between int . charle 's apartment - night 123 charle George . GEORGE I think I figure it out . I do not want to talk right now . I '11 come see you tomorrow night . charle well , could you give I some indication . GEORGE tomorrow . charle George , I ... white draft 5/29/09 124. GEORGE I know . you love I . I love you too . tomorrow . 124 ext . charle and mattyn apartment build - night 124 upbeat music as George approach . . she have work on he look .. best suit , tie etc . he look great . in front of the pbuild , a card table have peen set up manned by two of the ballplayer we have previously see at the party . they be in the process of very reluctantly deny admission to two gorgeous girl . gorgeous girl why text we if you be not go to let we in ? ball player because I do not know matty be not go to allow fun . gorgeous girl well , do not ever invite we again to anything . I feel degrade . ball player okay ... I be sorry , I will give you three hundred dollar and my phone number . gorgeous girl alright . George enter in the background . doorman go to the party , George . GEORGE not yet . 125 int . charle apartment hallway - night 125 George knock on he father 's door . Charles answer it . charle ( tense ) hi , son . just a minute , my lawyer be just leave . 126 white draft 5/29/09 125 . and so they begin to file out ... endlessly .. maybe 20 of they .. we do not wait for the last to appear . int . matty 's walk in closet - night 126 we hear he tell Lisa , off - camera , how great it be to see she as he lead she toward we . he be carry a garbage bag -- some of the follow speech be off -camera . matty I have not go without a woman so long since I have mono in high school but it feel -- well you see the box score , three one inning stint , three up , three down , top five player of the month talk .. he go to the tooth brush @rawer and dump they in the bag , he go to the sweat outfit drawer and begin dump they . lisa you be not go to throw they away ? matty yeah . it 's a statement . lisa give they to a hospital or something . manna great idea . the clubhouse guy will take care of it . and no unattach woman allow tonight .. one guy be bring he sister . . now . he sit she down in he '' valet chair . " the kind with a mahogany wooden hanger , little wooden dish for cuff link , and little cane seat . matty I get to give you a gift . she eye he -- churn . there be a paper Tiffany bag suddenly in evidence . this be clearly a important moment come up .. some flower strewn crossroad .. she be grip by a tightness which she hope be excitement but might be terror . there seem to be only one course open to she and she take it . white draft 5/29/09 126 . lisa I have to pee . 127 int . charle apartment - hallway - night 127 Charles sit and indicate the chair for George . GEORGE no , thanks . I have to get someplace . charle you look ... GEORGE great ? I be shoot for great tonight . okay .. I know you want the bottom line but do you care about my reason ? charle ( wisely lie ) yes , of course . GEORGE first thing .. and it be a all nighter to get there .. you know , same as in anything the answer start with ask the right question .. and the question here be not whether I go to jail or you do ? charle it be not ? GEORGE no . the question be will I go to jail for three year ..or live for 25 year feel awful because of you be in jail . charle ( sincerely ) very good . GEORGE I go over different scenario to get vary perspective . if I have Children I would not consider go to jail . white draft 5/29/09 127 . charle but you do not . GEORGE right . or , if I have someone crucial to the life I want for myself ; it would be perverse - some denunciation of the experience of life itself , if I give that up . Charles prepare to take some very rough medicine . charle well , that 's a extreme point of view .. do you have such a person ? GEORGE t..... - do not ......- know . I be go downstairs and somehow find out . there 's a party . she 's there . there 's another guy . charle you mean she may be unavailable ? just the word kill he . rob he briefly of he exuberance . GEORGE ( mumble ) tean ' thinkthatwayrightnowthendo not . charle what ? George try to think of he think .. and do . GEORGE I can not think that way right now . ' Cause I be go down there and take my shot .. if I do not have a chance with she I ' 1l1 go to jail for you , dad .. but if I have any chance at ali , I can not .. ( take a excited breath ) wish I luck . and so he exit . charle ( wanly ) good luck . 128 white draft 5/29/09 128. int . matty 's apt . - walk in closet - night 128 as matty arrange a small Tiffany 's paper bag on the floor near the valet chair . Lisa enter from the toilet . matty indicate she should sit in the chair again . he pick up the small bag and wave it ... then suddenly realize the impression he be give ; which might have screw up everything which would make he a moron . he quickly blurt out a key fact to avoid crush Lisa with disappointment . matty it 's not a ring . ( on she reaction ) well , you do not have to look so relieved . she smooches he on the head , patching he ego leak . now she sit . matty okay . maybe I do not get on a knee for this but ... he bow more like a curtsey . it be sweet . she be touch . matty take a breath ; scale a great mountain with great uncertainty as to the purpose . he take out a box and hand it to she .. she start to unwrap it carefully . matty come on , not so slow . he actually start to rip at it .. she join he in a share light moment and look inside . lisa whoa , whoa , whoa .. it 's gorgeous . but ... it 's gorgeous . matty but what ? lisa just think about when I would wear it . matty I all take you place . she now remove a eleven thousand dollar watch circle in diamond . white draft 5/29/09 129 . -~ matty do you not get the meaning ? lisa ( no idea whatsoever ) um..that time be .. what ? that it 's we time to have a new kind of time that .. matty ( gravely ) it mean that we be engage to be engage . Lisa look on the back of the watch . matty it do not say it . you just know it .. my father give my mother a watch and four year later they be engage . lisa okay . o~ matty do not say , ”okay . '' ask anyone . lisa it 's beautiful . thank you . matty look disappointed . lisa well , I do not know what to say . matty ( coach ) you be blow away ? lisa I be blow away . matty grin .. suddenly George stick he head in the door . he see they . GEORGE oh , sorry . lisa hey . you show ? 129 white draft 5/29/09 130 . GEORGE yes . I will be right out here . matty good to see you . GEORGE thanks . he duck out . matty we better get go . we first party as a couple . lisa what be we that other time ? he hug she . int . matty' live room ~ night 129 all the ball player crowded in as a man with a jump suit and a jet helicopter logo on he back carry in two large crate of live lobster to the kitchen . he be move with considerable speed . . some of the ballplayer applaud . on GEORGE as he pause on the outskirt of the gather . . from he pocket he take a small jar shape gift wrap box . george' Pov as Lisa enter the room and start to head over , then shrug helplessly , as matty intercept she to show off she new watch .. there be several reaction shot from the player and they woman to the watch . George move to the terrace where a buffet line have already form for the lobster .. on lisa her arm extend show she watch while she head crane look for George . lisa let I go find George , he do not know anybody . matty ( uncomfortable then ) I ' 11 come with you . 130 white draft 5/29/09 131. as they start for the terrace , matty be waylaid by Tori ( the japanese pitcher . ) he be with the girl whose bodice catch he note . she clearly love the guy - on lisa as George come up behind she and forcefully move she out to the terrace ..--- ext . matty 's apt . - ' terrace - night : 130 GEORGE I have to talk with you . lisa sure . how you do ? GEORGE pretty good .. heighten awareness , anxious , excited .. I get you 4 gift . he hand she the package . she sit at a small metal outdoor table . she open it elaborately and slowly . he wait patiently . somehow she become aware of a strange rush of appreciation for this small fact - that briefly though enormously touch she . she stop unwrap to look at he and unconsciously say 4 mouthful . lisa thanks for not rush I . George react to the scream subtext as , finally , she see the gift . and whatever petal of hers be just open slam shut . she be puzzle . his stock have clearly fall . lisa man , you be odd . we now see the gift . it be the can of play - doh George take from he office . we will also have see it in the background of a few shot jn he apartment - GEORGE odd good or odd bad ? lisa well , I ‘ma fan of regular . white draft 5/29/09 132 . GEORGE that 's only half the gift . it 's nothing without the story . the story make it regular . she be skeptical - he start sell hard . shot GEORGE ( continue ) this stuff be invent by a man in central Ohio as a white goo use to remove soot from wallpaper , which get really filthy from old fashioned heating . perhaps the world 's first look of a woman 's wrist circle by a diamond watch while she hand hold a can of play - doh . Lisa ( she thought , GEORGE ( continue ) so as gas and electric heating come in there be no more need for this clean goo . the guy be go under , everything he base he life on be come to a end . then he sister - in - law who be a nursery school teacher ... lisa ( interrupt ) this be a true story ? GEORGE ( triumphantly ) the man 's name be Joe mcvicker , he sister - in - law be Kay zoofall . lisa okay , I believe you . GEORGE Kay Zoofall discover that she little kid like squeezing the goo a lot more than hard modeling clay . she suggest to she brother - in- law Joe that they color the stuff and call it play - doh . life spend on a foundation of motivational sentence and storey ) be jazze by the tale . white draft 5/29/09 133. lisa hey. .nice . GEORGE so I just keep this around . . for proof that we be just one small adjustment away from make we life work . you can see why I think of this for you . lisa yes . GEORGE take back what you say about I be odd . lisa Fair enough . ( she brandish the gift ) thanks . I be go to put it away before anyone ask I what I be do with it . I could never tell that story as well as you do . she exit . George watch she go . so do matty who now approach George . matty hey , you try the lobster ? GEORGE not yet . matty you should . ( look at he watch ) one hour and fifty - one minute ago it be swim in the ocean . GEORGE Way to go . matty ( a beat . then ) you mess with I ? GEORGE ( realize ) yeah . unintend and unwarranted but , yeah .... sorry . white draft 5/29/09 134 . matty do Lisa show you the watch ? before George can answer .. . the bullpen guy approach . . Doug ( the man of few word ) , Ryan ( who cause matty to realize that he be in love ) and Tori who we have just see with he gal . ryan we get a big announcement . matty ad lib intros to '' Lisa 's friend , George . '' matty so what 's the announcement ? I be in love brp ) , will get marry . doug serendipity . matty ( to George ) he meet he girl when we be all in the bullpen discuss how you know when you be in love . GEORGE ( sincerely ) great question . Lisa approach . matty , 2 little pugnaciously , seek to put George on the spot . matty get a answer ? we get a answer . GEORGE let 's see . he concentrate . it be a weirdly long beat . ryan you can get back to we . the player laugh . but George have a bead on the answer . GEORGE you be in this space that have not exist before and the only two thing you know be that you be in this space , and .. white draft 5/29/09 135 . GEORGE ( cont would ) ( he see Lisa ) as '' odd " ag that be , the only other thing you be just as sure of be that she 's in there with you . matty yeah , that 's close to we thing . Doug note Lisa 's reaction to George . doug {to matty ) curtain . he walk to Lisa . she be staggered but hang onto propriety . she try to treat it lightly . lisa what 's with you tonight ? GEORGE I need to talk to you . really . and that mean I have to get you out of this party . and if that feel out of the question to you ; there 's probably nothing to talk about . matty show he the watch . GEORGE I be go to wait at the bus stop for the next --- seven day . . no . t’1l hang out there a while . he leave . on lisa she go through the five stage of compliance .. what be they again ? amusement , confusion , awkwardness , resistance , decision . with decision she tug at matty 's sleeve to indicate she need a moment of privacy with he . they walk to another area . . matty with the air of confidence ... once they find they spot . before she can speak . matty do not dump I . lisa matty , I think you be move a little too quickly . i) white draft 5/29/09 136. matty first time I have be accuse of that . lisa you can not make important decision when you head be mush . and tonight be extremely confusing to I .. George never ... maybe I 'il just go hang out with he . I do not know what to do at this party anyway .. and this be not really for my birthday ... none of my friend be here . matty that be my mistake .. should have think of that . too little , too late and stupid . I can learn from this . lisa you be fine , you be sweet , you be fun .. matty all the hot word . lisa this be positive . we be not ducking anything . . everything 's out in the open . matty you know what . go ahead . hang out . but I want you to take in that I be the kind of guy who have the confidence to say that . that 's key to any decision you make . lisa get it . she put the diamond watch on the valet chair tray .. she look at he ... this parting not easy for either one .. matty be try to duck the unique pang which be envelop he . with utter lack of conviction : matty I be confident . she ig touch . she hug he and exit . 131 132 133 white draft 5/29/09 137 . ext . apartment build lobby / STREET - night 131 as Lisa exit the elevator and she step quicken a bit . she see the doorman ... angle on doorman and he Pov as he look down the street where George look disconsolate . - the doorman blow he whistle . George look up . he see the doorman point and then Lisa be on the street ; the doorman direct she toward George , who have light up . - Lisa move toward he more somber . . ext . angle on SMALL terrace - night 132 Charles stand there look down . charle Pov as he see he son stand alone . bum . and then a beat , George turn and take on a new energy - Lisa enter the frame move toward he . on charle as he react and then turn to enter he apartment to begin mount he defense . " xt . bus stop - night 133 lisa' Pov George wear a grin more slap happy than romantic . Lisa more somber . GEORGE what should we do ? be you hungry ? lisa o£ course . GEORGE I have Annie 's stuff . pisa nod .. she be have a hard time take in the beam George . . the bus arrive ... 134 white draft 5/29/09 138. int . bus - night 134 Lisa and George sit together . . George continue to look at she but fail to make eye contact . '' Lisa steel peek at he ... not overjoy by he seem deliverance . GEORGE you know what 's amazing ..---- do you ? lisa . no. GEORGE all the worst thing happen to I and if they have not we would not be here now , so. '' really something ... be something wrong ? liga react by bury she head in she hand and rub she hand through she hair . lisa well , yes -- she bury she face in she hand .. GEORGE do you have a problem with I ? lisa yes . GEORGE I would sure like to know what it be . she look at he directly for the first time . lisa you be in love with I and I be on a second date . GEORGE ( agree ) that sum it up - end credit begin : 135 white draft 5/29/09 139 . ext . george' apt - night 135 as we look in from the street . the window open .. Lisa at the refrigerator take out some food . George lean over to help she . Lisa exit to the next room . we see Lisa enter the live room and place plate on the table by the window ; as George put they dinner in the microwave in the adjoin kitchen window . Lisa stand still and tall and think .. she be , at this moment , the poster girl for '' private moment . '' her think be as nervous make as it be insistent . she decide , after a long layoff from same , to trust she instinct . she exit frame . George turn as she enter the kitchen . she kiss he . fade out : ( more )