a simple favor written by jessica sharzer revision by jessica sharzer , Peter Craig and Paul feig base on a simple favor by darcey Bell current revision by paul feig June 29th , 2017 white production draft : JULY 10 , 2017 a computer screen - int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day 1 a YouTube page await a live stream vlog to start , the screen blank . on the right side of the screen be a comment section . comment be be write in quick succession : tigermom217 : any word about Emily ? yogalover999 : have you hear anything ? lives2 Zumba : be emi okay ? mompowerl4 : my kid love you bundt cake recipe ! ninjamom911 : please tell US emily 's not dead !!!!! the screen pop on , revealing stephanie smother , a cute , conservative , earnest young mother and mommy blogger . she 's in a modest country kitchen with a cozy feel . there 's a child 's art work on the refrigerator behind she . on the counter in front of Stephanie be she cookie ingredient : flour , brown sugar , chocolate chip , zucchini , measure cup , mixing bowl , spatula , pan . stephanie hi , mom . Stephanie here . as promise , today I ’1ll be share my secret recipe for zucchini chocolate chip cookie . you kid will never know they be eat a full serve of veggy . but first -- ( she voice shift , grave ) -- many of you have ask for a update on the Emily situation . for that of you new to my vlog ... ( check computer screen ) that 's you , babette9 and violet rblue , thanks for join ... you should know that my best friend Emily be miss . she ask I for a simple favor : to pick up she son nicky from school . that be nine day ago . she have not come back yet ... ( voice break ; regroup ) I hope you will forgive I . I be just so worried about she . and I want to help the police track she down . but I be realize I do not know she as well as I think . like my mother use to say , God rest she soul , '' secret be like margarine . easy to spread , but bad for the heart . '' but as different as we be , I truly consider Emily my best friend . we son bring we together . she 's such a wonderful , elegant person ... she clear a tear , then compose herself . stephanie ( cont ’d I be sorry , for all we new friend , let I catch you up . I meet Emily a few week ago at school ... ext . warfield elementary school - day 2 hammer rain fall on a quaint Connecticut elementary school . it ping onto the abandon gungle gym and swing set , a ominous crack of lightning hrough the bar . a volvo station wagon drive alone through the torrent . stephanie ( post - lap it be International cuisine day in my son mile 's 2nd grade class and , once again , I draw Sweden . ext . warfield elementary school - parking lot - day 3 try to juggle a umbrella , photo equipment , and the hatchback , Stephanie fight to extract the tray of swedish meatball ( each adorn with a miniature flag ) . she can not quite pull it off and spill a few onto the pavement . stephanie oh , nut . she turn and race toward the school , splash through puddle in she talbot sky blue moccasin . int . warfield elementary - kindergarten classroom - later 4 the tray of meatball have now be eat , paper flag dead in puddle of cold gravy . they sit on a table with other remnant of a consume international pot luck . on the ground , block , dinosaur - two boy have make a alternate universe , which they now demolish with toy truck . mile smother ( 5 ) be a shy kid with the alert eye of he mother . nicky ( 5 ) be a rambunctious towhead , ready for trouble . mile both admire and fear he aggression . nicky you be all dead ! I kill everyone . mile retrieve he lego man from the wreckage , upbeat . mile not I . I come back to life . below a banner that read '' ethnic food Day '' sit the spend parent : stacy ( 30 , cardigan and culottes ) , sona ( 30 , East indian ) , darren ( 40 , put together ) dandle he toddler lulu . mrs . kerry I want to thank everyone who participate in today 's feast . vay ! class , do not we learn so much about food from around the world ? give you parent a big hand . the distract kid clap as the parent nod . freeze frame : the parent look with dread at the lens . reverse on - Stephanie , deck out like a war correspondent with photo gear . she check she video display , not loving the shot . stephanie oh , shoot . the lighting be pretty bad . stacy just set it to Auto . stephanie what 's the fun in that ? all right , everybody look like you be have fun ! 3 . qhey stare ahead like mug shot and she snap another . as she head off to get more action shot , the parent talk : sona , how can she still have energy ? darren there must be crystal meth in that meatball . mrs . kerry , the teacher , call over to the group of parent : mrs . kerry and parent , do not forget , there 's a sign - up sheet on the board for we Easter egg hunt next week . please , Stephanie , don sign up for more than one job . Stephanie look catch as she start to erase the first two of she four signature she 's just write on the sign - up sheet . mrs . kerry ( cont 'd ) I be not sure everyone have get a chance to volunteer yet . Stephanie glance over at nicky , angrily smash he block creation with a truck . stephanie mile , honey ? maybe keep you finger away from nicky 's truck . mrs . kerry have nicky 's Mom volunteer ? sona 's daughter have come over and lay across sona 's knee , limp as a sack of apple . darren ( incredulous ) Emily ? please . I do not think she know it 's Easter . she 's in the city 24/7 . stacy God , it have be my dream to run pr_ for Dennis Nylon . can you imagine all the free shit she must get ? the party ? I would kill for one night of she life . sona struggle to keep she daughter from fall on she head . sona I would miss my kid too much . honey , sit up . this game be hurt mommy 's knee . darren ( baby voice , to he lulu ) sona 's right , lulu ! you have miss daddy if he work in the Big City , would not you ? he fart - kiss she cheek , then she stomach . she laugh . 4. Stephanie 's in a quandary . she wonder whether to erase she name from decoration or snack . always the problem - solver , Stephanie try to come up with a equitable solution : stephanie what if I just erase myself from decoration and leave it for Emily ? then if she can not make it , I ’11l still bring my balloon and helium tank . stacy please tell I you do not actually own a helium tank . it just slip out of stacy - and she regret it . Stephanie be a bit hurt by the comment but try to hide it . stephanie I think lot of people own helium tank , stacy . if they do not , they should . kid love balloon , especially floaty one . mrs . kerry ( try. ying to save Stephanie ) it 's 3 ! a perfect plan , Stephanie . we 'il leave decoration open for Emily . Stephanie look proud , then notice the other parent stare er like she 's a alien . she deflate a bit . ext . warfield elementary - moment later 5 under the awning outside the school , parent be claim they child and try to get they to put on raincoat . umbrellas snap open as water cascade off the awning . Stephanie return from load she car , greeting she son mile again as he emerge beside a jacketless nicky . stephanie hey , smooch . great work today . nicky ( laugh ) smooch ? mile ( a wither look ) thanks a lot , mom . nicky can I and mile have a playdate today ? stephanie '' mile and I , '' sweetie . and I be not sure . we would have to 's ask you mommy - and she 's probably still in city . nicky she 's right there . nicky point as Stephanie spin to see : 5 . walk across the soak playground in a perfect straight line , a raise black umbrella over the sleek outline of a burberry trenchcoat - come emily nelson . she walk as if on a fashion runway , never veer in the downpour even as a lose hello Kitty umbrella blow like a tumbleweed across she ath . she 's a classic beauty . light a cigarette . nicky high ive she and then hug she . she hug he back tightly . emily ( to nicky ) hello , little man . __nicky hello , big woman . emily do not tell I you lose another jacket ? mile ask she ! emily ask I what ? nicky can I and ... can I and ... ( correct himself ) I just want a play date . emily good for you . and I want a unlimited expense account . neither event be happen . let 's go . mile nicky play-date ! play-date ! play-date ! play-date ! Emily give a world - weary sigh . emily nicky , stop . I have get a ton of work . nicky then keep you door close and we will not even bother zou you do not have to do anything ! Emily glance at Stephanie , as if she might find solidarity in this other mom . Stephanie give she a bright smile . emily please just get in the car , sweetie . nicky you do not let I do anything ! you do not let I have any friend ! Emily feel the other parent watch . she flick she cigarette into a flower bed and turn to Stephanie . emily do you drink ? I need a martini . stephanie a martini . wow . I have not have a martini in forever . Apple 's my favorite . Emily stare a beat , then pivot back to nicky . . emily get in the car . no play date . nicky then I be stay here . stephanie of course , it do not need to be apple . Emily turn back to Stephanie , who smile at she again . Emily just shake she head and sigh , defeat . get a small smile . emily Christ , he 's as stubborn as I be . I be never gonna win this . ( to Stephanie ) why do not you come over for a non ple drink and they can play ? I need back -up mile and nicky erupt into cheer , while Stephanie look both excited and nervous to be invite . she unconsciously fix she hair and straighten she blouse . stephanie that would be lovely . no apple allow . boo , apple . ha ha . Emily give she a look of '' what be I get myself into ? '' ext . warfield elementary school - parking lot / awning - day 6 darren , sona , and stacy watch as stephanie and emily run under the same umbrella as the boy race ahead , stomping puddle . stephanie do not swamp you galoshes ! stacy what on earth be that two go to talk about ? sona , maybe they will not talk . maybe Stephanie ill color-code she tupperware . darren you really think Emily have tupperware ? stacy ha , she keep she leftover in prada bag . sona Emily 's go to eat she alive . darren at least she would be eat something . ext . emily 's house - day 7 Stephanie 's volvo pull in behind Emily 's vintage BMW . Stephanie get out into the linger drizzle and marvel at the house : a modern dream of glass , steel and pour concrete plunke in the midst of suburban Connecticut . int . emily 's house - day 8 mile and nicky tear upstairs . Stephanie slip off she wet moccasin , revealing kitty - cat sock . emily cute sock . stephanie oh , yeah . target . a pack be only ten dollar . they must lose money on they . they have other animal , too . chipmunk , squirrel ... Stephanie see a painting of nude emily . her eye go wide . stephanie ( cont 'd ) ... beaver . the painting hang in the foyer depict Emily at age 18 , with red hair , stare at she own reflection with a hard expression . Stephanie try to play it cool . stephanie ( cont 'd ) wow , that be so ... lifelike . emily use to dye my hair . I get bored easily . stephanie it 's terrific . who paint it ? emily an_almost -famous painter from the East Village . my life be litter with almost - somebody . I do some art modeling to pay my way through school . but the weirdo get obsessed with I . like restrain order obsessed . anyway y I steal the painting , hope it would be worth something someday . no such luck . Stephanie be still reeling from the story as Emily slip off she heel and head into a dream live room , decorate with a bold , eclectic mix of modern and vintage . Emily switch on sonos , which play the 1960s french pop song '' comment te dire adieu '' by francoise hardy . Stephanie be in awe . stephanie what a incredible house . emily it 's a fuck money pit . stephanie oopsy . emily the fuck ? stephanie oh , I be sorry . it 's what we say when someone swear . Force of habit . ( off Emily 's look ) we have a '' oopsy '' jar in the pantry . a quarter for every bad word . emily you should smash the oopsy jar . it might change you whole life . stephanie I be sorry . emily and stop say you be sorry . it 's a fuck '' up female habit . do not be sorry for anything . ever . stephanie you nre right . thank you . that 's great advice . I love you music , by the way . emily it 's old french pop from the 60 . make I forget I be stick in this shithole town . i’1l make the drink . Emily head toward the kitchen . Stephanie look to make sure Emily be out of sight , then start do a little dance around the live room to the music as she look at everything . she 's never be anywhere so '' classy . '' emily ( cont 'd ) come back in ) you like olive or -- what be you do ? stephanie oh ! um. just get catch up in the moment . emily ( shake she head , amused ) Jesus Christ . come with I , audrey hepburn , before you hurt yourself . a embarrassed Stephanie follow Emily into the kitchen . int . emily 's house - kitchen - continuous 9 Sea green glass tile , slate counter top and_hand blow glass fixture . a kitchen out of architect 's digest . stephanie wow , you must really love to cook . emily no. sometimes Sean do , but I think it 's just a excuse to avoid write . stephanie . you husband ? he 's a writer ? 10 11 Emily begin to mix a martini at the build - in wet bar . emily be . now he 's a bitter English professor at Connecticut College . he write a book ten year ago that make he the toast of New York . i€ open every door in the city , it be non-stop , the dinner , the party . all of Manhattan be like one ong line of cocaine . Stephanie force a demure smile . emily ( cont ’d I have to stalk he and force he to fall in love with I . then ... nothing . one big anti-climax . he never finish another book . the old bait-and-switch . stephanie but he love you . what be the book ? emily it be call darkness at Dawn . stephanie oh my gosh ! I read that in my book club . that 's when I first become a single mom , I be so tired at the end of the day I be just jopping onto mile 's bean bag chair _in front of the kardashian . and then I think - this be ridiculous . so I join a book club and that be the first one we read . so impressive . emily you be divorced then ? stephanie widowe . emily you mind if I ask how he die ? ext . connecticut highway - day ( flashback ) 10 a classic noir flashback : a car pick up speed down a empty highway past change foliage . it swerve across two lane to the left , then veer hard into a lamp post in the steel median with a violent smash . it 's a horrific wreck . int . emily 's house - kitchen - back to present 11 Stephanie try to put on a cheerful face for Emily . stephanie car accident . emily how awful . I be so sorry . stephanie my brother Chris be in the passenger seat . 10 . emily you be kid . stephanie in one fall swoop , I lose the two most important man in my life . well , aside from mile , obviously . two out " of three . Emily study Stephanie for a long time now . slowly , she eye begin to well up . a single tear course a line through she make - up , until she wipe it away . emily I can usually . stomach sad storey . for some reason that one get to I . stephanie I do not talk about it much . especially with people I just meet . I be sorry . emily Lady , I be go to slap the '' sorry '' right out of you if you apologize again . stephanie I be s--- oopsy . dang it . hard habit to break . I be not sorry . ha ha . Emily generously pour the first martini and hand it to Stephanie . not a drinker , Stephanie sip it politely . emily so , be you dating anyone ? stephanie me? no . it 's slim pickin 's in warfield . emily you be a hour and a half from the city . stephanie oh , I could not date anyone from the cit that 's a little too fast for I . I trie eharmony , but then that mother of three wound up with she head in a trash can - and I say , '' no , thank you . '' emily you be too young and cute to give up . stephanie really ? thank you . I never think I have end up a single mom , try to make end meet . my husband have life insurance , thank goodness ; but not a lot . and I put half of it away for mile 's college . so , even with a fix income , that money will run out in 2020 . Tokyo Olympic . go , USA . emily Sean barely make a dime . I have to pay for everything . and he spend like he 's still the man of the hour . we be upside down on this house , too . ( more ) 11 . emily ( cont 'd ) buy it during the bubble and we can not sel people hate modern around here . stephanie well , I love it . do not even think of sell it . if I live here , I have just bask in this kitchen all day . emily well , cheer , then . here 's to be '' House poor . '' clink ! Stephanie eye Emily 's barbed wire tattoo bracelet . emily ( cont 'd ) yeah , there 's another one of my bad decision . I get that when I be too young and stupid to know better . stephanie it 's a nice contrast with you ring . Emily flash she vintage wedding ring . platinum filigree with sapphire and diamond , c. 1920 . emily this ? it 's a family heirloom . belong to Sean 's '' great_grandmum , '' then he '' mum . '' she insisted I have it . in the next room , the front door be unlock and open . emily ( cont 'd ) speak of the devil ... a male voice with a british accent call out : sean ( 0.s. ) whose volvo be block the garage ? sean { 30 ) enter the kitchen , a handsome academic carry a bag of grocery . he act light but have a burden and uneasy quality , a addict always in the early stage of withdrawal . Emily 1s he heroin : both he great pleasure and curse . stephanie oh , that 's I . I be sorry . ( wince at she '' sorry '' ) you wife be try to get I to stop say I be sorry . sean ( with a point laugh ) maybe you can get she to start . to Emily ) you leave will early , you could not stop at the grocer 's before martini time ? emily I be so sorry . do I cut into you write time ? sean ( force a smile ) go right for the sword today , be we ? 12 . emily ( a playful smile back ) what 's the point ? I have hear the pen be mightier . maybe try it some time . Sean look stung but cover with a laugh as bmily move in and loop she arm around he neck , kissing he ceply - Stephanie linger watch they a moment too long , she lip parte . Emily end the kiss and gesture to Stephanie . emily ( cont 'd ) Babe , this be Stephanie . her son go to warfield with nicky . stephanie I 'ma big . fan of you book . I think it be brilliant write . it remind I of William thackeray . sean well , that 's certainly high praise . not many people trot out thackeray as a reference this day -- stephanie I be a English major at barnard . but that be a lifetime ago , before '' mommybrain '' set in . I do my senior thesis on canterbury tale . ( in olde English ) '' and with that word arcite gan espye , wher - as this lady rome to and for -- '' sean ( look at Emily ) '' and with that sighte hir beautee hurte hym so ... '' one of my favorite verse . so much truth in so few word . emily ( shake head ; laugh ) Jesus , you should have marry sean. ( to Sean ) want I to mix you a drink ? sean not yet . I be go to go upstairs and take a shower . Nice to meet you , Sharon . as he head away across the live room ... emily he 's terrible with name . stephanie well , Stephanie 's a hard one . Boy , you two be ... what a cute couple . emily lotta good that do we . I never think anything would go this way . the job in the city , the house in the suburb - 13 . stephanie you nve figure out how to '' have it all . '' how do you juggle it ? emily this be not juggling . this be a nightmare . we be on the verge of bankruptcy . I never sleep , I eat seven-hund calory a day - and I can not find a decent nanny in all of Connecticut . stephanie if you ever need I to pick up nicky after school , I would be happy to bring he to my house . emily you would do that for I ? I be practically a stranger . I be never at the school . stephanie well , you will be . I just sign you up for the Easter decoration crew . Emily gape . back . suddenly , mile race into the kitchen on sock , iding like a speed skater on the slick floor . ; mile . nicky want I to stay for dinner ! stephanie oh , not tonight , smooch . I have to do my vlog before dinner . ( to Emily ) I have a mommy vlog . for fun and a little extra income . emily that 's very resourceful . stephanie six hundred and ten page view a day . I really need a hundred thousand to start monetize the site with ad revenue . so , it 's more a way to connect with other mom . it 's a community . mile Mom ! can I stay for dinner or not ? _ stephanie ; I do not like this new tone , mister . emily let he stay . i’1l have Sean drive he home later . that way you can go do you t vlog in a nice quie ouse . mile ( run out ) yeeee !!! nicky !! I can stay ! stephanie thank you . I know how busy you be . 12 13 14 . emily no sweat . I be sure I will be call you for a favor any day . you owe I now . Emily flash she megawatt smile and pour another drink . Stephanie beam , dazzle by she . a_ computer window pop up ( stephanie 's vlog ) - kitchen 12 in she light set of a kitchen , Stephanie now have full makeup , hair flat-irone . she 's warm and chipper . stephanie hi , mom . Stephanie here . if this be you first visit to my vlog - a hearty welcome . and ity out sehe survey at the bottom so I can thank whoever refer you with this lovely lavender sachet . ( hold up sachet , then ) today 's 's theme be friendshi id . you know , I do not understand this silly , hurtful division between work mom and stay - at -home mom . the truth be , I have find it hard to make friend with either . parenthood can be isolate . honestly , you mom have be better friend to I even though we have never meet in person . I treasure each and every one of you . truly . and so I think today ... she click the zoom out button on she remote to reveal the island be cover with packet of color string . stephanie ( cont 'd ) ... be a perfect day for friendship bracelet ! to celebrate the most important bond of we life . other than family , of course . ext . warfield elementary school - parking lot - day 13 there 's a new spring in Stephanie 's step as she get out of she volvo with a box of canned good mark math : mother assist the homeless . as she trundle the heavy load , she cell phone ring . she gtimpsis the call screen - emily - and she drop the box , send can roll around the lot . stephanie ( on the phone ) hello ? Emily ? hi there ! what 's up , lady ? emily ( 0.8 . I be wonder if I could take you up on you offer to pick up nicky - I be ina meeting with no end in sight . stephanie emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) of course ! I be happy to hel you be the best , Stephanie . I just buy aj io set of perler bead -- stephanie and I have extra snack . I just need to know if he have any dietary restriction . 14 15 . emily I have no idea . thanks ! ext . warfield local park - day 14 in she '' yearbook Mom '' photo vest and camera , Stephanie chase mile and nicky around the jungle gym with a_roar and finger claw -- a game of '' darth mommy '' that mile love . she 's good with they , make they squeal and dart away from she . Emily pull up in she car and walk toward the park , still on a work call and exude irritation . stephanie ( on the phone ) calm down , Dennis . alexi be all talk . no one be '' come after you . '' take a fuck xanax and let I do my job . Jesus . Emily end the call and watch Stephanie chase the boy , a natural mother in she element . Emily feel a pinch of guilt , even jealousy . Stephanie see Emily and jog over , wind . stephanie ( cont 'd ) '' darth mommy , '' we call it . it 's silly . but it 's one of mile 's favorite game . one of the thing he remember from he dad . he be much better at roughhouse . after flash side eye , Emily pull out a compact mirror and begin trace around she mouth with a pencil . emily do not do that . stephanie do what ? emily do not denigrate you good parent to comfort I for my shitty parent . stephanie oh , gosh , Emily . that 's not what I be do at all . I think you be a super mom -- emily no , you do not . you pack nori roll for lune if I even remember the lunch box , it 's a miracle . the nicest thing I could do for nicky be blow my brain out . ( off Stephanie 's horror ) I have a dark sense of humor . stephanie yeah , yike . you do work in the city . Emily stare emotionally at nicky , who 's play happily . and unaware of she . we see how much she love he . then - Emily spin to see that Stephanie have snap a picture emily ( sharply ) what do you just do ? 15 16 . stephanie I be ... the yearbook mom . emily erase it . stephanie but you look so ... chic . emily if that show up on you vlog -- stephanie no , gosh , no . it 's just for the '' face and placé '' section . only other parent would see it - emily erase it now or I will slap a injunction on the whole fuck yearbook . shake , Stephanie erase the photo from she digital display , show Emily the last picture of a cooking project . stephanie go . see . just homemade granola . emily good . do not do that shit again . stephanie gosh , I be sor -- I mean , I do not mean to offend you . I can understand in you line of work how sensitive this be . ( struggle ) I guess I be not someone you would normally be friend with . emily you do not want to be friend with I . trust I . you be a real human be . Stephanie can not tell if Emily mean to forgive she with that comment - but she take it with a bashful smile . emily ( cont 'd ) let 's grab the kid and get the hell out of here . I need a drink . int . emily 's house - kitchen - day 15 stephanie ( 0.s. ) I make it especially for you . close shot - Stephanie tie a new friendship bracelet over Emily 's wrist , right onto the barb wire tattoo . emily it 's very sweet . Emily regards the chevron pattern . then she pour gin into a shaker to finish the martinis . Stephanie watch in awe . 16 17 . stephanie I use to watch old bewitch episode on tv land and always think it be so classy when Darren would come home and samantha would mix he a martini . and now here I be . again . it 's so high tone . Emily chuckle as she shake the ice-filled martini shaker . emily God , you be such a nerd , I hope it 's not contagious . they would make I quit my job . Stephanie daugh . but we see she wish she be cooler . Emily pour . one martini from the shaker . it 's cloudy with ice chip loating in it . Emily stare at it a beat , then : emily ( cont'd fuck this . I need a real martini . stephanie this one 's not real ? Emily go to the fridge , open the freezer and pull out a freeze bottle of gin and one freeze martini glass . she bring it back over to the island . emily too water - down . when Sean and I be in London , we have the real thing at duke Hotel . sometimes you just need something with a kick to reset you brain . ( make the martini ) frozen gin , freeze glass . pour in a small bit of vermouth , swirl it and dump it . then add the gin and squeeze a twist over the top . pure booze , no ice , strong as hell . gotta work you way up to it , though . no amateur allow . Emily hand Stephanie the water - down martini , then pick up she strong martini and clink with Stephanie . emily ( cont 'd ) alessandro the bartender have a say at duke . '' one 's not enough , three 's too many , two 's just right . just like tit . '' stephanie _. emily ( cont 'd ) oopsy . l’chaim . Emily take a sip and visibly relax . Stephanie study she . stephanie can you make I one of that ? I think I need to reset my brain too . off Emily 's impressed smile ... int . emily 's house - live room - later 16 Stephanie and Emily sit on the couch as a fire blaze in the fireplace . a french 60's pop song plays . Stephanie be clearly waste . she take another drink , smack she lip . 18 . stephanie I really be not happy with myself about the picture I take . of you . that be so rude ... like a paparazzo eee emily . oh , please - will you get over it already : Stephanie ? you be so nice , I do not know how you " have manage to survive on this planet for so long . stephanie ( stare for a long beat I be not as nice as you thin emily oh , really ...? be you bait I ? stephanie I '' juss 's say - we all have a dark side . even '' nerd . '' it 's juss 's -- some of we be better at hide it . my mother once say , '' secret be like margarine - - '' Stephanie stop as_ she drink go down the wrong pipe and she choke , cough . Emily laugh . emily she have a way with word . okay , Dark side . let 's trade confession . tell I the wildest thing you have ever do . stephanie what ? no. I mean ... well ... okay . maybe . but you go first . emily ( think a moment ) well , I can think of a pretty recent one . Sean and I have he of over about six month ago . we drank too much and have a threesome . Stephanie 's jaw slacken . she cover she open mouth . stephanie ( whisper ) be not Sean jealous of he ? emily who say it be a he ? Stephanie digest this info . nod , try to stay cool . she do a bad job . Emily grin , amused by the effort . emily ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to freak you out . stephanie ( freak out , hide it ) I be - what do you mean ? I be not freak out . I be completely ... laissez faire . 17 18 19 20 19 . emily I just know you be not exactly a sexual maverick . nothing wrong with that . prude be people , too . Emily wink . Stephanie absorb the insult , smart . emily ( cont 'd ) but now I really want to hear you dirty little secret . spill it . Stephanie downs the rest of she drink , nearly swallow the lemon twist . she take a breath , then ... stephanie oo , my father die when I be a senior in High School ... int . pittsburgh row house - day ( flashback ) 17 pour rain outside . a funeral reception . people be dress in black , crowded into a modest house , have sandwich . stephanie ( here 18 ) move through the house clean up . no make - up , hair in a ponytail , simple black dress . she head ... into the kitchen ( flashback 18 she look out the window and see CHRIS ( 20 ) . he wear a ill - fitting suit , dark hair in he eye , skinny like a rock star . he approach the door . Stephanie freeze , unable to breathe . stephanie ( v.o. ) ... a boy show up at the funeral . in the live room ( flashback 19 her mother grace ( 50 ) open the front door and nearly faint . stephanie ( v.o. ) his name be Chris . it 's like see the young , handsome ghost of she dead husband . the crowd has now gather to watch this unfold . stephanie ( v.o. ) he be the spitting image of my father - only thirty year young . Grace start to cry and throw she arm around Chris 's neck , hold he as if he 's she dead husband . Chris hug she back , lift he eye and look right at Stephanie . stephanie ( v.o . ) turn out ... he be my half - brother . int . emily 's house - live room - back to present 20 emily hold on . this be you deep dark secret ? that you dad have a affair ? stephanie ( drunk , steadying herself ) no , this be necess ’ssary prologue . 21 22 20 . emily necessary prologue . get it . keep go , Dark side . int . pittsburgh row house - basement - night ( flashback ) 21 now in jeans and a tank top Stephanie unfold the rusty y stain pullout couch for hris . a bare bulb hang overhead illuminate the moldy basement . stephanie ( v.o. ) we talk for a long time , look at old photo of my dad . it be too late for Chris to drive home . so he stay over . Chris watch Stephanie make the bed . she can feel he eye on she ass as she crawl across to stretch the fitte sheet . they lock eye . they chest rise with desire . stephanie ( v.o. ) maybe it be the loss of my dad , who be the only person who ever truly understand I , maybe it be the way Chris look and act like he , or the fact I suddenly be not a only child , which I never want to be . I do not know , we just stand there for the longest time . she moves_in and loop she arm around he neck to say good night , pull he close . she tip she chin , look up at he . stephanie ( v.o. ) we do not know how to say goodbye . lip so close . they start to kiss . tug at each other 's clothes , desperate to merge as quickly as possible . Chris throw she on the bed and fumble with he fly . she yank off she jeans . Chris climb on top of she and thrust into she , eye wide in amazement . she gasp : she 's never have sex like this , great sex . she press she lip together and shake with a orgasm building . she bury she face in he shoulder and groans_as it swallow she up . he come at the same moment and collapse . they lie together stunne , sweaty . int . emily 's house - live room - back to scene 22 Stephanie stare into space . Emily snap she finger in front of Stephanie 's eye . emily hello ? keep go ! you be not allow to be too drunk in my house not to finish a juicy story . stephanie I ? no , I be fine . what be I say ? emily you stand there for the longest time , you do not know how to say goodbye . I be wait for the big end here . Stephanie can not tell the truth . but she 's cornere . then ... 21 . stephanie oh , I do not know . maybe it 's not so racy where you be from . I go in to hug he and then we ... kiss . ( bury face in hand ) it 's so gross . emily so that 's you whole story ? you kiss you brother ? once ? stephanie it 's like Chinatown ! we immediately say this will never happen again , and we would never breathe a word . and no , he be not my brother , he be my half - brother . Emily size Stephanie up . she sip she drink , then lean in . swear . emily there 's more . stephanie no , there 's no more . emily you start that story , then hit the eject button . I see it happen . stephanie I do not eject - emily you fuck he . stephanie what !? no ! I do not say that . emily stephanie ( cont 'd ) I swear . emily swear on you father 's grave . Stephanie pause . Stephanie emily ( cont 'd ) ha ! you be a brother fucker ! stephanie oh my gosh , you be terrible . I never should have say anything . stupid martinis ... from duke . be flustered and guilt-ridd . Emily soften . emily you crack I up . do you and mile want to join we for dinner ? stephanie really ? that would be lovely . 23 24 22. emily great . you be cooking , Dark side . Stephanie give she a look , then they share a genuine laugh . Stephanie absorb it : they really be become friend . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day 23 close up of alka seltzer be drop into a glass . reveal a very hungover Stephanie set up she kitchen for she vlog . she open up she first aid kit and lay out the item . stephanie ( practice ) hi mom , Stephanie here . today we will be talk about the perfect first Aid kit , so that you be never leave in need during a crisis -- she do not like how that sound , and start to revise she script . just then , she cellphone ring . as she answer : emily ( 0.s. ) Stephanie , thank God you pick up . I have a little emergency -- stephanie emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) well , that 's really a I need you help . coincidence , because I be - stephanie be you okay ? emily ( 0.s . ) I be fine , but I need a simple favor , can you grab nicky from school ? Sean 's in London , he mother break she fuck hip , and I get a big fire to put out at work . stephanie oh , gosh , poor Sean . poor you . of course , I be always happy to help . emily you be the best . I gotta run but I 'il get you back for this . stephanie of course ! nicky 's in good hand . emily you be a great friend , Stephanie . a true friend . I really mean that . off stephanie , beam -- ext . warfield elementary school - second grade - day 24 at the end of another day , mom be pick up kid . mile and nicky emerge with they backpack . stephanie hey , guy ! you be get a play date today ! 25 26 23. the boy both cheer as Darren approach , lulu in he arm . darren Stephanie , that 's so great you take the nanny job . |. _ stephanie nanny job ? darren for Emily . I know she be look . stephanie ( mortify ) I be -- no . I be not - this be not a job . I be help she out . as a friend . darren oh , I be sorry . I do not realize you guy be so close . stephanie well , we be . we drink martinis together . strong martinis . from London . ( to the boy , the 7f fun mom '' again ) all right , fella - if you do not wrestle in the car , we will make fruit pop . they cheer again , run . across the yard - as Stephanie storm away , throw a dirty look back at Darren . int . stephanie 's volvo - day 25 Stephanie , mile and nicky drive along , singing along to a fun song on the radio . everyone 's really happy . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day 26 the revelry seem to come to a sudden halt . mile and nicky sulk at the kitchen table . tempeh burger , carrot and steam spinach on they plate . use to it , mile eat ; but Nick push the food around with he fork as mile set down he glass of milk on the wood table next to its coaster . stephanie mile , sweetie , you know the rule . Mr. Glass always stand on Mr. coaster . mile ( put | glass on coaster ) because of he wet foot . sorry , mom . stephanie nicky , you can not just live on starch . people need 11 different amino acid . nicky do amino acid come from horse shit ? mile gasp in horror . Stephanie smile , beatific . stephanie we do not use that language in this house , sweetie . ( more ) 27 28 29 24 . stephanie ( cont 'd ) that 's a roopsy.t it_would normally cost you a quarter , but I 'il cut you a little slack this time because you be a guest . nicky well , that 's what it taste like . be you tell I to lie ? stephanie no , lie be wrong , too . but there 's a difference between lie and be polite . so we can at least take a '' no thank you '' bite and see if we like it . he take a bite of tempeh burger , horrify , make a face like it 's torture . then he push he plate away . nicky no thank you . int . stephanie 's house - live room - day 27 the two boy watch spongebob squarepant on tv , eat popcorn . Stephanie text Emily : '' should i give nicky a bath ? '' she hit send . wait . she fixate on she phone . no response . int . stephanie 's house - bathroom - night 28 Stephanie give the two boy a bubble bath . they splash around , hurl rubber sea creature at each other . stephanie do not splash . this be not Sea World . they ignore she and splash harder . int . stephanie 's house - hallway - night 29 Stephanie dial Emily . she get she voicemail . emily ( 0.s . ) '' hi , this be Emily Nelson , director of Public Relations yor Dennis Nylon Holdings . leave a message here or at the New York office at 212-555-6361 . '' beep . Stephanie open she mouth to speak , but hesitates . as she dive in , she 's now even more sugar- coat than before . stephanie hi , em , Stephanie . hey . I know you be probably knee - deep in that crisis . but , um , nicky ask when you be come and I do not know what to tell he . they be have a hoot here , do not worry . and I be happy to watch he as long as you need , just 's let I know . okay ? hope you be anging in there . she hang up , she smile drop . 30 31 25 . int . stephanie 's house - mile 's bedroom - night 30 as Stephanie climb up to say good night to mile on the top bunk , she head get trap in a hanging solar system mobile affix to the ceiling . she try to blow away a styrofoam saturn , finally clear planet like a cloud of gnat . stephanie g’night , smooch . mile good night , mama. ( look up ) and good night , daddy . good night , uncle Chris . nicky who 's uncle Chris ? stephanie Chris be my brother . he 's in heaven now . nicky there 's no such thing as heaven . stephanie be that what you mommy and daddy tell you ? nicky my dad say life 's just a brief moment of pain before a eternity of darkness . stephanie well , he 's a English professor . nicky and he say when we die we turn into a feast for bacteria . stephanie well , at least someone be eat dinner then . she check mile , hope this do not sink in . stephanie ( cont ’d ) do you want a kiss good night , nicky ? nicky I want to go home . my Mom do not say I be sleep over . stephanie she should be here any minute and then she ’1ll come wake you up . Stephanie peck nicky on the cheek anyway . he rub he face with disgust as she walk out and close the door . int . stephanie 's house - kitchen - night 31 Stephanie make two kid 's lunch for the next day in silence . 32 33 26 . she mash avocados and nori on whole grain bread , then cut the sandwich in half . she text Emily : '' make lunch for nicky . text I to say you be ok . worried about u . '' she hit send . wait a beat . no response . she find a bottle of white zinfandel in the back of the fridge , half empty . she unscrew the screw cap and sniff it . still good ? maybe . she pour herself a glass . she steal a cookie from under saran wrap . she nibble a tiny bit of it , wash it down with wine . she slip the cookie back , look guilty . look at she phone . nothing from Emily . CUT to : 3 a.m. Stephanie dump the empty wine bottle into the necycle in . the cookie have be devoure . she wash the dish in the sink , disgust with herself . ext . warfield elementary school - day 32 push in on the parked volvo as Stephanie try to get a hold of Emily at work . she speak slowly and with a force calm . stephanie ( on phone ) Stephanie . smother . I be a close friend . I have be watch she son . do you know where she go or when she 'il be back ? int . dennis nylon inc - intercutting 33 in a sleek Manhattan office in a Midtown skyscraper , Emily 's assistant valerie ( 25 ) -- a goth , emo girl -- be on she headset , multi-task as she type . valerie she - be - hold on ... n( p¥ping ) , yeah eas in Miami for a few day , do you want to leave a message ? stephanie a few day ? she do not tell I - the other line ring . valerie can you please hold for a second ? stephanie the thing be , I have not hear a peep and nicky want to know - Valerie put she on hold , activate 80s synth music . stephanie ( cont 'd ) oh , for the love of job . as she endure the hold music , we hear : stephanie ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) hi , mom . Stephanie here , and the truth be , I be not quite myself today . 34 35 36 27 . on video vlog - stephanie's kitchen - day 34 Stephanie address the camera , she voice shaky . stephanie my friend , the one that inspire the double - weave chevron friendship bracelet ... well , she 's be go a few day and thave not be able to reach she . I send she eouall of cute iphoto of we boy . she usually send I back a winky - face emoji , but now ... not even that . ( a deep breath ) oh , she travel a lot for work and I know some big hoo - ha come up , it 's always something . so I have be watch she son , who be a ... London spirite young man . her husband 's in London visit he injure mother and ... a ywway 's there 's probably a good explanation . 's not like I mind -- but she son be btart to ask question . mom , what would you do if a mother put you in this situation ? she glance at the comment feed : hugsnkisses19 : a true friend would not do that . sundaygirlxoxo : rude . tigermom9 : report her to the police !!! stephanie ( cont 'd ) tigermom , be constructive . and you know the all - cap rule . no yell . yogalover999 : the husband have to know something . lives2 Zumba : call she husband . stephanie ( cont 'd ) right . thank you , yogalover , thank you , Zumba . you be both right . int . university college london hospital - rm. 612 - night 35 in a cramped , share hospital room , two bed separate by a draw curtain , Sean sit alongside he mother margaret ( 70 ) , asleep . Sean look like hell . his cell phone ring . Sean do not recognize the number . he answer suspiciously . sean yes ? int . stephanie 's house - kitchen - intercutting 36 stephanie hi , Sean . it 's Stephanie . I be so sorry to bother you , I get you cell number from the school dixectory . I know you be go through so much gosh , my prayer be with you and you mom . but we really need to talk about» , a situation with Emily . sean who be this ? 28 . stephanie oh. Stephanie smother . I be Emily 's friend . I drive a volvo . sean I be sorry , I be a little out of sort . stephanie we son go to warfield together . be my son . nicky be yours . mile sean have something happen to nicky ? stephanie no , nicky 's fine . it 's Emily . she ask I to watch nicky . that be three day ago and I have not be able to reach she . have you hear from she ? Sean sigh as if he 's a puncture balloon . his mother wake up , have hear some of the conversation . sean's mother what be it ? what 's wrong ? sean Three day , Christ . sean's mother what do Emily do now ? he press a call button . sean shhh , mother , go back to call a nurse and get you ( into phone ) what do she say ? stephanie be you talk to I or sean you . what do Emily say ? stephanie she tell I that she have fire . sean oh , right , ood . that sound sleep . let 's some morphine . you mother now ? to put out a her office say she 's in Miami - yes . I have be 's t rough this emergency with she . care of , stephanie oh , good . I just ... communicate . sean she 's not really much of stephanie as long as she know nicky 's take she can disappear for some time . I assume we would be a communicator . I mean , to check in on nicky . 37 38 sean how be he ? stephanie he 's okay . sean amazing . you nre a life-saver . look , I be fly back in the morning and then I can pick nicky up as soon as I be on the ground . all righty ? stephanie all righty . ext . stephanie 's house - night 29 . 37 a taxi pull up in front of the house . the first time we have see the exterior . it 's a quaint colonial , the country mouse opposite of Emily and Sean 's house . Sean get out of the cab and pay the driver , drag he bag toward the front door . he knock and Stephanie open . sean oh , you . you be miss canterbury tale . so sorry I do not remember . stephanie you have get a lot on you mind . we all do . the boy be asleep . nicky try to stay up to see you , but he be just too tuckere - out . come in . int . stephanie 's house - kitchen - night Stephanie and Sean speak in low voice in the kitchen . sean so nothing ? still no word ? stephanie nothing . not to you either ? sean no , but that 's not unusual . we have a bit of a row the other day . stephanie I be sorry . sean do not be . it 's we pattern . all dramatic breakup and reunion , with almost nothing in between . stephanie it sound tiring . sean yes , but ... it keep life interesting . 38 39 40 30 . stephanie her assistant Valerie have not be able to reach she either . which do not make any sense if she 's deal with a work crisis . some_of the mom think we should go to the police . sean the mom ? stephanie I post something about Emily on my website . for other mom . just ... cooking tip , odd - and -end . it 's mostly how - to . he look at she with jet-lagged eye . it 's all sink in . sean the police . have it really come to this ? stephanie would you like anything to drink ? herb tea maybe ? sean yes , let 's do it . not the tea , the police . let 's call they . int . stephanie 's house - mile 's bedroom - night 39 mile be fast asleep on the top bunk . nicky sleep on the bottom bunk . Sean stand in the crack doorway , watch he son sleep . a look of deep concern on he face . stephanie ( 0.s. ) Sean ? the police be here . int . stephanie's house - dine room - night 40 Stephanie sit at_the dining room table while two police question Sean : sergeant molloy and officer blanco . officer blanco and when be the last time either of you hear from she ? Sean swim , shaking he head . he look over at Stephanie . stephanie four day ago . sean I be sorry . I be in London . my mum break she hip . sergeant molloy sorry to hear that . officer blanco and she say it be a work crisis ? sean she have a very high profile job - with a full staff she oversee . 31 . officer blanco and what do you do , sir ? sean I be a associate Professor . officer blanco and what do you teach ? sean English . sergeant molloy sound like you be pretty good at it . sean that 's wonderful . well - play . seargeant molloy ever sleep with a student ? Stephanie be shocked . sean Excuse I ? do you think I have something to do with my wife 's disappearance ? officer blanco no need to get defensive , Mr. townsend . we be just explore all avenue . sean well , that 's a dead end . no. Christ . sergeant molloy most time when a woman vanish , she have a reason . a really good reason . sean that 's a astute piece of detective work . what be you imply ? officer blanco you two do not have a fight ? something to make you run off to London ? sean be you imply I break my mother 's hip ? officer blanco we be just look at this objectively . you leave town , you wife take off . perhaps there be some abuse -- stephanie ( can not take any a ed how dare you . this man fly back from he mother 's bedside . this be a dedicated father and husband . I have see he with he wife , and let I tell you something : they be in love . they have more chemistry than the Science Fair . officer blanco just explore all avenue , ma’am . 32 . stephanie like Sean say , that avenue 's a dead end . or at least a cul - de-sac . so , drop it . Sean be astonished . no one have ever defend he with such veracity - and he now can not take he eye off Stephanie , who even surprised herself . the officer be unfaze , however . officer blanco and where 's Emily 's family ? sean she do not have any . she be a only child . her parent die when she be a teenager . stephanie she never tell I that . sergeant molloy we will file a miss person report and contact you ina day or two . if she do not turn up we will contact local authority in Miami . you be not plan any more trip , Mr. townsend ? sean no . I ' will be right here . I mean , at_m house . take care of my son . until this matter be resolve . officer blanco we can show ourselves out . as Blanco and molloy leave , Sean and Stephanie stare at each other a moment in silence across the room . stephanie well , they be extremely rude . sean I need a serious drink . stephanie I have some white zinfandel in the fridge . sean oh god no . I be sorry . I be sure it 's lovely . I just need something a bit stiffer . stephanie I still have my late husband 's whisky collection ... if that do not make you uncomfortable . I know you do not believe in heaven , so it 's not like he ’1ll mind . sean ; how would you know what I believe ? stephanie oh. gosh . nicky - he do not like we prayer at night . 4l 33. sean ( with a chuckle ) well , we be not sacrifice goat or anything at we house . stephanie I welcome all denomination . sean as do i. let 's drink you husband 's scotch . int . stephanie 's kitchen - later that night 41 Stephanie and Sean sit at the kitchen table with two whiskey glass and a bottle of single malt between they . Stephanie refill they glass . Sean sip he . sean God know , we have have we trouble - but +. I do not think she would just up and leave she child . do you ? stephanie she adore nicky . she could never do that . sean she 's a enigma , my wife . it draw I to she . but it can also make she impossible . she can be so fiercely private . stephanie she sure do not like have she picture take , I 'il tell ya that . Sean spark at this , study she more closely . sean that 's right . she work in the fashion industry , but you have think you be steal she soul . I remember once she make I shut down my Facebook account after I post a family picture . ; stephanie ; Social media can be pretty tricky . sean you can get close to she , but you can never really reach she . that 's the truly hypnotic thing about Emily . she 's like a beautiful ghost . she 's never entirely ere . stephanie that 's really poetic . I can see why you be such a good writer . he look up at she with inconsolable pain in he eye . sean I be not a writer , Stephanie . T give it up to chase this woman for the rest of my life . she put she hand onto he , comforting he . 42 43 34 . sean ( cont 'd ) I get addict to she . God , and she devour I . the thing she do , you would not believe it . she 's like a succubus . so_ beautiful , so primal . her orgasm be like seismic event . he look down at she hand , on he . she withdraw hers . stephanie well , I be a good judge of character , Mr. Sean T. townsend . and I know Emily love you . one thousand percent . sean I should call a taxi home . stephanie ( glance at the clock ) oh my gosh , it 's 1:25 . they stop drive at 1 a.m. here . sean what about a uber ? stephanie well , there 's only two uber driver in warfield , and I know davit have he son 's recital in the morning . ( a beat ) I have a guest room . why do not you stay over ? nicky will want to see you when he wake up . off sean , contemplate it -- int . stephanie 's house - den - night 42 Stephanie pull open the hide -a- bed onto a few dinosaurs strand on they side and start to prepare the bed . sean I can do that . really . you have already do so much . Stephanie stop and head for the hallway . sean ( cont 'd ) and Stephanie ? thank you . for everything . Sean sit down on the creak swayback bed , set off a recorded song : '' I mind of fire ... I soul on fire ... feel hot hot hot . '' he reach under he butt ... stephanie . oh , that 's where Dr. cracker be . Sean pull out a singing parrot , activate by a button , sing : '' Party people , all around I feel hot hot hot . '' int . stephanie 's house - master bedroom - day 43 sunlight pour in the window . the sound of child 's voice rouse Stephanie out of a intoxicate gieep . she shake cobweb from she head . she hear the grinding of a blender . 44 45 35 . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day 44 table dri enter in she robe . mile and nicky be at the table drink GREEN smoothies , Sean helming the blender with a mix of chia seed , yogurt , kale , spinach , bananas , honey . sean who want more B vitamin ? mile I do ! sean and I be sure mum do . stephanie ; what on earth be you make ? sean a hangover smoothie . it will knock it right out of you . the kid love it . Stephanie turn to the kid , amaze they be drink it . sean ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ; with a wink ) it 's a full serve of vegetable and they do not even know it . she 's shocked to hear he say something she always do . sean ( cont ’d hope this be okay . do not mean to mess up you routine . her eye be fix on he now - with real desire . sean ( cont 'd ) do you want some ? stephanie yes , please . Stephanie take the smoothie from he hand , slowly . she drink it with she eye lock on Sean . they have a long moment in the kitchen . the toaster ding , break the spell . then they remember why they be here . stephanie ( cont 'd ) all right , kid . Party 's over . let 's get ready for school . on video vlog - stephanie's kitchen - day 45 Stephanie address the camera , look a little worse for wear . she look at the page statistics and see her live traffic stat . a graph show viewership rise ... stephanie hi , mom . Stephanie here . before we get to today 's topic - vegetable smoothies — I want to welcome all of the new viewer : thank you for join we . ( more ) 46 47 48 49 36 . stephanie ( cont 'd ) and I especially want to thank so many of you who have write to ask about Emily now , she be very sensitive about she privacy but this be extenuate circumstance . so , I be use she real name and posting a few rare picture in case any of you have see she . it 's be six day . the good news be she husband Sean be back from London and work close with the police . ( a sigh ) now , a soe ) ou mom be stick on this idea that the husband be always the primary suspect . but I be here to tell you : Sean be out of the gountry wh when Emily disappear . some of you ha suggest he just want a alibi , '' put I can assure you , Sean be a amazing husband and father . he 's be a wreck ever since he get home . and the police be no help . I do not know what we tax dollar be pay for ! int . stephanie 's house - master bedroom - day 46 Stephanie be on she hand and knee digging in she closet . stephanie ( v.o . ) well , as every mom know , if you want something do right , you better do it yourself . she finally find a vintage chanel scarf in a gift box . int . stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - day 47 Stephanie wear the chanel scarf , nattily knotted on the side . try to look chic , in dark li stick , eyeliner and she hair pull back in a low ponytail . she drive . stephanie ( v.o. ) I will leave no stone unturned . i/e. stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - g.w. bridge - day 48 Stephanie drive into Manhattan play Adele 's '' hello . '' stephanie ( v.o. ) I think that 's what Emily would want . she join in sing the chorus of '' hello '' at top volume . stephanie '' hello from the outside / I must_have call a thousand time / to tell you I be sorry for break you heart ... int . midtown manhattan office build - elevator - day 49 it 's that awkward be aye silence in a crowded elevator . as Stephanie ride , she eye the face around she . skinny professional women in sleek suit and stiletto heel . professional men in suit with slick - back hair . 50 37 . Stephanie adjust the knot on she scarf , pull it tighter . she accidentally pull it too tight , choke herself . she gasp out a SMALL choke SOUND , then play it off as if it 's a cough and throat clear . everyone stare at she . | . stephanie . allergy . it 's that wet spring we have . nobody busy it . dying of embarrassment , she pull the knot looser as the door open and Stephanie exit . int . dennis nylon hq - reception - day 50 White marble and chromium steel . White leather banquette and black lacquer side table . the name dennis nylon in giant silver letter . Stephanie work up she nerve as she approach the chic receptionist answer phone on headset . receptionist Dennis Nylon , please hold . thanks for hold , how may I direct you call ? stephanie receptionist ( cont 'd ) hi. my name be -- ( hold up a finger ) Dennis Nylon , please hold . stephanie receptionist ( cont 'd ) my friend work here . she 's thanks for hold , how may I be miss for over a we -- direct you call ? stephanie her name be Emily Nelson . she 's the head of public relation . emily Emily 's not in today . stephanie receptionist I know she 's not in . that 's Dennis Nylon , please hold . why I be -- Stephanie lurch across the counter and press the hang up button , hiss at the young woman : stephanie I be sorry , but - no , you know what ? I be not sorry . this be a emergenc a woman be miss . I need to talk wit '' Mr. Nylon . now . receptionist Mr. Nylon 's not here right now . stephanie then I 'il wait . receptionist knock yourself out . stephanie I will . thank you very much . 38 . the receptionist gesture to the lobby seating area . Stephanie give she a defiant look and take a seat . she try to lean back , but the back of the fashionable chair be too far . she sit up straight , avoid eye contact with the receptionist , who just stare at she . the elevator door open and dennis nylon ( 40s , Tom Ford type ) walk out with he assistant , kiko and diego . Diego be very intense look and a bit scary . as Dennis breeze past - stephanie ( cont 'd ) Mr. Nylon !? he turn as Diego step forward and put himself between | Dennis and Stephanie . Dennis look at Stephanie with disdain . dennis nylon we do not accept unsolicite resume . stephanie that 's not -- we have a problem , sir . , dennis nylon ( look she over ) we most certainly do . stephanie a friend of mine work in you publicity department -- dennis nylon be that a vintage chanel scarf ? stephanie my aunt frieda give it to I . dennis nylon be you try to hang yourself with it ? look at this knot . Jesus . he come forward to loosen the knot around she neck . stephanie I be here because of Emily Nelson . Dennis pause , stare at Stephanie with concern now . dennis nylon what about Emily ? what happen ? stephanie she 's miss . she ask I to pick up she son nine day ago because apparently she be go to Miami and she never come back . not a.call , not a text - and no one in you office seem to give a crap . Excuse my language . dennis nylon ( to kiko ) why do Emily go to Miami ? kiko I do not know she do . 51 39 . Dennis look quite throw , then recover and return he gaze to Stephanie , regain he power . dennis nylon I be sorry but if Emily have not tell we about something then we know not to ask . stephanie she work for you , right ? dennis nylon yes , but do you see this skin ? I be 48 year — - old a that / 's not botox , sweetie . that 's sleep . T get plenty of it , thanks to emil : now , there 's something she 's not Tel ing I , it could be Chernobyl for all I know , and bless she , she will put on she radiation suit and deal with it . kiko and find a way to look fabulous do it . stephanie then what do you suggest I do ? dennis nylon you want advice ? never wear a chanel scarf with a gap T-shirt . if you be truly Emily 's friend , you have know that . have a nice day . stephanie ( as they walk away ) it 's target , thank you very much . and we be friend . best friend . Diego throw a scary look back at she as the receptionist try to escort she out . Stephanie start to stride off . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll show myself out . she walk toward the elevator as the receptionist go back to she desk . Stephanie look over at the doorway to the cubicle area . her eye follow Dennis . he now look upset . she then see a office door that read : emily nelson . dennis nylon ( 0.s. ) Valerie , my office . now . Dennis grab Emily 's assistant valerie and pull she urgently toward he office , Diego in tow . Stephanie see a sign over the doorway to the cubicle area that read '' employees only . '' Stephanie look tear . she 's never disobey a rule before . she glance around nervously , consider , then take a deep breath and dart secretly into the cubicle area . int . dennis nylon hq - cubicle area - continuous 51 Stephanie pause in the doorway . she see a intern pull a rack of garment bag along the aisle that lead to Emily 's office . she dart behind the rack , move stealthily . 52 53 54 40 . she nod hello to the intern , try to fit _in while watch through the top of the hanger as Dennis , Diego and Valerie enter Dennis 's glass wall office and close the door . Stephanie see they talk intensely through the glass but can not hear what they 's be say as she approach Emily 's office . but Dennis look quite agitate . Diego listen , cold . suddenly , the rack take a sharp turn , exposing stephanie just as Diego turn and be about to see she . she quickly dart through a door next to she , close it behind she . int . dennis nylon hq - conference room - continuous 52 Stephanie lean against the door , nervous . to herself ... stephanie deep breath , deep breath ... voice ( 0.s. ) finally ! midgic of turn to see the room be fill with people in the middle of a design review . they all stare at she . a designer be lead the review . he look at she impatiently . designer we be die in here . I need a skinny latte with a double shot of vanill -- what be you wear ? stephanie oh , um , it 's chanel . designer ( stare a beat , then ) it 's fab . Dennis would love that . all right , what 's everyone else want ? look at she again ) do not tell I you do not bring a pad ? Stephanie shake she head '' no . '' he sigh and toss a pad and pen to she . people start call out they coffee order to Stephanie , who dutifully but distractedly write they down . int . dennis nylon hq - work area - moment later 53 Stephanie peek out the conference room , hold a long list of coffee order . she see Diego and Dennis still conferrin in Dennis 's office . she duck down so that she 's hide by the low cubicle and dart into ... int . dennis nylon hq - emily 's office - continuous 54 Emily 's office be immaculate , modern with no clutter . her desk be a glass top on chromé leg . a small drawer unit sit under it next to she minimalist desk chair . the wall in Emily 's office be glass and so Stephanie be completely expose . she hunch down and duck - walk to the desk , stay below view of the worker in the cubicle . Stephanie try to open the top drawer but it 's lock . they all be . she think , then pull a hair pin out of she hair and try to jimmy the lock in the top drawer with it . 55 41 . she clearly have no idea how to pick a lock . after a beat , the pin bend and spring out of she hand and land out of reach . stephanie motherfudger ... just then , Valerie walk past Emily 's office , talk on she headset , preoccupy and upset . Stephanie scramble behind the drawer unit , hunching down low . valerie of course he 's freaking out ! he need someone to manage this now ... as Stephanie hunch lower to hide , she glance up at the bottom of Emily 's desk . her expression change . emily 's Pov : through the glass deskto Stephanie see a letter under Emily 's desk pad . it loo $ like it be hastily shove under there along with the envelope it come in . Stephanie stare up at it , think . stephanie 's flashback vision : Emily be at she desk , read the letter , worried , then hear Dennis head for she office . scare , she quickly lift the desk pad and hide the letter under it , drop it just as Dennis enter . back to scene : Stephanie reach up and lift the desk pad , quickly pull out the letter and envelope . she stuff they into she purse , then look at Dennis 's office . it 's now empty . see Dennis and Diego nowhere , she rush out of Emily 's office . int . dennis nylon hq - work area - continuous 55 Stephanie dart past the cubicle , speed toward the exit . she look back at Dennis 's office . valerie be now watching her , staring scarily . as Stephanie then turn to run ... diego step out in front of her , grab she arm . she gasp . he stare at she threateningly as Dennis step up . dennis nylon forget gomethe , aunt frieda ? you be not suppose to be back here , you know . Stephanie look terrify , then suddenly change tact . snap . stephanie to Dennis , in he face ) you listen to I , you bargain basement Tom Ford . if you do not have you goon take he hand off I right now , I be gonna tell the mom who watch my vlog - the thousand of mom - that Dennis Nylon be a abusive creep who victimize woman and that they should spread the word all over the internet to stop buy you overpriced , poorly - make garbage . because if you losé mom , you lose business . Dennis look at she like she 's nut but clearly respond to the threat of potential bad press . he pull Diego 's arm off of Stephanie . 56 57 42 . dennis nylon I be just go to have he escort you out . Jesus Christ . you be the one who trespasp , you know . stephanie well , tough nut . it 's a free country . and I x11 escort my - self out , thank you . ( to Diego , be : she arm ) and you would better pray I do not have a bruise . Stephanie push past they and head for the exit . as she walk away , she begin to smile to herself , suddenly feel very cool and empower . she take out the coffee order list , look at it , then crumple it up and toss it coolly into a trash can . she exit around the corner . after a beat , she come back around the corner and take the crumpled list out of the garbage . she _uncrumple it , smooth it on she knee and hand it to a assistant . stephanie ( cont 'd ) they 's be wait for this in the conference room . please apologize to they for the delay . she give the assistant a apologetic look and head out . int . dennis nylon hq - elevator - continuous 56 Stephanie slip into the elevator , then pull out the letter . it 's a unflattering candid picture of emily , dress in a big army coat , she face draw , hair unwash . underneath it write in bold pen : '' gotta have faith . '' stephanie '' gotta have faith ? '' ( study it ) no wonder you do not like to have you picture take . ext . downtown warfield , ct - MAIN STREET - day 57 the unflattering photo of emily , copy to the point of blurriness , be stapled to a communi y bulletin board . Stephanie go store to store in the small downtown area put up flier with the caption '' have you see I ? '' and a otline number . Sean walk up and hand she a new stack . they exchange a sad smile . he 's grateful to she for all this . reveal Darren , stacy and sona watch from a Starbucks . darren look at we little Stephanie , comforting the worried husband . stacy oh , please . it 's a Arts -and - craft project . I have never see she pass up a chance to use a stapler . 58 43. darren think of the optimism that _goe into make that flier . it 's like they be look for a lose parrot . sona Emily 's go to hate that flier when she come back . darren she 's not come back . do not you ever watch dateline ? if a case be not solve in the first 72 hour , they be always dead . sona look sadly back at Stephanie , Sean stand nearby . int . emily 's house - dine room - day 58 a beautifully set table for four with steaming platter of food , good silver , linen napkin and light candle . Stephanie uncork a bottle of white wine and pour it in two wine glass at either end . Sean come in the front door in sweat , damp from a jog . stephanie oh , perfect timing . dinner 's ready . Sean stare at the table , then shake he head . stephanie ( cont 'd ) do I do something wrong ? sean no , I just ... I have never have this experience . come home to a set dinner table . I feel like I be in some '' twilight Zone . '' or '' leave it to beaver . '' stephanie be it too much ? sean it 's wonderful . anythin stable be like a gift from heaven this day . stephanie you do not believe in heaven . sean ( give she a smile ) maybe I be start to . I be go to take a shower . i’1l be right back . the doorbell ring . Sean go to the door and open it , revealing a man in a suit , detective meany , 40s , Cuban . Stephanie watch anxiously as he flash a badge . sean ( cont 'd ) Stephanie ? maybe you should help the boy with they homework . Stephanie hover in the doorway a moment , eye wide . stephanie of course . 59 60 44 , Stephanie grab the bread basket of roll and head up . stephanie ( cont ’d ) just a snack before dinner . meany nod to she , then watch she go , curious . detective meany cute nanny . sean no . she 's a friend of my wife 's . she 's be help I out . meany nod . he clock the open bottle of white wine on table , the light candle and fresh flower . meany smile . detective meany maybe she can help out around my house , too . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - day 59 mile and nicky sit on the edge of the bed munch roll and watch spongebob . stephanie ( anxious ) eat over the napkin . try not to crumb . the boy ignore she and keep eat sloppily . Stephanie 's curiosity get the best of she . she creep out onto ... the second floor landing 60 she hover in the shadow , try to make out they voice . detective meany the manifest from american Airlines say she be not on any flight to Miami . SE . bloody hell . detective meany but she do rent a White Kia from budget . she pay in_cash for a two - day rental . people usually pay cash for one reason . sean you be say she 's have a affair ? Stephanie lean so far forward she knock into the railing . detective meany I can not say that with any confidence . sean then do not say it . I be sure you 'il be able to track that Kia . 61 45 . detective meany we be work on it . I have toll report come in from across the country , assume she do not swap out the plate . I would like to send a description of you wife to every precinct in the tri-state area . any distinguishing feature ? sean yes . she 's drop dead gorgeous . Stephanie feel a pinch of envy . . detective meany any birth mark ? tattoos ? sean no . wait . actually , yes . she have a tattoo on she wrist . a bracelet of barb wire . ( off of meany 's look ) more eee jement ? look , Emily do thing like that . crazy , impulsive thing . it 's part of what make she the most exciting woman I have ever know . his voice trail off , forlorn . Stephanie can study he from this angle and she feel he loss . but she also feel a pang of jealousy . she shake it off . detective meany well , you be on a roller coaster now . ( with another smile ) tell you wife 's friend I say goodbye . int . emily 's house - kitchen - day 61 Stephanie wash the dish post-dinner in silence . Sean come in and pour himself the last of the wine . sean you do not have to do this . you be a saint . stephanie I be not a saint . I just like to keep my hand busy . sean where be she go in that damn Kia ? she would never be catch dead in a car like that . ugh , bad choice of word . stephanie she 's not dead . I know she 's not . sean then she 's have one hell of a affair . or maybe she just have to get away from I . stephanie Sean , you be a wonderful , caring , intelligent man . and Emily love you dearly . do not you ever undersell yourself like that again . I will not stand for it . 62 63 64 46 . Sean stare at she , then smile sadly . nod . she smile . stephanie ( cont 'd ) good . I be go to go home . it 's '' flag of the World '' day tomorrow at school and I have not even start on Asia . Stephanie move to leave . as she pass Sean at the table , he reach out and take she wrist . she gasp and stop short , look he in the eye . there 's genuine long in he gaze . he quickly let go of she wrist apologetically . sean sorry . it 's just ... no . I do not mean sorry . I mean thank you . for be such a good friend , Stephanie . not just to Emily , but to I as well . stephanie of course . I be a problem -solver . I just wish I could do more . sean you be do plenty . and you be a saint . i/e. stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - day 62 Stephanie drive home , chew she bottom lip , completely conflict . mile be asleep in he car seat in the back seat . stephanie ( v.o. ) that 's where we be today , mom ... int . stephanie 's house - kitchen - day 63 we catch up to the vlog from the very beginning . stephanie so , we be keep we head high and not jump to conclusion . we be soldier on with zucchini cookie . but if you want to help , Emily be drive a white kia rent at the budget at La guardia on April 24th . I do some digging and find that the license plate be New York F as in frieda , N as # 2 nicky , Z as in Zucchini , 1447 . if any of you mom happen to see it , I have get asketful of rosemary shampoo bar with you name on they . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day 64 Stephanie wear a robe and a towel turban over she wet hair , nefertiti-style . she open she taptop , check she e-mail . we hear the voice of one of she mom as Stephanie read . woman' voice ( V. +) '' dear Stephanie , I be write from standish , Michigan , with a possible Emily sighting . I be in a gas station off the 75 when I see a White Kia rental you describe . the woman be wearin baseball cap and glass , so I didn 's 't get a_ good look , but I manage to match the license plate number . I hope this help . ( more ) 47 . woman' voice ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and do you have a sugar - free '' Christmas cake recipe ? I wou -- '' Stephanie close she laptop and make a call . stephanie I would like to speak to detective meany . 65 int . emily 's house - kitchen - day 65 the boy play in the next room . Sean pour a drink : there 's a even deeper level of anxiety on he . Stephanie sip tea . stephanie meany send all the info to local authority in Michigan . do Emily ever mention Michigan ? maybe a friend trom college ? sean as far as I know , Emily never have any real friend . not before you . stephanie well , that 's ... I be flatter . but how be that possible ? sean she 's a workaholic . Sean 's cell phone ring . see the number and answer quickly . sean ( cont 'd ) hello ? tell I you find she ... ( to Stephanie ) do Emily have a celine handbag ? stephanie ( with dread ) the Nano tote . sean ( on phone ) yes , that 's hers . a lake ? I have no idea . I all head there now . ( hang up ) they find the rental car in Michigan . Stephanie grab Sean 's hand , squeezing it . sean ( cont 'd ) I have to go or I be go to go crazy . can you do I a favor a stephanie done . i’1l take care of nicky . go. 66 on video vlog - kitchen - day 66 stephanie hi , mom . Stephanie here . I can see we have a flood of new viewer today , so welcome . but I be sorry , this be probably not the best entry to start with . 67 68 69 70 48. ext . witch lake ( michigan ) - day 67 a tow truck tow a mud-splash white kia down the dirt road . stephanie ( v:9 - ) that of you who have be follow the last few week , you know that my best friend go miss . ext . lakeside - michigan wood - day 68 a CSI photographer take a shot of footprint on a dirt path . stephanie ( v.o. ) so many of you write to I with you tip or hunch . int . witch lake - cramped space - day 69 crime scene investigator tag and bag various personal item strewn about a cabin line with rusty bunk bed . stephanie ( v.o. special thanks to leanne dippen , whose helpful tip lead to a major break in the case . a glove CSI hand empty Emily 's handbag of its content : cell phone . lip gloss . sunglass . lego man holding a sword . ext . michigan lake front - day 70 local police officer loll around at the bank , casually chat or on cell phone as a exhaust Sean stand at the water 's edge , arm fold , he face as pale as he watch the lake . stephanie ( v.o. ) I have somber news ... diver in tank and goggle drag the bottom . faint bubbles pepper the surface in spot . one of the diver surface and wave he hand , point below . he find something . stephanie ( v.o. ) Emily be find . Sean 's face fall as the truth hit he hard . the diver resurface with a body under he arm . the pale corpse of a woman , she loose hair hide she face like seaweed . he swim toward the shore , tug she along . stephanie vo ) not alive , I be afrai the police move in to meet he and take the body onto the land . Emily 's face be bloat , she eye wide open , she lip parte as if take she last breath . stephanie ( v.o . ) my friend , my best friend . be dead . 71 72 49 , Sean reach for she lifeless hand with the barb wire tattoo . and he mother 's sapphire and diamond wedding ring . Sean break down sobbing . int . mortuary - day 71 Sean be a wreck as he speak to the mortician . Stephanie hang back a few foot , supportive . mortician a open casket help give the love one a sense of closure . sean I ... God - I have to think for a second . Sean head out of the mortuary , leave Stephanie alone with the mortician . they stand together in silence . mortician let he know we have the best embalmer . usually with drown victim , the skin be too fragile for a open casket . but not we . we can give she a glow . stephanie ( uncomfortable ) she be very private . and very particular about how she look . mortician oh , we only use the best brand of make - up . and filler . you ’1ll never even know out she miss tooth . stephanie miss tooth ? mortician yes , the right front one . stephanie ( baffle ) do she lose it when she die ? mortician have to be a old injury . the bone be grow over it . but we will cover it . think of we as life 's final fashion runway . ext . warfield cemetery - day 72 emily casket be lower into a grave as a priest deliver a sermon . Darren , sona , stacy , other parent , Dennis Nylon , Emily 's co-worker , they be all there . Sean and Stephanie stand a safe distance apart . nicky wear a navy blue suit and a numb countenance as the pulley rope be remove and the casket settles in . Stephanie glance at Sean , whose eye be red . put she hand on he arm . we see Dennis Nylon stare at Stephanie intently , thinkin Stephanie look over at he and he look back at the pries before Stephanie see he be watch . 73 74 50 . int . emily 's house - day 73 Emily 's funeral reception . people mill around . Stephanie set food out on the buffet table . Darren set he homemade brownie out on a crystal platter next to she . he and Stephanie trade a look and a sad smile . stephanie be that ...? darren they be . from you '' last Minute brownie '' entry . stephanie I can not believe you watch my vlog . darren well , to be honest , I be make fun of you at first . but then there be some elpful tip in there - especially when lulu have that rash . Apple cider vinegar . who know ? Stephanie give he a sad smile as sona walk up . darren ( cont 'd ) you be a saint to help out she family . stephanie I be not a saint . Emily be my friend . she would do the same thing for I . sona if you or Sean ever need I to watch mile or nicky any time , it 's nothing . stephanie thanks , sona . ext . emily 's house - backyard - day 74 nicky rip branch off a_ tree one by one . angry and frustrated , he need a release . mile approach nicky from behind , also in he suit . mile nicky . you do not need to worry . you Mom 's in heaven . with my dad and uncle Chris . nicky no , she 's not . she 's in the ground . she 's never come back . mile nicky ( cont 'd ) she 's in heaven now - shut up ! nicky fly at mile and shove he to the ground . mile owwww ! stop !!! 75 51 . nicky straddle mile and smack he across the face , open - palm , leave then right then leave then right until mile 's nose start gush blood . int . kitchen - day 75 Stephanie notice the scuffle out the window and race -- out to the backyard sean ( racing over ) what the hell be you do !? Sean yank nicky off mile and hold he back . sean ( cont 'd ) calm down . Stephanie move to mile and help he up off the ground , kneel to look at he nose . nicky point at Stephanie . nicky she make this happen . she make my mom ie ! Stephanie feel dizzy . she glance around and notice Darren watch all this from the kitchen window . sean oh , Jesus , nicky - that 's crazy . nicky she 's try to be my new mom . stephanie I be not try to be you new mom , sweetie . nicky you be try to be everybody 's Mom . but you be not mine ! sean nicky ( cont 'd ) nicky , stop . I know you be I want my mom ! upset , but - sean I know you do , but you need to calm down . Sean struggle to hold onto nicky who kick wildly . _ nicky Mom be right . you be a loser ! Sean hurl nicky on the ground , snap . Stephanie gasp . sean be that what you mother say ? be that when she be drunk at two in the afternoon ? I be do the best I can ! stephanie Sean , shhh . he 's a little boy . 76 52 . all at once , Sean realize what he 's do . sean oh my God , what be I do ? what have I do ? nicky ... Jesus . nicky hurl himself on the ground and hide he face with he hand . Sean touch he arm . nicky swat he away . nicky get away from I ! Sean look up at Stephanie , completely lose . some of the guest watch from a distance . sean what do I do ? stephanie let 's everybody take a deep center breath . we be go to do one thing at a time . let I talk to nicky ; and Sean , you get some ice for mile 's nose . he 's get a good little shiner come . Sean put he hand on mile 's shoulder , walk he inside . Stephanie sit down on the grass next to nicky . nicky I do not want to talk to you . stephanie well , you be not my favorite dinner date eithér , mister . but I think you should know everything you be feel right now be normal . you can act up all you want - but it will not change what I know . nicky ( suspicious ) what do you know ? stephanie that you be a good kid . from a distance , sean turn to see Stephanie calmly sit across from nicky , like a snake-charmer . he stare sadly . stephanie from a distance ) ( cont ’d ) so let 's sit here and not talk . let 's just sit here and feel lousy and watch the grass grow . sometimes you just need to feel what you be feel . until it get better . ome be the only medicine . int . emily 's house - stair - dusk 76 Stephanie carry a sleep , spend nicky upstairs into he room . she lay he on he bunk . mile be asleep in the upper bunk . Stephanie kiss nicky 's forehead and slip out ... 77 78 53. into the hallway Sean be stand silhouett against the light from the master bedroom . his eye bloodshot , tear-filled . she move to he and hug he . stephanie ; you get to break some egg sometimes . do not be hard on yourself . this be the sort of thing nobody ever get right . sean you do . you always do . he sink into she . this feel all too familiar and dangerous . her heart pound against he . Sean can feel it too . his need for she be turn physical . his hand slide down , rest on the small of she back . stephanie Sean , I do not know ... sean ; I will stop . i’1l stop if you be sure you want I to . his hand move lower ... to she ass . she inhale sharply but do not stop he . his hand slide between she leg . it 's be a long time . his finger move rhythmically . her breathe pick up . he hike up she black dress , ease down she underpant . she grab he wrist to stop he . sean ( cont 'd ) right , you be right . we should not . she stare in he eye . her heart pound loud in she ear , she then kiss he hungrily . they attack each other ... int . emily's house - master bedroom 77 Sean hurl she on the bed and climb on top of she . as she reach down to unbuckle he belt , he grab she wrist and pin they to the bed . she visualize -- sean pinning emily 's wrist to the bed the exact same way . Stephanie try to shake off the image as he kiss down she body to between she leg . she writhes in brutal ecstasy as he go down on she , pin she hand down . stephanie oh my god ... oh my god ... no ... she fight it but it 's too late . her body arch and twitches with a groan of intense pleasure . yell in ecstacy . stephanie ( cont'd ohhh , sugar -free christmas cake ! int . emily 's house - master bedroom - later 78 Stephanie and Sean lie in bed next to each other . stare at the ceiling in stunne disbelief . after several beat ... 79 80 81 54 . stephanie well , I think it be a lovely service . very tasteful . sean yes , it be . they keep stare up at the ceiling ... stephanie ( pre - lap ) hi mom . Stephanie here . in a time of so much grief , it 's important to find that silver lining . int . warfield elementary school - auditorium - day 79 the second-graders be dress in yellow t-shirt with hand paint sun . they ; sing '' it 's a Sunshine Day '' while perform it in sign language . Ms. Kerry lead in front . second grader sbverybody 's 's laugh / it 's 's a sunshine day / every ! ody 's sing / it 's a sunshine ay ... the parent crowd the auditorium shoot video on iphone . Stephanie be in she photo vest , equip with a telephoto lens ; but she 's lose some of hér over ! earing quality . she steal glance at Sean . he glance back , then feel Darren 's eye on he . Stephanie smile until she eye fall on nicky : he 's sing with all he heart . her smile fall , think of Emily . int . emily 's house - live room - day 80 mile and nicky watch sponge Bob and laugh hysterically . nicky tax enter with a tray of tempeh . with he eye on she , nic take one off the trays eat it , swallow with difficulty ... then give she a small smile . it 's a small gesture , but it mean the world to both . int . emily 's house - laundry room - day 81 Sean 's jogging short hang around he ankle . Stephanie 's perch on the rumbling wash machine while Sean have sex with she . she fold she ankle behind he , pull he in . sean do not do that . you be gonna make I come . stephanie Fair be fair . sean ( suddenly climaxin ohhh , sugar - free Christmas cake ! he slump against she , then give she a playful smile . 82 55 . stephanie ( with a laugh ) oh god . you be terrible . she playfully swat the back of he head . he wink and kiss she shoulder . she smile to herself , feel powerful . happy . int . emily's house - kitchen - day 82 pandora play on Stephanie 's iphone . beyonce 's '' girl ( run the world ) . '' Stephanie dance as she wash some dish . stephanie Girls ! we run this mother / Girls ! we run this mother / Girls ! we run this mother - her back be turn when Sean open the kitchen door , home from work . he watch she pive - crack a smile . she feel he there and turn , mortify . stephanie ( cont 'd ) oh my God . it be -- ( grab phone ; stop it ) I like to listen to hip hop when I cook . how embarrassing . sean no , keep it on . I like when you '' twerk . '' stephanie oh lord . he can I make you a_drink ? Emily taugh " I how to make a Duke 's martini . a flash of pain cross Sean 's face at the mention of Emily . stephanie ( cont 'd ) gosh , that be really insensitive of I . sean no , it 's fine . and I would love one . Stephanie open the freezer and take out Emily 's gin and glass . stare at it , then start to make the martini . stephanie Sean ... how do she lose she tooth ? sean what ? stephanie Emily . the mortician say that she be miss she front tooth . she sure have a good falsie . I have no idea . sean I be not aware she have a fake tooth . stephanie be that something she have hide from you ? 83 84 85 56 . sean she hide everything from I . sometimes I be amaze I know as much about she as I do . Stephanie see he pain as he look off distantly . soften . stephanie I make you guy cashew chicken with stir - — fry veggy . it 's almost ready . mile and I will 's get out of you hair . sean I have rather the two of you stay for dinner . my hair can take it . Stephanie turn and smile . Sean smile back hopefully . stephanie I be really hope you have say that . ext . warfield , ct - street - day 83 a beautiful morning in warfield . the flier of emily , tear and weathered , flap sadly in the wake of pass car . int . emily 's house - live room - day 84 Stephanie stand in the center of Emily 's live room , take it all in . it 's impressive . she see the sonos remote . she run she finger along it remember Emily . then she push the '' on '' button . a 60 french pop song begin to play . Emily listen sadly , then start to enjoy the son she do a little turn and end up face to face with the NI do painting of emily , which stare back at she . look catch , Stephanie think for a second , then take down the painting . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - day 85 sunlight pour into the ultra hip modern bedroom as the french pop song continue play from the ceiling speaker . Stephanie slip off she wear moccasin and tiptoe , carry the painting to - emily closet Stephanie look with some trepidation at the array of slick designer clothes . then , with a look of determination , she stop in for the first time as if into a tomb , she rest the painting against the wall . she 's so cautious it 's as if she 's certain it 's haunt . she pivot and she 's face to face with -— - a dolce & gabbana fitte silk dress . she hold it up to herself in the mirror . she can not believe she 's do this . she pause , reverent , respectful . but suddenly , excitement get the better of she and she strip down to she bra and panty , unzip the dress , and step into it . she try to tug up the zipper but she can not get it up . frustrate , she yank the zipper up by force . she study she reflection in the mirror , jiking what she see . she stand on tiptoe , simulate high heel 86 57 . Stephanie move to the closet where the designer shoe be keep in they box : prada , Jimmy choo , ysl . she make a Emily face and strike pose in the mirror in time with the french song . stephanie ( channele Emily ) '' one 's not enough , ree 's too many , two 's just right . just like tit . '' she smile . the doorbell ring . Stephanie panic . she desperately try to unzip the dress . not happen . Stephanie race to the window and look down . see a sedan park out front and detective meany at the front door . she gasp as he look up and sees her . detective meany Ms. smother ? can I talk to you ? stephanie ( force casual ) sure thing ! come right down . ( to herself ) shit , shit , shit . oopsy . int . emily 's house - day 86 trapped in the dress , Stephanie race downstairs , barefoot , sti tug at the zipper . she dive at the sonos remote , turn it off and yank open the door . stephanie hi! sorry ! I be just - I leave something here and Sean give I the key . for when I bring nicky home . we have a arrangement . a deal ! I mean a very domestic deal . detective meany you be not under arrest , Ms. smother . stephanie ha ! ha ha . well , I should hope not . ( suddenly sérious ) Sean 's not home . detective meany I be hope to speak to you , actually . I go by you house and the school . some of the mom say you might be here . stephanie oh , really . who ? it be stacy , be not it ? detective meany can I come in ? stephanie of course . entre vous . ha ha . Stephanie clear the door , sweat , as meany enter . detective meany I have a few follow - up question . 58 . stephanie well , I have more than a few myself . Stephanie have a hard time sit in the extremely tight dress , but she manage a awkward pose on the divan . _. _detective meany you say Emily be you best friend . stephanie she be . be . it 's hard to get use to - detective meany be she depressed ? stephanie . no . she have it all : the job , the house - detective meany the husband . stephanie I be get there . detective meany the neighbor say they fight a lot . stephanie oh , they have they issue . but they love each other . intensely . . detective meany too intensely ? stephanie I think the exact right amount of '' intensely . '' detective meany what '' issue '' do they have ? stephanie normal issue . they be stress out about money . Emily want to slow down . detective meany produce a document . detective meany she slowed down all right . here 's the autopsy report . ( read ) '' severe liver damage suggest heavy use of alcohol . track mark along she arm and between she toe . '' be you aware of she heroin use ? Stephanie 's eye be as wide as a deer in the headlight . stephanie uh , I ... no . I really do not believe that . she like very strong martinis , b-- detective meany they find the needle . 87 88 59 . stephanie ( reeling ) but -- how could she keep that a secret ? not just from I . from Sean ... detective meany you seem to know Sean pretty well . stephanie ( compose herself ) I have get to know he over the last few week -- as friend help each other through a crisis . detective meany uh huh . I be guess youtve never deal with law enforcement before . int . stephanie's house - day ( flashback ) 87 a younger stephanie open the door to two policeman with grave expression . without sound , they begin tell she about the accident with she husband and brother . int . emily 's house - day - back to present 88 Stephanie regains she composure . stephanie not really , no . detective meany then 1/11 simp plity this . do Emily know you be bang she husband ? Stephanie struggle to keep she wit . stephanie that ss a very rude way to put it . ( a deep breath ) the answer be no . because it start after she die . people grieve in very different way . we have be discreet ; we have be respectful of she memory . no one know . not a single person in warfield , not even the child . he stare at she a moment with a half -smile , toy with she . meany finally lean in , go for the knockout . detective meany be you aware that Sean take out a extra four million dollar life insurance policy on Emily before she disappear ? Stephanie go ash white . stephanie no , I ... I do not know that . ( mock ) so , what be you say ? Sean hire a '' hitman '' ? that he rubbed she out ? detective meany I never say that . but you just do . 89 90 60 . stephanie look , I do not appreciate you attitude , quite frankly , Mr. meany . { ou want to grill anybody , ou should to to Emily 's boss , Dennis Nylon . he could not be more suspicious . detective meany that 's interesting because he contact we and say that he think you may know more about all this than you be let on. ( off she shocked look ) as long as you be be honest with I , Ms. smother , you have get nothing to worry about . I be just follow bread crumb , wherever they lead . meany stand up , leave Stephanie in she confound state . detective meany ( cont ’d ) I be do for now . thank you for you time . Nice dress , by the way . her clothes look good on you . as he head for the door , Stephanie erupt : stephanie you theory do not hold water . how do it explain the fake plane ticket ? the rental car ? why drive to a summer Camp in Michigan to do heroin ? there 's plenty of good heroin right here in Connecticut ! ++. I be tell . detective meany I will be in touch . enjoy the new house . as he head out the door , she call after he . stephanie that be the worst bread crumb ever . you could not fill a caesar salad with they . as he vanish , Stephanie be deep in think , confuse , disgust and finally ... determine . french pop kick in . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - day 89 with kitchen shear , Stephanie cut the dolce dress up the front and rip it off herself like hulk . rrriiiiip !!! int . emily 's house - home office - day 90 Stephanie go ; through drawer , search through Emily 's file and receipt , find nothing much of interest . pull out a large manila envelop that 's already be open from a pile . written on the envelope be '' em - can you sign these ? -— insurance guy need they asap - thanks ! S . '' she look inside the envelope but it 's empty . she look a bit freak . from outside , we see stephanie through the office window . be this someone 's Pov or not ? we be unsure . 91 92 93 61 . Stephanie stare at the write on the envelope , think . suddenly , bang ! Stephanie gasp as something hit the window . heart pound , she stand and look out the window . stephanie 's Pov : a bird be on the ground , daze from hit the window . it flop around a bit , recover and fly off . Stephanie catch she breath , recover from the shock . then she look at the write on the envelope again , put it back in the pile and head for the door . ext . connecticut college - day 91 happy , busy look coed cross the path en route to class . Stephanie move across the campus , deep in think . ext . connecticut college - english dept . - day 92 as Stephanie round the corner , she see Sean with a very attractive female t.a -- cool clothes , highlight blonde hair . a young version of Emily . Sean and the girl walk out , deep in flirty conversation . the girl laugh at a joke he make and then touch he arm gently . they hug . Stephanie watch with a pit in she stomach . int . emily 's house - dine room - day 93 all seat around the table , Stephanie , Sean , mile and nicky eat in silence . Stephanie look tense , pre- occupy . mile Mom , nicky 's glass be not on the coaster . stephanie what ? oh , nicky , put Mr. Glass on Mr. coaster please . nicky roll he eye and move he glass onto the coaster as he crunch on he salad , confuse . nicky be this amino acid in this salad ? stephanie that be just bread crumb . determined , he keep crunching . Stephanie hesitates , then ... stephanie ( cont 'd ) ( to Sean ) so how be work today ? sean grim . I have to explain the difference between '' you '' possessive and '' you be '' ap postrophe r-e to a college junior . remarkable . that 's where my write time have go . to proofreading illiterate . stephanie I can see how that might ... drive a man over the edge . 62 . she 's do everything she can to contain she roiling soul . sean and what do you guy learn in school today ? other than unmerite self -esteem . nicky ( mouth full ) I see my Mom . the dinner table go silent . Sean and Stephanie meet eye , then look back at the boy , crunching on crouton . sean I understand , buddy . we sometimes think we see people we miss ... even if they be go . nicky ( crunching loudly ) no , I see she . Stephanie be hold she breath . the crunching be madden , inescapable , like a tell - tale heart . nicky ( cont ’d ) she be right outside the fence by the kickball yard . at recess . sean lot of people look like other people ... nicky nobody look like Mom . he finally look up at a_ stunne Sean and Stephanie as the crunching stop and he slurp he drink . nicky ( cont ’d ) she tell I say hi to Stephanie . Stephanie drop she knife onto she plate with a clank . sean nicky , this be not healthy . nicky mile see she too . right , mile ? mile look scared to be draw into this . mile I think I do , but ... I do not know . I be play tetherball . stephanie do you two hatch this up ? be this some game you be play ? like when you smash everything with truck . you know what we say about lie ? nicky I be not lie ! fuck you , I see she ! 94 95 96 97 63 . sean hey ! nicky leave the table and race upstairs . the other three sit at the table in pain silence . ext . emily 's house - trash area - dusk 94 a preoccupy Stephanie be take out the trash after dinner . suddenly , there's movement in the bush . stephanie hello ? be somebody there ? she move forward cautiously when suddenly , whoosh ! a bird burst out of the bush and flap past she . Stephanie gasp , then hustle back inside the house , freak . stephanie ( cont 'd ) agh ! stupid bird ! int . emily 's house - nicky 's bedroom - dusk 95 both in they pajamas , nicky and mile clamber into they bunk bed . Stephanie kiss mile good night . mile ' night , Mom . stephanie ' night , smooch . Stephanie get up and head for the door . nicky , ; do not I get a kiss good night ? Stephanie head over to he bed . stephanie qf course , you do . but you owe the oopsy jar a quarter for earlier . Stephanie lean over nicky and peck he on the cheek . as she do , she smell something . Emily 's perfume ? int . emily 's house - laundry room - dusk 96 preoccupy , Stephanie check the pocket of the boy 's clothes before she throw they into the washer . she pause at nicky 's school clothes . smell they . Emily 's perfume again . then she turn inside - out the pocket from nickyan corduroy to find : the chevron friendship bracelet . int . emily 's house - live room - dusk 97 as Stephanie head through the exposed glass room , she grow nervous in the fishbowl . 98 99 64 . ext . emily 's house - live room - dusk 98 for just a brief moment , we watch stephanie from outside the glass house , froma distant , anonymous Pov . Stephanie seem to sense someone behind the glass . she turn off the light . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - dusk 99 Stephanie head into the room . she pause at the window for a moment . Sean come up behind she and pull she close . sean let 's get naked . stephanie Sean , wait . we need to have a talk about nicky 's laundry . sean about he laundry ? can we please hit pause on the '' Captain Mom '' thing ? stephanie the Captain Mom thing ? sean ( sigh ; know he fuck up ) that 's just what Emily use to call you . she be mask she own guilt . because you be such a saint . stephanie I be not a saint . and she know that . if anybody know it , it be she ! Sean be confuse by she demeanor . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I smell she , Sean . I smell she on nicky . her perfume ... it 's like a ghost all over he , all over he corduroy . ean he probably get into the bottle in the medicine cabinet . he miss she . you be get paranoid . stephanie be I ? because I also find this . she hold out the chevron friendship bracelet . sean what be that ? stephanie a friendship bracelet I make for Emily . sean I hate to say it but she would not have keep that . she hate that stuff . I be sure she give it to he right after you give it to she . 100 65 . stephanie ( deflate ) nicky and I be get so close , but ... now the way he 's to king , Sean , do not _it worry you ? would not you think we should get he a_ psychologist ? they can do a lot with play therapy : they | ave this plastic figure in a sandbox . mean , he ’1ll smash all of they , but - sean let 's let it rest for tonight . stephanie or maybe he 's tell the truth . sean Stephanie , you see she with you own eye . in she coffin . stephanie there be something ... off . sean she be dead . they find she at the bottom of a lake . you see she crazy tattoo - and the ring she steal from my mother . stephanie she say you mother want she to have that ring . she say she insisted . Sean sit on the bed . he laugh darkly and shake he head . sean God . be that what she tell you ? that be the ring my father give my mother . it 's the only piece of jewelry she ever own . whole life , I never see she take it off . I take Emily to England to meet my mum after we elope . that weekend , the zing go missin : my mother be frantic . ook everywl ére . I go down to the basement to tear apart the plumbing . we never find it . my mother be devastate . so , we fly back to New York ... int . transatlantic flight ( moving ) - day ( flashback 100 y and Sean sit side by side on the plane ride home from ea they be six year young , radiant in love . emily guess what I find ? Emily reach in she purse and pull out the sapphire and diamond ring , show it to he . sean oh , thank god . well do , my little sherlock ! mum will be so relieved . 101 102 66 . emily oh , mum 's not get this . she 'il take it to the grave . what a waste . sean Excuse I . not amusing , my darling . emily not joke , my darling . I take it and I have no intention of give it back . sean of course you will give it back . i’11 tell mum it drop in you purse by accident , that you au ain 's t find it until now . emily if you tell you mother that I find it , tell she I steal it . what do you think will be worse for she ? think she lose she ring or know that she son marry a thief ? Sean be stunne by she cold cruelty . Emily slip off she modest engagement ring and don Sean 's mother 's antique . emily ( cont 'd ) meet I in the bathroom in twenty second . knock twice . Emily get up and disappear up the aisle into the bathroom stall , shutting the door . Sean stare after she , he world spin on its axis . he marry a monster . he make a decision , get up and head to the bathroom door . knock twice . the door open . he disappear inside . int . airplane bathroom - day ( flashback ) 101 we watch Emily and Sean 's face as they make love in the tight quarter . Sean stare at she as she stare back at he intensely , passionately . the theft be she aphrodisiac . sean ( v.o. ) nicky be bear nine month later . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - resuming 102 Sean and Stephanie hold each other 's gaze . stephanie how could you stay with she ? sean she fascinate I . she be the one woman I could never figure out . and as_an arrogant young writer , that 's all that matter to I at the time . she be my mystery '' but I be she dream . I could never live up to what she want from I . I could never be myself . Stephanie just stare back at he , listen . 67 . sean ( cont 'd ) and I be always look over m shoulder . I never sleep well . with you , it 's different . I sleep like a log . stephanie that 's what every woman want to hear . sean ( smile sweetly ) you know what I be say . you see I . you understand I . you have rebuilt I , Stephanie . I even start write again , part of a first chapter . stephanie you do ? that 's ... wonderful . sean you take a break man and you put he back together . I be a better person , a better father . I have never know a woman with you compassion and you strength . Stephanie swallow hard , touch by he word . she nod . sean ( cont 'd ) move in with I . stephanie what ? Sean . it 's too soon . what will people think ? sean they already think it . why do we have to lie ? I be tired of pretend , I want to be this man , the man I be with you . he stroke she cheek . she pull back . stiffen . then ... stephanie I do not do threesome . we should get that out in the open right now . sean what be you talk about ? stephanie you t.a .? you and Emily have you little «+. thing with she . sean do Emily tell you that ? ( off Stephanie 's look ) Stephanie , listen to I . Emily be a pathological liar . stephanie steel herself ) why do you take out a 4 million dollar insurance policy on she ? 103 104 68. sean ( a beat ; shake he head ) good Lord , the cop have really do a number on you . it 's because of you , Stephanie . when you tell Emily you be live off you husband 's insurance money , she realize that she and I both need policy . for nicky 's sake . it be the most responsible thing we ever do . thanks to you . now be the interrogation over , detective smother ? ( take she hand ) move in with I . we can start a new wonderful life together . you and I and the boy . please say yes . Stephanie stare into he eye . she so want this all to be true that she can not resist . she nod and hug he . sean ( cont 'd ) I love you , Stephanie smother . stephanie ( eye wide , then ) I love you , too . music up : mala rodriguez be '' fuerza '' start to play ... int . emily 's house - master bedroom - day 103 as the song plays , Stephanie take Emily 's clothes out of the closet and hang they in garment bag . she replace they with she own clothes , less chic , more flowy . eileen Fisher . she rap along in Spanish , feel empower . stephanie I da igual gue este ciego , no soy tu parienta / facil la cabeza the rebientan / se aplican sentencias en mis , andare influencias ... she enter stephanie's closet - - come face - to- face with the nude portrait . avoid eye with it , Stephanie pull down the designer shoe box a lift the tias to ogle the amazing shoe . Stephanie gasp to find one of the manolo blahnik 's contain a lady pistol . stephanie ( cont 'd ) oh my God . in shock , Stephanie pick up the gun awkwardly , pinching the barrel . she glance around the room , try to figure out where to put it . she eye the night stand drawer alongside Emily 's bed . she open it to find a giant hot pink glass dildo . Stephanie gasp and return the lady pistol to its original shoe box and shove it back on a high shelf , completely weird out . ext . stephanie 's house - day 104 as the song continue , a '' for sale '' sign go up outside Stephanie 's house with the name and info of a local realtor . 105 106 107 108 109 69 . int . stephanie 's house - day 105 as the song continue , Stephanie take down all personal affect : mile 's art work and they family picture as she continue to rap in Spanish : stephanie niflas con deporte lo hacen con elegancia / yo , tengo presencia ... ext . emily 's house - day 106 as the song continue , Stephanie carry box of stuff from a u- haul truck to the front door . she 's move in with Sean . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - day 107 as the song continue , Stephanie continue to rap as she unzip she dress down’to she bra and underwear . she go to the closet to hang it back up , so happy . stephanie disfruta quitale importancia / no the queje tanto , tos tuvimo infancia -- when she slide open the door , she rap stop with a gasp : all of emily 's clothes be back in the closet , hanging exactly as they be before stephanie removed they . stephanie ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) hi , mom . Stephanie here . I want to start with something a bit different today . on video vlog - kitchen 108 Stephanie address the camera at night . stephanie I try to avoid any talk of religion on this vlog : because I do not want to offend we non-denominational mom . but I do believe we live on after we die . in some fashion . so emil - if you be out there «+ . and you can ear I , I want to tell you a few thing . we all miss you more than I can say . nicky know that you 'il always be he mom . no one will ever replace you . but he no longer cry at night , like he use to . I know you would not want that . and I want you to know that i_am prepare the most nutritious food for he . I can never take you place . all I can do be love the people you use to love and try to_ make they life better . which be what I know you would want . Rest in peace , my dear est friend . wherever you be . int . stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - day 109 Stephanie drive mile and nicky home from school . they each have a superhero figurine and crash they against each other . Stephanie glance in the rear view get stress out . 70 . stephanie it 's get a little too rough back there , guy . nicky ha ! I just kill you ! mile I come back to life ! like you Mom ! stephanie okay ! the doll go in you backpack or they be go in the trash ! now ! mile Mom ! they be not doll ! nicky make a face at mile . he shove he figure in he backpack and remember something , retrieve a SMALL square brown envelope with the name stephanie written neatly on it . nicky oh . my mom tell I to give you this . stephanie look in the rearview mirror at he , chill , as_ he hold out the envelop to she . she nearly drive through a red light and slam on the brake , the car spin 180 as other car screech to a stop to avoid she . both kid fly hard against they car seat restraint . they sit in silence , then - nicky ( cont ’d ) that be awesome . off stephanie , heaving for breath -- int . emily 's house - day 110 the boy race upstairs . Stephanie listen to make sure they be in they room , then she rush into the kitchen . int . emily 's house - kitchen - day 111 Stephanie tear open the envelope . she pull out a photo : a smiling stephanie hold mile , age 2 , in her arm . next to her be her husband davis and next to he be her brother CHRIS . a grease pencil have be use to circle mile and Chris with a arrow connect they . under Stephanie , be a arrow and the word '' brother fucker . '' Stephanie 's heart pound '' the phone ring . Stephanie jump out of she skin . she stiffen and reach for the phone . the caller id say unknown . as she answer ... emily ( 0.s. ) you like the photo ? you should be more careful what you leave behind when you try to sell a little gingerbread house . stephanie who be this ? 114 71 . emily ( 0.s. ) I be just call to say thank you for all that '' nutritious food for nicky , '' you martha steward wannabe . oh , you be just squeaky clean , be not you ? you be not fool I . you fuck you brother , Stephanie . I bet mile be not even you husband 's kid . I think I be warpe , but you have I beat by a landslide . and what be this fetish with you ? fuckin guy after funeral ? sick stuff , dar ide . stephanie tell I where you be . emily ( 0.s. ) put up you hand . do not tell I how many finger you be hold up . Stephanie make the peace sign in the air . emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) two . peace out . Stephanie flinch . she move to the window and squint out at the wood . emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) uh , uh , uh ... no cheating . stephanie why be you do this ? emily ( 0.s. ) how do you know it 's just I do it ? Stephanie freeze when she hear this . stephanie what do you mean ? emily ( 0.s. ) kiss Sean for I . four million time . click . the line go dead . Stephanie can barely breathe . int . stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - day 112 Stephanie drive , grip the steering wheel . ext . connecticut college - english dept . - day 113 Stephanie head into the red brick building . int . connecticut college - sean 's office - day 114 Sean correct essay at he desk . Stephanie rush in . sean hey . I do not know you be come in . I would take you to lunch but I be drown . 72 . stephanie be you try to '' diabolique '' I ? sean what be you talk about ? stephanie there 's a french movie about this gu whose wife and mistress team up to kill he . but then it turn out that he 's in cahoot with the mistress to give the wife a heart attack so they can collect her_ inheritance . but I do not have a four million dollar life insurance policy , so I can not figure out why you be try to give I a heart attack ! Sean take she by the shoulder and talk to she like a child have a tantrum , control and patronize . he break there 's a sean Stephanie . you need to breathe . nicky 's get to you . Emily be dead . stephanie what about the miss tooth ? and the heroin ? how could she just happen _to be on heroin ? we have to dest the police . sean tell they what ? that the woman we bury come back to life ? they be go to think you be insane . do you really want to do that to mile and nicky ? ( hold she ) we may never have all the answer . Emily be reckless . you know that as well as I do . she overdid it for some reason . it be just a stupid , tragic accident . you understand that , right ? stephanie she call I today . from the embrace . sean what ? stephanie she call I , Sean . she know thing about I that I have never tell anyone else . she 's be watch we -- sean this be madness . I have a friend in the psychology department -- fast knock on the door as someone enter . beth ( 0.s. ) hey , handsome . get time for a visitor ? it 's the pretty t.a. beth ( 20 ) . she stop , surprised to see Stephanie . Stephanie study the two of they suspiciously . 73 . beth ( cont 'd ) I do not know you be in a meeting . sean Beth , this be Stephanie . Beth shake Stephanie 's hand , both woman chilly . beth Nice to meet you . ( to Sean ) I be post gonna ask if you need the smart board today . ' cuz it 's break . sean I can live without it . Beth nod , give he a flirty smile and disappear . sean ( cont 'd ) Stephanie . go home . Emily have a prescription of xanax in the medicine cabinet . take one . take two . stephanie maybe she have some extra heroin lie around . sean this be all grief . stage of grief . Stephanie study he , then take a deep breath . deflate . stephanie you be right . I be sorry , I - I think I be just overwhelm . sorry to bother you at work and sorry about you ... smart board . she leave quickly . Sean stare after she , then furrow he brow , sink deep into think . 115 int . emily 's closet - day 115 Stephanie stand in front of the nude painting of emily , study the pretty , enigmatic face ... emily ( pre - lap ) poor Stephanie . you just need someone to love you ... 116 int . emily 's house - live room - night ( flashback ) 116 the fireplace be blaze . Emily and Stephanie nurse martinis . half -drunk , watch the fire . stephanie I have you . all I need be a good friend . emily , ; but do not you miss sex ? have a man throw you down and ravage you ? stephanie I barely remember what it 's like . 74 . emily why be you such a masochist ? you could have a man in you bed any time you want . stephanie I have a man . and I ruin it . emily how ? what the hell do that mean ? Stephanie instantly regret let that slip . Emily see this be something deeper . she soften . emily ( cont 'd ) tell I -- stephanie no . emily I be you best friend . if you can not tell I , you can not tell anyone . ext . stephanie's house - backyard - day ( flashback ) 117 a bbq be in full swing . Stephanie be talk to she brother Chris , more like flirt . she wear a sundress and a ponytail , look beautiful . she laugh as they talk . mile ( age 2 ) tug she skirt . Chris grab he '' nephew '' and toss he in the air , too high £ for safety . mile laugh wildly , but Stephanie 's panic there 's a loud knock on the window pane of the kitchen . her husband davis ( 40 ) watch , enraged . Stephanie scoops up mile in she arm and head ... int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day ( flashback ) 118 -.- into the kitchen . she can see Davis be furious . Stephanie nuzzle mile and set he down_in he high chair . Davis watch as she bring mile a plastic bowl of cheerios . davis I need the truth . stephanie what be you talk about ? davis about Chris . and mile . stephanie he 's my brother , Davis . davis you do not act like it . sometimes you look more like lover . please , I need to know . be mile mine or not ? stephanie of course he be ! my GOD , Davis , that 's ridiculous . listen to yourself . 75 . Davis move to the sink and toss the dish into it with a loud crash . he walk out the back screen door into the yard . Stephanie watch , she stomach in she throat . then : crash ! mile throw he bowl of cheerios down on the floor and applaud with laughter ! Stephanie look out the window . she can not see Davis or Chris . panicked , she race to the front door and throw it open . she see Davis and Chris head toward the driveway together . stephanie ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? CHRIS steph , it 's alright . do not worry . we be go for a drive . we be go to have a ittle talk . man-to-man . no problem . Davis do not acknowledge she as he climb in the car . she watch they pull away and wave , a pit in she stomach . the last time she will see they again ... int . emily 's house - live room - night ( flashback ) 119 tear roll down Stephanie 's cheek to remember . stephanie it 's all my fault . they be both dead because of I ... emily sometimes people do terrible thing . for they own crazy reason . that 's on they . stephanie I miss he ... emily which one ? stephanie both of they . I be so lonely ... I think loneliness probably kill more people than cancer . Emily stroke she hair . they hold each other 's gaze . face close . both a bit drunk . Emily lean in and plant a kiss on Stephanie 's mouth . Stephanie melt into it . parting she lip . tongues intertwined . Stephanie want this . Emily pull bac Stephanie be mortify by she gape desire , so obvious now . Emily be totally casual . it be just a moment for she . emily , wanna order a pizza ? stephanie oh my god . I be so embarrassed . emily oh , Jesus , do not be . not like I have not kiss a girl before . Stephanie rise , disorient and hunt for she shoe . 120 121 122 123 76 . stephanie I have to go . emily take a taxi . you be too drunk to drive , lightweight . int . emily 's closet - back to present 120 Stephanie pick up the painting , then notice the top of some write hide by the frame e pop off the frame , revealing the signature of the artist hide under the matting : diana hyland . Stephanie get a determine look . int . stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - g.w. bridge - day 121 Stephanie drive to the city . the painting ride shotgun . ext . tribeca build - day 122 the painting in hand , Stephanie ring the buzzer . female voice ( 0.s. ) who be it ? Stephanie holds_up the painting in front of a , security camera . she 's all business now , a new Stephanie . stephanie diana hyland ? do you paint this ? the door just buzze - and Stephanie push she way in , try to protect the painting from the weight door . int . art studio loft - day 123 diana ( 5as ) be a punky , severe artist with plaster in she hair and a sex pistol t-shirt . she study the old portrait as Stephanie 's eye look around nervously . reveal there be painting of knife everywhere . also , real knive of all shape and size fill the studio . there 's bad energy in here . diana where on earth do you find it ? stephanie I should start by give you some unfortunate news . Emily be dead . diana my condolence . who the fuck be Emily ? stephanie the girl . in the painting . diana absorb this a beat . then ... diana good. ( off Stephanie 's 's look ) her name be not Emily . it be Claudia . Little cunt ruin my life . 77 . stephanie ( throw ; regroup ) wow , I ... what happen ? diana gaze at the painting , nostalgic . she pick up a dangerous look knife . ay with it absentmindedly as she talk . Stephanie look nervous , she eye on the knife . diana she be just this beautiful sphinx , a uzzle I could never figure out . and that just make she more fuck compelling . stephanie yeah , I keep hearing that . diana she lure I in at a gallery show . I would start to sell some painting . first time in my career there be a buzz . and there she be ... like a muse . shit , I fall so hard . I have to have she . as diana talk , intercut flashbacks of diana painting a semi - nude emily in her studio . diana look completely obsessed with Emily as Emily flirt back with she demurely . diana ( cont 'd ) suddenly , all I could paint be she . every part of she . she just burrow down into I , under my skin . see a montage of diana 's painting of emily 's body part : eroticize feet , hand , the arch of a lower back . as diana paint , Emily smile coyly and turn she face away . diana ( cont 'd ) except she never want I to show she face . refused . my new painting start get bad review . Critic be write I off as_ some shitty erotic artist . they say I have lose my soul . a increasingly agitate diana walk toward Stephanie , gesticulate with the knife at Stephanie as she speak . Stephanie try to play cool but back up slowly . diana ( cont 'd ) she steal it from I . she fuck steal my soul because she would not let I show hers . but I do not care . I give she everything just to keep she happy , just to keep she here . but I could never reach she . she be like ... stephanie a ghost ? diana right . a fuck expensive one . I pay she debt . I pay for she college . stephanie do you cover any dental work ? 78 . diana stop . seem to come back to reality . diana that 's a weird fuck question . no , she have perfect tooth . every part of she be perfect . every fuck inch . stephanie any heroin use you ever see ? diana smack ? ha. no way . too vain . she be just a pretty little grifter . and she have plan . the day after she graduate , she cusappear wee ( point to the painting ) ong with that painting , the only one I ever do of she face . tf be convinced it be the one that be go to put I back_on the map but then it be go and I could not recreate it . not without she . I bottome out . I want to kill she , to track she down and actually kill she . but the guilt of feel that , well ... I almost_off myself . funny - that painting would be worth a lot more if I have . maybe that be she plan . she be always look for a big score . all she want be to be rich . stephanie take this in , she mind racing . diana stare at the knife sadly . diana ( cont 'd ) now all I do be paint fuck knife . I do not even know why - nobody want this shit except for biker bar and Satanists . goddamn Claudia . she destroy I . but I guess it 's my fault for always fall for the fuck up one . I never learn . diana look at Stephanie and walk toward she , point the knife at she . she get a obsessive look in she eye . diana ( cont 'd I could paint you . you look sweet . fresh. normal . not fuck up . like you be some little saint . stephanie ( stand she ground ) yeah , I get that a lot . I really hate when people say that . diana embrace it . people love saint . stephanie only after they be dead . diana stop right in front of Stephanie , inch away , the knife between they , the blade close to Stephanie 's face Stephanie stare she down . diana smirk . diana how do Claudia die ? 124 125 126 79 . stephanie she drow in a lake at some summer camp in Michigan . High on heroin . diana bullshit . you do not believe that , do you ? stephanie not for a second . I be sure she 's alive . diana study Stephanie , then smile and head to a chest at the edge of the room , open it to reveal S&M equipment . diana she leave this behind . I save it . she say she have it since she be a kid . she pull out a fade old t-shirt : '' squaw lake bible camp . michigan , USA . '' she toss it to Stephanie . diana ( cont'd she 's a survivor . but if she want to vanish , poof . she hit reset . only way you will ever find she : follow the money . off Stephanie 's look ... ext . tribeca build - day 124 as Stephanie exit , she leave a message for Sean . stephanie ( on her phone ) Sean , Stephanie . I think about what you say and you be right . this be stage of grief . this whole experience have be stressful for both of we . I need to hit the reset button , as Emily would say . I need a day or two to be by myself . I be go to have sona pick up the boy and et they sleep at she place tonig t so they can play with hector and Ashley . you should take some time too . there 's mango and quinoa stew in the freezer . five minute in the micro . do not forget to stir . lot of love . int . stephanie 's volvo ( moving ) - highway - dusk 125 Stephanie drive , on a mission . the radio play a hip - hop station . rihanna 's '' bitch better have my money . '' stephanie '' bitch better have my money ! / y'all should know I well enough / bitch better have my money ! please do not call I on my bluff / pay I what you owe I / turn up to rihanna while the whole club fuckin ' waste ... '' so much for the oopsy jar . ext . michigan motel - lot - dusk 126 Stephanie pull into a Michigan roadside motel , seedy and almost empty . she get out and head to the MAIN office . 127 128 129 80 . int . michigan motel - stephanie 's room - night 127 Stephanie sit on the bed in a dingy room , make a call from the land line . a commercial for little debbie chocolate cupcake play on the tv . Stephanie stare at it , then ... stephanie oh , hi there , my name be - deborah . Little deborah . panick , she glance quick at a cheesy painting of roll hill . lying like this be new to she and she 's lousy at it . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I mean , Hills . deborah Hills . my friend call I Little . off-topic , sorry . so ... I be look for a summer camp for my son who be refuse he Bible study like lima bean . I hate to be pushy but I travel a lot and I will not be back in town . for a while . could I tour you facility tomorrow morning ? ext . squaw lake bible camp - establishing - day 128 Stephanie 's car drive through the front gate of a rundown campground . a sign read '' squaw lake bible camp '' with a big crucifix on it . the place be the definition of creepy . ext . squaw lake bible camp - day 129 the owner of the cam maryanne and bobby chelkowsky , both 40s , upbeat and out of " shape in they squaw Lake Bible Camp attire , stroll alongside Stephanie through the campground toward the lake where Emily 's body be find . maryanne we have be save young soul go on fifty year now . not Bobby and I personally , the camp . but we have still een here a while and we would be happy to help you son see the light too . stephanie well , it just seem perfect . ( look at the lake ) my son be practically a por , poise . he 's go to love swim in this pond . maryanne that 's abel Lake . it 's where we have we canoe competition and we baptism . the kid all joke that it 's holy water . bobby ( he favorite joke ) any fish you pull out of there be guarantee to feed a multitude . stephanie ha ha , that 's a good one . so funny . ( then ) be it safe , though ? do not I read somewhere that someone just drow in it ? 130 81 . Bobby and maryanne exchange a worried look . try to recover . maryanne oh , that have nothing to do with the camp . we be close at the time . just some oor soul who wander in here and find er salvation in the lake . but do not worry . we watch we kid like a hawk . bobby yeah , we be so on top of they , they can barely have any fun . maryanne give he a '' shut up , you idiot '' look . stephanie well , that 's great news . hey , do you have any old photo album or yearbook I can look at ? I think there 's no better review of a camp than the face of the camper . bobby oh , heck yeah . got_a ton of they down in the basement . you ' 1l see nothing but smile in all of ‘em . I guarantee it . int . MAIN office - basement - day 130 a overhead bare bulb illuminate the musty basement . cobweb and dust coat everythin Stephanie sift through a box of old book . she pulis out a stack of '' squaw lake bible camp yearbook , '' scan to summer 2000 . Stephanie flip through book after book . not quite sure what she 's look for , study the young face . finally a single image grab she : two identical twin girl ( age 9 ) , they arm around each other . they be lean , fair , blue -ey . there 's a vague resemblance to Emily . could it " be ? suddenly the name grab Stephanie : hope and faith mclennan . stephanie hope and ... faith ? Stephanie pull out the unflattering fax picture : '' gotta have faith . '' stephanie take out her phone and snap a picture of the twins . she start rifling through the page , see and snapping phone pic of a series of award page : the mclennan sister win nearly every ribbon : fastest canoeing duo , best swimmer , hot dog eating champion , three - legged race winners ... the list be a endless procession of grim summer accolade . Stephanie snap a pic . must be Emily . bobby ( 0.s. ) take a picture , it ’1ll last longer . oh , you already be . she startles and look up the creepy staircase at Bobby . he smile at he joke but suddenly seem more menace as he block the only way out of the basement . he walk down . 131 82. bobby ( cont 'd ) you must be mother " of the gosh - darn - year . most parent drop they kid off here ... they barely slow down the car . stephanie well , my son get homesick . I like to prepare he . I hope you do not mind I take some snap . I think I have show he a bunch of this fun photo . ( show the yearbook ) Boy , this mclennan sister sure get on a win streak . they must have be popular . Bobby look ashen - as if he 's see a ghost . his eye narrow . bobby nowadays we put a emphasis on play fair . stephanie be you suggest they cheat in the hot dog eat competition ? bobby I do not recall . stephanie the contest ? or the twin ? he stare at she coldly now , fun no more . a tense smile . bobby I truly hope you boy will join we here . we have gotta get back to work now . thank you for you visit . Bobby gesture for Stephanie to leave . Stephanie force a grateful smile and turn to put back the yearbook . as she 's close the book , she see _a banner at the top of a page : '' squaw Lake biblé Camp would like to thank the mclennan family for they generous donation . '' she clock this . int . michigan motel - stephanie 's room - day 131 Stephanie sit in front of Google and a long list of crossed - out name , beginning at Adam mclennan and span down to '' mclennan Foundation . '' she dial another number . someone answer but drop the phone . stephanie be this the mclennan Foundation ? there 's a fumble pause , and then : mrs . mclennan ( 0.s. ) who be this ? Stephanie glance at the application from the camp . stephanie hi there ! my name be maryanne chelkowsky , I be the director of squaw Lake Bible camp - 132 133 83. mrs . mclennan ( 0.s. ) what do you want ? stephanie well , we be plan the fiftieth anniversary reunion edition of we Camp gazette ... and I be try to track down some of we star alumnus ! do you happen to be of any relation to hope and fait mclennan ? a second phone pick up and another voice come on , bruce ( 60 ) , the caretaker : bruce ( 0.s. ) hello ? mrs . mclennan ( 0.s. ) Bruce ? it 's that camp . the girl must have do something again . God have mercy on I if that girl need to come home early again . bruce ( 0.s. ) the girl be long go , Mrs. M. you just go on back to you chair . mrs . mclennan ( 0.s. ) it 's filthy in there , Bruce . I have ask you a thousand time -- bruce ( 0.s. ) ( short ) I will be right in , Mrs. M. there 's the sound of the phone drop again . Stephanie hear Bruce breathe into the phone . she venture ahead ... stephanie yes , Bruce , I be just speak to Mrs. mclennan about we 50th reunion -- click . the line go dead . Stephanie know she hit paydirt . ext . mclennan manor - day 132 Stephanie have pull onto the shoulder of the road , stake out a sprawling mansion , a near-ruin of dingy column and colonnade . vine have grow over a monogramm gate . the lineage of some great industrialist family have end with a whimper here . as she move along a gate , she see - the west wing of the mansion have be completely burned down . it 's char rubble have be jpartition off with plywood and tarp , blow like ghost sail in the wind . Stephanie stop at the mailbox where she pull out the day 's mai she race back to she car as the rain turn to hail . int . stephanie's volvo - moment later 133 she sort through the mail : bill for bruce hargrave . a massive catalog for Margaret mclennan : '' old money style : vanderbilt on a van-de -kampm budget . '' 84 . Stephanie perk up as she see bruce ( 60 ) , walk out of the house in coverall with a hunt shotgun over he shoulder . he 's a old caretaker with a ghoulish quality . he hop into he old truck and take off down the driveway . stephanie take you time , Bruce . here 's Stephanie 's chance . deftly , she tie a handkerchief over she head like a 5as housekeeper , grab freshly purchase clean equipment ( mop , bucket , feather duster ) out of a target bag , and rush out into " the storm . 134 ext . mclennan mansion - moment later 134 Stephanie ring the bell . we can tell she 's be at the door for a while . she ring the doorbell again , which echoe in a vast chasm inside . she bang a last time . then , like the lid of a coffin , the door creep open anda frail hand appear in the crease . a old woman 's eye peer out at Stephanie in the slant rain . stephanie Mrs. mclennan ? hello ! I be gloria . I be from the clean service . Mrs. mclennan stare back with bewilder eye . mrs . mclennan who ? stephanie oh , goodness . do Bruce not tell you ? he Said I be suppose _to clean the entire house until you could eat a four- course meal off the floor . do I get the date wrong ? the old woman make a hard , irritable face . she close the door . dammit . but then it open again , unlatch and pull wide for she . mrs . mclennan start in the downstairs bathroom . 135 int . mclennan manor - bathroom - day 135 her plan have backfire as Stephanie , in rubber glove , clean a extremely dirty toilet . exasperate , she look up at a giant jesus portrait over the toilet . she eye he , guilty . stephanie ( to the portrait ) well , it 's not_ly if I be really clean the place . 136 int . mclennan manor - corridor - afternoon 136 as Stephanie wander with she bucket , lightning flash in the gauzy curtain . she look at old 's picture of scowling industrialists on the wall . she finally stop at one picture - - hope and faith . they stare ahead with hard face , arm - in - arm , as if unify against the photographer . 85 . mrs . mclennan ( 0.s. ) Bruce ! the fire 's die . Bruce ! Stephanie take off she head wrap and hustle ahead . 137 int . mclennan manor - sitting room - moment later 137 as Stephanie feed wood onto the fire , Mrs. mclennan be now seat on she red velvet chair , thumbing through a '' old money style catalog . '' Stephanie see a massive formal portrait of a young Mrs. mclennan in a evening gown above the grand piano . stephanie I could not help but notice that lovely picture of you daughter . mrs . mclennan what have they do now ? stephanie nothing , no . I be just comment on how beautiful they be . you must be a very proud mother . Mrs. mcleannan clear she throat and lean forward . she seem to have lose track of who Stephanie be without the head wrap . mrs . mclennan I do not know what sort of donation you be look for , but the well have go dry . stephanie oh , I be not look for any money . mrs . mclennan well , you must be the only one . my husband lose a fortune in the recall of 798 . I warn he , you know . it be a defect with the airbag . do you know anything about airbag , miss ? stephanie I be afraid not . mrs . mclennan . what good be you then ? where be Bruce ? stephanie Bruce have go out for a while . so you daughter faith ...? she have some trouble , I take it . mrs . mclennan she restore my faith , all right . in the devil . stephanie that 's a very strong statement come from a mother . mrs . mclennan be you a mother ? 86 . stephanie I be . I love every minute of it . mrs . mclennan well , you must have brain damage . it 's a thankless business . and some child be bear rotten . they do not need a parent , they need a exorcist . my husband understand that . the old woman rise ... and head to a huge bookshelf . she pull out a dictionary to reveal a hidden bottle . mrs . mclennan ( cont ’d do not tell Bruce about this . it 's unseemly the way that man police I . would you like some sherry ? stephanie no , thank you . sweet of you to offer . mrs . mclennan ( open bottle ; smell it ) oh , that 's not the sherry . it 's the gin . the sherry must be behind another book . she look up at the massive bookcase , hundred of tome . it have take she a month to look behind all of they . then she shrug and return to the chair with she straight gin . stephanie so what ever happen to faith ? mrs . mclennan the family shame . we pay so much money for that girl and she rehabilitation . be there any service where one pay so dearly to get so little ? stephanie she be use drug ? mrs . mclennan drink ) oh please do pay attention . hope try to take care of she , to get she off that stuff , I know - but of course hope be a bear liar . with terrible posture . a idea come over Stephanie . she unfold the fax from she rocket , with '' gotta have faith '' write across the bottom . he military coat , the sink cheek . stephanie Mrs. mclennan . do you recognize anyone in this picture ? Stephanie thrust the picture in front of the old woman 's eye . suddenly , some recognition seem to come into she oblivious feature . she look back at Stephanie with a new expression of fear . mrs . mclennan faith . what do she want now ? who be you ? do she send you ? 87 . stephanie mrs . mclennan ( cont 'd ) no , mar ‘am . I be not even sure -- be you the police ? stephanie no , no , I be just ask - mrs . mclennan I have tell you all a thousand time , my memory be not very good anymore . it will not stand up in court . the night of the fire , my husband and I be estrange . we be in separate wing of the house . I be in the east wing . stephanie a fire burn down the west wing ? mrs . mclennan Lord , you be so dense . May , 2001 . I be exceptional with date . unless it 's today 's . be it Wednesday ? be you a insurance agent ? Stephanie swallow with guilt . it hurt to lie to this old woman in she state , but — stephanie yes . mrs . mclennan ( soften again ) oh good . Bruce and I have be wait for the insurance money . my husband 's stamp collection alone be worth a fortune . but you have get that ridiculous clause about arson . vulture . she toast she bottle of gin . mrs . mclennan ( cont ’d ) here 's to be '' house poor . '' the phrase strike Stephanie as familiar - but just then , with a loud squeak , the front door swing open down the hall . Stephanie stiffen at the sound - and Mrs. mclennan panic , too , hand she the bottle of gin . mrs . mclennan ( cont ’d ) it 's Bruce . hide this . with booming heavy footstep , Bruce come down the hall . Stephanie pull aside book to hide the bottle , but find a different bottle behind each . finally she drop it into she bucket beside the toilet brush . she can think of nothing else but to grab the huge '' old money style '' catalog from the end table beside Mrs. mclennan as bruce appear in the doorway , holding he shotgun in one have and a dead goose by the neck in the other . Stephanie try not to freak . she wave the magazine in the air as she squeeze past a glaring Bruce in the doorway . 88 . stephanie thank you very much for you time , Mrs. mclennan . we will process you order for the faux chanel suit in ivory and the taupe scarf ... we will put a rush on it . she bolt to the front door , hurriedly unlatch lock until - 138 ext . mclennan manor - afternoon 138 - she 's outside , dash back to she car . 139 int . stephanie 's volvo - afternoon 139 hand shaking , Stephanie start the car and drive quickly down the driveway , look back in she rearview mirror for Bruce . she look forward and gasp , slamm on the brake . bruce stand in front of her car , shotgun on hip , the driveway gate close behind he . look like a ax murderer , bruce stand in she headlight . he slowly start to walk forward . Stephanie be hyperventilate as he come to she window . her eye be wide . should she try to ram the gate ? it 's too heavy . Bruce tap on the window with the barrel of he shotgun . sweating , she roll it down , she face pale . bruce where do you think you be go ? ( a beat ) I want to order the navy blazer . extra large . exhale . she nod yes as he go and open the driveway gate . 140 int . local library - day 140 Stephanie approach the librarian desk . stephanie hi . I be look for all arson-relate news item from Wayne County in 2001 . at a microfiche carrel Stephanie scan a article in a local newspaper date May 3 , 200 the headline read : '' Teen twin vanish after deadly House Fire '' stephanie Holy smoke . Stephanie scroll the article , collect phrase like '' trap in the house '' ... '' suspicion of arson '' ... '' possible abduction '' ... 141 on video vlog - int . michigan motel - day 141 Stephanie address the camera from she motel room . 89 . stephanie hi , mom . Stephanie here . I be come to you today from Michigan for a special on - the-road edition . as you all know , I have be struggle to find closure around the tragic death of my best friend . so I drive to the lake where she drown , just see if I could dredge up a little something . 142 int . warfield inn - emily 's motel room - day 142 Emily watch the video vlog of Stephanie , slack - jaw . emily you crazy bitch . stephanie ( on computer ) at first , I just could not figure why anyone would drive to Michigan just to shoot heroin and jump in a lake . ( a smile ) I could only '' figure that this particular water hole have sentimental value . emily no , no , no , no , no ... stephanie ( on , computer ) turn out , it be the site of many a canoe racé for Camp squaw Lake , a Bible Camp that only a_saint could love . I have to dig throu plenty of camp journal : they have no ining system . but I finally find a picture of Emily . or Claudia . she hold up the squaw lake bible camp gazette picture . emily motherfucker . stephanie ( on computer ) it 's like look at a angel , be not it , mom ? and it give I the closure I need . it make I feel closer to she than I have ever feel . almost like a sister . so , wherever you be , Emily ... I really hope you be listen ... you have gotta have faith . emily mother . fucker . 143 int . emily 's house - day 143 Stephanie unlock the door and enter . stephanie Mom 's home ! mile fly at she and hug she as nicky round the corner . stephanie ( cont 'd ) oh , smooch . I miss you . 90 . mile glance over at the table , suddenly look catch and guilty . there 's a glass of milk without a coaster under it . mile sorry , mom . I forget . stephanie you know what ? forget Mr. coaster . Mr. Glass can stand wherever he want . mile ( look at she oddly ) be you okay , mom ? stephanie ; I have never be better , sweetie . nicky where be you ? why do we have to sleep at hector 's ? he pee the bed . Sean emerge from the kitchen with a whiskey in hand . sean they could have stay with I , you know . the sight of he unnerve she . she quickly regroup . stephanie I think we all need a breather . I know I feel like a million buck . Stephanie head up the stair . stephanie ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) maybe even four million . Sean study she , suspicious now . 144 int . emily 's house - master bedroom / bathroom - night 144 Stephanie emerge from the bathroom in a nightgown carry she clothes . séan watch she from the bed . sean since when do you undress in the bathroom ? Stephanie shrug and shove she clothes in the hamper . sean ( cont 'd ) I do not like the way we leave thing . Sean move up behind she at the mirror as she brushes she hair . his hand slide up she body , cupping she breast . she move away . he try to joke , but he 's frustrated . sean ( cont 'd ) cold hand ? bad breath ? what 's wrong ? stephanie I be just tired . it be a long drive and the stuckey 's be not sit well . 145 146 91 . Stephanie climb into bed and turn on she side , she back to Sean . he eye she , writhe inside . she 's wrapping he around she finger now . sean I be tired of woman lie to I . stephanie I know just what you mean . good night . she reach over and turn off the lamp beside she bed . int . emily 's house - office - day 145 stephanie sit at Sean 's desktop computer and click on the hard drive . everything be neatly organize . stephanie follow the money ... she find the folder label family finance and open it . see insurance emily - 2 and click on the pdf . it open up a standard confirmation letter from ally insurance . she scroll to the bottom for the customer service number . dial . stephanie ( cont 'd ) hi , my name be Beth . I be call on behalf of my boss Sean townsend regard he wife Emily Nelson 's policy . ( gade account nu ct7602258 . do you know the name of the agent who handle that account ? int . emily 's house - kitchen - day 146 Stephanie open a fake e-mail account under the name bhargrave@gmail.com , then draft a e-mail to iprager@alliedinsurance.com . stephanie ( v.o . ) '' dear Mr. prager .-.. my name be Bruce hargrave . I be write to you about a case you be handle for Emily Nelson , recently decease . I have be the caretaker of she family estate for many year . what I have to say will sound crazy , but year ago , m aan loyer die in a house fire . his teen aug ) ter , hope and faith , disappear without a_ trace . I be attach a old photo as well as some article about the fire . I have reason_to believe one of the girl die recently under the name Emily Nelson . before you shell out that money , you should know that she have a twin sister . and while it may sound extreme to think a gizi could kill she twin to stage she own leath , I be sure you run into a myriad of strange situation in you line of work . ( think ) while I want to see justice serve , I prefer to be leave out of this . please consider this a anonymous tip . best wish , Bruce hargrave . 147 92 . Stephanie 's cursor hover over the send button . and ... click . Stephanie let out a long slow exhale . int . dolce vita restaurant - greenwich village - day 147 a trendy italian restaurant . Sean sit alone in a corner booth , annoyed . he huff and dial he cell phone . sean ( on phone hi , this be Sean townsen I be suppose to meet billy Kent for lunch ? ( he face drop ) what do you mean ? you call two day ago to set it up . a shadow fall over Sean . he look up and see -- Emily stand over he in a baseball cap and shade . sean ( on phone ) ( cont ’d ) nevermind . no , do not call he . he hang up . Emily slide into the booth . emily we spend every anniversary here , you dumbshit . how could you not put it together ? you have get '' mommy brain '' now ? sean ( in shock , then ) why , Emily ? why ? she take a breadstick from beside he and crunch on it . emily I have four million reason . sean how could you do this to nicky ? emily I do this for nicky . I hate that job : I never get to see he . and you clearly only have one book in you . we could not exactly live off the faculty buffet the rest of we life . I be go to buy we we freedom and . it would have work perfectly ... ae con just have not shack up with miss Zuce ini fuck Cookie . Sean have to look down into he plate . he 's dizzy . sean whom do I bury ? emily . let 's not split hair over the detail . sean I be grieve you death . emily that 's how you grieve ? ball deep in my '' best friend ? '' that 's some renegade therapy . 93 . sean she 's be good to nicky . at a time when he really need it . Emily seethes at this comment . it disrupt she usual aplomb . emily oh , she 's be good to nicky ? that 's what draw you to she , she extraordinary mother . you be all just little horny boy , be not you ? sean you could have tell I something . anything . emily except pon can not keep a secret . even in the dar you almost ruin everything . I be just gonna lay low until the insurance money come through . sean so why do not you ? instead you have be terrorize you son , make I think he and Stephanie have go mad . why do not you stick to you plan ? Emily 's face wilt , show sincere long . emily I miss nicky . he 's my little man . ( reclaim she iciness ) anyway , the clock be tick . Nancy Drew know too much and if she fuck up that insurance money y then I be take you down with I . do not forget , Sean , this be all you plan . sean my plan ? I - - Sean hear a click . Emily raise she hand enough to show she have a gun , point at he groin under the table . emily do you love she ? he see the madness in she eye . he say the only thing he can to maintain the peace : sean no . it be just sex . emily do you think of I while you be fuck she ? sean yes . emily do you love I or not , Sean ? 148 94 , sean ( in pain ; strain ) of course I love you . Stephanie mean nothing to I . Emily see the waitress head over to they . click ! Emily fire the gun at he groin , cause he to jolt and go rigid . she smile devilishly : the chamber be empty . emily that 's just a appetizer , baby . she rise , coolly slip the gun back in she purse , then bend down and kiss emily ( cont 'd ) meet I in the bathroom in twenty second for the main course . knock twice . she head off . Sean can not believe what just happen . he stare down the long dark hallway to the lady room door , he chest rise in panic . int . emily 's house - live room - day 148 a preoccupy Sean enter the house , look shell - shocked . stephanie ( 0.s. ) here he be now . Sean look up to see Stephanie sit on the couch with isaac prager ( 40s ) , a goughy '' pedantic claim adjuster . he stand and hold dae he hand . prager Mr. townsend . Isaac prager , ally insurance . I be investigate the death benefit claim for you late wife . stephanie Sean , do you know that Emily have a twin sister ? Sean stop , eye wide , put it all together . then ... sean no . but then ... stephanie the woman in the lake be she sister . prager it would explain the DNA match . stephanie so , where 's Emily ? sean ( compose himself ) if my wife be alive , she have come home . she 's " a want to see she son . 95 . prager I be not a cop . and I be definitely no therapist . I be just a insurance guy . but this be definitely a interesting case . stephanie will you need to exhume the body ? Sean shoot she a look , shocked by she macabre question . prager no , mar ’am . ally insurance consider digging up grave to be bad pr . we have a thorough autopsy . but everyone tend to read it in different way . stephanie I see . like the miss front tooth . Sean be boil inside as he look at Stephanie . prager I be not sure I catch that . a miss front tooth ? Stephanie watch Sean like a hawk as he squirm . prager ( cont 'd ) I will say , it 's unusual to live with someone as husband - and - wife and not know they have a twin . stephanie or a miss tooth . sean she be a very private person . prager well , hey , we all have secret . but as I be sure you can understand with a payment of this size , we be go to have to continue this claim investigation . sean of course . prager and , by law , we will have to notify the authority of we finding . sean I just hope she 's alive . I want she back . Stephanie tighten , pain by he word . prager shake he han rise , and they all head to the front door ... prager sean ( cont 'd ) obviously , if you do hear you will be the first to know . from she - Sean close the door behind he . he turn to Stephanie . 149 150 96 . sean ( cont 'd ) cold ) you know she have a twin . stephanie do I ? why do not you ? sean you know and you do not tell I . stephanie Sean , baby '' you sound crazy . maybe you should take a xanax . take two . she head back to the kitchen . he watch she go , reeling . on video vlog - kitchen - day 149 stephanie ( pre - lap hi , mom . Stephanie here . today we be talk about tombstone tributes . I want to thank helen from missoula , Montana , for think out of the box . ext . warfield cemetery - day 150 Blue sky , green grass and headstone as far as the eye can see . Stephanie stand at Emily 's geave site . open a small cooler and take out a silver '' shaker and two freeze glass . stephanie ( v.o . ) it do not have to be flower anymore . a favorite household item can do the trick . and Emily 's favorite treat be a dry gin martini in the early afternoon . she put the martini glass on Emily 's headstone . Stephanie ours each glass to the rim . peel two large twist from a emon , squeeze one over each glass and rub they around each rim , then drop one in each glass . stephanie ( v.o. I be gonna make they exactly like Emily do . frozen gin into freeze glass and a generous twist . her beloved duke . and be go to have a toast on she grave . a figure approach behind Stephanie . it 's Emily in she wig and glass . Stephanie can hear she approach but do not turn . Emily stand alongside she , study the headstone . emily Sean must have pick the font on the headstone . he love helvetica . stephanie Men be so simple . Emily reach for the martini glass . emily Nice big twist . I teach you well . stephanie the student become the master . 97 . Emily wince at the cliche , but clink with Stephanie . emily whatever you need to tell yourself . Emily go to take a drink , then pause . she switch glass - and indicate that Stephanie should drink first . emily ( cont 'd ) I never know what surprise you have up this new empower sleeve of yours , Dark side . let 's hope you have not build up a tolerance to something . stephanie you think I poison both drink ? that 's not t style . own she martini ) I do n " t even eat gluten . Emily throw back she martini , face Stephanie for a duel . emily you want another ? stephanie bring it on . but first tell my why you kill you father and sister . emily oh , be we airing dirty laundry ? like you son 's real father ? stephanie try I . I hold the card , Emily . I want to know about '' faith . '' Emily look at Stephanie , who stare she down defiantly . emily we be triplet . faith , hope , and Charity . but Charity be stillborn . m mother use to say that faith and I offed she in the womb . and dad believe she . stephanie quite a mother . I have a nice afternoon with mag . she like she martinis even stronger than yours . emily you meet my mother ? stephanie we had_a little walk down memory lane . actually it be more of a blind alley . but I get the picture . she be a cold woman , em . I doubt you could ever do anything right in she eye . thrown for a loop , Emily look childlike and expose . stephanie ( cont 'd ) be it faith 's idea to set that fire ? 151 152 153 154 155 156 98. Emily just stare at she , try to hide she surprise . stephanie ( cont'd you have get nothing to hide from I , hope . if you can not tell you best friend , who can you tell ? ext . mclennan manor - night ( flashback ) 151 Dead of night . hope and faith ( 16 ) carefully open the second floor window and climb down on expensive tapestry cinched together . Hand in hand , they run past ... stephanie ore do not you think I understand ? «+. a vigilant bruce sit by the caretaker 's shack . ext . warfield cemetery - resume scene 152 Emily be stare back . stephanie ( v.o rd . you be sixteen year ol it 's that age when you feel trap . ext . lake 's edge - night ( flashback ) 153 a bonfire burn in the middle of a field . teens hang out and drink , dance , make out . faith make out with a cute boy . hope watch they 's kiss with a mix of envy and_concern ... until she see she father 's car roll downhill toward they . stephanie ( v.o. ) and if you mother always have the bite comment ... int . mclennan manor - night 154 hope be lock inside a dark closet as she hear the sound of faith be punish by she father on the other side of the door . faith scream and fight back as hope hold she ear . stephanie ( v.o. ) +. I bet you father be more direct . ext . mclennan manor - night 155 hope and faith each have a gas can in hand as they watch the bedroom wing of the mansion burn from the front lawn . stephanie ( v.o. ) I know that 's when you learn to hit the reset button . burn , baby , burn . ext . warfield cemetery - resume scene 156 this time Emily be seduce by Stephanie . there 's warmth and forgiveness in Stephanie 's voice , which prompt Emily to lean against she own headstone , pour herself a second martini . stephanie when do you and faith part way ? 157 158 159 99 . emily we could not stay together after the fire . int . greyhound bus ( moving ) - day 157 hope and faith ride the bus . hope look out the window , she mind spipn : plan for they . a well -meaning tourist tap they , hold up a camera , want a picture of the pretty twin . faith violently slap the camera out of the woman 's hand , hiss at she to fuck off . emily ( v.o. ) we be a freakshow wherever we go . int . houston tattoo parlor - day 158 Ho ) hope and faith sit across from each other , grip each er 's left hand . hope already have she barb wire tattoo on she wrist . the tattoo artist be in the process of complete faith 's match barb wire tattoo . emily ( v.o. ) we say goodbye with tattoo ... ext . corpus christi STREET - day 159 hope and faith hug tightly under a pier as the ocean wash to they toe . both girl have tear in they eye . they slowly back away from each other . emily ( v.o . ) --. and parte | wa 's in Corpus christi . she be gging to ead to Mexico . I be go to drift north . we have a time and place to meet in six month , when the smoke clear . ext . warfield cemetery - resume scene - day 160 stephanie but you never show up . Emily shake she head . she sip the martini . emily I buy a one - way ticket to New York City and I never look back . ; _ stephanie do you miss she ? emily for a while . but you get use to pain . you use it . besides , faith would only get I in trouble again . she always do . sometimes i_ think my mother be right about she . but then my life in New York fell_into place perfectly . people take I in . I get a job , work my way up , meet the perfect man . that part you know . she shoot Stephanie a deadly look . ; stephanie until you sister show up . 100 . emily damn Facebook . I could kill that Mark Zuckerberg . sure , it 's all baby picture and protest march until I get finger . stephanie you would not meet she in New York : you have too much to lose . so you fabricate a trip to Miami , and go back to meet she at you old camp . emily bunk six . we happy place . ext . squaw lake bible camp - day ( flashback ) 161 Emily head down the dirt path to girl bunk six . she brace herself then open the door to ... stephanie ( v.o . ) it must have be a shock . see she again after all that year . int . squaw lake bible camp - bunk six - day ( flashback ) 162 faith be already inside , wear the army jacket from the fax . she rise to face she sister . identical twin , the contrast between they be shocking . faith be a full - blow junkie . dirty and haggard , dark ring around she eye . her ront tooth be break . emily ( v.o . ) it be like look in the mirror ... and see the life I could have have . the life I fight not to have . faith move toward Emily and hug she . behind she shoulder , Emily gag at the smell of she sister and choke back tear . stephanie ( v.o. ) and do she forgive you ? behind Emily 's shoulder , we push in on faith 's face as she smile dissipate and harden into a deep -seate rage . emily ( v.0o . ) no . ext . warfield cemetery - resume scene - day 163 Emily stand in silence . Stephanie have get she now , like a perfect de motherly prosecutor , slowly reeling she in . stephanie and how do you get you sister out into the lake ? emily fuck you . that be she idea . I do not kill my sister . 164 101 . int . bunk six - late afternoon ( flashback ) 164 Emily watch with dread and fascination as faith drop a syringe . her arm go limp and she eye become gassy . faith 's head tip back as the warm rush climb she body . she smile at Emily , revealing she break front tooth . faith you gotta have faith . and now here I be . faith laugh darkly , she smile harden to malice . emily what be you up to , faith ? faith you abandon I . and now I be go to the cop . to tell they everything we do . and when I go under , you go with I . emily I have a family now . faith awwww , that kid be so cute . so 's the husband . can I be you for a day ? like in High School when we have switch place ? emily what do you want from I ? faith I want a million dollar in cash . emily where the hell would I get that ? faith you be rich and famous . you will figure it out . Emily glower at she . then she appear to make a decision . emily maybe I owe you this much for abandon you . okay . i’11l sell the house . Emily soften , fight tear . this may well be a act , but if so , it 's a damn good one ... faith uch , it 's fuck hot in here . let 's go swim . like old time . faith tug she wool dress over she head , no underwear . Emily watch , disturb . faith ( cont 'd ) you come ? Emily consider it . her mind work quickly . emily I be right behind you . 102 . ext . witch lake - wood - late afternoon 165 Emily make she way through the wood to follow faith , whose bare flesh flash through the tree . ext . witch lake - lake front - late afternoon 166 faith wade into the water then submerges under its icy surface . Emily peel off she dress down to she bra and underwear . she wade into the water with a gasp , she jaw clench against the cold . faith surface and tread water . faith c'mon , wimp ! I think you be the Alpha ! emily ( mutter ) I be the Alpha , goddammit . Emily dive into the water , then swim out_to where faith be . they tread water , face to face in the moonlight . faith 's expression shift . she 's childlike , vulnerable . faith how could you leave I like that ? we be suppose to be a team . you and I . forever . emily I know . I be sorry . we be . Emily take she sister 's shoulder to hug she ... ; emily ( cont 'd ) it 's just ... thing have change . she shove faith under the water . faith struggle and splashes to the surface , but Emily shove she down again . the struggle persist . Emily be athletic and strong . her will to murder be stronger than faith 's will to live . finally the struggle stop . faith go limp and float . Emily hold she sister in she arm . a tender moment . Emily glance at she own hand , the sapphire and diamond engagement ring . she pull the ring off she finger and wrestle it onto faith 's lifeless finger , force it on . ext . warfield cemetery - day 167 a few real tear roll down Emily 's cheek . emily I wake up the next morning and she be not there . I could not find she anywhere . finally I remember how much she love swim in the lake . so I go there . I be too late ... now Stephanie read Emily the same way Emily once read she . 103 . stephanie you be lie . you drown she . you be a sister killer . emily well , you be a brother fucker . stephanie what do Sean know ? emily everything . Stephanie be stung by this . Emily see she chance . emily , ( cont 'd ) he tell I to disappear until the money come through . Said we could finally get out of debt , sell the house , leave the gountry . start over , that I could quit my 's job a pend more time with nicky . stephanie . I do not believe you . Sean grieve for you . emily all a act . stephanie you be a pathological liar . emily do Sean say that ? Emily take out she cell phone , play a audio clip . emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do you love she ? sean ( 0.s. ) no . it be just sex . emily ( 0.s. ) do you think of I while you be fuck she ? sean ( 0.s. ) yes . emily ( 0.s. ) do you love I or not , Sean ? sean ( 0.s. ) of course , I love you . Stephanie mean nothing to I . the clip stop . Stephanie look sick to she stomach . emily sorry , steph . I know you think it be real . but let 's look on the bright side . you web site go viral thanks to I . now you can sell that ad banner . 104 . stephanie all of this be for a little money . emily yeah , a little four million . Sean convinced I we could pull it off . m sister do not exist anymore . DNA would take care of the rest . all I have to do was_ lay low for six month so he could collect the money , sell the house , tie up loose end . stephanie be I a loose end ? emily Sean need some help look after Nick and you be so good with they . dart . '' mommy . the entire tone have change . it 's like a chess match and Emily seem to have regain a advantage . stephanie you be suppose to lay low . why do you come back at all ? Emily glare back at she , offended now . emily look , I may be a work mother ... but that do not make I any less a mom . ( grimace ) every time you yiosge about how much Nick cry or how he hate quinoa , could not take it . it be like a hostage standoff . I have to see he again . to fet he know that I be come back . he 's my heart and soul , Stephanie , my everything . it do not matter how good you brownie be , he 's my son . this have a effect on Stephanie and she blink away tear . stephanie so what happen now ? emily I want my son . period . you fuck up the insurance mo ) and_the authority will not stop loo : ing . I do not even give a shit anymore : take Sean . stephanie I do not want Sean . not after this . a flicker of satisfaction on Emily 's face . they wait quietly . then Emily break the silence . emily then there 's one other option , one mom to another . Emily reach out she glass to toast . Stephanie clink she glass into she friend 's . off stephanie , curious -- 170 171 172 105 . int . emily 's house - master bedroom - night 168 Stephanie lie in bed , back to Sean , snore in a deep sleep . stephanie sleep like a log . she slowly , gingerly slide she leg off the bed , toe find the floor , she body slinking out behind it . int . emily 's house - kitchen - night 169 she log onto the Connecticut College website . she type Sean 's email into user slot : stownsend@conncollege. com , then enter the password . wait . she 's in . ext . emily 's house - night 170 Stephanie plant _a document in the glove compartment of Sean 's car and close it . she 's wear Emily 's leather glove . Stephanie quietly close the door and_ click the lock on the key fob . she tiptoe into the house , close the door . int . connecticut college - english dept . - day 171 Sean arrive at he office to find Beth , spook . two detective be in he office unhook computer cable . beth they have a warrant . I try to call you . shock , Sean enter he office toward the detective . sean I be Sean townsend . I be happy to comply with whatever you need , b it would be nice to have a head up . detective # 1 this be a open investigation . you do not get to pencil we in when it 's convenient . sean I be call a lawyer . detective # 2 I be call that a good idea . ext . emily 's house - day 172 Sean pull up in he car to find he front door block with police tape and three squad car . detective meany be there . sean what the fuck ? meany clock Sean 's arrival and approach as he get out . sean ( cont 'd ) be I under arrest ? detective meany we be still work on it . the d.a. want a slam dunk . 173 106 . sean well , that may be hard , since I do not do anything . detective meany do you know you wife be alive ? sean ( after a beat ) not until recently . detective meany when ? meany scrutinize he carefully . sean she contact I . detective meany and you immediately notify the authority , right ? , sean . I can not discuss this without my attorney . detective meany I would say that 's wise . we 'il talk soon . ( turn back ) oh . if we need you ... will you be with you wife or the best friend ? off sean , in a bad place -- ext . stephanie 's house - day 173 Sean pull up to Stephanie 's house . hear he car , she open the door . he grab he briefcase and approach she . sean I need a stiff drink . maybe more of you dead husband 's scotch . she block the doorway with she body . stephanie I can not let you in . I be sorry . sean why not ? where 's nicky ? stephanie upstair sleep . you have to go . sean what be you talk about ? stephanie this be a ongoing investigation , Sean , I can not let you into this house until this whole big hoo- ha be solve . 174 175 176 107 . sean ( study she ; then ) my god , she get to you , do not she ? she get into you head . stephanie this have nothing to do with Emily . sean it have everything to do with she ! stephanie shhhh , the boy be sleep -- sean she 's gaslight you . you do not understand how powerful she be . stephanie I do not understand anything right now . I just need to be alone and take care of the boy . stay in a hotel tonight . please . do not make I call the police . Sean look at she , stunne . he back away , shake he head . Stephanie watch as Sean get in he car and peel out of she driveway . she heave a long slow sigh of relief . int . stephanie's house - kitchen - day 174 stephanie bake cookie . but there 's no jy in pinching the little dough clump onto the grease pan he be a act of survival . she see she cell phone vibrate on the counter . we hear Sean on voicemail , forcibly calm and sincere . sean ( v.0 . ) Stephanie ? I do not know what 's go on or how this all will turn out . but you be a great mum and you have teach I how to be a better dad . for that I 'il always be grateful . the truth be ... ext . warfield inn - day 175 Emily come out of she room and walk breezily past the various door of a seedy motel . a handyman be install a air conditioning unit into a room 's window , he open toolbox on the ground next to he . sean ( v.o. ) I do not think I ever know my wife ... the handyman go inside the room to adjust something . without break stride , Emily casually grab | a wrench out of the toolbox and keep walk breezily , flipping the wrench . ext . warfield inn - around back - day 176 Emily walk around the back of the motel , casually flipping the wrench in she hand . she stop , take a breath and ip the wrench high in the air . she put she hand behind she back and calmly line herself up under the fall wrench . sean ( v.o . ) or what she 's capable of . 177 178 179 108 . as the wrench speed down toward Emily 's eye ... int . warfield police station - reception - day 177 Emily walk into the warfield Police Station , she eye and cheek bruise and bloody . tear roll down she cheek . she approach the police officer man the desk . emily my name be Emily Nelson . I need to speak to someone . int . warfield police station - interrogation room - day 178 Emily talk to detective meany . she 's convincing , emotional , wiping away tear as she tell she story . meany take note . ext . connecticut college - day 179 student pause to watch as detective meany walk Sean across campus in handcuffs , police officer in tow . ext . connecticut courthouse - day 180 both in suit and sunglass , Sean and he lawyer push past local news reporter on they way into the courthouse . reporter ( pre - lap ) in the Emily Nelson case , which first go viral on a popular Internet vlog ... int . stephanie 's house - day 181 Stephanie 's listen to a local reporter on she tv . reporter ( pre - lap ) the pr executive be believe dead in Michigan . but today , she have resurface . the news program cut to : footage of emily , still bruise and bandage , address a slew of reporter outside the police station . reporter ( 0.s. -} it appear the body find in the lake be that of Nelson 's estrange twin sister . as for Nelson , why do not she come forward when she sister die ? see shot of sean and he lawyer enter the courthouse . reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Nelson 's husband , a abusive fail novelist and English professor , force she to stage she own death to collect a enormous insurance claim to the tune of four million dollar . we speak briefly to Sean 's niece , who 's study in America . Stephanie perk up as beth come on camera . stephanie his niece ? 109 . beth ( on screen ) everyone be in shock . no one believe my uncle could do anything like this . he 's always be the most generous person I know , and I do not believe a word of this . back to the reporter on camera . reporter nevertheless , bail for Sean townsend will be set today . a british national , townsend face deportation if find guilty . although a accomplice to fraud , Ms. Nelson be comply with the authority in exchange for clemency . int . emily 's house - day 182 Sean unlock the front door and walk inside . he look like hell , a break man , tired and unshaven . the light be on , french pop music play on the stereo , someone home . sean Stephanie ? Emily emerge from the kitchen , carry two martinis . emily guess again . Sean take she in , spook . sean where 's nicky ? emily at a friend 's watch a movie . I think we need some mommy and daddy time . she hands_him he martini and lean in to kiss he lip . the kiss chill he to the bone . she 's hurt : he 's no longer entirely under she spell . emily ( cont 'd ) have you forget I that quickly ? sean you be impossible to forget . she force a smile and head for the kitchen . Sean eye the martini , wonder if it 's poison . he pour it into a pot plant and head ... into the kitchen Emily refill she glass and head over to refill he . emily | I do not need to poison you , Sean . if I want to get rid of you , you would already be dead . sean you plant that file on my computer . 184 110 . emily not just I . I have help . from a woman who volunteer for everything . sean Stephanie . emily not as sweet as she cookie , be she ? sean be you ever go to tell I you have a twin sister ? emily | ; she be mine to kill . be not you business . sean I be you husband . emily mmmm. label . yawn . ext . emily 's house - side yard - day 183 Stephanie stand in the dark yard , watch Emily and Sean confer in the kitchen . they exchange be quiet , tense , contain . she can not make it out . her eye well up with angry tear . she have Emily 's lady pistol in she hand . stephanie ( pre - lap ) hi , mom . Stephanie here . I be so grateful for all the love and support you have be send my way . on video vlog - kitchen - day 184 Stephanie address the camera , fall apart . stephanie and as shocked as you be by the latest turn of event , no one be more stunne than I . Emily have she secret and so do she husband . clearly , I be the naive romantic who get catch in the middle . I hope you 's 11 forgive I in advance for what I be about to do ... ext . emily 's house - side yard - day 185 mustering she anger and courage , Stephanie stalk ... into the kitchen Sean and Emily be both shocked to see she . emily Stephanie ? sean you should not be here right now . stephanie I use to live here , remember ? 111 . sean please . do not make this harder . when Sean move in toward she , Stephanie raise she gun . stephanie hold on . not another step . sean Stephanie , please . you will not even let the boy play with squirt gun . stephanie ( cock the gun ) well , there 's a time and a place for everything . emily whoa , Stephanie ... take it down a notch . stephanie you use I , Sean . and for what ? free babysit ? Home - cook meal ? I have to wash that bicycle short . emily oh , I hate that . sean I swear , I have no idea she be alive -- stephanie no more lie ! emily I agree . let 's just sit down and talk this out . sean you sit , em. you hate Stephanie . you call she Captain Mom . you use to watch she vlog and tear she apart . stephanie ( hurt , to Emily ) all_ I ever want be to be you friend , Emily . Emily stare back with sincere eye . emily you be . I do not expect it ... but I love you . then you fuck my husband and all of '' my best plan . sean do not blame she - emily we could have be rich , Sean . sean maybe if you would have the good _ sense to call - I could have help you little plot ! 112 . emily oh , you have not come up with a decent plot in ten year . stephanie I be go to say something . objectively . nicky deserve better than both of you . sean Stephanie , put the gun down . you do not want to do this . Stephanie finger the trigger as tear roll down she cheek . _ emily Stephanie . stephanie I love you , Sean . and I love you , Emily . this be the only way . sean but , Stephanie , I love y--- bang ! Stephanie shoot Sean in the chest , blow a bloody hole in he shirt . Sean clutches he chest and stagger backwards , knee buckle . stephanie oh God ! oh no ! Stephanie wail and rush to Sean , drape over he . stephanie ( cont 'd ) do not die ! Sean . please , do not die . I do not mean to do that . I be so sorry - sean ( sputtering ) no , I be sorry . stephanie no , God , please . I get so catch up . but I love you , Sean . do not die . Emily sip she martini , suddenly completely calm . emily ; oh yes , God , Sean . please do not die . ( a long beat ) okay , cut the waterwork . Stephanie look up at she , confuse . Emily draw a gun . emily ( cont 'd ) get up . Stephanie slowly rise to she foot . emily ( cont 'd ) you too , dicaprio . Sean lie limp , eye close . Dead . Emily kick he in the gut . Sean clenches and groan . 113. emily ( cont 'd ) get up ! show 's over . Sean get up and stand with Stephanie . they both know they be screw . Emily grin . emily ( cont ’d ) that be almost brilliant , Stephanie . almost . so , the cop plant a mic somewhere in here . you shoot he with a blank . Fake blood . Nice cinematic touch . I confess everything . you really almost have I . I know there be so much more to you , Stephanie . you have get real panache . spatter with fake blood all over she blouse , Stephanie look genuinely touch . another misplace moment of bond . stephanie thank you . you know that really mean a lot to I . Emily nod back . stephanie ( cont 'd ) but you already do confess , em . and the police be on they way . emily no , no , no , do not try that . you have I just a little buzze from this ... but you be still a standard martini , Stephanie . you be not the standard - bearer from duke . Stephanie stare back , confuse . suddenly , Emily do a perfect imitation of Stephanie 's ss voice . emily ( cont 'd ) ( as Stephanie ) '' hl cop , Stephanie here ! Change of plan . I be meeting Emily and Sean at Darren 's house now . hurry ! '' stephanie you send the cop to Darren 's house ? 186 int . darren 's house - at that same moment 186 Darren , sona and stacy be have a '' mom night '' at Darren 's house . they be play pictionary and smoking pot as Stephanie 's old vlog play in the background . sona be take a long drag as she draw something indecipherable . darren it 's a virus ... it 's a ... it 's string Theory . be it string theory ? blam !!! the front door be splinter by a batter ram as a swat team storm in , gun draw . the mom scream . swat leader hand up , weapon down ! now !!! 114. darren ( hand up , wail ) I have a prescription ! it 's for my sleep apnea ! int . emily 's house - kitchen - back to scene 187 Emily hold up a gun in one hand and , in the other -- the bug the cop plant . the small mic cord 's have be severe . emily I have live on the run for over a decade : you do not think I know how to manipulate the authority ? sean so you be go to kill we ? emily a murder- suicide seem like the only fitting end for you two . and I believe we insurance will still pay for that . one door close , another door open . sean you have always be fuck crazy . bang ! Emily shoot Sean in the shoulder . he fall to he nees . sean ( cont 'd ) agh !! you really shot I ! emily I be crazy . you say so yourself . Emily aim the gun at Stephanie , who stare she down . stephanie | you will not kill I , Emily . emily ( cock the gan ) the hell I will not . 1 have to add this to my list . a father , a sister ... and now my dear best friend . Stephanie can not help but get sentimental , even in danger . stephanie be I really you best friend ? you be not just say that ? emily I be not just say that . stephanie because I feel that way , too - but I worried it be just I . I mean , it 's so hard to connect with other mom ... emily tell I about it . imagine when you have a full - time job ? 115 . stephanie oh , do not pull that crap ! what I do be work too , Emily . it 's a full time job ! Emily chamber a bullet and step ahead . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I may not get pay for it , but believe I , be a mother be hard work . and then I have my vlog on top of that . in fact , maybe you have like to be on my vlog some time ? have you ever think about that ? ( off Emily 's confuse look ) like ... right now ? killing we might just get I to a million subscriber . Stephanie point to the hidden lipstick camera camouflage in a flower arrangement by the stove . stephanie ( cont 'd ) we be live stream . and you just confess . Wave hello to the mom ! Emily lock eye with Stephanie as it dawns on she - Stephanie have outsmart she . Stephanie manage a light smile . Emily simply shake she head . emily oh , goddammit ... siren rise up in the background . then Emily bolt from the kitchen , gun in hand . int . emily 's house - live room - continuous 188 Emily bolt through the live room , then out the front door . ext . emily 's house - continuous 189 Emily sprint across the lawn toward she car across the street . siren approach . stephanie stop ! Emily ! Emily stop and turn . Stephanie run onto the front lawn . stephanie ( cont 'd ) it 's over , Emily . you can not outrun this . think of nicky . do not do it to he . you be still lis mom . emily he may be better off without any mom . Emily aim the gun at Stephanie , who gasp . Emily start to pull the trigger when ... blam !!! she flip in the AIR , hit full on by a speed prius . her gun go fly . Darren get out of the car heroically . darren Toyota prius . Silent but deadly . 116 . Darren walk over to Emily , who be prone on the ground . darren ( cont 'd ) saw you on the vlog . you fuck with one of the mom , you fuck with all of we . Emily kick he in the groin . as he double over , she try to_get up but can not . she crawl on the as halt as two police car close in from the other direction , erry and blue light flash , reflect in she eye . emi ly accept defeat . caption : six month later on video vlog - kitchen - day 190 Stephanie address the camera from Emily 's kitchen . stephanie hi , mom . Stephanie here . well , it 's a big day because this morning we sign up we one millionth subscriber , Mrs. Carol findley of Ames , Iowa ! thanks for join we , Carol . as we newest friend , you should know that in addition to my usual helpful tip and recipe , I be now also take on any unsolve mystery . turn out I have a nose not only for sniff out the freshest basil but also criminal who think they get away with it . so , if you have a cold case or a mystery to unravel , drop I a line . but for now ... let 's focus on my favorite cold soup : gazpacho ! ext . prison yard - york correctional facility - day 191 boss 's '' I don't give a fuck '' blast on_a boombox . we nre in the yard of a woman 's prison in niantic , ct . various clique of woman engage in different activity and conversation . on the basketball court , there 's a seriously competitive and cut - throat pick - up game go down . right in the mix be -- emily . Racing up and down the court like a pro . stealing the ball . sweaty , athletic , take no prisoner . she look fabulous in she orange jumpsuit with a more natural beauty . no make - up . hair in a messy ponytail , more herself than ever before . e swishes the ball in the hoop and high fives she teammate with a grin . a guard come out . guard hey , runway . you get a visitor . Emily peel off from the game . her teammate groan . int . visitors room - york correctional facility - day 192 Emily walk in to see Stephanie and nicky at a table . nicky race toward she . she scoops he up in she arm and hug he so tightly he groan . nicky can not ... breathe ... Emily laugh and let he go . 117 . emily you be grow so fast . nicky pull he lower lip down to show off he miss tooth . emily ( cont 'd ) and you lose another one ! nicky the tooth fairy get I a gumball machine . emily well , that be nice of she . nicky ( with a hard look ) I know it 's dad . emily you be get too smart for I . she join Stephanie at the table , nicky on she lap . Stephanie push a plate of cookie wrap in saran across to she . ; stephanie with agave instead of sugar . emily good . they go a long way in here . nicky now can I have one ?! stephanie of course , nicky . nicky grab a cookie , shove the whole thing in he mouth . nicky ( mouth full ) I be thirsty . can I get a Coke ? stephanie I would rather you have milk inst -- ( then , with a smile ) ask you mom . Emily laugh and hand he a buck from a wad of cash tuck inside she bra . he dart off to the vend machine . stephanie ( cont 'd ) okay . whattaya get for I ? Emily glance over she shoulder to make sure the guard be not listen . emily inez montoya . she use to be the guy 's housekeeper before she get nab for wire fraud . she say he hide cash , lot of it , in a toolbox in the garage . 194 118 . stephanie that 's where they be put it . of course ! I know he be guilty . thank you . emily you keep bring the supplies , I 'il keep doling out the info . 's they share a smile . Emily take a bite of a cookie . frown . emily ( cont 'd ) do I a favor , Dark side . next time , use real sugar . stephanie copy that , runway . as the two woman share a smile of mutual respect , begin end credit ... ext . warfield elementary school - day 193 under the end credit , the bell ring and all the kid pour out of the school with they parent . Stephanie walk out with she boy -- mile and nicky -- who have bond like brother . Darren race up to Stephanie . Stephanie begin to sign she name onto every slot of a sign - up sheet when - darren Stephanie ! we need you help ! there 's be a terrible crime . stephanie what ? Darren grab she hand and haul she off . she resist . darren come with I , I have to show you . there 's a dead body in the schoolyard ! ( to mile and nicky ) boy 's I be borrow you Mom ! Stephanie 's jaw drop as she follow Darren ... ext . warfield school - schoolyard - day 194 a man' body be splay face down on the ground . a kid ( 5 ) be draw a chalk outline around it . confused , Stephanie turn over the body and discover -- sean . grinning ear to ear . stephanie Sean . that 's a pretty dark joke . Sean nod to another kid who stand next to a boom box . the kid hit the button . music kick in and a flash mob begin . everyone we have meet be there : sona , Stacey , Darren , the teacher Mrs. Kerry , even detective meany -- be there to participate in the choreograph performance , along with all the elementary school kide -- mile and nicky at the forefront . 119 . two cool kide , 9 and 11 , watch the flash mob with disdain . cool kid # 1 uch . this be so 2010 . cool kid # 2 totally embarrassing . Stephanie stand at the center , beam , she eye fill with tear as she take in all this effort for she . at the end of the song , Sean kneel on one knee and pop open a velvet jewelry box . inside be the vintage diamond and sapphire ring that belonged to he mother . sean Stephanie smother . Internet sensation and p.i. Mom . please say you will marry I . or_i all have a_ lot of explain to do to all this people . stephanie well ... I x11 have to ask the mom first . ( off he look ) yes . of course I will marry you . Stephanie throw herself into he arm . the crowd explode . it 's a happy end ! why the hell not ? they have all be through a lot . fade out .