how to lose friend and alienate people written by Peter straughan 09/05/07 shoot script fade in : 1 tv screen - black and white movie 1 ... british , fifty , a melodrama . we be look at a actress - glamorous , young - but very much in the back ground of the scene - a secretary type at she desk . reverse a young boy sit watch the film , he clothes and the room around he tell we this be England in the 1960s . he be stare raptly at the actress . sidney ( v.o . ) all my life I have be a looky - loo. dissolve to : 2 int . golden globe award - evening 2 slow-motion we be close on a extremely handsome young man stare past we with a dazzle smile . sidney ( v.o . ) my name 's sidney Young . I be a journalist ... a hack . ( beat ) yeah , that ... that be not I . we pan right and down to we hero - sidney young - thirty , a odd - ball with a knack for get people to dislike he . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this be I at the Golden Globe Award in L.A. this year . that 's my armani tuxedo . that 's a rolex Sea - dweller 4000 watch I be wear . still in slow-motion we track back and see that sidney be at a table with several other people , all stare raptly past we to the stage which be out of shot . sidney ( cont 'd ) that people all around I - they be all famous . they be my friend . beside he sit a beautiful young woman - sophie mae ( 20' ) . 2 . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's the actress Sophie mae . this morning she tell I she would let I have sex with she if she win the best actress Award . still in slow motion , Sophie suddenly cover she face with she hand and begin to stand . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she just win the best actress Award . Sophie walk out of the shot . still sport the fix smile , sidney clap in slo -mo along with everyone else in the room . we track away from sidney past table of celebrity towards a exit . sidney ( cont 'd ) my life do not use to be like this . we push through the exit door and find ourselves impossibly look at ... 3 ext . london - leicester square - late afternoon 3 4 slow motion tracking shot 4 ...a crowd of fan hold back from we by a red rope , craning they neck to see we more clearly , wave , cheer , shouting , camera flash ... rain lash down . a caption read : " sidney 's life , one Year ago . bafta Award . London . " sidney ( v.o . ) looky -loos . that 's what they call you when you stand out in the rain all night just to catch a glimpse of they go by . reverse - celebrity walk down the red carpet , pause to wave at the fan . sidney ( cont 'd ) I use to pretend it be different for I because I be get pay by a magazine or newspaper , whatever . but that 's , you know ... I just love watch they . I would stand outside look in through the window and think what it would be like to somehow get inside . but there be only one way to get past the thin red line that separate the celebrity from the civilian . you have to be famous . 3. 4a ext . security point - late afternoon 4a sidney stand talk to a young pr woman at the security gate . he have a small , ugly pig on a leash . pr woman Babe ? sidney Babe Three . yeah . she look doubtfully at the pig . pr woman Babe be a cute little piglet . sidney Harry Potter use to be a cute little piglet too . what do you want ? tempus fugit ... pr woman he have not get any id . sidney how many pig be come tonight ? look , I be tell to bring he , hand he over to the producer , Bob milton , inside . you want I to leave he here with you , that 's fine ... pr woman no , you can not leave he with I . I have get ... hold on , I will ... she look around , helplessly . she begin to unhook the red rope . sidney try to hide he excitement . pr woman ( cont 'd ) if you be positive that you be suppose to ... a older pr woman stalk over . older pr woman ( icily ) well , well , sidney Young . sidney ( rumbled ) well , well ... clipboard nazi-type woman . she turn to the security stand beside they . older pr woman the pig do not get in . 4. she start to walk away . sidney what about I ? older pr woman I be talk about you . 5 moment later 5 sidney and the pig be be " escort " away from the red carpet by the Security . sidney ( v.o . ) the looky - loos dream be that one day they will somehow get to mingle with the star . but the Industry can not allow any mingling . star have to be keep away from civilian , have to be quarantine , so they do not become normal . like we . they pass a ravish hollywood actress walk the other way . she look curiously at the pig as she pass . sidney stare after she , longingly . 6 int . sanderson HOTEL - evening 6 tracking through the door and into the lobby of the exclusive hotel . sidney ( v.o . ) but after the award come the party - the miramax Party , the London record Party and , best of all - the sharp Magazine Party , so exclusive that there be no pass - along , no plus-one , no press . we find sidney check in at the desk . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( to receptionist , horrified ) how much ? I only want to stay for one night ! 7 int . elevator - moment later 7 sidney stand in the rise elevator , suit bag in he hand , holdall at he foot . sidney ( v.o . ) 5 . this be where the movie star can finally relax , secure in the knowledge they be among they own kind . we see the pig' snout poke out of the zip of the holdall . 8 int . HOTEL room - evening 8 sidney turn from the mirror to face we . he be wear a waiter' uniform of white shirt , waistcoat , and bow tie . he be also wear a wig and false moustache . sidney ( v.o . ) and that be when I strike . he pick up a tray of canapé from the bed and look down to where the pig watch he from the floor . sidney ( cont 'd ) I want you in bed by ten . and no porn . he toss the pig one of the canapé . 9 int . HOTEL - evening 9 sidney , tray in hand , peer around the corner to the entrance to the hotel 's roofed courtyard . the older pr woman we see earlier stand at the door , a formidable presence . as we watch she greet a approach celebrity gushingly . seize he chance sidney dart towards the door and , tray hold aloft to cover he face , slip through into the courtyard beyond . 10 int . HOTEL courtyard - sharp magazine party - moment 10 later ... as sidney emerge from the washroom , now dress only in the white shirt and black trousers . he scoops up a pass glass of champagne , check he moustache and survey the courtyard - a room full of glamour : tan skin , diamond , beautiful dress , beautiful suit , champagne . he stand surveying the crowd of a-list celebrity in front of he , daze . sidney ( to himself ) you can do this . you belong here . you be a star . you be a big , bright shine star ... 6 . 11 int . HOTEL room - evening 11 the room be trash - furniture over - turn , mini-bar open and break bottle all over the floor . a weird squealing which could almost be human be come from the bathroom . assistant manager ( o.s. ) hello ? Sir ? the squealing stop . assistant manager ( cont 'd ) be everything alright ? the door open and the Assistant manager walk in and stand stare around he in horror . behind he the pig emerge from the bathroom and slip out of the open door , across the corridor and straight into the open lift ... 12 int . sharp party - evening 12 sidney be talk to a very famous and very drunk Hollywood actress . sidney no , when I be in l.a . I stay at the sunset Marquis , when I be here I always stay at the sanderson . it 's , you know , I do not feel at home this day unless I be in a hotel . hollywood actress so what do you do ? sidney oh , I be a writer . Movie writer . hollywood actress oh great . sidney yeah . get one in pre-production now . you know it 's really weird run into you like this because just the other day I be tell the producer I think you would be perfect for the lead . she start to laugh . sidney ( cont 'd ) no , seriously , you would , because , you know , you have this mixture of intelligence and beauty and fragility that we be look for and , uh ... 7. hollywood actress ( smiling ) what 's the film ? sidney tit of fury . she laugh . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( smiling ) I be joke , I be just ... it 's a bio - pic . about greta garbo . that 's why I think of you . you have that amazing cheek - bone and ... be they real ? have you have plastic surgery ? hollywood actress no . have you ? sidney I ? no , hardly anything . a penis reduction as a child , that 's pretty much ... she laugh again , snort into she drink . sidney can not believe this - she like he ! 13 int . HOTEL corridor - evening 13 the lift door glide open and the pig trot out and around the corner . the pr woman be still at the door to the courtyard , berate one of she staff . the pig sail past they both , unnotice , and disappear into the party . 14 int . sharpes party - evening 14 a young man sit drink at a table . he slip a little bag of ecstasy from he pocket and take one . under the table as the Young man push the bag back into he pocket . the pig sit at he foot watch as the little bag slip back out and drop to the floor . the pig sniff at the bag ... 15 sidney and hollywood actress 15 ... still talk . the place be cramme now , and hot . sidney wipe sweat from he forehead . hollywood actress oh god , I be drunk . sidney be you ? 8. hollywood actress I be so drunk . I have not eat and ... sidney you feel okay ? because my room 's just upstairs if you want to lie down or , or loosen any , you know , moral or ... hollywood actress ( laughing ) what be you name again ? sidney Clark . Clark baxter . he take a sip of he champagne and he moustache come loose and hang limply from he face . sidney ( cont 'd ) how would you do ? the actress stare at he in surprise but sidney do not notice - he be stare past she to where there be something of a commotion amongst the guest . the pr woman be hurry across the room , hiss into she ear-piece . somebody scream . then to sidney 's horror a group of guest scatter in panic and the cause of the commotion be reveal : the pig charge into view , head straight for he . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( muttering ) oh , shit ... the pig suddenly skid to a halt and stare at sidney with hot eye . the pr woman follow the pig 's gaze and spot sidney . older pr woman ( into headset ) Sarah , get security ! code Red . sidney Young get in ! hollywood actress ( fearfully ) who 's sidney Young ? before sidney can answer the pig charge . sidney oh , shit ! sidney turn and leg it . across the room we be look over the shoulder of a tall grey- haire man who stand in the shadow watch sidney run past . this be clayton harding , he face hide for the time be . 9 . he light a cigarette with a thoughtful air and watch sidney 's flight , roll the book of match between he finger . back with sidney ... as the pig catch up with he and lunge at he ankle . sidney scream , trip and fly through the air , wig spin free , hurtle straight towards a table of startle celebrity . we freeze frame . supere title - " how to lose Friends &amp ; alienate people . " we hear the open of David bowie 's Star . 16 int . HOTEL corridor - later 16 as the title and song continue we see a protest sidney and pig be escort by Security through the endless corridor of the Hotel . titles end . fade out . fade in : 16a ext . london flat - day 16 a a seedy flat in shepherd bush . 17 int . sidney' flat - bedroom - afternoon 17 sidney lie in bed read a newspaper in he underwear . a phone be ringing in the next room . sidney begin to cut out a photograph from one of the papers - sidney struggle with a irate clint eastwood and some Security Men . the phone continue to ring . sidney ( calling ) will you get that ? ( beat ) will you get the phone ? sigh he get up and scratch himself , stumble through to ... 18 live room 18 ... which we see be , bizarrely , a office - full of a odd assortment of journalist , desk , antiquated computer and a old fax machine . the wall be line with past cover from sidney 's magazine - the Post - modern Review . one bear a photograph of Victoria beckham with the title " posh spice ? like fuck she be . " 10 . a journalist be talk on the phone by the door . the other phone be still ringing . journalist look , we do not hate celebrity at the Post -modern Review , okay ? we just do not think they should be take themselves so seriously . for we a celebrity be a text to be deconstruct . apart from costner obviously . sidney edge past he to where a large woman and a histrionic thin man be in the middle of a argument , encourage by the other member of staff . thin man ( shrill ) I would not do this the honour of call it a review . it 's a puerile , personal attack in , in alcoholic prose , in which incidentally you manage to misquote both derrida and lyotard . I be a ... large woman ( calmly ) girl . thin man ... a internationally respected academic and ... large woman prick . thin man ... author of a very well receive book on the history of culture and a ... large woman fuckwit . sidney ( thread he way past ) could not one of you answer the phone ? as the argument continue behind he he reach the phone with a bored young man sit by it . sidney ( cont 'd ) will you answer that ? what do I pay you for ? young man you do not pay I . 11 . sidney just get the phone ! the Young man answer the phone . young man Post -modern Review . thin man sidney , if she do not apologise I be quit . sidney ( to the large woman ) George can not leave . you will have to apologise . large woman why can not George leave ? sidney he own the fax machine . sidney notice the Young man be stare at he with a scared expression . sidney ( cont 'd ) what ? young man it 's sharp Magazine . sidney stop smile . young man ( cont 'd ) we be finish . sidney we be not finish . young man they sue , we be finish . sidney shut up . ( to the other ) will you be quiet ! they ignore he and continue bicker . sidney pick up the phone . sidney ( cont 'd ) sidney Young . man ( o.s. ) ( over phone , gravel voice ) this be Clayton harding . I be the editor of sharp Magazine . sidney be visibly throw . 12 . sidney ah , Lord vader . 19 int . clayton' office - day 19 shoot from behind Clayton harding 's swivel chair - all we can see be Clayton 's grey hair , he custom - build desk and the enormous office in front of he . he be smoking . as he talk he roll a book of match between he finger . clayton harding I see you at my party , just before you ruin it with you little pig stunt . sidney ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) you like that ? clayton harding sure . on he desk we see a few copy the Post - modern Review - glimpsis of star on the cover - Catherine Zeta - Jones , Orlando Bloom ... Clayton 's hand sift one copy from the other and hold it up - the cover depict clayton himself - patrician handsome , stern , photo -shop so that he appear to be naked . a headline read " Clayton harding - the editor 's New clothes ? Clayton 's shoulder 's heave with a snort of repress laughter . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) ( examine the cover ) I especially like the part where clint eastwood beat the shit outa ya . 20 int . magazine office - continuous 20 sidney light a cigarette , try to seem casual . sidney we be not scared of you , harding . you want to sue , go ahead and sue . it 's like Jimmy Stewart say , ( a poor Stewart impersonation : ) " you sit up there and you spin you little web and you think the whole world revolve around you and you money . well , it do not , mr... Mr ... 13 . 21 int . clayton' office - day 21 Clayton be still flick through the magazine . clayton harding Potter . sidney ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) " Mr. Potter ... " you go ahead and sue if you want , but I warn you , if you strike I down , I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine . a assistant walk in . Clayton look up . assistant ( softly ) miss Taylor be here sir . Clayton nod and quickly throw the magazine into a bottom drawer of the desk . sidney be still talk over the phone , beginning to enjoy himself . sidney ( o.s. ) destroy I and a hundred more will spring up in my place - man who care nothing for success , man who can not be buy , man whose only loyalty be to ... clayton harding ( calmly ) I want you to come and work for I at sharp Magazine in New York . 22 int . magazine office - day 22 sidney stare to where the thin man be try to get out of the door with the fax Machine , the large woman struggle with he . the two fall to the floor . the rest of the staff gather around they . staff ( chanting ) fight , fight , fight ... sidney ( into phone ) um ... could you say that again please ? we hear the sound of a aeroplane engine build as we ... 23 a aeroplane roar through the blue sky . 23 14 . 24 ext . JFK airport - day 24 sidney emerge from the airport , wear he crumpled brown suit , drag he suitcase behind he . he stare around , excited to be here . 25 ext . new york - hell kitchen - evening 25 sidney drag he suitcase down the quiet street and stop outside a apartment block , check the address . 26 int . stair - evening 26 a elderly Polish lady - mrs kowalski - be lead sidney up the stair of the building . mrs kowalski this magazine you be work for ? it be good ? sidney it 's sharp Magazine . you know sharp ? it 's sort of society , fashion , crime , finance , Hollywood celebrity ... mrs kowalski ( scornful ) Hollywood . sodom and gomorrah . now everybody be celebrity . you take out you breast , you be celebrity . sidney ( eyeing she chest doubtfully ) well , I think it depend on the breast but ... mrs kowalski ( oblivious ) in Poland , someone be famous because they have do something ... Marie curie ... Pope John Paul ... sidney yeah , they do not make entertainer like that any more ... Mrs kowalski cuff the back of he head . sidney be somewhat surprised by this familiarity , have only just meet the lady . she open a apartment door . 15 . 26a int . apartment - continuous 26 a Mrs kowalski show sidney into the small and cheaply furnish apartment . sidney 's box possession stand in a corner . mrs kowalski they bring you thing yesterday . sidney ( looking around ) yup , this be good . this be ... I can put my drum kit just over there and , uh ... she stare at he . sidney ( cont 'd ) that 's a ... that 's just a joke . they be just little ...congas . mrs kowalski when do you start work ? sidney tomorrow morning . mrs kowalski well , you need to be fresh , make a good impression . ( leave ) go to bed . sidney just what I be go to do ... 27 int . bar - evening 27 a drunken sidney dance frenetically on a small dance floor make of square of flash color , compensate with enthusiasm for what he lack in coordination . the woman on the floor shuffle further and further away from he . 28 ext . STREET - evening 28 sidney walk down the street , stare bright eye at the city around he , in love with New York . a sexy woman in a short dress pass he . sidney ogle she as she walk into a bar . 29 int . bar - evening 29 sidney find the sexy woman sit at the bar . there be a empty stool beside she . sidney sidle into it . 16 . sexy woman ( to barman ) a kona please . sidney gesture to the barman to make it two . he sit try to think of something to say . the barman return with they drink . sidney ( raise he glass ) hi , my name 's Clark . Clark baxter . the woman look at he without expression . sidney sip he drink , grimace . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( to barman ) what the hell 's that ? barman that 's a water sir . sidney well that 's ... that 's not right , be it ? that 's not ... put a dash of beer in that . a young woman have be sit on the other side of sidney . this be alison olsen ( 20 ) smart , attractive , dress in a elegant but no - nonsense suit . she be write in a notebook . she look up and notice sidney . alison I be sorry , my boyfriend 's sit there . sidney get up and examine the stool . sidney be he ? he 's fuck small be not he ? he smile at the sexy woman , hope to get a laugh . alison examine sidney coolly , point to the drink on the bar in front of sidney . alison that 's he White Russian . he will be here in a second . sidney ( to barman ) can you reserve this seat ? barman nope . sidney sit down and turn back to the sexy woman . 17 . sidney I be a journalist . work for a little periodical you might have hear of call sharp Magazine ? sidney produce a card and wave it vaguely . sidney ( cont 'd ) I be the cultural editor . alison take the card from he hand before he can put it away again . alison ( to sexy woman ) this be a library card . ( reading it ) from glow-cester ... sidney ( snatching it back ) that 's ... not that one ... ( search wallet ) I have get it somewhere ... I just ... the sexy woman get up and walk away . sidney watch she go bitterly . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( to alison ) happy now ? alison just do my bit for the gene pool . he produce the photograph of he be hold in a headlock by clint eastwood . sidney who 's that there with clint eastwood ? alison Morgan Freeman ? sidney no , in the headlock . alison you have this laminate ? sidney oh just give it ... he snatch the photograph back , catch alison 's glass in the process . her drink spill over she notebook - soaking the page she have be write . alison shit ! 18. sidney it 's okay . it 's okay . I have get it . he try to blot the page with a napkin , smear the ink . alison just ... just leave it ! she examine the book , furious . sidney sorry . he try to think of something to say . sidney ( cont 'd ) it 's pronounce gloucester by the way . alison ( icy ) be you go to get off that seat ? sidney no . alison ( beat ) do you know the meaning of karma ? sidney the curry ? alison ( inscribe a circle in the AIR ) what go around , come around . the moment be approach when you will pay the price for be a asshole . when my boyfriend get here I be go to put my pacifist leaning to one side and encourage he to take you outside and ... her cell - phone ring . she answer it . alison ( cont 'd ) hello ? hi , honey . ( beat ) oh. ( beat ) no , no , it 's ... do not worry about it . I will see you then . she hang up , avoid sidney 's gaze , embarrassed and annoyed . sidney boyfriend not come ? 19 . she stare straight ahead , gather she thing . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( conciliatory ) listen , I be sorry . do you think ...? she turn to he . sidney ( cont 'd ) do you think I could have he drink ? alison give he a cold smile , control she temper . she spot a heavily make - up woman walk past . alison bobbie ? woman hey ! alison you want a seat ? I be just leave . woman thanks . the woman take alison 's place at the bar . sidney ( to the newcomer ) hello . he slide the photograph over to she . sidney ( cont 'd ) guess who that be with clint eastwood . alison give a small smile and leave . 30 int . sidney' apartment - night 30 sidney and the woman dance drunkenly around the room to the music blaring from sidney 's stereo . the track finish and they stand gasp for breath . woman I be gonna powder my nose . why do not you put on something a little more romantic ? she stagger off down the hall . sidney , giddy with excitement , search through some lps and put one on he old turntable . it 's Ace of spade by motorhead . he stagger around , play air-guitar for a moment . 20 . the music be suddenly switch off . he turn to find Mrs kowalski stand beside the record player , stare grimly at he . sidney Mrs lebowski ... mrs kowalski kowalski . you know what time it be ? the music blaring , you door open ... sidney ( try to seem sober ) be it ? fuck . I mean , shit . sorry . I just ... meet a old friend and bring they back ... the woman stagger back into the room , she back to we . she be naked . she be also surprisingly muscular . sidney ( cont 'd ) ... for a little ... he notice the woman . his gaze drop to below the waist . sidney ( cont 'd ) ... penis . Mrs kowalski turn and take in the view . nobody move . 31 int . bedroom - morning 31 a hung-over sidney wake up in he bed , light stream through the window . 32 bathroom 32 he examine he reflection , psyching himself up for he first day . sidney you can do this ! you can do this ! he hum the fanfare from the Rocky theme . 33 live room 33 sidney walk into the room , still hum the theme tune , shadow box . he open the blind and turn to the couch . the " woman " wake up from where she have be sleep on the couch and gaze blearily at sidney . sidney Quick coffee Bob and then you have get to go . 21 . we hear the open of Brian ferry 's version of the `I n ' crowd as we ... 34 ext . time square - morning 34 as the song continue we see sidney swagger down the busy sidewalk towards we . he be wear sunglass and a T-shirt emblazon with a photograph of keanu reeves and the caption " Young , Dumb and full of cum . " the T-shirt be riding up a little over he belly . sidney ( v.o . ) this be my city . he stop at a gleam chrome entrance and stare up at the heywood Building tower above he . 35 int . heywood build - entrance security - morning 35 as the song continue sidney , still swagger , be escort through the formidable look security by a thin and chic assistant . the entrance hall arch above they , a vast and impressive cavern of chrome and glass . sidney ( v.o . ) this be my building . 36 int . lift - moment later 36 sidney lean nonchalantly against the wall of the lift examine the chic Assistant and two stunningly beautiful model who be in conversation . sidney manage to catch the attention of one of the model and flash what he believe be a rakish smile . in return he receive a icy glare . sidney ( v.o . ) this be my model . 37 int . sharp magazine - corridor - moment later 37 the chic Assistant lead sidney down a curving , red carpete corridor , past a chrome wall inscribe with the giant logo of the magazine . they reach a set of double door which the Assistant open for sidney ... sidney ( v.o . ) and this ... sidney walk through into ... 38 clayton harding's office 38 harding swing around in he chair to glare at we , a cigarette in he mouth . 22. sidney ( v.o. ) ... be my boss . clayton harding what the fuck be you wear ? the song grind to a abrupt halt . sidney lose a quantity of swagger . he examine he T-shirt . sidney you like it ? I bring you one . he take a T-shirt from he satchel and hand it to harding . clayton harding thanks . casually he fling the shirt out of the open window behind he . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) next time you come here dress like that , you follow the shirt . you understand ? sidney nod dumbly . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) sit down . how be the flight ? sidney ( sitting ) good . thanks for the business class ticket , clay . harding regards he gravely . clayton harding that be a mistake . and do not call I clay . sidney oh. well , if it 's any consolation I get downgrade anyway . clayton harding ( gravely ) that be some consolation . sidney notice that the copy of the Post - modern Review be on the desk - Clayton naked . sidney ( nervously ) ha ! that be just a little , uh ... as it happen I be a big fan of you earlier , funnier work . snipe Magazine that be ... that be really good . 23. harding stare at sidney . sidney ( cont 'd ) yeah , you have ... you have actually be a big influence on I and I really think together we can inject a bit of that snipe spirit into this magazine . now I have get a few idea that I would like to ... clayton harding ( interrupting ) you think you have arrive , doncha ? well I hate to break it to you , but you be only in the first room . it 's not nothing , do not get I wrong , but there be plenty of people in this town who never make it past the first room . after a year or so , maybe longer , you will discover a secret doorway at the back of the first room that lead to the second . eventually , if you be lucky , you will discover another doorway back of the second room that lead to the third . he gaze at sidney through narrow eye . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) there be seven room in all . you be in the first , I be in the seventh , and doncha forget it sidney have be listen with a frown of concentration . sidney ( beat ) so ...if I make it to the seventh room - will I become a true jedi knight ? harding exhales smoke and put out he cigarette . clayton harding which bring we to the subject of you sense of humour . I have a look through you " magazine " here . sidney what would you think ? Clayton swivel in he chair and stare thoughtfully out over the Manhattan skyline . clayton harding oh , I think it be ... kinda snarky . and bitter . and ... witless . 24 . sidney digest this . Clayton seem lose in think . finally ... clayton harding ( cont 'd ) I be go to try you out in the I spy section . 39 int . corridor - day 39 sidney be hurry to keep up with lawrence maddox ( 40' ) as he stride down the corridor . lawrence be canadian , handsome , one of the golden boy of the magazine and arrogant with it . other employees pass they as they walk , head down , expression serious . the place be a model of quiet , professional industry . lawrence maddox ( glance at sidney 's clothes ) well , sidney . we have only just meet but already I perceive I be in the presence of a rare comic sensibility . sidney thanks . lawrence maddox I know you hi-jinx give you a certain notoriety back in olde England but thing be go to be a bit different here . harding want I to be you rabbi , show you the rope . be you aware of what we do at I spy ? sidney you photograph famous people when they be drunk ? lawrence maddox ( ignoring he ) I spy be the nation 's window onto High Society . the looky - loos read we because ... well , they be not there . the glitterati read we because we tell they they be there . for this system to work we have to know where there be . sidney so ... when we go out to club and thing ... would that , would that be on expense or ...? lawrence maddox this be not a vacation . it 's a vocation . 25 . maddox sweep around the corner into a open-plan office area . fact-checker and assistant buzz around . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) when we do go out you be go to have to wear something more suitable . sidney okay . what do you mean by suitable ? maddox gesture at sidney 's body . lawrence maddox something that cover all of this up . he start to check message on he desk . sidney , try to seem at ease , stare at a black and white photograph on the wall . sidney be that mussolini ? lawrence maddox ( beat . ) ) no , sidney , that 's Richard heywood . the owner of this magazine . sidney oh. look a little like , uh ... ( point to the child in the photograph , smile ) who 's this funny look kid ? be that he son ? maddox stare at he . lawrence maddox ( icily ) that 's he daughter , Elizabeth ; now my wife . a subtitle materialize like a halo around maddox 's head . it read : do not fuck with me. sidney ( flustered ) really ? well , she 's very ... be not she ? really , very ... someone walk up behind sidney . lawrence maddox miss Olsen here take care of the gallery opening , book launch and other intellectual fare . can you find we new rookie something to do ? 26 . sidney turn to find alison behind he , eat a apple . she eye he coldly . alison I hear the cultural editor 's job be up for grab ? 40 later 40 alison sit work at she computer . sidney appear and perches on the edge of she desk . sidney listen , see as how I be go to be sit just over there , do not you think we should try and put last night behind we ? alison no . get off my desk . sidney I be not sure what I be suppose to be do . ( beat ) be you go to help I out ? alison okay . which way do you come in ? sidney stare at she . alison take some contact sheet from she desk and shove they at he . alison ( cont 'd ) Chris blick exhibition open . caption it . now get off my desk . one of the magazine gorgeous fashionistas - ingrid - walk past . ingrid ( to alison ) hi! alison hi , ingrid . ingrid stare at sidney 's outfit , throw . sidney ( a wolfish smile ) you go to introduce I ? alison this be Clark baxter . ( notice ingrid 's gaze ) he 's English . ingrid ( that explain it ) ohh ...right . 27 . sidney actually it 's sidney . sidney Young . Clark baxter be my alias . ingrid why do you have a alias ? alison he use it when he 's try to pick up transsexuals . ingrid ( creeped out ) Nice to meet you . she walk on . sidney ( to alison ) I take it you know about Bob and do not tell I ? alison inscribe a circle in the air with she finger without look up . 41 later 41 sidney be on the phone . he be stare at some contact sheet . sidney hello , be that the parson Gallery ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) yes , it be . this be celia parson speak . sidney this be sidney Young from sharp Magazine ? we be run some photograph from you open of the Chris blick exhibition , and I just need to caption they . I be wonder if you could help I identify some of the people ? woman' voice ( over phone ) all right . sidney thanks . so ... Chris blick . man or woman ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) what ? 28 . sidney be Chris blick a man or woman ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( beat ) be you sure you be call from sharp magazine ? sidney yes , I be . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( icy ) tell I stanley , why have they give you this assignment if you do not know who one of the most famous artist in America be ? sidney I ... I do not really know . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( snapping ) he 's a man . sidney okay . be he a old man ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( beat ) he 's a older man , yes . sidney ( stare at a photograph ) okay , I have get two old man here - so be he the fat one ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( beat ) you do realize that Clayton harding be a personal friend of mine ? sidney ( beat ) what 's that get to do with anything ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) right . she hang up . beat . sidney look around , hope no - one be listen . he re-dial . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) parson gallery . sidney be he the one with the wonky eye ? 29 . she hang up again . CUT to 42 int . lobby - lift - day 42 sidney , come back from lunch , get into the lift eat a hamburger . another of the magazine 's fashionistas - anna - get into the lift and try to hold the door open for a approach friend . the door swish shut , Anna pull she hand out of the way just in time . the lift rise . sidney it 's fashion sensitive . if you be not wear prada it will take you arm clean off . Anna stare at this strange man with the burger , baffle . anna but I be wear prada . the lift stop and she get out . alison get in , see sidney and wince . she take out a book and pretend to read . the lift begin to rise again . through it 's glass door we see the different floor pass , different publication - each a hive of sober , hard work . sidney stare at they . sidney ( mouth full ) this be not what I expect . alison recoil slightly . alison what do you expect ? sidney I do not know . the algonquin circle . dorothy parker . martinis . quip . look at they . not one of they be drunk . alison it 's call be a professional . you should try it some time . sidney there 's something you should understand . I be not really one of you . alison by " you " do you mean " human ? " 30 . sidney I mean the glossy posse . bunch of Zomby , write about " pet of the star " but act like they be work for the UN . I be here to shake thing up a bit . where be you from ? alison not that it 's any of you business , but I be from Port huron , Michigan . sidney right . small town girl . ( hannibal lector impersonation ) I bet you could only dream of get out . get anywhere - yes , clarice ? get all the way - to the n...y... c. ( drop the impersonation ) take my advice , do not go take this celebrity fluff seriously . for a moment alison be speechless with anger . alison you...you ...arrogant ... the lift stop and a tall woman enter . she be expensively dress , wear chanel dark glass , a expression of granite and a air of superhuman froideur . alison exchange the slight of nod with she and stare tensely ahead . only sidney , busy chew , be oblivious to the plunge in temperature . for a moment there be only the soft whir of the lift . then sidney begin to choke on some burger . he wheeze for a moment , gag . the woman stiffen slightly but show no other sign of have notice the revolting noise come from behind she . alison close she eye . sidney give a violent cough and a chunk of chew burger and coleslaw fly out of he mouth and land on the back of the oblivious woman 's prada jacket . sidney notice and raise a tentative hand to brush the offend item away . before he can move alison silently take he wrist in a vice - like grip . 43 corridor - moment later 43 alison be harangue sidney . 31 . alison ( hissing ) be you insane ? that be lawrence 's wife , Elizabeth ! her father own sharp ! sidney that be she ? the mussolini baby ? he stop . sidney ( cont 'd ) I could go back and tell she I be ... alison no ! listen to I - you do not approach Elizabeth maddox , you do not talk to she ! do not even make eye-contact with she ? do you understand ? sidney be I suppose to be afraid ? alison yes . sidney I do not know the meaning of the word fear . alison I be sure there be many word you do not know the meaning of ! she walk on , shaking she head in disbelief . alison ( cont 'd ) when I think of all the people who would kill to be where you be . and you lumber in here , spitting food , have not get the brain God give a mollusc ... why do Clayton hire you ? sidney ( following her ) snipe Magazine . alison what ? sidney when Clayton leave college he start this little magazine call snipe . fantastic . take aim at every self - important celebrity in town . completely fearless . it be like my magazine but twenty year earlier . ( more ) 32 . sidney ( cont 'd ) that 's why he 's hire I . I be the young Clayton harding . he look at I and see he glory day . alison ( sarcastic ) his glory day ? sharp have win fourteen National Magazine award and increase its advertising page by more than 60 percent since he take over . he 's pay million of dollar a year . he life in a Bank Street townhouse , and weekend in the hampton . Clayton harding be one of the lynchpin of the media-industrial complex . sidney stop to examine he reflection in a window . sidney yeah , but do not worry . I think I might still be in time to save he . 44 int . sidney' apartment - evening 44 the phone be ringing . sidney walk in from the bedroom , change into he old brown suit . the answer machine kick in . sidney ( o.s. ) ( over answer machine ) you have reach sidney Young . I be sorry but my answer machine be out of order , so the voice you be hearing be actually I . the machine beeps . sidney smirk at he joke and be reach for the phone when we hear the caller - a older man , a upper-class English accent . older man' voice ( o.s. ) ( over answer machine ) sidney ? be you there ? sidney stop in he track , something complicated and fearful crossing he face . older man' voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) sidney ? be you there ? sidney tiptoe back out of the room . older man' voice ( cont 'd ) if you be there sidney , answer the phone . we hear the open of fly I to the Moon by Julie London 33. 45 int . town car - evening 45 sidney sit in the car beside alison and maddox , stare out the window , entrance by the bright light as they pass by ... 46 ext . HOTEL - fund - raiser party - night 46 the rooftop swim pool of a hotel . Flowers everywhere , include in the pool . guest mill around drink . we find sidney work he way through the throng to where alison stand . sidney ( mouth full ) there 's a couple of hundred grand worth of food here and I swear I be the only person eat it . you want some ? alison recoil . sidney do a little nerdy dance to the music as he eat . sidney ( cont 'd ) this place be amazing . it 's wall to wall totty . alison Wall to wall what ? sidney totty . babe . sexually attractive woman . alison do you mind ? sidney what ? maddox join they . a man pass , nod respectfully at maddox . sidney ( cont 'd ) look at that . all night people have be treat we like we be royalty . in London , the journalist 's motto be " everybody hate we and we do not care . " lawrence maddox well , now you be one of the High Priests of what 's hot and what 's not . so what be you two talk about ? 34 . alison sidney be just marvel at the abundance of " totty " here . lawrence maddox ( enjoying this ) uh-oh . I do not think miss Olsen approve of you , sidney . sidney watch some beautiful woman pass , drip diamond . sidney I should not be here . I get throw out of place like this . lawrence maddox this ? this be a McDonald 's . I hate disease party . ( off sidney 's puzzle look ) Fund - raiser . someone 's cell phone ring . all of the guest automatically check they cell . a older attractive woman walk over - she 's a little drunk . woman lawrence maddox ? oh my goodness ... Long time . maddox examine she coolly . woman ( cont 'd ) Rachel ! lawrence barely bother to conceal the fact he do not remember she . lawrence maddox Rachel . how be you ? rachel well , I be just wonderful . wonderful . how be you ? lawrence smile and look around he without answer . Rachel try again . rachel ( cont 'd ) funny I should run into you . I have just do this great little film call five borough and it 's you know , low -budget , first - time director but very , uh , move and ... hey , maybe you could do a little ...? 35 . a handsome young man pass by . maddox instantly turn away from Rachel . lawrence maddox ( smoothly ) angelo , good to see you . Rachel hover for a moment , embarrassed by she abrupt dismissal then slip away . sidney watch she go , feel for she . sidney ( to maddox ) you know that be Rachel petkoff ? she 's a fantastic actress . have not do anything for year , but , in she day ... lawrence maddox ( coolly ) I be sure . sidney seriously , I have hear about that film . I think she 's go to make a come back . we should get there first , do a profile or something before everyone else ... maddox be not listen . instead he greet a fat , angry - look very young man . this be vincent lepak , wear he customary shade . lawrence maddox ( fawning ) Vincent ! great to see you . Children , I would like to introduce you to Vincent lepak , enfant terrible and in , my opinion , the most exciting new director in american cinema . Vincent nod , frown , look around . vincent I think this be the worst fundraiser I have be to in my whole life . lawrence maddox it 's a rat fuck , be not it ? sidney walk away . 47 angle on rachel 47 ... stand at the parapet , smoking , stare out over the city with red eye . sidney appear beside she . 36 . sidney Excuse I ? be not you Rachel petkoff ? Rachel turn to look at he . sidney ( cont 'd ) this be sort of embarrassing but ... he hold out a napkin . sidney ( cont 'd ) could I have you autograph ? Rachel , suspect she be the target of ridicule , look around to see if there 's a audience . sidney ( cont 'd ) I be a big fan . rachel ( hard ) be that so ? sidney absolutely . I must have see everything you have be in . that episode of the Love Boat and the bionic woman ? the song bird , in the night ... I have even see you first ever tv appearance . the twilight Zone - House of mirror . right ? rachel ( thrown ) right ... sidney my all time favorite ? a Day too Long . ( he mean it ) you be really great in that . Rachel stare at he . she hide she emotion with a bright smile . rachel ( laughing ) what 's you name , honey ? sidney sidney Young . she take the napkin and pen , she face glow . rachel ( writing ) sidney Young . I will remember that . 37 . 48 angle on vincent 48 ... hold court to maddox , alison and some of the glitterati . sidney join they , eat more food . vincent you look around and it 's all shit . no -one be make movie that be fuck worthwhile . lawrence maddox I would have to disagree with you , Vincent . Vincent look at he , displease . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) you be make movie that be worthwhile . Vincent accept this with a curt nod . vincent this be what I be say . you have to inspire yourself . I be my role - model . I want to be I ... he stare angrily around , hand he empty glass to he wait assistant who immediately replace it with a full one from a pass tray . sidney watch he with dislike . sidney ( suddenly ) greatest film ever make ? vincent Excuse I ? sidney what 's the great film ever make ? ( to alison ) go on . have a guess . alison ( irritate ) well , that 's ... I do not think there be one single film that ... sidney have a guess . vincent ( sneering ) yeah , have a guess - what be the great film ever make ? 38 . alison ( embarrassed ) I do not , uh ... well personally I love La dolce vita but ... sidney incorrect . con air. alison ( beat ) I beg you pardon ? sidney uhuh , con Air . it 's get everything . malkovich for you act chop , nicky cage for action , buscemi for comedy , John cusack for the gay . it 's a smorgasbord . the group study he , try to work out if this be irony or idiocy . maddox be stare dagger at he . a extremely thin , fashionably dress woman smile at sidney . woman I do not think we have be introduce ? lawrence maddox mister Young , this be Eleanor Johnson , Queen of New York . Eleanor this be sidney Young . he 's from England and he 's we very own idiot savant . without the savant . eleanor johnson well , it 's always nice to have fresh blood at this thing . ( to maddox ) which remind I , I be here with Sophie mae , I want you to meet she . New film , the suffragette come out , the buzz be a-maze . the release be tie in with the roll - out of the reebok campaign , and now Louis vuitton 's on the line . this train be leave the station lawrence . sidney ( to eleanor ) so , you be a publicist ? eleanor johnson I do not really like that word , sidney . sidney what should I call you ? 39 . eleanor johnson you can call I Eleanor . she stare past he , across the pool . eleanor johnson ( cont 'd ) there she be . they turn to see a young woman stand across the pool from they . this be sophie mae - a natural beauty , statuesque , no make - up , hair simply pull back . Sophie try to walk around the pool to join they but find she can not work she way through the crowd . she turn to she right but find she way similarly block . she hesitates for a moment and then with a shrug climb down into the pool , the water up to she chest , and begin to walk through the float flower towards they . sidney stare at she , transfixed . alison notice this with some contempt . gradually everyone notice Sophie and stop to look . have reach the other side , Sophie ascend the pool step , laugh , she dress cling to she : venus rise from the wave . the photographer appear , snap merrily away . lawrence maddox ( murmuring ) oh , this one will go far . 49 int . HOTEL - later 49 Sophie , still in she wet dress , Eleanor and Sophie 's entourage be stride through the hotel 's corridor , on they way out . maddox , sidney and alison be with they . eleanor johnson ( on cell phone ) where 's the car ? what 's it do at the back ? forget what I say . I want the car at the front . now . sidney find himself walk alongside Sophie and maddox , try not to stare at Sophie 's breast . sophie mae ... I just think it 's terrible the way we be still exploit animal . that 's why , you know , I will not wear fur or leather , I will not wear make - up , I be vegetarian . sidney I be with you ... 40 . Sophie turn to he with a vague smile . sidney ( cont 'd ) I will not eat anything with , you know , eyebrow . he snicker nervously . sidney ( cont 'd ) or if it can chuckle . I will not eat animal that can chuckle . sophie I be sorry , I can not understand you accent ? sidney ( embarrassed ) nothing , just , uh ... so you be a actress ? have I see you in anything ? sophie mae I do not know . have you ? sidney ( beat ) no. ( try again ) so you have not win any oscar yet ? sophie mae no . sidney because I would certainly vote for you for best support dress ! huh , huh , huh .... sophie mae ( struggling to understand he ) I have not be nominate for anything . sidney no , I be just ... I be say you look ... they have reach the front entrance of the hotel . Eleanor step between they . eleanor johnson ( to sophie ) be you ready dear ? the front door glide open to reveal a legion of paparazzi wait outside . as Sophie step outside there be a sudden roar of photographer shouting and the night sky blaze white as hundred of cameras flash simultaneously . 41 . reverse - the group frame in the entrance - way - blind by the glare , squinting . only Sophie have she eye open , smile , look like a star . 50 ext . outside HOTEL - moment later 50 the paparazzi be still crowd around the group as they make they way to the wait car . lawrence maddox ( to alison ) we be go on to the Circle Club . I will see you tomorrow . alison ( tight ) okay . good night . maddox slip he jacket around Sophie 's shoulder . sophie be not you cold ? lawrence maddox I be from Canada , land of ice and snow . they get into the car . sidney try to follow they . sidney budge up . lawrence maddox where be you go ? sidney I be come to the club . lawrence maddox sorry , you be not on the list . a small chihuahua - cuba - on Sophie 's lap snarl at sidney . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) see ? even Cuba say so . maddox close the door and the car glide away , Sophie kissing the dog on the nose . the paparazzi hurry back to the entrance as another celebrity emerge , leave alison and sidney stare after the car . sidney ( fuming ) that 's ... that turn my stomach . paw she like that . he 's old enough to be she father . 42 . alison ( irritate ) no he be not . sidney yes he be . I start produce sperm when I be thirteen , so you know , technically ... alison for you information he be not paw she ! he be just do he job ! in case you have not notice sharp have to have a star on the cover every month . and most of that star be client of Eleanor 's . so do not piss she off . sidney she 's a flak . hack do not take order from flak . and I do not think you can call that " do he job . " the man have no blood leave in he upper body ... alison ( snapping ) will you ...? oh , and next time you want to do the hilariously ironic I love con Air skit would you mind ...? sidney I be not be ironic ... alison ... would you mind not involve I , especially in the presence of Vincent lepak who happen to be very important . sidney yeah , I could tell by the way he be allow to stay up past he bed time . the car disappear into the distance . they watch it go . sidney ( cont 'd ) do you think she would go out with I ? alison who ? sidney Sophie mae . you think she will go out with I ? 43. alison no. Girls like Sophie do not date journalist . as far as she 's concerned , you be the help . sidney what do you know ? a lot of this starlet be lonely . they spend they time look for a man . alison start to walk away . alison this be New York , sidney . woman only date man who be successful ... sidney I be go to be successful . alison ( as she go ) ... and tall . 51 int . sharp magazine - I spy area - morning 51 sidney sit in front of he computer read the on-line New York Post page six . a story on the previous night be accompany by a large picture of Sophie in she cling dress . above the picture be the title venus envy . sidney stare at the picture , entrance . alison sit at she desk , watch he with contempt . maddox appear beside they . sidney have you see this ? she 's everywhere . a assistant walk over with a muffin basket for maddox . assistant from Sophie mae . lawrence maddox ( read the card ) " thanks for a great night . " what a sweet kid . oh , sidney , about last night - word of advice . do not talk to the celebrity , okay ? Sophie say you make she feel uncomfortable . he walk off with a slight smirk . sidney glower after he . 44 . 52 int . sharp magazine - corridor - morning 52 sidney walk down the corridor . he slow , he expression change suddenly . sidney' p.o.v - Elizabeth maddox be walk down the corridor towards we , face set . sidney keep on walk , stare to one side of Elizabeth . as they draw level , the heel of one of Elizabeth 's shoe snap off and she lurch sideways , collide with the wall before sprawling onto the floor in front of sidney . sidney hesitates . he notice alison watch with bait breath from the other end of the corridor . for a moment nobody move then sidney step over Elizabeth 's prone form without a word and keep on walk . alison give a sigh of relief , nod in approval and walk on . 53 int . meeting room - day 53 Clayton head a monthly staff meeting . a rather smug maddox be just finish a pitch . lawrence maddox ...so Brad 's people finally get back to I and they have agree . we have get the whole afternoon , before the shoot . people clap . harding nod approvingly . clayton harding good work lawrence . okay , well , if that 's it for ... he start to get up . sidney so , I be think , clay ... Clayton , pause , frown . sidney turn to the room , cocksure . sidney ( cont 'd ) Paris Hilton . I do a profile on she as if she 's this complete recluse , this hermit ... ( laugh ) I try and track she down and , you know , " who be the elusive Paris Hilton and why be she so publicity shy ? " he laugh for a moment . no one join in . 45 . clayton harding that 's first room stuff , sidney . and call I clay one more time and see what happen . harding stalk out of the room . blush , sidney stare after he , nodd vaguely . as he gather he notebook he become aware of the smirk on the face of maddox and the other as they leave . 54 int . break area - afternoon 54 alison sit with she notebook and pen . behind she some of the magazine 's glamorous fashionistas - vicky , ingrid and anna - be examine some clothes . vicky no , I would love this but I be so fat I could not ... ingrid get out of here ! anna you look totally rexy . ingrid ( to alison ) Alice ? alison hide she irritation with a smile . alison alison . ingrid tell vicky she look rexy . alison rexy ? ingrid anorexic . alison ( to vicky ) well ... you do look like you could do with a few more pound . vicky oh god , that 's so sweet . ingrid ( to alison ) by the way , post - shoot clear out . get some gucci pants here that be way too big for we . you wanna try ? 46 . alison ( another tight smile ) no , thanks . she look up as sidney sit heavily beside she , stare at she with puppy - dog eye . alison try to ignore he for a moment . alison ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to be rude sidney but ... what the fuck do you want ? sidney listen , you know how thing work around here . how be I go to get something in the magazine ? alison stare at he . alison I think all this " fluff " be beneath you ? sidney it be but ... thing have change . alison what 's change ? sidney look , I know people think I be a bit of a idiot and maybe I have not start off too well here , but I want ... I want ... he seem so awkward that alison begin to soften a little . sidney ( cont 'd ) ... I want to have sex with Sophie mae . ( beat ) before maddox do . alison 's expression turn to disgust . alison you be loathsome , you know that ? sidney ( oblivious ) I know he 's get a head start on I but I be go to win she back . once I get my hook into a girl , they never get free . alison like ring -worm . she get up and stalk out . sidney glance through the glass partition and see maddox walk past . 47 . sidney ( to himself ) the glove be come off . we hear the open of brigitte bardot 's moi je joue as we ... 55 int . elevator - day 55 sidney be pitching to Clayton in the elevator . sidney okay . celebrity trash can . the content of celebrity trash can be reveal and reader have gotta guess who the trash belong to ... five bottle of Jack Daniels , a court order , and a copy of mein kampf ? mel Gibson ! clayton harding ( get out the lift ) first room , sidney . first room . 56 ext . outside circle club - evening 56 a small group of glitterati pass the immense line of hopeful wait outside the club and be ushere inside by the doorman at the entrance . sidney walk confidently up , pretend to talk into he cell . the doorman stand in he way , impassive . still talk sidney turn and walk away as if nothing have happen . 57 int . elevator - day 57 sidney stand with a model - type in the elevator . he take a laminated photograph from he wallet and show it to she . sidney ( point at the snap ) guess who that be with clint eastwood ? model Morgan Freeman ? sidney no , not ... why 's everyone say ...? there ! in the head - lock ! 58 int . clayton' office - day 58 sidney pitch to a close door in the office . he be hold a large piece of card on which be draw a tree decorate with the head of various celebrity . 48 . sidney it 's a shag Tree . it illustrate all of the sexual pairing of Hollywood 's top star and how they interconnect ... from under the door slide a piece of paper on which be write first room . we hear a toilet flush . 59 ext . outside circle club - evening 59 sidney approach the doorman , take a ten dollar bill from he pocket and hand it to the doorman . the doorman crumple the bill up and throw it away . without a word sidney begin to walk away . he come back and pick up the crumpled note and then head off again . 60 int . clayton' office - day 60 harding be eat lunch at he desk . he look up and find sidney stare down at he with puppy - dog eye . beat . harding sigh . clayton harding if I give you a interview will ya leave I the fuck alone ? sidney smile . the song end . 61 int . studio - day 61 Nathan Lane shake hand with sidney as he sit down . nathan lane Nathan Lane . Nice to meet you . sidney great to meet you Nathan . I be a big fan . I love that rat thing you play in the lion King . nathan lane ( pleasantly ) actually he 's a meer cat . sidney ( absently , check he note ) uhuh ... now , I have be do some research and I think you be probably quite a private man . be I right ? nathan lane well ... 49 . sidney which be fine , but today , I think it would be great to get behind the mask . nathan lane ( beat ) uh , I do not think there really be a mask as such , and I do not wanna be a pain , but what I really wanna talk about be the new play , keep it about the work , you know ? be that okay ? sidney absolutely . of course . so , first question - be you jewish ? Nathan stare at sidney . nathan lane I do not see what the relevance of that be . sidney okay . next question . the rat thing - that 's gotta be Disney 's first gay animal , right ? so , I be wonder - be you a homosexual ? beat . Nathan look like he might hit sidney . 62 int . clayton' office - day 62 Clayton glare at sidney from behind he desk . clayton harding what do I say to you ? sidney what ...? clayton harding what do I say to you ? sidney I just ... clayton harding what do I say to you ? sidney do not upset anyone . clayton harding do not upset anyone . 50 . sidney I be just try to ... probe . clayton harding you wanna probe become a proctologist , okay ? you can not ask musical comedy star whether they be jewish or gay . from now on just assume they be all jewish and all gay , okay ? 63 int . I spy area - day 63 sidney be on the phone . he have be idly apply magic tape to he face , contort it into a grotesque grimace . the headline of a magazine open in front of he read : " everyone love a Lord : why british titles drive New York woman crazy . " sidney I would like to apply for a american Express card please ? ( beat ) hon. sidney Young . ( beat ) as in honourable . h-o - N . ( beat ) it 's a british title . across the desk alison watch he with contempt . sidney ( cont 'd ) the Queen ? yeah , I know the Queen . just fill in the form will you ? sidney suddenly notice Sophie mae and Eleanor Johnson walk towards they . Sophie look more style than before . she be hold she Chihuahua , Cuba , which be dress in a tiny coat . sidney disappear under the desk . we hear a rip as he yank the tape off he face . sidney ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( in pain , under desk ) oh , fuck ...! lawrence maddox ( walking over ) hey ! Cuba ! he pet the dog , who greet he enthusiastically . sophie mae ( to lawrence ) he like you . lawrence maddox ( smiling smoothly ) well , I be one of the Friends of Cuba . 51 . he laugh , Sophie smile , not get it . alison seem immerse in some paper - work . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) so how 's it feel to be a star ? sophie no , do not ! it 's so embarrassing ! that picture 's everywhere now . and I have no idea the dress be so see-through ! and people be talk like it be some kind of stunt . eleanor johnson ( smoothly ) such a cynical age . hello sidney . embarrass , sidney get up from under he desk . sidney hello ! do not , do not know you be come in ...? eleanor johnson lawrence be take we to lunch at cipriani . sidney ( jealous ) oh great . that 's great . sophie mae lawrence ? could I leave Cuba here ? he do not like italian food . lawrence maddox of course you can . he can stay in my office . sidney ? fetch Cuba a bowl of water , will you ? sidney stare at he . sidney ( force a smile ) of course . 64 water-cooler 64 Eleanor be get a cup of water from the cooler . sidney join she , wait to fill the dog 's bowl . eleanor johnson that be a lovely ring . where be that from ? 52 . sidney look at the wedding ring he wear on he little finger . sidney ( embarrassed ) it be my mother 's . she give it to I . eleanor johnson ( smiling ) oh , you sweetie . that be very , very ... ( dismiss the topic ) so , listen ... you have meet Vincent lepak have not you , sidney ? sidney uhuh . eleanor johnson he have a new movie come out soon and lawrence be over - stretch as it be . how would you like to write a story on he ? alison , at the photocopier nearby , listen . sidney smile , fill with hope . sidney a story ? absolutely . that would ... I would love to ... eleanor johnson ( softly ) well , great . maybe we could get together and discuss the angle ? sidney okay . ( beat ) what do you mean ? eleanor johnson well , I would need to know how we be go to present Vincent , check the story , so on . sidney ( beat ) you want copy approval ? eleanor johnson ( smiling ) any storey write about my client need to be in they best interest , that 's all . if thing work out with Vincent we could maybe talk about a follow up story on Sophie ? what do you think ? alison listen , she face register she distaste . 53. sidney look over at Sophie , struggle with himself . finally ... sidney ( reluctantly ) I be sorry , Eleanor , I do not ... I do not work that way . alison stare with surprise at sidney . he just go up in she estimation . eleanor johnson ( amuse ) sidney dear , think of it like this : you write about one of my client , you be borrow some of they " star-light " to help sell you magazine . all I be say be quid pro quo . sidney be unable to hold back a snicker . sidney they star-light ? Eleanor 's face harden . 65 moment later 65 sidney watch Sophie , maddox and Eleanor as they walk towards reception . 66 int . maddox be office - later 66 sidney crack open the door and peer inside . Cuba sit in the middle of the floor , stare at he . he emit a low growl . sidney slide into the room . sidney hello Cuba . I be uncle sidney , come to see how you be . you wanna play ? you wanna little play ? he take a rubber ball out of he pocket and hold it up for the dog to see . sidney ( cont 'd ) fetch ! he toss the ball in the air . Cuba run after it and trot back , stumpy tail wag , the ball in its tooth . sidney ( cont 'd ) that 's it ! that 's it ! 54 . he stroke the dog . sidney ( cont 'd ) we be gonna be best pal be not we ? you be go to like I more than that prick maddox , be not you ? fetch ! he toss the ball again which promptly bounce off the wall straight out of the half open window . sidney ( cont 'd ) no ! Cuba be already run towards the window ... sidney 's yell slow and distort as we move to slow motion ... sidney spring forward , leaping onto the desk and then in one bound onto a filing cabinet by the window , send it rock slightly forward . Cuba , bound forward , jump into the air ... sidney just manage to slam the window shut as ... back in normal time ... Cuba bounce off the glass with a yelp and drop to the floor . sidney heave a sigh of relief . then a metal sculpture on the tilt filing cabinet slide forward and drop with a terminal thud on the dog below . silence . sidney stare down to the floor . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) Cuba ? 67 int . corridor - later 67 sidney stand at the lift hold a bulg bag . sidney ( wait for the lift ) c'mon ... c'mon ... alison walk past , see he and do a double-take . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( see she come ) shit , shit , shit ... 55 . alison that 's my bag . sidney I be just ... just borrow it . I will bring it straight back . alex what be you talk about ? give it back . she reach out to take the bag . sidney hold on desperately . alison stop it ! give I the ... she tug violently , pull the bag open . a small paw loll out . alison freeze stare at it . silence . alison ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) oh my God . sidney ( whispering ) it be a accident . alison oh my God . sidney I be just try to make friend . please do not tell she . please do not tell she . sophie mae ( o.s. ) ( calling ) Cuba ? Cuba ? startle , sidney dart into maddox 's office . 67a int . maddox be office - continuous 67a as footstep and voice approach sidney tug wildly at maddox 's window , try to open it . alison follow he in . alison what be you do ? you can not ...! he jerk the window open and empty Cuba out of it , slamm it shut just as Sophie , Eleanor and lawrence walk in . lawrence maddox alison , have you see Cuba ? 56 . alison ( bewildered ) w- what ? she dart a glance over to where sidney stand with he back to the window , gaze at she pleadingly . from behind he come a faint creak sound . eleanor johnson ( snapping ) Sophie 's dog ! have you see he ? sidney hang he head , await the coup de grace . alison uh...no . no idea . sidney stare at she in amazement . behind he Cuba 's body appear at the window , rise into view on a window washing platform . a window washer , stand at the other end of the cradle , bob he head to the music in he headphone . alison stare at the dog in horror while the other talk , oblivious . lawrence maddox do not worry , he could not have get very far . sophie mae ( wailing ) Cuba ? Cuba ! Cuba trundle on up to the sky . 68 int . clayton harding be office - day 68 Clayton stand at the window . he be drunk . there be a knock at the door and sidney walk in . sidney ( nervously ) Clayton ? have you get a minute ? Clayton light a cigarette , stare out of the window . sidney come in . clayton harding do they find that rat yet ? sidney no ... not yet . I think maybe he get out the building ? sidney hover . 57 . sidney ( cont 'd ) congratulation on the man of the Year thing . how be the lunch ? clayton harding I do not know . thousand dollar a plate , all I could taste be ass . I be kissing they ass , they be kissing my ass . ( beat ) I get this dream sometimes . someone 's set fire to the building - heywood - sharp magazine - the whole thing , it 's go up in flame . my analyst think it 's a anxiety dream . I never tell he how happy I be watch the fucker burn . sidney be not sure what to say . finally ... clayton harding ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? sidney take a deep breath . sidney I want to do a story on Vincent lepak . not a puff-piece . something funny , but with tooth . the kind of thing snipe would have do . everyone 's treat he like he 's a genius and he 's a idiot . Clayton notice the closet -door beside he and open it . he stare at the row of blue shirt hang in there . he take a armful out and examine they . clayton harding look at this thing . how would I get a closet full of blue fuck shirt ? sidney um ... I do not know . clayton harding I do not know either . this be a office for Christ 's sake ! why have I even get a fuck closet ? he drop the shirt . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) do it . sidney ( he can not believe it ) do it ? 58 . clayton harding fuck it . yeah . do it . he 's a annoying little prick . go take he down . this be you shot . sidney thanks Clayton ! clayton harding you be my little hit man . sidney ( beaming ) I be you little hit man ! clayton harding go do it ! sidney ( happily ) okay ! he scuttle out . he duck back around the door . sidney ( cont 'd ) you could call I the jackal ! clayton harding out . sidney ( happily ) okay ! he duck back out again . 69 int . tribeca grand HOTEL - night 69 sidney be wait in the lobby . a slightly space young woman approach he . assistant mister Young ? sidney yes ? assistant I be Sophie mae ' assistant . I be afraid Sophie be not here right now . sidney ( look past she ) look I know she 's in . I be not a stalker . I just know she 's upset about lose she dog and ... 59 . assistant ( firmly ) she be not here . sidney ( sighing ) well , can I at least check that she get my present ? assistant okay . do you send the flower ? sidney ( snorting derisively ) Flowers ? yeah , 'cos she do not get enough flower , do she ? no , I send she the fish . the Young woman look suddenly nervous . assistant oh. sidney gold-fish . in a bowl . do she get they ? assistant yes , but ... they be dead . sidney ( beat ) all of they ? assistant yeah . it be kinda shocking . be they dead when you send they ? sidney stare at she . sidney what ? no , they be ... who send people dead fish ? assistant ( beat ) the mafia ? 70 int . bar - evening 70 alison sit at the bar , stare at she notebook , a pen hold in she hand . a white russian sit on the bar beside she . sidney slide onto the stool beside she . she look up and see he be hold a glass bowl of water with three dead fish in it . 60 . alison my God , you be like a serial killer . sidney this be not I . ( beat ) I ... I laid he to rest . Cuba I mean . I take he over to ... alison ( quickly ) I do not want to know . alison check the door , look for someone , a little uncomfortable . sidney okay . ( beat ) well , I just ... I just want to say ... about not tell they ... I really appreciate it . it be good of you and , and ... you know ... not many people would , uh ... he stop , tongue-ty . alison take pity on he . alison it 's okay . sidney ( beat ) why do not you ? alison sigh . alison you do not need my help to screw up here , sidney . I mean , the only thing you make be mistake and stain . the barman arrive , stare at the bowl of fish disapprovingly . barman can I help you ? sidney ( follow he gaze ) just a couple of straw please . Stony -face , the barman walk off . despite herself , alison smile . sidney smile back . he notice alison 's notebook on the bar . sidney ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? how come you have always get the notebook ? be it a diary or something ? be I in it ? 61 . alison it 's ... it 's a novel I be work on , alright ? sidney wow . alison go ahead . I know . I be a walk cliché . sidney no - a novel , that 's ... that 's pretty impressive . you be write it by hand ? alison yeah , it ... I do not know . it keep it separate from the magazine work . make it seem special . he stare at she . sidney you be full of surprise , sister . suddenly he notice the White Russian beside they . sidney ( cont 'd ) so ... you wait for you boyfriend ? alison ( uncomfortable ) uh , yeah , so ... sidney what 's he do , the mystery guy ? be he a hack too ? alison ( beat ) actually he 's a poet . sidney really ? what 's he look like ? alison ( laughing ) what ? sidney just most poet you see be not really good - look , be they ? spend they time stick in a room , end up look like golem . be he ...? alison he 's very handsome , thank you . 62 . sidney ( gloomily ) right . alison you know what I do not understand ? you be desperate to get a story in the magazine - so why would not you play ball with Eleanor , write the puff-piece ? sidney I resent be bribe to gush sycophantically about a star , okay ? I choose to gush sycophantically . alison stare at sidney try to figure he out . sidney ( cont 'd ) it 's okay anyway . Clayton 's give I a story . I be on my way . alison ( smiling ) well , that 's good . sidney smile back at she . they look at each other ... it 's almost the start of a moment ... then suddenly on the tv above the bar , a movie trailer begin . distract sidney turn to watch - it 's Sophie mae ' new film - the suffragette - Sophie , a glamorous Emily pankhurst ... sidney look back to alison but she have turn away , suddenly awkward . sidney ( embarrassed ) okay , well ... better get go . ( leave ) you take my advice , you will get yourself a boyfriend who 's go to show up once in a while . he leave . beat . alison stare at the empty stool beside she . 71 int . meeting room - morning 71 Clayton be round up another staff meeting . sidney sit try to contain he excitement . clayton harding which make it ... a half page leave . lawrence ? any idea ? 63. lawrence maddox yeah . Rachel petkoff , fabulous sixty actress , one of my all time favourite . just make a wonderful movie call five borough . I think she 's poise for a come - back and I think we should get there first , do a profile . sidney stare at he in disbelief . he look over to alison who avoid he gaze . clayton harding sound good . let 's do it . okay that 's it people . sidney uh ... Clayton ? clayton harding what ? sidney do you read my story on Vincent lepak ? Clayton frown down at some papers , feign distraction . clayton harding what ? oh , yeah . that 's ... that 's not go to work . sidney can not believe it . Clayton get up to leave . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) oh , and for that who have not hear , alison be go to be run the I spy section from now on as lawrence here have just go up in the world . he be replace greg Roberts as deputy editor . lawrence smile modestly as the room applaud . sidney look like he be go to implode . 72 int . corridor - later 72 maddox pass sidney in the corridor . sidney glare after he . suddenly ... sidney Rachel petkoff ? one of you favourite actress ? you would never fuck hear of she ! that be my idea ! lawrence stop and turn back . 64 . lawrence maddox so it be . you have any more good idea do not forget to bring they to my new office . he be about to walk on but remember something . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) by the way , there have be complaint about you skulking around the water - cooler , try to talk to woman . it 's inappropriate behaviour . sidney ( livid ) what ? you spend half you life chat up the staff ! lawrence maddox when I do it it 's call flirt . when you do it it 's call sexual harassment . consider this a official warning . I will not tolerate sexist behaviour . he walk off . sidney glower after he . 73 int . lawrence maddox be office - day 73 lawrence be hold a meeting in he new office - half a dozen head of department sit around drink coffee . lawrence sit behind he desk , enjoy he new authority . lawrence maddox I know that be not greg 's way of work but greg be not deputy editor any more . I be , and I be make change . there be a knock at the door and sidney walk in with a attractive blonde woman in a long coat and dark glass . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) what ? sidney uh , lawrence ? this lady 's be look for you ? lawrence maddox ( to the woman ) can I help you ? woman be you lawrence maddox ? the new deputy editor ? 65 . lawrence maddox yes ? woman well , I have just come to say congratulation on you promotion . lawrence maddox ( mystified ) thank you . I be sorry , you be ...? woman I be you present . the woman produce a beat - box from behind she back and switch it on . she drop she coat to reveal underwear and stocking underneath . maddox stare in freeze horror as the stripper dance over to he , remove she bra . 74 int - ingrid be office - day 74 a very well - dress Middle - age woman knock on the door and enter . ingrid hey Mrs harding . two impeccably - dress Little Girls follow Mrs harding into the room . ingrid ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! so adorable ! mrs harding ( to the Little Girls ) and this be the fashion Department . [ to ingrid ] where 's Mr maddox now ? ingrid oh he 's down the hall . room 217 . 75 int . maddox be office - continuous 75 the staff be stare transfix as the stripper gyrate she breast , whirling nipple tassel . sidney ( with mock horror ) uh , lawrence ? this be ... this be sort of inappropriate be not it ? lawrence maddox ( horrified ) will you please ... 66 . his word be muffle by the bra the stripper drape over he face . gleefully , sidney dance in the background . he produce a camera and start to snap away . sidney oh God , this be ... this be awful ... 76 omitted 76 77 int . maddox be office - continuous 77 the stripper , who we suddenly realise be bob the transexual in a blonde wig , whip off he / she panty . there be a collective gasp from the room . sidney can not stop laugh . suddenly he notice everyone in the room be now stare at the door . he turn to see Mrs harding and she girl stand , shell - shocked , in the doorway . alarm , sidney side -step in towards bob. reverse - girl ' p.o.v Bob , impressive breast bare , stand stare back at we . sidney , in the absence of anything else to shield he with , be holding bob' penis . the rest of the staff stare at we , rabbit catch in headlight . after a beat lawrence peer around sidney , a rictus smile on he face . lawrence maddox hello , Mrs harding . Girls ... 78 int . outside clayton' office - later 78 sidney sit wait , obsessively clean he hand with a wet-wipe . through the glass partition we can see Clayton and Eleanor Johnson in the office . they be apparently discuss a mock - up of a new cover for sharp . after a moment Eleanor come out of the office and sweep past sidney without a glance . Clayton appear in the doorway . clayton harding ( to sidney ) get in . 79 int . clayton harding be office - moment later 79 sidney sit in front of Clayton . sidney I do not know it be take we daughter to work Day . I do not even know there be a take we daughter to work Day . 67 . clayton harding shut up . ( beat ) you know , when I tell my wife I would hire another Brit , she be excited . she still think you be all like something from pride and prejudice . but you sidney ... you be like a british person bear in New Jersey . ( shake he head ) why do I hire you ? sidney stare at he foot . suddenly ... sidney I do not know - why do you hire I ? clayton harding I have a attack of nostalgia . it 's pass . like gas . sidney what be wrong with my story ? clayton harding what ? sidney why do you kill my Vincent lepak story ? clayton harding it be not good enough . plain and simple . sidney it be not good enough ? clayton harding we do not do hatchet job here . sidney it be not a hatchet job ! clayton harding this open quotation - " it 's only too easy to catch people 's attention by do something worse than anyone else have dare do it before ... " who be you think of here ? Vincent or yourself ? sidney he 's a talentless , pretentious little twat who think cinema begin with tarantino and someone need to say it . and you tell I to do something with tooth ! you say ... 68 . clayton harding I be try to run a fuck magazine here ! sidney stare at he , angry and disappointed . sidney " a free press be the last defence against the tyranny of stupidity . " clayton harding ( irritate ) save I you tin - pot philosophy , okay ? sidney it be not mine . it 's yours . first issue of snipe . clayton harding ( furious ) oh , grow the fuck up , will ya ! you be not Robin Hood and you never be . you bitch about famous people for the same reason I bitched about they . because they get invite to the Party and you do not . well you be at the Party now so quit bitching and do you job ! you be on you last life here , you understand ? one more fuck up like today and you be go . sidney wo not you have to run a decision like that past Eleanor first ? for a second Clayton look like he might throw he ashtray at sidney . then he control himself . clayton harding ( sitting down ) get out . sidney cross to the door . sidney ( he can not help himself ) look like I be too late to save you after all . he walk out . 80 int . OPEN -plan office - day 80 sidney walk back through the magazine 's open plan area . CO - worker stop whatever they be do and watch he pass in silence . then , slowly , one of they begin to clap . 69 . someone else join in . then someone else . soon they be all clap . someone get up on they desk , then another ... sidney smile faintly then ... blink out of he day -dream . everyone around he be work as always , pay he no attention . 81 ext . clayton harding be house - the hamptons - day 81 we be tracking through Magazine staff , celebrity , politician and child as they mill about the lawn of the sprawling mansion , enjoy the fourth of July celebration which be in progress . Clayton greet guest - the perfect host . we find sidney , wear unfashionable short , sock and shoe . he be talk to alison . alison you hire a stripper ? sidney I do not " hire " he . Bob do it for a favour . alison I think you want to be a success here ? sidney I do ! it 's just ... ( ruefully ) it be not I . it be Clark . alison laugh . alison the famous alter-ego ? how long 's he be hang around ? sidney since I be a kid . anytime something get break , or the bathroom get accidentally set on fire - it be not I . it be Clark . ( beat . ) the weird thing be , he kind of take over . alison how old be you ? sidney I do not know , twenty , twenty one ... alison laugh . 70 . alison 'd ) well , let I tell you , if only you could get rid of that Clark , you could be a real winner . sidney ( depressed ) Clayton 's not go to print anything I write . I have be on salary for six - month and I have write precisely one hundred and seventy five word . on a dollar - per-word basis , I be the high pay writer in the history of this magazine . ( beat ) he 's not go to renew my contract . alison ( sigh ) what do you expect , sidney ? Vincent 's one of Eleanor 's client . I tell you . they be untouchable . sidney I think Clayton be different . I really do . ( beat ) the only thing I be good at be pissing people off , and he will not let I do it . ( beat ) " my glory walk hand in hand with my doom . " ( off she look ) Troy alison Troy who ? sidney Troy , the movie . he stare around he at the other guest . sidney ( cont 'd ) everybody hate I here . you be the only one who will talk to I . alison you cornere I . sidney ( a little embarrassed ) no , I mean it . you be the person who 's be most , you know ... uh ... abusive to I . alison laugh again . they smile at each other . sidney ( cont 'd ) you want another drink ? 71 . alison ( beat , smile ) alright . I will have a beer . sidney walk off . 82 ext . bar - day 82 sidney be get a drink at the bar that have be set up in the grounds . suddenly he stiffen , watch as Sophie mae , look spectacular , walk over to where maddox and he circle be talk nearby . lawrence maddox Sophie , my darling . look ravish as always . whilst the two be engage in kissing cheek , sidney take a credit card from he wallet and drop it surreptitiously by Sophie 's foot . journalist ( to maddox ) you know what I read the other day ? you collection of poem - the hollow heart ? man , they be great . sidney react to this , feel troubled for some reason . sophie mae you write poem ? lawrence maddox in another life . the barman be hand out drink . barman and a White Russian ? lawrence maddox right here . sidney stare at the drink , feel like he 's just be punch in the stomach . maddox notice he . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) well , well , if it be not sidalee . maddox notice the card at Sophie 's foot . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) ( pick it up ) what 's this ? " hon Young " . sidney that 's ... that 's mine . 72 . lawrence maddox but you name 's not " hon " . sidney ( reach for it ) it 's short for " honourable " . lawrence ( whisk it away ) as in , " the honourable sidney Young " ? sidney can I please ...? lawrence ( hold it out of sidney' reach ) so how come it say " hon Young " ? they make you sound like some Korean medical student . the people gather around laugh . sidney they screw it up . please . lawrence sidney baby , you do not wanna go fake a british title to impress Sophie . it 's the fourth of July . ( handing back the card ) : we be celebrate the fact that we throw a bunch of british aristocrat out . sidney smile tightly . suddenly ... sidney why do not you shut up , maddox ? beat . the other look to maddox to see how he will react . maddox smile dangerously . lawrence maddox careful sidney . remember - if it be not for we you would all be speak german . sidney you be canadian . if it be not for we you would be speak french . Sophie giggle . maddox do not like this but before he can answer sidney walk off . 73. 83 int . house - bathroom - day 83 alison be about to walk into the bathroom when she hear the sound of muffle sobbing and stop . she peer through the slightly open door . her p.o.v - Elizabeth maddox stand at the mirror , stare at she reflection . for once she be not wear she dark glass and we can see she eye be red raw from cry . 84 a little later 84 Elizabeth walk out of the bathroom , dark glass back in place , she face a mask once more . she walk off . alison slip out from a nearby room and watch she go , miserable with guilt . 85 ext . house - later 85 sidney be stare over to where alison and maddox be stand by some tree , deep in conversation . maddox be toss nut into the air and catch they in he mouth . sidney ( mutter to himself ) choke . choke . he put he finger to he temple as if to channel telekinetic power . sidney ( cont 'd ) choke ...choke ... sidney realize harding 's wife be pass with she two daughter . sidney ( cont 'd ) hello , Mrs harding . Lovely party . with a look of alarm she shepherd the girl away . a tall older man dress in white with a long white beard appear next to sidney . older man how be you ? sidney nod gloomily . older man ( cont 'd ) have anyone ever tell you before that you have a unusually dark aura ? sidney yup . 74 . older man you should walk with bare foot as much as possible , ground all that negative energy . sidney examine he . sidney so ... you be a wizard or ...? older man I be a spiritual healer . sidney you can make a live do that ? older man oh God no . I be a dentist . they stare at the party for a moment . older man ( cont 'd ) you want to do some coke ? sidney um ...no , thanks . 86 later 86 Rachel petkoff stand talk to some other guest . sidney notice she and walk over . sidney hey ! hello again ? Rachel smile at he distantly , clearly not remember he . rachel hello . ( turn back to the other ) no , lawrence be a wonderful writer . I really feel like he get to the heart of I . sidney snort . Rachel turn back to he , faintly irritate . rachel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , have we ...? sidney sidney . sidney Young . we meet at ... another guest walk past sidney and kiss Rachel . guest I see five borough the other day and wept ! 75 . sidney hover for a moment , ignore , and then walk away . 87 later 87 dusk . the guest have gather on the lawn to watch the firework . there be ooh and aah as the rocket light up the sky . suddenly ... sidney ( o.s. ) in -ger-lernd ! puzzle the guest turn to where a drunk sidney be stand on the balustrade of the porch of the house . sidney ( cont 'd ) in -ger-lernd ! in-ger-lerrrrrrnd ! he spot hugh grant amongst the crowd , watch he , puzzle . sidney ( cont 'd ) you ! grant ! come on ! in - ger - lerrrr ... with that he slip from the balustrade and crash into the shrubbery below . 88 later 88 sidney limp through the tree , dabbing at a scratch on he face . he pass alison who be sit on a tree-sw , lose in think , swigging absently from a bottle of wine . alison you okay ? sidney what ? alison I say be you okay ? sidney I be fine . yup. fine. ( beat ) you ? alison yup. ( beat ) no , actually . I hate my life so , you know , I be gonna get drunk . sidney nod , vaguely . they stand in awkward silence for a moment . then ... sidney right ... see you ... he walk off . beat . he walk back into frame suddenly . 76 . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( furious ) how could you ? alison ( startled ) what ? sidney how the ... you ... have a affair with maddox ! I mean ... maddox for Christ 's sake ! the man with Hidden shallow ! Jesus ! I mean , I use to think you be ... I be start to ... I mean , at first I think you be a pain but then I start to think ... but I mean ... maddox ? how can you live with yourself ? alison stare at he , pale , blink back tear . alison ( quietly ) I could not . that 's why I have break up with he . sidney well , that 's no ... that 's , you know ... ( beat ) you break up with he ? alison walk off . beat . she walk back . alison which leg do you hurt ? sidney ( pointing ) this one . alison kick the leg . sidney ( cont 'd ) ow ! she walk off again . 89 ext . pool - evening 89 sidney lie beside the pool stare darkly into the water and nursing the beginning of a hangover . we hear faint music and laughter from where the party continue in the house behind . he notice the reflection of the starry sky in the water and reach out gloomily to hold one of the star . the reflection dissolves into ripple . when the water settles Sophie mae reflection stare back at he . 77 . she 's drunk and a good deal of the movie star mystique seem to have evaporate . sophie mae you know what ? there 's something very damage about you . sidney stare at she , not sure what to say . sidney huh ... Sophie lie down beside the pool , play with a strand of she hair . sophie mae like a animal that 's be hit by a car or something . like a deer or ... like a pig maybe ? when they walk funny and the other animal keep away from they . Little limpy pig . I be draw to sick animal . that 's why I pick Cuba - because he have like psychological problem ? ( her eye well with tear ) poor little Cuba . where be he now ? sidney ( beat ) huh ... she wipe she eye , roll onto she back . sophie mae Jesus , I be waste . be you waste ? I be waste . sidney watch she . sidney congratulation on become incredibly famous by the way . sophie mae thanks . sidney ( beat ) what 's it like ? sophie mae what 's what like ? sidney everything . she roll she head to look at he solemnly . 78 . sophie mae weird . it 's happen so fast and ... it 's like it 's get nothing to do with I . it 's like I be not even really here . she laugh softly . sophie mae ( cont 'd ) be I here ? sidney you be here . she turn back to look at the star . sophie mae I be so hungry . sidney would you ... would you like I to get you some food ? sophie mae be you crazy ? there might still be a photographer around . they lie in silence for a moment . sophie mae ( cont 'd ) ( dreamily ) you know what would be nice though ? some coke . she rub she face , close to fall asleep . sophie mae ( cont 'd ) probably just as well I have not get any . Coke always make I so horny . sidney open he mouth but can not speak . 90 sidney running desperately ... 90 ... through the group of people chat outside the house . sidney ( out of breath ) wizard ! wizard dentist man ! need wizard dentist man! 91 drive 91 sidney have virtually drag the dentist out of he car . he be hand sidney a wrap . 79 . sidney I will never , never , never forget this . thank you ! he start to hurry away . 92 outside house 92 alison be weaving unsteadily towards the driveway . sidney hurry past then slow and stop , stare back at she . 93 alison' car 93 alison stand root in she purse for a tip to give the valet man who be hold open the door of she car for she , the engine run . sidney what be you do ? alison none of you business ... sidney you can not drive . you need to go and sleep this off somewhere . alison firstly , you be a stupid asshole and I hate you and secondly ... secondly ... she muse on what she be go to say next . sidney look over he shoulder , imagine Sophie wait for he . alison ( cont 'd ) secondly ... sidney yeah , okay . listen , you try drive in this state you be gonna kill yourself . alison who would care if I do ? beat . suddenly she burst into tear . surprise , sidney stand , uncertain what to do . alison ( cont 'd ) ( swaying forward ) I have get to go . get to go . sidney hold she to stop she fall . he stare back at the pool and then down at alison . 80 . 94 int . alison be car - drive - night 94 sidney be drive . alison be still drunk . alison ( slurring ) I think I have it all figure out . a - get the hell out of Port huron , come to New York . B - do the serious journalism thing to pay the bill while I , you know , write the novel . c- win a pulitzer . e... sidney D. alison D - I do not know what D be . then I take the internship at sharp and I meet maddox and he be ... he be so ... and before I know it I be write , you know , ten tip for the fuck metrosexual and pretend this be what I want but this isn 't what I want ! and that 's ... that 's why I hate you ... sidney I do not know you hate I . alison ( oblivious ) ... because you be right about I . I be a ghoul , write fluff ! sidney you be not a ghoul . you be a Zombie . alison lean she head against the window . alison but he be not the person you think he be , okay ? maddox . that 's just a front . he think he 's let himself down by give up the poetry and he 's unhappy . and the marriage be a sham , I mean ... I just ... I could not end it . I just could not and ... sidney ( can not take anymore ) look , I do not need to hear this . alison ( stung ) Fine . 81 . she begin to root through she bag . alison ( cont 'd ) need a cigarette . where be my fuck cigarettes ? sidney you do not smoke . alison oh yeah . she look at she reflection in the window . alison ( cont 'd ) do you think I have low self - esteem ? be I afraid of a real relationship ? do I think a affair be all I deserve ? I mean , okay , he 's handsome and successful and he 's great in bed ... sidney ( irritate ) could you just be quiet ? he realise she have start to cry . alison when I tell he I could not see he any more ... I do not know if he care . I love he and , and I do not know if he care ! sidney watch , move . sidney ( reluctantly ) well , I be ... I be sure he do . he 's probably just not very good at express he emotion . alison ( sobbing ) I be so fuck sophisticated ! I mean there 's not even a little bit of Port huron leave , right ? I have get the haircut and the job and I have get the party and I have even , I have even get the affair because that 's what sophisticated fuck people do ! sidney alright . alright . do not , you know , get snot everywhere ... alison oh g-god ... 82. sidney what ? alison lurch down out of sight and be sick on sidney 's short . 95 int . car - later 95 sidney be drive through Manhattan , the window down . alison be asleep . sidney alison ? what 's you address ? ( beat . shake she ) alison ? alison snore loudly . sidney sigh . 96 int . sidney' apartment - night 96 sidney stagger up the stair carry alison over he shoulder . alison be moan . sidney ( hissing ) shut up will you ? you will wake the old witch up . he stop suddenly and turn . Mrs kowalski glower at he from the doorway . sidney freeze - a sickly smile on he face . sidney ( cont 'd ) do ... do we wake you ? alison ( suddenly wailing drunkenly ) oh GOD ! i'm a whore ! i'm a whore ! a elderly man appear behind Mrs kowalski stare at sidney . Long beat . sidney ( numbly ) hello dad . 97 int . sidney' apartment - kitchen - night 97 sidney , Mrs kowalski and sidney 's father - richard young - sit drink coffee . Richard have a absent -mind air , wear a somewhat shabby jacket . sidney seem to have almost physically shrink in the presence of he father . some music be play in the next room . alison dance drunkenly past the doorway , wear sidney 's jacket . 83. alison ( as she go by ) Love this song ... the three stare after she . sidney cough . sidney she , uh , she be not actually a prostitute . richard young ( mildly ) oh good . alison dance back into the room . alison sooo , sidney 's dad . good to meet you . I be alison . I be from Port huron . ( to Mrs kowalski ) and you must be sidney 's mom ? mrs kowalski ( shocked ) no I be not ! alison oh , okay . my dad marry again too , so that 's cool . ( to Richard ) you wanna dance ? richard young ( kindly ) no thank you . alison okay . where be my cigarettes ? ( feel in the pocket of the jacket ) what be that ? she produce the wrap of coke that the elderly man have give sidney . alison ( cont 'd ) oh , hey , be that ....? she stop herself . everyone stare at the wrap . richard young I think it be probably cocaine . sidney close he eye . sidney it be not actually for I . I be go to give it to this young actress ... he realise this be not help and trail off . 84 . alison ( oblivious ) so , hey , visit you boy . that 's nice . you must be pretty proud of he , huh ? sidney ( dying ) I think you should lie down alison . alison he 's do just great at the magazine . alison ruffle sidney 's hair clumsily . alison ( cont 'd ) first we all think he be kinda creepy because he be always hang around the water - cooler , hit on woman ... sidney really alison , I think ... alison but I think that be pretty much a act . so , mister sidney , whatcha do here ? richard young ( smiling ) please , call I Richard . I have write a little book so I be do a few talk . alison a book ! hey - I be write a book . what 's yours about ? do not tell I - it 's a thriller , right ? richard young ( laughing ) no , nothing so interesting I be afraid . I be a philosopher . alison ( surprised ) philosophy ? really ? have you write any ... alison stop dance , stare at he , something occur to she . alison ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... Richard ? r.c. Young ? you be r.c Young ? ( to sidney ) you ... you do not say ... sidney avoid she eye . 85 . richard young ( to sidney ) I would love to hear what you think of the book if you have time to read it . alison snort with laughter . alison what would sidney know about philosophy ? richard young well , he do have a Masters in the subject . alison stare at sidney . she break into a snort laugh again . alison you be shitting I ! sidney ? he ...he like con Air ! she stop laugh , hit by a sudden wave of nausea . alison ( cont 'd ) I ... I do not feel very well . Mrs kowalski stand up . mrs kowalski come on . it be time you go to bed . ( to sidney ) you can sleep on the couch . alison okay . better go before I find out something else I do not know about sidney . Mrs kowalski turn to Richard . mrs kowalski it be a pleasure to meet you Lord Young . alison stare at sidney who smile weakly . 98 later 98 Richard and sidney sit alone . sidney you should have say you be come . 86 . richard young ( wryly ) that would have require you answer one of my call . sidney I have be pretty busy . richard young which remind I , I be talk to a publisher friend of mine the other day . he mention that they be plan a series of introductory text on philosopher . I wonder if you would be interested ? sidney ( annoyed ) I have a job , dad . richard young of course , of course . I pick up a copy of you magazine at the airport . sidney stiffen a little . richard young ( cont 'd ) most enjoyable . ( beat ) I particularly like the young Hollywood actress who say she would like to start she theatre career " somewhere small , like London or England . " sidney ( irritate ) why have you always get to do this ? it 's ... it 's ... richard young it be just a joke sidney ... sidney actually it 's not . because you be say that what I do for a live be worthless and ... richard young I do not think it 's worthless . I just think , in you heart , you know you could do more with you life than ... sidney ( angry ) more ? sharp be one of the most respected magazine in the world . there 's a million hack who would kill to be where I be now . ( more ) 87 . sidney ( cont 'd ) you know who I interview recently ? Nathan Lane . richard young I do not know who ... sidney I know you do not know who that be ! you do not know who anyone be ! you think Brad Pitt be a cave in Yorkshire ! but most people do know who they be , okay ? and most people would not think that a journalist who get to mix with star like that be a , a disappointment ! richard young ( pained ) I do not think you be a disappointment sidney . I have never think that . silence . Richard stand and pick up he coat . richard young ( cont 'd ) ( sadly ) I be sorry . I do not mean to upset you . sidney watch he father , struggle with himself . sidney ( quietly ) thing have not really be that great . I do not know what it be . ( beat ) I be not ... get ahead . Richard stop , turn back to he son . beat . richard young ( gently ) if you be not happy ... sidney no. I be fine . I know I can make it . richard young Einstein say " try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . " sidney do not answer . richard young ( cont 'd ) the young lady next door ... alison ? she would not have anything to do with you desire to stay would she ? 88. sidney what ? no . we be just friend . richard young ( smiling ) I see the way you look at she . sidney consider this , know it 's true . sidney she do not feel that way about I . New York woman do not date loser . richard young ( smiling ) I suppose not . but alison be from Port huron , be not she ? sidney stare at he . 99 bedroom - later 99 sidney peer into the room to check alison be okay . she lie asleep on the bed , moonlight bathing she face . she look beautiful . sidney stand stare at she for a moment and then tip-to back out of the room . 100 kitchen - later 100 sidney be cooking , hum , happy that alison be here . alison walk in , feel dreadful . alison I do not remember very much but I be so , so sorry . I will get myself together and get go ... sidney why ? no , you be all right . it 's ... it 's nice to have the company . alison ( remembering ) oh God ... you father . and that woman . sidney Mrs kowalski ? do not worry about it . the last woman she catch I with have a penis , so you know ... you be a big step up . alison thanks . 89 . she notice a black and white photograph of a glamorous woman on the shelf . we recognise she as the woman on the tv at the beginning of the film . alison ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? sidney ( beat ) that 's my mother . alison no way ! sidney yeah , I do not take after she ... alison be she a model ? sidney actress . alison wow. movie ? sidney some . british , small part ... alison be she ... sidney no , she die when I be young . without think he fiddle with the ring on he finger . alison must have be pretty cool have you mom in the movie . sidney yeah , I suppose . I use to see she on the tv every now and then when I be grow up . sort of weird . he carry the plate over to she . sidney ( cont 'd ) here we go ! English fry-up . perfect hangover cure . sidney put a plate of bacon , egg and sausage in front of she . alison stare at it , go green . suddenly she dart from the room . 90 . 101 live room - later 101 sidney be tidy . he upset alison 's bag from the couch and its content spill onto the floor - the notebook be amongst they . sidney stare at it , hesitates and then , unable to resist , open it up and start to read . alison walk into the room . sidney look up guiltily . sidney sorry , I be just ...uh ... ( he can not think of a excuse ) ... root through you private possession ... alison sit on the couch , feel too ill to be annoyed . sidney ( cont 'd ) I like the open . alison you do ? sidney I do . can I read the rest of it ? believe it or not , I be a pretty good editor . alison I do not know . I do not even know if I be go to bother finish it . sidney " keep true to the dream of thy youth . " alison examine he through narrow eye . alison be that from Troy again ? sidney schiller . she put she thing back in she bag . alison I will jump in the shower and then I really will get out of you hair . sidney watch , not want she to go . sidney oh , I forget ... I get you a present . 91 . he hand she a bag . surprise she open it and take out a record . it 's the nino rota sound - track to La dolce vita . sidney ( cont 'd ) I be just walk past this music shop on the corner and I see it . I think it might cheer you up . alison be deeply touch . alison that 's ... I do not know what to say . ( beat ) I have not get a turntable . sidney oh. ( beat ) well , you can always come here to listen to it . sidney take the record and put it on the turntable in the corner of the room . he select the finale music - it 's funny and sad , glamorous and romantic ... they listen to it for a moment . sidney start to dance a little . he cha-cha 's over to she and hold out he hand . alison be you kid ? I could throw up on you again . sidney c'mon ... alison reluctantly get up . they dance ironically . alison laugh a little . gradually they get more into it , enjoy the music - a man in short and a woman in pyjamas , cha-cha-chaing , a summer breeze wafting in the through the open window behind he ... dissolve to : 102 int . I spy area - day 102 some week later . alison sit at she desk , try to work . she look up and catch maddox watch she with soulful eye from across the room . she look quickly away , unsettle . sidney sit at he desk surreptitiously watch she , smitten . 92 . 103 int . break room - day 103 Autumn . rain lash against the window . alison drink coffee . ingrid and Anna be examine a rack of clothes behind she . ingrid be hold up a dress . ingrid hey , Alice ? versace . you like ? alison I be good , thanks . ingrid honey , everyone need to change they look every now and then . especially if they have a new man in they life . alison ( embarrassed ) what be you talk about ? 104 corridor outside room 104 sidney be just about to enter the room . ingrid ( o.s. ) well , that English guy be always hang around you this day , right ? sidney freeze , listen . 105 break room 105 alison blushes fiercely . anna ( laughing ) tell I it be not so . alison ( annoyed ) of course not . anna thank God . can you imagine ? he 's such a creep . 106 corridor outside room 106 sidney listen sadly to the woman laugh inside . 93. 107 break room 107 alison stare at the fashionistas , annoyed by this . oblivious , Anna hold up some trousers against herself . anna this be gorgeous , but I be just too fat . ingrid oh do not be crazy ! Alice ? be Anna fat ? alison ( bright ) not at all . why , she 's so thin I could just take she little spindly body and snap it over my knee like a dry fuck twig . anna ( automatically ) thanks . alison oh , and for you information sidney Young have get more go for he than most of the man in this town . she get up to leave , the other gaw after she . 108 corridor outside room 108 sidney give a slow smile of wonder - she like he ! suddenly he realise alison be about to walk out the door and catch he listen . panick he open the nearest door and run in , fall straight down a short flight of stair and out of sight . alison walk out of the room and away , oblivious . 109 int . sidney' flat - evening 109 e.c.u - on sidney , stare at we . sidney hey alison , I be wonder if you want to ... ( beat . start again ) hello there . listen I be wonder if you want to see a movie or ... a meal ...or ... ( beat , start again . ) alison . you wanna go on a date ? we see he be stare at he reflection in a mirror . he slip in a pair of plastic fang and smile toothily . 94 . 110 club - moment later 110 the sharp halloween ball be in full swing - guest dance in fancy dress . sidney , dress as dracula , thread through the crowd . he spot alison on the other side of the room , dress as cat woman . he start to make he way towards she , a little nervous . he pass eleanor johnson and vincent lepak . Vincent wear all black and he shade . sidney I like you costume Vincent . vincent I be not wear a costume . sidney oh. they walk on . vincent ( muttering ) idiot . sidney ( muttering ) wanker . sidney continue through the crowd to alison . he put he dracula teeth in . sidney ( cont 'd ) have not we meet somewhere before ? alison that 's why I do not go there any more . they smile , but alison seem a little nervous . alison ( cont 'd ) I have be look for you actually . there 's , uh , there 's something I need to ... sidney ( mumbling through he teeth ) I first . listen I be wonder if you want to go to the movie or maybe for a , uh .... alison ( interrupting ) what ? I can not understand what you be say . 95 . sidney pull the plastic fang out . sidney sorry . I be just say ... maddox appear and give alison a glass of champagne . he kiss she . lawrence maddox back in a minute . he walk off again . sidney stare dumbly after he . alison ( embarrassed ) I want to tell you . lawrence have leave he wife . we be go to be together . officially . she watch for sidney 's reaction . sidney ( dying ) well ... that 's ... that 's brilliant . alison yeah , so ... maybe he do care after all , right ? sidney yup . they stand in a awkward silence , watch the party . 111 int . washroom - later 111 a deject sidney stand wash he hand . maddox walk in behind he . lawrence maddox hello sidney . someone say you would come as a Count but I think I would misheard . sidney do not answer , turn to leave . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) so alison tell you we be get together right ? sidney ( tight ) yeah . lawrence maddox yeah . should have do it long ago but , you know I - just not very good at express my emotion . right ? 96 . he watch sidney 's reaction , smirk . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) you must be happy for she , what with you be friend ... sidney blushes . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) oh sidalee ... I think as much . do you really think you and alison ...? thing really have not work out too well for you here , have they ? ah , well . you give it you best shot . he walk out . sidney stare after he , burn . 112 ext . outside club - night 112 rain pour down . Eleanor and Vincent climb into a limousine and close the door . sidney run up . sidney wait ! Eleanor wait ! the window glide down . eleanor johnson yes ? sidney let I do the profile on Vincent . eleanor johnson ( amuse ) I do not think so . the window begin to slide up . sidney hang onto it . sidney you get full copy approval . it will be like you have write it ! the window stop . Eleanor stare at he , consider . sidney look past she to Vincent . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( determine ) Vincent - think about it , think how humiliate it will be for I . I be begging you . Vincent lean over , stare over he shade at sidney . 97 . vincent ( beat , enjoy this ) you do not look like you be begging . beat . sidney kneel down on the side - walk beside the limousine . the rain pour down on he . the limousine drive away . sidney stare dumbly up at something across the street . reverse on the building across the street be a enormous animated billboard l'oreal advertisement - sophie mae , in a gold ball - gown and make - up , hair coiffure in classic forty Hollywood style . as we watch she blows US a kiss . underneath be the slogan - I be here ... 113 int . clayton harding be office - day 113 sidney sit in front of Clayton . clayton harding lawrence maddox be no longer work for sharp . seem Elizabeth get sick of he screwing around and kick he out . sidney she kick he out ? clayton harding ( ignoring this ) Richard heywood do not seem to like the idea of employ a ex - son -in -law . so he 's go . so 's alison Olsen . sidney stare at he . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) do not worry about maddox . he 's already line up something with gotham Magazine . I be gonna need someone to hold the fort at I spy . strictly on a temporary basis , you understand ? one more thing . Eleanor Johnson ring this morning , wonder if you would like to write a profile on Vincent lepak . sidney stare at he . clayton harding ( cont 'd ) I do not know how you do it but somehow you have make it into the next room . 98 . we hear the open of pretty vacant by the sex pistol as we ... 114 montage 114 115 int . restaurant - day 115 as the song continue we see sidney interview Vincent , complete with shade . 116 int . studio - day 116 Vincent be wear a crown , be photograph on a throne . sidney and Eleanor be watch . 117 int . eleanor's office - day 117 Eleanor be go through sidney 's copy , crossing line out with a red pen . sidney watch . 118 int . sharp magazine - office - day 118 sidney , Eleanor and a photo-editor be look at the photo from the shoot . Eleanor be point out a blemish on Vincent 's face . 119 computer screen - vincent's face in close up 119 ... as we watch the blemish disappear . 120 ext . news stand - day 120 sidney busy a copy of sharp and flick through it until he find what he 's look for - a four page feature entitle Vincent lepak - Long live the King . he stare at he byline at the top of the feature . 120a ext . apartment build - day 120a a elegant apartment building . 120b int . apartment - day 120b sidney be be show around a chic apartment by a realtor . 99 . 121 int . meeting room - day 121 sidney be amongst the room full of writer and editor , pitching to Clayton who nod approval and pass on to the next item . 122 int . club - evening 122 sidney and Eleanor be talk with a actor . sidney be wear a smart suit , fawn in a suitably restrain manner . 123 int . penthouse apartment - day 123 sidney be interview the actor , laugh sycophantically at something he have just say . 124 int . office - day 124 sidney sit at he desk , look very much the part now in another expensive suit , talk on the phone . his desk be crowded with muffin basket . a courier be hand over a gift -wrapped BOX to he . sidney open the box to reveal a rolex sea -dweller 4000 watch . sidney stare at the watch . 125 int . movie premiere - evening 125 sidney be drink champagne amongst the glitterati , talk to a producer . Simon cowell walk past and high - fives he . sidney throw back he head , laugh at something the producer say . 126 int . sauna - day 126 sidney sit in the steam room , wrap in a towel , sweat . slowly the steam envelop he until he have disappear . end of montage 127 int . restaurant - evening 127 close on sidney' photograph - look as cool as he can . alison sit alone read sharp , stare at sidney 's photo in the " Notes on contributor " page . she smile , then glance up , she smile fade . maddox be walk towards she , drunk and sour face . lawrence maddox ( notice the magazine ) well , well ... little sidalee . I feel like a proud papa . ( more ) 100 . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) listen , I can not stay . Anderson want I to go to some photographer exhibition . hot new talent blah , blah ... alison right . ( beat ) how hot be she ? lawrence maddox who ? alison the new talent ? lawrence maddox do you think you could drop the little wife routine ? it 's kind of in bad taste . alison stare at he sadly alison I guess you be right . ( quietly ) what go around come around . maddox be about to say something but change he mind . lawrence maddox I will see you back home . he be about to leave when he notice alison 's notebook on the table . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) ( irritate ) and will you stop carry that thing around with you ? it 's kind of embarrassing . he walk off . 128 int . bar - evening 128 sidney be with Eleanor and Sophie , who now look every inch the movie star . eleanor johnson Sophie 's go to get a Golden Globe nomination for best actress . sidney wow . that 's fantastic . ( beat ) but ... the nomination have not be announce yet ? 101 . eleanor johnson that be correct so we have absolutely no way of know whether or not she will be nominate . ( beat ) so , if she be nominate we want sharp to do a feature . someone to cover the whole lead up , unrestricted access , the trajectory , the building of this unique brand . sophie mae I be go to have a logo . eleanor johnson here 's the deal . Sophie want you to do it . sidney stare at she and then at Sophie , stunne . sophie mae ( pleasantly ) you can be my bitch . eleanor johnson merry Christmas , sidney . this be a cover story . I think a little celebration be in order . 129 ext . outside circle club - night 129 snow fall . sidney climb out of a limousine with Eleanor and Sophie . the woman breeze past the doorman and into the club . sidney hesitates on the thresh -hold , stare up at the sign above he as if it 's a magic portal . sidney walk in . 130 int . circle club - later 130 a surprisingly small , ultra a-list club , chic and ironic Christmas decoration . sidney walk past celebrity and beautiful people . he 's arrive . 131 int . circle club - night 131 sidney stand with Kevin Bacon play six degree of Kevin Bacon . people stand around watch . kevin bacon okay , uh ... Clark gable . go! 102 . sidney Clark gable to vivien leigh ( go with the wind ) , vivien leigh to marlon brando ( Street car name desire ) , marlon brando to Robert deniro ( the score ) Robert De niro to Kevin Bacon ( sleepers ) ! the crowd cheer . 131a int . circle club - powder room 131a a very drunk sidney stand in a toilet cubicle with a young actress do coke . actress sexiest philosopher ? sidney uh , tricky , but I be gonna say nietzsche . huge moustache . the Tom selleck of nihilism . actress um ... most evil philosopher . sidney okay . good . evil genius philosopher ... Hobbes , proto - Nazi , heidegger - actual Nazi , hegel - twat . basically you h 's ... actress most Hollywood philosopher ? sidney uh ... Bishop berkely . actress what would he say ? sidney esse est percipi . first actress what do that mean ? sidney if they `aint look at you , you do not really exist . actress ( wearily ) oh honey , tell I something I do not know ... sidney stoops and snort a line of coke . 103 . 132 circle bar - night 132 sidney , giddy on champagne , coke and success be dance with Sophie . he 's at the centre of the world . 133 int . sidney' apartment - morning 133 the doorbell ring . sidney wear a silk dress gown wander through the room from the bedroom and open the door . alison stand outside , smile at he . alison hey . sidney ( thrown ) hey . alison Nice robe . sidney thanks . it be a gift . Ralph lauren . alison who from ? sidney Ralph lauren . I do a piece . beat . he still have not invite she in . alison I just want to say I hear about you get the promotion . congratulation . I be happy for you . sidney thanks . how 's thing with you and ... alison ( quickly ) good . Fine . everything 's ...uh ... I be work for this little literary magazine . it 's not the New Yorker but ... ( awkward ) so , I have leave you a bunch of message ... sidney yeah . I have be pretty busy . 104 . alison I think so . alison stand awkwardly for a moment , smile , then turn to go . alison ( cont 'd ) okay , well ... sidney ( quickly ) how 's the novel come along ? alison ( laughing ) oh , well ... still work on it . sidney well ... keep at it . I believe in you . alison smile , touch . sidney ( cont 'd ) I never give you this . he take some papers from a shelf and hand they to she . alison look at they - the be title " Notes on alison 's novel . " there 's a lot of they . she laugh . alison you know ... woman' voice sidney ? alison look past sidney to the bedroom door where ingrid the fashionista stand in she underwear . ingrid ( a little wave ) hey , Alice . sidney look at she and back at alison . he give a little laugh . sidney ( half joke , half meaning it ) how do it all go so wrong ? alison smile , give a little wave and walk away - before he can see how upset she be . fade out . fade in : 105 . 134 ext . LA - beverly hill HOTEL - day 134 Sophie and she entourage , include sidney and Eleanor , climb out of a line of limousine and walk into the Hotel . sidney stand for a moment , look around he . Hollywood . he 's finally here . we hear the open of virgina plain by roxy Music . 135 ext . beverly hill HOTEL - night 135 we be swoop in towards the hotel and a enormous billboard advertisement for Sophie 's new film - in pre - production . it 's a re-make of sing in the rain - with russel crowe . we boom down from Sophie 's fifteen foot laugh face to find sidney stand on a slim ledge outside he hotel window . he be drunk and wear only he underwear . he be also yell with fear . the window behind he be crowded with people shriek with laughter . gingerly he edge back to the window and climb back into ... 136 HOTEL suite 136 it 's a wild party . Music be blaring , people be dance , drink , laugh . sophie mae you do not do it ! sidney High . sophie mae you let I down ! sidney too high ! you could not do it . too high . Sophie calmly unzip she dress and step out of it , stand in she underwear . there be applause from the on - looker . calmly she step out of the window onto the ledge and disappear from sight . the on-looker crane out of the window , yell encouragement . after a moment Sophie appear at another window further along the wall and climb back into the room to ecstatic applause . she stare imperiously at sidney . 106 . sophie mae what be you ? sidney you limpy pig . sophie mae what ? sidney I be you limpy pig ! sophie mae that 's right ! okay , limpy pig . you need to pay a forfeit . whatcha get ? sidney I have get my little limpy dance . sidney dance a little , jiggling up and down . sophie mae ( suddenly ) give I you ring . sidney stop dance , he smile fade a little . sidney I ... I can not ... sophie mae give I the ring . I want it . sidney I can not . Sophie stare at he through narrow eye . sophie mae okay , give I the ring and if I win tomorrow , I will let you have sex with I . the on-looker shriek with delight . sidney stare at she . he look past she to he reflection in the window - a drunk man in he underwear , sway from side to side ... 137 int . HOTEL room - night 137 sidney be back in he own room , alone , a mess . he sit on the floor chopping line of coke on the coffee table . he stare groggily at the space on he finger where he ring use to be . 107 . sidney ( mutter to himself ) you be a star . you be a big , bright shine star ... he snort a line and , lean back , flick blankly through tv channel - a sport programme , a news station , a sit-com re-run ... he snort another line , flick station - more sport , a music video , a black and white movie ... sidney stop , stare at the screen ... tv screen - we be watch the fifty british movie we see at the beginning of the film . sidney 's mother be type at the desk in the background . she get up from the desk and walk into another office . sidney stare , freeze . sidney 's mother pass the lead actress who be stare out of the window , smoking . she stare at she sympathetically . sidney' mother ( celia Johnson accent ) do not worry Mary ... you will meet he one day . lead actress ( smiling sadly ) how will I know when I do ? sidney' mother oh , when you meet the one , you ' will know ... she walk on . sidney stare at the screen . 138 ext . beverly hilton - evening 138 a conveyor belt of limousine arrive outside the Hilton . rain fall . celebrity wave to the watch crowd as they make they way up the red carpet , camera flash ... Sophie emerge from a limo , look amazing . she be wearing a fur wrap . she make she way up the carpet , sidney walk behind , smile vaguely ... 139 int . beverly hilton - evening 139 various celebrity be be interview . sidney stand a little apart , lose in think . lawrence maddox well , well ... look at you ... 108 . lawrence maddox stand beside he , something nervous in he manner now , the old confidence go . he have be drink . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) make it all the way to the seventh room . he hold out he hand . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) congratulation . the wheel of fortune right ? you go up , I go down . you be here with Sophie ? how about do you old rabbi a favour and put in a good word for I ? maybe a little interview ? sidney absent - mindedly take he hand , look past he . sidney be alison here ? lawrence maddox alison ? no , we go we separate way . actually she leave I . tell I she 's in love with someone else . sidney stare at he . lawrence maddox ( cont 'd ) nope , not you I be afraid sidalee . she throw we both over . some guy name Clark . I mean ... Clark . can you believe it ? but this be the sacrifice we make , right ? I do not need to tell you . it 's not a vacation . it 's a vocation . so listen , about Sophie ... but sidney be no longer listen . 140 int . golden globe award - evening 140 slow motion - we move in on sidney , sit at the table , listen to the best actress award . this be where we first meet he . sidney ( v.o. ) this be I at the Golden globe . that 's my armani tuxedo . that 's a rolex sea- dweller 4000 watch I be wear . I be inside . I be at the centre of everything . I be right where I want to be . beside he Sophie cover she face with she hand and start to stand , have just win best actress . 109 . sidney stare at she hand - she be wear he gold ring . we move back into real time , sound swell up , thunderous applause . sidney clap along with the other . then he stand up and go after Sophie . sidney ( cont 'd ) ( take she arm ) I need my ring back . Sophie turn back to he , she smile fix . sidney ( cont 'd ) I need my ring back . as if puzzle by she inability to make it to the stage , Sophie , still smile , try to pull she arm free . Eleanor be instantly beside they , try to disengage sidney 's hand . eleanor johnson ( smile , hiss ) what be you do ? let she go ! sidney she be not the one . my mother give I that ring and tell I I have to give it to the one . she be not the one . the applause be still go strong . tv cameras move in on Sophie as she start to struggle , she smile slip . sidney try to pull the ring free from she finger . official move in . eleanor johnson what the fuck be you do ? sidney ( yanking ) just ... will you ... I do not want to be on the inside . I do not want to be at the Party . I do not want to have have sex with you . ( beat ) I kill cuba ! Sophie stare at he for a moment then with a shriek launch herself at he . they tumble backwards . the official rush upon they . there be gasp from the other table , people stand up to see what 's go on . 141 int . mrs kowalski be flat - continuous 141 Mrs kowalski sit watch the pandemonium on tv . 110 . sophie mae ( o.s. ) ( on the tv ) you fuck mother - fuck fucker ! mrs kowlaski ( grimly ) soddom and gomarrah . 142 int . apartment - continuous 142 the sharp fashionistas be gather watch the award on tv in silent horror . on tv Sophie kick out at sidney , rip she dress in the process . ingrid oh God no ... not the versace ... Security pile on sidney ... 143 int . airport lounge - continuous 143 Richard Young sit watch the award on tv . he give a small smile . 144 int . bar - continuous 144 alison sit watch on a tv in the corner of the bar . eleanor johnson ( o.s. ) ( on tv - lose it ) you be finish ! you be finish ! alison begin to smile . 145 int . golden globe award - continuous 145 sidney burst free from the scrum of Security and begin to run across the room , overturn a table in the process , official racing after he . sidney sprint for the door . he notice Vincent lepak 's startle face as he pass it . he stop , duck back and slap the back of Vincent 's head , knock the shade onto the floor . sidney stamp on they and run on . Vincent gape after he . 111 . 146 angle on clayton harding 146 ... watch from he table as the people around he stand up to see the chase . he shake he head in horror and then try , and fail , to restrain a sudden bark of laughter ... 147 ext . beverly hilton - night 147 sidney burst out of the hotel onto the red carpet and be momentarily stop by the sight of the mass paparazzi ahead , behind the red rope . the paparazzi stare back at sidney - he face bruise , shirt collar rip - equally nonpluss . there be a freeze moment then sidney plunge forward , ducking under the red rope , back amongst he own kind , push through they until he disappear amongst the crowd . 148 int . LA airport - ticket desk - night 148 sidney stand at the desk . ticket clerk the next available flight be ten be sir . get you into New York six thirty pm . sidney sigh . 149 int . LA airport - night 149 sidney sit in the almost desert terminal wait for the flight back to New York . he be still wear he dishevel tux . he look down at he tightly clench hand and slowly open he finger to reveal he ring . 150 ext . new york - night 150 sidney be in a cab , still wear he tux , he travel bag sling over shoulder . he stare out as the cab pass the entrance to a park . a sign advertise a outdoor screen of La dolce vita . sidney stop the car ! 151 ext . new york park - evening 151 a outdoor cinema have be set up . LA dolce vita be play on a large screen . a crowd sit around the park , watch the movie . sidney stand scan the crowd . he locate alison sit near the back . 112 . she be hold she notebook , watch the movie . beside she be the remain of a picnic , with light candle . sidney smile and start towards she , then stop . she be sit next to a man . as sidney watch she rest she head on he shoulder . sidney watch , numb , then turn to walk away ... bob stand in front of he in full drag , wave frantically . he start to run towards sidney , who sigh and close he eye - as if thing be not bad enough . then Bob run straight past he . sidney turn to see the man next to alison stand up to embrace Bob . the two kiss . on the grass alison watch Bob and she friend embrace with a touch of sadness . suddenly she realise someone be stand beside she . she look up and see sidney . she stare at he . Long beat . sidney hold out he hand . alison hesitates and then take he hand and stand up . sidney how 's the novel ? alison finish . sidney smile . he take the notebook from she and toss it back onto the picnic blanket . then he kiss she . as he do so he take the ring and slip it into alison 's coat pocket . then they begin to dance , cha-cha-chaaing happily at the back of the park , as the music swell , light by the flicker light from the screen . suddenly sidney freeze , stare over alison 's shoulder to where we can see he have accidentally throw she notebook onto a light candle . it be now on FIRE . sidney shove alison aside and dive for the book ... CUT to black :