hudson hawk screenplay by Steven E. de souza revision by Dan Waters base on a original idea by Bruce Willis &amp ; Robert kraft a Silver picture / Flying heart film June 14 , 1990 production note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " scene omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . fade in : ext . vinci countryside - renaissance - day beneath a jawdroppingly storybook castle , a small Renaissance Fair with florid awning , dement acrobat and roaring puppet be unfold . rustic farmer and they family rumble with enjoyment at the sabbath afternoon entertainment . encircle by child , a juggler with a unforgettably etched face elegantly pluck the red ball from a pouch on he mule . as he begin to juggle , a loud explosion be hear , cause he to ungracefully drop he ball and collapse in a heap . everyone at the fair , include the puppet , look up . unforgettable juggler Leonardo , che pazzo . the juggler shake he fist up to a swish pan that swing up toward a smoking window of the awesome castle ... int . room of the gold machine where the charismatic LEONARDO da vinci laugh down at he . Da vinci wear a pair of very early , very cool sun - glass with he trademark beard . he turn and lose he smile , something extraordinary reflect off he glass . removing he shade , Da vinci move to the something , a gloriously incredible machine . the open credit reveal its dazzle idio- syncrasy . two coughing apprentice haplessly try to disperse smoke from the still billow , mysteriously spectacular Machine . mirror attach to part of it reflect beam of light which cut through the smoke like a Renaissance laser show . da vinci ( silencing authority ) basta vapore . the apprentice throw a lever . a shunt near the furnace turn . steam escape upwards . the machine immediately slow down . Da vinci oh-so -gently cough and move for - ward with tong . a little trough - in the machine's innard come to a tremble , mystical halt . right behind this trough be a conplex polyhedron crystal as intricately modulate as any rubik stock stuffer , but much more dazzle in beauty . it gleam like a jewel in the yellow glow which pour from a pleasantly grinning demonhead into a trough - - a glow of heat -- and something more than heat . the tong enter the frame . Da vinci bring the object closer to he face . a murmur go up from the awestruck apprentice as the master peer at the smoking yellow bar . apprentice two maestro , che meraviglia ! apprentice three lei e ' proprio fantastico ! Da vinci 's pride go dead as the implication hit . da vinci lasciatemi , solo . solo ! the apprentice scurry out . mind reeling , Da vinci turn he back to the viewer , before a wall of frescoes . da vinci l'ho fatto . spin back around , use the edge of he cloak , Da vinci pull out the large gleam crystal with a pop . int . da vinci's workshop with a accompany blast of smoke , Da vinci burst through some double door into he workshop , sadly reflect upon the crystal in one hand and the tong bar in the other . his workshop be a spendiferously enigmatic blend of laboratory and studio ; on a table in the foreground be a fresh clay equestrian statue ; a large volume of sketches , the inkwell nearby ; a model of what look like a helicopter ; Da vinci fling the tong bar on the table among this goody . pockete the crystal , Da vinci meander through he work - shop casually tinkering with various experiment . he snap he finger at a bathing suite apprentice , wear a diving helmet prototype . the apprentice jump into a pool of water . Leonardo next stop at a easel display a finish - except-for-the-mouth portrait of mona Lisa , who happen to be seat in a stool before the easel . she broadly smile , revealing the worst dental work of she epoch . Da vinci shake he head and move out onto a ext . castle terrace a flying apprentice sail past Leonardo in a bat winge glider , enthusiastically shouting . Da vinci grin back until he touch he pocket . he pull out the crystal and , after a beat , angrily twist it apart into two separate , geometric piece revealing a small intricate mirror . he quickly fold the surprisingly shapable geometric piece . calm down , Da vinci look from the three component of the crystal to each of the three unfinish work on the table in he workshop . he ponder then look back out to the vinci vista . the bat winge glider dissolves into : a hawk who be reveal to be fly over sing sing prison . int . a sing sing prison cell the shadow of the hawk pass through a cell window , over the face of eddie hudson hawkins cause he to break out of a eye-close trance . before the viewer can get a good look at he , Hudson Hawk turn to a oddball version of the " mona Lisa " that have he face and tear it off the cell back - wall . int . prison block walkway two prison guard , one wise and black , the other young and GREEN march down a cell block . the former be smoking a pipe which the Young Guard light with a lighter . wise guard we be lose we biggest celebrity today . young guard you be kid , petey the paint thinner killer be get parole ? wise guard not that slime , you fizzhead . Hudson Hawk . the last of the great cat burglar . int . prison cell wall a hand tear down a picture of a happy Hudson Hawk and a little monkey , identically dress in black cat burglar gear . the block the Wise Guard and the Young Guard rumble forward . wise guard as a thief , Hawk be a poem . iambic fuck pentameter . you know , crime use to have a little class . a hundred reporter be here when he come in , now they be probably out cover some tired crack gang war ... the Guards approach Hawk 's cell . Hawk , with he back turn , heft on a nifty blazer . hawk remind I to fire my publicist . the Wise Guard chuckle as the Young Guard fumble with he key-re . young guard darn , this be for l-block ... Hawk 's hand reach through the bar and grab a pipe cleaner from the Wise Guard 's pocket . then the lighter from the Young Guard 's pocket -- burn off the fabric fuzz with the lighter beside it -- bend the now blacken wire -- and with a quick turn of the wrist use it to unlock the door . young guard - go back down to security and - he stop , dumbfounded , as the door clunk open . the Guards double - take as Hawk , finally in full view , strut past they , down the hall . the Guards hustle to catch up . the wise guard put he finger in the air and sarcastically pretend to be stung by the heat emanate from Hawk . wise guard guess this mean , Hawk , you will be able to let yourself back in ... hawk never happen . Bet . ten buck . Hawk and the Wise Guard hit fist , half -smile . Hawk unfold the painting . hawk oh , give this back to petey in a block . tell he it be a sweet gift , but I think he get some wrong idea about we friendship . young guard the paint thinner killer do this ? I think you pick a good day to get out ... the trio come to the final checkpoint . Hawk take a deep breath . wise guard hope I lose the bet . have that cappuccino on I . hawk ( flipping he the pipe cleaner ) you get it . a double . ext . outside the prison --day Hawk stride to the massive slide concrete door / Wall between he and freedom . as music crescendos and Hawk glow he first smile , the door open to reveal two mafioso brother , cesar and antony mario , the latter sit upon the hood of a tinted window lincoln Continental . Cesar be of cool , hair-slicked - back attitude , he scumbag brother be not . antony welcome back , buddy ol ' pal . we have get a proposition ... hawk answer 's no , not even if you bathe . Cesar mario , Antony mario , how 's the " family ? " kill any monkey lately ? cesar how many time do I have to say it ? I do not put the hit on Little Eddie ... never have anything against that kooky chimp . I actually find he , " endear . " hawk sure . face down . two endear shot to the back of the head . that 's you mark , man . what do Little Eddie ever do to ... smoulder , Hawk strut off . Cesar take a black canvas bag from a scarfaced driver and hustle up to Hawk . the lincoln rumble behind they , Antony riding on the hood . cesar you be hit rutherford 's auction House . easy as my brother 's wife . direction be in the bag . just open the seventh floor safe and take out the thingie ... hawk or you cut off my thingie . direction even you brother would understand . antony ( defensively ) yeah , direction even I could understand . the car squeal to a stop . Antony bound off . Cesar shove - throw the canvas bag into Hawk 's unwilling hand . cesar Hawk , you be a great thief . get set up , do some time , nothing to be ashamed of . do not give I a sonata about you always just really want to settle down , open a hardware store and sell spatulas ... hawk if the mario brother be not Jersey 's third large family , I would say kiss my ass . but consider you status , I will say slurp my butt . Hawk fiercely push -shove the canvas bag back into Cesar 's hand . cesar what 's you favorite sport , Hawk ? hawk Baseball , why ? Antony open the back door of the lincoln and say " Baseball . " he be hand a baseball bat . Hawk back up as Antony move threateningly toward he . hawk I mean , ping pong . listen , I would rather go back in than whore for you ... ( stop ) oh , I need to borrow ten dollar . a prison guard from above turn as not to be a witness . Hawk feebly call up to he . hawk help ? Police ? Antony swing at Hawk , who pretend not to notice until the last second . Hawk duck and slam-kick he calf . Antony crumple , use the bat as a crutch . Hawk boot up the bat for a two -hande catch then savagely pivot it across Antony 's face , knock he into the backseat of the car . cesar ( unfaze ) you need some time to think . that 's cool , but next time , I be not go to say " please . " Cesar float into the backseat . the lincoln take off . Hawk seethes ... hawk I do not believe this . I have be out forty second ... a backfire ring out . Hawk hit the ground , think it be a gunshot . hawk' on the ground p.o.v. a gasp 1960 caddy come to a stop and a pair of a too - fancy - to- be-tasteful shoe come out . Hawk look up to see alex messina , he older , maybe- maybe- not - wiser best friend . alex that 's the first thing I do . smooch the ground and taste the freedom . sorry I be late . miss anything ? hawk ( get up ) you timing , and you shoe , be impeccable ... good to see you , Alex , be have a lousy day . alex lousy day ? the man 's get out of prison and he 's have a lousy day . what , you miss out on the cell block Water ballet pageant ? believe I , it 's overrate . Hawk pause to say something , then just hug Alex . alex where 's the kiss ? no tongue this time , I promise . a laugh Hawk give Alex 's stomach a slap before get in the car .... hawk look like you have be expand you ... alex do not say it , hawkins . I be incredibly sensitive about my fuck figure . hawk my next word be gonna be " consciousness . " swear to God ... tubby . ext . the road into hoboken --day the caddy thunder past a sweet Manhattan view . " come fly with I " be play on the radio . Hawk casually com - plete a intimidating hand puzzle . hawk that 's you definition of " hard ? " alex show off . hey , boss tune . " come fly with I . " hawk Three minute , 51 second . alex still do the puzzle , still know the run time of song , and I will bet you be still the best damn cat burg -- hawk not anymore . now I be the laziest damn cat burg -- I be go to take it so straight that I will not tape a Met game without the express write consent of the National Baseball League . alex now that you be bear again , what do you wanna do ? statue of Liberty ? entertain some lady ? miss saigon tix ? seduce some woman ? play nintendo ? bone some chick ? hawk come on , Alex , let 's just get to Alex 's . you bar 's the only place that 's go to cheer I . God , I would kill for a damn cappuccino . what the hell 's a nintendo ? alex oh man , you still get a thing for that unmasculine european coffee ? who 's you buddy ? Alex pull a styrofoam cup from a paper bag . hawk the man know , the man know ! Hawk take off the cap with a stimulate whiff . alex so Mr. coffee , what go down outside the prison ? hawk oh , not much . mario Brothers want I to do a job . Alex brake and cappuccino fly . Hawk half - heartedly try to lick up with he finger . alex that dago-guinea - I can say this shit I be italian - wop motherfu -- hawk ah , have the perfect amount of foam . just get I to the bar ... it 's the one good thing in my life that will never change .... ext . outside alex be bar -- night the guy move through the personably Jersey face of the bar . the Empire State Building beam in the background . Sinatra cut off . int . alex be bar -- night it 's change . Hawk and Alex enter into what have become the ultimate pseudo - art deco- fern litter - nightmare , pack with noisy , insufferably self - absorbed yup . a violently erotic and pretentious video play upon elevate t.v. set set up all around the place . Hawk 's mouth gape as he drift by a sicken couple toast wine cooler , and two very young broker high - five each other after miss a dartboard . alex I do not know how to tell you . a couple broker stop in for stoley spritzer one night . next thing I know fast track digest vote we " water hole of the month . " now , I be shopping for aqua salmon wallpaper . hawk I read about this people in Newsweek . where 's all the regular , crazy Jeff cava , the Todd sister , indian Joe ? where 's Ed kranepool 's autograph ? Captain Bob 's steering wheel ? alex hey , get this irritable guy a cappuccino . I gotta go be a boss . Alex lift a piece of the bar and move behind it . snatch up a menu , Hawk call out ... hawk this be pizza ? reindeer goat cheese ? I admit , I have be know to go wild and order a canadian Bacon in my time , but .. Hawk light up a cigarette . a tortoise shell non - smoker immediately turn to he wear a " yes , I mind if you smoke " button . tortoise shell non -smoker can you read .... smoker ? hawk can you take a sunrise and sprinkle it with dew ? tortoise shell non - smoker ( huh ? ) no . hawk the candy man can , Felix . you know , I think this be a country where you could do any stupid thing you want ; drive to work naked , make love to a V.C.R. guess I be wrong . maybe that 's why I become a serial arsonist . tortoise shell non -smoker hey , it 's okay , big guy . smoke all you want . have mine .... the non-smoker fumble out a pack of cigarettes and flee . a cappuccino in cup and saucer slide down the bar saloon - style . a smile Hawk pick it up , turn away from the bar and close he eye , bring the cup to he lip until a police badge swirl into frame and splashes into the cup , splattering coffee over Hawk 's blazer . gate ( o.s. ) you be under arrest ... Hawk make eye contact up to a crude , coarse , and cackle island of a man , officer gate , amid the sea of oblivious and self - obsessed yuppitude , stand by a table . gate have a seat . good to see you , buddy ol ' pal ... hawk the pleasure 's all yours , Officer Gates . back of the bar with concern , Alex watch Hawk sit at Gates ' table . gate ' table Gates pillage a plate of spaghetti and meatball with terrifying precision . Hawk toss the badge onto the food . Gates eat around it . gate why do you show you parole officer such disrespect ? especially after I get you such a nice job . hawk what job ? Gates pull up the black canvas bag and put it on the table . gate the auction house , asshole . one night 's work and you be free like no ex - con 's ever be . no check in with a shrink , no community service teach retard how to play air hockey . it 's a great deal , I can not lie . hawk the only thing you can not do be get sex for free . I know I be in prison for like basically the 80' , but , call I daffy , be not you suppose to stop I from commit crime . you know , book-em - dano , call -for-backup , give -a-hoot - do not - pollute . Gates thunder out of he chair and move around to sneer down at Hawk . behind Gates , on the t.v. screen , be analogous image of disgusting animal and monster . gate you would not be out if it be not for I ! I do dog and pony for you ! you think they would have let you out after what you do , you tell the board member they look like the Three stooge ... hawk how be I suppose to know they be woman ? besides one of they be bald and keep say " soitinly . " Gates simmer into he seat with a self - control smile . gate remember that guy in the cell next to you who hang himself ? hawk yes . gate remember that shoe you lose ... hawk uh , yeah . cut to the chase . Gates pull up a shoe and put it on the table . gate one phone call and you shoe will become a piece of evidence and that suicide will become a murder . Hawk bob under the table and up . hawk what else do you get under there ... I do not want to be rude , but this be all pretty lame . gate that 's the beauty . it 's bullshit , but I can make it stick because I be a good guy parole officer and you be a bad guy who 's about to find out that there 's a thin line between ex-con and escape con . Alex suddenly approach the table . alex how be everything tonight , sir ? gate beat it , Alex . you be a dinosaur . hawk Alex , do you know this ape be go to be here ... alex sure . that 's why he meatball be make out of marinate Chuck wagon . gate ( mouthful ) you be full of shit . as Alex speak , a eat dog be on the screen . alex no , man , actually you be . just add water and it make its own gravy . keeps you tooth healthy and you coat shiny . Gates grab the shoe and race off , gag . Hawk get up to laugh next to Alex . they laughter die as they turn to look at the black canvas bag leave on the table between they . int . back room--dawn Hawk stare mournfully at a black and white photo of a monkey - size chalk - outline on a city street . behind he , Alex pull out blueprint from the black bag . Sinatra 's " witchcraft " blare on the radio .... alex hmmmm ..... hawk yo pandora , quit hummm-ing ... look at this . Hawk be rummage through stockpile remnant of a old , " true " bar . round lamp , tacky mirror , picture of Hawk and the regs at the bar . manage a weary smile , Hawk lift a ship steering wheel , while Alex put on a pair of granny class and pull out blueprint . hawk it 's Captain Bob 's steering wheel ! remember when the Captain ..... alex hmmm , nasty little safe on the 7th . Hawk nervously pick up a rubik 's cube and hold it behind he back . he bring it back around , complete . sigh , Hawk drop the cube and rub he scalp . Alex start rub he stomach . they pace in pre-job syncopation and speak rapid-fire . hawk the safe 's a Simpson 71 . last time I play the game , Simpson only have a 40 . alex just mean it will take you a extra 31 second to seduce . you be still the best , I know it . hawk but you get three guard who ... shit , what be I do ? where 's the want ad ? gonna sell some spatulas . alex hey , I be sorry , man . I be put out a fire with kerosene . Alex give Hawk a consol two-hand - shake then jump back to reveal he have put Hawk into thumbcuff . hawk this be not funny . I be not into this . I ... alex there go five second ... my record 's eighteen . hawk you be not ... listening ! out of annoyance , Hawk break out of the cuff and violently throw they at Alex , who sit down a little wounded . hawk I be sorr -- goddamn mario Brothers . goddamn Gates . goddamn rutherford auction House . by the way , how many second ? alex rutherford auction ... that name ... Alex jump up excitedly and then convulse in pain . hawk Alex ! alex do not wet you diaper . I will have to change they . " witchcraft . " what 's the run time ? Alex flop down behind a work table before a wallfull of drawing of different kind of vault . he set himself up for a insulin injection . hawk 3:48 . I can not get you involved , man . this be my sewage and ... ( be drawing ) God , you love all this , do not you , you bastard . have not you ever hear of stamp collect , or curling ? Hawk lean in and administer the shot of insulin to Alex . alex I be in . have you see the public service announcement for diabete . we can ride horse , play lacrosse , and knock off auction house . I get a plan . you will not have to hail Cesar or Gates . Hawk collapse next to Alex , resign to he fate . hawk I be a bum . ext . nice , business neighborhood -- night two grubby derelict , one push a shopping cart , the other inside it , situate atop the usual two glad bag . they be drunkenly warbling " witchcraft . " impeccably dressed night -lifer give they a wide berth . we derelict pass beneath a massive red canopy of a distinguished eight story edifice , upon which be write rutherford's auction house . a doorman shoos they away ... a newspaper truck pull up in front of the auction House . the Driver pop out with a bundle of papers and move to a dispenser on the corner . the bum wheel around the truck . the Driver load the papers and bound back . the truck pull away from the corner . the shopping cart roll off -- the bum nowhere to be see . the truck turn the corner , revealing the derelict climb up the back of it , with glad bag around they neck . the truck move toward a enclose walkway Bridge that connect the auction House with another Building . launch low-tech grapples , the vagrant latch they - selve onto the walkway window as the truck pass beneath . at the window the viewer 's viewpoint move into a tighter view of the dangle derelict , revealing they to , of course , be Hawk and Alex . get a foot , on the small window ledge , each man cut a hole in the window while hold onto a plunger . hawk whoa , you better cut a bigger hole than that . alex hey , you promise ...... do not worry , I be wear my girdle . int . inside the walkway window -- night Hawk and Alex come through they window hole . Hawk immediately flatten himself against a wall , whisper - ing ... hawk cameras ? alex no need . Guards ' station 's right there . Alex point to a open doorway just down the hall where laughter and shadow emerge . Hawk try to flee , but a grin Alex pull he toward it . Hawk and Alex slide across the wall to a close room mark power , which be right next to the open Guards ' Station . the viewer 's viewpoint move past Hawk and Alex lock -pick into the power room to ... int . the guard ' station two Security Guards sit before a console of seven security screen still chuckle over a unheard joke . wire come out of the security console run across the floor and through the wall into ... int . the power room the wire go up to a row of seven hum , record button flash V.C.R.s. Hawk and Alex stand before they , share a cig . alex they record everything they video surveillance take in ... hawk yes , master - thief , I can see that . you say something about a plan ... Alex press the rewind button on the v.c.r .'s . alex be I boring you , smartass ? watch . a little rewind and re-wire action and the Guards be go to be watch a rerun and miss out on we exciting episode . Alex pull from a nearby shelf six tape mark monday . int . seventh floor auction auditorium -- night move beneath a video camera and a dazzle set of hanging horse mobile , a heavyset guard , big stan , mosey through the dimly light main auction house auditorium . the auditorium chair be strewn out in the middle beside a turbo floor washer . next to a painting of happy Children Riding horse at the back of the auditorium stage , Big Stan heft himself upon a comparatively tiny blue chair and begin to tip back and snooze . int . guard ' station the Security Guards look to the seventh floor screen to see a unfold shot of Big Stan mid-snooze . security guard one check out Big Stan ... ( walkie-talkie ) Big Stan ! the auction auditorium startle by he walkie-talkie , Big Stan fall back on the little chair , crunching it to the ground . the first floor the laugh security guard see the crunch . int . the power room Alex put the last of the Monday tape into a V.C.R. alex you get about five minute and change . hawk 5:32 . " swing on a Star . " alex you know they invent something while you be inside . call a watch . a freight elevator ping . Hawk open it up as the music of " swing on the Star " kick in on the soundtrack . hawk " a mule be a animal with long funny ear . " alex " he kick up at anything he hear . Hawk cram himself into the freight elevator with he glad bag . strenuously upbeat Ray conniffesque singer continue to sing the song , orchestrally accompany , when Hawk be not . int . the freight elevator Hawk take over the song , sardine in the elevator . hawk " or would you rather swing on a star , carry moonbeam home in a jar . " power room Alex go up to a circuit box and pull down two large switch . the soundtrack singer continue to warble . the guard ' station the light of the floor wobble and die . the console screen blink off . the Security Guards stop laugh . security guard two Hell -o . check the power room , bud ... Security Guard one harrumph into a stand position ... power room Alex speedily hook and rehook the back of the v.c.r.s . they now all have they play button light up . alex swing on a star , carry moonbeam ... outside the power room Security Guard one fish for key to open the power room . the soundtrack singer whisper as not to give away Alex . inside the power room Alex briskly slam back up the switch . outside the power room the singer go louder as the light come back on . Security Guard one harrumph and head back to the Guards ' Station . the auction auditorium Hawk scramble out of the freight elevator in the leave wall of the auditorium , glance to the clock . hawk " or would you rather be a fish ? " he pull out the black canvas bag from he glad bag and take out the blueprint . Hawk follow they toward the painting on -stage . the guard ' station Big Stan come up from behind he fellow guard , dump the remain of the chair on the floor . big stan ( move back off ) very funny . the seventh floor screen show a peaceful auction auditorium . and the Blue chair . the auction auditorium --camera p.o.v. from the exact angle , the viewer see the current state of the room with Hawk fling off the painting of the horseback child , revealing a safe . but no Blue chair . hawk spit on the rubber cup of a electronic sensor , plugge into a walkman , and affix it to the safe above the dial . hawk ( lyric trouble ) " a fish be annuh nan to nan to brook . the freight elevator Alex be now pack into the freight elevator . alex " he can not write he name or read a book . to fool people be he only think . " the auction auditorium hawk ( remember ) " and though he 's slippery , he still get catch . " wearing headphone , Hawk crank up the walkman and spin the dial . the click from the dial be so loud he wince and turn down the volume . then there 's a clunk . the guard ' station with the soundtrack singer take over , Guard two sip a cup of coffee . he do not swallow . his sight zero in on the Blue chair on the seventh screen . he look to the chair remain , then back again . security guard two uh , Jerry . I be look at the seventh floor and I do not know how to say this , I see the Blue chair . security guard one what the ... you think that 's weird , check out screen two ..... screen two show the two security guard themselves hatching open some on - duty beer , go down a hall . Guard two look to the empty atop the console .... security guard two somebody rewire the recorder ! auction auditorium Hawk ditch he accessory and swing the safe door open . Inside the safe , along with the " holy " Da vinci music cue , be the clay equestrian model from Leonardo 's worktable . Hawk belt out as he put it in the black canvas bag . hawk " and all the monkey be not in the zoo . " alex ( v.o. ) " every day you meet quite a few . " Alex give Hawk a congratulatory pat . hawk and alex " so you see it 's all up to you . you can be better than you be . you could be swinging on a star . " the auction room big stan reconnect the wire of the seventh V.C.R. the guard ' station suddenly , on the seventh screen , the image and voice of Hawk and Alex in - process come on . security guard one shit , let 's roll ! the auction auditorium Hawk put the painting back up , but stop to stare at the playful child . alex the song 's over ! come on ! " you could be swinging on a star . " hawk what be I do here ? there be so many thing I wanna do that be not this . paint a lighthouse . kiss a woman in Italy . alex ( more frantically ) " you could be swinging on a star . " hawk paint a woman in a lighthou -- I do not want to steal a horse . life be ... Hawk 's soliloquy be cut short as Security Guards one and two crash into the auction auditorium . alex ( deadpan ) " you could be swinging on a star . " you could not have wait to see a psychiatrist . no , you have ... Alex whip he chair at the floor washer , tipping it forward and cause its electrical cord to pull up and trip the Guards into a bellyflop . Hawk bolt right at the bustling up guard and lock they into Alex 's thumbcuff . he then limbos under they connect arm and spring over the outstretch washer cord . the Security Guards clumsily turn and re-trip themselves . hawk let 's go down the freight elevator . Big Stan suddenly unhatch from the freight elevator . alex keep that idea come . Hawk and Alex run toward a office locate at the right wall . they both do a gene - kellyesque - chair- tip -over before simultaneously bashing through the office door . int . darkened auction auditorium office Hawk and Alex stop in the office to painfully laugh and rub they funny bone . Alex stop laugh . alex I be not as unpleasantly plump as that Guard be I . Big Stan fire off a warning shot . Hawk and Alex quickly tear up a window . move out on to a ledge , Hawk and Alex look down to the huge auction house awning and trade gulp . Big Stan wobble into the mouth of the office door . hawk and alex I get a bad feel .... hawk I can not even swim . alex Hell , the fall will probably kill ya ... Big Stan raise he gun . Hawk and Alex jump and aaagh down the face of the building .... closer and closer to the awning .... the viewer focus upon Hawk as he free-falls ...... CUT to : right into a laz-y - boy chair Hawk continue he " fall " into a ridiculously huge recline chair . the foot stand swooshes out with a thump . a hand pull away the canvas bag with a cackle . int . gate apartment --late night Hawk 's weirdly recline viewpoint make Gates and he pad more grotesque than they be ( no small feat . ) a sub -radio shack stereo cough next to a scary punch bowl of red , margarita-like substance , beneath the instantly recognizable frame picture of that dog play poker , all atop a jungle shag . Gates , in short and a Hawaiian shirt - over-a-keep on truckin '- T -shirt , raise a loud tumbler with one hand , the black canvas bag in the other . gate Hudson hawkins get the chair of honor . how about a gates-arita ? ( toward bowl ) I use real hot dog . hawk be not you the bartender at jonestown ? suddenly a light be turn on in the corner , revealing a seat Cesar and Antony mario , the latter take a painful gatesirita sip . cesar good job , not pretty , but good . hawk ah , the mafia , the cop ; do I know how to party or what ? Gates pull out the horse and look at it . gate all this trouble for a horsey . I may not know art , but I know what I like . hawk ( to Dog picture ) you certainly do . gate so when 's that sebastian - cabot - Buckingham - Palace - look - butlerhead get here ? alfred any minute now , dear Mr. Gates . a malevolently snobbish british butler , alfred , enter in distaste . he make a stressful glance to three vanity fayr on a coffeetable that have a photo of a magnetic husband - wife -dog combo with the caption : mayflower power . Hawk notice this . gate oh , sorry jeeve . gates-arita ? alfred I will pass . May I ? Alfred take the equestrian model and with a jeweler 's loupe , study it carefully . alfred ah , such craftsmanship . Leonardo Da vinci 's last commission for the Duke of Milan . irreplaceable . gate hey , Mr. french , I be delirious for you . now where 's my cut ? with dignity , Alfred smashes the ancient horse over Gates 's head . Alfred rummages through the debris revealing a perversely labyrinthine crystal piece . ( recognizable from Da vinci 's workshop ) . gate you son-of - a...... I do not believe this ! you come into my house ! Alfred pocket the goody , but not before Hawk can give they a confuse peruse . gate I ought to take Big Ben and shove it up you limey blimey bunghole ! a blade slide down Alfred 's arm . half - yawn , he ... alfrede 180 degree Pov spin before Gates and the bystander behind he . the blade go back up Alfred 's arm . the room 's only sound be the stereo 's inappropriate music . Gates shrug but he voice be off . gate like I say . where 's my cu-u-... suddenly a line across Gates 's neck turn red and blood begin to gush like a tourist attraction . Gates crash down upon the table hold the punch bowl and the stereo , send it to the ground , cut off the music . the Dog poker picture fall atop the carnage like a lid . blown away , Hawk try to wiggle he way out of the recliner . Alfred pat some stain remover on the blood on he shirt . alfred so much for he " cut . " ( post -chortle ) Excuse my dry british humor . cesar ( rise ) Lovely work , Alfred , take the concorde back ? alfred indeed I be , Mr. mario . I be really rack up that frequent flyer point ... hawk I hate to interrrupt you two lovebird ... antony you know , I think Gates promise Hawk a cut , too .... the mario brother cackle out . Hawk try to flail out of he chair . Alfred turn to he and flick up he arm . Hawk see he life pass before he eye until he realize Alfred be merely pull he up off the chair . alfred ta to , Hudson Hawk . hawk ( breathless ) too-do-loo , babe . int . alex' restaurant--dawn Hawk burst into the bar . Alex sit on a stool , read the paper . alex do I miss anything ? hawk oh , not much . Gates just have he tonsils take out . the hard way . alex geez , Gates be kill . who do we send the thank you note to ? Hawk do a combat jump over the bar and begin to fiddle with the cappuccino machine . hawk the butler do it . guy be a cross between alistair cook and a cuisinart . dude take Mr. Ed and humptied dumptied it over Gates 's head . he say it be make by , get this , Leonardo .. alex ( professorial ) ah yes , a rare Renaissance piece . Da vinci 's " sforza , " a equestrian model of a never execute statue . I consider it to be the prize of tonight 's auction of objet d'equestrian . horse thing . the cappuccino machine spark . a perplex Hawk take a couple extra second to back off . hawk okay , you get I , Mr. pbs . alex ( hold up newspaper ) Morning edition . seem two thief " attempt " to steal it last night , but thanks to three " courageous " guard , it will be ready for tonight . hawk " attempt . " at - tempt-ted ! I be not happy about have to steal that horse , but I do have my pride . face it , when it come to burglary , and sex , I .... Hawk take the newspaper . there be a picture of the Three Security Guards in a cheery pose behind the " sforza . " Hawk squint to see that Security Guards one and two be still wear the thumbcuff . hawk boing . uh , this I don t understand ... alex why try ? hawk ( hurdle the bar ) because I be tired of not understanding thing . cop , mafia , and butler force I to bust my ass to steal something , which it turn out I really do not steal - - it 's fuck up . alex ( pull back newspaper ) you be not think of go to ... hawk Alex , my man , it 's time to play a little offense . where 's you tux ? int . rutherford's auction house -- night dress in a not-quite-fitting but suave tuxedo , Hawk enter the now well - light auction house auditorium ( chair all set out ) . bore workmen in coverall lug equestrian item on to a podium from the familiar freight elevator . eccentric bald auctioneer ... fan- taas-tic example of florentine marble ... who will start at 160,000 ...160,000 ...... 180,000 . someone raise they paddle as Hawk pass beneath the hang horse and find a aisle seat near the stage . Hawk scan everyone in the room before come to the one seat next to he , a enchantingly beautiful woman . hawk all this year of attend auction , I still get goosebump . the painting , the sculpture .... the thing that be not really painting or sculpture ... the woman .... the pretentious vulture who do not even look up from they calculator to see what they be buy . now that give I goosebump . auction be disgusting . hawk I could not agree more . savage . the woman laugh at he gear switch then catch herself . eccentric bald auctioneer lot Fifteen , a equestrian sconce attribute to the cellini school .. auction entrance Big Stan , the hefty guard from the heist , enter the area wear a blue ribbon . auction area Big Stan be walk in back of the seat bidder : a oblivious Hawk in the foreground start to scan varied bidder - type , raise they paddle to babble out dollar figure ; a gaudy rock STAR and he gloomy - chic entourage , a king farouk - type with a bore teenage american hooker , and a scary nordic princess in a monocle and a tiara . three stand assistant frantically man a table of phone set up down before the stage . one raise he arm . eccentric bald auctioneer sold ! to the caller from newfoundland . a stylish female assistant take out a impressive replica of the " sforza " from the safe behind the podium and bring it to the auctioneer . the crowd a-a-h ... Hawk laugh and shake he head . eccentric bald autioneer and finally , lot number 17 , think to be lose in the war , and again last night , the Da vinci " sforza , " the jewel of the sale . fan-taas-tic ... hawk ( be : auctioneer ) be look like a constipate warthog a prerequisite to get a job in the art world ? eccentric bald auctioneer there have naturally be question of its authenticity , so to verify we have Doctor Anna baragli of the vatican . Doc ? anna ( rise , to Hawk ) some of we warthog be more constipate than other . Hawk uneasily laugh as Anna make she way up the stage and pull out a large magnify glass . a look of distress pass over she face . Hawk close he eye in anticipation . hawk oh , the shit be go to hit the fa-- anna ( suddenly serene ) fantastic . perfection . the vatican extend its jealousy to the lucky bidder . eccentric bald auctioneer we will begin the bid at 82.5 million dollar . to you , sir . eighty - three , ninety -- you bid , madame -- ninety point five ..... Hawk open he eye in confusion . he scan Anna come off the stage , glide toward the phone table . Hawk float into the aisle , curling toward she as she pick up a phone and murmur into it . darwin mayflower loo million clam , francesco ! the crowd orgasm as vanity Fair cover boy , darwin mayflower work the aisle , playfully muss up the appreciative , tiaraed princess 's hair , giddily high - five the rock Star , and sloppily frenching the hooker . eccentric bald auctioneer 100 million dollar to Mr. darwin mayflower . Hawk turn to gaze at the enigmatically familiar figure . Anna look up from the phone to do the same . she swerve she attention to the back - turn Hawk . darwin move to one of two reserve empty seat as he wife , minerva , make she entrance par excellahnce . she be outrageously dress with a mammoth Tiffany watch that extend from she wrist down to , act as a leash , she obnoxious little dog , bunny . minerva francesco , 100 million and one . darwin , to the crowd 's delight , hold he strike heart . darwin outbid by my own wench , quelle bummere . minerva poor baby ..... here , Bunny . eccentric bald auctioneer fan-taas-tic , the bid be at 100 million and one dollar . commence a slow motion sequence , Big Stan come out of the nearby office , zipping up he fly . he immedi - ately scope Hawk in the space before the stage . the mayflower lower themselves into they seat with devoure canary smile . eccentric bald auctioneer go- ! Big Stan pull out he gun , untheatrically , as not to cause a scene . Anna see this and follow Big Stan 's eyeline to Hawk . Hawk turn to re-pursue but stop dead at the sight of the gloat Big Stan . eccentric bald auctioneer go- ! Big Stan launch a gallop toward Hawk , who spin and veer back round up the aisle . the mayflower zero they sight on the activity . eccentric bald auctioneer go ! the gavel come down in super slow-motion . Anna 's leg poke out of the aisle , trip the guard . Hawk brake at the end of the mayflower 's row and smile in relief , casually turn to darwin and minerva . the gavel continue to come down in super slow-motion . both darwin and minerva mayflower suddenly duck down . smile vanish , Hawk spin toward the stage . the gavel hit . break out of slow - motion into wide - angle , the entire podium explode send debris , equestrian piece , and eccentric bald piece searing into the scream , batter crowd . knocked off he foot , Hawk grope into a stand position . he see the mayflower make a smooth exit . he start to give chase until he see a batter Anna rise from the ground . a hang white tri-star pegasus , crack from the damage ceiling and swooshes down towards Anna . Hawk bolt upon some auction chair and make a fly leap . he slam Anna out of the pegasus 's pulverize path . they weary up off the ground and move down the aisle , calm in a storm of pack art patron . anna my God , that be bold of you , you do not have to do that ... hawk forget about it -- it be nothing -- anybody would have do the same thing -- it 's a impulse ... anna no , I mean you do not have to tackle I and rip my dress . a polite push , perhaps ? a clear shout of " watch out , Anna " would have do nicely ... hawk Excuse I , milady . I would have fly over and carry you up to a pink cloud , but I leave my cape at the cleaner . Anna touch Hawk 's lip and laugh . anna ( " hey , I be kid " ) thanks tough guy , thanks a lot . why be the guard chase you ? hawk ( serious answer ? na-a-h ? ) because danger , Doc , be my middle ... before Hawk can finish , a hang horse out of nowhere hammer he into the ground and the viewer into darkness . fade in : int . van -type ambulance --night Hawk stir into consciousness strapped on a elevate gurney . hawk Saint Pete , hey I know , the whole cat burglar thing , it sound bad , but I will take the worst cloud you get ... Hawk 's eye focus . the mario Brothers hover over he . cesar News flash . you be not in heaven . yet. 30 second and count , if you know what I be say . could not just play along , could you ... ext . the brooklyn bridge -- night the ambulance careen onto the Brooklyn Bridge . int . inside the ambulance Antony raise up a mammoth gun . hawk pretty class way of cover you track . I think that auctioneer land at La guardia . antony subtlety be never one of we strong point . hawk neither 's floss . a confuse Antony touch he tooth with he gun hand . Hawk escape from one of he strap and launce a nearby trayful of syringe into Antony 's face where they ghoul - ishly quiver . Antony fire a wild shot , shatter the partition . front seat of the ambulance the scarface bodyguard / Driver , now in paramedic white , freak at the star windshield . the brooklyn bridge the ambulance bumper- pool off some innocent car . inside the ambulance Hawk frantically try to undo he other strap but a howling Cesar , side -stepping he vibrate - on- the-floor brother , latch onto the back of the gurney and wrench it backward . outside back of ambulance the elevate gurney blast out the back with a now unstrapped but terrify Hawk whoa - a- ing atop it . the gurney wheel hit the road , sparking . a sheet from the gurney , catch on the door , yank taught -- Hawk be " water ski " on he stomach atop the elevate gurney ! screech car be weird out by the new vehicle on the road . the gurney batter by wind and fear , Hawk clutches to the gurney and the sheet with a grit tooth stoneface . the sheet be tear from the gurney send it rocketing off to the side on its own craze volition . Hawk skis toward a toll booth with a large gate - arm . hawk life do not get much better than this . he then see he 's head toward a exact change lane . whizze wildly forward on the gurney , Hawk scramble into he pocket and wiggle out some change . he fran - tically winnow out some penny and then maniacally fling the change from twenty foot away . toll booth the change ker-chunk into the basket and Hawk and the gurney just barely streak underneath the rise gate-arm . ext . the ambulance crash through a gate- arm of another lane . Hawk and the still - wildly whoosh gurney cut it off . front seat of the ambulance Cesar pop he head through the partition . cesar make he into roadkill ! Antony , seemingly oblivious to the syringe porcupine in he skull , poke he head next to Cesar 's . antony yeah , run he down ! Cesar and the bodyguard / Driver turn to Antony and scream , then all three look out the windshield and scream . the ambulance jackknife over a stop car and somersault into a fiery ball . in the foreground , Hawk 's gurney coast down a peaceful off -road Hawk , with a unchange expression of pure white knuckle fear , come to a tranquil gurney - wheel - gently - squeaking stop . lit by the flame of the ambulance crash , a sneering young man in wire rim glass emerge from the darkness , carry a steel suitcase . he kneel before Hawk and open the suitcase revealing a complex computer appara - tus . he begin mumble into a cellular phone . a malevolent , silent deadpan wraith pass he and approach Hawk . both man be dress in outfit that seem to be a melange of fascist uniform and haute couture . on the finger of one wraith hand be carve the word hate . on the other hand be the word frog . the frog Hand hand a befuddle Hawk a card . it read : my name be kit kat and this be not a dream . Hawk look up with a " huh " expression as kit kat chop he neck , knock he off the gurney . the sneering computer guy hang up he phone and pull forward a small cattle prod from he apparatus . hawk this be the worst night ... snicker when it rain , it pour . name 's snicker . the plane leave in 40 . snicker zap Hawk in the leg with he device . Hawk a- a-gh into a kneel position . snicker return to he suitcase and be pass by a pleasant young black woman in the " outfit . " almond joy almond Joy . I know , pretty silly . but it 's better than when we first start out , we code name be disease . you do not know what it 's like be call clymidia for a year . ( walk off ) whoops , forget .... she deftly kick Hawk across the face . Hawk angrily bound back up until he see the biggest member of the group fe-fi-fo - fum he way toward they . suddenly , the giant clumsily trip over snicker ' suitcase apparatus and ram-collapse into Hawk and the gurney . laying atop Hawk , butterfinger goofily speak ... butterfinger my name 's butterfinger . hawk no shit . the mysterious group part to reveal a much more mature and cynically subdued man dress in big lapel and a hat that scream Old time CIA . his name will be GEORGE kaplan . kaplan do not you just hate kid ... almond joy George , you promise . no Old CIA / New CIA joke ... kaplan I call they the MTV .i.a. punk think Bay of Pigs be a herbal tea . they think the cold War involve penguin and ... hawk do not I know you ... kaplan you just might . I be the guy who trick you into robbing a government installation and then have you send to prison for it . at the time , I be bald with a beard , no moustache , and I have a different nose , so if you do not recognize I , I will not be offended . hawk bastard , you be go to need another nose ! Hawk explode upward . everyone but cool Kaplan draw a gun . hawk but I be not the type of guy to hold a grudge . kaplan I use you as a diversion . while you be get capture upstairs , I be shredd document in the basement . deep down , I guess I be just jealous . you be one incredible thief ... hawk to what do I owe the dishonor of a reunion , you centrally intelligent scumsicle . as Kaplan converse , snicker and butterfinger bring out a mammoth empty suitcase and open it behind Hawk . kaplan I want to make thing up to you . that 's why I get you this gig , doll . Hawk , my name 's George Kaplan and to quote the late , great Karen carpenter , " we have only just begin . " hawk Three minute , twenty - three second . if you think I be do another ... kaplan hush . my employer want a meeting . hawk employer ? the president ? kaplan no , somebody powerful . oh. look. what 's that up there ? hawk I be suppose to fall for that ? kaplan shucks . guess not . Kaplan savagely point-blank punch Hawk in the face , knock he out cold and into the mammoth suitcase . snicker slam it shut revealing a kennedy INTERNATIONAL sticker . int . mysterious bare room --day Hawk slowly awaken on a exotic couch . he have be put in a aggressively fashionable italian outfit . he eye and touch he new dud with complete bafflement . he then stumble into a stand position to , mouth gape , take in a wondrous 360 degree view of Rome , Italy as " o solo mio " blare on the soundtrack . hawk no. Way . Hawk 's spin view and the music on the soundtrack slam to a halt as he zeroe in on the sight of scary butler Alfred elegantly reach the top of the staircase . alfred welcome to Rome , sir . hawk yes way . ext . outside interesting build --day Alfred open the back door of a omnipotent , mayflower - logo limousine . the car move off as Hawk slide in ... int . the back seat of the max - tech limousine face darwin mayflower who be bluster into the cellular . while he talk , darwin shake Hawk 's bewilder hand , then hold up one finger in a " be with you in a sec " facial move . darwin for that kind of wage , I could have build the factory in America ! they be vietnamese , can not we just give they more Bart Simpson shirt ? I hear depress news like this and I want to commit genocide ! ( slamm phone ) Alfred , hold my call . so , Hawk ! the hawkster ! what do you think of the vehicle ? hawk you could host american bandstand in here . why do you duck at the auction , asshole ? darwin because I do not want to get hurt , taterhead . a fax machine come to life as darwin babbles . darwin what can I tell you , I be the villain . initially it be a priority to keep a lot of buffer between you and I , but since most of they be dead now , I think what the heck . Hawk , you come highly recommend . I would have do some thing differently at the auction house , but hey , I want to be in business with you . darwin scan the fax message with annoyance , and then shove it into a violent paper shredder . outside the limo shredder shredd paper litter out of a vent on the outside door . inside the limousine a simmer Hawk try to explode but the phone ring . hawk my life be not some deal . I ... alfred ( o.s. ) it 's Boston , Mr. mayflower . darwin I be sorry , I have to take this . that be valid point though ... darwin pick up the phone and go Mr. hyde , while give Hawk " can you believe this guy " - type gesture . darwin you better have a good excuse ... you better have a better excuse ! you be so weak ! I be only thankful you ancestor do not settle America or else my name would be running brave or vomiting antelope ... really . well , listen close , babe . darwin hold the phone over a 50 cent piece - size siren in he armrest . darwin press a button and a piercing noise fill the car as it come to a stop . darwin shall we ? darwin bolt out . Hawk hang back , wait for Rod serling to explain thing , then bolt out too . ext . e.u.r. district build --day Hawk and darwin head up the step of a overpower fascistly marble superstructure . Alfred bring up the rear . darwin so hawkasaurus , I will not mince word ... hawk whatever . you own boardwalk , you own Park place , you own the four railroad . you think you be God . for all I know , you be probably right . I just want to have a damn cappuccino , maybe play some nintendo after I find out what it be . man , why do not you just buy the horse ? what be I say , you do buy it ... darwin oh ... let 's see . there be organization that think we want the " sforza " for reason other than put it in the Da vinci museum we be building in vinci . hopefully , this organization think we plan have be ruin with the explosion of we replica . if I seem vague , grand . we want a low profile on this , that 's why I get Kaplan and the candy bar involved . I help George help the mario Brothers and Gates help get you out .... hawk if you be pause for a " thank you , " give it up . so boss , you go to tell I what the crystal piece inside the pony mean ? darwin Way to go , alfie ! how many people do you break that thing in front of . good help 's hard to find . hawk I guess that 's a no . int . massive conference room --day a mind - blowingly pretentious painting of darwin , minerva , and Bunny hang above a mammoth m-shape conference table . lying atop the table in heel , shade , and a heart - stop dark outfit be minerva . nasty Metal riff semi - audibly spew from a headset she wear . surround the table be a varied group of old money and new money board member range from a nine year old indian prince to a sweet elderly american woman . they converse to the person at they side in businesslike tone , oblivious to minerva . darwin lady and gentleman of the board ... the board member go into tableau silence . minerva con - tinue a brief sing - a- long before darwin scold ... darwin and min-er-va . let 's give it up for Hudson Hawk . the board applaud as Alfred push Hawk inside . minerva hello ...... Bunny , Ball - Ball ! minerva lob a ball in the air . Bunny , the annoying dog , scurries beside Hawk to catch it . move down toward the other end of the table , Hawk take in the surreal surroundings with battle fatigue . he see one board member take a luxurious sip of cappuccino . minerva pace up upon the table . darwin hawkmeister , we get you clothes , great hotel , and a 250,000 lira per diem . minerva that 's two hundred dollar a day ? so he can get a hooker and some tequila . veto , darwin . hawk guess I know who wear the penis in this family . minerva ( jump off table ) for God 's sake , chain this convict . with a yawn , Alfred pull out a pair of state - of - the- art handcuffs . hawk Alfred , you be a very polite psychopath , but if you ... Hawk kick out at Alfred , who nimbly move slightly and give a pummel to Hawk 's body somersault he over the edge of the table , into a empty seat . the board member politely applaud . Alfred pull Hawk 's hand around he back and cuff he . Bunny intensely sniff he crotch . minerva we want Da vinci 's sketchbook , what do they call it , the codex . darwin listen Hawk , this might be hard to believe , but I be a regular joe . I just want to be happy and happiness come from the achieve of goal . it 's just when you make you first billion by the age of 19 , it 's hard to keep come up with new one . but now finally I get my new goal . World domination . with you help ... Bunny .... quit that ! minerva Bunny , ball - ball ! bad bunny ! hawk think he 's already get today 's ball - ball . five more minute please , it 's be so long ... minerva yank away the yelping dog . hawk anybody have a cigarette ? but seriously , do I a favor and concorde I back to prison . I do not care anymore . I hope you have the receipt for the thread . minerva you go back , you will not be alone . you will have a diabetic barkeep cellmate . you be still young enough to have fun shanking child molester for a pack of smoke , but " Alex " will go in know that the next time he get out it will be to attend he own funeral . depress . hawk you would not risk the dime to call the police . you have no proof . darwin ah , the magic word ... Alfred plant a slide machine on the table and darwin start click gorgeous image of Hawk and Alex robbing the auction house , on a bare wall . the board member gush . the elderly woman give a thumb -up . darwin it 's veja du , hawkhead . something you wish never happen . we shot the entire operation with hide camera behind the hide camera . hire the guy who do the last Sports illustrate swimsuit issue . excellent work ... whoops , damn fotomat asshole ... a slide hit the wall of himself and minerva kneel in Big baby clothes with Alfred snarling over they , deck out in leather . he click ahead ... Hawk look away and see that the board member have a annual report - type booklet in front of they that read -- the da vinci / alchemy project . minerva lean over in front of he . minerva tomorrow , you be go to hit a church . CUT to : ext . a massive wide shot of ST . peter's--day the vatican stand in its glory , mobbed by hundred of local and sightseer . the viewer 's viewpoint zeroe in on the mayflower limousine circle around it . int . the limousine Hawk look out from the back seat of the limousine in stylish italian sunglass . hawk I be robbing the vatican . the nun at St. agnes predict that I would end up do this ... two identical twin flunky sit across from he , grin stupidly . Hawk push up he sunglass with he middle finger . int . vaticanesque map room mentally case the joint , Hawk get some distance between he and the flunky as he enter into a room that have a glorious , ancient map of the World mural . int . another vatican room Hawk make a scribble in a notepad before come to a vatican guard , stand before a painting of a Pope perform a coronation . hawk ( half -heart ) Excuse I , I be be blackmail into robbing the vatican by a psychotic american corporation along with a CIA ... vatican guard " you be be " ..... uh , I do not , uh ... a jade Hawk laugh and pat the cop on the back . hawk forget it , man . go tackle a jaywalker . int . / ext . circular OPEN AIR hallway Hawk come out onto a circular open - air hallway . he scan up to some rooftop and make a note ... until he see a line of International phone boothettes . check for flunky , he rip one up . hawk Operator , I want to make a collect call to Alex Messina , New York .... the flunky drift into view . Hawk hang up and seethes off . int . hallway leading to codex room Hawk saunter down a long resplendent hallway toward a room at the end bustling with excitement . come to the mouth of the room , he look to two gold frame mirror on either side of the open , rub he head , and scribbles . inside the codex room Hawk take in the majestic beauty , and practical detail , of the room -- window , statue , a massive ornate lighting fixture - - as he move down one of the twin wind stair - case lead to a path of people behind velvet rope and the object of they gaze ... the da vinci codex -- a old book enclose in a glass case , propped open to the familiar beautiful drawing of a man inside a circle . the case be locate between two informational tablet enclose in glass column . enter Holy Da vinci theme . anna ( v.o. ) but it be he gift as a inventor who draw together science and art that be most incredible . Hawk brighten to the return of Anna , carry a portfolio bag , stride down the stair with a group of investor and family . she brighten back , give he a quick verbal breath and a hand squeeze . anna tough guy . what be you -- how 's you head . hawk ( vegetable ) yes , and my giraffe love it , too ... she laugh , go into she public voice . anna as you know , the Da vinci codex , have live in the vatican for century and will continue to live here for century more . hawk ( under he breath ) that 's what you theenk . anna question , sir ? his untire pen predict the airplane , the submarine , the bicycle , the helicopter , and even the tank . a little brat trail the group , move next to Hawk , bitching away to she stuffed elephant , pokey . little brat this be so bor-ing ! do you hate Italy as much as I do , pokey ? ( bad ventriloquism ) Si , senor ! Italy suck the big one ! why can not we go to the epcot Center ! the Little brat stop and let pokey the elephant dangle from she side . Hawk eye the elephant strangely . anna this more dangerous design inspire he to develop a secret code that .... the stuff elephant suddenly go fly over Anna 's head . the alarm go off . the massive ornate lighting fixture swoops down from the ceiling , invert in air , and slam down over the codex , transformed into a makeshift cage . strange green gas come billow out of the vent . needless to say , everyone go crazy . cough gas , Hawk peek to see that a line of light sensor alarm imbed in the tablet be what set the alarm off . two gas mask drop airlinesquely from the mouth of the entranceway and two racing -in guard wrangle they on . the Little brat see that pokey the stuff elephant have be behead by the cage / lamp . she be pull away and spanke . little brat pokey , come back ! Anna yank a notetake Hawk away as the gas bluster in around he . the two flunky , eye on Hawk , be hap - lessly make they way up the opposite staircase . anna come on , this stuff will knock you out . have you ever have the feel you be be follow , Mr. bond . hawk never , why do you ask ? reaching the top of the stair , just outside the door , Anna briskly pull Hawk into a piece of wall that be really a door . the wall close as the flunky come fly out , baffle . int . circular staircase Hawk , mucho impressed , and Anna move down a tight , dark circular staircase . hawk whoa . name 's hawkins , Eddie hawkins . my nickname 's Hudson Hawk , but do not call I Hudson , not even as a joke . the nun at St. agnes call I that and they be the one who help make I what I be today . not a compliment ... anna sure Hudson . be you go to tell I why you do that back there or be you go to blame it on dumbo ? hawk could you believe that crazy elephant ? Anna shake she head as she open a door into ... int . a little underground subway --day a four foot high mail train rumble down the track of a mini-underground station . worker latch onto mail bag . Hawk and Anna emerge from a small door . hawk whoa , part 2 . do it go to Times Square ? anna deliver up to ten at night . the Pope have a obsession with he Easter seal . it 's actually not that a unusual set-up . the secret passageway on the other hand .... hawk the vatican be make of constant mystery mean to be enjoy , not explain . anna Nice . but right out of we brochure . hawk oh , you read that . anna actually I write it . it 's a good sentence . it can apply to people . hawk you be not a unmysterious thang yourself . anna I do not steal stuff elephant from little girl . ( smoothing he jacket ) and I buy my own clothes . my life 's a little boring ... hawk God , I wish I could say the same thing . what about have a nice , dull dinner with I tonight . scrabble , knock -knock joke , anecdote about famous dead italian .... anna I will bring my entire repertoire ... the two flunky stumble into the station , look around . Anna and Hawk crouch down . hawk and I will bring my entourage ... anna secret passageway do not mean as much as they use to . there 's a place two block east of here . enzo 's . say 10:30 . hawk Said . Hawk and Anna peck each other with a smile . he crawl out a exit door . as he leave , Anna 's smile disappear . she pull out a rosary and give herself a self - scolding bang on the head . she then dart to a large crucifix and look up . anna Father , it 's obvious . he 's up to something . suddenly a speaker in Jesus 's mouth gently crackle . jesus ( italian ) report downstairs at once . anna yes , sir . int . catacomblike area a cardinal pace in a enigmatic vatican area . Anna clack up to he . cardinal do he mention the mayflower ? anna no , you eminence . I think he 's go to steal the codex , as early as next week . cardinal attempt , you mean . the vanity of this man , Hudson Hawk . the vatican have foil the advance of Pirates and terrorist . we will not lie down for some schmuck from New Jersey . must you flirt with he so realistically ? anna that 's the best kind . a wise woman once say " polite conversation be rarely either . " cardinal ( chuckle ) let I be the one to quote scripture . .... as a agent of we organization , you be put in awkward situation . just remember , Hudson Hawk be a evil , evil man . anna ( unconvince ) yeah . the big E. ext . navona piazza --day the evil Hawk clumsily stride around a fountain , look off in all direction , soft - shoe past some sedate painter and swing into ... int . a big quirky phone booth Hawk grab up the phone and dial .... hawk hello , operator . I would like to make a collect call to New York number ... the mayflower limousine creep to the edge of the piazza , behind a oblivious Hawk . hawk thank you , operator , thank you . Hawk turn , put a finger in he ear . see the limo , he freak and ball himself into a corner . hawk come on , Alex , pick up , you reindeer goat cheese - eat motherfucker . int . alex' restaurant--night it be late night in New York . a phone ring atop the bar of Alex 's restaurant with no one in sight . int . piazza --day Hawk poke he head to see a darwin and minerva ( hold Bunny ) emerge from the limousine . as he turn he con - centration back to the phone , alex himself flow out from a building to cheerfully speak with darwin and minerva and get lick by Bunny , before they all pile into the limo . hawk a-lex , a -lex , come on Alex . Hawk slam down the phone and turn to see the limousine pull off . Hawk angrily burst from the door and be painfully clotheslined by agent butterfinger , who be dress as a mailman . crumple on the ground , Hawk kick out with he foot , into butterfinger 's stomach , double he . Hawk then grab he by the head and ram into the glass of the booth . Hawk rotate off for a escape ... but the rest of the CIA crew cut he off hold barely conceal gun ; snicker dress as a maitre would , almond Joy as a bermuda tourist , and Kaplan in he usual emsemble . kit kat be dress exactly like Hawk , right down to a bloody lip . Hawk give he a double take . kaplan Hawk , Hawk , Hawk . enjoy Italy ? I always have a soft spot for Rome . do my first barehand strangulation here . Communist politician . hawk why George , you big softie ... kaplan God , I miss communism . the Red threat . people be scared , the Agency be respected , and I get laid every night . a humiliate butterfinger come waddling out , hold the phone . Kaplan roll he eye . butterfinger sorry , coach ... kaplan ( shaking he head ) if he father be not the head of shit , I hate this , the government 's get I farme out , work for the mayflower corporation now , money beat politics . War be not Hell anymore , it 's dull . do not slaughter they man and rape they woman , just steal they microchip . hawk you know Kaplan , if you be not the slimiest pinata of shit that ever live , I would feel sorry for you . snicker good news , bud , the mayflower have move up the time - table . you be hit the vatican to-night . hawk tonight ? you be whacked . the timing 's off , I be underequipped damnit , I have a date ! almond Joy smoothly extract Hawk 's notebook and read ... almond joy grapple , biker 's bottle , hairspray , black turtleneck , pocket fisherman , acid , collapsible yardstick , softball , and 72 stamp . gee stud , this be go to be some date . no harvey 's bristol cream ? kaplan snicker , make the list happen . oh and it 's one thing to play hide and seek with the mayflower 's pathetic staff , but we be sore loser . I have put jumper cable on the nipple of child and not always in the line of duty . hawk thanks for share . kaplan we blow up space shuttle for breakfast . you and you friend Alex would be a late afternoon triscuit . hawk if you do anything to my friend ... kaplan yeah , right . by the way , as long as I be get thing off my chest , I be the one who kill you little monkey . make it look like a mafia hit . do it for fun . ciao . Kaplan and the crew quickly disperse in different direction as Hawk howl in frustration . kit kat move behind Hawk and perfectly mimic he . hawk what do you have against Little Eddie , motherfucker ? he be just a monkey who like to laugh . come back without you yuppie army . I will triscuit you , you space shuttle eat ... shit .! without look , Hawk elbow the mimic kit kat in the face . kit kat give Hawk a strange smile and hand he a card that read : beware the odd step . Hawk look up from the card . kit kat be go , but butterfinger scamper in he place . butterfinger hey , Mr. Hawk , I get that 72 stamp ! sigh , Hawk take the huge sheath of stamp . ext . indoor train track one of the small vatican mail train bullet across a indoor track . the viewer 's viewpoint whoosh to catch up , focus on a very large package , address to the Pope , that have Hawk 's sheath of stamp slap onto it . the train zip into a tunnel . int . the vatican underground subway the train rumble into the vatican mini-station . two harried worker heave up the strange cargo onto a sorting table . a bell ring as a clock hit 10 . the worker do a sigh of relief . shuck off they uniform , they head out . a hand rip out of the huge package . int . outside the codex room -- night Hawk pop out of the secret passageway door and move to the mouth of the doorless codex room . he pause to hand - comb he hair in the two large , frame mirror at the side . the codex room carry the now frameless mirror in each hand , Hawk hustle to the top of the step and suddenly stop . hawk " beware the odd step . " Hawk crouch down and notice the step below he have a clear magnetic tape run across it to a dime size alarm button . hawk why kit kat , be not you a gentleman ... Hawk bound down every other one of the step down to where the codex be bath in a holy light . he heft up the two now frameless mirror and put they each in a groove of a collapsible yardstick run across the top . the parallel mirror now face out from each other . Hawk spray a blast of clairol to reveal the light sensor beam , and then with a deep breath , he thrust the mirror into the beam . the light bounce harmlessly off the mirror and Hawk exhales . he balance the connect mirror then crawl through he tent - like passageway . Hawk squirt acid from a biker 's bottle on the crack of the rectangular glass case that hold the codex . the acid sizzle . int . vatican library hallway --night a burly guard thoughtfully stare at a painting , finger prop he chin like a critic then continue amble on . the codex room rubbing he head , Hawk give a excited smile as the glass crack of the rectangular case loosen . Hawk pull out a pocket fisherman .... the viewer 's viewpoint move upward to reveal , through the mouth of the room , the burly Guard be come down the hall . outside the codex room burly Guard approach the outskirt of the codex room . he comb he hair into the piece of wall in the now empty mirror- frame then realize . muttering italian into he walkie-talkie , burly Guard rush into the room and look down to the sensor deflect mirror . he pass a statue , behind which , Hawk be reveal to be stand . burly Guard approach the codex and see the drip acid . he also notice a fishing hook attach to the bind of the codex . the fishing wire lead out of the glass case . the Guard reach to touch it when suddenly the wire be pull tightly upward by a move - out - from-behind - the-statue Hawk . the codex fly off its perch , set off the alarm and send the bizarre cage / lamp crashing down and around the hapless burly Guard . the green gas commence its noxious billow as the codex swooshes into Hawk 's hand . he then hurl a softball , smash a window on the other side of the room . the familiar vatican Guard and a Guard Three barrel down into the mouth of the codex room . only one Gas mask drop from the doorway . the vatican Guard pull it on and give a " that 's life " shrug of shoulder to the fainting Guard three . Hawk put on the miss gas mask and launch a grapple around the ceiling cord of the drop ornate lighting fixture . Hawk then tarzan from one staircase to another . he then ungrapples and head toward the shattered window . the vatican Guard wait a stunne moment before give chase . ext . the roof Hawk fling off he gas mask and begin a classical skip - across - the-rooftop jaunt . suddenly a brick on the slightly slant roof give way and Hawk fall . his canvas bag go skip down across the roof , landing against the antennae . int . the pope' bedroom a t.v. show Mr. ed. speak to wilbur in italian go fuzzy . the pope , wear he famous hat and a Notre Dame bathrobe angrily bang on it . ext . the roof Hawk harvest he grapple on the level part of the roof and slide down toward the dangle - off - the-antennae bag . the vatican Guard pop out of the window and fire a warning shot . Hawk stretch to the bag . his finger touch as the Guard continue to bound forward . hawk please God , please God ....... let the guard shoot I . Hawk pull up the bag and turn himself to see vatican Guard hover over he on the roof . vatican guard the worm 's on the other foot , yankee noodle candy . Hawk see the vatican Guard 's foot move toward the grapple . Hawk ferociously tug , rip the Guard off - balance and knock down a side of the roof . ext . top of a nearby wall Hawk dash atop a nearby wall and hurl he grapple across a road around a tree branch . Hawk tie the end of grapple line , toss on a friction belt , take a breath and jump off the wall . the viewer follow he on he breathtaking ride . the bruse vatican Guard flop back atop the roof . he get off a wild shot before crumpling back down . hawk be alnost to the other side when the Guard 's bullet hit the friction belt . Hawk drop with a wild scream ... and land with a painful straddle atop a street lamppost . his eye bug out with the think of a life without child . he slowly spin off the lamppost and sail down upon ... ext . a bus and the comfortable luggage house on top of it . Hawk try to maintain he balance upon the wobble baggage , but the bus make a quick turn and Hawk go fly off ... ext . right into a cafe chair -- night pant and discombobulate , Hawk look across the table to the female hand hold open a menu . the menu come down . it be Anna . Hawk unpretzel and lap he canvas bag . anna oh Hudson , I be worried you be not go to drop by .... hawk I never break a date . scout 's honor . Hawk do the honor sign with he black glove hand then quickly rip it off as a waiter come to the table . hawk fettucini con funghi porcini . waiter bellissimo , signor . hawk oh , and could I have some ketchup with that . Anna hit she forehead with the palm of she hand while the waiter 's entire body sink in disappointment . other table occupant sadly shake they head . ext . another table -- night at a comfortable distance curl behind a heat lamp , snicker be be a uglier american to a uncomprehending waiter , while almond Joy chuckle and butterfinger spread butter over a entire baguette . snicker come on , Pierre , Steak -bur-ger , fren-n-ch fries . this be France , you gotta have french ..... almond joy actually we be in Italy , snicker , she say as if it make a difference . the waiter sneak off . butterfinger devour he bread . snicker Italy , France , Moscow . they all just wanna be nebraska . Old man Kaplan think since communism be dead , we get nothing to do . man , democracy be not free election . we gotta teach the world that democracy be Big tit , College football on Saturday , Eddie Murphy say the word " fuck " and kid put they hand down garbage disposal on " America 's funniest Home video . " almond joy damn baby , when 's the last time you have a vacation ... Jesus , I gotta get out of this job . if my Mom know she daughter assassinate the leader of the anti-apartheid movement .... snicker quit bitching , you get the employee of the month plaque for that shit ... ah to be in pari- be and in love . they look off to .... hawk and anna's table physically sarcastic , the waiter bring a tall wine basket with a bottle of ketchup in it . Hawk nab it . hawk this be bueno . they have the worst ketchup in prison .....uh... anna prison ? hawk I be the warden ? anna how long be you in ? hawk let 's just say , I never see E.T. anna wow , you be " in the joint . " " do hard time . " it 's funny , but that excite I . I seem to have a thing for sinner . hawk I seem to have a thing for sinning . sinning . check please .... waiter ah , anything for dessert ? anna ( she shoot ) yes . something to go . hawk ( she score ) I will bring the ketchup . int . anna's house -- night the viewer 's viewpoint pull back , past the black canvas bag on a table , to reveal a barefoot Anna be straddle a bare - back Hawk , demurely and tentatively study he bruise . anna what have you be do ? hawk uh....old badminton injury . Anna giggle and bend to kiss a bruise . she stop herself and opt for tickle . hawk tickle , tic kle , tickles . anna ( not stop ) oh , I be so sorry ... Roaring with laughter , they capsize onto the floor . Hawk slither around to devour she toe . Anna close she eye and arch she back ..... she open she eye and see a large crucifix stare right at she . with a gasp , she roll away from Hawk and stand up , try to brush off she sin . anna I be sorry . I can not . I .... hawk ( softly approach ) hey now , outside of a very friendly dog this morning , it 's be a slow decade . I do not make love every ten year , I get a little cranky . anna it 's also be a long time for I . I - - they head fuse for a semi-classic screen kiss until the crucifix light up and begins shout in italian . hawk Catholic girl be scary ... anna somebody rob the vatican . hawk oh. no. Anna slide on she shoe and make a hasty retreat . she bump into the canvas bag . the codex slide out . they both catch it in mid-air . Anna 's eye pop . she wrench the codex away and kick . Hawk pull she into a compassionate back -against-his-stomach hug . the codex fall to the floor unharme . hawk it 's not what you think . okay , maybe it be .... anna you really go and do it . with one day , not even a day , of plan , you do it . nobody do it better , Hudson . you start the week steal the sforza and you end it swiping the codex . hawk wha -- anna what be you plan for the weekend ? hoist away the colosseum ? tell I , do the devil make you do it or do darwin and minerva mayflower ? ext . a car outside of anna's place --night cramme together in the front seat , snicker , almond Joy , and butterfinger be watch the shadow of Hawk and Anna up in the window . snicker snap a cartridge into a gun while butterfinger attack a goo-ey pastry . snicker what 's go on in there ? butterfinger do you want I to rape they ? ( throw pastry down ) dunkin do it better . snicker just read , butterfinger . butterfinger pull up the book on Da vinci that Anna write and start read like a schoolboy . butterfinger " Da vinci have fear about he more dangerous design , so he create a shorthand code in reverse script ... " almond joy to yourself !..... what be they do ? in twenty second , we go in . int . anna's place foam shoot out over the coffee . Hawk smile down at it as Anna work a cappuccino machine . anna for two year , I have be tracking the mayflower ' peculiar interest in three Da vinci piece . they sforza replica be as fake as the " gas leak " that supposedly destroy it . hawk do everyone in the world know more than I ? Jesus , I be just some guy who happen to be good at swiping stuff ..... lifted a piece of licorice when I be one and a half . who know it would lead ... they even get the CIA involved ! anna the c.i. what ? God , no ... hawk ( raise he cup ) ooh , I guess I do know something here 's look at you , kid ... the car outside the agent burst from the car , gun raise . almond joy now . anna's house Hawk sip the cappuccino . his face immediately contract . hawk this do not taste like cappuccino . anna oh , I must have put too much ethyl - chloride in it . Anna throw a pillow on the ground and hold out she hand . Hawk collapse . his coffee cup land perfectly in Anna 's outstretch hand and he head land perfectly on the pillow . the candy bar bash the door open , gun raise . anna why do not you tell I at the restaurant that he have hit the vatican tonight . my people will not be happy . I want to see Kaplan . almond joy that 's not overly possible . he ... butterfinger but guy , remember , he 's in the castle at vinci .... snicker and almond Joy grimace into fake smile . ext . the castle --night a helicopter thunder up to the awesome castle from the open Da vinci sequence . int . helicopter Anna pet the head of Hawk on she lap . she be ponder . int . a mysterious dark room -- night a sparse circle of light house a chair and a pace Kaplan . snicker and butterfinger flop Hawk onto the light chair . kit kat be dress exactly like Anna . she react as she come into the light . Kaplan take the codex from she . kaplan Way to go , Anna . anna when the mayflower find out we have the codex , they be go to want to make a deal ... kaplan ( gung - ho lie ) and then we will arrest that greedy pig ... be that it ? Hawk stir . the viewer get he woozy p.o.v. anna actually George , it 's not it . what be we do in this castle ? I happen to know the mayflower buy this castle last year when they find out Da vinci use to do ... the light in the room come on to the sound of holy Da vinci theme , revealing a almost perfect refurbish of the exact same workshop Da vinci toiled in in the open . kaplan ( try to be solemn ) it 's the site of they new museum and we be take it over . operation deflower mayflower be go full speed ahead . anna ( take it in ) oh Lord .... the only reason I ask be that Hudson , uh , Mr. Hawk , hawkins , have some " neat " thing to say about darwin , minerva , and you . basically that you be part of the same car pool . kaplan Anna . Anna . Anna . if that be true , almond Joy would have hand you you heart right after you hand I the codex . now , get some sleep . kit kat ... kit kat in drag spookily move inch away from Anna . anna cat get he tongue ? kaplan actually he never tell we what it be . kit kat smile , revealing the fact he have no tongue . anna how sweet . I trust you will see Hudson Hawk be give to the proper authority . I recommend leniency ... snicker ( hold in a laugh ) oh , I think we all do . Hawk give she a look of honesty and pain that cause Anna to guiltily gulp as she head out with the mimick kit kat . snicker do you think she have any idea that operation deflower mayflower be as bogus as kit kat 's tit ? kaplan I do not think so , although bring she to the castle give she a big , juicy hint . almond joy with all due respect to that great blouse , why do not I cut out she heart ? kaplan Close call , but she 's we only way of keep tabs on that damn mysterious vatican organization . Hawk , it 's time to go to the principal 's office .... ext . outside the castle -- night move into the chopper , Anna glimpsis , Bunny , the obnoxious dog , in a mayflower logo dog tag , take a leak on some bush . she fake a yawn to the like dress kit kat who fake one back . int . the G. machine room --night Kaplan , Hawk , and the other agent march into the mammoth room of the open scene . in the place of where one remember the gold machine be undulate sheet , beneath which be unassemble part of the machine . Inside , a ball go whizzing out of a tennis ball machine . in tennis gear and goggle , darwin mayflower thwacks it against the wall of ( now fade ) frescos . also in tennis thread , minerva be lay on a chaise lounge hold a gadget in she hand . darwin Seven ! minerva turn the gadget up to seven and press a button . another tennis ball shoot out , a little faster . darwin batter it . the ball ricochet into the forehead of a " amused " Alfred who be retrieve ball in sweat pants . alfred jolly . good. shot. sir. minerva ooh , it 's Hudson Hawk , you cease to amaze I , convict . you be a terrible cat burglar ! darwin have not you ever see , like David niven ? you know tiptoe in , tiptoe out . minerva like a " cat " , one could say . hawk shucks , I will just take it back . Hawk reach for the codex . Kaplan pull it over to darwin , who pull up he goggle and fondle the ancient bind . take a knife from Kaplan , he begin to slit it open . minerva ( bounce up ) no , let I ! darwin ( pout ) I do not care . Hawk look away to the billow sheet and the strange machine part behind they . minerva slit the binding and tug out another geometri - cally pervert crystal . hawk another piece of the puzzle for the Da vinci alchemy project . Kaplan , darwin , and minerva look up to Hawk , then to each other , all start to speak , then all stop . this quandary be defer by the entrance of the twin flunky . darwin oh , you . there 's nothing more I hate than failure . all you have to do be follow the Hawk , it 's not like I say " teach we nation 's child how to read . " Hawk use the distraction to amble toward the sheet . darwin I guess we be just go to have to kill them ... shockingly swift , minerva pull a small gun from beneath she tennis dress and blast a burn hole between each set of flunky eye , splattering they to the ground . darwin God minerva , I be kid . a shocked hawk quickly turn from the blithe carnage and pull up a sheet . he reveal the familiar gold Machine demonhead . the mayflower reverberate off each other with laughter . bloodstain , Kaplan and almond Joy exchange a eye bulge . minerva 's smile disappear as she see Hawk by the sheet . minerva get away from there , convict ! hawk just browsing . do not touch I .... snicker touch he . Hawk smashes he in the jaw . snicker rear back to reciprocate .... darwin do not hurt he ! we need he for the final job ! snicker stop himself , snarling in frustration . Hawk be suddenly the happiest man he 's be in Italy . hawk oh weeeeelly , do not hurt I ? even if I do this .... Hawk pull snicker ' glass off and stamp they . hawk and this .... Hawk knee butterfinger in the stomach . hawk surely this must offend .... Hawk body - block -domino butterfinger and snicker to the ground . Kaplan and almond Joy aim they gun . kaplan that 's it ! playfully lift he shirt , Hawk grab minerva and manually swivel she hip to the beat of he . hawk thing be get a little loose at the Da vinci workshop tonight . " put you leave leg in , take you right foot out . " May I call you minnie .... Hawk mambo to Alfred who rifle he blade up to Hawk 's crotch . Hawk stop dance . darwin come to think of it there be a part of you body that you will not need for you next job ... hawk hey , guy , I have always want to sing like franki valli and the other season , but come on .... Alfred move the blade a little upward . Hawk a-a- ghs . minerva Big girl do not cry -I - eye . hawk two minute , 35 second . damnit , I be involved in this thing , so I just wanna know what this thing be . I wanna be treat as a adult . darwin that 's fair . tomorrow . back in Rome . now go to you room . Alfred strategically vulcan Hawk on the neck . he fall . int . dark confession booth--morning the lip of Anna come into light . anna forgive I Father for I have sin . it 's be 1200 hour since my last confession . int . the cardinal' side of the confession booth the cardinal suppress a yawn . cardinal hit I with you best shot . anna ( o.s. ) I betrayed a man . a good man . a innocent man . a thief . cardinal Anna , what be you try to say ... anna's darkened lip anna he come into a world where crime be a legitimate business tactic and a legitimate government procedure . but he know right and wrong . oh , and we kind of mess around ... the cardinal freak and go into some italian gibberish before ... cardinal " mess around " mess around ? I know -- I do not want to know . first base ? second base ? stop I when I be get warm ... anna ( o.s. ) a little petting be not the issue ! cardinal sorry . seventeen hail mary and five minute outside . int . outside the confession booth--morning the cardinal emerge and stand by Anna 's confessional curtain . cardinal so let I get this straight , sister , you be say Hudson Hawk be not willingly work for the mayflower but Kaplan and the candy bar be ? Anna move out of the confessional curtain , wear a full nun habit for she be a nun . the gaspingly beautiful church unfold as they walk . anna you get it . operation deflower mayflower be a bad joke and I be the punchline . I think we be use the CIA to help we to get mayflower , but really the CIA be use I to keep we away from mayflower . cardinal oh , why could not I be the cardinal in charge of catering .... if the mayflower get the three section of Da vinci 's crystal and he instruction for the gold machine -- aie-yi -- do we get anything ? what of Alex , Hawk 's friend , where be he loyalty ? anna I be go to find out . cardinal I be sorry for lose it back there , but you must remember , sister , you have vow to God as well as a mission to the world . anna I know , I know , you eminence , just say " God go with I . " cardinal God go with you , sister . Anna put on the coolest pair of sunglass , deliciously contrast with she habit . she move off .... int . rome conference room --day beneath the wacky portrait , darwin circle the board - member fill conference table as minerva smooches Bunny . everyone watch Alfred place a bar of gold and of lead in the hand of a blindfolded Hawk at the middle of the m . darwin so , Captain Hawk , in one of you paw you get a gold bar worth about 8 thou . in the autre , you get lead that will not get you gelato . minerva surely a master - thief like you can tell the difference . hawk ( " what 's my line " ) that 's two down to Kitty carlisle ... Hawk " weigh " the two bar in he hand -- dig with he fingernails . he rip off the blindfold in subdued frustration . as minerva speak , she unconsciously molest Alfred . minerva cool , be not it ? Weight , feel , mal1eability , they be all but identical . on the periodic chart of element , they be but one proton apart . great mind work for century to turn worthless into priceless . hawk alchemy . darwin ( casually goose Alfred ) alchemy ! be the business term of the 90' , my man ! minerva read about it in a airline magazine about four year ago . I dumped some lira into research ... shazam , we come across a diary by one of Da vinci 's apprentice detail La Machine de oro , the gold machine for that at home , and the rest be about to become history . money be not everything , gold be . fuck blue chip stock ! fuck t-bill ! fuck junk bond ! I get the real deal ! money will always be paper but gold will always be gold ! minerva market crash . bomb drop . greenhouse effect affect . we will still be the richest , most powerful people in the world . in 1992 , Europe be come together to become one business superpower . it 's one party we would love to poop . darwin well , that say , the last ingredient in the recipe be in , get this , you be gonna die , the kremlin . hawk sure . the kremlin . make sense . the kremlin . why not ? listen , this be all too Indiana Jones and the lose City of King tut for I , man . throw I in jail and go ahead , just try and throw Alex ... minerva jail , you asshole ! we foot soldier will blow you brain out ! Bunny , Ball - Ball ! minerva angrily throw the dog off she lap and whip a tennis ball into its mouth . darwin I will torture you so slowly you will think it 's a career ! I will kill you family , you friend , and the bitch you take to the prom ! hawk you want a address on that last one ? Bunny bark up at Hawk in anger . hawk Bunny , not you too ? minerva you have get a dilemma , tiger . I think I know what 's go to help you solve it . Alfred quickly latch on the state - of - the- art handcuffs and the blindfold . the viewer 's viewpoint stay on a writhe Hawk . hawk I will kill all you . even the old lady . Hawk kick back on the table , " jump rope " the cuff , then pick the lock with he tooth . Hawk rip off the blindfold to see that the entire room be empty except for Alex , stand at the other end , in a incongruous italian leather coat . alex I hate cigarettes until I see my first no smoke sign . keep off the grass ? let 's play soccer . only law I care about be friendship . break that one too , do not I ? this Gates - mario Brothers -cia - mayflower - Da vinci thing seem like a sweet deal . visit foreign land , take they treasure . I do not know , I think you would get into it . it 's better than play dart with m.b.a. 's at the bar . I do not know it be go to be like this . they use I to use you ... I be sorry , there 's only one way out of this and it 's gonna hurt I more than it 's gonna hurt you . Alex pull out a gun from he jacket and click it in . ext . familiar piazza --day the piazza from the fascist e.u.r. building be bustling with office worker laugh , smoking , and hustling . darwin , minerva and Kaplan be a solid troika in the center of the step . the other agent stroll in the periphery .... kaplan I just do not think it be a smoking hot idea to leave they up there alone . minerva do not worry George , this be the reason we put the old diabetic guinea on the payroll to begin with . to keep Hawk in line . they will talk about " be buddy " and " chugge brewskis . " darwin ( raise glass ) you gotta love male bond . as darwin slap Kaplan on the back , behind they , Hawk and Alex come crash out of the window door of the building . kaplan you be say ... move to the edge of the stair , Hawk and Alex , latter hold he gun , sprout up from they own debris and continue savagely brawling . the wigging out passer - by give they space . hawk you bastard ! you fuck my freedom for a lousy job ! Alex tremble , go into a diabetic seizure . he shakily raise he gun . alex Hawk ... I be so sorry ... Hawk roar forward like a bull and helmet Alex . they roll together down the massive staircase past darwin , minerva , and the CIA who react with " this can not be happen " catatonia . two shot go off as Hawk and Alex crash to the bottom of the staircase . Hawk rise up in a daze to see Alex on the ground with two bloody bullet hole . hawk no ..... Alex ! wake up , you can not go out like this . Hawk fall to he knee as snicker hustle toward he . suddenly , siren be hear as a police van pull up . snicker stop . four policeman blast from the back of the van . one hold back the crowd . one strenuously pull Hawk into the van . the other two drag in Alex . the villain look to each other for non-existent guidance as the van pull away . minerva plan B , anyone ... use initiative , snicker hop on a vespa and roar off after they . the van can be see swerving off ..... around a corner where it bolt up into a much larger truck mark vatican souvenirs . two seemingly-innocent-bystander priest break demeanor to flop up the wheel ramp , slam close the back of the truck , lock it shut , and continue on they solemn way . the truck bellows off as the vespa spin around the corner . snicker brake and look around for the police van . he hit he handle with frustration . ext . beautiful rome overview out of she habit but still in she incredible sunglass , Anna look out to a lovely view of Italy . the vatican truck pull up behind she . a giddy , blood-stain Alex and a not - so-giddy Hawk bound out of the back . Alex excitedly give himself a insulin shot . anna oh thank God , you be dead ... alex it be so beautiful ! when the blank go off , they ... Hawk 's fist whoosh into frame and blast Alex 's jaw . hawk you bastard . you fuck my freedom for a lousy job . alex but I say I be sorry .... hawk no sweat , Alex , you only make the biggest mistake of my life . what be you per-diem ? alex do not act like you have never commit a crime before , hawkins ? I know , I make call , when Anna track I down I ... anna Hudson , do not you understand ... hawk and you , Dr. cappucino , you be lucky I do not hit woman , assume you be a woman . I be not take anything for grant anymore . anna I - work -for-a-covert -vatican -humanitarian - organization . the -cia - made-a-fool-of-me . i-care-for-you ... hawk oh. well , what 's this ? Hawk pull out the demon head that be in the mayflower Museum from out of he pocket . Anna turn white . anna where do you get this ? hawk you know , the place where you give the bad guy the codex .... the mayflower Museum . anna it 's from the machine . all they need be the crystal to run it and they have 2 / 3 of it already . we can not let that happen . alex you be say you want we to beat they to the crystal and save the world from financial disarray . anna something like that . alex ( pull out plane tix ) well , forget about it . Hawk and I be go to Rio . we be hurt , we be tired , and a hero be not nothing but a sandwich . right , buddy ?... anna Hudson , God 's give you a gift for cat burglary , you can t just ... hawk you better believe I can . I be sick of people tell I what I have to do . anna it 's that kind of selfish attitude that ... hawk selfish attitude ? I be just some guy who want a little nap and a cappuccino for when he wake up , not too much foam ... anna you be not " some guy " anymore , Hudson . right now , you be the only guy . without you help , I .... Anna look to Hawk with a choke - up expression . the weight of the world on he shoulder , Hawk turn away to a lovely view , he mind painfully raging and swirl toward peaceful clarity . hawk the world be beautiful . every day in prison I make sure to remember that . it 's only when I actually get out that I forget . if I be sane , I would be on that plane to Rio . but be beat and abuse to fulfill some corporation 's pervert vision do something to you mental health . the world be beautiful and I be tired of be fuck . ( turn around ) it 's darwin and minerva 's turn to bite the pillow ... Anna involuntarily do the sign of the cross . Alex goodnaturedly do a jerk off motion . anna that be beautiful . alex I laugh , I cry . shake he head , Hawk swipe the plane ticket from Alex . hawk Rio , Alex ? after all they have do to ... hey , this ticket be for Moscow ! alex ( know smile ) damn travel agency . that kremlin thing be in Moscow , be not it ? a proud Hawk slap Alex on the back as some pass italian local stop to stare , horrify , at Alex 's bullet hole . Anna sweetly intervene . anna ketchup . stupido americani ... the local give off a slightly daze " a - a - h " and move off . int . the conference room --day wind blow through the shattered conference room window . snicker be bang on he computer apparatus at the table with the mayflower and the other agent . kaplan we be all family now . my team have do a lot of rougher thing than steal the model of a helicopter . snicker we be go to whack this place so fast we will have time to shop for american import . darwin and minerva politely smile and then turn away to each other with know look . the computer screen show the familiar image of the kremlin building that turn into a complex look at interior the viewer will later see . almond joy lucky for we , the Da vinci be locate in a wing of the kremlin that they use to throw the miss Ukraine pageant and stuff . it will have the least number of guard .... kaplan as for we plan of action , anybody would be insane to go in from the ground floor ... int . a van -bus -- night a head -rubbing Hawk and a stomach rub Alex kneel on the floor of a move van , over a barely legible draw of what be so neatly delineate on the CIA computer . both guy be dress as priest and be chew gum . alex we be go in from the ground floor . hawk geez , this Art treasure room look like a burnt diaphragm . Hawk laugh and pop up into the passenger seat . Anna be reveal to be drive in she habit . Hawk give she a kiss . hawk hey , do not take you disguise so seriously . anna uh , yeah . guess I be a wee bit nervous . I be sorry I could only score clergy passport . hawk fit my new image . a thief for the mass . this be one job I be not go to feel guilty about enjoy . gum . Hawk , Alex , and Anna all spit out they gum into a bag Hawk hold . alex the security 's actually not that severe . anna it do not have to be . everybody know that if you mess with the kremlin , you will end up in a siberian gulag eat you own fingernails . Hawk take in some view of Moscow that remind one of budapest . hawk shwoof , that make I feel better . I can not believe this be the Iron curtain . all the guy at Airport custom want to know be " who shot j.r. ? " alex you sound disappointed . hawk yeah , I mean , come on , go through the Iron curtain be suppose to be crawl underneath barb wire , it 's suppose to be strangling a guard ... the van pass a textbook shot of the kremlin in the distance . hawk ( v.o. ) it 's suppose to be parachute in the moonlight .... ext . the top of the kremlin --night Kaplan , snicker , almond Joy , and butterfinger slam down upon the roof of the kremlin and discard they parachute . snicker open up he computer screen , upon which be the image - map of the kremlin with a flash blue light at the top of the building and a flash green one inside . snicker we be the blue light . the green light be where the Art treasure room be . kaplan let 's go make a purple light . where 's kit kat ? ext . the kremlin ground dress in cat burglar black and all chew gum , Hawk , Alex , and Anna crawl across the kremlin grounds . they scope out a shabby Delivery entrance . alex Delivery entrance . low Security . anna gum . all three spit out they gum into Hawk 's bag . hawk Count of three ? alex why not just go now ? hawk okay . the Trio rush for the door . the kremlin roof soviet guard one come out on the roof to light a cig - arette . he look in the distance to the motivate CIA team . suddenly a card float down into he hand . it read : william tell . adam' apple . get it ? the not-gett - it Guard look up from the card as a grin kit kat parachute behind he . the Guard swerve around and kit kat savagely skewer he with a crossbow shot to he Adam 's apple . the delivery entrance Hawk , Anna , and Alex race to the door , the latter bashes it ... int . grungy white foyer open and set off a annoying hammer - against - bell alarm . Alex all - four beneath the alarm . Hawk do a Michael Jordan vault off Alex 's back and slam dunk a massive ball of used - gum , pull from he bag , between the hammer and the bell , cut off the sound . they rush ahead . ext . the kremlin roof the agent be trot across the roof when a phone on snicker ' apparatus ring . Kaplan answer it . kaplan everything 's go fine , minerva , thanks for ask ... int . nondescript hallway minerva chat on a cellular move down a hallway , with darwin , who be hold in he laughter as if this be a great crank . minerva I say who need this Hudson Hawk anyway .... int . a grand ballroom the good guy scurry upon the second level of a epic and gorgeous ballroom . two lush staircase lead up from the floor . from behind a pillar , the gang check out the activity below . a tablecloth be be wrangle over a large table at the opposite end of the ballroom by servant . threaten - ing soviet soldier maneuver on the floor . hawk ( wizard of Oz ) oh - eee -oh-a-whoa - oh . they then make a mad scuffle across they side of the second level , hunker down by the level railing . as they move into another wing hallway , the viewer 's viewpoint move back down to the ballroom floor to see a gloat darwin and minerva enter , the latter still on the phone . minerva everybody here , in Rome , wish you tinsel box of love ... the servant move away from the tablecloth and the table , revealing that it be shape like a M. a group of serious soviet v.i.p. 's come out to join the mayflower at the table . the roof Kaplan hang up the phone . kaplan lazy , rich , condescending bitch . the team move up to the rooftop doorway where kit kat be . he hold up a " about time " card . the agent laugh and greet they . int . a very long , enigmatic hallway Hawk , Alex , and Anna pass through a set of window double door into a very long hallway that lead into a pitch darkness . a mural of a happy , arm-stretched lenin loom above the door . they give it a a quick glance before pull out screwdriver and wire hanger . alex eighth room down , babe ... anna Guards come exactly every three minute .... hawk Three . oh. oh. " side by side . " we trio charge down the hallway . hawk " oh , we be not get a barrel of money . alex " maybe we be rag and funny . " they reach a massive spooky door with a odd , ancient lock . they go to work on it . not lose the beat . hawk and alex " but we will travel along , sing a song . side by side ... " int . top floor hallway with a gust of wind , Kaplan and the candy bar bluster through the rooftop door into another hallway , where soviet guard two and three be take it easy . kaplan create a diversion . snicker and butterfinger calmly blow away both guard with silence mini-Uzis . soviet guard four rush out a door before the agent , zipping up he fly . almond Joy twist he neck with a agonizing SNAP . the long hallway Hawk , Anna , and Alex retreat beneath the lenin mural through the window double door . behind the door , they poke up to see a bespectacled guard emerge from the darkness to check out the door . alex now that 's a lock . hawk do not worry , we will get it ... anna can I sing this time , too ? please ? Hawk and Alex be not thrilled about the idea , but Anna 's eye flutter do it . hawk uh , I guess so . the bespectacle Guard move back into the darkness . the ballroom the Soviet v.i.p. 's open up present of pink L.A. gear tennis shoe , silly t-shirt , and nintendo joystick as a stand darwin hypnotize they . darwin I look at you Soviet people and I feel ... pity ... superiority . most of you life , you government have tell you that capitalism turn people into robot who would rather eat microwave sushi , naked in the back of a cadillac than hear the laughter of child . minerva ( smile ) we be here to say , you government be right . darwin so let 's get busy . have some fun and make some deal . at the lock Alex hold a light match into the lock , while Hawk do something incomprehensible with a screwdriver . they be improvise ... hawk " oh this lock be a pain in the bu-utt " alex " how would we ever get such in a ru-utt " Anna suddenly , boom out the chorus in a way that Hawk and Alex can barely concentrate . anna " but we will travel the road , share the load . side by side ! " the hallway above the CIA team saunter through corpse up to a door similar in lock and design to the one Hawk and Alex be work on . snicker 's computer screen show the blue light directly above the green light . snicker this be the room above the Art treasure room . the lock be a natalya Z-Z , first create ... almond joy snicker , baby , I love you like a brother , but really , who care ? silencer bomb ... butterfinger pull from around he shoulder a strange rifle . he attaches to the front of it ; , a glass encase , suctioning time - bomb from a waist satchel . he fire the bomb against the door and it start tick . behind the windowed double door come Hawk , Alex , and Anna , panting . hawk that be close .... alex Anna , I think you better stay .... hawk you can be lookout !..... take Alex 's gun . Alex hand Anna he gun , who glumly take it like a Little sister not allow to play . Hawk and Alex go back through the door . the hallway above the CIA bomb blow up the door with a weird silencer sound . Kaplan and the candy bar giddily whoop as they rush through the smoking door . the ballroom --second level Anna meander across the second level mutter to herself in italian and amusingly imitate Hawk 's condescension . anna " you can be the lookout . " Anna suddenly move past the pillar to see the mayflower and the v.i.p.s . she gasp and hurl herself behind the second level railing . the ballroom floor a very dignified soviet leader , in a shit happens baseball cap , address darwin . soviet leader before we serve you " the main course , " hee , hee , we need to know specifics about what you can do for we . we -- darwin bluntness . how amusingly hungarian . listen up , for reason I do not want to get into , I recently have to close down a petroleum factory , but I be go to re-build it here and madonna 's go to cut the ribbon ! frozen burrito in leningrad . 1982 fantasy . 1992 reality . the lock outside the door Hawk and Alex more frantically toil on the lock . hawk " we all have we quarrel and parte ... " alex " but we will be the same as we start ... the lock clunk open . they race through the door into ... int . the art treasure room Hawk and Alex weave through the room which be cramme , with little nuance , to the gill with great art treasure include a impressive array of faberge egg . a solid gold hammer and sickle hang on one wall ... hawk and alex " just travel along , sing a song . side - - " hawk geez , this place be a mess ... alex voila ... they rumble toward a open in the wall of the room cover by a small curtain that have the Da vinci man in the Circle draw emblazon across it . Hawk reach for the curtain . Alex put he arm around he and speak , not sing . alex side by side , man ... suddenly , the roof above they explode . Kaplan and the candy bar drop down behind they . almond joy what the hell .... snicker you be suppose to be dead ! alex I be a ghost . boo. hawk I do not want to sound immature , but we be here first ... kaplan I wish I could think of that cute quip the way you can , Hawk , but I can not , so I will just shoot Alex . Kaplan point blank shoot Alex in the chest . Alex crumple backward , moan . butterfinger , casually , but with incredible strength , hold Hawk 's arm behind he back . hawk no .... almond joy that be pretty uncool , George ... kaplan sorry , you know he kind of remind I of Little Eddie . but I digress . ah , victory be so sweet .... Kaplan pull back the Da vinci curtain . nothing be there . the ballroom banquet a soviet chef lift up a silver dome serve tray , revealing the Da vinci helicopter model . minerva yum . this be the best meal I ever have ... anna bulge she eye at the revelation . she pull out Alex 's gun and bang herself in the head . what to do .... the art treasure room Kaplan be bugging out . kaplan damnit , this be not the plan ! Blue light , green light , shit ! snicker , kit kat , a.j. , scramble , see if you can find out anything . they thunder out . Hawk , still in butterfinger 's oblivious clutches , shout .. hawk can not you see the mayflower double - cross you ... kaplan they may be scum , but if I get the Da vinci model back , then we will be roasting weeny on the beach . hawk I do not think you will appreciate they choice of weenie . Kaplan raise he gun . the ballroom banquet darwin hold the Da vinci model in one hand and raise a glass of vodka in the other . darwin you be help we achieve a goal and in return , I be give you a key to the world 's executive washroom . do not piss it away .... skoal , amigo ... anna ( o.s. ) stop or I will shoot . minerva and some various Soviet vip spew they vodka to look up to Anna point a gun down at they from the second level . she be shiver , shaking the gun . anna you people be immoral and narcissitic and I will not let you ... in unison , the Soviet Soldiers surround the table begin machine gun up at she . she dive behind the railing . the art treasure room Kaplan lower he gun . kaplan I can not believe this . I be in fuck Russia , or do I have to say , the fuck Soviet Union and I be shoot a non-bolshevick . ( raise back up he gun ) I never think I would say " I be just in this job for the money . " sad . any last immature quip ? hawk no. ( a beat ) but why do you let butterfinger keep that blood stain on he shirt ? falling for the oldest trick in the book , butterfinger look down to he shirt . butterfinger what blood stain .... Hawk bounce up to savagely head - butt butterfinger . butterfinger slam back against a wall cause the gold sickle to fall down around he neck and knock he to the ground , pin he head to the floor . the gold Hammer next tremble off the wall and crush butterfinger 's skull . hawk you want immature , how ' bout a egg fight ... Hawk fling a faberge egg , smash the gun out of Kaplan 's hand . Hawk pelt a batch more at he . Kaplan sloppily whip some egg back . Hawk finally smashes one in half and bean the jag piece into Kaplan 's eye . he squeal to the ground , geyser blood . Hawk swoops down to a wheeze , breath control Alex . hawk Alex , be you .... alex I can not believe you do not notice . my weight . I lose ten pound in Rome hawk you be a reed , man . I gotta get Anna . hang in there ... the ballroom bullet stop splintering around Anna at the railing as the soldier fling out they empty cartridge to reload . snicker , almond Joy , and kit kat race out of the hall - way area into the ballroom area . they stop at the sight of Anna .... almond joy anna-bannana - fo-fanna , I guess I have to cut out you heart for real now . it 's not personal . Anna feebly raise she gun . almond Joy laugh and pull out a knife . almond joy you will not shoot . I read you dossier ... sister . the Soviet Soldiers snap in new cartridge as almond Joy move out from behind the pillar towards Anna . the Soldiers blast away at this newly appear figure . almond Joy rupture and vibrate in a sonny corleone ballet . almond joy I gotta get a new job ... snicker and kit kat militarily roll on either side of Anna as they partner wilt to the ground . the man , snicker with he mini - uzi , kit kat with he cross - bow rifle , briefly leap up to fire down at the soldier with some graphic success . Anna watch darwin and minerva head up the stair to she level . she bolt off .... ballroom floor the last of the Soviet vip flee as the Soldiers tip over the m shape table on its side , use it for cover , fire upward . kit kat break off and scurries around the second level to get a position behind the m . he fire down a arrow for a successful kill . another guard try to fire up , but kit kat impale he to the back of the table with a quality shot . kit kat grin and reload as Alfred , the butler , regally creep behind he . hawk come out of the long hallway double door up to where Anna be bustling . they hug ... anna the mayflower get ... Hawk and Anna turn to see the mayflower hasten in they direction . notice they back , the model-tote mayflower halt . kit kat turn to Alfred and fire he crossbow . Alfred effort - lessly cut it in half with he blade and continue to move forward . still smile , kit kat try to reload . minerva break the standstill . darwin what a pleasant surprise . you be probably wonder ... hawk but you be go to tell we anyway ... minerva I hate a man with a sense of humor . while you corn dog be compare the length of you masculinity , we obtain the helicopter the new fashioned way : a thoroughly corrupt business deal . hawk if you think you be get past I ... grunting behind they , snicker gun -butt Hawk to the ground . hawk do not be stupid ... they ... snicker bastard ! if you be a true american . hawk just shut up and hit I ! snicker swing a punch . Hawk block it then whomp he in the chest . as they battle , darwin grab Anna 's hair , slam she into a pillar , and watch she crumple . kit kat get in a arrow but it 's too late . Alfred stab he deep , deep , deeply , and lift he from the ground . a shower of card read " ouch " " pain " and " this really hurt " rain from out of kit kat 's coat . Alfred discard he over the edge . kit kat sail down upon the M. the lone card of " fuck " plop from he open eye corpse . hawk and snicker trade fierce blow , stumbling down a staircase . darwin and minerva watch the fight with amusement . Alfred approach . darwin Alfred , the getaway car ... snicker slashes Hawk in the arm with a small but sinister blade . hawk damnit , I hate this ! I be a cat burglar ! nobody say anything about this fight - to- the-death shit . snicker too bad . snicker go for a final thrust when suddenly one of the silencer time bomb suction to he head . Hawk turn to see Alex , barely stand , at the top of the stair , hold the strange rifle . darwin and minerva turn to this dramatic entrance . they start to trot off ... minerva I know it ! I tell you it be a fake . darwin that New - York -italian - Father - made-twenty - buck -a-week -son - of - a-bitch . what be we bet ? a million ? minerva million five , lover ... hawk boot snicker down the stair . snicker somersault up and frantically try to pull off the bomb . snicker wail to the soldier , who have lower they gun and be poke they head out of the m to watch . snicker help I you Democratic Reform lover ! get a screwdriver , you stupid eskimo ! screw-dri-ver ! oh God , I always want to know how to play the harp , there just be so little time ! rosebud ! the soldier high - tail it out . snicker plug he ear . nothing happen . snicker maybe it be just a .... snicker blow up gloriously before the M. the staircase Hawk bound up to Alex , who puff down onto the step . alex get them . they go down the hallway . hawk let 's just forget it , I mean ... alex get they .... Hawk rush up the. stair , give a " what can I do ? " glance to the unconscious Anna , and then continue rush , past a pillar . minerva emerge from behind the pillar and move forward . the long enigmatic hallway Hawk chug beneath the lenin mural and down the hall - way . he see darwin breeze in front of he . darwin look back to Hawk then run forward into the darkness . the ballroom minera sit down next to the pain Alex . minerva Alex . how 's it go ? alex go , go to Hell , to Hell . minerva pull out a candy bar and rip it open . minerva where 's you insulin .... no? well , bon appetite . minerva savagely slam Alex 's head down and shove the candy bar in he mouth . the hallway Hawk move closer and closer to the darkness of the hallway when a one - eye and bleed George Kaplan dive out of the Art treasure room and tackle he . Hawk kick he off ... hawk oh , come on .... the ballroom Alex gulp down the last of the candy bar , shiver . minerva very good , Alex , but you be still alive .... she pull out another candy bar . Alex , with a last burst of strength , punch she across the face . minerva that 's fair . the long hallway Hawk and Kaplan lock onto each other 's throat . hawk why do this have to be so hard ... kaplan tell I about it ... suddenly , of all thing , a car be hear rumbling in the darkness . Hawk and Kaplan stop fight and turn to see the may - flower limousine screeching out of the darkness with darwin stand out of the sunroof fire a gun . bullet fly around they . from he back pocket , Hawk slap the nice picture of he and Little Eddie into Kaplan 's hand . hawk take this to Hell with you ... Hawk jump up and grab a hang lamp . derange with confusion , Kaplan turn from the picture to the charge limousine . kaplan my pension ..... the drive Alfred smile through the windshield . Kaplan 's body slam into a vivid somersault crash into the windshield . Hawk 's hand burn and sizzle on the hang lamp . pass beneath , darwin raise up he gun . Hawk let go of the lamp and drop down on darwin , lock he leg around he neck and crush he down into .... the backseat of the limousine Hawk and darwin grapple on the floor of the limo . the Da vinci helicopter model bob on the backseat . darwin 's gun go off .. right through Alfred 's throat . he slump over , press down on the accelerator . the limousine blast down the hallway , sparking off the wall , and bashing off painting and mirror . the backseat darwin flick on he paper shredder and shove the side of Hawk 's hand into its tooth . outside the limousine a mist of blood cough out of the shredder vent and make a weird bloody line across the wall . int . backseat Hawk yank he hand from the shredder and grab the meg- lomaniac by the hair and shove he head down on the arm rest . Hawk turn on the pierce siren and darwin 's eye try to escape he head with a high pitch scream . darwin 's entire body buck wildly . darwin back - elbow Hawk and move down for he gun . Hawk pull he back by he hair , grab he by the ball , and push he upward through the sunroof . darwin god-damnit , I only want to destroy the world in my own image . I be a regular Joe ... darwin pound he fist on Hawk 's head as Hawk hit the sunroof switch slide it shut on darwin , pin he arm below the roof , but leave he torso twist in the wind . the mural of a happy lenin with he arm outstretch loom ahead wait to greet darwin . put two and two together , darwin lose it .... darwin not lenin , anybody but lenin . God , let 's talk abut this . the limousine charge through the double door and darwin 's body connect with the mural . inside the limo hear the crunch , Hawk flip into the front seat and brake the vehicle . Alfred 's head bounce against the steering wheel . Hawk reach over with a grin and pick up the Da vinci model . he look to Alfred , Kaplan crunch in the windshield , and darwin 's dangle leg . hawk wow , this be really gonna hurt the resale value ... the ballroom Hawk run up to a woozy Anna and help she up . she have a cross -shape blood stain on she forehead . hawk oh , honey .... Hawk look to Alex , sit on the stair , the same way he leave he . Hawk rush to he . hawk we do it man , we ... Hawk grab Alex 's shoulder . Alex fall back . written over he face in red lipstick be really dead . engage a slow motion sequence , minerva saunter behind Anna , put on red lipstick . minerva slam she back to the ground . Hawk howl then turn to see stiff - upper-lip Alfred , bleed from the neck . Hawk try to throw a punch , but Alfred block it and crunch he across the face . the Da vinci helicopter model bounce down the stair in slow motion and crack open , revealing the intricate mirror of the open scene . int . dark room atop mayflower museum --day a damage Hawk awaken in a dungeonish room and stumble to some shutter . " o solo mio " return on the sound - track as the shutter open to a postcard view of vinci . Hawk close the shutter and cut off the music . a slightly more compose Anna touch he shoulder cause he to jump slightly . they melt into a kiss . anna oh Hudson ... hawk I tell you not to call I Hudson . the only people who call I that be the nun at ... anna oh Hudson , I be a sister of the Catholic church as well as a agent . hawk ( cut - off laugh ) this be too bad to be false . Alfred enter the room in he favorite outfit with a bandage around he neck . his voice be strange , but still polite . alfred welcome back to vinci . hawk last rite , sister ? anna please , no nun joke ... they be a bad habit to get into .... get it ? Hawk and Anna unconvincingly laugh then sadly pause . hawk she kill Alex . Alfred give they a push . int . the da vinci workshop Alfred lead they through the Da vinci workshop past the bat winge glider and incongruously cramme - in tennis ball machine . int . the room of the gold machine --day Alfred grandly open double - door to reveal that Da vinci 's gold machine have be majestically re-create piece by piece . in the periphery , the 90' rear its head in the form of three technician wear headsets and gun holster who consult computer terminal . minerva ( o.s. ) gold -fi-ing -er ! Hawk and Anna turn to see minerva splashily enter in sexy funeral - wear . minerva sorry , I could not resist . you be probably wonder why you be still alive . Anna ..... as minerva speak , technician one forcibly escort Anna toward a stand near the gold machine and tightly handcuffs she to it . minerva I want you to monitor the Da vinci 's direction from the apprentice diary . and Hawk , I do not want you to go to hell without know that darwin and I 's dream come true . ( suddenly sheepish ) beside that , none of we can seem to put that damn crystal together . alfie and I be up all night with the thing . technician two commence a forcible escort of Hawk to the gold machine . Hawk cold - cock he to the ground . hawk you kill a friend . why should I help you go for the gold ? minerva it will take a couple of year of steady production , but I will flood the market with so much gold that gold itself , the foundation of all finance , will lose its meaning . broker , economist , and fellow entrepreneur will drow in the saliva of they own nervous breakdown . Markets will crash - crash . Financial empire will crumble-crumble . hawk except yours -your . the goal of world domination . well , if you put it that way , minnie . how can I resist ? minerva you can not , convict ! you be just a shmoe ! every shmoe have the fantasy the planet revolve around they . it rain , car crash stop traffic , you say " how could this happen to I ? " it 's a natural inclination . but for I , this be not a fantasy , it be reality ! you be on my planet ! you walk around the corner for coffee , out of my sight , you do not fuck exist ! the life of shmoe like you have meaning only in relation to the rich , to the powerful , to I ! Anna look at the oil cloth diary before she . she pull a compact from she pocket and hold the compact mirror over the scribbling . reading off the reflection , she eye widen . anna do it . there 's no reason to fight anymore . she 's a force of nature . try to get a grip on Anna 's word , Hawk let himself be escort to another stand before the gold machine that have the two complex crystal part and the weird mirror . minerva if you pull this off , I can not promise I will not kill you . I mean , who we try to kid ? but I will spare the Flying nun here .... hawk and to think I think you be evil incarnate in pump . minerva I kill some lovable work class italian -diabetic , but you kill the most significant male figure of the decade and a kind , gentle lover . so do not play with I . minerva flick a switch on the stand Anna 's handcuff to . Anna vibrate , be electrocute . hawk okay , fine ! minerva switch it off . give himself a head rub , Hawk bear down on the three oddly malleable object . he tangles and bend and with a loud SNAP , put they together , form the Crystal from the open scene . minerva snatch it from he and put on a head -set . minerva oh Hawk , do not ever change . go , team , go ! minerva giddily set the crystal in the same place as Da vinci have it in he machine . use a long steel pole , technician one adjust a myriad of mirror so they be in a proper angle with a series of lense culminate on the top of the machine . technician two ( black - eye ) and Three pour various chemical powder and liquid into corresponding compart - ment on the machine , beautifully decorate by the chemical 's zodiac sign . Alfred place a lead bar in its proper place . Hawk glide to Anna and undoe she handcuff . hawk I hope you know what .... anna trust Leonardo .... hawk wha ..... Anna put she finger on he lip . minerva throw a lever . steam begin to percolate from the furnace towards the machine . minerva ( into the headset ) we be for real . the machine begin to rotate , at first clunkily , then faster . the Crystal rotate comfortably in its compartment . the machine throw out its fold arm , each with a element . the arm click higher . the goggle technician stand before a time - code video monitor , take note . the chemical housing open and the chemical begin to spill and drop through brass tube . anna murmur to Hawk . anna Da vinci make the real direction in a secret script that I decode . the way the machine be run now , the gold will produce too quickly , clog , and the machine will shut itself down . be not it wonderful ? hawk yeah , but what would happen if that little mirror come out of the crystal . anna wha -- you do not want to know ... Hawk pull out the mirror from he pocket . hawk I wanna know ... anna Holy sh-h -- thing be go to get very interesting , very fast . Da vinci would be proud of you . in the machine the chemical snake down they individual path to the lead bar spin its trough . there 's a flash and a control but jarring explosion . everyone doubletake . Hawk reach down to the six foot steel pole and with one swing slam the face of all three deep in concentration technician to the ground . oblivious to the violence behind she , minerva , pull on goggle over she head - set , move closer with a religious purr . the machine triggers a fresnel lens and laserlike beam bounce around the mirror faster and faster , circle the room . outside the machine Hawk and Anna squint , blind . fling off she goggle , a literally beam minerva giggle forward . the machine beam of light converge on the top mirror and bounce into the innard of the machine with a mighty roar ! minerva see that the center of the machine gleam yellowish and molten . she move closer , shouting into she head - set . minerva Eureka , motherfucker ! the machine thunder and spin at a more aggressive pace . Hawk 's voice suddenly come on minerva 's head - set . hawk' voice ( head - set ) minnie , hate to interrupt you orgasm , but .... hawk and anna stand above the unconscious technician . Hawk be on head -set . hawk I , Anna , and Leonardo just wanna say you get the Midas touch , baby ... machine minerva turn toward the machine in anger and confusion . the center of the machine blow . the pool of molten gold rocket at the viewer . mirror explode and the laser slash at the wall . minerva tumble from the machine , scream , that be to say , try to scream , because molten gold cover she face . it bubbles and cascade , turn she into a bizarrely beautiful echo of nefertiti . hawk and anna turn to retreat , and see , stand in the mouth of the open double door , in a open shirt , wear indian war paint on he face and the word rule britannia paint on he chest , alfred ! alfred how . hawk you be unemployed , alfie . boss be dead . her plan be over . alfred ( strange voice ) my plan be just beginning . I will forgive you for deny I the pleasure of slaughtering my boorish employer , but I be afraid the birth of the new british Empire can have no witness ! hawk ooh-kay ... Alfred rush forward with a howl . Hawk meet he halfway . they trade savage punch and then lock onto each other 's throat . Anna pull a gun from a technician 's holster and pray for forgiveness . she aim steadily , and fire ... right into Hawk 's arm . this allow Alfred to knock he back with a strong punch . anna sorry ! she fire again . the bullet ping off Hawk 's belt buckle . hawk stop help I ! thou shalt not kill ! Hawk 's turn to chastize Anna , allow Alfred to kick Hawk back against a wall . Alfred lunge out with he blade , hit the wall off - angle . Hawk yank the shaft . Alfred go with the flow and press the shaft on Hawk 's throat . gasp , Hawk look to a rip in Alfred 's shirt and see a hinge and lever on the shaft . with a all or nothing jerk , Hawk flick the lever . the shaft click on the hinge . Alfred 's great strength and narrower grip make it fold away from Hawk and suddenly it be Alfred 's throat which be catch in the v-shape trap ! the momentum of the sudden change make Alfred stumble towards the wall until the point of the " V " hit it -- hawk do not lose you head over this . Hawk take the six foot steel pole and give a Babe Ruth swing right onto the V . the blade slam together and pop alfrede head off , sending it scream disembodied , high in the AIR . alfrede scream head p.o.v. Hawk and Anna be see wave up to the viewer ( alfie 's head ) . hawk Excuse my crass american humor . the machine thunder with another explosion . the da vinci workshop Hawk and Anna rush into the Da vinci workshop . she guiltily touch the surface wound on he arm . he delicately take the gun from she and laugh until he see ... bunny the dog !! stand in the open mouth of the workshop . Anna turn to Hawk ... anna allow I . Anna confidently move toward the dog until Bunny leap up and savagely clamp he tooth into she throat send she crash to the ground . Hawk pause in disbelief before raise the gun . Bunny continue to viciously gnaw away on the convulse Anna , blood gently start to emerge . Hawk can not get off a shot . he throw down the gun in exasperation . it land next to the gadget that be connect to the tennis Ball Machine . Hawk rush forward , pick up the gadget , turn the dial to ten , and then smile sweetly toward the dog . hawk oh Bunny , Ball -ball . Bunny stop he violent behavior and perkily look up blood droplet drizzle from he mouth . Hawk slam down on the gadget . a tennis ball come rocketing out of the machine . Bunny leap and catch the rocketing ball but the force of it send he flying and crashing out a window . Hawk pull up Anna as the machine completely explode . a huge chunk of the roof thud before the workshop door . Hawk suddenly look off - camera and smile . Anna shake she head vigorously . he pull she out of the frame . ext . a vinci countryside tree a man awaken from a nap and pull up he hat . it be the traveling juggler with the unforgettably etched face . he pull he three red ball from a pouch on he mule . he begin a stoic juggle when another loud boom send he to the ground . ext . outside the grand castle --day a explosion of steam and gas blow out the window ! debris frisbee toward the camera along with .... Anna , hang on Hawk 's waist , and Hawk , hang from the bar on da vinci be bat winged glider . the glider gracefully swooshes down through the castle - through the glorious vista . ext . the road to the castle the glider float to a perfect landing before the unforgettable juggler . juggler che pazzo .... Hawk and Anna collect themselves and look up to the smoke billow castle . they smile and gush in relief . they wrap arm around the confuse but warming up juggler and laugh again . a SMALL piazza the mule trot into a small storybook piazza in the hush of dawn . Hawk , Anna , and the unforgettable juggler ride atop it . a woman with a unforgettably etched face move to a cafe table with a luminous smile . she unfold a table cloth atop it and then mystically set down two cappuccino . Hawk and Anna dismount , thank the juggler , then cozy into the table . hawk have I ever tell you the world be beautiful ... ( semi-seductively ) I would really like to play nintendo with you , or something ... anna Hudson , I be afraid I be stick with god. ( smile ) but you be a close second , tough guy . what be that smile ? hawk ( broadly grin ) I get my planet back . Hawk put on a pair of sunglass that look exactly like the one Da vinci wear in the open and raise he cup . hawk the first one 's for Alex . cheer . the viewer 's viewpoint move into Hawk 's lip have a sip of that damn unmasculine european coffee . fade out . the end