" human nature " by Charlie Kaufman May 20 , 1995 first draft blackness . there be a gunshot . a crow scream . a flutter of wing . fade in : ext . forest - day Bird 's - eye view . we circle lazily above the forest . through a break in the tree , we catch a occasional glimpse of a prostrate form on the ground . as the circle camera get closer we see that the form be a human body . CUT to : extreme close - up of lila talking to the camera lila I be not sorry . a bead of sweat trickle down she cheek . then : a blind flash of light obliterate she face . CUT to : extreme close - up of puff talking to the camera puff I be sorry . a tear well in puff 's eye and run down he face . another blind flash of light . CUT to : extreme close - up of nathan talking to the camera nathan I do not even know what sorry mean anymore . as Nathan speak , a trickle of blood drip down he face from he out - of - frame forehead . another blind flash of light . CUT to : ext . police station - night it 's a frenetic hand -held shot as lila be pull from a police car and drag into the precinct house . cameras flash . Reporters shout question . lila attempt to shield she face from view , but she be handcuff and can only manage to hunch she shoulder . CUT to : int . police station - night a ratty interrogation room . institutional green wall . beat - up file cabinet . Dark . a bit of fluorescent light spill in through the frost glass door . lila , thirty , sit at the end of a long table . a reel - to- reel tape recorder whir in front of she . she be smoking . Three fat , mean-look cop sit in shadow at the other end of the table . one of the cop eye she lasciviously . lila 's hand shake as she bring the cigarette to she mouth . lila I be not sorry . so I spend the rest of my life in jail . so what ? I have be in jail my whole life anyway . a jail of blood and tissue and coursing hormone ... one of the cop sigh and massage the bridge of he nose . it 's go to be a long night . lila ...a jail call the human body . the lascivious cop smile lasciviously at lila 's reference to " human body . " lila my soul hold prisoner in this reek , stench - ride bag of bone and entrail . a bag of fece and piss and fibroid cyst in my tit and precancerous mole on my sun-damaged back ... the lascivious cop gag , then vomit on the floor . lila drag on she cigarette , calmer now . lila at least now I will be able to blame the state , not God , for my incarceration . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff , thirty , dirty , scraggly hair and beard but in a crisp business suit , testify before a congressional committee . the auditorium be fill with reporter and spectator . puff sit in front of a microphone , counsel at he side . he pour himself a glass of water , drink , clear he throat , then speak : stentorian , confident . puff I be sorry , gentleman , sorry for all of we . you 's be a complicated , sad world . this be a revelation to the assemble crowd . people whisper to each other . puff and I never know that . I be live a life of simplicity , of purity , when I be rip out of my eden and immerse in this harshness . some would argue that the life I be live be not a human life at all . and , gentleman , I do not have any clever retort . I be not a philosopher . the only thing I know be that I be sorry , sorry for my expulsion from eden , sorry for my lila rotting in she jail cell , and sorry for Nathan ... rotting in he grave . CUT to : int . white space - day Nathan , thirty , in a white robe , sit alone at a white table . everything be white except for a ooze bullet wound in Nathan 's temple . nathan I do not even know what sorry mean anymore . it 's odd . when I be alive I know -- maybe it be all I know -- but here sorry be meaningless . Love be meaningless . jealousy be meaningless . ambition be meaningless . everything that motivate my every breath while I be alive be meaningless now . ( beat ) I guess that 's how I can be sure I be really dead . CUT to : int . police station - night lila watch the slowly churn tape recorder reel , fixate . the cop who vomit be mop it up . the other two be sip coffee . lila talk . lila my story begin when I be twelve . cop ( check watch ) Jesus . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - day it 's get that fade , " memory " look . twelve year old lila hurry home from school , book clutch to she chest . other kid walk along the street in pair or group , laugh and chat . lila walk alone , a worried scowl on she face . lila ( v.o. ) something terrible happen when I be twelve . CUT to : int . little girl be room - day color be still mute . it look to be somewhere in the early 70 's base on the preponderance of Bay City roller poster on the wall . twelve year old lila enter the room , close the door , lock it , rattles the doorknob to make sure that the door be really lock . she draw the shade . she pull some t-shirt from she dresser drawer and stuff they into the space between the bottom of the door and the floor . kid brother ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) hey , no fair ! twelve year old lila Drop dead , Eric . lila stand nervously in front of the full - length mirror on she closet door . she take a deep breath and begin to unbutton she shirt , watch herself carefully in the mirror . adult lila ( v.o. ) something terrible start to happen to my body when I be twelve . my mother say because of it I would never be able to get a man , so I should get use to the idea of dedicate my life to the pursuit of knowledge , or religion ... or whatever . lila 's shirt be now unbuttone . she pull it open . she be wear a training bra over the very beginning of breast bud . on the chest above the bra , and on she stomach below it , be hair . Dark curly hair . she stare at it , touch it cautiously . then she start to cry . she crouch into a ball and weep . adult lila ( v.o. ) the doctor say ... CUT to : int . doctor' office - day Old fashioned office . twelve year old lila sit on the examination table , she shirt off . a elderly male doctor touch the hair , finger it . her mother look on . doctor ( to the mother ) it 's hormonal . nature be a funny and complex thing . it could get worse with time . Young lila turn to the camera . twelve year old lila by the time I be twenty I look like a ape . CUT to : int . police station - night the cop who vomit , gag again . lila stare at he . her face be hard , blank . she stub out she cigarette . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff testify before the committee . puff I do not think there 's anyone in the world who do not know by now that I be raise in the wilderness by a ape . well , to be fair , by a man who think himself a ape , but it amount to the same thing gentleman , do it not ? dissolve to : ext . forest clearing - day . this have a fade , " memory " look also . a naked , bearded , dirty middle - age man and a naked , dirty ten year old puff walk along like ape , crouch over and drag they knuckle . puff ( v.o. ) my father escape from a New Jersey mental institution in 1963 . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night it 's raining and desert . puff 's father , in pajamas , come tear around the corner . he run crazily towards the camera , wave he arm , puffing out he cheek . puff ( v.o. ) he have be commit the previous year after apply one too many time at we local zoo for the job of " apprentice ape . " puff 's father pass a newspaper vend machine , stop , go back and examine the headline . it read : President Kennedy assassinate . puff 's father look heavenward and clutches at he temple in despair . puff ( v.o. ) my father see what the human race have come to while he be ... in captivity . he feel something have to be do to create a better world . CUT to : ext . suburban house - night puff 's father climb out a second story window with a small bundle in he arm . he run off into the night . puff ( v.o. ) he steal little I from my mother , he ex-wife , and raise I , with love and tenderness and respect , as a ape like himself . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff look pointedly at the congressman . puff ape do not assassinate they president , gentleman . the congressman be shame : they look down , they take note , they mumble instruction to the assistant seat behind they . CUT to : ext . forest - day a adult puff and he now older father sit on the forest floor and pick bug off each other and eat they . puff ( v.o. ) until quite recently I believe myself to be a ape , although I do not know specifically what type . ape do not think in term of type . dissolve to : int . auditorium - day puff testify . puff it might be argue , gentleman , that ape do not even know that they be ape . in retrospect , however , I would say that I be a pygmy chimp . puff hold up a illustration of a pygmy chimp . several reporter run from the room : a scoop ! CUT to : int . white space - day Nathan talk to nobody in particular . nathan I have to say I always hate ape . of course I do not any longer . I do not even know what hate mean now . but while alive , I hate ape . I blame my parent . I mean , I do not blame they . I do not know what blame be , really , anymore , but I think they influence I in my ape-hate tendency . dissolve to : ext . zoo - day fade color . ten year old Nathan in a bow tie and shortpant suit walk along with he uptight , british parent . they arrive at the ape pen . Nathan be excited . he jump up and down . the ape jump up and down also . nathan as a boy monkey ! look , mama , monkey ! mother ( clamping down on he shoulder ) Nathan , that be not monkey . that be ape . Mountain gorilla to be precise . there be a commotion off screen . two uniform attendant drag puff 's father , straitjacketed and kick and scream like a ape , past Nathan and he parent . puff' father I be not a human be ! I be a animal ! Nathan , he father , and the other zoo patron look on curiously , a little frighten . Nathan 's mother choose to ignore it . mother and furthermore ... tell he , harold . father ( distract ) uh ... ( then by rote ) we must never act like ape , son . for you see , the ape be we close biological relative -- specifically the pygmy chimp . ( hold up the same illustration of a pygmy chimp that puff show the congressional committee ) a single chromosome separate we . but you know what truly separate we from the ape , what make we better than ape ? nathan as a boy no , papa . what ? father Culture . civilization . refinement . if we do not have this as human , then we might as well be live in pen and throw we fece about , masturbate in public ... ( beat , a reverie ) ... sniff red swollen female rump ... mother enough , harold . CUT to : int . police station - night lila light a new cigarette with she spend one . she drag . lila oh , I have sexual urge . I have the urge to merge , officer . Inside I be 100 % grade a female . ( laugh derisively ) but what self - loathing I feel ! who would have someone as repulsive , as unladylike as I ? I do everything I could to shield the world from this repulsiveness . dissolve to : int . college dorm bathroom - day stocking hang over the shower curtain rod . the window shade be draw . towel be stuff in the space under the door . a twenty year old naked lila be cover with shave cream , face to foot . she be shave . there be a pound on the door . female roommate ( o.s. ) lila , what be you do in there ? I need to get ready for my date . lila nothing ! I will be out in a minute ! the door open . lila freeze . female roommate look , I will just ... ( stop in she track when she see lila ) what the ...? lila be mortify . dissolve to : int . dorm room - a bit later lila be sit in she bathrobe on she bed and stare out the window . there be a bit of shave cream behind she ear . her roommate run back and forth get ready for she date . female roommate I do not know why you do not tell I about this . lila it 's embarrassing , okay ? female roommate it 's not so bad . ( beat ) so , it just keep grow ? lila yeah , Natalie . it 's hair . it grow . female roommate well , do not jump down my throat . I be just try to help . lila how be that help , Natalie ? how exactly ? female roommate look , if you be go to be like that ... you should be appreciative that I be interested . lila why , because I be a freak and you be beautiful , and you be be nice enough to come down to my freak , nonbeautiful level and act concerned about my repulsive trouble ? female roommate ( peg ) you be fuck up , lila . ( out the door ) why do not you fuck try electrolysis or something ? figure it out for chrissake . the door slam . lila hug she knee to she chest . lila ( v.o. ) at sixty dollar a hour , electrolysis be not a feasible solution . I explore my alternative . CUT to : int . art museum - day twelve year old lila walk sadly through a art museum . she look at various old portrait of man . she study they facial hair . when she turn a corner , she be shocked to see a large Renaissance painting of a naked woman entirely cover with fur . she hurry to it . she look at the placard next to the painting . it be a painting of Mary magdalene . lila ( v.o. ) I remember once come across a painting of Mary magdalene entirely cover with fur . I guess that 's where I get the idea that maybe the Catholic Church might be a place that encourage excessive hair growth in its woman . int . convent - day lila , in a nun 's habit , be on she knee praying . lila ( v.o. ) so I become a nun . lila heavenly Father ... ( sigh ) ... please let this hair go away . lila ( v.o. ) but my prayer be always so selfish . CUT to : ext . field - night a bunch of naked woman dance and chat around a campfire . lila be there , pretty hairy . so be many of the other woman . lila ( v.o. ) I try be a lesbian separatist . lesbian ( chant ) a woman without a man / be like a fish without a bicycle . lila ( v.o. ) but I guess I just be not attract to woman , even hostile , man-hate , hairy one who wear sensible shoe . CUT to : int . tent - day lila , in a full beard , sit on a throne before a crowd of gawk , dumb-look , mouth - breathe child . next to she on a separate stage be a sour-look , middle - age midget man sit on a throne , stare blankly into space . lila ( v.o. ) for a while I be a professional circus freak . dissolve to : int . tent - day lila , in a Santa suit , with beard spray white , sit on a throne in front of a crowd of gawk , dumb-look , mouth - breathe child . one of they be on she lap . next to she sit the sour midget , dress in a elf suit . lila ( v.o. ) during the holiday season , they make we wear costume . lila ( depressed ) Ho ho ho . kid on her lap that 's not real . the kid pull lila 's beard . lila ow ! you little fuck . lila ( v.o. ) aside from the great dental , this occupation be not pleasant . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night lila walk home . she 's wrap in winter clothing , but we can still see a bit of she white beard . it 's snow . the street be desert . she spot a light window , she peer in . it 's a warm family scene . large group of chat , laugh people . Fire in the fireplace . Big turkey on the table . lila ( v.o. ) they say the holiday be difficult for a lot of people . lila look down the street and see dozen of lonely - look people peer forlornly in warmly light window . some on ladder to peer in second - floor window . lila sigh . CUT to : int . bathroom - night the room be light with candle . lila finish shave herself all over . then she take the double - edge blade out of the razor and climb into the a bathtub fill with warm water . she be about to slice she wrist . lila ( v.o. ) I decide there be something poetic about kill myself with a razor blade . on the shelf next to the tub a little gray mouse watch she intently . at first she be startle , but then she and the creature seem to be commune . his little black beady eye reflect the light . lila start to cry . she put down the blade . CUT to : int . police station - night lila wipe a tear from she eye . lila the way that mouse look at I . there be no judgement . it do not care if I have hair all over my body . I be just what I be . I feel so free . do you understand what I be say ? the cop look up , on the spot . it seem they mind be elsewhere . cop something about a mouse , right ? lila sigh . dissolve to : ext . forest - early morning we see a tent in a clear . a smoking campfire . there be a rustling inside the tent . lila step out naked . she be cover with fur . she pour a cup of coffee , and stand , comfortable in she skin , watch the world around she . Squirrels jump from tree to tree , bird look down at she . she smile . lila ( v.o. ) bird and squirrel and rock and tree do not seem to judge my hair . I feel at peace when there be no human around . I figure out a way to spend as much time as possible with no people around . I become a nature writer . lila pick up a pad and pen from a rock , sit on the rock and write . CUT to : int . beauty parlor - day a woman under a hair drier read a book intently . we see the first sentence of the chapter : " last night I almost die on this mountain top . " we hear lila 's dramatic read compete with the very loud sound of the hair drier . lila last night I almost die on this mountain top , and the irony be I have never feel more alive . dissolve to : ext . forest - night there be a violent , violent storm . the hair drier drine have turn into the explosive noise of rain beat down in sheet and wind howling at fifty mile a hour . branch crack . lila 's tent blow over , revealing she huddle there with a sleep bag wrap around she like a blanket . lila I know it be come when in late afternoon , a thunderhead drift over , sneaking in like kid through the back door of a movie theater , force casual . it turn the sky a queer shade of green . a green that say " watch out , baby , this be gonna hurt like hell . " I could have hightaile , but that would be cheating . part of the nature experience be recognize its mastery over you , you smallness in the face of it . lightn hit a tree nearby . it fall with a smack practically on top of lila . she scream , then defiantly stand , throw off the sleep bag . the wind and rain whip she hair around she head . she laugh with amazing gusto and raise she arm like a runner win a marathon . lila as nietzsche say , what do not kill I make I stronger , and that go double if you be a woman . CUT to : ext . book store window - day we see many copy of a book entitle " wind in my Hair " by lila jute . lila ( v.o. ) I become a successful nature writer . CUT to : int . beauty parlor - day we see a woman under a hair drier read " wind in my Hair " . we pull back to see that a long row of woman under hair drier be read lila 's book . they all stand defiantly , proudly , knock they hair drier up and back as they do . the blow hair drier whip the woman 's wet hair around they head . the blow hair drier drine be unbearably loud . lila then I become a famous nature writer . I say to myself , fuck humanity ... CUT to : ext . bookstore window - day a big display of the book " fuck humanity " by lila jute . a long line of woman with beautifully coiffure hair snake out of the store . lila ... and I become a recluse . I have a menagerie of animal at my house . they love I because I be I . they love I on the day I shave . they love I on the day I do not . for a while this be enough . dissolve to : int . log house - day lila lie in bed tapping on a lap top . a dog lie with she and lick she knee . she seem to enjoy it , and get lose in a reverie . the dog morph into a handsome man , kissing she knee and work he way up she thigh and under she nightgown . lila be get seriously hot and bother . her head loll . but the reverie dissipate and the man turn back into a dog root around she crotch with he cold nose . she push he away . the deject dog get off the bed . lila ( v.o. ) by the time I be thirty I be very , very horny . lila get out of bed and study herself in the mirror . she brushes she hand against she hairy body . lila I have to have a man in my ... life . at any cost . I would become what I need to become to achieve this . I would become a hairless lie . the mirror image of lila shimmer and turn into lila with no body hair . lila all make - up and with a smart new hairstyle . she assume a coquettish pose and smile cutely at herself . lila I be rich enough for electrolysis by this time , so I begin the long arduous process of have each inappropriate hair burn out of my body at the root . CUT to : int . police station - night lila talk . one of the cop be doodling . one be pick wax from he ear with a pencil . one be read a paperback novel under the table . lila this be when everything change , and this be where my confession really begin . the cop look up . CUT to : int . electrologist's office - day lila lie shirtless on a table while Rose , she fifty year old electrologist , work on she back . rose progress ! lila ouch . yeah ? rose oh yes , honey . get to be smooth smooth smooth all over . smooth as a baby 's butt . lila I love it , Rose . I be get to be a real girl . rose you still in the market for a real boy ? lila always . ow . rose ( beat ) Cause there 's this guy . my brother know he . might be right up you alley . lila tell I . I could use someone up my alley . rose ( play dumb ) I do not get that . be that sexual ? lila shut up and tell I . rose handsome , thirty , psychologist ... lila love animal ? ouch . must love animal , Rose . rose love animal . love you . lila what do you mean ? rose somehow it come up that you be a friend of mine . Mr. handsome , animal - loving psychologist say he would love to meet you . lila Holy shit . you brother do not tell he about the nature of we relationship , do he ? rose my brother be discreet . lila ( rub she hand over she jaw ) wo not he be able to tell ? rose my brother say the guy 's a thirty - five year old virgin , so maybe he will not know how woman usually feel . plus he 's get bad eyesight , almost legally blind , which be helpful in this situation . plus he 's get a extremely small penis , of which he be " mortifyingly ashamed " , so chance be he will be so grateful for any non - judgmental attention , that he will be yours forever . lila God , he must be really close to you brother to tell he such personal stuff . rose yeah , well my brother be he shrink . CUT to : int . restaurant - night it 's a chi-chi place . lila sit at a table with Nathan , fastidious in dress and manner . there be a awkward firstdate silence . she sneak a glance at he crotch . then : nathan meditation on a banana slug be a delightful read . lila thank you so much . I love slug . all slug , not just banana slug . nathan as do I . lila they be so even keel . they forge ahead with slow determination . they do not get distract or side - track . they do not care what they look like . they do not care that people look at they and go , " ewww . a slug . " nathan they do not seem to be especially ego drive , this be true . lila you have get to respect that . nathan I have to say that I be not there yet . lila where ? nathan slugdom . sluggishness . whatever you would call it . I be not there yet . I still have many human characteristic . lila that 's not necessarily a bad thing . nathan yes . I suppose not . but still . one would like to move along . to move beyond . lila I be not sure we can escape we nature . believe I I have try . I be not even so sure anymore that we should want to . nathan I love that you say that . it make I feel a bit lighter . I have be rather heavy lately . think about my childhood . realizing how much a product I be of my upbringing . ( beat , cautiously ) I have be see someone . a therapist . lila ( feign surprise ) you be a therapist , right ? nathan no no . I be a psychologist , but I do research . I be a behaviorist . I work with animal . mice at the moment . lila I hope you do not perform any of that dreadful torture experiment , Nathan . nathan heavens no . my work now be ... right now I be teach mouse ... well , table manners , to be candid . lila ( beat . do not know what to say ) how 's it go ? nathan quite well , really . it 's a lot of work . a lot of reinforcement , mostly positive . right now I have get two of my subject to use napkin . tiny napkin of course . lila Paper or cloth ? nathan I hope you do not think I daft . it 's important work . it 's part of a larger sociological experiment . I be federally fund . lila what 's the larger experiment ? nathan it 's my thesis that if table manners can be teach to mouse , they can be teach to human . lila go out on a limb , be not you , Nathan ? nathan ( speech ) the truth be most people do not have table manners today . and when the foundation of civilized society crumble and disappear , civilized society in its entirely follow closely at its heel . lila I be not sure . nathan ( stridently ) courtesy , decorum , manners , be all sadly lack from we daily intercourse . rudeness , vulgarity , meanness be the norm . lila we be animal after all . nathan ergo if I can teach table manners to mouse , I can teach they to human . if I can teach table manners to human , I can save the world . Nathan blushes . lila stare at he for a long moment . her thought be unreadable . CUT to : int . electrologist's office - day lila lie on she back . Rose work on she breast . rose so ? lila I really like he , Rose . he 's so ... ( search ) ... passionate about he work . rose my brother say he like you , too . lila ( pleased ) really ? rose yeah . say he like you even more than he like he own mother . and accord to my brother Nathan 's abormally close with he mother . CUT to : int . white space - day Nathan talk . nathan I begin go to a therapist when I be in my thirty , because I feel that I be not enjoy life the way my friend be . ( beat ) after a time my childhood come up . dissolve to : int . dine room - day it be another sepia scene . Nathan as a ten year old sit at the table with he parent . there be a bowl of salad in front of each of they . everyone 's head be bow in prayer . father Lord , we thank you for this bountiful gift we be about to receive . all amen . eye open , and young Nathan reach for a fork to eat the salad . he grab the wrong fork . mother 's eye widen in horror . mother my God , no ! my God ! ( disappointed ) oh , Nathan . Nathan look up . mother that be the wrong fork , young man . ( to father ) harold , tell the boy . father that be the wrong fork , young man . nathan as a boy ( panicky ) I will use the right one . I be sorry . I forget . mother harold , tell the boy more . father too late . go to you room . nathan as a boy but ... mother harold ! tell the boy again . father ( look at mother ) no " but . " go to you room now . mother ( look at father ) and ? father and think about what you have do . dissolve to : int . therapist's office - day adult Nathan sit on the couch , dabbing at he eye . wendall , he therapist sit across from he and write something in he notebook . wendall and do you think maybe this early childhood indoctrination have something to do with you interest in table manners in the present . Nathan think long and hard about this . he seem to be really strain , squinting he eye . finally : nathan I do not think so . no. wendall nod and scribbles something on he pad . nathan why do you ask ? wendall look up . CUT to : int . lab - day everything 's white . people in lab coat hustle back and forth . Nathan , also in a lab coat , be hover over a lucite encasement . Inside we see two white mouse , both attach to electrode . they sit in little chair at a little table . in front of each of they be a little plate of salad and three fork of vary size under lucite dome . Nathan nod to he pretty french assistant , gabrielle , who press a button . the lucite dome over the salad lift . tentatively both mouse reach for a fork . there be a tiny piece of velcro on each mouse 's paw and a tiny piece of velcro on each of the fork . the first mouse pick the correct fork , and stab it into the salad and eat happily , relieved . the second mouse pick the wrong fork . Nathan press a button , which send the mouse fly off he chair with a electric shock . the correct mouse keep eat , unconcern . Nathan make a note in he notebook . gabrielle watch Nathan as he write , enchant . CUT to : int . nathan' apartment - night the table be elegantly set , candlelit . lila sit at it while Nathan fuss in the kitchenette . something classical waft over from the stereo in the live room . Nathan place a salad in front of lila and sit across from she with he own salad . lila it look wonderful . nathan you look wonderful . I be on top of the world tonight , lila . work be go splendidly and my personal life be ... lila pick up a fork from the inside of she set , not the outside . Nathan blink . lila taste the salad . lila um-mmm . oh Nathan , this salad be delish ... nathan ( clench tooth ) my God ! the fork ! the fork ! lila I be sorry ? nathan ( strangely ) tell she , harold ... ( stop himself ) it 's just that ... it 's nothing . it 's just that the outside fork be the salad fork . one go from the outside in as the dinner progress . lila oh , I be sorry . ( pick up correct fork ) I be sorry , Nathan . I never really learn that thing . nathan ( force casual ) no biggie . there be a long silence as they both eat the salad . lila Boy , this be good ! nathan I be sorry that I become so upset . lila no , I be sorry . I be really backward in certain area . nathan ( beat , blurt ) it 's only that I really enjoy you company and ... lila you do ? nathan yes , and ... lila you really enjoy my company ? nathan yes. ( beat , blurt ) please do not talk with food in you mouth , lila . please . you be so pretty and it only mar you ... I be sorry . I be be critical . Nathan pound he forehead with he fist . lila wave she hand to indicate that it 's fine . she do not say anything because she 's chew . nathan it 's just that I have some peculiarity , and ... lila I like you , too , Nathan . nathan you do ? lila yeah ( beat ) but I have some peculiarity also . nathan ( happily ) I do not care . I do not care ! ( then , concerned ) like what , for example ? lila take a deep breath , about to go into it , think better of it . lila like nothing . Nathan smile , relieved . lila smile back . Nathan recoil slightly , skittishly half - point to he bare tooth . apparently there 's a piece of food stick in lila 's tooth . she close she mouth , run she tongue over she tooth , smile again , mouth close . CUT to : int . electrologist's office - day Rose be do lila 's foot . rose my brother say thing be go really well between you and Nathan . lila I cannot believe how in love I be with this man . rose yeah ? lila he 's so cute . I even like he cute little penis . it 's like a little pig 's penis or something . ( beat ) Rose , we connect on every level . I have finally find someone I can feel completely safe with . rose do not throw that away . I have that once with a guy . but I throw it away for a cheap thrill . lila one night stand ? rose no . I marry a midget . lila marry a midget be a cheap thrill ? rose well he be not really a midget . he be on the cusp of midgethood . that 's what make it cheap . have he be a actual midget , there would have be nothing cheap about it , my dear . lila I do not know you be into that sort of thing . rose let I tell you , honey , midget be the best keep secret in male companionship . they be portable . they be controllable . they be eager . and they be exactly the right height for a little covert oral fun on the dance floor . lila ( scream with delight , then : ) I have a friend you might like to meet . rose oh ? lila Three foot one . rose be still my crotch . lila Rose , Nathan 's no midget , but he 's ask I to move in with he . rose yeah . my brother tell I . lila and I think I be go to . rose ( mull it over ) stand on a stepladder sometimes . CUT to : int . white space - day Nathan talk . nathan lila move in with I . do I love she ? I think so . but from my new vantage point I realize that love be nothing more than a messy conglomeration of need , desperation , fear of death , insecurity about penis size , and the self - involved , ego drive need to collect other people 's heart . not that I judge it . ( put head in hand . beat. look up ) listen , I do not want to be dead yet . be there any way to ... Nathan look around for some sign of another person . there be nobody . nathan no I suppose not . ( beat ) no biggie . anyway , lila move in . we have we problem , but we both want love so badly , we turn a blind eye . int . nathan' apartment - night Nathan , lila , and Nathan 's parent ( look very , very old ) sit at the dining room table . salad be about to be eat , and everyone glance sideways over at lila , wait for she to make she move . she reach for the wrong fork , correct herself and pick the salad fork . Nathan breathes a sigh of relief . his mother look disappointed , cluck . they eat in silence . finally : lila it 's lovely to finally meet you , Mr. and Mrs. bronfman . I have hear so much about you and I have see you in photograph from Nathan 's childhood , but it 's nice to meet you in the flesh . I must say , you look exactly the same as in the photograph . mother thank you , dear . nathan actually , mother and Father , you look very , very old . you look terrible . lila Nathan ! his mother and father touch they face reflexively , then look at each other and laugh . mother tell he , harold . father Son , you mother and I be do a production of the gin game at the local community theater . we forget to take off we make -up . the mother and father laugh again . then they pull at they latex face . the wrinkle come off . and they look exactly as they do in the flashback scene , albeit a bit pink -face . there be another pause . lila ( awkward ) goodness , you two look exactly as you do in that old photo . mother ( cold ) yes , so you mention earlier , dear . nathan ( change the subject ) lila 's a nature writer , mother . mother I love nature . as long as it stay in the zoo where it belong . the father and Nathan laugh at mother 's joke . lila join in weakly , against she better judgment . mother ( to lila ) do not you agree , dear ? lila hesitates . nathan of course she do , mother . CUT to : int . nathan and lila bedroom - later Nathan be in bed , in starch pajamas . he lie on he back under perfect cover and stare straight up at the ceiling . nathan what be you do in there ? lila ( o.s. ) ( pissy ) I will be out in a minute . nathan I be sorry about my parent . lila ( o.s. ) you do not seem sorry when you be laugh at all you mother 's stupid , tasteless , cruel animal joke . nathan I be simply attempt to keep the evening light . you know that I feel similarly to you about nature . lila ( o.s. ) do you ? nathan of course . ( beat ) I simply love the ... naturalness of it all . lila emerge from the bathroom , radiant , hopeful . lila do you ? oh do you , darling ? nathan why certainly ! lila happily leap into bed . she smother Nathan with kiss . lila oh , darling . I be so relieved . let 's celebrate with a long hike in the wood tomorrow ! nathan ( oh shit ) that 's a great idea . Nathan kiss she . lila it will be wonderful ! I will show you my old stomping grounds ! nathan terrific . can not wait ! Nathan kiss she ear . he look confuse , stick he finger behind she ear , and pull it out with a dab of shave cream on it . nathan shave cream ? lila I do not think so . ( beat ) why ? CUT to : int . car - morning Nathan drive . he 's dress in spanking new , freshly starch safari clothes , big shiny new hike boot . lila sit in the front passenger seat . she be dress in a costume identical to Nathan 's , but , as oppose to Nathan , she seem awkward in it . she fidget in it , straighten it , sigh , come to term with it , and look dreamily out the window at the pass tree . she be home . that 's all that matter . nathan darling , do you bring the insect repellent lotion ? lila yes , darling . nathan ( beat ) oh , and the sun block ? lila of course . nathan what spf , sweetie ? lila Fifteen . nathan perfectomundo ! we be ready ! ( beat ) say , would not it be wonderful to have a insect repellent lotion that also work as a sun block ? think of all the time one would save . lila yes , darling . nathan I think I will get johannsen in chemistry on that . ( beat ) oh ! do you bring the first aid kit ? lila yes . nathan flare ? lila absolutely . nathan we could call it " quit bugging I , sunny . " ( laugh a lot ) get it ? sunny . s-u-n-n-y . lila ( laugh appreciatively ) that 's very funny . nathan I love you so much . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff testify . puff then , gentleman , one day I see something I have not see since my father die in a freak accident involve a rotted log and four thousand bee sting he head ... I see other human being . they chatter away at each other in what appear to be gibberish . later I learn it be English . now I wonder if perhaps my initial assessment have not be correct . dissolve to : ext . forest - day puff 's Pov : through some brush we watch Nathan and lila hike . we hear puff 's loud heavy breathe and , in the distance , the relentless gibberish chatter of Nathan and lila . puff move . lila glance over . CUT to : int . police station - night lila talk . lila it be a flash of white . I rule out deer immediately . too ... upright . CUT to : int . forest - day we be with lila and Nathan now . lila have stop and be peer into the distance . lila do you see that ? nathan what ? lila I do not know . something . nathan a deer ? lila no. too ... upright . might have be a person . nathan ( nervously ) it might behoove we to turn back at this point . lila walk in the direction of the sighting . lila come on . nathan ( not budging ) if it 's a person , why should we go see it ? it 's not like it 's nature or anything . it 's just a person . ( beat ) sometimes people who live in the wood do not want to be see . they live in the wood because they be anti-social , lila . we have to respect that . lila trudge through the brush . Nathan follow . better than be leave behind . nathan this be the way to get tick , lila . this be it . bingo ! lyme Disease ! you have hit the nail on the head here . lila be in she element . her whole demeanor have change . she be tracking . she sniff the breeze , cock she head , move stealthily . then she shed she clothes , almost shaking they off , like a dog shaking off some cute costume he owner have dress he in . nathan oh for God 's sa ... lila turn she head and glare at Nathan . there be a animal fierceness in she eye that shut he up instantly . she turn back to pursue she prey . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff testify . puff I have never see anything like it . dissolve to : ext . forest - day puff 's Pov : we see a naked lila look in we general direction , but not see we . the sun dapple she body . she move closer and closer . puff ( v.o . ) it be a ape as I have never see before . like I , yet different in certain essential detail . and all at once I feel a heat pass through I . my heart race . gentlemen , I want to touch she , to caress she , to be one with she . I have urge and desire I could not explain . I feel overwhelm by the power this strange creature have over I , and so I do what any animal would do when it come across a animal of superior strength ... CUT to : int . police station - night the cop be transfix . lila he bolt . CUT to : int . forest - day we be with lila . she creep along , when suddenly a tan , muscular figure tear out from behind a tree and run , practically on all four , through the dense underbrush . lila follow , almost as agile as the forest creature . Nathan just stand there . the chase continue . there be a great deal of heaving and panting . puff shimmy up a large tree . lila follow . puff leap from branch to branch . lila follow easily . puff swing from a vine . so do lila . finally they come to the end of the tree , a clear . there be no nowhere for puff to leap . lila be with he in the tree . they be crouch , bloody , heaving , on separate branch , stare at each other . after a long moment , lila speak . lila who be you ? puff cock he head . the high timbre of she voice surprise he , please he , but he do not understand the word . lila you do not understand my language , do you ? puff look at he crotch . apparently there be some activity down there . lila , follow he eye , glance down there also . lila ( laugh ) I take it back , you do understand my language . puff grab for he crotch and begin to play with himself distractedly , look at she all the while . he fall out of the tree . lila gasp . branch crack and snap as he pass through they and then there be a unpleasant thud when he hit the forest floor . lila shimmy down the tree , and kneel by puff . he be unconscious . lila oh god. Nathan come limping through the brush . somehow he safari suit and boot be as clean and press as they be in the car . he be carry lila 's clothes . somehow he have have time to neatly fold they . nathan oh my God ! be he dead ? please put something on . lila look up at icily at Nathan . nathan you will catch cold . it 's cold . ( beat ) what do you suppose he be , a survivalist ? lila I think he 's feral . nathan ( jump back ) feral ? do not touch he ! he might be disease ! he might ... my God , raby ! lila he look perfectly fine . nathan I think we should go . please . before he wake up and , I do not know , eat we , or whatever feral thing do . lila I do not understand you . this be fascinating and you just want to run away . I mean , here we have a human be totally uncontaminated by civilization , totally free , and all you want to do be run back to you ... nathan ( think ) actually , I just have a amusing think . lila what ? nathan ( muse ) feral , huh ? totally uncontaminated ? lila look at he . he do not understand English . he move like a animal . nathan it 's perfect ! lila Nathan , what the hell be you talk about ? nathan ( do a little dance ) forget mouse ! actually forget guinea pig , cat , monkey , and chimp also . I be on to stage five : the human subject . lila oh no . you can not take he from he home , Nathan . nathan ( ranting ) do not you see ? he 's my tabula rasa , my eliza dolittle . he 's my ticket to the top of the behaviorist food chain . he 's go to make I famous . lila I will not allow you . it 's wrong . he 's happy here . nathan be he , lila ? be he happy live filthy and naked alone in this tick infest wilderness ? never to know the love of a good woman , never to revel in the pitter - patter of little foot , never to read moby Dick , or marvel at a Monet , or just sit back after a day of hard but reward work , smoke a pipe , and wonder about the nature of reality . lila ( weaken resolve ) you would be take away he freedom , Nathan . nathan freedom 's just another word for nothing leave to lose , lila , to quote Janet Jackson . lila look off into the distance , she eye brim with tear . as Nathan continue he speech , we move closer and closer into lila 's eye . Nathan 's voice fade into nothing by the time we dissolve . nathan belong to something , a person or a society , be a basic human craving . we be communal creature . this poor soul have no one , nothing ... dissolve to : ext . cliff - sunset a naked , very hairy lila sit by herself on the cliff and watch the sunset . there 's a chill in the air and she shiver and hug herself . lila oh God , I have no one . nothing . you give I this beautiful gift , this glorious sunset . but with no one to say " be not that a beautiful sunset " to , it become meaningless , just another stupid sunset . they happen everyday . so what ? dissolve to : ext . forest - day lila be hover over the unconscious puff . Nathan 's voice come back into focus . he be still speechify . nathan ... what be it that make we human , if not the knowledge that we be indeed human ? think of this poor soul 's education as the great gift we could bestow upon ... lila all right . nathan great . grab he foot . we will throw he in the trunk . CUT to : int . lab - day Nathan hover over the lucite case with the tiny dinner table in it . his assistant , gabrielle , press a button , a door open , and two white mouse scurry in . the male pull out a chair for the female . the female climb up on the chair , and the male push the chair in , then scurries around to the other side of the table and climb onto he own chair . the lucite lid over the silverware and salad lift and both mouse pick up the proper fork and begin eat . Nathan scribbles in he notebook . gabrielle Doctor ... Nathan look up . gabrielle jerk she head in the direction of a very large lucite case . Inside , puff , now dress in a diaper and connect to all sort of electrode , be stir . Nathan and gabrielle hurry over . nathan good morning . puff groggily take in he surroundings . this be quite a lot to take in . the white room , the strange ape in strange suit , he own clothing , the wire . after surveying the scene for a moment , puff become frighten and agitate . he try to escape . not understanding lucite , he smashes into it , again and again . he tear at he diaper . Nathan give a nod to gabrielle , who press a button on a panel . a electric shock send puff fly . he lie on the floor confuse and daze . after a moment , he get up and again crash into the lucite . Nathan give the signal to gabrielle and once again she shock puff . he once again get up and crash against the lucite . again he be shocked . he get up again , and be about to crash against the lucite , but he think better of it , and squat in place , immobilize . nathan ( to gabrielle ) only three shock . a chimp take fifteen . this be go to be tre simple , no , gabrielle ? gabrielle ( in love with Nathan ) oui , doctor , oui . nathan ( to puff ) good morning ... ( to gabrielle ) we need a name for he , do not we ? gabrielle oui. nathan you decide . today be you day . gabrielle really ? my day ? well , I have a sweet little mongrel puppie name puff when I be a girl . this one remind I of my dog , all shaggy ! so cute ! ( giggle girlishly ) I love my doggie very much , monsieur . nathan ( charme ) puff it be then . puff bronfman . be that okay ? gabrielle oui. perfect ! nathan ( to puff ) good morning , puff bronfman . I be Dr. bronfman and this be my assistant gabrielle . we be you mommy and daddy while you be here . gabrielle like this concept a great deal . she smile and move closer to Nathan . nathan ( to puff ) how about some salad , son ? gabrielle poise she finger above the button . she wink at Nathan . he blushes . CUT to : ext . parking lot - evening Nathan , carry a brief case , be walk to he car . gabrielle hurry to catch up to he . her high heel click on the pavement . gabrielle Dr. bronfman ! Dr. bronfman ! Nathan turn . nathan oh , hi , gabrielle . gabrielle ( out of breath ) hi . I just want to tell you that I very much enjoy work with you . ( blushes ) now I be embarrassed that I say this . they walk along . nathan no . do not be . I really enjoy hearing that . you be a terrific assistant . gabrielle merci . I ... do you ... would you like to go get a cup of coffee , perhaps ? nathan well , I do not know . I be actually on my way to ... gabrielle now I be truly embarrassed . forgive I . I should not have ask such a stupid question . I know you be a very important man and ... nathan no . do not be silly . it 's just ... gabrielle I be a foolish little thing . I be pink in my face , no ? it be only that I have be so lonely lately and ... I be ashamed . I will see you tomorrow , okay ? unless ... be I fire now ? gabrielle pout . Nathan be charme . CUT to : int . coffee shop - evening Nathan and gabrielle sit at a romantic little table in a trendy coffee shop . gabrielle thank you so much for accompany I . nathan not at all . gabrielle I have have such a difficult time in my personal life and you seem to be such a nice man ... but I be talk too much again , no ? nathan of course not . gabrielle you be so sweet . oh , why be there not more man out there like you ? gabrielle start to cry softly . Nathan do not know what to do . his eye dart around , then : nathan there there . gabrielle look up at he appreciatively . she sniff . gabrielle you know just the right thing to say . she reach across the table and touch he hand lightly for a moment . nathan listen , you be the best assistant I have ever have ... gabrielle . gabrielle ( smile ) I like it when you say my name . be that stupid ? CUT to : int . nathan' bedroom - night Nathan , in he pajamas , lie in bed read . he look up . nathan what be you do in there ? lila ( o.s. ) nothing . be right out . the phone ring . Nathan pick it up . nathan hello ? ( beat , happily ) oh , hi ... gabrielle ! Nathan sit up in bed . lila ( o.s. ) who be it ? nathan uh-huh . right , gabrielle . right . Nathan laugh . lila ( o.s. ) who be it ? nathan ( into phone ) absolutely , gabrielle . ( cover phone , testily ) someone from work ! ( into phone ) sorry about that , gabrielle . uh-huh . exactly . Nathan laugh . lila ( o.s. ) who from work ? nathan ( into phone ) Excuse I one second , would you , gabrielle ? Nathan put down the phone and head to the bathroom . lila ( o.s. ) who be it , Nathan ? Nathan open the bathroom door . nathan look , lila , when I be on a work ... lila turn with a gasp . she have shave cream all over she chest . Nathan look stunne . he back away . lila Nathan , I ... CUT to : int . gabrielle's bedroom - night the light be low . the room be pepper with light candle . gabrielle , in a slip , lie on she bed , eat cherries from a bowl , and listen to Nathan and lila 's conversation on speaker . lila ( o.s. ) it 's hormonal , Nathan . I can not help it . I be sorry . nathan ( o.s. ) you entire body ? lila ( o.s. ) I be get electrolysis . it 's work , but it take time . so meanwhile I have to ... nathan ( o.s. ) you have to shave ? like a ape ? lila ( o.s. ) ( cry ) ape do not shave , you son of a bitch ! nathan ( o.s. ) do not quibble . you know what I mean . lila ( o.s. ) I be sorry . please do not be mad at I for this . nathan ( o.s. ) mad ? I be I be ... disgust ! lila ( o.s. ) I be the same person I be before you know , damn it ! oh God ! nathan ( o.s. ) I have to think ! I have to think ! footstep and a door slam . lila be near the phone now and cry in desperate heave . lila ( o.s. ) oh God , why ... do ... I ... have ... to ... be ... like ... oh , no ! oh , shit ! ( rustling sound , then into phone ) hello ? hello ? be anyone there ? who 's there ? gabrielle calmly pop another cherry in she mouth and hang up the phone . CUT to : int . car - night Nathan , in he pajamas , drive . his face be set in a furious scowl and he drive fast . CUT to : int . another car - night gabrielle drive leisurely . she be calm , a slight smile on she face . CUT to : int . lab - night Nathan pace in front of puff 's lucite case . puff watch suspiciously from the corner where he be huddle . the light be off . but there be a green glow from a couple of exit sign . nathan I do not get it . I do not get it . I do not get it . how could I find myself in this mess ? this be a mess . this be not a situation I understand . this be a mess . how do I extricate myself from this mess ? be my girlfriend a man ? I do not understand . this be not part of any plan . she deceive I . she have hair . ( beat ) but be I be fair ? so what if she have hair ? who be I to judge ? I have hair . ( beat ) but I be suppose to have hair . I be a man . Men be suppose to have hair . ( beat ) but poor lila . think of what she 's have to go through . the courage she 's have to have in the face of this abomination of nature . I should love she all the more . I should love every hair on she body . I mean , she do not mind that I have a mortifyingly small ... the light flick on . Nathan turn with a start . it 's gabrielle . she 's in a overcoat . she gasp . gabrielle oh , Doctor . I do not know . I be sorry to disturb you . I just come for some papers I leave . nathan gabrielle . no , I be sorry if I startle you . I come to think . ( beat , remember ) God , do I hang up on you ? gabrielle oui . perhaps I call at a bad time . I be sorry . nathan no . I just get distract . I be so sorry . gabrielle be everything fine ? nathan oui. ( laugh ) now you have get I talk french . gabrielle ( laugh ) I be in my p.j. 's when I remember I leave some papers I need to go over . ( open overcoat to reveal lingerie ) see ? I rush right out of the house . I must look a mess . I be so embarrassed . nathan ( take ) I be in my p.j. 's , too . funny , huh ? puff be take also . his eye be wide . gabrielle coincidence , yes ? ( beat ) and how be we son ? nathan we ...? oh ! ( laugh , out of control ) he seem fine . I guess we wake he . the light and all . gabrielle I should turn they off . ( she do ) maybe I sing he a lullaby my mama sing to I when I be a little girl . nathan ( a little giddy ) when you be a little french girl ? gabrielle oui. nathan ( back in control ) that would be good . gabrielle kneel by puff 's case . puff crawl over , try to touch she through the lucite . gabrielle sing a french lullaby . it 's very sweet . Nathan watch she , look at she thigh , she hair , the delicate way the tip of she nose move when she sing . puff get drowsy . he curl up on the floor and sleep . gabrielle ( quietly to Nathan ) there . Nathan stare at she , transfix . she pretend not to notice . gabrielle shall we close up , then ? nathan maybe we should just sit for a while . it 's very peaceful . gabrielle it 's nice , yes . I be glad I run into you , both in we silly pajamas . it be two happy coincidence , no ? nathan yes . happy happy . gabrielle yet you look so sad . a great man like you should not be sad . nathan I be fine . life be funny , that 's all . gabrielle stand . she stretch languorously , revealing a lot of leg . gabrielle I be sleepy . nathan I should not say this , but you be pretty , gabrielle . it 's unprofessional , I know . gabrielle really ? I always think myself so ugly . no , not ugly , but plain . a wallflower . nathan ( buy she line ) really ? no . not at all . you be a very pretty girl . you should know that . you should be confident . gabrielle thank you so much . merci . it 's very wonderful to hear a man say such a nice compliment . nathan it 's true . I would not lie . gabrielle you be sweet . gabrielle walk slowly by Nathan . he inhale deeply , breathe she in . she smile to herself . he reach out touch she leg . gabrielle ( vaguely protest ) Doctor . she move into Nathan . she press she thigh against he shoulder . Nathan lean forward , kiss she expose thigh . nathan so soft . so smooth . ( back to reality ) I be sorry . it 's just ... gabrielle ( soothing ) shh . CUT to : int . bathroom - night lila be shave herself all over . shave and weep . there be nick all over she body . she have no eyebrow any more . the hair on she head be hack off . CUT to : int . lab - night Nathan and gabrielle be lie naked on the floor . gabrielle rest she head on Nathan 's chest . nathan be that okay ? I mean , be I able to ... satisfy you ? lila you be a animal . nathan really ? wow ! that 's that 's terrific to hear from someone so ... feminine , so female . lila I love be female because it , how do you say , allow I to be close to man . nathan I be glad you be female . ( beat ) do you think we boy witness the primal scene ? gabrielle anyway it 's time he grow up . n'est - ce pa ? ( sighing , run she finger along he chest ) I love chest hair on a man . I know it be not fashionable now , hairy man . but to I it be the very sign of masculinity . Nathan tense . gabrielle look up innocently at he . gabrielle what be wrong , my darling ? nathan nothing , my darling . all be right with the world . puff watch from he case . gabrielle smile to herself . int . auditorium - day puff testify . puff I see it , gentleman . I see the whole sweaty , passionate , ugly , beautiful act , and to use the vernacular , I want I some of that . the congressman laugh appreciatively . the laughter be a little too enthusiastic and go on a little too long . it stop abruptly . puff and I think I understand from that moment , that in order to get some , I would have to do what they say . in order to experience this primal , basic , animal thing , I would first have to become a civilized , prissy , uptight human . I would have to become Nathan . the congressman nod sadly , in recognition of this reality . CUT to : int . lab - day puff , in he lucite case , sit behind a set dinner table . he seem attentive , calm , interested as Nathan teach he table manners . gabrielle stand very close , almost possessively close , to Nathan . she wear a lab coat , but it be unbuttone , and underneath she be wear a skin-tight black minidress . she stroke the back of Nathan 's head as he work with puff . nathan ( slow . talk to a idiot ) excellent , puff . now , the lady you be with excuse herself to go powder she nose . the wheel turn in puff 's head . he think hard . then he stand . gabrielle shriek and clap happily . nathan perfect . perfect , puff ! Nathan lean over and kiss gabrielle . puff watch . he make a exaggerated kissy - face , pursing he lip , try to imitate Nathan . the phone ring . gabrielle pull herself away , giggle as Nathan try to keep she from go , and pick up the phone . gabrielle ( still giggle ) Dr. bronfman 's line . yes . one moment please . ( put it on hold ) lila . nathan shit. ( take phone ) hi , honey . CUT to : int . lila and nathan' live room - continuous lila sit on the couch . eyebrow be attractively draw onto she face . she wear a very femme blonde wing . lot of make - up . lila so , how 's it go today ? nathan ( o.s. ) good . make progress . lila honey , can we talk tonight ? you know , about stuff ? thing have be so strain for the past three week , since you know , and I just want to talk . CUT to : int . lab - continuous Nathan , phone cradle between shoulder and ear , put he face in he hand . gabrielle rest a hand on he shoulder . nathan everything 's fine , honey . we do not need to talk . besides I have to work late . lila ( o.s. ) please , Nathan . I really need this . you have be work late a lot . Nathan look up helplessly at gabrielle . nathan okay , we will have dinner tonight . gabrielle get mad , exhales sharply , pull she hand away . Nathan give she a plead look , grab for she . she move away . nathan yeah . okay . be home around seven . bye. ( hang up ) what ? I be sorry . what be I suppose to do ? gabrielle ( disgust ) I do not know , Nathan . what be you suppose to do ? nathan you do not abandon somebody because they have a physical problem . gabrielle funny . I think that 's exactly what you do . you just do not have the courage to admit it to yourself . CUT to : int . white space - day Nathan talk . a tear run down he face , mingle with the blood . nathan funny . I still feel guilt . even dead . one would have hope ... but ala . you know , I really do love lila . but with she ... problem ... and then when gabrielle reveal she feeling . and gabrielle be so ... conventionally female . and she have a accent . I be lose from that moment on . but gabrielle be right . I could not admit it to myself , this shallowness of character , let alone to lila . CUT to : int . restaurant - night lila and Nathan eat . lila be in she new , very feminine make - up , wig , and dress . her table manners be impeccable , almost robotic . there be a awkward silence lila be you see somebody else , Nathan ? I just have to know . nathan of course not . lila it would just be helpful to know . nathan no . lila because , you know , you seem so distant . and you work late every night . and we hardly ever have sex , and when we do , it 's ... I do not know . it feel different . nathan I be just preoccupy . lila do you like my new look ? nathan yeah . it 's nice . it 's really good . lila I be try , you know . ( start to cry ) I be try to be what you want . I want to be what you want , Nathan . all I want be to be what you want . nathan ( embarrassed ) shh . it 's okay . ( take she hand ) it 's okay , lila . you be what I want . you know that . you be exactly what I want . lila ( hopefully , sniff ) really ? nathan sure . of course . lila because I be really try , you know . rosie say maybe only another two year of the elctrolysis . nathan ( hard to stomach ) that 's great . lila I have sign up for a ballet class . and look at my nail ! a real girl ! lila hold out she hand . her finger nail be polished fire engine red . nathan that 's great . it 's a great color for you . lila oh , Nathan , let 's have a baby ! CUT to : int . nursery - day lila hold and rock a swaddle baby . she pass it to Nathan , who look at it and see that it 's a baby monkey . Nathan shudder . lila look on lovingly , oblivious . dissolve to : int . therapist's office - day Nathan sit with he head in he hand . wendall listen attentively . nathan so anyway , that 's the nightmare I have be have lately . wendall do you suppose it have anything to do with lila 's unusually hairy body ? nathan ( beat ) no , why ? wendall well , it seem that since lila broach the subject of child , you have be on edge and I know you have a issue with the , uh , body hair . nathan ( revelation ) oh , I see . yes , that 's something to think about . that 's very good . that 's what you get the big buck , right ? ha ha . wendall I just think it might be important to explore you feeling for lila . nathan I love lila . I mean , she 's a wonderful person . and ... she love I ! that 's no small potato . I mean she really love I . she 's sacrifice so much to be in this relationship with I . and she 's a good person . a truly good person . how rare be that in this world , eh ? and how could I stop loving somebody because of a little physical imperfection , if it can even be call that . I mean , God know I be not perfect ! what about my eyesight ? it 's lousy , that 's what ! lila 's not go to leave I because of my eyesight . what about my penis ? wendall and how do you feel about gabrielle ? Nathan put he head in he hand and sigh . CUT to : int . lab - day Nathan be hold flash card up to puff . puff tentatively read aloud from the card . gabrielle sit nearby on a stool , fish - netted leg cross , arm cross , and a angry expression on she face . puff good-eve-n-ing-lay-dees-and-gent - elmen . nathan bravo , puff ! bravo ! puff smile happily . Nathan and puff both look over at gabrielle for she approval . none be forthcoming . nathan be not puff do spectacularly , honey ? gabrielle hmmmph . nathan gabby , what be it ? gabrielle hmmph . hmmph. ( beat ) Nathan , we have to talk , you and I . nathan Fine . gabrielle not in front of the boy . nathan very well . gabrielle stand , turn , and stomp across the room . Nathan follow she angry , switch hip with he eye , as do puff . she exit into the hall . Nathan look at puff and shrug . puff return the shrug . Nathan follow gabrielle into the hall . CUT to : int . hall - continuous gabrielle stand there wait , a troubled look on she face , she eye brim . Nathan emerge , try to embrace she . nathan my little french . gabrielle ( push he away ) stop . get away . nathan what be it ? gabrielle you have to choose Nathan . it 's like Sophie 's choice . only it be Nathan 's choice . do you ever see that movie , Sophie 's Choice ? it be like that . only it be this . nathan gabby , you know I be try to sort thing out . gabrielle ( hard ) no ! it be now that you must decide . ( soft ) I love you , Doctor Nathan ... ( hard ) ... but I will not wait . I will not be you chippy . I will not be you little Mademoiselle parlez- vous side dish . ( soft ) my love . I want to have a sweet tiny baby inside my belly ... from you . Nathan get a faraway look in he eye . dissolve to : ext . beach - day Nathan and gabrielle sit on a blanket on this otherwise empty beach . there be a light breeze . gabrielle have one of she breast expose and be nursing a infant . Nathan look at the baby 's face . it be angelic . he look up and smile at gabrielle . she smile back . they kiss . dissolve to : int . hall - day Nathan snap out of he reverie , look pleadingly at the wait gabrielle . nathan I love you so much , gabrielle . gabrielle but ?... but ? there be a " but , " Nathan . nathan but I do not know how to leave lila . gabrielle tear off she lab coat . underneath she be wear practically nothing , a skimpy black dress . she throw the lab coat at Nathan , turn and storm down the hall . Nathan watch until she disappear around the corner . nathan ( quietly ) now there 's a butt , Nathan . he bring the lab coat up to he face and breathes in she fragrance . CUT to : int . lila and nathan be - night lila , all prettied up and civilized and manicure , be set the table for dinner . she be hum . Nathan walk in the door . lila do not hear he . he stand in the doorway for a moment , watch lila from behind . his face be blank . lila catch sight of he . she 's startle . lila oh ! ( laugh ) I do not see you there , sneaky boy ! ( run over and kiss he ) you be like a boy sneaking in ... nathan ( so bored ) ... the back door of a movie theater . yes , indeed . lila you remember that from my book ? I be touch ! ( kiss he again ) what 's wrong ? nathan nothing . hard day . gonna have a drink . lila I will make it . ( beat he to the portable bar ) I be so happy , Nathan ! everything 's go to be so great ! scotch on the rock , right ? ( giggle ) just kid . I know what you drink , mister . I know what you drink . ( pour and blend and shake , etc . ) voila ! lila hand Nathan a frothy pink concoction with a pineapple wedge stick out of it . nathan thanks . Nathan stare contemplatively out the window and sip he drink . lila watch he , come up behind he , put she arm around he . Nathan cringe , but try to cover it . lila feel the cringe , but pretend not to have . she keep she arm around he for a moment longer , then casually remove they . lila ( fishing ) how 's work ? nathan cruddy , okay ? be you satisfied ? lila ( pouty ) no . I do not want you work to be cruddy . nathan my assistant quit today . okay ? he be highly valuable to the project . lila oh , baby . I be sorry . can not you hire somebody else ? nathan I guess . lila screw up she face in concentration , try to come with a viable solution to Nathan 's problem . lila hey ! I could come work for you ! I know I have not be all that supportive of this project , but I have come around . nathan have you ? lila oh yes , baby ! I think that this be a wonderful project you be do , take this poor unfortunate , uncivilize creature and turn he into a human be ! what a wonderful wonderful compassionate man you be ! nathan really ? lila yes ! and I want to help . you will not have to pay I , and I be think of give up that crazy nature write anyway . nathan how come ? lila who need it ? I have you and I have be a woman and I have think about womanly thing ! I love be a woman because ... nathan such as what womanly thing ? lila such as my man and how to please he ! ( kiss he ) such as make wonderful dinner for my man ! ( kiss he again , lead he to the table , sit he down ) such as look pretty for my man ! ( kiss he again ) and I be write a article on quilting for the lady Home Journal ! CUT to : int . police station - night lila I have sell my fuck soul . CUT to : int . white space - day nathan I let she sell she soul . I stand by as she do it . it 's inexcusable . ( beat ) at the time though I think it might help . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff when she come to work with Nathan , she seem different , gentleman , I do not know , somehow soulless . CUT to : int . lab - day puff be in he case in formal evening wear in a makeshift opera box . there be a mannequin woman sit next to he and a boom box pump out Beethoven 's fidelio . puff seem attentive , refine , occasionally bring a pair of opera glass up to he eye , pinky extend . outside the case , Nathan and lila look on . the opera be over . puff stand , applaud , yell " bravo " , and toss a rise in the direction of the imaginary stage . the rise hit the lucite wall and fall to the floor . Nathan and lila stand and applaud puff . nathan bravo to you , puff ! lila that be wonderful ! puff smile and perform a foppish bow , almost a curtsy . he pick up the rise , sniff it , dramatically savore its scent . CUT to : int . lila and nathan' bedroom - night Nathan and gabrielle be have sex . they be focus and intent , although gabrielle keep chat . gabrielle you be wonderful today , darling . such authority with the ape-man boy . it make I so hot for you . nathan unnhh . gabrielle the way you be tame he , it send chill down my girlish spine and ... everywhere else , too . nathan urgh . gabrielle take I , darling ! tame you little monkey of love ! there be a mutual climax . a moment of silence , then a spend Nathan roll off onto he side of the bed . we see that it be really lila in bed with he , not gabrielle . lila ( sighing ) well , I be tame , Dr. bronfman . Nathan stare up at the ceiling . nathan I be glad ... my assistant . CUT to : int . lab - day we see a montage of interaction between Nathan , puff , and lila . 1 ) Nathan demonstrate the proper way to taste wine : sniff the cork , swish the wine around in the glass , sip , nodd in the affirmative to the waiter . puff , inside he case , imitate it perfectly . 2 ) Nathan show puff a flashcard which read : " I will start tonight with the foie gras . " 3 ) puff be hold up a small hand mirror and trimming nose hair . lila applaud . 4 ) puff juggle three ball while riding a unicycle . 5 ) puff , dress as Peter Pan , stand with leg spread and hand on hip . he be sing " I gotta crow . " 6 ) puff , dress in a apron and chef 's hat , be toss a salad . there be two type of vinegar to choose from . he hesitates , then choose the balsamic . Nathan and lila applaud . 7 ) puff , in a smoking jacket and smoking a pipe , be sit in a easy chair , next to a fake fire and a fake sleep dog , and read a book of poem by yeat . lila and Nathan , outside the case , applaud and embrace . nathan I think he 's ready . lila oh boy ! puff ( jump up ) oh boy ! nathan now , puff , we be leave on the electronic collar . I do not think we will need to shock you , but just in case . puff okay . that 's fair . Nathan unlock the case . puff tentatively step out into the world . he hug Nathan . it 's a grateful , obsequious , slightly pathetic hug . Nathan hug he back , but he 's keep he at a distance . puff pull himself out of the hug , but still rest he hand on Nathan 's shoulder and look he in the eye , almost like a lover . then he part with Nathan and go over to embrace lila . she graciously receive he . after a moment in the embrace , puff start dry-hump lila . lila can not get out of he clutches . nathan no , puff ! bad ! Nathan press a button , which shock puff and send he fly . puff appear disorient , then get up off the floor , brushes himself off , and turn to lila with a bow of he head . puff my apology , madam . lila it 's okay , puff . puff sha not happen again . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day lila , Nathan , and puff walk along . puff be astound by everything he see . he look with wonderment at the tall building , the car , the many different type of people . he look like a idiot . CUT to : int . fancy restaurant - day puff , lila , and Nathan be eat lunch . everything be very proper . puff be do wonderfully . nathan this be great , puff . you be do fine . puff I be loving this . it 's such a treat to be out and about . what a wonderful invention a city be . the immense building of glass and steel glint in the afternoon sun , the smartly dress woman in they best summer frock , the colorful street vendor . the waitress come by . waitress how be everything ? puff just spectacular . great salmon . fantastico ! you have get to give I the recipe ! my compliment to the chef ! waitress I be glad you ... puff stand and grab she and start humping she . nathan puff , no ! Nathan press a button on a small black box . puff fall to the floor . the waitress look on , sort of confuse . waitress and will that be all today ? CUT to : int . taxi - day lila , Nathan , and puff be in the back seat of the move taxi . puff it sha not happen again . I swear it . I be just get my sea leg , you know . lila ( patting puff on the back ) it 's a animal urge , puff . it 's nothing to be ashamed of . nathan lila ! tell he . lila look at Nathan , amend she statement . lila ( to puff ) you just have to control it . we be not ape . nathan thank you very much for that . CUT to : int . lab - day puff be sit in a chair and face a screen . the collar be around he neck . Nathan and lila stand behind he at a slide projector . puff I do not think this aversion therapy be really necessary , doctor . I understand the problem . nathan humor I , puff . it 's essential that I be able to trust you to function independently in the world . puff I bow to you expertise in this matter . nathan lila ? lila dim the light and switch on the projector . a image of a pretty , fully clothed woman appear on the screen . puff 's eye widen , but he remain seat . nathan good . you be do fine . the slide change to a naked woman stand in a neutral position , no expression on she face . puff twitches , but stay seat . nathan excellent . the slide change to another photo of the same woman in the same position , but with a seductive smile on she face . puff clutches the arm of the chair . nathan you be do very nicely , puff . I be pleased . the slide change to another picture of the same woman , this time she be naked , have she back to the camera , be stick she butt out , and look over she shoulder at the viewer with shiny , heavily lipstick , purse lip . puff be shaking . nathan great ... puff leap out of he chair scream and lunge for the screen . Nathan grab the black box and jolt he . puff go fly in the air and land with a crack . he heave for a while , then leap up and run for the screen again . again Nathan shock he . again he land on the floor . he heave , stand , lunge for the screen again . Nathan shock he . this happen seven more time . smoke be pour out from the collar . puff struggle to he foot . look at the screen . he shrug . puff ( unimpress ) eh. puff sit down in he chair , and study he finger nail . Nathan switch off the projector . nathan excellent work , puff . extra desert tonight . puff Yahoo ! nathan tomorrow , the acid test . CUT to : int . restaurant - day this be a hooter - type establishment call " Chester 's . " the waitress be very busty and in tight t-shirt which be emblazon with the name of the restaurant . lila , Nathan , and puff sit at a table . puff study he menu intently , not dare to look up . lila look around uncomfortably . a waitress approach . chester' waitress how you all doin ' today ? nathan ( cheerily ) very well . lila ( awkwardly ) very well . puff ( look down ) very well . chester' waitress good enough ! what can I get for you ? nathan puff , why do not you order first ? puff ( look at menu ) uh , what 's a reuben , please ? the waitress lean over to study the menu . her breast be in puff 's face . chester' waitress the what , honey ? oh , the reuben ? that 's a sandwich with corn beef and sauer ... puff that 's fine . that 's what I will have . corn beef be a good food . CUT to : int . hallway - day lila , Nathan , and puff walk along . nathan puff , I be proud of you ! you do remarkably well under difficult circumstance . lila absolutely ! puff jump up and down excitedly . puff do I ? I try so hard ! I really concentrate ! oh , I be so happy ! nathan and because you do so well , we have a little surprise for you . puff ( happily ) extra dessert ? nathan even better . CUT to : int . lab - day lila , Nathan , and puff enter . puff see he lucite case . it have be transformed into a bachelor pad . Inside be a king -size bed , a tv , a couch , coffee table , shelf line with book , a small kitchenette . there be a curtain which can be draw for privacy . puff be take aback . nathan and lila surprise ! puff gasp and run into the room . he be thrilled . Nathan hold up a key . nathan free to come and go as you please . there 's some " mad money " in the night table drawer . puff ( take the key , hugging Nathan ) it 's wonderful ! do you think I be ready ? do you really ? nathan I trust that you will make good , mature decision . I trust that you will do the proper thing . puff oh , I will ! ( gravely ) you very trust have instill a enormous sense of responsibility in I . I do not want to disappoint you . nathan good . remember , when in doubt : do not ever do what you really want to do . puff ( take it in ) get it . CUT to : int . lila and nathan' live room - night lila and Nathan sit as far as possible from each other and read book . Nathan look at he watch . CUT to : int . puff' case - night puff , dress identically to Nathan , read moby Dick and smoke a pipe . he distractedly tap he foot , stand and study a Monet print on the wall . his foot be still nervously tapping . he check he watch . CUT to : int . lila and nathan' live room - night Nathan stand . nathan I be go to go down and check on puff . see how he 's hold up . lila ( stretch ) should I come with ? nathan Nah . you just relax . how 's the book ? lila ( lazily , happily ) ummm . it 's good . Nathan kiss lila on the forehead . nathan I will not be long . CUT to : int . car - night Nathan drive with a determine look on he face . CUT to : int . gabrielle's apartment - night the apartment be a mess . every single light be on . gabrielle be loung in a stain nightshirt with a dopey cartoon bear on the front . she 's get some sort of pimple medication dabbe on she face . she unconsciously but ferociously bite she nail as she watch tv and talk on the phone . there be no trace of a french accent . gabrielle ( into phone ) you be kid ! Holy shit . ( beat ) yeah , no duh ! I have a wild hair up my ass over that for a month . there 's a knock at the door . gabrielle yeah ? what ? nathan ( o.s. ) hi. it 's Nathan . gabrielle 's eye widen . she jump up from the couch and start straighten . gabrielle ( into phone ) call you back . ( hang up , assume french accent ) you bastard ! what do you want ? nathan ( o.s. ) I just want to talk . gabrielle ( rip off she nightshirt ) we have nothing to say ! you be a rotten bastard , that 's what ! CUT to : int . hallway - continuous Nathan stand there lean against the door . nathan please . just one minute of you time . gabrielle ( o.s. ) why ? you have make you decision , mister stinky american ! now I hate you ! no , I do not hate you ; I do not even think about you ! nathan I have get some thing to tell you . CUT to : int . gabrielle's apartment - continuous gabrielle be stand in front of a mirror , hold different sexy outfit up to herself , try to decide . gabrielle like what ? nathan ( o.s. ) well , I think it would be easier if I could talk to you in person . gabrielle what for ? CUT to : ext . hallway - continuous we hear bang and rustling and arrange come from inside the apartment . nathan well , I think ... gabrielle ( o.s. ) you think too much . I need a man who do not think so much but act more than he think ... be what I need ! nathan what ? gabrielle you hear I ! you make I sick when you pretend to not understand what I be say to you ! go away from here ! nathan ( turn away ) well , look , I be sorry to have bother you . he start to head down the hall . gabrielle ( o.s. ) ( beat , then scream ) all right , already ! come in if you must ! the door 's open , you son of a bitch ! Nathan head back to the apartment , try the knob . the door 's open . he enter . CUT to : int . gabrielle's apartment - continuous the light be low . the place be neat . cool jazz play quietly in the background . candle be light . gabrielle be nowhere to be find . Nathan take it all in . it 's quite seductive . gabrielle ( o.s. ) in here , you lousy piece of merde . Nathan follow she voice . he exit into the bedroom . CUT to : int . gabrielle's bedroom - continuous candle in here also . gabrielle , now make up and in a satin teddy , lounge in bed , eat cherries from a bowl . Nathan just stare . she be slightly out of breath , but try to conceal it . a film of perspiration glisten on she brow . gabrielle ( testy ) well ? nathan God , you be beautiful . gabrielle please . I look a mess . nathan no . you look so beautiful . gabrielle anyway . come already to the point . nathan I be ... I be go to leave lila . I can not stop think about you . gabrielle I have move on . nathan no ! gabrielle I have be see johannsen in chemistry . nathan ( raging ) that goddamn neanderthal ? I be the one who give he the idea for the combination bug spray - sun screen ! do you know that ?! gabrielle ( calm , dismissive ) that 's not how he tell it . nathan of course not , that swedish thief ! he 's a thief of heart ! ( beat ) I love you , gabrielle . gabrielle ( dismissive ) hunh . nathan just give I some time to let lila down easily . she 's a really nice girl and I do not want to hurt she more than be necessary . gabrielle ( beat ) you hurt I , you know , when you make Nathan 's Choice . do that not even matter to you , you pig ? gabrielle cry quietly . Nathan move closer to she . he stroke she hair . nathan can you ever forgive I ? gabrielle look up at he . her expression be noncommittal and pouty , but she grab he arm and pull he down on top of she . CUT to : int . strip club - night puff , dress a bit like he 's a victorian dandy , sit in the front row and watch a naked woman on stage dance . a topless cocktail waitress come by with a fresh drink for he . she take away he empty glass . he be horribly drunk and hold himself with exaggerated rigidity -- a amateur drinker 's attempt to look sober . CUT to : int . lila and nathan' apartment - night Nathan enter . lila sit on the couch still read . she look up . nathan hey . Nathan kiss she on the forehead . lila you be go a long time . nathan ( sit down next to she ) yeah . puff and I get into a big , philosophical discussion . he 's really quite well read , consider he 's only be literate for a month now . he 's go to make we famous , lila . lila so he 's do okay ? nathan seem fine . quiet evening enjoy he new dig . lila that 's funny because , you know , I just go and pick he up at some flophouse on the lower eastside . he call here when he run out of he " mad " money after spend a entire evening drink , watch stripper , and fuck a whore ! ( then casually ) oh , and what do you do tonight , honey ? nathan shit . lila and what do you do tonight , honey ? nathan I have fall in love with somebody else , lila . lila ( pointedly ) and what do you do tonight , honey ? nathan I fuck she ! okay ? I fuck she . I be sorry . but that 's what the hell I do . lila ( stand ) do you know what I give up to be with you ? nathan yes . lila I give up my soul , my belief . I give up my body hair ! nathan yeah , well , I be sorry . the human heart be a strange thing . lila how the hell would you know anything about the human heart ? nathan ( move to she ) lila ... lila turn around and slug he , square on the jaw , hard , knock he to the floor . lila how 's that for ladylike , Nathan . lila open up the hall closet and pull out a suitcase . CUT to : int . police station - night lila look pale and shake . she smoke . lila for two week I hole myself up in a motel room . I do not even know who I be . my world have crumble . there be nothing that make you feel dirtier than finally decide to sell you soul and find no buyer . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - day lila lie in bed watch tv . she be a mess . the room be a mess . the wig be off . there 's hair sprout on she face . the curtain be draw . there be a knock at the door . lila no may service ! for God 's sake , can not you read the fuck " do not disturb " sign on the fuck doorknob ? rose ( o.s. ) lila , it 's rosie . lila ( beat ) go the fuck away , rosie . rose ( o.s. ) please , honey , let I in . lila Rose , please go away . rose ( o.s. ) lila , I want to help you . lila get up , drag herself to the door , and open it . Rose stand there try not to let it show how lousy lila look . lila how would you know where I be ? rose Nathan tell my brother . lila you brother should have he license revoke . rose yeah , although I be not go to turn he in . I like hearing the dirt . lila ( suddenly cry ) why do not you brother tell you that Nathan be have a affair ? Rose hold lila , who hang on she as she weep . rose I do not know , honey . I do not know . maybe he just do not want to get involved . lila oh , rosie . rose let 's get you out of here . come stay with I until you get you strength back . ( cheerily ) free electrolysis , if you want it ! we will get that face of yours clear up in no time . lila mull it over . she look back at the hotel room . it 's depress . she sniff in she snot . lila yeah . I gotta get myself together . I want to look good . if I be gonna fuck with Nathan , and I be , I want he to want to fuck I when I do it . dissolve to : montage sequence this sequence be lila get she strength back , both emotional and physical . it be intercut with scene of Nathan and gabrielle take puff on the lecture circuit . 1 ) lila eat a good breakfast . 2 ) lila struggle to do push-up . 3 ) lila get electrolysis on she face . 4 ) lila read nietzsche . 5 ) lila jogging . CUT to : int . lecture hall - day a bearded psychologist address a crowd of bearded psychologist . beard psychologist ... and so without further ado , I give you Dr. Nathan bronfman and puff . the room burst into applause as Nathan and puff walk out onstage , both in tux . Nathan stand behind a podium , puff sit casually , leg cross , in a chair . nathan thank you . let 's get right to it . here we have puff the day of he capture . a video of puff naked in he lucite case , claw at it , shriek like a banshee , and neurotically hopping up and down , be project onto a screen behind Nathan . there be a collective gasp from the audience . puff watch the video with amused detachment . the video stop . nathan and here he be today , a scant three month later . puff stand , bow slightly to the audience . they burst into vigorous applause . nathan puff , why do not you say a few word to the assemblage . puff it would be my pleasure , doctor . ( behind podium ) distinguish gentleman and lady of the psychological community , I stand before you today , a live testament to the amazing skill of Dr. Nathan bronfman . to say that he take I from crayon to perfume would be a vast understatement . Dr. bronfman take I from play with my own fece , then to crayon , and then to a appreciation of the complex work of franz Kline , Joseph beuy , and marcel duchamp . from compulsive masturbation to ... dissolve to : int . backstage - a bit later gabrielle wait in the wing . puff ( o.s. ) and , so , goodnight , adieu , until we meet again , au revoir . the audience burst into thunderous applause . gabrielle join in . Nathan and puff hurry off stage . gabrielle embrace Nathan . gabrielle you be wonderful ! nathan be I ? I be not a tad stiff ? gabrielle do not be silly ! ( hug puff ) and you be wonderful , too ! I love the way you say " au revoir . " puff and gabrielle exchange a look . she discreetly pinch puff 's butt , smile , wink . Nathan do not see this . he put he arm around gabrielle . nathan come on , you two . let 's go celebrate ! Nathan and gabrielle walk on ahead . puff tag behind , watch gabrielle 's delightful walk . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - later puff sit up on he bed , look deject . he listen to the sound of Nathan and gabrielle have sex in the adjoin room . he look at he watch , get up , get dress . dissolve to : int . X rated bookstore - later a sweaty , sick - look puff watch a porno film in a little booth . it end . he step out into the fluorescent glare of the store . he walk out past several skulking degenerate . CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous puff exit the bookstore , walk down the street check out the tawdry hooker . he choose one . she lead he into a dark alley . CUT to : montage 6 ) lila in a tai chi class . 7 ) lila do jump jack . 8 ) lila read the Art of War . 9 ) lila do stomach crunch . 10 ) lila do chin up . 11 ) lila swim lap . 12 ) lila get more electrolysis . CUT to : int . lecture hall - day puff be on stage demonstrate he ballroom dance technique . he be waltzing with gabrielle . Nathan stop the music , and pick up a microphone . nathan now the tango . Nathan put a tango record on . gabrielle and puff perform expertly . the audience applaud . CUT to : int . restaurant - night gabrielle , Nathan , and puff be eat dinner . nathan I think it go swimmingly today . you two make a excellent team . gabrielle and puff look at each other . she touch puff 's knee under the table . Nathan be busy eat . CUT to : int . another HOTEL room - night puff pace as he listen to sex noise from the next room . CUT to : ext . bad neighborhood - night puff walk along check out the prostitute . he signal to one with a nonchalant jerk of he head . CUT to : montage 13 ) lila do one - hand push-up . 14 ) lila roll on the ground with a rifle . 15 ) lila , in box glove , punch a bag . 16 ) lila read the kama sutra . 17 ) lila get electrolysis . CUT to : int . lecture hall - day puff address the crowd . lila and Nathan look on adoringly from the wing . puff to be take from the depth of ignorance and depravity and raise to height of culture and refinement ! this be the priceless gift bestow upon I by Dr. Nathan bronfman . thunderous applause . CUT to : int . alley - night puff lean against the wall drink whiskey from a bottle , as a prostitute , down on she knee in front of he , do she business . the look on he face be not one of pleasure or even release . it be a look of decay . CUT to : montage 18 ) lila do chin up . her sweaty , muscular arm glisten in the sun . 19 ) lila wind sprinting . 20 ) lila get electrolysis . Rose move away from she . rose done ! lila ( stand triumphantly ) ready ! CUT to : int . lab - day Nathan and gabrielle , in lab coat , sit chat with puff . puff sneak glance at gabrielle 's leg and cleavage . she make he view possible . gabrielle ( off clipboard ) so we have get seventeen new booking for speak engagement , my wonderful man . nathan terrific . we be all go to be rich and famous . Nathan kiss gabrielle . puff thanks to you , nate . nathan thanks to you , buddy . and you diligence and intelligence and perseverance . puff blushes . nathan ( to gabrielle ) and of course to you , my sweet , for you ... moral support . puff ( applaud ) here , here . gabrielle kiss Nathan while glance at puff . a midget in a business suit enter . it 's the sour-look guy from the freak show . midget Excuse I , be you Dr. bronfman ? puff be that a little boy ? nathan ( teach ) no , puff . this man be a midget . in actuality , they prefer to be call " Little people . " be not that correct , my good man ? midget yes sir . Little people . nathan this Little person be actually a fully grow adult man , puff , believe it or not , who , due to a genetic anomaly , be miniature but perfectly proportion . ( to midget ) turn , please . the midget turn . puff ( jotting in notebook ) interesting . nathan now , my diminutive friend , what can I do for you ? the midget pull out a gun . midget you can get into that goddamn lucite bachelor pad for starter , goliath . Nathan , gabrielle , and puff look frighten . they stand and back into the case . midget ( to puff ) not you , joyboy . puff stop in he track . Nathan and gabrielle continue to back into the case . nathan what be this about ? we have no money on this premise . please if you be from some little person terrorist fringe group ... midget ( loud and scary ) shut up ! Nathan and gabrielle hurry into the case . the midget close and lock the door behind they . puff be freeze with fear . lila enter . she look different now . Savage . strong . kind of sexy . she wear guerilla-like black clothing and a beret over she closely hack - off hair . she also carry a gun . nathan lila ? gabrielle that 's lila ? lila shut up ! yeah , this be lila , cunt . and do not let the hirsutism fool you . I know more about be a woman , and more about the black heart of man than you , in you pretty little powder , bullshit fantasy world , can ever imagine . I know the darkness and cruelty of nature , sweetie pie . nathan lila , you do not intend to hurt we , do you ? lila eat shit , thumbtack dick ! ( to midget ) thank you , Frank . you be the best . lila kiss the midget on the top of the head . midget anything for you , lila . lila see , Frank and I be kindre spirit . we both know what it 's like to be shunne because of we appearance . we both know how easily that turn into self -hatred . midget amen . praise the Lord and pass the ammunition ! Rose enter hurriedly , carry rope . she bend over and kiss Frank hard on the mouth for a long moment , then : rose ( to lila ) sorry I be late , parking be a bitch at this place . lila look over and see the two train mouse in the lucite case sit at a tiny table and very politely eat they lunch . one of the mouse make eye contact with lila . dissolve to : int . bathroom - night lila be naked in the bathroom and about to kill herself when she make eye contact with the mouse on the shelf next to the tub . dissolve to : int . lab - day lila bring she focus back to the room . everyone be watch she , wait for some direction . lila uh , tie they up , rosie . if you will . rose with pleasure . Frank keep the gun on gabrielle and Nathan . Rose enter the case and begin to tie they up and gag they . dissolve to : ext . parking lot - day puff be sit in the car . the electronic collar be back around he neck . lila hold the black control box , and the lucite case with the two mouse in it . she stand outside the car with Frank and Rose . rose I be go to miss you . lila oh , rosie . rose and I be go to miss the lifestyle have you as a client have afforded I . lila shut up , you . lila laugh and hug she . rose I like you so much , with or without hair . ( confidentially ) but do not spread that around . bad for business . lila I be really glad you two find each other . Frank and Rose put they arm around each other . Frank be exactly crotch-high to Rose . midget we be soul mate . rose soul have nothing to do with it , babe . lila I will be in touch . rose no you will not . but it 's okay . you have stuff you gotta do . lila tear up . so do Rose . they just stand there for a moment , then : lila ( choke ) gotta go . lila hurry around the car , get in , and drive off . Rose and Frank embrace . Frank nestle . Rose sigh contentedly . CUT to : ext . highway - afternoon lila 's car drive along . puff look nervously out the window . CUT to : int . car - evening lila and puff be drive in silence on a dirt road through the wood . lila pull off the road , drive to a place where the car will be camouflage , and park . lila stay . puff stay in the car . lila get out , pull the lucite mouse case from the back seat . CUT to : ext . car - continuous lila put the case on the ground and unlatch it . the mouse look confuse at first . then the male mouse push the door open and hold it for the female mouse , who exit . the male mouse follow she , and close the door behind he . he turn to lila , nod , then extend he arm for the female mouse to hold on to . she do , and they walk off together on they hind leg into the wood . lila sigh , and turn to puff . lila out . puff get out casually , then make a mad dash for the road . lila calmly press the button on she black box . puff spasm and fall to the ground . lila bad . puff stay on the ground , breathe hard . lila get up . puff do . lila take off you clothes . puff do . so do lila . she be cover with hair , except for she face . but whereas puff be now white and soft-look , lila be tan and taut and muscular . this be a reversal of the way both of they be when they first meet . puff seem take with she body . lila we be go back to nature , you and i. I be go to retrain you . I be go to make you free again if I have to kill you do it . puff but I like be human now . lila shock puff . he fall to the ground . lila you what ? puff I want to be the way I be before . lila ( sweet ) good . I will show you how , apey . dissolve to : ext . wood - a bit later puff and lila have build makeshift shelter out of leave and twig . they be sit around a campfire , naked and dirty , roasting a couple of skinned squirrel on stick . the black box rest in lila 's lap . puff look at the roasting squirrel , be repulse . puff Nice night . lila talk be to be keep to a minimum . eventually , when we be ready , there will be none . Language be invent so that people could lie to each other and to themselves . there be no other reason . puff begin to disagree . lila 's hand hover over the button . he stop himself . puff ( confuse ) I agree ? lila shock puff . lila you lose . any answer be the wrong answer . dissolve to : int . makeshift shelter - night puff and lila lie seperately under blanket of moss . the breathe be heavy . both seem to be sleep . puff open he eye and try to extricate himself from the moss without make any noise . lila press the button and puff fall in a quivering mess . lila ( whisper ) you will thank I eventually , puff . well , you will not thank I , because we will not be speak , but you will sort of thank I with a special look , the look a dog give you to let you know he love you . puff what a enchant picture you paint of we future together . lila shock puff once again . as he spasm , we : CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff testify . puff and so commence my reeducation , gentleman . lila teach I so much . she be a stern but fair teacher . and over time , I begin to remember the carefree joy of live in a pure state of be . but something else happen as well , something perhaps distinctly human ... I begin to fall in love with lila . dissolve to : ext . wood - day lila and puff be naked and collect mushroom and berry . time have pass . both lila and puff be dirtier and hairier . puff still wear he collar . lila bend over to pick a mushroom . puff look at she from behind . puff Boy , you look so good from this ang ... lila turn , put she finger to she lip in a gentle " no talk " reminder , then shock the hell out of puff . he spasm and fall on top of she , knock she to the ground . he regains he composure , find himself on top of lila . they look at each other for a moment . then they kiss . it 's a violent kiss . they grope each other . this be primal sex now . in the dirt . sweaty . loud grunt . lila even press the shock button at the right moment . puff seem to like it in this context . CUT to : int . gabrielle's apartment - night Nathan and gabrielle be in bed , make love . it be gentle , romantic , in good taste -- in direct contrast to the animal , violent sex puff and lila be have . they finish . Nathan pull himself off of gabrielle and fall onto he back , stare up at the ceiling . gabrielle a penny for you thought , mon cheri . nathan I do not know . something 's miss . CUT to : int . dine room - night gabrielle , Nathan , and Nathan 's parent eat dinner . Nathan 's parent be in clown make -up . there be a long silence . Nathan be still sad . gabrielle steal glance at Nathan 's parent . finally Nathan speak . nathan ( uninterested ) so , mother and Father , how 's godspell go ? mother how do you know we ... the parent look at each other burst out laugh . mother tell he , harold . father it 's go famously , son , famously ! nathan ( despondent ) I be glad . mother harold , ask Nathan what 's wrong . gabrielle yes , please , somebody ask he what be wrong . nathan I do not know . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Nathan and gabrielle be in bed . Nathan stare up at the ceiling . finally : nathan I want we boy back . gabrielle ( sadly ) oui. nathan that bitch . I work so hard . we work so hard , you and I . he would have make we famous . gabrielle we still have you and I . nathan I know . and that 's great . but it would be great in a better way , not a better way but a different way , if I could find he and bring he back . gabrielle where do we look for little lose puff ? nathan I have some thought . I think that hairy bitch be somewhere try to turn he back into a ape . gabrielle that be horrible . ape be dirty . no ? nathan you better believe they be dirty ! and smelly ! and messy ! and they do not know they fork from they asshole ! Nathan , seemingly in the grip of a sudden horrific migraine , scrunches he face and hold he ear . he relax a bit , and get out of bed . he walk across the room , pull on some pants , and pick up a container call " stop buggin ' I , sunny . " nathan I be go alone . this could be dangerous . gabrielle ( pull cover up and turn away from he onto she side ) okay , my sweet . good night . nathan a little resistance would be nice , damn it . gabrielle ( without open she eye ) please let I go with you . nathan no . gabrielle okay . dissolve to : int . car - day Nathan be drive along a wood dirt road . he 's in he immaculate safari suit . he look tired . he stop the car , pull out a gun , and get out . CUT to : ext . wood - continuous Nathan get out of the car and run into the wood . we follow . nathan ( yell ) aha ! he look around there be no one there . he sigh and walk back to he car , pull out a map and mark a area with a red x. CUT to : int . motel - night Nathan be in he underwear . he be irone he safari suit as he talk on the phone . nathan no luck yet , my sweet . we see a unfold map on the bed . there be red X 's in almost all the state park along the east coast . CUT to : ext . forest - evening lila and puff be have sex again next to a campfire . now lila be wear the collar , and puff be give she well time shock . they giggle and kiss after they finish . puff sit up . he hold he stomach and grunt hungrily . lila grunt back . she stand and retrieve a sack of berry . puff and lila greedily , gluttonously stuff they face . lila take some berry and smashes they against puff 's face . she laugh heartily . he look annoyed for a second , but then grab a handful and squish they against lila 's face . pretty soon they be have a berry war and be cover in purple stain . they hug each other , out of breath and laugh . dissolve to : int . police station - night lila smile . lila it be paradise . ( beat , sadly ) at least for a tiny little while . CUT to : ext . forest - day lila and puff lie naked in a tree , lazily soaking up the midday sun . there be a rustling in the bush . they both look up , alert but calm . Nathan , immaculate in he safari suit , appear in the clear . he hold a gun . nathan aha ! finally . I have cover almost the entire seaboard and part of eastern Ohio . lila ugnh . puff ugnh . nathan oh please , be that as articulate as you can be after all the time I spend teach you ? we have discuss wittgenstein , for Christ 's sake . not that you ever have anything very original or challenging to say on the subject . puff unn . nathan down from the tree . both of you . keep you hand where I can see they . do not want you pull any weapon out of you fur . Nathan laugh heartily , haughtily , at he joke as lila and puff climb down from the tree . nathan look at you two . you both disgust I . lila oook . oook . nathan shut up ! ( to puff ) I give you ... life . I create you in my image , puff . I take you from this primordial ooze and bring you into the world of culture and art and manners . and this be how you repay I ? by head back to the ooze first chance you get ? I should leave you here with lila the ape woman . it would serve you right , you ungrateful piece of crap . but I be not go to . you be too valuable to I . totally selfish of I . you serve my purpose . but if you have any smart you would realize that I serve you purpose as well . life be so much more delightful when live in a silk suit . lila ooka . nathan do not worry , lila . you can stay . I do not have any interest in you anymore . ( to puff ) c'mon , monkey boy . puff look at lila . lila shrug helplessly . puff reach out to touch she hand . nathan now ! puff look at lila again . she jerk she head in the direction of Nathan . puff sigh and move to Nathan . Nathan prod puff , and they head off through the tree . suddenly puff elbow Nathan . Nathan grunt , double over . puff turn , lunge , and the two wrestle on the ground . puff pries the gun from Nathan 's hand , and jump up . Nathan stand also , back away . puff have the gun train on Nathan . lila run to puff , stand behind he . nathan puff , put the gun down . puff ounpoo . ungh . nathan let 's be reasonable human being here . we be all reasonable human being , be not we ? puff ( jump up and down like a chimp ) unka unka unka unka unka . nathan look , why do not you and lila stay here and have you natural life . I will just go on my way . you will never see I again . puff ( to lila , guiltily ) I have to talk . be that okay ? lila nod . puff ( to Nathan ) you do create I in you image , Nathan . before you I be a simple , happy , complete be , in harmony with the world around I . after you I become duplicitous , cynical , angry , anal , totally out of touch with my surroundings . in a word , Nathan , I become you . lila have reintroduce I to myself . and , incidentally , what I be about to do , kill you , be something that would never have occur to I to do as a creature of the Earth . before when I kill , it be for food or in self - defense . now I will kill for revenge . revenge be a abstract concept , Nathan . and I learn abstract think from you . nathan no . lila puff , do not . puff shoot . a crow scream . the flutter of wing . the bullet hit Nathan in the head . he fall . CUT to : int . police station - night lila sob . lila then I shot Nathan . CUT to : int . auditorium - day puff dab he eye . puff then lila shot Nathan . CUT to : int . white space - day Nathan talk . nathan then puff shot I . then I die . that 's all I know . that 's the end of my story . do I get to go to heaven now ? ( beat ) or be it ... hell ? ( beat ) or ... what ? ( beat ) I just stay here , be it ? I just stay here and tell it again ? and after that ? again ? and after ... ( sigh ) yes . yes , of course . ( sigh , clear he throat ) we move into a extreme close -up . nathan ( beginning again ) I do not even know what sorry mean anymore . it 's odd . when I be alive I know -- maybe it be all I know ... dissolve to : ext . forest - day lila run to Nathan . she kneel beside he . lila he 's dead . puff ( calmly ) we bury the body . we disappear into the wood . nobody know . lila ( beat , then quietly ) no . this be the end of the road . there 's a dead human be here . for all of he fault , he be a human be , and certainly a victim of he culture as much as anybody . puff forget he , lila . we will disappear . we will never talk about it again . we will never talk again period . I love you . lila puff , what happen to you be as much my fault as Nathan 's . maybe more so , because I know it be wrong and I go along with it anyway . I be take responsibility for the murder . I want you to go back to you old life . puff I will not let you do that . I shot the bastard . and I be glad . lila no . go back to the wood . this be a sacrifice I need to make . in my world we have something call penance . it 's another abstraction , but I have the concept drumm into my head during my year in the convent . it do not exist for you , and it should not . see , I could never be free again anyway , so I might as well be in jail . puff ( beat ) then I will live for both of we , lila . I will be the most free , truest animal in the whole forest . for both of we . lila ( tear up ) that 's what I be count on . puff ( a idea ) but first I will live among they , just long enough to testify before congress about the waywardness of humankind . lila ( shrug ) okay . if you think it will help . CUT to : int . jail - day lila , now in prison coverall , sit in a dayroom with other woman convict . she be watch a tv mount on the wall . puff be testify . puff and so , gentleman , that be my story . I agree to testify before this committee because I hope to convey to the american public that there be indeed a paradise lose . human being have become so enamor of they technology and they intellectual prowess and they fancy gourmet food , that they have forget to look to the Earth as a teacher . this be hubris , my friend . and my story of destruction and betrayal be proof of that . I will keep my promise to lila . I will shed this suit and go back into the wilderness . I will live out my day naked and free . congressman thank you , sir . you story have touch we all deeply . we will pass some legislation address this problem . puff thank you . that be all I ask . ( to camera ) good-bye , lila . I take you with I in my untamed heart . puff stand and exit the auditorium . flashbulb flash . in the prison common room , lila wipe a tear from she eye . she seem genuinely happy . she look out a small bar window and see a bluebird light there , then fly away . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day puff walk along , a man on a mission . as he walk he shed article of clothing . he be follow by reporter and cameramen and celebrity hound . soon he be naked . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET - day puff walk along , naked . people cheer from porch . CUT to : ext . rural road - dusk puff walk along . he be still follow by reporter . cow watch the parade . CUT to : ext . forest - evening puff walk along a dirt road . he be about to disappear into the forest . a older woman rush out from the crowd . older woman wait ! puff ( turn ) yes ? older woman I see you on C - span . I have be look for you for thirty year . then there you be , such a beautiful , beautiful grow man . the older woman start to cry . puff mother ? older woman yes ... derek . puff hold out he hand for she to shake . flashbulb flash . puff ( formally ) it 's a pleasure to meet you , mother . but I be a ape like dad be ... ( check watch ) and I have to go back into the wood now ... forever . older woman ( resign ) yes , I suppose so . I suppose I know that be go to be what you would say . it 's good to see you again though . puff yes . older woman I be in the book , if you ever want to drop I a line or something . puff I be a ape , mom . I be a ape . and ape do not drop line . his mother weep . puff gently rest he hand on she shoulder for a moment , then he turn and wave to the reporter . the crowd burst into applause . flashbulb flash . puff jog into the wood . there be a collective sigh , and then everyone turn and head back in the direction from which they come . we hold on the wood for a moment . a car pull up . puff hurry out of the wood and jump in the passenger side of the car . CUT to : int . car - continuous puff lean over and kiss gabrielle , who be drive the car . gabrielle hello , my little boy . puff hey , mar . do you bring any clothes ? I be freezing my ass off . gabrielle oui . Nathan 's silk suit , just like you ask . puff great. ( put on suit ) God , I have want you forever . gabrielle giggle . puff kiss she . gabrielle say my name . puff gabrielle . gabrielle ( eye glisten ) you remind I so much of Nathan . puff like father , like son . gabrielle ( stroking he face ) you remind I so much of Nathan plus so much of my little mongrel doggie . puff woof . this turn gabrielle on . she kiss he passionately . when the kiss run its course , puff speak . puff arf . gabrielle kiss he again , even more passionately this time puff as much as I love Nathan , I be not sorry she kill he , if it mean I can have you . be that a terrible thing to say , my sweet ? gabrielle ( put she finger to he lip ) hush . no , it be never terrible to be in love . Nathan 's memory life on in we sacred union . ( beat ) I be not sorry she kill he either . Nathan be wonderful . he be erudite and sophisticated and charming . you be all that , too . but you have something more . you have a bit of the animal in you . they smile flirtatiously at each other . puff lean over and kiss gabrielle 's neck . puff let 's go eat , I be starve . gabrielle french ? puff oui . CUT to : ext . dirt road - night the car make a screeching u-turn . it disappear in the direction of the city . when the dust clear , we see the two white mouse stand there on the side of the road , shiver and emaciate . the male hold out he the thumb and the female hold a tiny little sign which read : New York . there be a look of hopelessness in they beady black eye . fade out . the end