the hurt locker written by Mark boal Story by Mark boal &amp ; Kathryn bigelow first draft revision " the rush of battle be a potent and often lethal addiction , for war be a drug . " Chris hedge , war be a force that give US meaning " the worst imaginable news : war thrive because enough man still love it . " time black screen over the buz sound of a electric engine we -- CUT to : ext STREET / dawn a grainy , low -resolution view , see from sixteen inch above street level . and we be move fast -- nauseatingly fast . from this angle close to the ground we fly down a road strewn with war garbage : munition , trash , rubber , animal shit -- all of which , from this odd , jarring perspective , look gigantic , monstrous . we zoom towards a crumpled coke can , the white ` C ' grow enormous on the screen , fill the screen like a skyscraper . we smash into the can and barrel ahead . a rag flutter , block the view , then tumble away , as we -- -- zoom downhill , see nothing but gray sand , then zoom back up hill and off , catch air , a flash of the horizon line , bright SUN , and land hard on a pack road . we close in on one particular pile of trash , which be top with a white plastic garbage bag , and stop . puff of dust and flutter plastic . we glide across the flutter plastic . fly buzzing . advance slowly , inch by inch , to the edge for we first glimpse inside the bag : a rusty artillery shell . CUT to : ext middle eastern STREET /dawn a military robot ( about 3 foot long and 2 foot high , aka `the bot ' ) that roll on tank - like tread and have a mechanical hand and a array of cameras be move around the bag . title over : baghdad , iraq - JANUARY , 2005 this be all take place on a dusty stretch of road in a quiet section of Baghdad , barren except for a few shop , some cement house and a couple of park car . 2 the U.S. military have control of the CITY , but insurgent group be mounting fresh attack in a attempt to disrupt the upcoming election on 31 JANUARY 2005 . they 've adopted a deadly new tactic , using i.e.d.s - improvised explosive device - to ambush american troops . the body count be rising . in response , the army have deployed the last of its elite bomb squad unit , hoping that these three man team can disarm the bomb before they explode , and stem the tide of destruction . SOUND of far off gunshot and call to prayer . several U.S. infantry soldier be move pedestrian away from the bag . another group of soldier be clear out all the shop : bakery , sandwich shop , and a butcher shop . next to a park humvee , three eod ( explosive ordinance disposal , aka bomb squad ) soldier be crouch over a laptop computer , look at the screen and the same image of the metal artillery shell inside the flutter plastic . sergeant matt thompson wipe at the sweat on he forehead . this be summer in the desert and the median temperature on this bright clear morning be 110 degree . thompson it 's to the leave . Thompson tear open a mushy snicker 's . he be fleshy around the arm and middle , but there 's real muscle underneath the flab and truth be tell , after so many year in eod , he 's lose the need to have a show - off build . sanborn go leave . sergeant J. T. sanborn work the joystick on the laptop . he be a strapping Iowa farm boy , with a thick back from bail hay . in contrast to he bulky frame , he face be soft , open , kind . he have a relaxed demeanor . which might lead you to think nothing ever bother Sanborn . but if you think that , you would be mistaken . before join eod , Sanborn be in military Intelligence . he quit . military Intel be too easy . thompson up a little . laptop screen rusty artillery shell now almost full frame . 3 sanborn sanborn there ? thompson closer . I want to see the ojive . Zoom on the nose cone of the shell . the third soldier lean in for a better look . specialist owen eldridge be a tall , lanky young man , the youngest of the group . he 's a fighter like the other but also a reader , and something of a thinker . eldridge crouch behind the other two soldier , sip a bottle of water , eye never leave the screen . thompson push it in . sanborn I can not get it inside . thompson pretend it 's you dick . sanborn ( smile ) I be pretend it 's you dick . eldridge laugh . he clearly like the two man he 's with . thompson let I try . sanborn give I a second . thompson give I a crack at it . sanborn shit. okay . they change place . Thompson now on the control . thompson hello mamma . see that ? sanborn look like a one-five-five . 4 eldridge get up and go to the humvee , fish around inside . thompson yeah . that can do some damage . sanborn we be go to need a charge . eldridge be already on it , approach with the four block of c4 . he 's do this enough to know what they need . eldridge figure four block . hey with this four block and the ninety pound , be we go to be far enough away ? now we see the tiny toy robot in the far distance -- far , far away . behind the humvee and on either side of the road infantry soldier be still clear civilian onlooker from nearby store . Thompson stand and take a good look at he surroundings . thompson the blast be go to roll out there ( point ) the shell will probably kick out there ( point ) , and most of the shrapnel be go to rain up in a umbrella pattern . some smaller piece and shell fragment will come out this way -- but we will be okay if we be behind the truck . the idea that he would be stand in the open amuse eldridge . eldridge you know I will be behind the truck . thompson nothing wrong with that , Owen . let 's get the area clear -- ( look around at the crowd of onlooker ) -- as best we can , then load up the bot . 5 eldridge double time it over to a nearby soldier . together they herd away various bystander . CUT to : downrange the bot dutifully make its return voyage to the plastic bag , this time towing a cart which be load with c4 and a blast cap , and a coil of unspool detonation wire . the robot hit a bump cause the blast cap to tumble to the ground , where it begin to roll -- uprange everyone cringe . the cap do not explode . Close call . sanborn damn . downrange the blast cap have roll into a gully , out of reach of the robot hand . uprange Sanborn wiggle the stick . it 's not happen . sanborn Matt , the bot 's not go to do it . thompson keep try . downrange the robot hand try again . no dice . uprange thompson okay , you be right . I have to go down there - do not you think ? Sanborn nod . 6 thompson I do not want to wait around here in this neighborhood anyway . sanborn ( wryly ) what , you do not like it here ? thompson let 's just get I dress . CUT to : humvee Sanborn unpack " the suit . " a bizarre contraption that look like a astronaut suit and helmet cross with the michelin man . because of its weight and complexity it take two man to put it on - or one Sanborn . Sanborn kneel down and guide Thompson 's foot into the suit 's black boot , then lash up a series of velcro strap to secure the armor , like a squire work on a knight . a strap near the crotch prompt Thompson to wisecrack : thompson watch it . sanborn ( smiling ) I think you already have you child , sergeant . thompson need to keep my option open . Thompson twist to get he chest protector on . eye tight , brow furrow , squint into the far distance . that 's go to be a mean motherfucker . thompson okay . I be go to make my approach . this area look okay . no power-line . clean line of sight . if it look alright when I get down there , I be go to plug it in and we will just blow it . boom -- no more bomb -- give this people something to think about . ( more ) 7 thompson ( cont 'd ) I want they to know if they be go to leave a bomb on the side of the road for we , we be go to blow up they little road . leave they a crater and a ear ache . Sanborn and Thompson put in they earplug . sanborn ready ? Thompson nod . thompson I be craving a hamburger , be that strange ? next , Sanborn take a metal helmet with a thick glass front and seal Thompson 's face in . Sanborn attaches the breathe hose . tap he boss on the shoulder . sanborn not for you . ( sealing he in ) happy trail . thompson ( headset ) this be blaster one . sanborn ( into walkie ) copy , that . blaster one . you be good to go . Thompson turn to face the white bag and begin he walk toward it . ext . road day Thompson 's stride be slowed by the eighty - pound suit ... he clunk down the road . Dust clouding from he boot ... he move past the same mound of char and rotting stuff , inner tube , soda bottle , crumpled can , steaming animal waste , and bit of flutter plastic that the bot pass ... the question be not - do you see a white garbage bag ? it 's which of this bag be the bomb ? sweat slide down into he eye . 8 thompson ( headset ) 200 meter . it 's boil in here . uprange sanborn ( into walkie ) copy that . 200 meter . the rasp of Thompson 's breathing loud on Sanborn 's walkie - talkie ... downrange Thompson walk on . a knot of fly float in the air in front of he helmet . he lift a arm and they disappear . the desert sun glint off a nearby car and momentarily bleach he mask bright white . a young girl with a infant baby in she arm appear in a far off doorway , then withdraw out of sight . he look down , carefully watch he footfalls . garbage pile on top of garbage . uprange eldridge and Sanborn be at the ready , scan the area and watch Thompson . thompson ( 0.s ) ( over walkie ) one hundred . sanborn ( into walkie ) copy , that . 100 meter out . downrange Thompson : careful footfalls on sand . breathe . heat. Sun. sweat . fly . suddenly a dog out of nowhere charge , barking ferociously . 9 Thompson be momentarily startle . then resume he walk . the dog run off . Thompson blink more sweat out of he eye . thompson ( headset ) twenty five . uprange with sanborn Sanborn lift the walkie . sweat in he eye . wipe it away . sanborn copy twenty five . you be in the kill zone . thompson ( headset ) thanks for remind I . eldridge nod . everything progress nice and easy . downrange with thompson Thompson be stand over the blast cap . thompson ( headset ) alright . I be here . I be gonna put it in . sanborn ( over walkie ) copy that . Thompson pick the blast cap off the ground and look up -- as distant thump of approach chopper wash quickly become super loud in he ear . sanborn ( over walkie ) hold on . Bird come in . thompson ( headset ) I hear it . Thompson pull the cap back out . he look up to see the giant black shape pass over he . 10 [ note : we see now what Thompson be worried about : as it chop the air , a helicopter rotor produce static electricity . we see this electricity as a faint , nearly transparent rippling wave . ] thompson ( headset ) guy be try to kill I . the helicopter turn , and swing back around . thompson ( headset ) if he bring that electricity back here , I be go to put a bullet in he tail . the helicopter bank in the other direction , away from Thompson . uprange a collective sigh of relief . sanborn jesus. ( into walkie ) I think he figure out we be eod . you be good , blaster one . downrange Thompson insert the cap back into the c4 . thompson ( headset ) we be armed and ready to blow , blaster Mike . sanborn ( over walkie ) copy that . you come back ? thompson ( headset ) copy that , I be on my way . Thompson get up . look around at the expanse of empty , still road under heavy guard . the war have stop for he -- and he know it . 11 Thompson begin to walk back uprange , look carefully at the ground around he . uprange Sanborn and eldridge lower they rifle . downrange Thompson carefully nudge a Coke can out of the way of he boot . uprange eldridge turn away from Thompson and open the humvee trunk to stow the bot . Sanborn swat a fly and take a sip of water . eldridge load the bot . out of the corner of he eye he see some movement in the butcher shop . eldridge hey Sanborn -- sanborn ( turning ) yeah ? eldridge Butcher shop - dude have a phone . sanborn he should not be -- eldridge be already move towards the store . Sanborn raise he gun and put it on the store . the back of eldridge move in and out of he scope . he can not get a shot . eldridge ( shouting , wave he gun ) hey - put that down -- the butcher in a white apron nod and put up he hand as if to say , `give I a minute . ' 12 thompson -- walk towards the humvee away from the bomb . lumber step . thompson ( headset ) 50 meter . why be eldridge run ? eldridge -- running hard -- eldridge hey - put the phone down ! sanborn -- bolt sideways try to get eldridge out of he line of sight -- sanborn eldridge ( shouting to eldridge ) put the phone down ! burn he ! eldridge -- leg pump , he thumb flick the rifle safety -- the butcher smile . give eldridge the thumb up sign . his other thumb be jam a button on the phone . now eldridge be panicked , shouting : eldridge drop the phone !!! thompson -- start to run . fear in he eye . butcher -- smile back at eldridge -- macro : thumb on send button of the cell phone . 13 thompson -- run full out now -- boom --- - fireball blast out from the bomb -- flatten Thompson -- blood splatter the inside of he helmet . -- thick cloud of particulate matter roil out in slow motion -- hit eldridge and Sanborn -- turn they black . with the roiling cloud we begin to float up and out over the entire city of Baghdad : -- we see intersection jamme with traffic ; american Humvees and tank idle next to red- and - white taxi , beat - up opal , the military and civilian mix up in one snarling line , all compete for space , advantage ... -- we continue to rise until we take in the entire massive metropolis . mosque and office tower ascend from a maze of dusty street teeming with life despite two decade of war ... the roiling black cloud thin in a light breeze and we hard CUT to : black CUT to : int camp victory trailer day a shaft of afternoon sun creep past a plywood - cover window , faintly lighting the interior of a narrow , low - ceiling room . in the dimness we see contour : desk , chair , a large locker , and the silhouette of a man move a cot away from the window . on the cot be a small duffle bag . we hear a knock from the outside . the man move the cot stop . jame yeah . 14 sanborn o.s. sergeant James ? jame it 's open . the door open and in the light we see Sanborn . sanborn sergeant James . ( extend he hand ) j.t. Sanborn . welcome to bravo company and welcome to Camp Victory . jame Victory ? I think this be call Camp Liberty . sanborn ( shrug ) they change it last week . Victory sound better . jame it 's will . good to meet you j.t. sergeant william jame extend a hand . a former delta soldier be in he late twenty , good -look , appeal face , solid build , one of the lucky one . and yet , look closer . in the right light , there 's a unusual depth to he expression , to he eye and all - american face , as if he 's guard a inner chaos that could rush out at any time . right now , however , James be do he best to act like a regular nice guy . Sanborn look around the empty room . one duffle . sanborn so , be that all you bring from Kabul ? James motion to the locker . jame yeah . here , give I a hand with this . Sanborn help James move the locker against the wall . jame by the window . 15 they push the locker over the window , block the light . it 's very dark in the room now . jame a mortar once hit near my trailer -- boom -- a two inch piece of frag cut through the aluminum and fly this far ( gesture with he hand ) over my head , past my ball and land in my computer hard - drive . where 's the damn light ? Sanborn find the switch in the corner . then he come back and tap the metal locker , testing its strength . sanborn this should stop any lateral piece . jame yeah , I be good unless it come through the roof ( smile ) in which case I be gonna need a close casket . Sanborn do not like the joke , try to change gear . sanborn the accent -- you from Georgia ? jame Tennessee . trailer park off I - 5 . sanborn oh , right . I be from vermont . you know , " live free or die . " tree . snow . maple syrup . pot. James give he a polite smile . Sanborn soldier on : sanborn well , if you need anything to get square away , just let I know . either myself or Owen -- eldridge -- be happy to steer you in the right direction for supplies , whatever . jame okay . ( pause ) thanks . 16 sanborn anyway , the mess tent can be hard to find the first time ... so ... if you want ... we be go over there now to grab chow ... come along . jame thanks . but no . sanborn you want I to bring you back a burger or something ? jame ( shaking he head ) Nah . I be good . James unzip he duffle and get up to put he clothes on a overhead shelf . Sanborn watch he , then start for the door . James turn to face Sanborn . jame I be sorry about Thompson , I hear he be a good tech . sanborn yeah , he be . and he be a good team leader too . jame I know I can not fill he shoe , but I be here to try -- sanborn appreciate it . jame -- but you know , if it 's you time it 's you time . no man can change that . sanborn ( puzzle ) yeah , I guess that 's true . ( recovering ) so , we roll at oh-six-hundred . James smile slightly as he contemplate the next day 's mission . jame look forward to it . 17 ext trailer moment later Sanborn come out and see eldridge , who have be wait by the door . they walk towards the mess tent . Sanborn be absorb in think . eldridge do not want to interrupt . after a moment . eldridge so ? sanborn a good `ole boy . you know , love the Army , blood run green . country boy . seem solid . eldridge I always like southerner , for some reason . sanborn then he 's just you type . eldridge why be it always the gay joke with you . it 's not even funny . sanborn ( grow serious , he imitate James ' accent ) it 's you time it 's you time . eldridge ( concerned ) he say that ? Sanborn nod . CUT to : ext camp victory eldridge's trailer early morning the sand have complete its daily march across eldridge 's step . his boot sweep a bit away as he step outside in full battle gear , and kiss a photo of the virgin Mary and slip it inside he helmet . he step out into the bright morning sun . 18 ext camp victory humvee parking lot Sanborn be gear up , strapping on a shitload of weapon and ammunition . ready for anything . eldridge come up . eldridge where 's the fng ? [ note : fng . Fucking New guy . ] ext jame ' trailer eldridge , surprised to see James be not outside ready to go , knock on he door . beat . jame ( o.s. ) yeah ? eldridge it 's oh-six -hundre . the door open a crack , revealing James dress in he skivvy and wrap in a blanket , blink awake . jame gimme a minute . before eldridge can express the shock that 's write all over he face , James have close the door . CUT to : ext camp victory a american humvee drive past a long line of park tank arrange in a neat row , and gather dust on all horizontal surface . int humvee Sanborn be behind the wheel , simultaneously drive and load he rifle . James sit next to he in the passenger seat , load he rifle and look out the window . eldridge be in the back seat . 19 eldridge ( look out window ) that abram have be park ever since I get here nine month ago , and I be not see they move once . they should put that on ebay . hey , j.t. , how much you think one of that would cost ? sanborn ten million ? eldridge well I guess it make sense . anybody come alongside the humvee , we be dead . anybody look at you funny , you be dead . pretty much , the bottom line , be if you be in Iraq you be dead . how 's a tank go to stop that ? sanborn gimme a break , Owen . eldridge ( smiling ) sorry . just try to scare the new guy . ext camp victory / baghdad outskirt morning the humvee move out of the base and into the outskirt of the city . heat and sand and little else . int humvee jame we have a few bomb up in Kabul too . eldridge sure , I bet you do . but you be go to be real busy here , boss . James smile , settles back in the seat . ext humvee the humvee be now approach a cluster of car . 20 int humvee sanborn hey Owen -- watch the fuck road . eldridge move up to the gunner 's seat on top of the humvee . ext humvee eldridge have a collection of rock he keep in the gunner 's nest and now he throw one at the car in front of he . the passenger turn around . eldridge imshee -- imshee ! CUT to : ext baghdad STREET early morning the humvee grind to a stop on the outskirt of town . it 's a place teeming with trash , with dwelling that look as beat down as the people . the ghetto of the ghetto . James be first out , Sanborn come up behind he . eldridge climb out of the turret . they be now out in the open -- stand on iraqi sand -- where anything can happen . sanborn ( to eldridge ) clear here . eldridge nod and begin turn suspicious bit of plastic over with the tip of he boot . eldridge clear here . jame ( look around at the empty STREET ) where be the guy who call this in ? James walk on . Sanborn and eldridge exchange a glance `what the hell , ' and follow he . 21 sanborn ( into walkie ) Victory Main , Victory Main , this be blaster Mike . interogative , do you have a update poz for the link - up ? have they position change ? after a moment a scratchy voice over he walkie . dispatch o.s. ( over walkie ) blaster Mike , this be Victory Main . negative . figure to follow . Three - four-five - three be you grid . you should have a visual on they right now . they be wave a american flag Sanborn key he gpsw unit . sanborn ( into walkie ) negative , Main . no one in sight . dispatch o.s. ( over walkie ) blaster Mike . you should have a visual , wave a flag . sanborn ( into walkie ) ( look at empty space ) well , that 's be I be and I do not see any guy in fatigue , and I sure as hell do not see any american flag , over . James , Sanborn and eldridge continue they slow walk down the street . a empty humvee come into view . eldridge they abandon they vehicle ? James walk forward . unconcern . take out a cigarette and light it . Sanborn 's walkie come to life . dispatch o.s. ( over walkie ) Roger , blaster . I copy you the first time . James approach the empty humvee . 22 stop . turn to see a tiny american flag be wave in the window of a nearby building . James jog over to the building , open the door . jame hello boy -- look into a room full of soldier who be try not to look afraid . sanborn ( into walkie ) yeah , thanks . Roger that . jame ( to soldier ) do not tell I the bomb be in there with you . a sergeant , slightly embarrassed , climb out into the open and try to act nonchalant . he point down the block , which be a sea of trash and white plastic bag . sergeant ( point far down the road ) down on that block , one of we informant say there be a ied in a white plastic bag . James have hear enough and even though the sergeant may have more to say -- jame I will get it . ( turn to Sanborn ) break out the suit . ( turn back to the sergeant ) ) keep you guy back . Sanborn be already unload the robot . sanborn what about the bot ? jame do not need it . 23 sanborn ( surprised ) what ? be not we go to send the bot down to take a look ? jame Nah , I be go to take care of it . Sanborn shoot eldridge a look . be he a fng or what ? CUT to : jame Sanborn and eldridge kneel before James , buckle on the suit . sanborn I be think if we send the bot down first -- James ignore he . as soon as he 's enclose in the suit , James move quickly toward the rubble pile . uprange eldridge he 's a rowdy boy . sanborn he 's reckless . eldridge somebody should tell the U.N. to send the rice in clear plastic bag so there 's no place to hide the ied . the insurgent would be like , ` Allah have forsaken I all the bag be clear ' . [ note : ied improvise explosive device . a homemade bomb . the number one weapon of the iraqi insurgency . ] sanborn ( smiling ) I have see so much garbage I be start to like the smell . jame 24 as he advance downrange , he pass a line of bush and toss a incendiary grenade at it , set the foliage ablaze . uprange Sanborn look on in confusion . sanborn ( into walkie ) blaster one , what be you do ? no answer . sanborn ( into walkie ) blaster one , this be blaster Mike , what 's with the fire on the side of the road , over ? no answer . Sanborn and eldridge struggle to get a visual . they dash to a better vantage point . sanborn ( into walkie ) hey James , can you hear I ? what 's with the fire on the side of the road , over ? jame finally : jame ( over headset ) creating a diversion . Sanborn can barely see James through the flame and smoke . uprange he climb up on top of the humvee to get a better look but get only a partial view . sanborn ( into walkie ) from what ? be there a threat ? eldridge scan the area with he rifle , tense , try to figure out how to behave . 25 sanborn ( to eldridge ) get up on that wall . eldridge hustle over to the wall , but can not manage to pull himself up with all he gear on , so dash down to a mound of dirt , which give he a leg up . sanborn ( into walkie ) James , I can not see you , over . the last thing he expect be James ' laconic reply : jame o.s. ( over walkie ) copy that . Sanborn shoot eldridge a look - what the fuck . sanborn ( to eldridge ) tell I what you see , specialist . eldridge , on the wall , feel awfully vulnerable and in the open . the wall be quite narrow . his foot be precariously balanced . his view of James be not much better eldridge I see he back . he 's walk downrange . oh , I lose he . sanborn eldridge , move down that wall and maintain a visual . move. move . eldridge teeter down the wall . eldridge Roger , roger . I be on he . he 's still walk . SOUND of breathing in Sanborn 's walkie . sanborn ( into walkie ) James , the smoke be kill my visibility . where be you in relation to the ied ? be you 100 meter , yet ? 26 jame jame ( headset ) Hell , I do not know . I will let you know when I be stand over it . we see the world from James ' point of view now , the city of Baghdad have take on a intense and dreamy hue , as if we be in some sort of fugue state : -- he look down the strange , threaten iraqi street . he walk on . the suit be heavy , little puff of sand with each footfall . the sun beat down . James near a intersection guard on either side by a humvee and several soldier , when ... intersection suddenly a red-and - white taxi swerve past the soldier on the leave side of the intersection . the soldier take cover and shout contradictory command - get down motherfucker ! do not move ! back up ! out of the vehicle ! the taxi brake in front of James . uprange Sanborn and eldridge can hear the shouting but the linger smoke still obscure they sight . sanborn ( into walkie ) jame -- eldridge ( shouting to Sanborn ) car ! car ! a car stop in front of he . jame James ' headset walkie bark to life : sanborn o.s. ( headset ) come back . 27 James pull a pistol from he holster , and -- jame ( headset ) I get it . -- shoot two round into the dirt , near the car 's front tire . driver' face impossible to read . be he a taxi driver annoyed by the roadblock , or a insurgent fighter get ready to blow a suicide bomb ? one of the army soldier with field glass on the intersection he speak into the walkie . soldier ( over walkie ) eod have a nine on this haji in the car . I be go to get two guy over there to back he up . sanborn still can not see clearly . Processing this information . turn to eldridge . eldridge use he rifle scope as well - shake he head . no visual . sanborn ( into walkie to soldier ) negative , negative . you be too close to the ied -- ( hesitating ) stand down . eod have the situation under control . sweat on he forehead . jame now aim at the windshield . but the driver be impassive . 28 uprange eldridge look through he rifle scope . eldridge ( shouting to Sanborn ) we be in a kill zone ! intersection James fire , shatter the windshield . but the car do not budge . James be piss . he lunge through the windshield and jam he gun into the driver 's forehead . soldier soldier ( into walkie ) Three or four round fire . the nine be now press into the haji 's forehead . intersection the gun dig into the driver 's forehead . beat . the driver shift into reverse . he roll back to the soldier , who then rush the car , yank the driver out , and deliver a savage beat as James look on . jame jame ( chuckle into he headset ) if he be not a insurgent he sure as hell be now . and he resume he walk towards the white garbage bag and the rubble pile , note possible threat -- a man in a window down the road . uprange sanborn ( coolly , into walkie ) copy that . ( more ) 29 sanborn ( cont 'd ) but I have no idea what you be talk about , blaster one , since I can not see you . over . jame o.s. ( headset ) I will tell you later . James out . pile of rubble one of a million in this city . James draw near . two wire protrude from the mess . move quickly , he deftly remove rubble and trash to expose the wire and the artillery shell they be attach to -- see out of he peripheral vision the man in the window -- reach for he pistol -- but the man disappear from view -- he then go back to work , with swift sure hand . he love this , love be close to oblivion . the wire be expose . he cut one . then flip the artillery round over and cut the other wire . jame ( headset ) we be do . he stand and use he big boot to clear more rubble . a banana peel be push away , revealing : another wire snake out of the ground . jame ( headset ) secondary ! James spin to look uprange . see Sanborn motion for the man to get down . uprange sanborn ( to eldridge ) off the wall , Owen ! ( to soldier ) get behind something . find cover . Soldiers scramble to find concrete to hide behind . jame 30 James yank the wire out of the dirt but it turn out to be bury like a root , and the more he rip the more the wire be reveal . he rip and rip , go back ten foot . --- the wire be stick in the ground , and it will not come out anymore . James dig with a knife -- furiously move earth -- until he reach a third artillery shell , which he pull out of the ground . -- cu knife blade inside the shell -- -- cu James ' helmet - glass clouding over from condensation -- lose visibility . -- ecu blast cap -- -- ecu knife tip separate the wire ... CUT to : uprange moment later James stride uprange . eldridge be not sure what to make of James . Sanborn be , but not ready to show it . jame ( gulp air as the helmet be removed ) do you see that guy ? ( smile , recover he macho ) man , I need a beer . Sanborn begin the bomb suit removal ritual - unstrap velcro . sanborn we can arrange that . he yank at the strap - a little roughly . sanborn what do you like ? jame colt . sanborn Nice southern brand . yank at another strap . 31 James look down , the tone of Sanborn 's voice and the force of the strap get he attention . eldridge pick up the piece of the suit and place they into the humvee . listen to this exchange . eldridge I would take a beer . jame ( smiling ) hey , that be not too bad , for we first time work together . sanborn I think work together be I talk to you . and you talk to I . jame be we go on a date , j.t.? Sanborn stand , remove the last piece of the suit . sanborn no , we be go on a mission . and it 's my job to keep you safe , so we can keep go on mission . jame hey , this be combat . with that James walk to the humvee and get inside . Sanborn close the trunk , hard , startling eldridge . eldridge come close , speak out of James ' earshot . eldridge it 's just thirty nine day . sanborn thirty eight . assume we survive today . eldridge tick-tock . tick-tock . int humvee James be in the passenger seat , wait impatiently . Sanborn and eldridge get in . 32 jame I do not mean to mix it up . but the situation dictate it . sanborn ( coolly ) Roger that . jame I be serious . we be gonna work together . you will get use to my op tempo . sanborn you op tempo ? jame I do not always stop to chat , and I like to go fast . you know , so the insurgent do not have time to plan . I do not want they make any cell phone call . off Sanborn 's face . int . camp victory mess tent day eldridge and Sanborn chow down - two guy among a sea of soldier . behind they in the mess tent hang the sign of various fast - food restaurant that cater to the troops : pizza hut , subway , burger king . sanborn ketchup ? eldridge pass he ketchup over to Sanborn . eldridge this be not pizza Hut . ( remove a slice of pepperoni ) and this be not pepperoni . it 's round and meaty , but it be not pepperoni . sanborn goat meat , probably . eldridge goat meat pepperoni ? I would be glad if this be goat meat pepperoni . ( more ) 33 eldridge ( cont 'd ) I would eat a truckload of goat meat pepperoni . no , this be something else . ( slapping the fake pepperoni on the table ) this be unholy . sanborn pray for something better -- and while you be at it , pray for a new team leader . eldridge you sure you want to be the guy in the bomb suit ? they see James at a food station . sanborn be better than he . James approach the table . eldridge hey , James . James sit down to a awkward silence . eldridge stop eat . consider he . eldridge ( to jame ) that be some crazy shit you pull out there . jame yeah ? eldridge Hell yeah . you be either really lucky or really good . right up on the car like that . gun to the head . crazy . you know it might backfire on you someday . you know that . you might actually die . and then what ? James be puzzle . jame I do not know , what ? eldridge you do not meet you maker . you just get vaporize into little bit of DNA . 34 Sanborn watch eldridge closely . be he refer to Thompson ? sanborn ( try to be helpful ) he ask everyone what they think about death . ever since Thompson be kia . James nod , turn to eldridge : jame I do not think about it . waste of time . James go back to eat . eldridge keep look at he , then let it go . ext . camp victory mess tent day midday in Iraq . the heat be oppressive , biblical . James , Sanborn and eldridge emerge into the blaze sun and the tumult of the base . truck barrel by . and troops -- everywhere , troops . James stop in front of young iraqi kid sell pirate dvd , while Sanborn and eldridge continue on to the head shed . the kid , whose name be pele , have dvd fan on a table . pele one for five , two for nine . jame ( having fun ) Three for twelve ? pele Three for thirteen . and for you , no tax . jame ( laugh , fish out a five ) keep the change . ext head shed porch Sanborn be smoking a cigarette and watch James buy dvd , weigh he , when the team 's first sergeant , stocky with a paternal way about he , hold out a white envelope to Sanborn . 35 first sergeant the tag finally come . figure you would want to be the one to take they over . ( hand Sanborn the envelope ) sanborn thanks , I will handle it . the sergeant nod . Sanborn stuff the envelope in he back pocket . and the sergeant head inside , walk past -- int head shed side office a small office space with the door open a crack . behind the door , eldridge be sit on a swivel chair , look at a computer screen , play a computer game . next to he in another swivel chair be lt . col . JOHN cambridge , a military psychiatrist , who be look at eldridge and the screen . eldridge ( sing the jingle ) " be all that you can be , " right ? but what if all I can be be dead on the side of a iraqi road ? lo. col cambridge I would like to see you move past this feel that you be go to die , Owen . eldridge ( look at the screen ) why ? I think it 's logical . this be a war , right Doc ? people die all the time . why not I ? lo. col cambridge that 's true . but what concern I be how much you think about it . you have to change the record in you head , think about other thing . eldridge what do you think about ? lo. col cambridge I do not dwell on death . ( look at he watch ) I do not obsess . you understand what I be get at ? eldridge look up at last . 36 ext camp victory jame ' trailer night James stand before the open door of he trailer with the satellite phone in hand . overhead a canopy of star blink . through the earpiece of the phone the faint but unmistakable beep of a answer machine . jame ( into phone ) hey , guess you be out ... wherever you be you be probably wear that tight jeans , damn that look good ... anyway , Baghdad 's alright , guy be a little uptight down here , but then they just lose a brother so I understand ... uh ... ( look up at the star ) ... really beautiful night , wish you could see this star ... miss you ... bye ... he disconnect . sit in the darkness . distant wash of engine noise . int camp victory shower stall next morning Sanborn be shave in a mirror , otherwise dress for combat and ready to go , when James shuffles in wear a T-shirt and boxer short , look like he just wake up . Sanborn can not believe James be this relaxed . sanborn hey . jame hey . James start to brush he tooth . sanborn I gotta talk to you about something before we roll out . James keep brush . jame shoot . 37 sanborn yesterday -- that be not cool . jame I know . we will get it . more tooth brush . face clean . James notice a tatoo on Sanborn 's forearm . sanborn I be in military Intel for seven year . before eod . we run combat mission in every shit hole on the planet ( beat , smile on he face ) so I be pretty sure I can figure out a dumb trailer park redneck like you . jame ( spitting out water , smile back ) look like you be on the right track . int humvee somewhere in baghdad morning Sanborn drive . James in the passenger seat . eldridge be in the gunner 's turret . they ride in silence , each man alone with he thought . title over : day left in bravo company rotation : 37 ext road behind british embassy day a fade blue opal sit by a high wall lace with concertina wire . it 's at the end of a narrow cul de sac which back onto the embassy . the narrow cul de sac dog-leg into another street . at the entrance to the cul de sac , there be a phalanx of soldier and we eod tech . Sanborn and eldridge be unload the robot from the humvee . other soldier be evacuate office worker from the embassy . 38 James seem frustrated with the situation - frown into the face of the sergeant in charge . sergeant a office worker call it in . the car do not belong to anyone who work at the building . it 's be park there for a hour . no license plate and the suspension be sagging , so there 's something heavy in the trunk -- three or four hundred pound . could be a bomb . jame do you evacuate ? sergeant we be try . but the English ambassador say we be suppose to guarantee he safety . Sanborn approach , lap top in hand . sanborn bot be ready . ext road behind embassy a woman in a bhurka on a motorcycle ride past the Soldiers and towards the opal -- soldier 1 ( raise he rifle ) shit -- what do you want I to do ? soldier 2 shoot she . soldier 1 we can not shoot she for riding a bike ... -- cu the motorcyclist 's hand , hold a molotov cocktail . it 's hide from view of the soldier . -- she roll the cocktail under the car and dart down a alley the car burst into flame , and the scene break into -- pandemonium -- 39 -- eldridge frantically strap James into the suit , as the car burn . -- James take off he sunglass , clean they , calmly . -- Sanborn run to the truck and return with a fire extinguisher , which he hand to James . jame eldridge - I want you in that window - keep the alley clear . Sanborn , cover it from the street . Sanborn look at the alley : not a happy place . eldridge take off towards the embassy entrance . int . ambassador's office ambassador sir auckland gedde , the epitome of the old style of british foreign service : elegant , self assure , a gentleman adventurer in Seville row , hope to improve the world , certain he will profit in the attempt . he 's hold court with a group of executive . the executive be seat around a conference table under the ambassador 's sway . there 's a model of a british Petroleum gas station / convenience store , in English and Arabic , in the center of the table . ambassador gedde ... so in sixteen month time I believe five million gallon per day be in fact rather conservative . sound out the window . a executive turn he head nervously . executive but security be still the big variable ? the ambassador brushes he hand in dismissal . ambassador gedde only on the margin . ( smiling ) everyday , the risk diminish and the reward multiply -- eldridge enter . 40 ambassador gedde ah , and here be eod . you see gentleman , everything be fine . the site be secure . the bomb -- if there even be one -- will easily be dispense by the crack american team . eldridge Excuse I . eldridge rush over to the window to see the street . eldridge ( into walkie ) blaster Mike , I be at the window . sanborn he 's station himself near the mouth of the alley . wisp of smoke and flame in the air . sanborn ( into walkie ) copy that . how 's the fire look from up there . ambassador's office eldridge ( into walkie ) flame a meter high , over . jame Close to the burn car . smoke rise from the hood and the under carriage awash in flame , like a sleep dragon . James spray the fire-extinguisher and the fire subside . he inspect the interior - look normal enough - and try to open the trunk with a pair of plier , but the handle do not give and snap off under he effort . he kick the trunk but it remain shut . he turn and lumber up range , jaw set . sanborn watch James walk back uprange . 41 sanborn ( into walkie ) blaster one , what be go on ? jame o.s. ( headset ) stay put , I will be right back . stand alone in the kill zone at the mouth of the alley . eldridge ( over walkie ) what 's happen ? sanborn ( into walkie ) good question . but I be not like it . humvee James be bury inside the humvee , search . he toss what he do not need , and a succession of item come fly out -- food , clothing , a tarp . now James walk back towards the Blue opal without say a word . in he hand be a crowbar . blue opal James wind up and swing hard at the door . wham ! nope . wham ! wham ! wham ! he drop the crowbar and try the trunk . Presto , it open , revealing : a trunk overflow with explosive -- ten time what we have see before . James be take aback . jame ( headset ) we be all in the kill zone on this one . sanborn Sanborn stare at James and the car . great . 42 jame now inside the car , slip on the slimy seat , he cut the seat cushion with he knife , and rip out the foam upholstery , and find more bad news bury underneath : six artillery shell and a wire that lead to the floorboard and go under the carpete . James dive to the wire and cut it , then rip open the carpet to reveal more wire -- and follow the wire through the car , rip apart the car piece by piece , cut wire as he go . ambassador's office a executive get up to look out the window . eldridge ( to executive ) Sir , I be go to need you to stay away from the window . ambassador gedde yes , please , sit down . it 's safe . executive why be he here , if it 's safe ? ambassador gedde he be just a observer . executive ( to eldridge ) be that true , we be safe here ? eldridge ( distracted ) in my opinion , no . executive take this as a cue to leave . get up , shuffle out of the room . the ambassador be furious at eldridge , advance on he . ambassador gedde this be idiotic . why not tow the vehicle away from the building ? eldridge I believe the lane be too narrow for a humvee , Sir . 43 ambassador gedde donkey . use donkey . eldridge I do not believe we have any of that on hand , sir. ambassador gedde Jesus , Lord . you Americans really be incompetent . no donkey on hand ? what do you think I be talk about , a full squadron of farm animal ? eldridge try to stay on task . eldridge sir -- ambassador gedde ( cut he off ) go downstairs , grab a farmer or one of that street vendor and procure - meaning purchase , buy - several donkey . then tow this car bomb away from my office . eldridge ( steeling himself ) Sir , I be go to need you to step away from the window . gedd look out the window at the burn car . sanborn his walkie bark to life . jame o.s. ( over Sanborn 's walkie ) lot of pink det cord here . sanborn ( into talkie ) where 's the switch ? jame jame ( headset ) not in the back seat . 44 James be now in the front seat , tear up the upholstery . jame cont 'd ( headset ) not in the front seat . doors. dash . a wisp of smoke curl out of the heating vent . James do not notice . sanborn o.s. ( walkie - talkie ) if you have not find it yet , it 's probably under the car . jame ( headset ) none of the cord go under . it 's up here -- somewhere . sanborn o.s. ( walkie - talkie ) try the weather - stripping . James rip off a chunk of weather stripping . just bare metal . sanborn sanborn ( into walkie ) it 's be thirty second . you need to bail . jame o.s. ( walkie - talkie ) I can find it . jame he crawl to the back seat , slip on the foam and slime . more smoke escape from the vent . sanborn o.s. ( walkie - talkie ) James , seriously , you need to bail . jame ( headset ) Roger that . be right out . James retrace what 's leave of the wire , yet again , ignore Sanborn . he sit back in the seat , strangely relaxed . 45 ext . alley a shadow come into Sanborn 's sight . it 's a iraqi on a bicycle , riding straight towards he . eldridge o.s. ( walkie - talkie ) incoming . Sanborn raise he rifle . the man pedal on , wave he hand . bicyclist ( in arabic ) where be the entrance to this building ? sanborn imshee ! imshee ! the bicyclist look at the car . eldridge train he scope on the head of the bicyclist . eldridge ( into walkie ) I be go to burn he on three . one . gedd just look at the big man at the window . ambassador gedde oh , that 's rich . give he a count . through eldridge 's scope the bicyclist grow . he flick off he safety . eldridge ( into walkie ) blaster Mike , do you copy ? ( to himself ) ) please do not make I kill you . ambassador gedde be in combat very long ? 46 sanborn sanborn ( into walkie to eldridge ) copy that . ( to jame ) James , you need to get out . there 's another potential bomber here . back to jame jame ( to sanborn ) so shoot he . back to sanborn bicyclist ( in arabic ) I need to make a delivery down there . please let I through . ambassador's office eldridge o.s. ( into walkie ) two !! sanborn sanborn ( into walkie ) negative , negative . hold you fire . ( shouting at bicyclist ) get the fuck out of here ! the bicyclist do a about face , but not before casting a last suspicious glance back at the car bomb . Sanborn refocus on the opal ; he 's lose he cool . sanborn ( into walkie ) blaster one , do you copy , over ? 47 jame still sit in the back seat . now he see the smoking vent . jame ( headset ) gimmie a minute . eldridge eye never leave the street below , flick the safety of he rifle back on . gedd notice the sweat on eldridge 's face , and feel a sudden surge of sympathy for the young man . ambassador gedde well do . that take great self control . eldridge thank you , sir . again , I apologize for the intrusion into -- ambassador gedde yes , but I doubt the insurgent will appreciate you restraint . ( in a kindly , paternal tone ) if I may give you a piece of free advice , next time , pull the trigger . eldridge well , actually , the uh--rule -- ambassador gedde that 's the only way out , I be afraid . when you be in a lose battle , you have to draw blood . no insurgency in modern history have ever be truly defeat , so all you can do be manage you exit . clear a wide swath of body so you have room to withdraw . suddenly the office door open and a young aide appear . aide the building be empty , Sir , except for you . 48 gedd nod , grab he coat and move to eldridge for one last jab . ambassador gedde I be sorry to say it , but that 's just how it 's do . you need to show some vigor . in kenya , we execute the insurgent in they bed , until they give we room . falkland , the same . that 's just how it 's do . eldridge look up , he 's have enough . swing around . eldridge be that how you do it in Northern Ireland ? with murder ? ambassador gedde ( smiling ) there you be . now you be show some vigor . and leave . eldridge ( into walkie ) j.t , the building be clear now . we can pull out . sanborn sanborn ( into walkie ) Roger that . ( to James ) will , we can pull out . the building be evacuate . ( no answer ) James ? still no answer . sanborn ( into walkie ) blaster one , we be clear to leave this fuck site . walk away . do you copy , over ? 49 jame jame ( headset ) stay where you be , Sanborn . I be not do . and with that , James turn off he walkie . click . eldridge eldridge ( into walkie ) j.t. , be we move ? sanborn sanborn ( into walkie ) negative . negative . eldridge o.s. ( over talkie ) I do not copy that . do you say negative ? sanborn ( into walkie ) Roger . we be stay until James be finish . ( nervously ) James , what 's the situation ? ( no answer ) goddamn , will , I need a report . jame James ' Pov . he see in the corner of the back seat , have just wipe away a puddle of fire retardant , a little black box , with a wire lead out of it . he grab the box . jame get it . blue opal the black box go fly out of the car . 50 ext mouth of cul do sac Sanborn be furious , stalking ahead of James as they return uprange . Sanborn pass eldridge , who have come down from the ambassador 's office . sanborn take the suit . humvee James ' face look flushed , red , sweat drip . eldridge begin rip apart the velcro from James ' leg . moment later James sit in the car , smoking . Sanborn lean into the window . sanborn hey , James . jame yeah ? Sanborn jab he in the jaw , knock the cigarette out . sanborn do not you turn off you walkie again . Sanborn stalk off and James explode out of the car . he crouch down -- search the floor of the humvee . see he cigarette , damage and dirty on the mucky floor , but still burn . he extract it and carefully clean it off , then jump on the hood of the humvee and go back to he smoke . he 's calm as can be . the marlboro man . as he puff away , watch Sanborn converse with a group of soldier , a jeep drive up . colonel reed jump out wear a uniform cover in army bling - medal he win a long time ago , before he travel up the food chain . a aide trot along beside he . 51 colonel reed hi boy . James turn around . jame ( uncharacteristically awed ) hello , sir . colonel reed ( point to James ) that you in the bomb suit ? jame yes , sir , it be . colonel reed ( read he name tag ) you be the guy in the flame car , sergeant James ? James be concerned . jame yes , sir . colonel reed well hot damn , that be some hot shit . you be a wild man , you know that ? the Colonel spin he head around to eldridge . colonel reed he 's a wild man , you know that ? ( back to James ) let I shake you hand . extend he meaty paw . jame thank you , sir . slap he on the back . colonel reed how many bomb have you disarm , sergeant ? James seem slightly self - conscious . eldridge listen in . 52 jame Hell , I be not sure . a lot . colonel reed sergeant , I ask you a question . jame one seven three . count today , sir. colonel reed Holy shit . one hundred and seventy fuck three bomb . God damn . that must be a record . so tell I , what 's the best way to go about disarming one of this thing ? James do not answer as he look at the black box . finally : jame the way you do not die . colonel reed ( laughing ) good one , speak like a wild man . ( looking around ) I would like a picture with this man - anybody here have a camera ? a nearby soldier hold a digital camera up to he eye . Colonel reed smile big , arm drape around James 's shoulder . SNAP . jame thanks , sir , thank you very much . Sir , could not do it without my team ( look around for Sanborn ) hey , Sanborn ! get over here ! Sanborn trot over , glower . jame ( to Col. reed ) this here be sergeant Sanborn , the key to the whole team . ( rub it in ) and specialist eldridge . Colonel reed extend he hand . Sanborn be shocked . colonel reed you guy should all get bronze star and I be gonna recommend it . 53 jame eldridge thank you , sir. thank you , sir. sanborn thanks , sir. colonel reed good luck , boy . keep on keep on . few feet away out of earshot Colonel reed address he aide . colonel reed you would not catch I walk down on no fuckin ' bomb . Hell no , you be not gonna get I in that monkey suit . humvee James sit in the front with he ipod earphone on . lose to the world . eldridge start to climb into the turret . before he do he speak softly to Sanborn . eldridge bronze star ? sanborn I do not care , ( not caring that James may overhear ) the guy be not safe . you can have mine and I will pin it on you coffin . eldridge so you do think I be go to die . sanborn fuck , Owen . I do not know . probably not . CUT to : 54 ext camp victory weapon discharge station afternoon James , Sanborn and eldridge be discharge they weapon , dry fire they into steel drum . click of ammunition . Long shadow . ext camp victory first sergeant's trailer afternoon James step out , grab a smoke , as a soccer ball roll beside he . it 's pele 's . inviting James to play . pele ( shout ) Ball ! Ball ! James pick it up , and carry it over to a pile of sandbag and sit down . pele run up . pele give it . jame give I my five buck and I will give you you ball . pele five dollar - for what ? jame that dvd be crap . they be so fuzzy I could not see a thing . pele no , impossible . jame I be tell you , they be fuzzy . pele that 's Hollywood , my man . special effect . the boy 's chutzpa amuse James . he 's start to like this kid . jame what 's you name anyway ? pele pele . 55 jame oh yeah - like the soccer player ? pele yes , the great pele James get up . motion for the kid to give he space . jame ready ? one , two -- he smashes the ball in pele 's direction -- it fly up . pele block it easily , kick high in the air . jame -- three . shit. pele come back over to James , who have sit back down . he notice the bomb patch on James ' uniform . pele ( point to the patch ) so you be eod -- boomala boomala . it 's fun , no ? jame I like to disarm they . tell you what , kid , I will buy another dvd from you but if this one be fuzzy you better watch out . Cause I be come for you . int camp victory mess tent day Sanborn and eldridge eat together . in the corner of the room , James be eat alone in a sea of soldier . int camp victory head shed eldridge and the psychiatrist be back in session . eldridge ( leaning forward ) what if I should be pull the trigger more often ? killing people ? bomb maker . lo. col . cambbridge that 's not you mission . you mission be to protect life . render safe . 56 eldridge but what if I need to change the mission - to survive ? that bicyclist I tell you about ? I be ninety percent sure he be a insurgent . I could have shot he . not my mission . but it would have be legal . lo. col . cambbridge you do not have to turn into a animal just to protect yourself . eldridge you do not ? lo. col . cambbridge no . eldridge and you know this from you extensive work in the field . lo. col . cambbridge I have do my field duty . eldridge where be that ? Yale ? lo. col cambridge look , specialist , if you want to stop talk to I , you can . this session be voluntary . you choose to be here , talk to I , just like you choose the Army , just like you choose eod . you be in a elite volunteer unit . not many guy have the iq or the nerve to do it . be proud of it . eldridge consider this . the psychiatrist tap he pencil . wait . eldridge keep the soldier in the fight and the fight in the soldier , right Doc ? eldridge put out he hand , and they shake . 57 eldridge seriously , I appreciate what you be say . but you need to get out from behind this desk more . int camp victory laundry room night James be watch he clothes dry as they tumble around the machine . Sanborn come in with a pile of laundry . see James . sanborn hey . jame hey . Sanborn stuff he laundry into a machine . James be still watch the drier , start to speak . jame ( quietly ) if you ever get in my shoe and put on the bomb suit you will see you whole mind change when you be in front of a bomb . you lose 20 iq point just from the weight of the suit . you brain get so much adrenaline that you hallucinate . turn off the walkie ? Sanborn stare straight ahead . jame you will be lucky if all you do be turn off the walkie . off the spin dryer , we -- CUT to : ext baghdad somewhere in the CITY mid afternoon heat play trick with light on the ribbon of road - imaginary water pool on the surface . again , the auditory landscape of Baghdad : distant call to prayer and the incessant rat - tat - tat of gunfire . 58 title over : day left in bravo company rotation : 23 James be walk uprange with a large artillery shell . it look very heavy and he 's sweat profusely . he bring the bomb to the humvee where Sanborn and eldridge be wait . they be also suffer in the heat . they take the shell from he , and stow it in the truck . jame how be we on water ? I be die . eldridge j.t. 's get some . jame ( to sanborn ) Water ? sanborn no. I be all out . James just look at he . CUT to : ext baghdad purgatory day we be at the south end of a explosive disposal range , nickname , ` purgatory ' -- a empty expanse of dirt pockmark with crater and border on one side by a small number of dwelling . boom !!! a huge bomb explode , send dust and debris into the air in a mini mushroom cloud ... we move across the field with the cloud , and settle where we eod team be position by they humvee . Sanborn have a remote detonator in he hand and be about to blow it . sanborn Fire in the hole . Fire in the hole James interrupt -- jame hold on a second . I think I forget my glove back there . 59 James jump into the humvee and drive down range , reversing the course we just take . it 's a long way to the explosive , at least half a mile , and Sanborn and eldridge watch he recede in the distance . James be a tiny figure , amble around the explosive pile . there 's nobody else around . Sanborn look down at the detonator in he hand . eldridge notice the look . eldridge that detonator break all the time . accidental misfire . sanborn with that shot laid out like that , it could be a uxo that just cook off . eldridge boom . sanborn boom . eldridge a shot that size would obliterate everything in its path . sanborn his helmet , you would have that . eldridge oh yeah , there would be half a helmet somewhere . sanborn and little bit of hair stick to it . eldridge Little bit of hair . sanborn we would have to recommend a major change in technique and protocol so that kind of accident never happen again . you would write the first draft of the report . eldridge be you serious ? 60 sanborn I be not go to write it . eldridge no , be you serious about kill he ? -- Sanborn look up at eldridge . smile . James start drive back uprange . CUT to : ext field outskirt of baghdad late afternoon another dusty nowhere . the eod team be stop in the middle of a road that cut through a swath of desert . at the roadside be several soldier and they vehicle . the soldier look sunburn , tired . Sanborn and eldridge be near the soldier , look down the road where -- title over : day left in bravo company rotation : 17 crater James be inside a crater in the middle of the road , work on a EIGHT - foot missile . he attaches a rocket wrench , a metal band with two explosive tube , to the nose of the missile -- and flip a switch . the two tube ignite like a firecracker , shoot small flame . then the flame grow and band spin and fly off , zipping into the air above James ' head like a metal frisbee , landing fifty foot away . James peer into the nose cone . a hollow void . sanborn ( over walkie ) James ? do you copy ? James ? he climb to the top of the crater . 61 jame ( into headset ) it 's empty . ext / int crater moment later the soldier be gather around the pit to see eod work . it 's not everyday you get to see a eight foot missile tow out of a hole . James be down in the pit . Sanborn hand he a chain . work together , they wrap it around the missile . when they be do , Sanborn signal eldridge , who be behind the wheel of the humvee , ready to tow the missile out of the crater . sanborn ( to eldridge ) rock it out , slowly . the chain creak , then stop . the tire spin uselessly . sanborn ( cont 'd ) try gun it . the tire only spin faster . Sanborn move to get a closer look . his knee come very near to the creak chain . jame ( see this from the pit ) Sanborn , watch that chain . sanborn it 's alright . when ... ka - boooom -- the sky flash orange overhead -- James flat on he back , daze . a shard of metal zoom into the pit , miss he by inch -- as the soldier dive into the pit for cover , shouting " rpg , rpg ! " humvee eldridge , who be in the driver 's seat , start shoot he m4 rifle . eldridge ( shout ) what be I shoot at ? 62 Sanborn jump into the humvee . sanborn ( shout back ) I do not fuck know ! -- but James be down !!! he fire in the same direction as eldridge . the humvee get pepper with bullet . the armor hold . but it do not look like it 's go to last for much longer . Sanborn grab eldridge . and they dive back into the pit , join James and three soldier : a sergeant one private and a corporal who be a sniper . James be sit up , take off he bomb suit . he appear to be unharme . road one of the soldier be in the turret of a humvee , fire the big .50 machine gun in all direction . crater sergeant ( to sniper ) get up there with you barret and help he out . [ note : barret be the large .50 sniper rifle carry by one of the soldier , a specialty gun with a extremely long range . ] the sniper hoist the heavy gun to the edge of the crater and look down the scope . as he do , Sanborn , eldridge , and James , and the other soldier pop up and lay down cover fire . then they quickly pop back down . road the soldier in the humvee be still churn he machine gun , shoot in all direction , expend hundred of bullet a minute . 63 crater sniper ( to sergeant ) I do not see nothing out there . Chris be shoot wild . sergeant ( into walkie ) hey Chris - can you hear I ? chill out on the fifty man . road the soldier in the humvee fire a few more second . pick up he walkie . soldier ( into walkie ) copy that . -- as a bullet hit he in the neck , kill he instantly . crater sniper Holy shit . he kill Chris . everyone in the pit pop up and fire in every direction , a knee - jerk response . a soldier pick up he walkie and key it . we can not hear he talk over the retort of the soldier fire rifle . the man be pin down , paralyze by fear . sniper fire from one of the building rake the top of the crater . -- bullet kick up sand on the far side of the crater , opposite the man . -- eldridge look like he 's have a heart attack . this be how it end , he think . -- James seem preternaturally calm . after a while -- jame we should save we ammo at least until we can see this bastard . 64 the sergeant take off he pack , and pull out a pair of binocular . inching up to the edge of the crater , where he join the sniper sergeant ( to sniper ) do you see anything . sniper it 's get to be come from that building . somebody move on the roof of the tall one there . we see the building in the distance . they look too far away to be threaten . sergeant hit he if you see he again . as suddenly -- the sniper be hit in the breastbone . sergeant oh fuck . oh fuck . Jesus . in the pit : total meltdown . this be it . the day you die . everyone start talk at once . soldier sanborn man we get to get out of I will get on the barret . here . eldridge sergeant do not do that j.t. shit. okay . we need help . ( into walkie ) ) this be Alpha nine . we be in deep shit . over . dispatch ( o.s. ) jame Roger that , Alpha nine . go ( to sergeant ) ahead . let I see that binoc . the sergeant hand the binoc to James . sergeant ( into walkie ) we be take income fire . I have two kia . the grid -- James give Sanborn a look . he lean in to say something to Sanborn , which we can not hear . 65 over the sergeant 's walkie : dispatch ( o.s. ) I know where you be Alpha . go ahead . Sanborn crawl into the sniper 's position , move the dead body out of the way . James follow next to he to observe with the binoc sergeant ( into walkie ) copy that . okay . can you get we some help . ( to James and Sanborn ) do not do that fella . Sanborn be already shoot . the sniper rifle put down bullet slowly . it have a clip of six round . one by one Sanborn expend they . jame eldridge , I need ammo . eldridge pull two clip of ammunition off the bloody chest of the dead sniper . jame ( look through the binocs ) you be shoot high . eldridge hand the ammo to Sanborn , who jam the clip in the rifle , and then adjust the sight . he pull the trigger . the gun jam . jame ( to sanborn ) clear it , clear it . ( the clip be remove , pass to James ) eldridge clean the bullet . the blood be make they jam . eldridge be hand the bloody clip . he pop the bullet out , one by one , and try to clean they . but the blood be sticky . a bullet slip out of he hand , roll down the crater . the soldier help he by pick up the bullet and clean it . James look back to see eldridge 's progress . jame spit on `em eldridge . spit. rub. spit rub . 66 eldridge be try . he 's really try . jame come on , eldridge . I need ammo . James see that eldridge be not get it and he draw close to he . jame you be do good , man . ( put he hand on eldridge 's shoulder ) . you be okay . eldridge nod . his mind be there but he hand be disobey he . James attempt to clear he head . jame I will keep you safe , Owen , that 's my job . eldridge Roger . the soldier hand the ammo to James . jame ( to both of they ) alright . scan you sector . then eldridge position himself so he 's look in the opposite direction that James and Sanborn be look . Sanborn fire two more round . jame ( calmly ) still high , adjust you windage . elevation . sanborn get it . sniper rifle Pov the roof of the tall building in the distance bob in and out of view . at this great range , the scope dance . 67 crater jame he 's on the leave by the smoke stack . guy in white . Sanborn fire once . he turn he head away from the gun and make a audible exhale to release tension -- the sniper breath control technique . jame good . there 's another one just behind he . up a meter . Sanborn fire once . audible exhale . jame good . James scan the area . silence . crater a hour later the sun lower in the sky . around the pit , the fall soldier have be push to one side , and the live be hang on to they sanity . eldridge and the remain soldier have exhaust they water supply . Sanborn and James be in exactly the same position as when we leave they . focus . Sanborn 's finger on the trigger . Sanborn breathes out , the sniper breathe . he 's be do this for a hour , time and the desert heat have take they toll . Sanborn blink sweat away . sanborn Pov the scope blur . he regains focus . jame notice Sanborn 's fatigue . jame eldridge , grab I the juice out of a mre . 68 eldridge dig around the dead soldier be backpack and retrieve a packet of juice , which he pass to James . James insert the straw into the juice pack . he hesitates , not sure if Sanborn will accept the gesture after all the hostility that 's pass between they . but he bring the straw to Sanborn 's lip . at first , Sanborn keep he attention on the rifle scope . but then he open he parched mouth , and sip . -- suddenly , there 's movement , a flutter of fabric , in the distance off eldridge 's shoulder . he stiffen . eldridge uh , will . jame yeah . eldridge at my one o'clock . two hundred meter . something move behind a park car . either a tan dog or a man in a light - color shirt . jame deal with it . eldridge uh --ok . eldridge look down he scope , unsure . James keep he focus forward on the building . eldridge I do not think it 's a dog . should I fire ? jame it 's you call . eldridge shift he weight onto he rifle . there 's a flutter of movement in the distance . eldridge pull the trigger . spray the car in the distance . empty he entire magazine . from behind the car , something fall to the ground , and the tiniest sliver of a rifle clatter after it . 69 the soldier in the pit come over to eldridge to see what he 's do . soldier good hit , man . James and Sanborn do not turn around . eldridge slump , spend . crater two hour later Sun casting long shadow . James and Sanborn in the same focus position . eldridge still watch the rear . the soldier in the pit reach he break point . soldier I be go to go for the humvee . what do you say ? sergeant I do not know . soldier we have be here two hour and they be not see nothing . I be go to go for it . and with that he dash up and out of the crater . Sanborn keep he eye on the scope . road the soldier run to the humvee , get in , and turn the vehicle around , drive it back to the pit . he dive out of the vehicle and back to the pit . soldier ( excite ) that fucker be dead . sergeant what if they hit we with a rpg when we get out ? what if they be just wait for we to get in the humvee . 70 soldier it 's safe . I be tell you ( to sanborn ) you get that fucker . the soldier jump out of the pit . stands in the middle of the road . a sit duck . soldier ( to man in the pit ) see ? you get they . ( turn to building , shout ) we get you mother fucker . you be fuck dead hajis . haha . the soldier pull down he pants and moon the building . soldier kiss this mother fucker !!! James lower he binoc . Sanborn lower he rifle . they exchange a mirthful look . CUT to : int camp victory jame ' trailer night James and Sanborn face each other ; both man be red-face , drunk , sway . jame ready ? Sanborn nod . wham ! Sanborn reel back from the punch . James be stand over he . glowering . he look good . the rage be like a vitamin . jame now we be even . Sanborn stumble back , recover . around they in James ' room be the remain of a irish wake : two bottle of scotch , already empty . a third half go . cigarettes burn down in a ashtray . sanborn be right back . I gotta piss . as Sanborn stumble out , James turn to eldridge 71 jame one more , boy . eldridge ( imitate a young recruit ) yes , Sir , sergeant James sir. you be not very good drunk be you sir !! you be a good fighter , sir. Natural bear warrior , sir. jame ( semi - seriously ) you acquitted yourself well on the field of battle today . eldridge really ? I get scared . jame everyone be a coward at some point in they life . Sanborn come in . he see a box under James ' bed . Sanborn pick up the box under James ' bed and plop it on the table , intentionally break up the love - fest between James and eldridge . sanborn hey Owen , look ! will have possession ! I do not know you own anything , will . Sanborn pull a picture frame out of the box . it 's a picture of a baby boy . eldridge lean in . jame that 's my son . a real tough little bastard . like I . sanborn so you be marry ? James be uncomfortable with the subject . intimacy be not easy for he . he roll he eye , nod . jame well , she be my girlfriend , we have a baby , then she become my wife , then we get divorced . ( pause ) I think we get divorced . ( pause ) but she 's still in the house , and she say we be still together . ( more ) 72 jame ( cont 'd ) so , I do not know . what do that make she ? sanborn Dumb , to be with you ? jame she be not dumb . she 's loyal . sanborn my problem be the one girl who I like keep talk about kid . kid . kid . jame ( to sanborn ) give she you sperm , stud . sanborn Nah . I be not ready . ( look around the box , find a circuit board . ) ) and what 's this ? Sanborn see there be many such part in the box . jame bomb part . sanborn no shit . why do you have they ? James reach into the box . pull out a circuit . look at it admiringly . jame this be from the Blue opal . ( to himself ) it 's wild , be not it , to hold something in you hand that could have kill you . ( he toss the board to Sanborn ) eldridge lean over , pull another board out of the box . he 's fascinate by James ' obsession . eldridge what 's this one from ? jame ( warming to the attention ) that be one of we early roadside bomb we disarm , the one with -- 73 sanborn ( look at the board ) -- it 's a piece of junk from Radio shack . James shrug . he reach over to get the circuit board from Sanborn , who clearly do not share he fascination . eldridge it's interesting jame I agree . in the distance , sound of bomb go off . the man pause to listen . sanborn ( to eldridge ) the only reason he like you be because you act like he bitch , and you look up to he , and he like to be the top dog . jame I agree with that too . eldridge oh no , ( pick up James ' pistol ) the humiliation be too great to bear . ( he pull the trigger while slip out the clip ) . good-bye world . the gun click harmlessly . eldridge laugh . a gust of wind rattles the front door . sanborn that punch be harder than I hit you . I be owed a good one . jame alright . eldridge hold on , we need some rule . no face shot . James lift off he shirt , get into fight mode . eldridge pick up a marker and begin to draw a bull - eye on James ' stomach , stop when he see a cluster of scar . 74 jame beauty mark , my mother drop I at birth . eldridge look like frag scar . Sanborn slug James . James double over , lose he balance and fall back . James get up , laugh so hard it hurt . tear of laughter fall down he face . jame ahhhh ! excellent . now you turn . Sanborn brace for the blow . James get ready to strike , then fake a swing -- he fist stop just shy of Sanborn 's cheek . Sanborn 's eye go wide as -- James nail he with he other hand , right in the gut -- Sanborn double over . jame ( laughing ) look like it hurt . move forward aggressively , suddenly James look like he could kill . a complete change in he demeanor , as wind rock the trailer , cause the light bulb to rattle and cast a strange shadow -- then James rush Sanborn , tackle he -- they crash into the corner of the room -- in a flash James be on top of Sanborn , pin he -- Sanborn move to punch James but James pin he hand -- James tap Sanborn lightly on the cheek , caress he cheek . jame there there . it will be okay . sanborn get off of I you freak . Sanborn try to buck James off . forcefully raise he hip . jame oh yeah , ride I , ride I . Sanborn reach for he boot knife . he flick it open , bring the blade to James ' throat . they eye lock . James dismount , laugh . stumble back to the table . 75 jame you be alright , Sanborn . let 's have another . CUT to : ext camp victory later the wind be blow harder , kick up sand . overhead , a full moon be blaze . James look up at the moon . it 's dazzle . James and eldridge support Sanborn as they weave towards eldridge 's trailer . jame I get he . eldridge pass Sanborn off to James , and head up the stair to he trailer . eldridge later . Sanborn sag . James pull he back . they walk a little farther to Sanborn 's trailer -- jame okay . here we go big boy . and half carry Sanborn up the step . int . sanborn' trailer James ease Sanborn onto a cot , and as he fall onto the cot , the white envelope fall out of he pocket . sanborn do you think I have what it take to get in the bomb suit ? James do not expect this . jame sure . James pick up the white envelope and put it on Sanborn 's night table . he look back . Sanborn be already asleep . 76 ext camp victory after midnight the whole camp be asleep but James be stand outside , hold a satellite phone . he 's sway . drunk . connie o.s. ( sleepily ) James , my God , what time be it ? be you alright . pause . connie o.s. James ? jame ( slightly slurre ) I be do fine , babe . how be you ? connie o.s. well , you wake I up . but - ah - we - we be fine . ( get more lively ) will junior say " bobba " he mean bottle , but he 's talk , will . James look around the camp . all he see be its immensity , the tremendous scope of the operation . this be military might , raw power . as good as it get . jame great . I will call you tomorrow when you be awake . connie o.s. will , I can not wait until you come home . silence . connie ( cont 'd ) will ? jame ( try he best to mean it ) yeah , I too . connie o.s. will you call I again soon ? jame sure . bye honey . 77 connie o.s. bye honey . James hit the end button on the phone and walk up the step to he trailer -- int jame trailer later that night he stumble inside , drop the satellite phone down on he desk , next to he bomb suit helmet , and sink into bed . he lie there , clothed and awake , and stare at the helmet , look at he reflection in the polished glass . then James reach over to the helmet and lift it up , heft it . he put the helmet on he head . alone in he bed , wear he helmet . smiling behind the glass , for he now he can sense the bomb , and feel he nearness to death . we hear the rasp of he breathe . CUT to : int sanborn' trailer morning Sanborn blink awake to a painfully bright sun . he shift he attention to the white envelope on the table . int camp victory warehouse day a soldier wear glass be talk to Sanborn . soldier what can I do for you ? sanborn I have something ? soldier remains ? sanborn no . soldier personal effect ? 78 sanborn yeah . Sanborn reach into he back pocket , withdraw the white envelope . he open it . Inside be Thompson 's dog tag . he crumple the envelope , let it fall to the floor . and grip the tag tightly . soldier what 's the name ? sanborn Thompson , matt. sergeant eod . Baker company . soldier ( look at a form ) okay let I see . he 's at three - three - eight . ( look ) third aisle down the hall . Sanborn turn to look , and now we see where he 's stand : in the mortuary affayr unit , in a large room fill with white box . it look like a art installation , each white box space evenly in a cavernous space . soldier I will walk you over there . they walk down the aisle , pass row and row of white box , and finally stop . the soldier open one . Inside be a pair of boot . a stack of clothes . book . photograph . the remain of a life . soldier here you go . do you know he ? Sanborn place the tag on the uniform in the box . sanborn yeah , I do . he be my team leader . soldier oh , I be sorry brother . they walk up the aisle , again pass the row of white box . at the entrance , Sanborn turn . the soldier offer he hand . they shake warmly . 79 sanborn thank you . thank you . the soldier , a little perplex at Sanborn 's gratitude , do not know what to say . Sanborn leave , notice the empty envelope on the floor . litter . he pick it up and stuff it back into he pocket . int mess tent day James and eldridge eat in hang -over silence . tire . after a while ... eldridge tough night . jame Hell , yeah . eldridge nod . wind pick up . the whole tent shake . jame be not you suppose to be at you shrink ? eldridge I fire he . I say , Doc , shoot a man have a salubrious effect on I . jame what the hell do that mean ? eldridge healthy . jame you be healthy ? well , why not . they go back to eat . Sanborn join James and eldridge . sanborn what 's up team ? 80 they nod silently as he sit . sluggishly he throw he hand down on the table . sanborn can I get a huu-haa ? eldridge slap a tired hand on top of Sanborn 's . James follow suit . they wearily lift they arm in mock enthusiasm . all at once : " huu-haa . " Sanborn wolf down some food . jame I be go back to sleep now . eldridge let 's roll . they get up to bus they trays . and near the dirty - tray bin , the flap of the tent billow more and more vigorously . outside , a storm be brewing . each man unfurl the checker scarf around they neck and wrap they face for the wind . ext camp victory day wind rake sand and dust over the tent city , give it a otherworldly aspect . throng of man and vehicle fight the swirl . it impede they every move . the three man continue onwards , as the intensity of the storm grow . ext head shed day the storm be howling now . visibility be reduce to a few foot . Red sand blow mercilessly . it 's Mars . title over : day left in bravo company rotation : 16 as they approach the head shed , a humvee come blast out of the storm from the other direction . it skid to a halt in front of they . Three wounded eod tech and a eod team leader tumble out . 81 they look awful . one step shy of death . one man 's face be smear brown . blood ooze from a deep gash in he cheek . another tech be cover in black soot . they hand still clutch they weapon -- the battle still wage in they mind . team leader ( shouting to James ) it be a car bomb . Fucking nasty one -- they have a decoy detonator set up so that when I disarm it nothing happen -- then , I be walk back uprange to get some more tool and boooom !!! if I have not be wear the suit , I would be dead right now . eldridge get a medic to look at you cheek . the wounded team leader touch he face and blood smear on he hand ... he look down ... surreal to see you own blood . the first sergeant trot over . team leader ( amaze at the sight of he blood ) ) it 's no big deal . ( now turn he attention back to James ) ) be careful . they be start to hide the detonator really well . the first sergeant turn he attention to James : first sergeant sorry to ruin you day off , but you team be up . James blink back sand and dust blow into he eye . so much for the nap . int humvee camp victory parking lot Lt. col . cambridge knock on the window . startle the man . his face appear in the sand storm . lo. col . cambridge ( shout ) be you guy about to go out ? 82 jame yeah . lo. col . cambridge mind if I ride along ? I be sick to death of sit behind a desk all the time . James shoot eldridge a look . eldridge shrug . jame anytime , Sir . it 's a privilege . the lo. col . cambridge get in . as they drive out . jame do not mean to insult you intelligence , Sir . but if the shit hit the fan , please do not fire out of this window . they be bullet proof and the round will just bounce around the cabin . ext . abu graib CENTER bombed out build day a partially destroy building fill the screen . a mess of brick and rebar . wind swirl sand up into the air . nearby , a old iraqi man with a donkey draw cart be unload new brick to repair the building . farther up the road , a good distance from the building , be two park Humvees . nearby , James and he team be talk to a small cluster of soldier . soldier 1 ( point back at the build ) right up that stair . jame you be inside already ? soldier 1 in there ? fuck no . we have have report of all kind of shit come out of that house -- and -- James take he eye off the building and turn to the soldier . 83 jame and what -- soldier 1 -- body . James turn to Cambridge . jame why do not you wait here ? we will bring out anything of interest . int bombed out build late morning James , Sanborn and eldridge enter a landing . the floor be very wet . they cross it , and come to a room that have be severely damage by a bomb , with rubble everywhere and expose electrical wire dangle from the ceiling , and bust pipe gush water . a tea pot sit on a stove , steaming hot , and a plate on the table have bread on it . James bend the gush pipe , stemm the flow of water to a trickle . now the spitting wire hang above the water pipe look less ominous . but not by much . corridor they continue down a narrow corridor , light diminish . they switch on the light on they m4 . the corridor end at a door . sanborn this would be a great place to put a pressure activator . jame yeah , with like twenty pound of high explosive on it so you get anyone in the room when you open the door . eldridge rope trick ? eldridge uncoil rope from he pack and hand it to James , who make a lasso and toss it over the doorknob . 84 ext bombed out build James yank the rope -- we follow the rope inside through the kitchen to the doorknob , watch it turn . no bomb . they head back in . int door / stair bombed out build ascend a staircase . James unstrap a flash grenade from he vest and heave it onto the floor above . they stick they finger in they ear ... blind flash and deafening sound . then silence . no movement . jame guess no one 's home . soldier o.s. ( walkie - talkie ) blaster one , what be that ? jame ( into walkie ) sorry , one of ours , just a flash grenade . they come to a landing that open up to the second floor . second floor a large cavernous space fill with what look like Santa 's bomb make factory : a pile of motherboard . battery . boom box . electronics in various state of disassembly . in another corner , stack of artillery shell . Blocks of c4 plastic explosive . in the back half of the room , there be a work table , and on the table be a dead body of a young man , wear pants but no shirt . a jacket drape be over its torso and face . even for this harden eod expert , the sight be unnerve , and the copper smell of spilt blood and death be staggering , sicken . James , Sanborn and eldridge approach the body cautiously . James pull a retractable aluminum pole from he pack and telescope it to its maximum length , about 10 foot , and use the pole to lift the jacket . gently . the face appear . 85 all that we can determine about this face be that it be young . the distinguishing line of the nose and cheek be so cover by bruise and blood and further obscure by the shadow and dapple light , that it could be the face of almost any young man . the violence do to the face exert a odd pull on James . jame the kid at camp . sanborn what ? jame he sell dvd . sanborn no , that 's not he . jame you see he every day . he sell dvd by the mess tent . his name be pele . sanborn different kid . eldridge this be sick . the dead young man 's chest have be cut open . a artillery shell be shove inside the cavity where the heart use to beat . wire protrude from the shell . it 's mean to be a booby trap , to be place on a street and elicit as much damage as possible . sanborn you see a body bomb before ? James shake he head no . Sanborn move closer to the body and inspect the wiring in the chest . jame do not touch it . let 's blow it . jame position three block of c4 on the body , then plug blast cap into the explosive . James nod to Sanborn and eldridge , and they leave he alone with the body . 86 James walk backwards out of the room , unspool a roll of detonation cord as he go . but before he get to the door ... soldier o.s. ( over walkie ) blaster , we have get a hold . I be not get airspace clearance . jame ( into walkie ) copy that , how long ? soldier ( o.s. ) ( walkie - talkie ) Roger . could be anything . at least 15 minute be what they be say . jame ( into walkie ) can you -- you need to explain to they that we do not have 15 minute . soldier ( o.s. ) ( walkie - talkie ) Roger . I will see if we can push this ahead . James squat down , rest he rifle , look at the floor . moment pass and he feel a set of eye on he . he swivel he head to the leave and make eye contact with the dead kid on the table . the face do not have any of the marker of death ; it look alive . James turn away , then be compel to make eye contact again . he look at he watch . the second tick by all too slowly . he grab he walkie-talkie . jame ( into walkie ) Fifteen be not go to work . I need to do this now . soldier ( o.s. ) ( walkie - talkie ) Roger , I understand . if it be I , I would go for it , but I do not think command be go to budge under the circumstance . 87 jame ( into walkie ) tell command I be in a fuck war zone . and I be go to blow now . James get up , clip he rifle , and take the last few step out of the room . soldier ( o.s. ) ( walkie - talkie ) blaster one , I do not know who you know , but you get you permission . ready to det any time you say so . at the door he stop to look at the dead boy on the table . he look and look . finally : jame ( into walkie ) cancel that det . CUT to : jame reaching over the body of the boy . he pull the artillery shell out of the boy 's abdomen with he bare hand . he wipe he hand on he pants . jame ( into walkie ) this be blaster one , I be come down . int bombed out build James carry the body down the staircase . the head and foot bump the side of the staircase as he descend . ext bombed out build moment later the body lie on the street , James stand over it . a blue and white pickup truck emblazon with the logo of the iraqi National Police pull up to they position . a pair of policemen get out and after a few word with James , they load the body . 88 humvee Sanborn and eldridge sit across from each other , watch James . eldridge ... so you really do not think it be the dvd kid ? sanborn no , I do not . eldridge you be positive ? sanborn yeah . could it be ? one in a million chance . eldridge I do not know . will seem positive . but that be weird . sanborn very weird . they look out the window and notice Lt. Colonel Cambridge down the street surround by a crowd of iraqi men . cambridge Cambridge be try to talk to several of they at once . cambridge this be not a safe area for you . imshee ! they do not leave . Cambridge lift he rifle , not quite shoulder it . then one man , mid thirty , in a suit , step forward . iraqi man ( flawless english ) why do you talk to we like child . we be not child . cambridge gimme a break , will you ? iraqi man why should I ? 89 Cambridge , suddenly not so sure of himself , look back to the humvee and see -- jame watch the police truck drive away . he then move for the humvee , motion for Cambridge to load up . int humvee eldridge guzzle some water . wipe sweat from he brow . eldridge but then will 's pretty weird . he keep bomb part under he bed . pass the water to Sanborn . sanborn I bet you he do not put this one under he bed . Sanborn laugh . James crack the door , jump inside . he see Cambridge walk past the brick pile that the old iraqi man have create . the man be no longer there . something cross he mind when -- -- the brick pile explode in a a sickening blast , obliterate Cambridge and flipping the humvee -- James , Sanborn and eldridge spin upside down as the humvee be buffete by the blast - landing upside down . -- suddenly cambridge be helmete head crash into the windshield . -- billow smoke , dirt and debris smear the windshield blotting out the sun . -- Inside , a flurry of hand yank on the heavy armored humvee door . it do not budge . ext humvee a soldier run to the rescue . he reach for the humvee door , the metal sear he hand , and he pull back in pain . 90 the soldier use he rifle butt to jam the door open - but that do not work , because the butt do not catch the handle . from inside , the pounding and yell grow louder . the soldier drop the rifle and grab the searing metal with he hand , burn he flesh as he pries the handle . the humvee door finally give . Three man tumble out onto blacken sand . CUT to : int bombed out build later James be stand in the doorway into the building , divide he attention between the outside and the interior -- where Sanborn and eldridge be slump against a wall . Sanborn stare at a blank wall . eldridge be run he hand over a cigarette lighter -- see how much of the flame he can bear . he look as if he 's hope the physical pain will help put the psychic pain in perspective . James , stand in the light of the doorway , be smolder with rage and ungovernable purpose . he 's smoking . we stay here for a moment to watch as each man make he own deal with himself . through the open doorway a humvee come into view . James stomp out he cigarette . jame we ride be here . beat . Sanborn and eldridge remain in a trance . jame we be movin' . he walk out into the glare . Sanborn and eldridge rise to follow he . ext camp victory dusk funnel of wind erase a tank tread in the sand . 91 more sand drift and pile like snow up against a small mountain of sand bag . Sand disappear the windshield of a park abram as day move into night . ext camp victory mess tent morning dust. wind . James be stalking towards a older iraqi man who be sell dvd at pele 's usual table . jame hey - you have not see that kid around here by any chance - who sell movie ? the man shake he head . dvd man sorry . no English . jame no English ? do not lie to I . where 's that kid ? dvd man sorry , my man . Movie ? five dollar . James shake he head and walk away , head towards a clump of soldier stand in the shade of a tree . jame be you guy responsible for this area ? guard what 's up ? jame that motherfucker over there ( point to the man ) could be a insurgent , watch the camp and give intel to he buddy so they know where to launch they mortar . guard I think he 's just a guy sell dvd . 92 jame he 's a security risk . you should get rid of he . guard the merchant be clear . I could not do anything to he without the say - so from my CO . James realize that he have no hope of prevaile . agitate , he turn away , and we stay with he as he trudge down one of Victory 's dusty road . ext . camp victory mess tent dusk it 's the end of the day and the dvd seller pack up he ware to go . James , in sunglass , sweatshirt cover he army fatigue , follow he to he car . James draw near , and point he pistol at the guy 's crotch . jame do this change anything ? the dvd man look stunne . int dvd man' car camp victory gate dusk James lean across the dvd man and flash he id to one of two guard . jame oga . the guard look to he buddy who mouth " CIA " guard be you clear to leave the camp through this gate , Sir ? James nod . guard I be go to need to see you id again . jame do not fuck with I man , I be have a bad day already . 93 the guard stare at James . James stare at the guard . the guard shrug , wave James through . ext baghdad STREET night the truck go down a series of street . it come into a poor neighborhood and stop at a house . dvd man pele . jame wait here . James get out . ext baghdad STREET house the dwelling be set back behind a low wall . hard to see much of it in the dim light . James take a step forward , toward the wall . suddenly -- the dvd truck peel out . James look at its retreate tail light . a moment of indecision as he consider he situation : alone in Baghdad . then he vault the low wall , landing in ext baghdad courtyard a modest courtyard . Light come from one window in the house , the rest be dark . cricket . James walk around to the back of the house . there 's a door . he try the knob . it open . int iraqi house hallway in a dark hallway . murmuring of a television . James move towards the noise . 94 int iraqi house antechamber James come to a antechamber . behind it be a very low stone archway . he go through the archway , where - int iraqi house live room a man -- call he kalim -- older , fifty , dress in traditional garb , sit at a table drink tea , watch a egyptian game show on television . James walk in , gun draw . the man be spook . he spill he tea , look wildly for a exit . James put he finger to he lip . jame do you speak English ? kalim English , french , Arabic . jame ( quietly ) I want the people responsible for pele . kalim for whom ? jame pele . the body bomb . kalim pele ? I do not know . but please sit down . I be professor kalim , this be my home . you be a guest . sit. jame take I to the people responsible . kalim of course , whatever you seek , I will help you find . please , please sit , down . you be CIA , no ? I be very pleased to have CIA in my home . James raise he gun to aim at the man 's face . 95 jame maybe you do not understand ? the man be suddenly very afraid . kalim please , be careful . be slow . a gun can go off . as the back door open -- James spin to see -- a woman , older , matronly . she see James , he gun . and she start shouting at James in Arabic , then English , " get out , get out . " James swing he gun to she . suddenly -- -- behind the woman come pele . he run to he father 's side . -- James turn to the boy , to say something -- -- he mother be rush James now , swinging a candlestick -- he spin to the door , try to get out of there -- -- smashing he head on the stone archway on he way out . ext . iraqi house -- the street . James be shake . he look around , down the street . it 's murky . dangerous . even the shadow have shadow . he run ... and run ... and we stay on he eye . blood run from the wound on he head . SOUND of far off explosion . the sky turn orange briefly , then fade into blackness . ext camp victory gate night a blast of bright white light flood James . he 's stunne - and raise he id in he open palm over he head . a scrap of blood stain fabric be wrap around he head wound . 96 multiple rifle suddenly train on he upturn face . voice slap concrete : guard on you knee , on you knee !! a big offish guard walk up and slam a rifle butt into the side of James ' head . he fall to the ground . guard what be you do ? jame ( gasping ) ficke , ficke . the guard see the military id splay on the ground . guard yeah ? James nod . jame whorehouse two click from here . guard if I let you in , will you tell I where it be exactly ? CUT to : ext camp victory night James walk along a dark camp road . he walk up to the head shed porch , and go inside . his walkie , sit on a desk , come to life . sanborn ( over walkie ) I repeat , do you copy ? do you copy ? jame ( into walkie ) yeah , I be right here . what 's up ? sanborn ( over walkie ) oh nothing . ( more ) 97 sanborn ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastically ) just wonder if you might want to join we in the humvee for a little outing the Army want we to go on . jame ( into walkie ) copy that . what 's you be twenty . sanborn ( over walkie ) we be at the south gate , James . we have be wait for you for half a hour . where have you be ? over . int humvee minute later James jump in . Sanborn and eldridge shoot he impatient look . Sanborn hit the gas . sanborn a tanker blow up near the Green Zone about a hour ago . we be do a post - blast on it . to figure out how the suicide bomber pull it off . so where do you say you be again ? jame I do not . sergeant . let 's go . eldridge what happen to you head . jame watch the road , Owen . Sanborn look at he , shake he head . James stare out the window . CUT to : ext baghdad STREET late night a pair of humvee headlight , glow orange in smoke fill air , come rapidly toward we . they stop , the humvee groan on idle . James ' team get out . 98 they walk down the street , gun low , combat flashlight on . jame Sanborn , get the big spotlight . Sanborn double back to the truck , root around in the back , come run back with two giant flash - light . James hit the switch . Sanborn hit the switch . a pool of intensely bright light open in front of they , revealing a rubble strewn street . concrete . bit of glass . Metal . everything that go into a city -- pulverize . we hear crunching sound as the man walk down the street and they foot fall on the blast remnant . the crunching get louder as they walk towards a glowing red inferno at the end of the block . a soldier 's head , then he shoulder visible in the distance . sanborn friendly , come `in . soldier you guy the medics ? jame no , we be eod . they walk past , deeper into the gloom . two soldier run past they , carry a stretcher . sanborn hey . they stop to see what he 's look at . twisted metal . sanborn that 's a engine block . a big one , too . from a truck probably . jame oil tanker ? sanborn it 's what I be think . the man keep walk , and now the sound from the inferno be louder . another man rush towards they , he face shroud in blackness . 99 Sanborn point he rifle at the man 's head . Hit he with the hi- beam of he light . the man be wear a black wool ski mask . sanborn stop ! wagef ! wagef ! ski masked man no . I be work here . Sanborn look at he . do not reply . James put he gun up on the guy . now eldridge do too . this guy be about to be toast . when ... a face appear next to he . face he 's with I . gun cover the face ... then they see that above the face be a helmet ... and on the top of the helmet be a colonel' insignia . colonel reed okay fella ? jame sorry , Sir . I do not recognize you . gun be lower , fast . now that the Colonel be fully visible in the light we can see that he 's shake by the scene of destruction around he . colonel reed we have not find a body so it could be a suicide bomber or some clever bastard that cause all this -- and slip away to sip tea with he mommie -- we just do not know . as the Colonel struggle to define the horror he 's just see , James jump in to save he : jame we will take a close look , Sir . 100 colonel reed this kind of situation we may never know what happen . this be a mass casualty situation - terrible destruction . jame Roger that , Sir . we will do we best . a stretcher come by . colonel reed they be coward , you know . I wish they would stand up and fight we , man to man , instead of play hide and seek with I . jame Roger , Sir . we better get move . colonel reed right , go ahead sergeant . the Colonel nod and move off . his translator stand for a moment . take off he ski mask to reveal a intelligent face with deep set eye and a dirty smear of five o'clock shadow . ski masked man I be Ahmed . my name be Ahmed . thank you for not shoot I . the man move on ... advance toward the plume of smoke and ember rise into the sky ... smell of burn rubber and char metal ... ... until they see it -- -- the twisted steel carcass of two small vehicle and a tanker . the image be biblical - the wounded and dead pile together in one Hieronymus bosch maze of tangle limb , body part ... Palm tree burn at the top ... like Olympic torch . soldier secure the area . grieving family swarm around the dead and die -- James , Sanborn and eldridge approach . wind fan nearby flame into a fountain of ember that float up into the black desert night . 101 James move through char metal , stumbling over something sharp . -- then something hit he leg ... what ? flashlight , gun -- down ! -- it 's a chicken , char -- feather burn off but still walk around - disorient , die ... James stumble sideways to avoid the char hen ... sound distant and near of wail , medic racing onto the scene -- a woman wear bhurka appear out of the distant flame and haze -- look disorient , in apparent state of shock -- sanborn a body lie trap beneath a pile of rubble . Sanborn reach down to remove one of the chunks of stone . it slide away , but another fall in its place . eldridge shine he light on a concrete wall , stain with what look like thread of black lace . he draw closer . what be it ? Sanborn lean in . sanborn it 's hair . jame approach the woman in the bhurka -- jame hey ! hey -- you alright ? -- keef halek ? she turn to face he ... madness in she eye . James ' flashlight illuminate a massive crater , black ... and empty . eldridge swirl around . eldridge ( calling ) James ?! 102 jame hey , I be right here . James be shine he light into a orange tree . there 's a perfectly form orange , unharme , nestle among the burnt leave . jame this be where the blast stop . ( beat ) look over there . James be point to a building in the distance . it 's past a row of house and a field . Sanborn come into view . James nod to he and point again . jame perfect vantage point for a remote det -- and I bet he 's out there right now watch we make fool of ourselves . we could get he . eldridge you want to go out there ? James keep look into the distance . jame yeah , let 's go hunt . eldridge I could stand to get in some trouble . Sanborn stare at James and the bandage on he head . sanborn no . jame no ? sanborn man , this be bullshit . you get -- what ? -- three infantry platoon here . that 's they job . jame ( fiercely ) you do not say no to I , sergeant . I say no to you -- and I be not go to let this bomber slink off while the grunt get they act together . ( more ) 103 jame ( cont 'd ) ( on the move ) let 's go . now . James glower at Sanborn and eldridge and stomp off , down the alley toward a empty field . eldridge shoot Sanborn a sympathetic glance , and follow James . Sanborn watch they recede into the darkness . Sanborn run after they . field they move three abreast across a dark field , gun raise commando-style . poise to strike . they walk in silence , alert to every decibel . gravel underfoot . envelop night . they come to a high wall , behind which the ground raise to a gentle hill that look out onto the tanker . wall Sanborn give James a leg up over the wall . James help Sanborn over . they lean over to pull eldridge up but with the forty pound of gear he 's get on he 's too heavy . jame you get to work on you pull up . James and Sanborn drop over the other side , and we follow they as they crouch low and approach a building construction site . wall eldridge push he back against the wall and scan the area . it dawns on he that he 's alone . construction site Sanborn and James come to the edge of the site and find what may or may not be the remain of the trigger man 's camp . there 's a florescent lantern still glow and cigarette butt in a pile . 104 jame that little bastard . let 's torch this spot so he can not use it again . James pat he pocket down , look for something . jame do you have a incendiary ? sanborn no . Three quick shot ring out -- they sound very close . Sanborn and James instinctively fall to one knee . they scan the area -- nothing . as one man , they rise and start run back to the wall . jame eldridge !!! there 's no answer . wall sanborn he 's go . they both drop to the ground on the other side . they scan the ground with they flashlight . the body of a iraqi insurgent be lie close to where eldridge have be stand . he 's pulped from bullet wound , and gasp for breath . jame this guy come out of the dark - eldridge shoot . he scavenge the ground look for brass casing . nothing . sanborn Three shot , close range . he take a step forward to see what he 's hit . 105 jame another guy come from behind he -- get the drop on he . you be a hostage . they look up and down the wall . sanborn that way be towards the tanker , troops . dark STREET they run about fifty yard when Sanborn trip , stumble , James catch he as he fall , and they keep go . in the distance , they see eldridge 's back and the back of two other men , just as they be turn a corner . they sprint to the corner , and pause to catch they breath as James hand Sanborn he flashlight . jame hit `em with both light on three . sanborn fuck. okay . jame one. two . Sanborn shoulder he rifle and ready both spotlight . jame Three . they spin around the corner - flash of light revealing nothing but a empty street . they sprint to the next block , where eldridge be be walk quickly at gun point . the man 's rifle be at he head . jame again . one two three . do it . do it . Sanborn shine the light on the back of both man . James fire . Three shot at the guy on the leave of eldridge . Three shot at the guy on the right . 106 Sanborn kill the flashlight . James go run towards the group , Sanborn run next to he . both have they gun up but light off . they get to the group and all three man be on the ground . both Iraqis be dead -- shot clean in the back . eldridge be bleed profusely from he leg , but he 's alive . James and Sanborn pick eldridge up and drudge back with he . eldridge be I dead ? jame no . you be fine . eldridge be I dead ? be I dead ? be I dead ? off James ' face -- int camp victory shower stall later that night James walk in . the room be empty . florescent light hum . James be still wear he fatigue . his whole midsection be red with eldridge 's blood . James head to the shower and step inside , fully clothed . he turn on the water . aim the shower head to he stomach . sink down so it can hit the bloody stain . as the uniform grow wet , then get soak , the pinkish water swirl down the drain -- ext camp victory first sergeant's trailer James and Sanborn emerge into the wind . sanborn so how you do with this ? jame Fine . I be fine . sanborn Fine ? you know I lie to we sergeant . ( more ) 107 sanborn ( cont 'd ) so eldridge would not have to go around say he be shot by he own team leader . jame yeah . thanks . I be just tired . sanborn you want some sleep pill ? jame Nah , I be good . ext camp victory head shed morning James walk purposely out of the head shed toward a wait humvee . he pass pele who look up and shout : pele hey , boomala , boomala ! James keep walk . eye straight ahead . pele hey -- running up to James , hold dvd 's , walk next to he . pele ( smiling ) look at this , best quality . no special effect ! James just keep walk . he get in the car , Sanborn in the driver 's seat . pele watch he go . hurt . ext camp victory tarmac morning eldridge be on a stretcher , be load into a military transport helicopter . Sanborn and James be there to say good - bye . as eldridge be be load in , James touch he shoulder . jame you will probably be walk in a few month . 108 eldridge my tibia be shattered in nine place I do not think I be go to be walk soon . the doc say six month if I be lucky . jame wow . six be not bad . eldridge not bad ? it fuck suck man . eldridge be jostle as he get put down . and he cry out in pain . eldridge ( angrily ) you see that motherfucker . that 's what happen when you shoot somebody . jame I be sorry . eldridge you be sorry ? fuck you , will . ( meaning it ) really fuck you . thanks for save my life and all but we do not have to go hunt for the trigger man . you invent it , to get you adrenaline fix . you war monger fuck . James be stunne . sanborn ( grab eldridge 's hand ) take care of yourself , Owen . a transport soldier look at Sanborn and give a hand signal to wrap it up . time to go . the door be close on eldridge . James and Sanborn watch as the helicopter take off . the rotor wash chop the air . jame wind and sand buffet he face . he turn to say something to Sanborn . 109 but he 's already walk away . CUT to : ext baghdad STREET late afternoon a new sand storm have begin . and so it 's in a cloud of dusty orange air that we find James , encase in he bomb suit , take the first step of he trek towards ... downrange a washing machine . sitting in the middle of the street . title over : day left in bravo company rotation : 5 uprange Sanborn cast a nervous look around the poverty - stricken neighborhood . it have take on a forbode vibe in the unrelent storm . downrange James approach the wash machine . jame ( headset , impish grin ) I hear tick . he use a long pole to open the door of the wash machine . it 's empty inside . get closer , he see the wash machine timer be at 30 minute . James rest he head on the timer , listen . he turn he attention to the back of the wash machine , unscrew the rear plate . Inside , just a tangle of wire . he trace the wire with he hand . shrug . then he turn back to the front of the machine . he twist the timer with he hand , slowly , all the way back to zero . 110 it ding -- harmlessly . jame ( headset ) hey , Sanborn . sanborn ( over walkie ) copy . what 's up ? jame ( over walkie ) send you skivvy down here on the bot , I will run a quick bleach cycle . somebody throw out a perfectly good wash machine . uprange sanborn ( relieved ) copy that . -- when , suddenly , the SOUND of soldier shout in the distance catch Sanborn 's ear . sanborn ( into walkie ) hustle back , something 's go on . moment later James come back sweat profusely from he run . Sanborn help take he helmet off . as two soldier come run over . more shout in the distance , louder now . " hand on you head . " " do not move asshole . " " stop. stop . " in addition , the sound of shout in arabic . a loud jumble . over that , soldier yelling : " get back . " " form a perimeter . " a nervous soldier trot up to James and Sanborn . jame what 's go on ? nervous soldier we have get a situation with a suicide bomber . 111 jame we will follow you . they follow the soldier down the road . the soldier be sweat , terrify . ext baghdad road the road have be cordon off by soldier on all side . in the middle of the road a iraqi man in a new black suit be stand with he hand above he head . he 's distraught . Hair muss . a sergeant seem to have take command of the situation , and now he alone be shouting to the man . " stay still . do not move . if you keep walk we will shoot you . " a translator in a black ski mask be help he get the message across . the translator edge forward to talk to the black suit man . sergeant keep that translator back . one of the soldier grab the translator . translator ( to the soldier ) but the bomb be force on he . against he will . he be not a bad man ! James and Sanborn and the nervous soldier come onto the scene . the sergeant turn to James and explain . sergeant he come walk up to we checkpoint , say he have a bomb strapped to he . he be sorry . he do not want it to blow up . he begge we to take it off he . translator ( to jame ) help this man . he 's not a bad man . 112 sanborn not a bad man ? you have get to be kid I . ( to jame ) this be a trap . he want to draw people close to he . jame ( to translator ) tell he to open he jacket . I need to see the bomb . the translator shout in Arabic and the man unbutton he jacket , revealing several stick of dynamite strapped to he chest . jame ( to the soldier ) with that much bang , I would need a hundred meter perimeter . ( to translator ) tell he to get on he knee . the translator shout . black suit comply . sergeant can we just shoot he ? as James consider that option when -- translator no . he 's not a bad man . he have a family . the bomb be force on he . he be ask for help . only help . jame ( to translator ) I want you one hundred meter away , like everybody else . translator but how will I hear ? jame you do not need to . I be go down there . meanwhile , the black suit man be shout something in Arabic . jame ( to translator ) what the fuck be he shouting now ? 113 translator he 's ask you to hurry . he think the bomb have a timer on it . James turn to Sanborn jame where 's that helmet ? Sanborn pull James aside . sanborn we have have we difference . eldridge ? that 's water under the bridge . it happen . but this -- this be suicide . James smile at Sanborn . he just do not get it . jame that 's why it 's call a suicide bomb . sanborn it 's suicide for you , will . jame Nah . that guy want to catch a american ? I will give he a american . Sanborn reluctantly hand he he helmet , and seal he in . James grab a nearby soldier 's walkie then start the walk downrange . Soldiers move back to they perimeter . pedestrian gather for a look . Soldiers scatter they quickly . black suit smile thinly as James near . James nod at he . the man nod , frighten . black suit inshalla . inshalla . jame uh-huh . 114 James kneel down to get a closer look at the bomb strapped to the man 's belly . he take out he 9 mm and put it on the guy 's forehead . cock the trigger . jame if I shoot you now , I can disarm this bomb much more easily . do you understand ? black suit stare at he blankly . jame ( headset ) Sanborn , give you walkie to the translator . translator ( over walkie ) yes ? jame ( headset ) what the hell be this guy say ? black suit jabber on in Arabic . uprange the translator key he walkie . translator ( into walkie ) he say , I do not wish to die . I have a family . please take this off I . jame hold he walkie up for the man to hear the translator . jame ( headset ) hand have to stay behind he head or I will be very happy to shoot he . translator convey this to black suit in Arabic . 115 black suit start yell in Arabic . forehead wet with sweat . translator ( over walkie ) he say , please hurry he have a family . jame ( to translator ) that 's not what I ask you . now I be go to shoot if he do not understand that he can not move he hand . James hold the walkie up to the man 's ear . translator have another exchange . black suit yes . yes . yes ! now James sink to he knee and examine the bomb , all the while keep he pistol on the man 's head . there be a forest of wire . he push they aside , revealing a cheap casio digital watch , which be count down from five minute . jame ( headset ) Sanborn , I need to get this rig off . there 's too many wire here to figure it out . sanborn ( over headset ) copy that , what do you need ? James feel around the bomb . it 's strapped to the black suit man with heavy gauge metal . the man be shiver with fear . jame ( headset ) bolt cutter . sanborn ( over walkie ) copy that . I will get `em . 116 jame ( headset ) you have get two minute to get they and get down here . uprange Sanborn be already run towards the truck when he hear James . sanborn ( into walkie ) fuck . copy that . downrange James press he pistol harder into the man 's forehead . jame ( to man ) do not move . uprange Sanborn run to the truck . he root around look for the bolt cutter . at last he find it , and come charge out with it . downrange the casio watch be at 4:30 . sanborn running hard with the bolt cutter . -- past a crew of soldier . -- down the road , sprinting now . rifle flap . downrange Sanborn skid to a halt , hand James the cutter . James hand he gun to Sanborn , who hold it on the man' forehead . 117 James set to work , apply the cutter to the thick metal hold the bomb to he chest . the man be cry now . Sanborn see the casio . it read 4:00 sanborn Holy shit . you be not kid . jame nope . James work the cutter blade . cu : bolt cutter . it scrap futilely against the metal . jame ( sotto ) what be this make out of ? black suit please . please . sanborn case harden steel . James double he effort . cu : bolt cutter . the blade bite the steel , but it do not give . James squeeze with all he might . jame motherfucker . what 's we time ? Sanborn look at the casio . sanborn Three minute . jame shit. ok . let I think . he put the bolt cutter down on the ground . jame we would need a arc welder to get this off properly . 118 sanborn I do not think we have one of that in the truck . cu : casio watch 2:30 . jame let 's try the back of it . Sanborn nod . keeps the gun on the man 's head . his hand be start to shake . James go behind the man , and rip open the back of he shirt , revealing the back of the bomb . here too it be a weld band , but the metal look thin . weaker . James work it with the cutter . cu : casio watch 1:30 . sanborn we have to bail . jame go. I get the suit . Sanborn look at the guy . sanborn what do you want I to do with the pistol ? jame take it with you , that 's a good pistol . sanborn when do you leave ? jame in forty five second . Sanborn turn , and begin run uprange . sanborn ( shouting to soldier ) get back ! get back ! the soldier turn and run . James try and try to clip the metal . it 's a no go . he come around to face the man . 119 jame I be sorry . black suit please , please . jame the metal be too thick . black suit help I . help I ! James drop the bolt cutter , kneel down in front of the man , and shake he head . that 's it . the man understand James ' gesture . he reach forward , grab James ' suit . black suit no ! no ! James club he hand away . jame sorry . cu : casio watch : 45 second . James get up and start run -- lumber , really , in the suit -- as fast as he can towards a retreate Sanborn . Sanborn hear James ' boot thumping towards he and crane he neck to see -- James run , arm akimbo -- the Black suit man stand up boom !! -- he explode and the blast spit out fire and dust . -- James be nail with shrapnel and debris , knock over . -- Sanborn be blow to the ground . jame Pov -- through the helmet a hailstorm of particulate matter fly at 22,000 foot per second straight at we -- 120 -- chunks of molten metal hit he stomach , stop by the suit -- bit of shrapnel and body part thump into he -- dust and blood splatter the outside of he helmet jame -- cu he face : White . no movement . total silence . -- blood seep from he nose -- then , as if overcome great resistance , he heart turn over -- daaaa -- duuuunk -- sharp , loud inhale of breath . like birth . the heart kick in again . da-dunk . da-dunk . James struggle to stand . he look uprange . Sanborn be staggering towards the soldier . CUT to : ext humvee dusk the humvee snake along the desert floor . traffic thicken . shadows against a dimming sky . int humvee Sanborn be in the passenger seat , shiver , and cover in grime and dust . James , in the driver 's seat . James look over at Sanborn . jame you alright ? sanborn no . I hate this place Sanborn stare out the window at the unforgive landscape . 121 James pass Sanborn some gatorade . jame have a hit . Sanborn drink , grateful , and put the gatorade down . then he look at James . sanborn I be not ready to die , man . jame bro , you be not go to die out here . Sanborn shake he head . unconsciously , he finger touch he neck , find the expose area above the collar of he body armor . sanborn another inch or two difference . shrapnel go zing ( still touch he neck ) . sever my throat . I bleed out in the sand . ( beat ) fuck . if I die now , nobody will even really care . my folk , sure . but that do not count . who else ? ( beat ) I do not even have a son . jame you get time . sanborn no ... I be do . I want a son , will . I want a son . they drive on in silence . then Sanborn look at James , as if see he for the first time . sanborn why do you do it ? take the risk ? jame Hell , I do not know . sanborn but you know what I be talk about , right ? every time we go out , you throw the dice . live or die , you just throw `em down . you recognize that , right ? 122 beat . jame yeah . ( softly ) I do . but I do not know why . do you know why I be the way I be ? sanborn no , will , I do not . silence . then after a while : jame this traffic be pissing I off . sanborn where be we , anyway ? jame I know where I be but I be lose . they drive on . Dust off the desert floor blow into the windshield -- time CUT to : int knoxville , tennessee supermarket day a big one . vast , hyper-hygenic , the aisle stretch on , load with glisten produce . muzac . a cathedral to consumerism . we find James walk through the supermarket , look like a new man . his hair have grow , soften he feature . he 's scrubbed clean , dust free , and dress in bermuda short and a clash polo shirt . the all american dad . a suburban softie . push a shopping cart . welcome home , son , for you be no longer in Baghdad . you be in the " big px " -- America . a beautiful young woman approach he from the other end of the aisle . she too , be push a shopping cart , and in it be a small boy . she smile at James , and say : young woman honey , you grab the barbecue sauce and I will meet you in aisle four . and connie jame smile again , and pat she husband on the shoulder . 123 now James know he 's really home . jame pushes the cart over to the sauce section . down the squeaky - clean aisle . his progress be impede by a obese woman who be mull over cat litter . her overflow cart block the aisle . James stop . hand tight on the shopping cart . he look at she hard . she ignore he . where 's the 9 mm when you need it ? James clear he throat . she see he . move she cart . he continue on , walk through the cavernous space . at last , he 's at the sauce section . he be rattle by the abundance after the bleakness of Iraq , and the array of choice be dizzying . -- he reach for a bottle , then pull back , unsure . -- give up , he pick a bottle at random and toss it into the cart . int knoxville jame house kitchen morning some day later James be wash the vegetable they have just buy at the grocery store . mushroom bob in a pool of water at the bottom of the sink . James try to clean they individually , but can not . they crumble in he hand . connie let 's put the chicken on first and the vegetable on last , so they do not burn ? James struggle with the mushroom . make no reply . connie cont 'd will ? jame yeah , okay . ( beat ) you know , they be really short on bomb tech over there . connie know where this be go , but she fight the inevitable . 124 connie well , good thing the army be hire , and they have get so many great guy over there . jame uh-huh . James wipe he hand on the dish towel and walk out . look at he retreate back , she accidentally knock a glass off the counter , and it shatter . ext jame house later that day a few neighbor have gather for a barbecue in James ' backyard . it 's a simple , low - key affair . James be tend meat on a grill . int jame house continuous the doorbell ring . connie rush to open it . it 's Sanborn . she hug he . connie thanks for come . maybe he will listen to you . sanborn I know how to talk to he . ext jame house a little later behind the barbecue , Sanborn find a moment to confront James privately . sanborn what the fuck be the matter with you ? you get a family , kid , nice look burger . James study the grill meat . jame I know , it 's crazy . so how 's life at home treat you ? Sanborn hold up he hand . he 's wear a wedding ring . 125 sanborn I make the plunge . ( big smile ) but I think we be talk about you . jame we just do , buddy . int jame ' son' bedroom later that night the boy be in a cradle , face up and wide awake . James come in to tuck he in . James pull a book of fairy tale off the shelf , flip through it . can not read that fluff . he pull up a chair . begins to play with a Jack -in-the-box . he wind it up . he open it for he son . the Jack pop out . his son squeal with delight , then he eye go wide with fear . he 's not sure what to make of the bob clown . jame ( try to settle he down ) well , let 's see . I bet you do not know the story of this magic box . James look at the box . he stuff the Jack back in and close it . the boy look up at he with a son 's pure admiration . rapt . jame once upon a time , in a distant kingdom , there be many magic box he stop to think . jame every person have a magic box . but you could not tell they be magic box on the outside . like this one . he bring the box close to the child 's eye . the boy be dazzle by the color . he reach out to touch it . 126 jame it just look like a plain old box . then a new king come along and tell all the people , you have to give I all you magic box . but the people , instead of give away they box decide to hide they . and they put they box in secret place all over the kingdom . they put they in the road . they put they in car . they put they in building . and the King say , ( do a King 's gravelly baritone ) " well , how be I go to get my magic box now ? " and one of the King 's man say , " we have a special knight with special armor , and he can find the box . and only he . he try to collect he thought . jame and this knight gather up all the box , far and wide . and sometimes - - when he be not sure if it be a magic box -- he open they . James slowly open the box , hold the clown in with he hand so it do not pop . releasing it slowly . the boy giggle and reach up . jame and the King say to the knight , you have do a wonderful job . I will grant you one wish . what do you wish ? James think , struggle to find a end . jame but the knight do not know what to say . James realize he can not finish the story . jame you see , the thing be , son . one day you will understand that when you start out like you be now , you love everything . you love you mommy and you daddy . you love you bobba . you love you blanket . ( more ) 127 jame ( cont 'd ) you even love you little crib , and this dumb toy . but as you get older some of the thing you love do not seem special anymore . that bobba be one day just go to look like a ordinary plastic bottle to you . and the older you get , the more this happen and the fewer thing you love . and by the time you get to be my age , sometimes you only love one -- or two -- thing . James pause . jame with I , I think 's it 's one . ext knoxville bus stop dawn James wait for the bus . wearing he camo . he 's alone . his hair be shave again . the far off city bus grind its gear . James turn toward the sound when a chevy pickup pull ahead of the bus , and zoom to a stop in front of he . int pickup Sanborn open the passenger window . ext bus stop jame you lose again , sergeant ? sanborn get in , before I change my mind . they drive away . int pickup sanborn ( smiling ) could not risk let you on a public bus . probably shoot the damn driver if it be not move fast enough . 128 int airplane a stewardess pass out glass of water and package of peanut approach James ' aisle . stewardess here you be , Sir ( notice James ' uniform ) thank you for you service . jame you welcome , m'am . the stewardess smile lovingly , and wait for a open to continue the conversation . when none come , she move on . James turn to the window . in he hand he hold a photo of he son . tear well up . the plane 's engine whine swell and merge with -- CUT to : ext baghdad day -- sonic overload : angry driver shout in Arabic - car horn blare - loudspeaker call to prayer - humvee rumble - income chopper wash - rat - tat - tat of distant gunfire -- as James ' foot hit the tarmac . a soldier be wait for he , with a smile on he face . soldier welcome to delta-company . a Middle - Eastern sun bathes James ' upturn face lengthen into a smile . his pace slow ... the tarmac transition to dirt as little puff of dust lift off he continuous passage . he be now in the bomb suit and we be -- ext . baghdad outskirt day -- in the desert . 129 the small cluster of soldier at the side of the road part to make way for James . hand pat he back as he begin the long walk down the street -- toward the bomb . all SOUND telescope down to just James ' breathing ... -- the view through James ' eye : the outside world of soldier and Baghdad seem to pulsate with excitement -- -- James ' face . as the sound of he breathe grow louder -- the noon day sun beat brilliantly onto a car 's windshield , the glass shimmer . title over : day left in delta company rotation : 365 -- James move into the path of that reflect sunlight . -- and vanish into the glare . end