hustler written by lorene scafaria base on the article " the hustler at score " by jessica pressler April 19 , 2019 inspire by a true story . in the black --— janet jackson ( v.o. ) this be a story about control . Janet Jackson 's '' Control '' begin over ... int . move gentleman' club - locker room - night Janet continue over the speaker and in the next room . one shot : close on destiny ( 20 ) sit in front of the mirror , put on she make -up . janet jackson ( v.o. ) my control . Control of what I say . Control of what I do . and this time , I be gonna do it my way . the locker room be pack with dancers ( 18 - 49 ) get ready for the shift , talk , laugh , socialize , touch , smack each other 's butt to the music . janet jackson ( v.o. ) I hope you enjoy this as much as I do . be we ready ? I be . Cause it 's all about control . and I have get lot of it . destiny put on she mascara , as a man 's voice boom in - and - out over the music ... dj ( 0.s. ) we get a bit of entertainment for you folk tonight ... destiny look past she reflection , at the other girl have fun together . she 's not part of any group . dj ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be gonna introduce you to the dream team ... justice ( 20 ) lean down to destiny . justice hey you get a safety pin ? destiny justice ( cont 'd ) no , sorry -- where 's Mom ? Mom ?? mom ( 60 , house mom ) appear out of nowhere with a wide variety of safety pin . mom right here hon . what size you need ? Mom follow she off . destiny reach for a glass of vodka and downs it . then stand , sling she bejewel purse over she shoulder . her clear heel turn . dj ( 0.s. ) we get a parade of beauty come at you folk , right now ... super : 2007 we follow the back of she head as she join the rest , like football player leave the tunnel , make they way down the hallway . for a moment , they plunge into darkness . then -- int . move - the floor - continuous destiny step into the light . the music be overwhelming . it take a moment for we eye to adjust . the room be enormous , two floor , no window , pink and red neon light , smoke machine , strobe , mirror . the girl be transformed . dj ( 0.s. ) here at move , we be gonna give you the opportunity to have fun with any one of this lovely lady ... destiny walk across the floor , look at the shape of mostly man cluster , scattered throughout the room . we pivot off of she and get a look at the dj ( 30 ) take a sip of he soda before he 's back on the mic . dj ( cont 'd ) coupla 's atm in the building ... accept all major credit card ... just see we bartender , we will get you all sign up there ... we pivot back to destiny as she step on-stage . dj ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) C ’mon boy where 's that energy ? make some noise for the new girl ! destiny do a quick spin to some cheer . dj ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) New York , we get a lotta beautiful girl . destiny step off-stage , the girl disperse . dj ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) folk we be gonna get it cranke up here , justice be gonna join we on the main stage , round number one , kick off we three song special , here she be ... justice be serve ! justice take the MAIN -stage . the crowd cheer . song one . justice begin she routine . destiny start make the round . wall STREET guy hey , Lucy Liu ! c’mere , Lucy Liu ! a group of young wall STREET guy call she over . she walk up to they . they push the shyest one on she . wall STREET guy ( cont 'd ) dan-ny ! do not be a pussy , Danny ! destiny lead the shyest guy by the hand to the private area . a young manager ( 30 ) take he id , swipe he credit card -- close on approved ! destiny lead the shy guy to a booth , sit he down ... int . move - private area - later destiny dance for a beard guy . int . move - private area - later a old man bounce destiny on he lap while he talk . int . move - MAIN stage - later destiny pole - dance in the spotlight . int . move - champagne room —- moment later destiny dance for three stockbroker in suit ( 30 ) . the guy pass coke back and forth to each other . the alpha do a bump , then look at destiny in disgust . alpha who hurt you ? the other guy laugh at she expense . sniff they coke . alpha ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , what have daddy do to you ? you can tell I . laugh . sniff. alpha ( cont 'd ) yeah , you like that , slut ? int . move - the floor - later destiny do the round . destiny anybody wanna dance ? a few guy look at she and look away . destiny walk by the stage . up to a bald guy sit alone . destiny ( cont 'd ) hey , you wanna - — from on -stage , diamond ( 20 ) grab destiny by she hair . destiny ( cont 'd ) ow ! diamond back off , bitch ! destiny stumble , look back at diamond wave she off . int . move - manager 's office - later end of the night . the young manager sit behind a desk with a calculator and various stack of money . young manager .+. minus forty percent ...is ... two eighty -seven ... he count out two hundred eighty - seven dollar . young manager ( cont 'd ) ..+. minus one-sixty ... destiny I think it be one-thirty ... young manager you get here after 5 , do not you ? he remove one hundred - sixty dollar and add it to the giant stack for the house . hand she the remain $ 127 . she take it , disappointed . he reach out he hand . she look at he . then take twenty dollar out of she stack and put it back in he hand . he pocket it . leans back in he chair . she start away . young manager ( cont 'd ) hey , you wanna work Saturday ? he unbutton he pants . she turn away , start out ... young manager ( cont 'd ) what ? I think we could bond . she walk straight into a skinny manager . skinny manager be he bother you ? she look up at he . he put a hand on she shoulder . skinny manager ( cont 'd ) listen if he bother you , you get my number , right ? you call I ... you need anything , someone to talk to , coke , anything , you want to keep work VIP ... and do not go tell Mom every little thing , okay ? she worry cause it 's she job to but she do not need to know everything . he give she shoulder a squeeze . destiny look up at he . close on destiny 's hand as she put a twenty in the skinny manager 's palm . he pocket it . int . move - locker room - later the girl change back in they plain clothes . destiny count out she tip , deflate . int . move - stairway - moment later destiny hurry down the stair and out the side door . ext . move - continuous destiny walk up the street , away from the club . int . cab - early morning the sun be come up . destiny look out the window , exhaust , the sound of Howard stern on the radio . howard stern ( on radio ) if angelina jolie be a 5 , what 's Jennifer aniston ? donald trump ( on radio ) I have say she 's a 6 or a 7 ... robin ( on radio ) howard stern ( on radio ) really ? wow ! who 's a 9 ? donald trump ( on radio ) Howard . my standard be very high . howard stern ( on radio ) angelina jolie have a great body , big boob , big natural lip ... donald trump ( on radio ) she 's get bad skin ... howard stern ( on radio ) do she ... donald trump ( on radio ) she 's get scar all over ... ext . destiny 's grandmother' house - later destiny shuffles up the front step of the small house . int . destiny 's grandmother 's house - later she walk in the front door , the decor have not change in thirty year . destiny climb the step , sore . int . destiny 's childhood bedroom - later the alarm sound . 3:00 pm . destiny wake in she twin bed , shut off the alarm , half - asleep . int . tiny bathroom - later destiny blow - dry she hair , a drink on the sink . int . SMALL live room - later destiny come down the stair with she gym bag to see she grandma ( 70 ) sit in she chair watch the news on a old tv . destiny go to she . destiny I gotta run . destiny 's grandmother do you eat something ? destiny I will eat at the diner . destiny bend down to kiss she goodbye , notice something . destiny ( cont 'd ) where 's you necklace ? her grandmother touch she bare neck . destiny 's grandmother ... it 's fine , dorothy . destiny look at she grandmother , feel guilty . she reach into she bag and pull out she cash . destiny here . destiny 's grandmother no , you keep it . destiny put the money in she hand . destiny 's grandmother ( cont 'd ) you take such good care of I . we push in on destiny 's determine face and CUT to ... int . move - the floor - night the music be pump . the floor be pack . destiny look around the room , through the strobe at the other girl . she see two brunettes '' compete '' for a man 's attention . she turn to see two blond in baby doll dress . they be all pair off . destiny be alone . dj ( 0.s . ) and now , let 's welcome to the main - — stage ... the one , the only ... ramona . destiny turn to see ramona ( 10 year older than destiny ) take the main -stage like a boxer enter the ring . ramona dance , commanding the room . the crowd be wild , throw money until the stage be cover . destiny be mesmerize . ramona finish she routine with one final flourish , smack a armful of money to she chest , and step off-stage . destiny watch in awe as ramona cross the room , all different guy reach out . ramona look they in the eye , whisper in they ear , glide away with cash in hand . destiny can not look away , as ramona walk by , turn to she : ramona do not money make you horny ? destiny go to respond , but ramona be already go . off destiny 's face , we ... CUT to : ext . move - rooftop - later ramona , sit against a skylight in she fur coat , smoking . the club noise be drown out by the sound of the city . destiny hurry outside , cigarette in she mouth . the heavy door slam behind she . she turn to ramona . destiny can I get a light ? ramona turn to she , hold a lighter up to she cigarette . ramona where 's you coat ? destiny I leave it inside . ramona -+. well climb in my fur , baby . destiny look at she . ramona open she fur coat . destiny take a seat on the step below ramona . 9 . ramona wrap she coat around destiny , warming she . destiny look like a baby kangaroo . they smoke together . destiny be justice a model ? ramona she no like to think so . a few of the girl have be in playboy , hustler ... I be a centerfold once . destiny no way ... ramona 193 . destiny ++. no way . ramona that be back when stevie wonder come in . destiny ( laugh ) stevie wonder ? noooo ... what for ? ramona casey have he in the champagne room . swear he be not blind . destiny laugh into a sigh . then ... destiny hey how come you be so good with everybody ? I mean , I have see you with the guy , all different guy , and ... I do not know , you seem to have ‘em all figure out . ramona take a drag . ramona I be just a people person , I guess . ( exhales ) it 's easier if you think of they as you rich friend . especially if you gotta see the same one all the time . some of ‘em be not so bad . ramona start play with destiny 's hair . 10 . ramona ( cont 'd ) where else you dance ? destiny I be at Sin City . for too long . and then I hear some boiler room guy say all the money be in the city so ... ramona you follow the green brick road . destiny ( slight laugh ) yeah . ramona so far , so good ? destiny gesture '' so - so '' . ramona ( cont 'd ) get out . you must be clean up . you be new . you be asian . you be gorgeous . you be a triple - threat . destiny laugh . ramona keep play with she hair . destiny .«-. well ... maybe you could show I some ... new move ... sometime ... ramona look at destiny . it take a moment . then ... ramona maybe we could work together . I could give you a crash course in this place . introduce you to some of my regular . mostly Wall Street guy look to spend money on pretty girl . would you like that ? as a smile spread across destiny 's face , we hear ... young woman' voice ( v.o. ) so it be ramona 's idea that you work together ... CUT to : 11. int . fancy house - day some year later . destiny ( designer clothes ) sit on a white couch in a immaculate , all - white live room . across from she be a young woman ( same age , conservatively - dress ) . destiny that 's right . I mean , at this point everything be above board . I think she be ... nice . destiny shift in she seat , she jewelry make a lot of noise . young woman so when would you say thing get out of control ? destiny Control ? destiny look far off , think . then , shake she head . destiny ( cont 'd ) ramona be always in control . back to : int . move - the floor - day [ 2007 ] chopin 's etude op. 25 , no. 1 in a flat Major . the club be close . ramona and destiny be on the main stage . ramona «+. of course you know the basic . destiny watch ramona do various move and pose , narrate . ramona ( cont 'd ) you get the carousel ... the fireman ... front-hook ... ankle - hook ... stag ... reverse stag ... peter pan ... superman ... you could try the scissor sit ... fairy sit ... genie ... martini ... hood ornament ... table top ... and , of course , the invert crucifix . destiny watch ramona slide down the pole with just she leg , face - first . ramona roll back up , ass first . destiny Jesus Christ . 12 . later -- destiny try to climb up the pole . she can not help but laugh , as she arm and leg struggle . ramona push up she butt . destiny laugh , slide back down . later -- destiny pull herself up the pole . ramona there it be . destiny be at the top , lean back . ramona cheer she on . ramona ( cont 'd ) keep you leg straight . destiny spiral around the pole . ramona ( cont 'd ) yes , look at that ! that 's gorgeous ! int . move - the floor - later ramona introduce destiny to diamond . ramona you know diamond from the bronx ? diamond extend she fingernails to destiny . diamond boogie down heyyyyyy - int . move - the floor - moment later ramona and diamond show destiny how to give a lap -dance . destiny straddle diamond . ramona that 's good . arch you back a little . diamond throw you hair around . guy like it when you throw you hair around . destiny throw she hair around . diamond ( cont 'd ) yeah that 's it . 13 . ramona you do not have to be the best dancer . you just need to make they eye move a inch . diamond but you gotta slow that shit down . diamond sit on ramona and show destiny how it 's do . diamond ( cont 'd ) let I tell you something ... some motherfucker 's say shit to you , be a racist piece a shit , you take you fuck time with he . you time be he money . you slow . that shit . down . you a motherfuckin’ sloth . drain the clock , not the cock . the girl crack up laugh . ramona yeah ! be we gonna make some money tonight ? int . move - locker room - later the girl be get ready . ramona walk in with destiny . ramona I say be we gonna make some fuck money tonight ?! the girl all cheer , greeting ramona , talk over each other . ramona introduce destiny to some of the other girl . ramona ( cont 'd ) Tracy ? have you meet destiny ? tracy ( 30 ) look up and smile . destiny tracy hey . you be from queen ? destiny ( cont 'd ) kew garden . tracy briarwood . destiny no way ... 14 . STAR ( 30 ) walk up naked , sing opera . ramona and this be Star ... Star shake she hand , still sing . ramona ( cont 'd ) and you gotta meet Liz . destiny turn to liz ( 20 ) play a flute . ramona ( cont 'd ) «+. Liz ? mercede ( 20 ) take a seat next to they . mercede she 's play a song for Jackie 's new titty . ramona Jackie 's get new titty ? lemme see . jackie ( 30 ) stand up and turn around . ramona ( cont 'd ) oh , this be good . who do this ? jackie Dr. Bobby ... ramona God bless Dr. Bobby . and this be my baby mercede . mercede shake destiny 's hand . mercede Nice to meet you . ramona sit next to diamond , destiny sit next to she , in the middle of the group . justice come in off the floor . justice Tracy . you boyfriend 's here . tracy tsk. again ? justice he look like he 's be cry . 15 . mercede what 's wrong with rodrigo ? tracy I do not know , he 's be really jealous lately . ramona you can not let he drop you off . tracy I know ... at first he like it ... diamond of course he do . guy think they wanna date a stripper until they realize we work 6 night a week , and on we one night off , the last thing we wanna do be look at they fuck dick . destiny laugh . the other girl chime in , in agreement . liz I want to sit on my couch in my feety pajamas , no make -up ... jackie I tell my boyfriend , do not even look at I . STAR I have not have sex in two year . justice my boyfriend never see I naked . I change under the cover . diamond you wanna meet my boyfriend ? diamond pull a vibrator out of she purse . the other laugh . diamond ( cont 'd ) he do not get jealous . he 's not aggressive , unless I want he to be . and he never let I down . ramona ++. too bad he 's not rich . diamond well ... you can not have everything . 16 . Mom come in with a homemade cake , get $ in frosting . mom who want cake ?? the girl all react to the cake in different way . ramona ma , what be you do to we ? mom just a little motivation for my baby . someone hand destiny a piece of cake . destiny look at ramona . ramona I be gonna take a tiny sliver , ma , cause I know you make it with love . int . move - by the bar - later destiny get a drink . ramona come up to she . ramona be you a investor in this place ? ( put she drink down ) then quit put money back into it . let the guy get fuck up . we follow ramona and destiny toward the floor . ramona ( cont 'd ) start ‘em off with a single , then a double , then a triple , then back to a double , and back to a single . you want ‘em drunk enough to get they credit card then sober enough to sign the check . they pass the dj . ramona hand he a twenty . ramona ( cont 'd ) c'mon , lenny . give we a beat . the dj hurriedly pick a song . it begin as ... int . move - the floor - continuous slow -motion : ramona and destiny hit the floor , ramona walk slightly ahead of destiny . they be in control . 17 . destiny ( v.o. ) accord to ramona , there be three tier of Wall Street guy ... int . financial district office - day a '' bottom - tier '' broker ( 30 ) bounce he leg while cold - call . ramona 's voice take over ... ramona ( v.o. ) the guy at the bottom do not do anything dirty to make money , so most of ‘em do not have any . but if they do , you can milk ‘em for every penny . int . move - private area - night destiny and ramona dance for the bottom - tier guy . ramona shout over the music but for some reason , he can not hear she . ramona maybe they be in a loveless marriage or single and feel deject . either way , you can string ‘em along without get physical . Chuck here pay for my place on the Upper East side , I have never even sniff he dick . int . financial district - bullpen - day the bullpen be pack with broker on they phone , shouting , cursing , high -five . we focus on one middle - tier guy . ramona ( v.o. ) the guy in the middle will get they hand a little dirty , but they have they limit ... int . move - floor - night ramona and destiny watch this Middle - tier guy with he boy . middle tier -guy do not taze I , bro ! ramona they dabble in greed , but they do not cross a certain line . ( more ) 18 . ramona ( cont 'd ) or maybe they be not as good at it . which be why they all share a two - bedroom in cobble Hill . the guy high - five and clink they heineken , but do not do a lot of spend . ramona steer destiny away from they . ramona ( cont 'd ) then there 's the motherfucker on top ... int . financial district - penthouse office - night a assistant bring a note to a corporate raider ( 5as ) . there 's porn play on he computer . he take the note but do not dismiss she , make she watch the porn with he . ramona ( v.o. ceo , cfos , investment banker , corporate raider , hedge funder , ax-murders ... come straight from the crime scene into the club . int . move - later the same high - power man walk through the back door , he expensive shoe hit the carpet . ramona ( v.o . but not through the front . this guy do not want to be write about on page six . ramona greet the man . introduce he to destiny . ramona ( v.o . they come through the back . they take the private elevator to the one room without camera . ramona and destiny lead the man into the elevator . ramona ( v.o . and they do not leave till they spend ten thousand , fifteen thousand dollar in one night . int . move - champagne room - later destiny open the curtain for the man . he disappear inside . ramona shut the curtain behind they . 19 . ramona ( v.o. ) they can be degrade . possessive . aggressive . violent . and they never get in any trouble . because everyone be willing to cover they track . Cause deep down they all want what they get . they all want to be on top . where there be no consequence . int . move - champagne room —- moment later the man put a hundred dollar on the couch beside he . destiny stand front and center . ramona stand behind she . ramona ( v.o. ) you be just another deal to they . and that 's all they be to you . the girl look at he , unwaver , in control . he lay down a hundred more . ramona ( v.o. ) it 's business . and it 's a more honest transaction than anything else they do that day . ramona take one of destiny 's bra strap and slowly slide it off she shoulder . the man count out another hundred . ramona unhook destiny 's bra and destiny slide it off . another hundred . ramona ( v.o. ) all you have to do be figure out who you be deal with . and then play they at they level . ramona bend down , put she thumb under destiny 's thong , hold out the side , stop . the man look at they , desperate . he put down another and another and another and another ... int . move - locker room - later end of the night . destiny count out she tip , marvel at the stack . she look at the other girl , Jackie , Tracy , justice , change back into they plain clothes , talk . destiny turn to ramona lining she knee-high boot with cash . so destiny do the same . she stuff the bill , manage to zip up one boot , can not quite get the other . ramona see she . 20 . ramona here ... ramona go to help , shove the cash further down destiny 's boot . then hold she heel , leg in the air , while destiny tug on the zipper . the two of they start laugh , then really laugh , crack up , together . destiny ( v.o. ) she be not in it to make friend . it just happen . int . high -end department store - uptown - day chopin 's etude op. 25 no. 9 in g-flat major . fendi. valentino . balenciaga . destiny and ramona glide through the handbag section . destiny pose with a gigantic gucci bag . destiny be it too big ? ramona be you kid ? a bag can never be too big . c’mon , let 's ring you up . int . high -end department store - uptown - moment later the salesgirl watch ramona watch destiny count out a thousand dollar on the counter . in one . ext . uptown STREET - later through the window of another move car , we see a escalade roll through traffic , the sun glint off of every curve , ramona 's hand on the wheel , destiny in the passenger seat , sunglass on , talk , laugh , pass we by . int . ramona's apartment - later it 's nice but not totally extravagant . destiny stand in ramona 's walk -in closet look wide - eye at all of ramona 's thing . fur coat . a wall of heel . ramona ( 0.s. ) oh-kay ... destiny turn around to see ramona present several homemade bathing suit laid out on the bed . 21 . ramona ( cont 'd ) ta-da ! I be design my own swim - line . destiny wow . you make this ? destiny walk into the bedroom , look at ramona 's creation . ramona I like to use a lotta mix media , so ... I find this leather piece and I make little belt out of chain and this here be call epaulet ? which be french for little shoulder . a lot of people be scared to wear denim in the ocean but I swear this get more comfortable when they be wet . specifically saltwater . try ‘em on . destiny step right into the denim bikini bottom under she skirt . ramona go for a piece of paper . ramona ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna take forever to save up the money to start a label . but one of my client be a graphic designer and he make I this logo . look at that . swimona . it 's catchy right ? destiny «+. do you go to school for it ? ramona yup . only thirteen credit away from graduate ... oh my god that look so good on you . see ? they look in the mirror together , like sister . the sound of the front door ... ramona ( cont 'd ) bear cub , be that you ? ramona 's daughter , juliet ( 9 ) come run into the room in she school uniform , follow by she nanny ( 5as ) . ramona wrap she arm around juliet , kissing she head over and over . ramona ( cont 'd ) how 's my genius ? how 's that great big brain of yours ? ( more ) 22 . ramona ( cont 'd ) juliet , this be mommy 's friend dorothy , can you say hi ? ... she get shy around anyone that 's not a cute boy . juliet Mom ... ramona tickle juliet . juliet laugh . destiny smile at they . ramona thank you , manuela ! i’1l take it from here . manuela okay , good - night , miss ! bye juju ! manuela wave goodbye . ramona look at she daughter . ramona what do you want for dinner ? juliet Chicken finger . ramona Chicken finger ? no , I be gonna make you something better than that . go on , get out of you school clothes . juliet run out . ramona watch she go , beam . destiny she look just like you . ramona good , I like to think I make she myself . destiny .-. it 's just the two of you ? ramona and manuela . I do not know what I would do without manuela . int . ramona 's apartment - live room - later after dinner , ramona and destiny sit on the couch . juliet be asleep in ramona 's lap . ramona play with she hair . ramona and destiny be talk quietly . 23 . destiny I just do not ever want to be dependent on anyone . like ever . I just want to be able to take care of my grandma for the rest of she life . and maybe go shopping once in awhile . ramona yeah , that 's how I feel . I just want my daughter to be able to do whatever she want , you know ? go to whatever school she want , or not , if that 's what she want . I swear , I would do anything for this kid . ( then ) motherhood be a mental illness . destiny look at she . half -laugh . destiny well , that explain my mother .... ramona look at destiny and pout sympathetically ... young woman ( v.o. ) be that how you would describe she ? CUT back to : int . destiny 's house - year later we return to the white live room , destiny and the young woman on the opposite couch . destiny my mother ? young woman I mean , ramona . destiny glance down at a digital recorder on the table between they . destiny 's jewelry make noise . destiny .-.- how much of this be go in the article ? Cause I hope it 's not about all stripper be thief or something . young woman not at all ... 24 . destiny Cause they be not . it 's thing like this that add to the stigma . I do not want to perpetuate anything . young woman of course . destiny look at she . destiny you gotta understand , I be make a honest live then . everything be good . everybody be make money . Sean Kingston 's '' beautiful Girls '' take we ... back to : int . grandma's house - day [ 2007 ] destiny give she grandmother a stack of cash . destiny ( v.o. ) I help my grandma get out of debt ... int . destiny 's apartment - day ramona help destiny arrange she furniture . the place be small , but new , and all hers . destiny ( v.o. ) I get my own place in the city ... int . move - day destiny sit at the bar , study . the place be mostly empty . a few regular . some stripper on the floor with they . destiny ( v.o. ) ramona inspire I to go back to school . stephen ( 0.s. ) wow . destiny look over at stephen ( 40s ) eat wing . 25 . stephen ( cont 'd ) sorry . it 's just .... you penmanship be really remarkable . she give he a look , can not help but laugh at he . he do not notice , face full of wing sauce . he slide down a stool . stephen ( cont 'd ) be you a student ? destiny yeah . stephen oh , that 's great ... what do you study ? destiny psychology ... I really be a student . stephen oh no I believe you . destiny I be just say , a lot of girl here say they be student but I really be get my degree . stephen and I think that 's great . Stephen . destiny destiny . stephen destiny . you be very ...exotic - — look . I mean , I be into asian girl . it 's kinda my thing . she look at he . the sound of a cash register ka-ching ! destiny and what do you do , Stephen ? stephen I work at lehman Brothers . I be sorry I do not mean to stare . I be just ... really blow away by you penmanship . seriously , you could be a font . they can do that , you know . you can ... they can make a font of you own handwrite . so you can put it on you computer . 26 . destiny I do not have a computer . stephen oh ... destiny guess that 's why my handwrite 's so good . she smile at he . he laugh , charme , fish in a barrel . int . move - locker room - night destiny do homework on a brand new laptop . ramona walk by , kiss destiny 's head , proud . destiny smile . destiny ( v.o. ) 2007 be the fuck best ... int . move - champagne room - night destiny and ramona dance for two aggressive big shot ( 40s ) . destiny ( v.o. ) I make more money that year than a goddamn brain surgeon . and sure , some day suck , like any other job . but other day ... int . escalade - day ramona what do you think ? destiny sit in the driver 's seat , feel the steering wheel in she hand , ramona next to she . destiny oh yeah . this be fuck it . we see the escalade be park on a showroom floor . ramona turn on the radio : it 's Britney , bitch . '' gimme more '' . they sing along to the song , dance in they seat , make the escalade shake , the salesmen watch from a few foot away , wide - eye . Britney continue over : CUT to : various we intercut the wall STREET guy and the dancers ... 27 . int . financial district office - day the guy in they office , hustling they client ... int . move - night on the floor , destiny , ramona , diamond , mercede , justice , Tracy , Star , and Jackie be all hustling the guy . the guy be make it rain . the girl be secure the bag . Stephen put a diamond necklace around destiny 's neck . Tracy gently talk down she boyfriend . she kiss he and send he on he way . then get back to work . int . move - later diamond yell at one of the manager . he can not get a word in . diamond I be tell you right now , carmen , you fuck with my money , I be gonna fuck with you whole life . you hear I ? what the fuck do you do here anyway ? I know what the bouncer and the waitress and the dj 's do , what the fuck do you do ? ( walk away , still shouting ) get the fuck stage fix . ext . gansevoort rooftop pool - day destiny and ramona be hang out when a handsome man ( 30 ) come up to destiny . instant chemistry . this be johnny . as destiny and johnny flirt , we push in ramona look at they . she 's get a bad vibe about he ... int . destiny 's apartment - night in the midst of destiny and ramona 's success , we also see destiny and johnny argue with each other in the kitchen ... johnny destiny who give it to you ?! fuck off ! we whip away from they and zoom in on the tv . keeping up with the kardashian . pilot episode . 28 . kim kardashian ( talking head ) welcome to my family . I be Kim kardashian . kim enter there huge house with shopping bag . kim kardashian ( cont 'd ) the princess be in the building ! quick flash : money exchange hand over and over ... destiny ( v.o. ) the last great night I remember ... int . move - the last great night destiny ( v.o. ) it be the night usher come in . int . locker room - the last great night Liz scream to the other stripper . liz motherfuckin 's usher 's here ! int . move - the last great night super slow-motion . usher come in the club . we be on the back of he head as the sea of people part for he . the stripper be freaking out , scream for he . the Wall Street guy be more- than -psyched to join he entourage . destiny ( v.o. ) they put he own music on ... the dj spin usher . it feel like a fuck music video . destiny ( v.o. ) and all the girl line up to dance for he ... usher slip into a seat at the end of the stage , a long row of gorgeous girl as far as anyone can see line up to dance for he , destiny , ramona , justice , and diamond among they . the club at its peak . 29 . destiny ( v.o. ) and for one last moment , everything be so glamorous and cool . fade to : black september 29 , 2008 . push in on a screen , brian william talk to camera : brian william «+. we begin we story tonight with what 's be call the worst financial crisis in modern time , the large financial disaster in decade in this country , and perhaps the end of a era in american business , some of the biggest name in american business be tonight go , along with a lot of money and a lot of job ... int . destiny 's apartment - day destiny and johnny sit on the bed reeling , the sound of Brian Williams on tv in the background . destiny ( v.o. ) the crash put everybody out of business . but I have other thing on my mind . close on a pregnancy test in she hand . she start to cry . destiny how be I gonna make money ? johnny pull she into he arm . johnny I will take care of you . on destiny 's face , realize she 's dependent on he now . destiny .+. I hope it 's a boy . CUT to : 30. int . BOX store - day [ 2011 ] destiny push she cart around the wide aisle , she daughter ( 2 ) sit in the front , hold a barbie . destiny ( v.o. ) after I stop work , I lose touch with ramona . it 's just what happen when you have a kid . destiny busy diaper in bulk . she browse the clothes . the shoe . the handbags . int . BOX store - later destiny stand in a long line , watch the salesgirl ( she age ) ring up she bulk item . each beep across the scanner be like a knife in destiny 's head . she look around at the other mom push cart , wrangle they kid . beep . beep . beep . int . destiny 's apartment - night destiny and johnny be in the middle of a bad fight . she 's cry , storming after he . the baby be cry on the floor . destiny good , go ! we do not need you ! johnny walk out the front door . slam it behind he . destiny go to she daughter , pick she up , rock she . destiny ( cont 'd ) shhhh , it 's okay . mommy 's get you . pre -lap : a ringing phone ... int . upscale house - day Stephen cross he huge live room to answer he phone . stephen hello ? destiny ( 0.s. ) Stephen ? it 's destiny . stephen destiny ? wow ... it 's be a few year . 31 . destiny ( 0.s. ) yeah , time fly . it sound like she 's be cry . stephen where be you ? we follow Stephen down a flight of stair to the third level . intercut with : int . destiny 's apartment —- same destiny I just get back to the city . I move to Arizona for a few year but I do not really like it . I miss the season and ... I miss you . the guy in Arizona be nothing like here ... her baby make noise next to she . destiny ( cont 'd ) be you still there ? stephen yeah , I -- do you need to get that ? destiny what ? stephen do you need to help the baby ? destiny it 's my friend 's baby , I be just watch it . listen , I do not mean to bother you . if you be not happy to hear from I , I can call some -- stephen no , I be happy . I just ... ( lowering he voice ) I wish you would call sooner ... fatima come back . destiny who ? 32 . stephen my fiancee . I mean , my wife . my fiancee become my wife . destiny 's face / voice immediately change . destiny right , well , that 's how it happen . okay , bye Stephen . she hang up . destiny look down at a hand - write list label get money . she cross Stephen 's name off the bottom of the list . destiny look at she baby , start to panic ... int . high -end department store - moment later destiny sit at the make - up counter with a european woman . the woman look at destiny 's resume for a long time . destiny shift in she seat , she jewelry make noise . interviewer ++. so you last job be in 2008 ? destiny yes . it 's not like I ... I have a kid , so ... I be busy do that . interviewer a year of waitress . do you graduate high school ? oh , I see here , you get you ged . five year at privilege gentleman 's Club . what do you do there exactly ? destiny bartend . mostly . interviewer --. and what about at ... move ? destiny mostly bartend . interviewer «+ . so you do not have any retail experience ? destiny not yet . but ... that 's why I have really like to get experience ... so that I would have it . 33 . interviewer we be really look for someone with retail experience . destiny ( laugh ) well , how be I suppose to get retail experience without retail experience ? I mean , I sell ... beer . what 's the difference ? interviewer maybe you should go back to bartend . destiny stand up and start out . turn back . destiny could I get that back ? I only have one copy . the woman give destiny she resume . int . destiny grandmother 's house - later destiny walk in to see she daughter sit alone on the floor , destiny 's grandmother asleep in she chair , the tv on . destiny go to she daughter and pick she up , kissing she head . she carry she upstairs , whisper ... destiny you tired ? do you get a nap ? int . destiny 's childhood bedroom - moment later destiny lay she daughter down in she old twin bed and climb in next to she , under the cover . destiny look up at the ceiling , she arm around she daughter . slowly , the sound of the club get louder and louder , until we inevitably CUT to ... int . move - locker room - night destiny sit in she old spot , put on she make -up . russian stripper ( 0.s. ) you be in my seat . she look up at a russian stripper ( 20 ) . 34 . destiny oh. sorry . destiny move out of she way . take the next seat . the Russian check she hair in the mirror . she be model - flawless . destiny ( cont 'd ) «+. you be so pretty . just then , another russian stripper ( 20 ) step up behind she . she 's just as beautiful . they speak Russian to each other , then walk away . destiny look around the room . the girl be all drop-dead . not a familiar face in sight . int . move - the floor - later destiny circulate the half - empty room . the mood be different . the club have change . none of the old regular . no longer fun or harmless . destiny see -- destiny Mom ! Mom be work behind the bar , slinging Red bull . mom welcome back , sweetie . destiny they get you out front now ? mom yup . talent squander . Mom toss a can in the trash . destiny what happen ? mom 2008 happen . the guy do not wanna spend money . the girl do not wanna share tip . the busboy be find more cash in the couch cushion . the manager take the camera outta the champagne room , so nobody 's look out . and I be stick in customer service ... ( turn to a customer ) yes , I see you , hello . another Red bull ? destiny look around the room . 35 . destiny who be this girl ? mom Russians , mostly . destiny they look like model . mom they be give blow job for three hundred dollar a pop . Mom slide away . destiny scan the room , know she can not compete , know she can not work it alone . int . move - champagne room - later destiny dance for a aggressive stock broker ( 40s ) . stock broker yeah , what else you get ? C ’mon do not be a tease . be you a tease ? feel how hard you make I . destiny look where the camera use to be . destiny ... we be not suppose to ... stock broker C ’mon just stroke it . i’1l give you a hundred . a hundred ? one hundred ? destiny deliberate . he see she consideration and pull out he wallet . stock broker ( cont 'd ) yeah . stroke it . come on . he put three bill on the couch . stock broker ( cont 'd ) here . Three hundred . please ? just for a minute . come on ... he pull out a small vile of cocaine . stock broker ( cont 'd ) we will make each other feel good . he tap a bump of coke on he hand , snort it . then tap another . put it in front of she . she reluctantly lean in . 36 . int . move - bathroom - later destiny sit on the toilet seat , cry . then take off she heel and rub she sore foot , wince from the pain . she put she bare foot flat on the bathroom floor . destiny ( v.o. ) when I get off the floor , I see he give I three twenty . CUT to : int . destiny 's house - day [ year later ] destiny look away , she eye welling at the think . Elizabeth look at she , pain for she . destiny wipe a tear . destiny you do not need to believe I . I be use to people not believe I . I be only tell you so you understand where my head be at when I see she . back to : int . move - the floor - night [ 2011 ] destiny walk out of the bathroom , still shake . flo rida 's '' Club can not handle I '' be play too loud . destiny look around , lose , when she catch sight of a familiar face -- everything slow -- ramona . button-down shirt , pencil skirt . she 's now roll with mercede and a petite girl ( 18 ) . the three of they corral a shit - face guy toward the Champagne room . ramona spot destiny . they lock eye . like long lose sister with a secret . ramona take a few step in destiny 's direction . destiny do the same . they cross the room to each other , meet in the middle , face - to-face . ramona smile and hold out she arm . destiny practically collapse into they . ramona whoa ... ramona hold she up , destiny burrow into ramona . they embrace in the middle of the room , sway back and forth . 37 . int . diner - later destiny and ramona sit in a booth across from each other . ramona be look at picture on destiny 's phone . ramona oh my god she 's gorgeous , of course . how old be she ? destiny two-and-a-half . destiny take she phone back . ramona look at she , smile . ramona there 's nothing like it , be there ? juliet still let I sleep in she bed but I just know she 's gonna kick I out any day . they look at each other , burst with year of storey . ramona ( cont 'd ) I miss you , you know . destiny I miss you , too . ramona where have you go baby ? destiny shake she head . ramona ( cont 'd ) what happen with johnny ? they hold hand across the table . send message . ramona ( cont 'd ) why do not you call I ? you and lily can always stay with I and juju . you know that . destiny go to pull she hand away but ramona hold on . ramona ( cont 'd ) C ’mon do not do that thing . it 's I . destiny look up at she . destiny I be so tired . it 's exhaust ... 38 . ramona smile . destiny try to but tear fall from she eye . she quickly wipe they away . ramona hey . remember what we be like back then ? remember ? we be fuck hurricane , be not we ? destiny I just need to make money . I need to be independent . I and lily . ramona look at destiny . squeeze she hand . destiny ( v.o. ) she tell I what happen after the crash ... back to : int . move - the floor [ 2008 ] ramona look around the room . the place be almost completely empty . the few patron be cry on the girl 's shoulder . int . move - locker room - later the girl be all cry on each other 's shoulder . for the first time , ramona look very worried . she take out she iphone and call destiny . but destiny do not answer . destiny ( v.o. ) with half of Wall Street unemployed , ramona be not far behind ... int . clothing store - day [ 2010 ] ramona 's work retail , fold clothes at the back of the store with mercede . destiny ( v.o. ) mercede get she a job in fashion . mercede «+. I can not believe he get arrest . like now what be I suppose to do ? how be I suppose to pay for lawyer when I can not even afford he half of the rent ? ( more ) 39 . mercede ( cont 'd ) it 's like ... enough to make I call off the wedding . ramona well ? listen , mercede ... and you know I love Dragon ... but do you really wanna marry someone who 's probably go to prison ? mercede I do not know . I mean ... three - to - five be a big commitment . a reserve woman ( 5as ) come out of the dress room . reserve woman I can not get the zipper . ramona let I help you , dear . ramona go to help the woman . Zip she up . ramona ( cont 'd ) wow this look so good on you . and who do not love khaki , be I right ? int . clothing store - manager' office - later ramona take a breath and knock on the half - open door . ramona hey ... Mark ? the manager ( 20 ) look up from he sandwich . ramona ( cont 'd ) hey , I be hope you would not mind if I duck out early on Fridays so I could pick up my daughter at school ? she have half day for the rest of the year ... manager ( mouth full ) Rest of the year ? no . ramona Rest of the school year . it take he too long to finish a bite and swallow . 40 . manager no. ramona .-. well , what if I could find someone to switch shift with ? mercede say she have -- he sigh , roll he head around . manager it take I forever to figure out everyone 's stupid schedule ... ramona I know , Mark . I just ... I would not ask if it be not for my kid , she 's ... at a difficult age and , well , lately she 's be have a hard time at she new school -- manager be I the father ? ramona stop , confuse . he look at she . ramona what ? manager be I the father ? she look at he . of course not . ramona no ... manager then why would I give a shit ? he get back to he sandwich . manager ( cont 'd ) do not you have a babysitter or a nanny or something ? ramona shake she head . ramona I can not afford that . 41 . manager well , maybe if you put in more hour instead of racing out all the time ... Craig 's get two kid , you do not see he rush home every time someone get a nosebleed ... his voice be drown out by Kelly rowland 's '' motivation '' , as we push in on ramona 's face ... int . move - champagne room - night ramona be back at it , dance alongside two girl ( 20 ) for a pair of cool guy ( 20 , dress down ) . they be pay much more attention ( money ) to the other girl . ramona see one of the guy gesture at she , then lean over and whisper something to he boy . his boy call ramona over . she dance up to they . one of they pull out a twenty . cool guy hey , why do not you take a break ? no offense , we be just not feel ya . she look at they . take the twenty and walk out . int . locker room - moment later ramona walk off the floor and into the dress room where she see a small girl sit on the floor , cry . ramona what 's wrong , baby ? annabelle ( 18 , the petite girl we see ramona roll with ) look up at she with big eye . int . locker room - moment later annabelle watch ramona use a tiny pair of scissors to cut the string off a tampon . ramona there ...we...go . you be gonna have to reach in there to get it out . annabelle smile , grateful . annabelle how do you learn to do that ? 42 . ramona oh , some ...old ...... ( trail off , half - laugh ) do not you have sister ? annabelle shake she head , start cry again . annabelle my brother do not talk to I anymore . I tell my mom and dad I work here and they kick I out of the house . ramona look at annabelle 's innocent face , play with she hair . ramona «+. you wanna go fishing ? annabelle look at ramona , that infectious smile . young woman ( v.o. ) what 's fishing ? the sound of the nyse close bell take we to ... ext . financial district office - end of work day guy in suit pour out of they office ... ext . financial district bar - end of work day and into the bar . we pan over to find ramona , mercede and annabelle seat at one of the outdoor bar , size they up . ramona since the recession , the club need customer . so all we gotta do be reel ‘em in ... int . financial district bar —- later among the happy-hour crowd , we find mercede sit in a form -fitting dress at the bar . ramona ( v.o. ) anyone can own one nice suit . you wanna look at they shoe , they watch , briefcase ... mercede make eye contact with a businessman . 43 . ramona ( v.o. ) they wedding ring . always look for a wedding ring . his wedding ring glint in she eye . mercede go in . int . financial district bar —- later mercede sit with the marry businessman . they clink glass . she touch he upper thigh . he look down , psyched . ramona ( v.o. ) once you get ‘em on the hook , that 's when we get the net . just then , annabelle and ramona roll up to the bar . mercede Spencer , this be my co-worker ! the girl all surround Spencer , touch he , pass around shot , pretend to drink they , pass around coke , pretend to sniff it . Spencer really do the shot . Spencer really sniff the coke . ramona let 's go to a club ! mercede let 's go to a strip club ! annabelle oh I do not know ... annabelle rub Spencer 's arm . mercede touch he leg . ramona C ’mon ! we be all gonna be at we desk at 9 be regret the moment we could have go to a strip club together and do not ... let 's do it ! spencer I be in ! int . ramona 's escalade - later they all pile in , ramona behind the wheel . ramona ( v.o. ) then we steer he to the club ... 44 , int . move - later the girl escort Spencer through the front door . ramona ( v.o. ) .-- where we have negotiate ourselves a percentage of he spend ... the manager give they a nod . ramona ( v.o. ) .-- and then we run up he credit card as far as we can push it . int . move - private area - later mercede hold up a empty vodka bottle . mercede another round ? Spencer hand over he credit card . int . move - behind the bar - moment later Mom swipe he credit card through the machine . int . move - private area - moment later ramona Shots ! all the girl hold they shot glass in the air . Spencer too , though he clearly do not need it . he slam he . they pretend to slam theirs . someone put the bill in front of he , put the pen in he hand . he sign without look . ext . move - later the girl fold Spencer into the back of a cab . ramona okay , Spencer , tell the nice man where you live . spencer N ’york . ramona Little more specific . 45 . spencer fith Avenue . ramona Close enough . ramona shut the door . the cab pull away . the girl can not help but crack up , laugh . destiny ( v.o . ) but go fishing do not mean you catch a marlin ... int . financial district bar - another night annabelle sit in a form -fitting dress at the bar , size up a good - looking guy in a nice suit . he turn , smile at she . she look down at he shitty shoe . she sigh and turn away . destiny ( v.o . ) «+. and some of this guy do not want to party . int . financial district bar - another night the girl try the same thing on a straight - lace man ( 40s ) . mercede hold up shot . he shake he head . straight -lace man oh no . no thank you . mercede and annabelle look at each other . int . financial district bar - another night the girl try again on a man in glass ( 30 ) . man in glass oh I can not , but ... this be fun . he slip out , leave the three girl alone . another waste of a night . the bartender hand ramona the bill . ramona fffuck . int . financial district bar - later ramona , mercede and annabelle sit together , defeat . 46 . annabelle ... what do we do now ? mercede I be suppose to meet a new lawyer for Dragon . I can not fuck afford he now . annabelle start cry . annabelle I can not move back home . mercede guess it 's back to the pole . ramona look at they , the wheel turn . destiny ( v.o. ) that 's when ramona come up with she special recipe . int . ramona 's escalade - another night park outside of the bar . ramona show annabelle and mercede a vile of powder . they look at she wide - eye . annabelle be you serious ? ramona it 's barely any different than what we be do now . it 's a short - cut . a sure thing . annabelle what if someone get hurt ? ramona nobody 'il get hurt . at worst , they 's 1l have a bad hangover . mercede what if they go to the cop ? ramona and say what ? I just spend five grand at a strip club ? send help ? they will not know what happen till they look at they bank account . annabelle exhales . 47 . annabelle I think I be gonna throw up . ramona we be not the only one do this . how do you think the club stay in business ? Post -2008 . it 's a side hustle . everybody 's have to get creative . mercede .+. I know a girl from queen who do this . annabelle do she get catch ? mercede Nah . she send she two kid to college . now she life in Miami . start she own nail salon . the girl look at each other . ramona so what do you think ? back to : int . diner - night [ 2011 ] destiny look at ramona , wide - eye with all the information . destiny what be it ? ramona ketamine and mdma . the ketamine wipe they memory and the mdma make they happy . destiny how many time have you do it ? ramona Three . include tonight . ( then ) we make five grand . Split three way . destiny exhales . 48 . ramona ( cont 'd ) could make it four . ( then ) it would be like old time . ramona push back destiny 's hair . destiny 's head be spin . ramona lean in . ramona ( cont 'd ) we gotta start think like this Wall Street guy . I mean , look what they do to this country . they steal from everybody . hard - work people lose everything . and not a single one of this guy go to jail . be that fair ? they be come in the club with steal money . that 's who 's pay for the blow job . the fuck firefighter retirement fund . fuck this guy . a waitress come over and pour more coffee . destiny look at she . she walk away . destiny watch the waitress work . ramona ( cont 'd ) we can not dance forever . you want to go back to minimum wage ? ( then ) the game be rig . and it do not reward the people who play by the rule . you can either stand in the corner or get in the ring . destiny 's wheel be turn . she look up at ramona . destiny I do not want to hurt anybody . I be not out for revenge . ramona I either . they would do this anyway . it 's like robbing a bank . except they be give we the key . nobody get hurt . ramona look at she . ramona ( cont 'd ) «+. so be you in ? int . financial district bar - night mercede sit close with a short guy ( 30 , tailore suit . ) 49 , short guy well it 's get late .... mercede oh I guess it be . that 's a shame ... she cross she leg . he try to look up she skirt . short guy what about you ? you gotta get up early tomorrow ? or .... mercede mmmmm ... let 's have one more . she flag down the bartender for one more round . just then , annabelle , destiny and ramona join they . mercede ( cont 'd ) hey , this be my sister ! the girl surround he , make introduction , touch he all over , hand everywhere . ramona get they all drink , give the bartender a huuuge tip . she reach in she bag . mercede get the short guy 's attention , distracting he while ramona go for he drink . the guy turn , about to see , when annabelle step in front of he , block he view with she angelic face . destiny go to rub he shoulder . ramona take a tiny vile out of she bag and tap it against he glass . the powder drop in he drink . just a sprinkle . ramona to sister ! girl to sister ! short guy to sister ! he toast they . destiny watch he down he drink . CUT to : int . move - night close on four payr of heel walking with a man' shiny shoe levitating a inch off the ground . the girl carry the short guy , half - conscious toward the -- 50 . int . move - champagne room - continuous ramona shut the curtain behind they . the girl drop the guy on the couch . he bounce off the couch onto the floor . annabelle grab a bucket of champagne and throw up in it . annabelle I be sorry ... ramona help she . mercede you okay ? mercede go to help annabelle . destiny and ramona drag the guy back up on the couch . destiny do this always happen ? ramona no ... destiny be it too much ? ramona I do not know ... you alright , Gary ? Gary smile and drool . ramona ( cont 'd ) can you open you eye , Gary ? Gary open one eye . ramona ( cont 'd ) what 's that , Gary ? another round ? Gary will not budge . destiny ++. what do we do ? ramona wait ! ramona point . destiny look . Gary be ever- so- slowly reach for he pocket . ramona ( cont 'd ) that 's it , Gary ... 51 . he creep out he wallet , fumble with he credit card . ramona ( cont 'd ) which one be it , Gary , this one ? he nod yes . ramona take it and start out . we follow she -- int . move - the floor - continuous ramona stride up to the bar , hand the card to Mom , then look at the dancer hard at work . the credit card swipe ... CUT to : int . ramona's apartment - later champagne pop ! close on destiny 's face , flush with adrenaline . she dance on the couch with ramona and mercede , pass around the champagne bottle , music play . annabelle be seat , a little queasy , but happy . they be all laugh . mercede ... no , the worst guy be the one that put condom on in the bathroom ahead of time . then you know you gotta grind it out . mercede step over annabelle , give she a lap -dance . annabelle laugh . annabelle we do not have to go back , do we ? ramona we dance day be over . annabelle smile . destiny smile . destiny I can pay off my grandmother 's house . mercede fan herself with a splay of money . mercede I think I be gonna get myself a engagement ring . Dragon can sit in jail a few more week . they all laugh . ramona hold up the champagne bottle . 52 . ramona to Gary ! girl to Gary ! they lift annabelle to she foot . the four of they dance . juliet ( 0.s. ) Mom ? they turn to see juliet in she pajamas . ramona go to she . ramona oh baby I be sorry , do we wake you ? ramona take juliet 's hand and start to dance with she . juliet can not help but laugh , sleepy . ramona pick she up and carry she over to the other girl . mercede and annabelle be dance on either side of destiny . annabelle you guy really be my sister . annabelle give destiny a '' big sis '' kiss on the cheek . destiny beam , wrapping she arm around she '' little sis '' . mercede wrap she arm around both of they . ramona hug they all . ramona that 's right . we be a family now . a family with moneyyyyyy ! the girl howl . destiny smile , part of the family . destiny ( v.o. ) okay I know it sound bad to say we be , like , drugging people ... CUT to : int . destiny 's house - kitchen - present the young woman look at destiny , wide - eye , recorder in hand . destiny .-- but in we world , it be like , normal . half of this guy be mainline coke on the way to work . but still , we need to make it as safe as possible . so I suggest we tweak the recipe ... 53 . destiny turn on the stove . put on a teapot . CUT to : int . ramona's apartment - kitchen - day ramona and destiny stand at the counter . destiny what do you think , 60/40 ? ramona 60/40 what ? destiny 60 mdma , 40 ketamine ? ramona «+. that sound right . ingredient on the counter . pill of mdma . vile of liquid kk. destiny do we turn the powder into a liquid or turn the liquid into a powder ? ramona think . tapping she nail . chopin 's etude op. 10 no. 4 in C - sharp minor . close on the pill be crushed with a pestle ... close on the burner on high ... water boiling ... ramona tie on a apron . put a plate on top of the pot of boil water . set the flame low . destiny pour the ketamine into the plate , ramona watch , like mother and daughter baking a cake . the liquid slowly evaporate . ramona stir . destiny refill the pan until only a powder remain . they mix the two powder together . destiny and ramona each sample a tiny amount . CUT to : they be asleep on the floor . ramona slowly wake up . she lean over and wake up destiny . they look at each other . destiny let 's try it in the oven . CUT to : 54 . the liquid ketamine bake in a glass pan . ramona open the oven , wear oven mitt , and pull out the glass pan . she set the pan on top of the stove to cool . destiny look at the crystal , in awe . destiny ( cont 'd ) how much ? ramona just a sprinkle . int . ramona 's apartment - kitchen - later ramona and destiny clean up after themselves . destiny I be still not sure about stranger . ramona but that 's the beauty of ‘em . they be stranger . destiny I do not want to slip it to anybody who 's not already on something . we gotta know this guy like to party . and that they have money to lose . enough to not care if some be miss . with stranger , it 's unpredictable , there 's no guarantee . ramona nod in agreement . she start to smile . destiny ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) so we call up some old friend . int . ramona 's apartment - night close on ramona 's phone as she scroll through she contact ... dev bear stearn , Eddie Goldman sach , David Morgan stanley ... she pick one . like cold - call . mercede and destiny watch ramona at work , annabelle in the background , play with juliet and lily . ramona ( into phone ) David , be that you ? it 's ramona . or ) well I definitely remember you and I be sure you remember I because nobody ever forget meeting I . ( more ) 55 . ramona ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) why go n 's ? I send you a picture and jog you memory ? ramona take a photo of annabelle . ramona attaches the photo to a text : hit I up xx . send . almost immediately , ramona 's phone buzy with a response . int . financial district bar - later annabelle sit too close to david ( 40s ) . ( we remember he as the wall STREET guy from the club . Mr. Lucy Liu . ) just then , mercede , ramona , and destiny roll up to the bar . mercede David , this be my friend ! quick montage : int . financial district bar - various night a parade of familiar face , asshole we meet before 2008 ... annabelle this be my sister ! the girl surround guy # 2 , touch , distracting guy # 3 , hand a drink to guy # 4 , guy # 5 take a sip ... close on the powder dissolve in they drink ... close on they hand clinking glass ... ext . financial district bar - night they pile guy # 6 into ramona 's escalade ... ext . move - night they corral guy # 7 into the club ... CUT to : various credit card be swipe ! and approved ! 56 . int . ramona 's apartment - various the girl pop champagne , celebrate . int . destiny 's grandmother 's house - day destiny give she grandmother a giant stack of money and a kiss on the cheek . her grandmother beam , so proud . int . ramona 's apartment - day ramona help she daughter with she homework , as manuela clean up after dinner . ramona smile , grateful she 's back . int . lawyer' office - day mercede shake hand with a high - powered lawyer for Dragon . int . annabelle’s brooklyn apartment - day annabelle rearrange furniture in she own place . she sit on she couch with she cat , look around , happy , independent . int . high -end department store - day the four girl try on shoe . destiny watch ramona on one of she many cell phone . destiny ( v.o. ) maybe one of ‘em would call and complain but we could handle it ... ramona what be you talk about ? you have a great time . you be so happy you keep tipping everybody , remember ? destiny ( v.o. ) ramona could always handle it ... ramona ( into phone ) what be you gonna do ? call the police ? be you really gonna tell you wife and the police what you do ? do that sound worth whatever amount you think you be miss ? you go out , you have a epic night , it cost money , why should it cost you any more than that ? 57 . destiny ( v.o. ) we treat it like a business ... int . ramona 's apartment - day destiny and ramona sit at the kitchen table surround in paperwork , they daughter play together in the background . ramona .«.. so annabelle 's 1ll meet jp Morgan and mercede x11 meet Wells fargo . destiny mercede meet Wells fargo last time . ramona how much do we charge last time ? destiny ... five thousand on he american Express and two thousand on he corporate card . ramona do he have any airline mile ? int . high -end department store - dressing room - day annabelle and mercede try on expensive dress . destiny ( v.o. ) we branch out , cultivate a certain level of clientele ... int . financial district bar / upstair restaurant - night annabelle sit next to a handsy man ( 40s ) . annabelle a architect . whoa . no wonder you get such nice hand . destiny ( v.o . ) .-.- but the bigger the fish , the bigger the bait have to be . the architect bite she neck . she try to stay playful . architect let 's fuck in the bathroom . 58 . annabelle owwwhhh ... hang on ... my sister should be here any minute ... annabelle try to keep he hand at bay ... destiny ( v.o. ) so that 's when I say ... I mean , that 's when we realize ... int . ramona's escalade - night park . destiny turn to ramona in the driver 's seat . destiny 's lip move , but we hear ... destiny ( v.o. ) we need to be outsource . ramona nod and respond , lip move , but we hear ... CUT to : int . destiny 's house - kitchen - day destiny hand the young woman a cup of tea . destiny so we put a ad in craigslist . back to : int . mall food court - day [ 2012 ] one shot : four recruit ( 20 - 39 ) sit with trays from the various vendor . the girl be sore thumb , even at the mall . Mom stand in front of they , clipboard in hand . destiny stand behind she , take mental note . mom okay , lovely . do anyone have any allergy ? anything life - threaten ? georgia ( 20 ) speak up first . georgia I get asthma . next to she , crystal ( 20 ) . 59 . crystal I do not like foot . mom you have a foot allergy ? crystal I be just say if a foot go near my face , I will shut down . trixie ( 30 ) raise she hand . trixie I do not mind foot . mom great , you two will work together . trixie and Crystal wave at each other . mom ( cont 'd ) okay , now everybody find a partner and let 's work on we fake- drink and sniff . destiny look up to see ramona and a strung - out blonde ( 30 ) walk over . she join the group with a plate of noodle . ramona join destiny , beverage in hand . destiny where be you ? ramona they have a Orange julius . ramona hold out she julius . destiny take a sip of it . destiny what 's Coco do here ? we say no junky , no criminal . ramona so ? destiny so she 's a junkie and a criminal . ramona people change ... they look at Coco practice a real sniff of cocaine . 60 . ramona ( cont 'd ) Fine , but I promise she lunch . ( turn , gasp ) and who 's this ?? ramona run over to angel ( 30 ) , a tiny dog in she purse . angel this be Mr. Bruce . destiny watch ramona take the little dog in she arm . angel ( cont 'd ) I take he with I everywhere , I hope that 's not a problem . ramona not at all . Mom try to wrangle everybody back on course . mom okay , angel , eye up here , now let 's work on we etiquette . do everybody have a fork ? the girl all hold up they plastic fork . int . mall - later the girl flood the department store , browsing the rack of nicer clothes , try on make - up , sampling perfume . the other shopper look on . the salesgirls be shocked . ramona hold up a dress . destiny hold up a credit card . int . ramona's escalade - various night park . ramona behind the wheel , destiny beside she . they turn to see mercede and Georgia in back , herve leger dress ... destiny no drink . no drug . intercut with : annabelle and angel ( and Mr. Bruce ) in the back -seat ... ramona once you get the signature , you can party you head out . 61 . intercut with : Crystal and trixie in the back -seat . ramona hand over a vile of powder . Crystal take it ... annabelle take the vile ... mercede take the vile . cue : Scott Walker 's '' next '' ... int . move - champagne room - various Georgia and trixie dance for the stockbroker who give destiny three twenty . just when they think he 's gonna pass out , he rise to he foot and dance with they . the girl look at each other . Georgia use she inhaler . angel and annabelle dance for the Alpha , wait for he to pass out . when he finally do , they play with Mr. Bruce . Crystal and mercede be whisper in the corporate raider 's ear . he look like a baby in they arm . mercede what 's you mother 's maiden name ? crystal and what be the last four digit of you social ? we jump CUT from night to night , as each of the guy begin to lose consciousness ... Crystal and trixie keep go with the dance stockbroker until ... he slowly fall like a tree through the glass table and smashes through it . the table shatter into piece . int . ramona's escalade - moment later park . destiny be on the phone , card in hand . destiny 6-6-1 - 0 . and what 's my balance ? ramona look at destiny , proud . destiny ( v.o. ) I could do all the math in my head . 62 . int . move - night the bouncer hold the door open for destiny and ramona as they walk in like pimp , with they girl in formation . destiny ( v.o. ) like if you tell I the bill be 40 grand , I know everybody 's cut . all the employee smile and nod at they , as the girl make they way through the room . destiny ( v.o. ) there be night and weekend when we bring 100 grand into the club . and everybody get in on the action . super : move gentleman 's Club decline to comment . destiny ( v.o. ) the host . the manager . the dj . this be during the recession , mind you . without I make the effort to go out and market and promote , they would not have a business . we be not just some disposable dancer anymore . I be cfo of my own fuck corporation . destiny look around , stand tall . CUT to : moving men . as far as the eye can see , lug heavy furniture , couch , bed frame , box label fur . shoe . a few sweat men emerge from the truck carry a tanning bed . we follow the tanning bed , as they carry it into ... int . ramona's new apartment - day destiny and ramona watch the man drag everything inside and up the stair . ramona gesture at the live room ... int . ramona's new apartment - christmas morning ramona and destiny sit around the Christmas tree with they daughter and employee , Mom , annabelle and mercede , and manuela and she two daughter , all open gift . destiny 's grandmother among they . full house . destiny 's grandmother open a blue jewelry box and gasp . 63 . destiny 's grandmother oh , dorothy . what have you do ? destiny you always say you want real pearl . destiny put the necklace on she grandmother . destiny 's grandmother do you go to the bottom of the ocean for this ? destiny something like that . destiny 's daughter lily ( now 4 ) unwrap a barbie dreamhouse . lily mommy it 's the one I want ! destiny say thank you to you aunt ramona . lily thank you auntie mona . ramona of course , lily girl . lily give ramona a hug . mercede open a box of louboutin and scream . destiny and ramona look at each other , proud . ramona unwrap a gucci purse . ramona ( cont 'd ) oh my god , it 's enormous ! destiny do you like it ? ramona no ... I love it . I be gonna carry all my other bag in it . ramona give destiny a kiss . then , hand she a big box . ramona ( cont 'd ) you turn . destiny unty the red ribbon . open the box lid . gasp . destiny what be it ? 64 . ramona chinchilla . destiny pull out a long fur coat . she try it on . running she hand all over it . she smile at ramona , marvel . ramona ( cont 'd ) I be so proud of you , dorothy . destiny stop . like she 's need to hear that she whole life . ramona ( cont 'd ) we do not need anybody else , do we ? destiny shake she head , smile . destiny nobody . ramona throw a arm around destiny . ramona we be the untouchable . like kobe and shaq . destiny who 's kobe ? ramona I be kobe and you shaq . destiny why do you get to be kobe ? they wrestle into a hug , laugh , make each other laugh harder . mom okay , everybody get together ! Mom take a picture of everyone on she new iphone . int . ramona's dine room - later chopin 's etude op. 10 no. 3 in E major . there 's a enormous spread . ramona sit next to destiny 's grandmother , destiny across from they , everyone 's head bow in prayer . mercede .».. and thank you God for all that you have give we ... ( more ) 65 . mercede ( cont 'd ) this delicious food , my new louboutin , and especially for this family , my sister , we be so bless . amen . everyone amen . they eat family - style , hand pass plate , everyone enjoy each other 's company . destiny look around , every seat fill . she smile , surround . int . ramona's dine room - later end of the meal . annabelle clear the table . ramona be hold court , mid-story . everyone 's listen , captivate . ramona «+. so my friend bring I over to he table and introduce we and , you know , I do not usually get nervous around this type , but suddenly he 's in front of I and ... ( to destiny 's grandmother ) ++. do you know who he be , nana ? do you get usweekly ? destiny she know . she 's see he . you have see he , nan . from the movie . destiny grandmother I see he . he 's very good -look . ramona well , listen , nan , he 's even better look in person ... ramona take destiny 's grandmother 's hand . destiny clock it . ramona ( cont 'd ) +. so he pick I up in this white porsche . and all he have tell I be to wear a hat ... destiny the kentucky derby . 66 . ramona ... that 's what I think ... but suddenly we be at the airport and we be board this private jet to Monaco , and there be champagne and lobster and a butler and ... I do not have the heart to tell he that I hate fly . so there I be , in this gorgeous marble bathroom ... ( laugh ) .-. ten thousand foot in the air , vomit champagne and lobster ... ( call out ) «+ . Bella , come here , you will like this story ... ( to nan ) ... annabelle can throw up on command . it 's one of she many gift ... ( to annabelle ) «+. come here , baby ... annabelle come over to ramona , laugh . ramona put annabelle on she lap , bounce she like a kid , continue ... ramona ( cont 'd ) ... well , eventually the plane land and , well , we have three of the most magnificent hour before the paparazzi catch up with we . and I be afraid that 's the end of the pg - 13 version . everyone sigh with laughter , wishing the story would not end . destiny 's grandmother slowly lean over to ramona . destiny grandmother I once dance with frankie valli ... ramona burst , grab destiny 's grandma 's hand . ramona what ?? nan ? everyone burst with she . ramona turn to destiny . ramona ( cont 'd ) do you know this ? destiny shake she head , smile , but ... destiny 's grandmother it be before he be marry . the second time . 67 . ramona oh I do not know , nan , you sure about that ? destiny 's grandmother «+. pretty sure . everyone howl , laugh . ramona scream , stomp she foot . ramona this woman be my spirit animal ! later : ramona put frankie valli on the ipod . cue : rag doll . everyone be dance in the middle of the live room . ramona dance with destiny 's grandmother , like old friend . destiny dance with the other , watch the two of they , smile . ramona ( cont 'd ) ( shouting over the music ) .-. tell the truth , nan . if frankie valli have show up on you wedding day and say '' it 's I or you husband '' what would you have say ? her grandmother take a elderly beat . then : destiny 's grandmother '' which car you drive ? '' ramona throw she head back and scream , then find destiny 's face across the room . ramona how have we not meet sooner ?? destiny and ramona smile at each other . ramona turn back to destiny 's grandmother and dip she . grandma laugh . young woman ( v.o. ) so ... whose idea be it to start drugging they ? destiny stop smile . CUT to : int . destiny 's house - day destiny look at the young woman interview she . 68 . destiny be that what you be hang up on ? young woman -.. it 's hard not to be . destiny look at the recorder . destiny what 's you name again ? young woman Elizabeth . destiny do you grow up with money , Elizabeth ? elizabeth we be ... comfortable . destiny right . what have you parent do ? elizabeth my dad be a journalist . and my mom 's a psychiatrist . destiny where have you go to school ? elizabeth Brown . for undergrad . destiny what would you do for a thousand dollar ? of course the answer depend on what you already have and what you need . elizabeth so the drugging be ramona 's idea ? destiny you know , I do not think I should talk to you anymore . I be sorry . I do not know you and ... this girl be like my sister . I be sorry . destiny reach for the recorder ... elizabeth it 's okay , I understand ... ramona say the same thing . 69 . destiny stop . she look up at Elizabeth . destiny you talk to ramona already ? elizabeth destiny ( cont 'd ) «+. yeah . when ? elizabeth ( cont 'd ) yesterday . destiny where ? elizabeth I go to she work . destiny pfff. elizabeth what ? destiny nothing . just ... the idea of ramona vega go straight . it 's like .... a vampire do .... destiny trail off . she can just picture the two of they . flash to : int . ramona 's office ramona and elizabeth talking to each other across ramona 's desk . we can ’t hear what they 're saying . it 's torture . back to : destiny so if you talk to she already , what do you need I for ? elizabeth I be hope you could ... fill in any blank . destiny clenches she jaw . see red . destiny blanks . flash to : 70 . int . ramona 's office ramona say something that make elizabeth laugh . elizabeth write something down . can ’t see it . can ’t hear it . back to : destiny shift in she seat . her jewelry make noise . destiny hmmmm ... where be I ? back to : int . ramona's escalade - night [ 2012 ] ramona and destiny pull up in front of move to see a team of blond lead a day man out of they suv . ramona copycat . ramona turn to destiny ... ramona ( cont 'd ) I do not think we need ‘em anymore . we see elizabeth in the passenger seat . in destiny 's place . elizabeth who ? ramona the club . ramona play with Elizabeth 's hair . ramona ( cont 'd ) why should we have to split anything when we can have it all ? fade to : int . ramona's brand new escalade - night February , 2013 . ramona sit behind the wheel , she face light by a iPad , destiny beside she , look out the passenger window , anxious . they be park outside of a upscale HOTEL . they be both in fur coat . ramona I think I be gonna buy this . 71 . destiny look at ramona . she 's zoom in on a pair of gucci shoe . destiny turn back out the window . destiny what 's take she so long ? ramona relax , she 's a pro . int . upscale HOTEL - moment later dawn ( 20 ) come teeter out of a room in she heel , talk to herself . she hurry down the hall . dawn 3427 , 3427 , 3427 , 3427 ... she try not to get distract by the apartment number as she make she way to the elevator . hard to tell if she 's dumb or on drug . she press down . the door open . she step in . int . elevator - continuous she look at the number . tries not to get distract . dawn 3427 , 3427 , 3427 ... a woman ( 60 ) get in the elevator , on she cell phone . woman on cell we could meet at 5 or 6 ... no , 6 be good ... you want 5 ? Dawn plug she ear , mumble . the door close . int . ramona's new escalade - continuous ramona I be gonna fuck buy this . ramona swipe she finger across the screen . destiny look at she . we push in on destiny 's face ... and hear a ding ! int . HOTEL lobby - continuous the elevator open . Dawn hurry away from the woman ... dawn 3427 , 3427 , 3427 ... 72 . int . ramona's new escalade - continuous Dawn run up to destiny 's window , credit card in hand . dawn 3427 . Dawn be obviously dumb and on drug . destiny give she a furious look . pull out she cell . int . ramona's new apartment - night ramona pace . destiny sit at the table , bounce she leg . ramona where the fuck be they ? destiny annabelle 's feel gross out lately . ramona and what about mercede ? be she feel gross out ? we can not keep give they they cut if they be gonna disappear for week on end . we need a bigger crew . ( pull out phone ) I be call Coco . destiny no . she 's a cokehead . ramona what about Crystal ? destiny she just get out of jail . ramona trixie ? destiny she 's still in jail . ramona . quit ... bring home stray . we be break the law here ! we do not want to work with criminal ! CUT to : 73. int . destiny 's house - the interview destiny explain she logic to Elizabeth . destiny it 's like if we be a team and we be make money and win game , be you gonna suddenly start trading player and bring in new people ? but do she listen ? back to : int . ramona 's new apartment - night destiny walk in to see ramona with she arm around Dawn . ramona dorothy , this be Dawn . destiny take one look at dawn and hate she rotten gut . dawn Hiiiiiii . cue : the four season 's '' Dawn ( go away ) '' begin to play in destiny 's head . it continue over ... CUT to : later the girl be all get ready together for the night out . destiny look across the room at ramona play with Dawn 's hair . we push in on they . we push in on destiny . ramona as soon as I see she I say , please , you be gorgeous , you must join we . and she say ... tell ‘em what you say , Dawn . they . destiny . dawn I say ... what , be it a cult ? they laugh . destiny do not . ramona it be a cult , be not it ? destiny ( v.o. ) but the real problem be ... ramona have absolutely zero business sense . 74 . int . financial district bar - night destiny ( v.o. ) look what happen with Victor . Dawn slip too much powder into victor 's ( 40s ) drink . destiny ( v.o. ) he be good - look , have money , not a genius , not a pervert . that 's the quadruple - threat right there . int . ramona's new escalade - past park . ramona on she cell in the driver 's seat , Victor 's card in hand . ramona what 's my credit limit again ? fifty thousand ? she turn to destiny . destiny shake she head . ramona ( cont 'd ) let 's do it for the full fifty . destiny we will never see he again . ramona who care . destiny ( v.o. ) that 's the problem with ramona . I see the forest . she see the fifty thousand dollar tree . int . ramona's new apartment - night ramona scroll through she phone . look frustrated . destiny ( v.o. ) she burn through we regular . which leave we with unpredictable stranger ... pre -lap , a door-bell ... 75 . int . rich man' house - night the door open . destiny be on the front porch . mercede be cry in the doorway , wear vintage swimona . destiny where be he ? mercede out back . mercede follow destiny out back to see -- ext . rich man 's house - continuous a naked man face down on the concrete , unconscious , bleed from he head ... a foot away from the pool . destiny what happen ? mercede he say he could dive off the roof and I say he could not . destiny look up . then down . destiny .+. you be right . she go to he and feel for a pulse . thank god. destiny ( cont 'd ) where 's Georgia ? mercede she take off . destiny where the fuck 's ramona ? this be she client ... mercede I could not get a hold of she . destiny goddamn it . alright , get he leg . mercede be he dead ? destiny not yet . 76 . mercede ( cry harder ) we be not gonna kill he , be we ? destiny no ! we be gonna take he to the hospital . help I get he ... destiny and mercede peel he off the ground . ext . rich man 's house - moment later they carry the bleed man toward destiny 's escalade and we see annabelle in the passenger seat . she turn to see they . annabelle oh no no no no ... destiny get the door . annabelle climb out , open the back door , throw up . annabelle I be sorry ... destiny call ramona . and do not stop until you reach she . destiny and mercede fold he body into the back -seat . int . destiny 's escalade - later destiny drive , annabelle beside she , cover she mouth . mercede be in back , the naked man lean against she , unconscious . destiny have she texted back ? annabelle shake she head , try not to vomit . mercede see a cop car at the next light . mercede slow down ... destiny see it too . slow down . just then , the naked man open he eye . he turn to mercede . mercede ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ -- 77 . annabelle turn to see he and start scream . mercede jump , startle , accidentally elbow the man in the face . he 's out cold again . the three woman look straight ahead . wait for the light to change . we do not see the cop 's face . it take too long . finally , a green light . the cop car pull ahead . destiny slowly hit the gas . annabelle throw up on herself . int . destiny 's escalade - later they pull up to the emergency drop - off at the hospital . mercede where be we gonna put he ? destiny we be gonna take he inside . mercede I think we be gonna leave he . destiny we can not leave he . mercede I be not go inside . destiny mercede , this be a business ... mercede open the car door and run away in she bathing suit . destiny ( cont 'd ) mercede ! destiny call after , but mercede 's bare foot be go . destiny turn to annabelle in the passenger seat . useless . destiny hop out of the car and go around back , drag the unconscious , naked man out . a security guard see she , call for the medic who come run out to help . destiny fake -sob . destiny ( cont 'd ) my husband ... my husband ... the medic take over as she wail . she look at annabelle slump over . then , reluctantly help annabelle out of the car . 78 . destiny ( cont 'd ) my sister ... my sister ... ext . hospital - later destiny pace outside , cover in blood , cell phone to she ear . the sound of ringing . then : ramona's voice hi this be ramona ... please leave you name and number and where we meet and I will get right back to you . destiny bitch ! int . destiny 's escalade - morning destiny tear into the driveway , screech to a stop . she run out of the car , engine run , race out , still in last night 's clothes , and inside -- int . destiny 's house - continuous she burst through the door . destiny lily ? lily ? she hurry through the house . her daughter 's room be empty . destiny ( cont 'd ) lily ?? she run back down the hall to the kitchen where she find a note . she race out of the house to -- ext . destiny 's neighbor be house - moment later destiny bang on the door . a well-dressed woman ( 30 ) answer the door hold lily . well-dressed woman there 's mommy ... lily you be late . 79 . well-dressed woman the baby -sitter say she have to go home but we have ourselves a fun sleepover , do not we ? lily yeah ! destiny reach out for lily , hurriedly take she in she arm . the woman look at destiny 's clothes , concerned . destiny yeah , thanks , c’mon , lily . well-dressed woman .«.. do you want I to take she ? destiny I get she , Amy , thanks . destiny rush off in she heel with lily . int . destiny 's escalade - later destiny pull up at the school drop-off , get out of the car and suddenly realize what she look like . she open the back door , help lily out of she car-seat . lily be not you gonna walk I ? ext . school - continuous destiny hold lily 's hand as they quickly make they way up to the school . a few other parent look at destiny . her five - inch heel . last night 's clothes . parent ( 0.s. ) be that blood ? the walk seem to take forever . they finally reach the door . destiny okay have a good day ... destiny lead lily inside , then turn and walk all the way back to she car , everyone watch , the sound of she heel . destiny ( v.o. ) where be ramona when I need she ? 80 . ext . NYC precinct - same time ramona be bail Dawn out of jail . int . destiny 's escalade - later in the school lot , destiny get in she park car , cover in blood . she look down to see she cell ringing , ramona . destiny answer , furious tear in she eye . destiny do not ever call I again . ramona ( through phone ) baby ... destiny hang up . and start she car . ext . destiny 's grandmother' house - later destiny pull she escalade in front . she shuffles up the step . open the front door . int . destiny 's grandmother 's house - continuous destiny walk in to see she grandmother sit in she chair . destiny stop . she know immediately that she grandmother be dead . destiny brace herself in the doorway . ext . cemetery - day destiny bury she grandmother , she daughter sit next to she . the priest be speak when someone walk up and take the empty seat next to destiny . destiny look over to see ... ramona . wearing black . she reach out for destiny 's hand . destiny lean into she , tear roll down she face . ramona put she arm around she , they head on top of each other . ramona I be sorry I be not there , baby . destiny sob in ramona 's arm . ext . cemetery - later juliet and lily run around in the grass . ramona and destiny be still sit in the same spot . 81 . destiny I do not want to go home . ramona do you and lily wanna stay with we ? destiny slowly nod yes . ramona ( cont 'd ) I be suppose to meet someone . if you want to join I . destiny know what this mean . ramona ( cont 'd ) take you mind off thing . ( then ) no pressure . ( then ) but if you need the money ... we hold on they for awhile . destiny ( v.o. ) I know it have to stop ... CUT to : int . destiny 's house - day the interview continue . destiny I keep think there be this magic number , that if I could save enough money , I could start clean . I and lily . maybe a score so big , we would not need anybody . elizabeth be that what happen with Doug [ bleep ]? destiny look up at Elizabeth . destiny uh ... I do not remember a Doug [ bleep ] . elizabeth ramona say ... 82 . destiny well , she 's a liar . she will say anything to make herself sound better . what have she say about I ? I be sure she have a lot to say . what do she tell you ? Elizabeth look at she . take a long pause . proceed slowly . elizabeth she say you have a tough time grow up . that you spend a lot of time alone . that you get in fight and ... have some bad boyfriend . destiny what else . elizabeth she say you parent be immigrant . and that after you father leave , you mother drop you off at you grandparent ... destiny get lose in the memory . flash to : ext . destiny 's grandmother' house - 1989 mom 's car drive away from US and disappear over the hill back to : elizabeth ++. and never come back . destiny stare off . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) be that true ? destiny nod yes , still lose in the think . destiny I think maybe she be take a break ... that maybe mom just need a break . the tear fall , but destiny wipe they away . destiny ( cont 'd ) why would she tell you all that ? 83. elizabeth I think she want I to understand that ... for you it be not about revenge . you be just try to make friend . destiny can not look at Elizabeth . the tear keep fall . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) destiny . I know I be suppose to think that what you do be terrible and that this man do not deserve it , but ... the truth be ... I do not feel that sorry for they . destiny wipe she tear away . nod she head . destiny I feel sorry for they . ( then ) I keep have this nightmare . where I be in the back -seat of a move car ... and then I realize that nobody 's drive the car ... and like I have to climb in the front seat and try to get hold of the wheel but like ... I can not get a grip on it and I can not stop it no matter what and ... then I wake up . destiny look up at Elizabeth . then reach out and push stop on the recorder . the sound drop out ... but it 's clear that destiny be end the interview . she ask Elizabeth to leave . escort she to the front door . Elizabeth walk out . the door shut on she . we stay with Elizabeth . int . elizabeth 's house - later no sound , as Elizabeth shuffles through the door , exhaust . she flop on the couch . a beat , then she stir , reacting to something . she reach for she bag . pull out she cell . destiny calling . Elizabeth answer . the SOUND return . destiny 's v.o. be now over the phone . destiny ( through phone ) ramona meet Doug year ago ... 84 . int . move - [ 2011 ] ramona , in she stripping day , give comfort and advice to a pale man ( 30 ) who be sit at the bar , hunch over . destiny ( v.o. ) his friend take he to the club to blow off some steam after a few devastating event that include ... CUT to : stock footage : suburban home destroyed by a hurricane destiny ( v.o. ) his house be levele by a hurricane ... int . conference room - day destiny ( v.o. ) «+. and separate from the mother of he young son . doug and he lawyer sit across from he wife and her lawyer . int . financial district bar - night [ 2013 ] destiny and Dawn be sit at a table with Doug . Dawn be sneaking coke , leave destiny and Doug in conversation . doug she never really want to have kid , you know ? so ... when we find out he be autistic , I think she just could not handle it , you know ? destiny look at he , sympathetically . destiny ( v.o. ) we talk about we kid . we talk about we exe . we have a heart to -- ramona drink ! ramona return with they drink . Doug take he drink . doug oh thank you . 85 . destiny watch Doug take a big sip . her hand almost reach out to stop he , but ... he swallow . elizabeth ( v.o. ) and then what happen ? the room goe quiet . elizabeth ( v.o. ) destiny ? destiny ?? close on destiny 's guilt-ridd face , as we ... CUT to : int . doug 's SMALL kitchen - day Doug now sit across from Elizabeth . recorder on the table . doug the room be ... round ? flash to : int . champagne room - fred' Pov doug there be a ... table ? he hand . barely visible . he put they down on the table . back to : int . doug's SMALL kitchen - day doug I could not feel my face . Elizabeth look at Doug . he can not even make eye contact . int . ramona's new apartment - day [ 2013 ] destiny be on she cell , Doug 's voice in she ear , cry . 86 . doug ( through the phone ) can you please just credit back my debit card ? my mortgage payment be on there ... destiny try to stay strong . destiny what be you talk about ? you have a good time . doug why be you do this to I ? ( she can not respond ) please I have nothing . I can not afford to not pay my mortgage . ( she can not respond ) my son . destiny ( almost inaudible ) --. I be sorry . ramona hang up the phone , destiny . we see ramona sit nearby . destiny do not hang up . ramona burst from she chair then go for the phone , try to get it out of destiny 's hand . the two of they fall to the ground . as they roll around , ramona grab at the phone ... ramona ( cont 'd ) if we . do not . do it. somebody . else . will . int . doug's SMALL kitchen - present day Doug talk to Elizabeth ... doug they max out my corporate card . so my company launch a internal investigation and I be fire . now , destiny sit in elizabeth 's place . face -to-face with doug . doug ( cont 'd ) when I finally get a new job , I be tell that my name have be report to a agency that track white - collar crime and I be fire again . 87 . chopin 's etude op. 25 , no. 11 ... int . cab - day destiny sit in the back -seat , look out the window at the city pass by . her eye be tired , worried , she mind racing . she turn ahead . and we be now in -- int . daisy 's mom 's car - day nobody be drive the car . we be in her nightmare . destiny panic . she climb into the front seat , she body heavy . she grab the wheel , try to turn it , but it do not work . the brake will not work . as destiny start to scream , we .... CUT to : int . NYC precinct - day a detective ( 40s ) sit at he desk blotting two slice of pizza on paper plate . his phone ring . he keep blotting the slice for awhile , then fumble with the oily napkin , shake they off into the trash can by he foot . he finally answer . detective precinct . doug ( through the phone ) yes hello I ... I go to a strip club and I be drugge and my credit card be run up . the detective hang up . then pick up the pizza and take a bite . after a moment , he phone ring again . he answer . detective precinct . doug ( through the phone ) I be drugge and I have proof . int . diner - another day Elizabeth interview the detective and another detective ( 5as ) . detective it be weird . 88 . detective # 2 it be real weird . if it be not for the tape I woulda be like '' dude you be fuck full of shit . '' int . doug be apartment - day close on a tape recorder play . Doug sit with member of the dea tactical - diversion squad , listen to the sound of Doug 's record tear . doug 's voice ( on tape ) please . I just want to know what happen to I . record Doug sob . one of the officer stifles a laugh . dawn 's voice ( on tape ) you be fleece , that 's all . doug 's voice ( on tape ) by who ? dawn 's voice ( on tape ) we be like a little gang . you be just a target . we just give you a sprinkle . the scene freeze . destiny ( v.0o . ) they never say who it be but I fuck know . int . interrogation room - day Dawn be drop in the seat , hand in cuff . immediately : dawn I ' 1l tell you everything . what do you want to know ? please I do not want to go back . i’1l do anything . the scene freeze . destiny ( v.o. ) the cop will not admit it , but this be exactly how it go down . 89 . int . HOTEL room - night Dawn open the door . destiny and ramona be in the hallway . audio : the scene be hear through the wire - tap on Dawn 's bra . dawn do you bring the drug ? ramona destiny shhhhh ... where be he ? dawn he 's in the bathroom ... they walk inside the suite . look around . dawn ( cont 'd ) I do not think he like I . I think one of you have to do it . destiny ( suspicious ) be you high ? ramona dawn give she a break . me? no! no , I ... I do not do that anymore . destiny look at Dawn , even more suspicious . a toilet flush . a guy ( 30 ) emerge from the bathroom to see the three of they . dawn ( cont 'd ) hey , this be my friend . this be ramona and -- destiny ronda . Dawn look at destiny . the guy look psyched . HOTEL guy well , alright ... dawn here why do not you sit down and we will fix you a drink ? c’mon girl you want to help I ? Dawn force he into a chair . ramona and destiny follow Dawn to the kitchenette / mini bar out of view . destiny take a vile out of she purse . Dawn pour a mini scotch into a glass . 90 . dawn ( cont 'd ) alright , now do it . destiny look at she . destiny well , go ‘head . nobody move . Dawn look at they , get frustrated . she grab the vile , dump it in the drink , walk it back to he . HOTEL guy oh thank you very much . the girl all go back to the live room , sit around the man as he take a sip . HOTEL guy ( cont 'd ) so ...how be this usually do ? int . ramona's new escalade - later ramona speed down the FDR . destiny be panic beside she , look back . destiny I be tell you it 's the same fuck car . ramona you be be paranoid . destiny I see the same fuck buick park outside the gansevoort . ramona that 's not a buick . destiny well whatever the fuck it be , it 's be follow we for twenty minute . can not you see ? Dawn be set we up back there . ramona Dawn ?? now I know you be paranoid . destiny you think Dawn would not sell you out to save herself ? ramona reach out to she . destiny smack she hand away . 91 . elizabeth ( v.o. ) so ? be there a sting ? int . diner - day the detective try to keep they poker face with Elizabeth . detective # 2 we ...can not comment on that ... at this time ... but what we can tell you be that the amount of people willing to talk to we be so small it be absurd . elizabeth why ? detective # 2 I guess man do not want to ... admit to what happen to they , you know ? to be victimize . by a woman . but then we find the architect . ext . CITY STREET corner - day the detective busy a newspaper from a vendor , about to walk away when he see the cover of the DAILY news . he pick it up and open it , search for a section . find it , read it , eye grow wider . detective ( v.o. ) the Connecticut architect who move say fail to pay a 135 thousand dollar bill he would rack up during four visit to the club . int . NYC precinct - later the detective show the article to the other detective . detective # 2 '' for a night of pleasure he can not even remember ... '' what a boob . int . NYC precinct - sargeant 's office - later the detective show the sergeant ( 60 ) . 92 . sergeant so the guy get drugge and then go back three more time ? guess he must have like it . they all share a hearty laugh . int . diner - day the two detective talk to Elizabeth . detective when you look at it out of context it seem like he 's make it up ... int . financial district bar / upstair restaurant - past we see annabelle with the handsy architect . annabelle a architect . whoa . int . NYC precinct - day the architect give a statement to a skeptical cop ( 5as ) . detective ( v.o . ) but when we put it together with Doug , it all add up ... int . financial district bar / upstair restaurant - past annabelle Peter , this be my sister ! we push in on annabelle as she look up at ramona , destiny , and mercede come to the rescue . detective # 2 ( v.0 ) it 's scary be not it ? int . diner - day Elizabeth look at the two detective . detective # 2 I mean we all get so spook ... none of we go to the club anymore . 93. Elizabeth write something down , stifles a smile . int . ramona's new apartment - day destiny put the DAILY news down in front of ramona , open to the architect article . ramona look at it . do not flinch . ramona good . maybe now he 'il pay he bill . ramona go back to filing she nail . destiny look at she . ghost white . terrify . destiny swallow . CUT to : black ext . CITY STREET - morning cue : lorde 's '' royal '' May 23 , 2013 . we follow the back of ramona 's head , as she walk down the sidewalk . she 's in athleisure , carry she gym bag . she wave to a neighbor . we follow ramona all the way to the corner store . she stop in front of a ATM , she back to the street . slide she card . get out $ 200 . no receipt . Cash in hand . turn around . the cop have she surround , they gun draw . they do not make a sound . ramona put she fist in the air . cop ( 0.s. ) hand where we can see ‘em ! ramona have great difficulty open she fist . she finally do . the money fly out of she hand and down the street . int . visiting room - morning mercede , dress up , visit her boyfriend ( 20 ) in prison . she squeeze he hand , a giant engagement ring on she finger . ext . prison - later the guard walk mercede outside . her heel click on the pavement . the gate open . a row of cop wait for she . she look at they . then look back at the prison . confused . 94 , int . annabelle 's apartment —- morning annabelle feed she cat , then sit with a cup of tea , in she pajamas . her cell buzze . it 's a text from destiny : run . there 's a knock at the door . annabelle look up . then burst from she seat . grab she cat . the door be kick in . annabelle try to climb out the fire escape but the cop grab she . the cat jump out of she arm . annabelle throw up . annabelle oh God , I be sorry ... the cop put she in hand - cuff , try to avoid the vomit . ext . destiny 's house - morning we follow the back of destiny 's head as she walk out she front door , hand in the air , surrender . ext . destiny 's house - moment later they put she in the back of a car . she see lily in the neighbor 's arm , watch she . destiny try to look strong . int . NYC precinct - later destiny join ramona , mercede and annabelle . they be like different exotic bird chirp in a cage . annabelle be cry , vomit on she shirt . the detective step up . detective ( 0.s. ) which one of you 's the ringleader ? destiny and ramona look at each other ... int . interrogation room - later the two detective walk ramona into the room . ramona this be unbelievable . you guy really be something , you know that ? do tony know about this ? detective # 2 sit down , miss vega . ramona sit . 95 . ramona we do not do anything wrong . this be crazy . tony would not let this happen . I be texting he . she pull out she phone . detective # 2 tony do not ... who give she she phone back ? int . interrogation room - later the two detective sit across from destiny . destiny look terrify . we push in on she face as we hear they voice . detective # 2 «+. think about you daughter . detective you be face felony charge here . you really want to go down for someone else ? detective # 2 you want lily to grow up without she mother ? detective you think this girl be you friend ? you think they be not gonna rat you out ? detective # 2 think about you daughter ... ext . NYC precinct - day ramona and destiny walk down the step of the precinct . destiny look daze , beat . ramona 's look at she phone , plotting , as they make they way down the sidewalk . ramona mercede x11 probably use Dragon 's lawyer , so you and I and annabelle should probably lawyer up . do we know any lawyer from the club ? that guy Jeremy . or maybe Anton ? destiny .+-. I take the deal . 96 . ramona stop . turn to she . ramona «+. you do ? destiny nod she head , start to cry . ramona look at she . and explode : ramona ( cont 'd ) have I teach you fuck nothing ? ramona pace . ramona ( cont 'd ) you stupid fuck idiot what the fuck be wrong with you ? ramona grab destiny by the shoulder and shake she . ramona ( cont 'd ) how could you do that ?? destiny -- lily . ramona stop . she look at destiny . ramona clenches she tooth , but she chin start to tremble . ramona shake she head . then pull destiny in by the shoulder . they hug each other , cry on each other 's shoulder . ramona motherhood 's a mental illness . ramona hold destiny in she arm . they know this be it for they . this be goodbye . destiny --. I be sorry . ramona shake she head . she squeeze destiny tight , angry tear on she cheek . ramona «+. we be fuck hurricane , be not we ? ramona pull away first . destiny 's arm be still reach out as ramona walk away from she . CUT to : black it be quiet . then ... a ringing phone take we to ... 97 . int . elizabeth 's house - day [ 2014 ] Elizabeth , now pregnant , answer she phone . in the background , a baby shower in progress . it 's a girl . elizabeth hello ? destiny ( 0.s. ) Elizabeth ... it 's destiny . elizabeth hey , destiny . how be you ? intercut with : int . destiny 's house - same destiny sit in she live room . her voice almost echoe from the emptiness . no sound except she jewelry . destiny good . really good . lily 's good . um ...we be move back to queen . but ... I have be make a ton of new friend . and I meet a man who 's help I get a job in pharmaceutical . be you still there ? elizabeth I be here , destiny . destiny well , I have be think about thing and ... maybe the reason we do what we do ? be cause hurt people hurt people . you know ? Elizabeth open a door to another room . destiny ( cont 'd ) have you talk to ramona lately ? elizabeth no ... just the one time . ( then ) have you ? destiny no ... destiny look across the room at she daughter play . 98 . destiny ( cont 'd ) can I ask you ... ( then ) what else do she say about I ? CUT to : int . clothing store office - the day of ramona's interview ramona sit across from Elizabeth , now in the manager 's chair . there 's a warmth between they . ramona have she big bag open on the desk . ramona ++. so I be live in the bronx at the time but I be see this guy who have this walk - up right next to where I stripped , so I be stay at he place like every night ... and then this one morning , I go back to my place and my front door be wide open and it just freak I out , you know ? that all my stuff , all my valuable stuff be in this place that I be not even sleep in ... so now I just carry everything with I all the time . ramona open up she bag and begin a show - and - tell . ramona ( cont 'd ) this be a patch from my grandpa 's uniform . he be in the navy . this be my grandma 's wedding band and this be my mother 's , see the three birthstone be I and my sister . Elizabeth look at she , endear . ramona ( cont 'd ) one life in Texas , the other one 's in Arizona . we try to get together once a year but it 's impossible with kid . do you have kid ? elizabeth not yet . ramona oh do not worry , you be young . you have amazing skin . everyone must tell you that . 99 . Elizabeth notice something in the bag . elizabeth be that you ? she point at a photo of a young girl . ramona laugh . ramona yeah , that 's I . a senior ask I to the prom . look how terrify . I like my dress though . ramona pull another photo out from behind it . little destiny . we recognize she sweet face . ramona ( cont 'd ) and that 's dorothy . be not she the cutest ? who could leave this baby ? ramona gaze lovingly at the photo of Little destiny . ramona ( cont 'd ) we use to say ... if only we have know each other back then ... you know ? maybe we could have ... be there for each other ... and maybe we whole life would have be different , you know ? she look at the two photo side - by-side . ramona at fifteen . destiny at five . ramona get they at the think . tear in she eye for the first time . she smile they away . ramona ( cont 'd ) maybe it have be the same . who know . I can not talk to she . but ... I still like to carry she with I . ramona put she childhood photo face - to- face with destiny 's childhood photo and slide they back in they place . back to : int . destiny 's house - day destiny hold the phone to she ear . a tear fall . flash of : destiny and ramona's friendship in reverse look at each other in jail 100 . Fighting each other on the floor holding hand at grandma 's funeral Dancing with the '' family '' at Christmas holding hand at the diner hugging each other again after the crash destiny try on ramona 's bathing suit ramona help destiny with the money in she boot destiny wrap in ramona 's fur coat , they head on top of each other . elizabeth ( v.o. ) you should give she a call , destiny . return to : int . destiny 's house - day destiny nod , wiping away the tear , and smile . destiny «+. yeah . CUT to : black destiny ple guilty to conspiracy , grand larceny and attempt assault in exchange for zero jail time . flash to : photo : outside the courthouse , destiny hide under her purse ramona serve five year probation . flash to : photo : ramona flip off the cameras outside of the courthouse CUT to : black mercede and annabelle be sentence to weekend in prison and be now on five year 's probation . 101 . int . move gentleman' club - night the world turn . another night in the club , the floor pack with man pay to watch the woman dance . as we witness the exchange , we hear a familiar voice ... ramona ( v.o. ) there 's really nothing I can say to make sense of what go down . but everybody 's hustling ... int . ramona 's office - the day of her interview ramona look just past we . ramona this city , this whole country be a strip club . you get people toss the money . and people do the dance . CUT to : black cue : Janet Jackson 's '' miss you much '' ... dj voice one last time everybody , let 's hear it for we girl ! int . ramona 's apartment - flashback the night of they first big score . destiny , ramona , mercede , and annabelle be celebrate together . Janet be play . they be line up in the live room . ramona 5-6-7- 8 . the four girl do choreograph move together , laugh , crack up , dance with each other , dance for themselves . CUT to : black