hyde park on hudson written by Richard Nelson int . daisy 's house bathroom . day . 1938 . a young woman in a white nightgown , Daisy , stand in front of the mirror over the sink , tooth brush stick in she mouth ; she have stop brush and look at she reflection . daisy vo back then , this be year ago , I could not afford secret . I just have chore . with toothbrush in mouth she move she hair around , try it one way , then another . int . daisy 's house aunt 's bedroom . day Daisy , dress , on she knee , help she elderly aunt pull she stocking up over she thick leg . daisy vo as a child , grow up , we have be rich . and then -- well , we be not . ext . daisy 's house porch . day . Daisy come out onto the porch follow by two scottie dog ; the screen door slam shut behind she . the dog start bark at the noise ; she ignore they . daisy vo and like most people during the Depression , I now live each day as it come , no longer expect anything . she carry a empty milk bottle ; with she foot -- she 's do this so many time before - she flip open the top lid of a white wooden box on the porch . she take out full milk bottle from the box , replace it with the empty one . int . daisy 's house kitchen . day . Daisy stir a pot of hot cereal on the stove , as she stare at the coffee percolate in the little glass bubble on the top of the coffee pot . daisy vo wait -- for nothing . the aunt , at the table , turn a page of a tired - look , well - thumbed and old magazine . int . daisy 's house hallway . day . the telephone in the hallway begin to ring ; and two scottie dog suddenly start bark . daisy vo and then ... the aunt look at Daisy , wonder who that could be ? int . daisy 's house hallway . day . Daisy answer the telephone . daisy ( into the phone ) hello ? yes . what ?? ( to the yapping dog ) sh-sh !! be quiet . ( into the phone ) sinus ? int . daisy 's house kitchen . day . Daisy take the pot off the stove and begin to serve they , she mind far away . the dog be yapping . daisy ( to the dog ) sh-sh ... aunt ( see she face ) do someone die ? daisy no . no one die ... int . daisy 's bedroom . day daisy rifle through clothes on hanger in she closet ; she take out a dress on a hanger , hold it up , look it over , put it back , and take out another . daisy vo I be not the first relative he mother call that day . maybe not even the tenth . int . daisy 's house , staircase / live room . day . Daisy descend the stair . she peek around the corner , and smile nervously at she aunt , sit in the live room . daisy I will not be long . as Daisy disappear , the aunt struggle to get herself up and out of she chair . ext . daisy 's house porch . day . a large car be park in front of the house ; a aide stand by the passenger door , and doff he hat to Daisy . ext . daisy 's house , car . day . once in , Daisy turn back toward the house , see she aunt peek out around the lace curtain in the window . the aunt nervously ' wave . 's Daisy smile nervously , and give a very faint wave back . daisy vo but I be around . the car begin to drive off . int . car . day . the car drive down a long tree -line driveway . Daisy sit in the backseat , she hand nicely fold on she lap . she stare straight ahead . daisy vo his mother say he need someone to take he mind off he work . why she think I could do that , I have no idea . daisy ( after a nervous sigh , to the driver ) we be fifth -- or sixth cousin . depend on how you count ... driver / aide I suppose he 's related to half of everybody up here . ( look at she through the mirror , reach into he pocket ) cigarette ? daisy no . no , I do not . thanks . aide put he cigarettes away . she look out the window . daisy vo I figure I have spend the afternoon there , and after have thoroughly bored he to death , go quietly back to my quiet life . ext . driveway . continuous . the car pull up in front of a mansion , springwood . other car and a few military vehicle be park along the drive . a few car drive off , other be arrive - this seem to be a busy place . int . hallway . day . a aide lead Daisy down the hallway which be full of people work , sit at make - shift desk , speak in hushed and important - sounding voice . other be type ... aide 3 be speak on the telephone in french . Daisy have to step over the phone cable that run across the floor . no one pay any attention to she . daisy vo but that 's not what happen . a door open down the hall and a man come out with a piece of paper and practically run down the hall . Daisy have to get out of he way . the aide lead she by the arm now . aide he 's not be feel well . sinuse . Daisy nod , she know this . aide seem to happen every time , the second he come home . they reach a impose door , and the aide knock , wait , then open the door . aide Mr. President ? the aide guide Daisy into the study . daisy be hesitant . int . study . day . franklin D. roosevelt sit behind he desk , turn away , lose in deep even profound think . daisy enter , and the door be close behind she . all the bustle of the hallway be go . all we can hear be the tic of the clock on the mantelpiece . she stand , self - conscious . he continue to concentrate . the warm glow of the desk isolate he . lose in some other world , he take off he glass , rub he eye , a lonely sigh -- unaware that anyone be watch this rare peek into the toll he office take . she nervously wait for he to notice she . then she ' cough . ' Franklin swivel he chair around and see she ; at first he do not recognize she . franklin Daisy . what a rare treat . I hope my mother do not force this on you . daisy she say everyone else be away . franklin do she ? she should not have say that . how nice to see you . how long have it be ? daisy oh , year . the dow 's wedding , sir . in rhinebeck ? franklin oh , be you there ? daisy where would you like I to sit ? franklin there 's tea ... I think there 's still tea . will you ..? she go and pour tea for herself . Franklin open a desk drawer , take out a flask . before he can pour , he touch he forehead , close he eye , reach for he handkerchief and blow he nose -- painfully . Daisy watch all of this with interest . he then pour liquor into he tea . franklin I can do this because my mother 's not here . he laugh . she do not believe in sinus medicine ... he look at she , then decide not to offer , and put the flask back in the drawer . franklin ( sip he tea ) that 's better . do you collect stamp , Daisy ? daisy I - do not . he reach across he desk and pick up a large stamp album and a magnify glass . franklin come and look at this ... she politely go to the desk , look for a chair , find one , and bring it to in front of the desk , where Franklin , magnify glass in hand , have begin look over he stamp . he hand she the magnify glass . Daisy ' study 's the stamp through the magnify glass -- there be stamp of rich color and exotic and distant place and people . she turn the page -- and the stamp on this page be of people of today -- General franco ; josef stalin ; haile selassie of ethiopia ; mussolini of Italy and so forth . daisy I suppose you have meet pretty much everyone of this ... she look closely at a stamp of Hitler through the magnify glass . franklin not every one . not yet . daisy they're -- fascinating . the door open and a secretary , missy , enter without knock . she carry a file . on see Daisy : missy Excuse I , I should have knock . she set a paper in front of he . as he sign , missy briefly look over Daisy who be pretend to look at the stamp . franklin ( as he skim the letter , to missy , incredulous ) I actually write this ? ( missy just wait , then to Daisy ) my cross , Daisy , be that I be too nice . ( to missy ) but -- we need the Senator 's vote . do not we ? why can not politician just be honest ? ( he smile at Daisy , then as he sign , explain Daisy to missy ) my cousin . missy ' smile 's at she , and Daisy smile back . as she continue to ' study ' the stamp , she hear the door close and missy leave . then she notice Franklin look at she . she turn to a page of the album . Franklin lean over and look . franklin that be from Africa . she slowly turn the page . they say that 's the high waterfall in the world . she turn another page and stop --. Daisy look at the stamp , then look at he , smile . she turn the page and look at a stamp . daisy ( seriously and proper ) I understand Africa can get very hot . she look at he . she make he smile . franklin very hot , Daisy . when see he smile , she like this -- she 's do what she 's suppose to be do . she turn the page . Franklin once again press he finger to he forehead -- relieving the sinuse . she watch he , concerned . daisy would you like I to go ? franklin no. please . I would not . Franklin sip he spike tea , light a cigarette -- both of which make he feel better for a moment , and so he turn he attention back to enjoy watch Daisy look at the stamp album . daisy ( point out a stamp ) this one 's pretty . I would like to go there . franklin where be that ? daisy well . to be honest , I have like to go almost anywhere . this make he laugh . daisy vo the President spend a lot of time that spring in hyde park-on-hudson . ext . driveway / front of house . day . President Roosevelt 's motorcade be arrive . a flurry of excitement , as aide hurry out of they car before they have even stop , and rush to go and set up . daisy vo in Europe there would certainly be another war , one we would be drag into , whether we like it or not . Franklin smile in the passenger seat of a limousine , as he mother and servant come out to greet he . daisy vo here at home , he say , everyone be just shouting at each other . Daisy stand under a tree , at a distance , watch all the excitement of he arrival . daisy vo so the President spend a awful lot of time that spring in hyde Park on Hudson . he say -- I help he forget --. Daisy wave to Franklin . daisy vo -- ' the weight of world 's . int . study . day a microphone be be set up on Franklin 's desk by technician as he look over a speech . Franklin 's mother straighten she son 's tie , smooth he hair , fuss with he collar -- still take care of she boy . franklin ( a joke to the technician ) will someone please tell she -- it 's radio ? the technician laugh . mother keep fussing . daisy vo his mother say he have run the whole country from here if he could . a crowd have form in the open doorway to listen to he speech . daisy vo but he could not . not with how thing be -- so many people out of work . 10 . aide quiet please ... franklin I think that mean you , mother . int . kitchen . day . a radio be on in the kitchen : frankline voice ( on the radio ) but I know many of you have lose you job or have see you friend or member of you family lose they job . in the kitchen five or six servant stand , pay rapt attention to the radio broadcast . daisy 's vo . everyone scared . no one know what be go to happen . int . hallway . day . we move out of the kitchen and through the live room where military man sit listen to a large radio . frankline voice ( on the radio ) and I do not propose that the government shall pretend not to see this thing . int . live room / study . day . we move down the hallway and Franklin 's voice on the radio get fainter and fainter until we reach a group of staff and servant in the study 's doorway and through this craning neck and bob head we see Franklin give the chat into the microphone : franklin but I conceive the first duty of government be to protect the economic welfare of all the people in all section and in all group ... 11 . daisy vo and everyone look to he . Daisy sit in a corner arm chair , magnify glass in hand , look at stamp , while listen to Franklin make he broadcast . ext . lawn . day in front of the house , the President sit in a chair on the step as a local german - american brass band ( lederhosen , etc. ) under a banner ( " hyde Park german - american friendship Society '' ) play for he . daisy vo and even here he could not get completely away . they all want something from he . the local labor union , the hyde Park chamber of commerce , the german - american friendship Band . he catch sight of Daisy in the crowd of servant and staff watch the band from the driveway . daisy vo and all he want -- be to relax . he smile , and wink at she . int . frankline car . day . Franklin drive . he push a button on a small contraption and a light cigarette appear as if by magic . Daisy be with he in the passenger seat . daisy vo that spring I learn to smoke . Daisy take the light cigarette out of the contraption ; start to hand it to Franklin , but impulsively take a puff first herself , then smile , she give the cigarette to he . ext . country road . day another day . they drive down a country road through a wood , where tree be be lumber . follow behind they be a State trooper car . 12 . daisy vo each time he come home , he have telephone and ask : Daisy where would you like to go today ? and I would always answer -- ' anywhere . 's ext . hilly road . day another day . the car climb the hill with the police car right behind . daisy vo his wife , he say , do not like to take drive . I learn the name of bird and tree I have see my whole life . we drive along country road , up hill , through wood , through field . ext . field . day the two car drive through a field . daisy vo he would have the car build so it could be drive with just the hand . int . frankline car . day Franklin brake with he hand , then , use only he hand -- accelerate . Daisy in the front seat watch he hand closely . then she turn and look back at the police car behind . daisy vo a Police car always follow just behind . ext . country road . day a Police car follow Franklin 's car . daisy vo that be , until one day ... 13 . int . frankline car . day Franklin drive the car up a very bumpy road . Franklin have he leave arm out the window , and with he leave hand he be gesture behind he -- wave the police escort away . Daisy do not see this . Daisy turn and look back , where she see the police car pull off the road and turn around . she turn back to Franklin as he drive . daisy where 's the police car go ? ext . bumpy path . day . Franklin maneuver the car up a steep dirt road in the wood . the car shake from the bump . franklin oh , they do not follow all the time . sometimes they have to go and catch a crook or something , I suppose . he laugh . Daisy laugh . the car continue up through the wood and come to a slow stop on the hillside overlook the valley . int . frankline car . day Franklin turn off the engine . for a moment there be only the sound of the bird and the wind . daisy what a lovely spot . we have not be here before . franklin no . I have be save this . daisy what a beautiful view . as she look off , he lean over and turn on the car radio . daisy I like this song . 14 . as the song play , Franklin smile one of he big smile at Daisy , then dispense a light cigarette from the little machine . he puff . the cigarette smoke curl out of the car as they listen . Daisy be lose in the song , in the view , in the swirl smoke , she hum along with the song . then she notice that Franklin be look at she ; he take she hand in he . he she put she hand on he thigh . and leave it there . Daisy look down at she hand on Franklin 's thigh . she look at he , look out the window , smoking . he take she hand , and put it on he groin . she hesitates , then begin to unbutton he trousers ; check to see if he object or if this be what he want . he just look off , smoking . then without look , he help by unbuckle he belt . from the perspective of the backseat , it soon become clear that she be rub he , masturbate he . he close he eye , bite he lip , as he look off into the wood . and after a moment of this , it be clear that he come . pause . Daisy do not know what to do . she look at he ; he begin to button up he trousers , buckle he belt . she look away into the wood , not sure whether to be embarrassed or not . Franklin finish buttone and try to hand she he pocket handkerchief . she do not notice at first ; she mind racing . he touch she knee , which startles she ; she see the offer handkerchief , and take it . daisy I be sorry . I be sorry . I be -- franklin I be the one who should apologize ... with he handkerchief , she begin to wipe she dress and she hand . franklin should we go back ? 15 . Daisy nod , as she wipe . daisy vo I know , even without he say anything that we be now -- not just fifth cousin -- but very good friend . he turn off the car radio and a telephone ring . int . daisy 's house hallway / kitchen . day . Daisy be on the telephone , giggle like a schoolgirl , unconsciously play she hair , smile , transfix by the phone conversation . daisy ( into the phone ) as soon as I can get away . ( she laugh . ) she hang up and as she fix she hair she go into the kitchen . the moment she enter the kitchen , she stop preen . here she aunt sit at the table ; a good-size lunch finish in front of she . Daisy start to pick up she aunt 's dish and take they to the sink . aunt who be that ? daisy the President wish to see I . ( and this answer everything ) and he 's the President . aunt look at she . Daisy begin to wash the dish . daisy he wish to show I a new -- stamp . Daisy wash a pot . ext . daisy 's house porch . day . daisy run out of the door , the screen door slamm behind she , and she hurry into she own car and begin to drive off . 19 16 . daisy vo and so time pass . time measure now in Franklin 's visit home . int . frankline car . day . Franklin 's car as he drive it back up a very narrow , steep and bumpy road . Daisy be at he side . she look back . they be alone . daisy look at that -- the police have leave we alone yet again . ext . a hillside . day . daisy they seem to have a sixth sense about that . franklin they do , do not they ? ext . dirt road . day . the car come up a steep incline , it be shaking and bounce through rut , and over rock . Daisy look at Franklin , smile , as she bounce , hold on . he reach down and put the car into first gear and drive a little farther up . the road get even narrower , tree limb bang against the windshield . daisy where be we go ? ext . top cottage . day . and there , suddenly reveal , hide from the road be a_ 19 stone cottage . she look at he , confuse : what be this ? he stop the car , and turn off the engine . daisy it 's lovely . they sit in the car look at the cottage . 17 . franklin I have it build . it 's where I 'il retire . i’1ll write that detective book I be always talk about . she look at he and nod . franklin go look around . she get out of the car , and go toward the house ; she can not believe she eye . Franklin 's car door open and first one and then the second leg be lift out , hold tight by leg brace . ext . top cottage . day . Daisy run excitedly through the cottage , open the slide glass door and burst out onto the porch . daisy it 's heaven !! Franklin have make it to the porch . he look off across the valley : franklin I have be think , Daisy ... he hesitates . daisy what ? ( no response ) what have you be think ? franklin that I .. I have like to -- . to share with you -- this . she stand across the porch from he , watch he . franklin when I have to be away ... you know I have to be away . he turn to she , she nod . franklin should you ever miss I ...? she look at he . 18 . franklin you think you might miss I ? she smile -- of course she will . franklin ( teasing she ) well , if you ever do -- daisy ( interrupt ) do you ever miss I ? he look at she , then : franklin I always do . ( about the house ) a place to come . and be alone . ( he smile at she ) and miss I ... she look at he lovingly . Franklin just smile . she clumsily hug he , which nearly knock he over ; she grab he as he totter ; he just keep smile at she . fade to black caption : one year later continuous steadicam .int . study / hallway / live room / hallway / kitchen . day Daisy , in Franklin 's study , pull out a drawer of the desk , fumble through some papers , and take out a small bottle of aspirin . daisy vo by now everyone be use to I . I be the cousin who 's always visit . no one ever even ask I why that be . she open the door to the live room where she find Franklin 's mother , with Tommy qualter , a copy of scribner magazine in she hand . around they , staff be clean and move furniture , flower , etc . mother have he read this ? 19 . qualter I believe he have . mother ( read from the magazine , as she move toward the hallway with Daisy and qualter ) " if one could choose , from all possible british personality , the two who might make the best impression upon Americans -- King George and Queen Elizabeth would not even make the short list . " ( she look up , outrage ) how dare they talk about royalty like this ! the hallway be pack and buzzing with tide of servant and tradesman carry flower and various package . everyone seem busy and in a hurry . daisy vo no King of England have ever visit America before . but now he be come -- to hyde Park on Hudson . we move off , follow maid 2 who hurry towards the Kitchen clutching a large vase , take we into the ' backstage 's area of the house which be also teeming with activity . maid 2 almost collide with maid 1 who be rush towards the dining room . we follow maid 1 who nervously approach mother , who by now have reach the dining room . maid 1 Mrs Roosevelt , we appear not to have enough plate . mother what ?? daisy vo Franklin warn we , today , stay out of mother 's way . maid 1 we do not have enough plate . someone miscount . mother you tell I this now ? mother 's English butler now hurry in . 20 . butler Mrs astor have call again . mother Mrs astor . she will have plate . we will borrow hers . ( mother start to head off towards the Kitchen ) on second think -- we will ask she cook . Mrs astor be so rich , she do not know what she have . the butler hesitates -- this be all too much for he -- then he straighten he coat and we follow he as he head off into the hallway , where two black servant , Nelson and Thomas , have enter from outside , carry they bag , and dress in they travel clothes . the butler stop and stare at they . thomas ( to the butler ) good morning . the butler look they up and down . nelson could you tell we which way 's the kitchen ? the butler ignore they question and head off at speed towards the Kitchen to protest they presence . we follow the butler into the Kitchen where there be a chaotic scene of preparation for that evening 's dinner . dish be prepare , vegetable cut , pot boil , with cook and cook 's helper work at double-speed . mother be inspect a vast and ornate dessert . a female cook stand next to she , wait for the verdict . mother good. good . but be ' good 's the best we can do ? they be royalty . maid 1 be hold the kitchen telephone . with she hand over the receiver , she call to mother : maid 1 we can borrow the plate , mar ’am ! mother thank God for rich neighbor . 21 . maid 2 appear out of breath . mother ( to maid 2 ) what be it ? maid 2 they room be ready , mar ’am . mother ( she head off to check on they room ) ) the poor dear be go to be exhaust . Daisy stand at the sink , she take a water glass off of a shelf , and turn on the tap . cook ( wiping the perspiration from she brow , to a scullery maid ) ' poor dear . 's maid 2 exhausted my arse . butler I would watch what I say , if I be you . the butler follow mother out of the Kitchen . maid 2 stick she tongue out at the depart butler . the cook then clear she throat and gesture to maid 2 , that Daisy be stand right there . maid 2 then turn to Daisy , and smile . Daisy , fill the glass at the sink , ' smile 's back and then leave via the back door towards the lawn . daisy vo the only quiet place leave to work be outside . ext . lawn . day . Daisy , water glass and pill bottle in hand , head across the lawn toward Franklin and missy who sit together at a healthy distance from all of the chaos of the house . 22 . pile of papers and file surround Franklin who be just finish the article in the magazine as Daisy reach the phone on a very long lead be on the ground next to he . franklin missy , have you see this ? missy scribner 's ? not this month . he hand she the magazine to read . missy ( see the glass and pill ) what be that for ? daisy he have a headache . missy ( to Franklin ) you do ? daisy his sinuse again . happens this time every year . missy I know that . Daisy hand Franklin the glass and a couple of aspirin . missy ( to Franklin ) you do not say anything about a headache . daisy he 's not go to trouble you with everything , missy . you have enough on you plate . missy what do that mean ? aide 2 have bring Franklin a few message , which he open and read as : franklin it mean -- you take very good care of I , missy . ( then ) I mean you both do . ( more ) mm. 23 . franklin ( cont would ) ( to the aide , about the message ) I ' 1ll call in the morning . they -- can wait . can not they ? aide 2 they can , sir . aide 2 head back as qualter now reach they , have cross the lawn from the house . qualter they have leave New York . estimate time of arrival : 6 pm . franklin good . both Daisy and missy be listen now . qualter the State Police be predict crowd of up to three hundred thousand along they route here . daisy ( to Franklin ) you be smile . franklin I be . it mean a lot -- that they be welcome . it say something . qualter I think you would appreciate that , sir . daisy ( to Franklin ) and what do it say ? franklin that maybe , Daisy , they visit will be a success . and that be very important . he suddenly look at she and smile . franklin to show the whole world that we be the best of friend . qualter have start to head back , stop . 24 . qualter and in each town , as the royal drive through , we be ringing church bell . franklin excellent . ( then shout to he as he go ) set up the drink tray in the library . qualter hearing this look pain . missy be this something you have address with you mother ? franklin I be try not to address it with my mother , which be why I be ask he to do it . int . a upstair bathroom . day a plumber be on he knee install a new toilet seat . Franklin 's mother stand over he watch everything he do . he finish the last screw , look to mother : plumber Real rosewood . still get the smell . mother be that why it cost so much ? he smell the toilet seat . rub he hand around it -- show off its smoothness . a couple of Maids stand in the doorway watch , as mother hesitates then lean down and open and close the seat a few time to test it out . int . study . day qualter be set up a drink tray . the door be open and a severe look woman , Eleanor , stop in the doorway . she just look at what be be set up . qualter I be just do what I be tell . 25 . we notice maid 1 in the corner clean the curtain . they look at she , and she hurry out . eleanor ( about the maid leave and the drink tray ) so much for you little secret ... int . live room . day . Eleanor come out of the study and head down the hallway , only to pass Franklin 's mother , who be furious , on she way to the study , maid 1 right behind she . mother and Eleanor look at each other : eleanor good morning , mother . mother good morning . mother reach the study door , and go in without knock . mother' voice we be not go to serve the King of England - a cocktail !! the maid , see Eleanor listen , close the door to the study . ext . lawn . day missy continue to read the magazine . Franklin be finish correct a speech . franklin ( to aide 1 ) Mike , read this over the phone to Harry . if he think it sound all right have he hand it personally to the speaker . aide 1 I will , sir . he hand he the speech . missy look to Daisy who be lose in think , and just stare at Franklin . Eleanor join they with a tray of coffee . 26 . eleanor who would like coffee ? ( to Franklin , as she pour coffee ) you mother have now tell I for the tenth time -- not to call she Royal highness -- Elizabeth . missy she 's tell I that too . ( turn to Daisy ) Daisy ? Daisy ? hello ? anyone home in there ? daisy ( come to ) what ?? oh yes . she tell I that too . eleanor ( to Franklin ) I tell she who do she think I be ? franklin ( to Eleanor ) I think she know . missy ( to Daisy ) you be just stare at the President . daisy I be not . I be not. ( to missy ) what do you want ? missy Eleanor 's just bring out fresh coffee . she be ask if you would like any . she 's stare again . daisy what ?? I be not . eleanor she 's blush . leave she alone , missy . my husband life for the ador eye of young woman . we all know this . she smile . 27 . franklin ( ' joke 's ) let 's change the subject , shall we ? eleanor do not tell I you be embarrassed . that day , I would like to see . franklin I do not say I be embarrassed . missy Daisy 's blush again . Daisy be very lose now , and as she look from one to the other . eleanor what be she think ? what 's go on in that mind ? franklin what be they do ? he have look off and we see what he be see : three large tractor with mower attach be idling in a row across the lawn . aide 2 they have be tell to mow . they be wait for you to move . franklin why do not someone tell I this ? be they just go to sit there ? they start pick thing up . Daisy stand and start to push Franklin . as they head off : eleanor ( new subject , to Franklin ) hick call . for this morning 's Royal visit to the World 's Fair -- you will not believe this -- she would be order to produce five thousand child overnight . franklin what ? why ? eleanor as buffer for hold back the crowd . 28 . franklin no . eleanor Children . she could not believe it . Police say that 's what they would do in Washington and Canada . put the kid between the King and Queen and the crowd . the girl scout refuse outright --. missy good for they . eleanor they say they girl have take a awful beat in DC ! laughter from the group as they get set to head off . eleanor so she finally get some Boy scout ! more laughter . eleanor but when they be push , they push back ! start something like ten fist fight ! missy poor hick . eleanor when she finally get back to she office , she kick off she shoe , open she window and shout out : ' God damn the King and Queen ! '' all laugh hard . franklin maybe we will be say the same thing tomorrow ! more laugh . Daisy , ' laugh ' , watch Eleanor laugh with abandon . daisy vo ' hick 's be short for lorena hickock . one of that friend of Eleanor 's Franklin call - -- ' she man . 's 29 . Eleanor push Franklin in he wheelchair across the lawn . as Daisy follow , watch Eleanor : daisy vo people say they marriage be troubled and unhappy . that they live mostly separate life . Daisy watch Franklin reach and pat Eleanor 's hand as she push he . daisy vo but I never see that . that 's now how they seem when they be together . Eleanor have say something that have make Franklin laugh again . they clearly know how to make each other laugh . int . stable . day . missy and Eleanor now sit together , and drink the coffee that Eleanor bring . it 's dark inside , with shaft of light through the crack in the wood . Daisy be with the woman , but she keep look over at Franklin who sit alone , a single light bulb on overhead as he continue to work on papers . a aide stand with he . missy be still read the magazine : missy ( read from article ) " a large part of the country still believe that Edward , Duke of Windsor , be the rightful owner of the british throne -- eleanor '' Throne ? 's ' king and duke . 's it all sound like the Middle Ages . there be a knock on the door . they woman look at each other -- be it Mrs. Roosevelt look for they ? franklin ( without look up ) be it my mother ? missy see who it be , Daisy . Daisy go and peek through the crack . 30 . daisy ( back to Franklin ) Tommy . Franklin nod , and Daisy open the door and qualter sneak in , Daisy close the door behind he . missy ( still read the article , have look up ) a very chasten - look Tommy . eleanor as he should be . he be on he way to set up a drink tray in the library . franklin really ? eleanor ( to Franklin ) do you tell he to do that ? franklin I do not and missy be my witness . qualter stand next to Franklin . qualter mind if I sit in here with you ? franklin gotten a little warm inside ? he sit on a nearby bench . qualter you mother -- well , she 's very much in control . the woman listen to this . franklin ( as he work ) what 's all this I hear about a drink tray ? qualter look to Eleanor , then : 31 . qualter I have be tell that my idea of set one out be not a very consider one ... ext . stable . day . aide 1 be run a phone line from the house to the stable . other aide now come in and out of the door . int . stable . day . Inside the stable , it 's become almost a office ; there be the papers and file that have be with Franklin on the lawn . franklin ( as he work ) I be tell this King do not even want the job . Franklin 's engagement get the woman 's attention . daisy really ? franklin I be tell he 's -- quiet . even a little -- shy . Franklin rub he eye . eleanor we must remind ourselves that this king and queen or whatever -- be no better than we . they be just people . franklin I read that in you column , Eleanor . he be rub he eye again . eleanor be you all right ? you look in pain . missy ( to Eleanor , explain , as she continue to ' read 's the magazine ) he have a sinus infection . 32 . daisy he get they -- this time of year . missy he often get they around this time of year . eleanor ( with irony which Daisy do not catch ) oh do he ? I do not know that . franklin I take a aspirin . aide 1 run the phone line enter . aide 1 they just leave beacon . franklin so it will not be too long . he look at the woman . franklin ( continue with Eleanor ) and -- Eleanor , we must also remind ourselves that they be also we guest ; and deserve to be treat with the utmost dignity and respect . int . limousine . day outside the car , through close window , the sound of church bell toll and cheer crowd . daisy vo and all the while the King and Queen be get closer . bertie , the king of england , be bent over in the backseat , hide from the crowd and starve ; he be try to unobtrusively look through a bag on the car floor . bertie it appear there be also potato salad . bertie continue to rummage in the bag on the floor look to see what food have be pack for he . 33 . elizabeth , the queen of england , be sit next to she husband in the backseat . Elizabeth be just finish read the scribner 's magazine article . elizabeth will you sit up . what be you do down there ? bertie I be starve . there 's only a rather odd cheese . the bread have funny little seed . I be still pick they out . he take another bite of potato salad and then , mouth full and chew , he turn and look out the window and smile , with mouth close , as he wave to the crowd . the cheer and the bell toll continue . bertie who re-re-read this magazine anyway ? and where do we get it ? he lean forward and speak to a embassy official cameron , who be in the front passenger seat . who give it to I ? cameron I do not know , sir . someone at the University , I suspect . bertie it be you - you job --! elizabeth listen to this . bertie Elizabeth -- elizabeth ( she read from scribner 's ) " Queen Elizabeth ... too plump of figure ... " bertie ( to himself ) oh god . Elizabeth be close to tear . 34 . bertie do not cry , dear . please do not . elizabeth I would not give they the satisfaction . they wave royally . int . stable . day . Eleanor be read the article and try not to laugh . a aide have enter with a tray of sandwich and a pitcher of lemonade . as missy and Eleanor choose sandwich . Daisy still soothes the horse , and feed it straw . eleanor Franklin , why do not we just come out and say it ? franklin say what , Eleanor ? eleanor they be here with they hand out . the room be still . eleanor I mean , please -- what century be this ? ( to everyone in the stable ) ) why do we care what a ' king 's or ' queen 's think about we ? Daisy have watch closely ; still patting the horse . eleanor hick say I should get a month of column out of this weekend . she smile . franklin ( without look up ) ) Eleanor ... eleanor hick say this King hate he brother . there 's a column there . ( more ) 35 . eleanor ( cont would ) one of that medieval rivalry -- who wear the crown ? I tell you , they be live in the middle age ! missy his brother 's meet with Hitler . eleanor there 's a column there too . and this be the family we be have to we home for the weekend . franklin Eleanor , you do not even live here . eleanor I be stay the night . I tell you mother I would do that . Daisy be petting a horse and listen . she chime in : daisy I think the brother give up be king so he could marry the woman he love . Franklin look up to take a peek at this conversation . eleanor Daisy , have you ever meet a man who would do that ? Franklin go back to he work . eleanor cont 'd ( continue , to missy ) hick say she think the brother might be positioning himself to be the savior of the monarchy , once England have be defeat and the fascist have take over . franklin he 's young , Eleanor this get the woman 's attention . ( as he work ) so be she . they be both young . the horse Daisy be petting whinny ; missy turn to Daisy and put she finger to she mouth . Daisy then do the same to the horse . 36 . franklin cont ’d ( look up ) now let 's give they a break . can we ? eleanor ( ' innocently 's ) be you say that to I ? Daisy and missy closely watch this husband and wife exchange . franklin I be say it to all of we . int . limousine . day . Elizabeth be look at she arm . bertie how 's the sunburn ? elizabeth I do not have sunburn . bertie it be terribly hot . and there be not any shade . elizabeth I be not sunburn . bertie ( to cameron ) why do not she have any ointment ? elizabeth I do not need any ointment . cameron turn around from the passenger seat . cameron should we talk through the itinerary , sir ? elizabeth you be not go to get ill ? cameron sorry ? elizabeth lean backwards like that , in the car . 37 . cameron I will be fine . elizabeth bertie get ill when he look back in a move car . bertie I have not for a long time -- elizabeth that 's because you be now always in the backseat . still I make sure he keep look forward . I teach he to do that . bertie I f-feel fine . elizabeth because you be look forward . bertie perhaps we should stop and meet some people . would not that be a good idea ? cameron ( confuse ) but ... we have just leave ... we be almost there . I do not think there be any more town until ... he look to the driver who shake he head . cameron it 's just a country road now . bertie still ... elizabeth he want a cigarette . bertie ( look at he watch ) we do not want to be e-e -e-arly . elizabeth no . no we do not . oh God no . bertie and I would like to meet some Americans . 38 . ext . roadside . day . the entourage of limousine and police car have pull over . the roadside be desert . there be a stone wall and a field behind that . the King and Queen be out of the car . he smoke , look around . other mill around not know what to do . a farmer on a tractor drive by harvest wheat . the King smile and wave . the farmer stare at he and drive past . the Queen look out at the empty field and the tractor . elizabeth ( about the Farmer ) do not he want to meet you ? bertie he 's busy . the King smoke . Queen watch he . elizabeth ( quietly , under she breath ) I know how important this be . you be not go to let the side down . do not worry . he look at she . elizabeth that be what I have be tell myself too . bertie turn to cameron . bertie you start to say about the weekend 's itinerary . cameron ( take out he notebook ) you will be stay in the Roosevelt house . adjoin room . in fact , it be the President 's mother 's house , and she will officially be you hostess . a car go by . bertie wave . elizabeth where be the President 's house ? 39 . cameron this be where he life . when he 's not in Washington . bertie with he m-m-mother ? he do not have a house ? cameron he have a room . elizabeth and he wife ? cameron she life in another house . hers . bertie and he do not --? cameron which she share with other -- woman . who make furniture . elizabeth I be sorry ? bertie have finish he cigarette , he light another one . cameron Furniture . they make it . build it . they be couple . they be the sort who like each other . elizabeth and the President 's wife life with they ? cameron yes . the farmer on the tractor drive by again , a little closer this time . bertie smile and wave . the farmer just stare at he and drive past , plow . bertie where be this furniture factory -house ? cameron about a mile away from the mother 's house . 40 . elizabeth I see . I think it be a good thing we change we mind and do not bring lilibet with we , bertie . it do not sound like the type of weekend where you bring the child . four or five curious cow , in the field across the road , come to the fence and watch . bertie watch they and smile and then wave . bertie ( to Elizabeth ) cow . we have cow . cameron the ambassador 's wife , after have visit hyde Park ... elizabeth why do they call it that ? cameron what ? elizabeth hyde Park ? that 's in London . it 's confusing to I . cameron I do not know . we ambassador 's wife write - and I think you need to hear this . she write after stay a night with the roosevelt in they home ( he read ) " it be a dismal house , extremely badly run , and most uncomfortable . " bertie watch the farmer on the tractor drive by one more time , unsmile . the cow stare and moo at he . ext . gate -house . day . the King and Queen 's motorcade turn into the drive on the Roosevelt home . ext . drive . day . the motorcade drive down the tree-line drive . 41 . daisy vo half of he cabinet have be against the visit . the country , they say , be in no position to take side in another european War . ext . front of house . day . the motorcade approach the house . Franklin be on the front step , sit in a chair . daisy vo so Franklin invite they here to the country , where , out of the spotlight , we could all relax and just be ourselves . ext . front of house . day . the car stop and the King and Queen be help out of they car and walk up the step and greet the smile President , then he mother , Eleanor , and other who be around he . ext . front of house / int . hallway . day . the King and Queen be show into the house . all go in except for Franklin . as soon as the King and Queen be in , qualter lift up Franklin and quickly carry he in he arm around the side of the house . ext . front of house . day . daisy be at distance watch . daisy vo look back , I now see how important this day be , to they , to we , to the world . and of course -- as it turn out , to I . ext . front of house / int . hallway . day . King and Queen be look around , obviously comment on how nice the house be , although we hear none of this . they notice through the side window , Franklin be carry by . they pretend to ignore it . 42 . ext . side of house . day . Franklin be carry through a back door into the live room . int . hallway / live room . day . in the hallway , the royal be wait . elizabeth oh , what lovely ship . a shelf of model ship in the corner . mother my son build they when he be a boy . elizabeth how very clever . ( to bertie ) be not that clever ? bertie t-t-terribly clever . as Eleanor point out some stuff bird : eleanor he also do the bird ... as a boy . they all try and look ' interested 's at the bird . eleanor until the taxidermy smell make he ill . he will tell you about it . elizabeth I shall look forward to that . the door to the live room open and they be show in to greet a already seat and smile Franklin . int . elizabeth 's bedroom . day . a bedroom do in chintz where Eleanor be show Elizabeth where she will be stay . awkward pause . they hollow footstep on the hard wood floor . elizabeth charm . eleanor hopefully not too small . 43. Elizabeth just ' smile . ' she go to the window and look out . elizabeth look at that view . you must tell I about everything . Eleanor follow she to the window . they both look out at the field . eleanor ( point ) that 's -- the field . elizabeth ( nodd ) we have field just like that . eleanor ( point ) that hill -- lead down to the river . the awkwardness have get painful . they have nothing to say to each other . elizabeth so that 's where they go . a creak of the floor make Eleanor turn around . Daisy be in the doorway . eleanor Daisy ? what be you do ? daisy what do you mean ? eleanor you be just stand in the doorway . daisy I come to see if I could be any ... they just look at she . Daisy turn to Eleanor expect a introduction , but Eleanor just look at she , so Daisy very self - consciously try a curtsey which she do not quite pull off and then she hurry out of the room . Eleanor turn back to Elizabeth who be look over the bed now . eleanor do you mind if I call you -- Elizabeth ? Elizabeth be stunne , but try not to show it . elizabeth no. no. ( then ) so this be the bed -- you mention . eleanor yes . that be they . elizabeth how clever of this woman to decide to be carpenter . int . upstair landing . day . 44 , Daisy clearly be the only person not busy , with nothing to do . qualter and cameron , carry he briefcase , be head up the stair toward she . as they meet : qualter what be you do skulking around up here ? daisy ( smile ) you know I , I be always skulking . she laugh . qualter Mr. cameron 's with the embassy -- this be Daisy . cameron ( as he shake she hand ) how do you do ? daisy show the gentleman he room ? cameron Daisy - -? ( to qualter ) ) I do not recall a ' Daisy ' on tonight 's dinner list . qualter oh Daisy 's not a guest . she 's --. what be you , Daisy ? 45 . daisy I be part of the furniture . the man laugh at the joke , and continue down the hall ; she smile and start down the hallway as mother come out of the King 's bedroom ; Daisy step out of she way . daisy be there anything I can help with , Mrs Roosevelt ? mother ( hold she chest ) oh , Daisy . you startle I . she hurry along . Daisy , with nothing to do , slowly walk down the hall . int . study . day . Daisy knock on a door , do not wait for a ' come in ' and open the door to Franklin 's study . Franklin be at he desk , a drink tray in front of he , which he be carefully arrange . Daisy close the door -- she be obviously very comfortable come in and out of Franklin 's study . franklin be my wife behave herself ? daisy yes ! franklin have my mother calm down ? daisy she 's fine ! franklin it 's like a madhouse . daisy do not worry . all quiet on the upstairs front . she throw herself into a big soft chair and put she foot up . she be very relaxed here . she watch he as he begin to mix and then shake the drink . daisy he 's definitely young than I would imagine . for a King , you know .... 46 . franklin be he ... daisy and they both seem nervous . that surprised I . franklin ( shaking the drink ) without some help from we , Daisy -- there soon might not be a England -- to be King of . so I would be nervous too . she watch he shake the cocktail . franklin so many of we countryman seem to dislike England now . but who better than two such fine young people to maybe change all that . anyway , that 's why they be here . think about this , he shake a little too long . he now notice what he have be do , stop , open the shaker , and the drink spill . franklin damn it . Daisy be surprised by this show of temper and nerve . Franklin start to clean up . Daisy get up and help he . daisy let I do it . he sit back and light a cigarette as she clean up the tray in front of he . daisy ( as she clean up ) they seem very nice people . Franklin smile and let she clean up the rest ; she be very near he ; as he watch she : franklin later tonight , after the dinner and all that be over , what do you say , you and I get out of here ? go someplace quiet . I think I 'il need that . 47 . daisy ( as she clean ) well -- I think I be free. ( smile ) she be very close to he ; she look up , kiss he sweetly on the cheek , pat he head gently . daisy it 's go to be a big , big success . and she continue to clean up the spill . int . pink bedroom . day . a bedroom do in pink where bertie have just open a small travel liquor cabinet and be beginning to make himself a drink , though he attention be on a series of picture on the wall . he turn when he hear a creak . it be Elizabeth . they be both already dress for the dinner . bertie oh -- it 's you . elizabeth we share a bath . ( she have come through they share bathroom . ) bertie so I be t-t-told . elizabeth so we do not have to go through the ... bertie yes . he take a sip of he drink . elizabeth what be you look at when I come in ? bertie this print . ( he get closer to they . ) I just tell the President 's mother how humorous I find they . Elizabeth be look closely at they . 48. elizabeth what be they of --? bertie british soldier . the 1812 war. cartoon actually . mock they . we . he take a bigger sip . elizabeth they put you in a room with --? bertie the mother try to apologize . I tell she I find they funny . ( he finish he drink ) she say she try to remove they , but she son insisted . elizabeth why would he do that ? what be he try to say ? bertie I do not know . he bend over the cabinet and begin to pour himself another . I do not know . he know this be important . he know why we be here . elizabeth May I have a drink too ? she look at the picture on the wall , as he pour she a drink . how many have you have ? bertie the mother just leave . he hand she the drink . bertie cheer . she apologize for everything . for Eleanor m-m-mostly . and for the hot dog . elizabeth hot dog ? what be you talk about , bertie ? 49 . bertie it appear that at the picnic tomorrow - elizabeth there 's a picnic tomorrow ? bertie in we honour . elizabeth you hate picnic . bertie at the picnic , the President 's wife have organize that hot dog be serve as we main dish . I gather she 's even publicize this in the column she write . they sip they drink , lose in think , then : elizabeth be they try to make fun of we ? bertie I d-d - do not kn-kn-know . what do you think ? int . live room / study . day . Light knock on the door , then qualter peek he head in . qualter his majesty will be down shortly . Franklin nod and sip he drink . be that a drink tray , sir ? Franklin do not answer . qualter and Daisy share a look of ' what 's go to happen ? 's int . pink bedroom . day . the King and Queen , with drink in they hand . Elizabeth be once again stare at the picture / cartoon on the wall . elizabeth this be revolting . they make we seamen look like monkey . ( more ) elizabeth ( cont would ) I can not believe he think this would make you laugh , bertie . bertie I 'laugh ' . elizabeth they be try to make we seem -- common . you brother would never have stand for this . I be sorry , but he would not . bertie I th-th - think if we j-j- just ignore the- the-these --. elizabeth please , stop stutter ! ( pause . they both sip then ) I be sorry . I be very sorry . I do not mean it , bertie . I think I have a headache . my face feel hot . I be sorry . bertie it 's the sunburn . elizabeth I should not have say .. I do not mean ... bertie I be not my brother . elizabeth thank God for that . bertie and you be not the d-d-duchess of Windsor . you be better than that . pause . elizabeth I just hate to see you ... bertie see I ...? elizabeth laughed at . she look back at the picture , and sip , then : 51 . how do you eat a hot dog ? bertie I believe with you hand . int . live room / study . day . door open and maid 1 ( Mary ) enter with a full tea tray . she carry the tray to Franklin 's desk -- stop when she see the drink tray already there . she hesitates , then set she tray beside the other . franklin ( smile ) you be not go to tell anyone , be you , Mary ? maid 1 not a soul , sir . daisy vo Mary , we all know , be mother 's spy . mother have they too . the maid go . int . pink bedroom . day bertie and Elizabeth sit on he bed , drink . elizabeth there be in my room -- leave there -- I be sure so I could not help but see it -- a copy of that magazine with the article . bertie I see . elizabeth who would have leave it ? bertie maybe a m-m-maid . they look irish . except for the one who look jewish . we be not home . elizabeth no. bertie I - I - I would leave it untouched . another drink ? elizabeth why not ? the drink cabinet be now on the bed with they . make another drink . bertie the President seem ...? elizabeth what ? bertie that be a question . I be ask you . elizabeth I can not tell yet . he hand she the drink . bertie it be peculiar -- be greet on the s-s-teps . then ushere in -- and , di-di-did you see through the window ? do you follow that ? elizabeth I do . bertie we be tell he could walk with a cane . elizabeth he have two cane . bertie they seem to be mostly for show . int . live room . day . now it be mother come through the live room , 52 . he start to and she open the door to Franklin 's study without even knock . daisy vo mother , who have a sixth sense for sniff out alcohol , be on the warpath . mother 's father have be a nasty drunk . 53 . int . study . day mother enter and Daisy suddenly stand up . Franklin just ' smile 's . mother be look at the drink tray . franklin be he come down ? mother what be that do in here ? she go and pick up the drink tray -- glass rattle . franklin leave it , mother . mother I think we agree . franklin that 's not true . mother I be not go to let the King and Queen of England see we -- franklin ( shout ) dammit , I say -- leave it !! Daisy , close the door . Daisy turn to close the door as Eleanor hurry in : eleanor what 's happen ? why be you shouting ? franklin Close the door , Daisy ! daisy should I stay ? franklin just close it . Daisy close the door and stay . mother he 's bring out the drink tray , eleanor. 54 . eleanor Franklin , you promise . franklin as I say to mother , that 's not true . mother maybe after dinner !! eleanor do not shout , mother . we have guest . int . live room . day . servant listen the hallway to the argument in the Study . mother' voice I know we have guest ! and I know who they be ! and my son be not go to serve they cocktail ! frankline voice they be my guest !! int . study . day . mother it 's my house !! eleanor you be the one who want we to live here . franklin Eleanor , do not --. mother give I the tray . eleanor ( to Franklin ) be not it true ? franklin no. yes. ( then ) I be the President !! eleanor stop this . please stop this !! 55 . int . pink bedroom . day . bertie and Elizabeth be still drink on the bed . bertie I have the programme for tomorrow 's ' event . ' he search in he jacket pocket . bertie it 's be print . here . he try to show she , she do not take it . she sip . elizabeth this be for the hot dog picnic ? bertie there will be entertainment as well . elizabeth perhaps I should be surprised . bertie ( look at the program ) Indians . elizabeth no . bertie Indians . ( read ) " ish - ti-opi . " elizabeth what ??? bertie he 's call here " the indian baritone . " so he 's go to sing . there 's " princess Te ata . " she be go to show we " the indian corn ceremony . " elizabeth oh god . bertie " accompany by kurkus pahitu on the tom-tom . " 56 . elizabeth there 's we incentive not to be hang - over . perhaps we only incentive . the ' tom -tom . ' ' hot dog . ' ' cartoon of british naval officer as monkey . ' knock on the door . bertie come in . cameron be at the door . cameron the President be wait for you in he study , you majesty . he say it be time for -- ' child 's hour . 's bertie be confuse . cameron ( explain ) drink . bertie nod , finish he drink and stand . bertie and the Queen ? cameron she 's be allow more time to relax . Elizabeth smile at bertie and sip she drink . bertie ( lean over and kiss she on the cheek , then sigh ) here we go ... he get up . int . study . day . the room be icy . Franklin sit behind he desk . Daisy stand in a corner . mother sit , a freeze expression on she face . Eleanor sit to one side , obviously unhappy . a knock on the door . the door open . qualter announce : qualter his majesty . 57 . bertie come into the room . mother immediately stand and curtsy . Daisy copy she . she look to Eleanor who just ' politely nod ' to bertie . franklin ( a big smile ) come in . come in , my friend . forgive I for not get up . Franklin hold out he hand . bertie go to the desk and shake hand . on the desk now be the drink tray and a tray for tea . bertie look at the compete trays . franklin Sir , my mother do not approve of cocktail . mother 's face be very stern . and think you might rather have a cup of tea . bertie look around the room , then at the compete trays : bertie m-m-my m-m-mother would have say the s-s-s-same thing . actually I - i-i - I - I prefer a-a-a- a ... the suspense build . Daisy hold she breath . the other look at each other , then finally ++. cocktail . Franklin laugh , the other follow and then bertie laugh pleased with he joke . as we watch Daisy who exhales , relieved that the King finally get it out . franklin voice ( as he begin to pour ) a man after my own heart ... Daisy start to sip she drink , then stop , when she see mother watch . int . kitchen . evening . the kitchen crowded with servant , cook , get the dinner ready . 58 . int . live room . evening . the guest for dinner have cocktail . bertie and the President be together - other listen intently as Franklin tell a joke : franklin so she say : ' I be so pleased to meet you , Mr. President , I have only meet three Americans . Joe Kennedy , j.p. Morgan , and Fred astaire . 's he pause for the punch line : franklin ( continue ) ' thank God , 's I say , ' you meet Mr. astaire , or what would you think of the rest of we ? 's the guest laugh . int . hallway / live room . evening . Elizabeth come down the hallway ; just before she enter the live room , she take a deep breath , put on she public face , and as she walk in there be a ' buzz . ' she and bertie share a look , she be nervous but act confident . guest curtsey , she shake they hand . mother introduce she . Eleanor greet the Queen , and be oblige to curtsey , which she do as perfunctorily as she can . bertie watch he wife ; Franklin get he attention back . int . study . evening . in the study doorway , peek into the live room be a few Maids -- and Daisy . the butler come up behind they and be tell they they should not be there . the Maids hurry off to work ; Daisy be suddenly alone . int . live room / hallway / dine room . evening . mother stand ringing a little bell -- for dinner . the guest start to pair off . all watch as the King go right up to mother , with he arm out : bertie Mrs. R-r-r-r-r-ro-ro ... 59 . mother ( take he arm ) I would love to , you majesty . and they lead the procession into the dining room where the table be beautifully set for approximately twenty . servant stand , mother be beam . right behind be Franklin who move painfully on he brace and stick . Elizabeth be ' pretend ' to hold onto he arm . on he other arm be qualter , unobtrusively , let Franklin hold on . franklin ( to Elizabeth , a joke ) we could have sell ticket to this dinner , and make ourselves a pile of money . she do not know what to make of this ; he wink at she , as they continue toward the dining room . ext . front of house . evening . up in the sky be a gorgeous full moon . even the chauffeur outside be divide by class tonight ; in one group , the permanent employee of the wealthy , and in another , five or six driver hire for this night . this driver talk and smoke among themselves under a tree by the driveway . the car be park along the drive . one of they notice the moon , and tap another on the shoulder . the conversation stop as they look at the moon . first driver ( he 's irish - american ) you think it 's full ? second driver I think it 's get another day . first driver I think it 's full . let 's see what Daisy think . for the first time we see Daisy sit on the front step of the house . . behind she the house be light up . from the open porch , a small military band be hear play " you for I . " she too be look up at the moon . the first driver leave the group and go up to she . 60 . first driver Daisy ? she be startle , have be lose in she thought . daisy oh hello , Dick . first driver you think it 's full tonight ? daisy what ? oh -- yes . that moon certainly be full . first driver ( shout back ) she say I be right ! daisy ( suddenly worried ) oh , I do not know you --. I could be wrong . I do not know for --. first driver do you need a ride home ? daisy me? no . no thank you . I have my car . I just .... such a important night . she stand up , notice the other driver from this group look at she . first driver be it ? I do not know . what 's one king more or less ? he still have to put he pants on one leg at a time . 2nd driver ( call ) do you curtsey for the Queen , Daisy ? daisy ( call back ) I certainly do , Tommy ! and I think I do it right . ( smile ) I do not fall down ! 61 . they laugh . the other group of official chauffeur ignore they . third driver how come you be not inside there , Daisy ? daisy I ? oh I do not belong in there . I be glad to see you work , Frank . third driver it 's just for the one night ... daisy well it 's something ... a maid come from around the house with food for the driver . the official chauffeur ignore this . the other line up to eat . Daisy watch this from a distance : first driver ( to maid , joke ) can I take some home for my dog ? FOURTH driver he do not have a dog . laughter at they situation . as Daisy wander off into the dark : maid 2 ( to one of the young chauffeur ) touch I there again , you will be wear it and not eat it ... laughter . ext . front / side of house . evening . we follow Daisy as she turn the corner of the house to the porch where the military band be finish play a song under string of festive light . a maid with a tray of snack have come out and wait . band leader Fifteen minute , gentleman . 62. and the band member stand , and circle the maid with the tray of food . int . dine room . evening Franklin sit next to the Queen ; he tap a spoon against he glass to get the table 's attention . franklin ( whisper to the Queen ) you will forgive I for not get up . ( raise he glass , to the table ) to his majesty , the King . suddenly all the guest stand -- chair push back . only Franklin and the royal remain seat . the guest all raise glass and repeat : guest to his majesty , the King . everyone drink . as the guest begin to sit , Franklin have a afterthought : franklin ( toast ) and to her majesty , the Queen ! the guest hesitate , some stand again immediately , some hesitate , and look among themselves -- what to do ; they all finally stand . cameron ( to Eleanor , next to he , as he stand ) actually , normally , we would not toast the Queen . and they drink . some repeat '' to her majesty , the Queen . '' some just say to '' the Queen . '' some say nothing or just ' welcome . '' during this confusion , the Queen , take aback by this afterthought , and what actually be be toast , drink as well . her drink to she own toast get the attention of Mrs astor , one of the guest . she turn to she neighbor . 63 . mrs . astor ( under she breath ) she drank to herself . ext . lawn . evening . Daisy still stand at a short distance from the house , look back . the house be light up and look magnificent , romantic , festive . the band again be play on the porch . she stand lose in she thought . she smoke a cigarette . missy'' voice shoot ! Daisy turn , there be missy lean over look at she shoe ; she have step in something . missy ( wiping she shoe ) that damn horse . and this be my best shoe . Daisy approach she , look down at she black and white shoe . daisy it 's not the horse 's fault --. missy ( try to clean she shoe ) I know . I know . you like they . I have be look for you . daisy do you need a handkerchief ? missy come here . Daisy come to missy who put she hand on Daisy 's shoulder to keep she balance as she clean the horse shit off she shoe . the band music continue from the porch . missy we see you out here --. daisy we ?? missy Franklin 's ask I to tell you that you could go home . ( more ) 64 . missy ( cont would ) he think he 's go to be occupy with the King all evening now . Daisy turn back toward the house , try to hide she disappointment . daisy of course he be ... int . hallway / dine room . evening . the soup course be about to be serve . a waiter hold a stopwatch at he side . a maid whisper : maid 2 what be you do with that ? waiter ( under he breath ) we have be tell the Queen be serve exactly 30 second after the King . the King be serve he soup , and the waiter start the stopwatch tick . suddenly we hear a enormous crash . a serve tray with a pile of plate have collapse , startling everyone . mother what happen ? maid 1 ( hold the King 's soup ) I do not know . no one touch it . bertie I su-su-suppose a angel just pass - a ve-ve -ry clumsy one . he smile at he joke . Franklin lead the laughter , and give bertie a big nodd smile . the King be very pleased with himself . mother be embarrassed but try not to show it . Franklin look to Eleanor who smile , and then nod she head ; she have appreciate the King 's sense of humor and grace . eleanor ( to cameron , about the King 's joke ) ) that be very good ... 65 . Maids 1 & 2 have quickly start to clean up . maid 2 ( to the other , explain the crash ) it 's the full moon . the maid 1 nod . mrs . astor ( to a neighbor ) I hope that be not mine . ( to cameron , another neighbor , explain ) she do not have enough plate . ext . lawn . evening . missy and Daisy sit on a bench , under a tree ; the house aglow in front of they , and the music . both look at the moon . both smoke . daisy she do not leave he alone . she do not let he relax . missy be that what he tell you ? daisy what ? missy do he talk about she with you , Daisy ? daisy with I ? why would he talk about he wife with I ? missy I do not know how he stand it . missy have finish she cigarette and toss it on the ground and stand . daisy stands what ? missy Eleanor 's always off to place . meeting . how he must miss it . Daisy toss she cigarette down and stand . 66 . daisy miss what ? missy start to head back to the house , Daisy right behind she . missy have a happy marry life together . daisy I do not think that be the President 's fault --. missy I be not say --. I think it pain he more than we can know -- not have a wife to care for he . as they head toward the brightly light house , we hear only they voice : daisy voice this morning she do not even know about he sinuse . missy voice do not she ? daisy voice she say she do not . it 's sort of like they have become just -- friend . just good friend . missy voice she be a_ busy woman . daisy voice she 's he wife ... int . dine room . evening . Franklin be tell the table the story of bertie be give the choice of tea or a highball . franklin '' my mother treat I in the exactly same way , Mr. President ... but I too prefer a cocktail . who would not ? '' great laughter ; bertie enjoy the attention and be smile , soaking it in . 67 . mother be not too keen about tell this story ; and Elizabeth be a bit surprised . but the table find it very funny . Eleanor especially be now laugh . maid 1 be whisper in mother 's ear . int . kitchen . evening . in the kitchen , Mr Johnson , mother 's English butler , stand in he coat , hold he hat . a aide be with he . johnson I apologize , madam . for the timing . aide 3 I have try to talk to he . johnson ( very stiff , very proper , very English ) madam , I simply cannot stand by and watch the King of my country be serve by .... negroes . for the first time we see the problem -- the two negro waiter , Nelson and Thomas , stand in the corner listen to this . mother Mr. Johnson , you be the best butler we have . I understand the situation . ( to aide ) be not there something we can do ? aide 3 they come with --. eleanor me. Eleanor , sense the problem , have follow they into the kitchen . eleanor Mr Thomas and Mr. Nelson be part of the White House staff . mother I realize that , Eleanor . what if we keep they in the kitchen ? 68 . eleanor mother , we be not go to hide they in the kitchen . mother Eleanor , why be you even involved in this ? eleanor you know we be bring help . you agree . mother I do not know they be -- they . johnson either they go , or I go , ma ‘’am . mother turn to Eleanor . eleanor they be not go anywhere . as long as I be here . ext . window . continuous Daisy and missy now at the window to the dining room , peek in . through the window -- the negro servant enter , mother and Eleanor behind they ; Eleanor smile to herself , triumphantly . we look around the table , Franklin laugh , bertie listen to someone on he right , etc . missy touch Daisy 's shoulder to move she along : missy do you need a ride home --? daisy ( still stare into the window ) no . along the house , the English butler , Johnson , bag in hand , be walk toward the front of the house and the road . Daisy stare into the window . daisy look at he . 69 . we see what she be look at : Franklin be now lean over the table tell a story -- everyone be enthralled , then all burst into laughter , include Eleanor . he be obviously in he element . daisy 's voice they love he . missy 's voice who do not . daisy I suppose I better go . missy I 'il walk you to you car . the two woman head around the house . daisy 's voice I can not help but keep think about the King 's brother give up he crown . for love . a real life Romeo and juliet . Franklin and I talk about it . missy 's voice do you ? and what do he say , Daisy ? daisy 's voice he say that sort of thing be very English . missy 's voice where 's you car ? int . dine room . evening a may carry in a tray of food , as she approach the King , she trip and the plate be flung right past the King . mother immediately look at one of the negro waiter , Thomas , who gesture that he do not do anything . the maid be horrify . silence . then : bertie nu-nu-number 2 ! laughter Eleanor enjoy this , as Maids go to clean up the mess . 2nd maid whisper to the lst , as if explain it all : 70 . maid 2 I tell you -- it 's the moon . ext . front of house . evening the full moon . the guest be all leave , come out of the house , say they good - by to mother . chauffeur and driver be line up with they car . one by one they owner get in , and be drive off down the tree-line lane . ext . lawn . evening . the military band be pack up they thing . int . hallway / live room . night . Franklin start to wheel he chair from the hallway into the live room . in the background , the final guest be leave . franklin let 's go to my study . we will be leave alone in there . unless you need to --. bertie no. no. Franklin stop . franklin would you mind push ? bertie get behind Franklin and push he into the live room . her majesty have go to bed ? bertie she have . and -- you wife ? franklin who know ? ( he laugh ) I be sure . int . study . night . bertie push Franklin in , Franklin gesture that he should close the door . 71 . franklin night cap ? mother 's go to bed . still sit in he wheelchair , he begin to make they drink . I be worried for she .... if one more thing go wrong ... smile , hand bertie a drink . ( about the drink ) ) they worry about I . my mother and Eleanor . both they father be nasty drunk . cheer . bertie cheer . they drink , bertie be look around the room . franklin do you collect stamp ? bertie I do . I have . I understand you be a serious stamp collector . perhaps , you would show I some of you stamp . franklin you can not be interested . bertie but I be --. franklin do not -- protest . thank you for the think , though . toast he . when I be a young man -- before my marriage of course -- I find that show one 's stamp be a very helpful way to get a young woman 's attention . bertie be it . franklin they have to sit close to you . share the magnify glass . 72 . he ' wink 's at bertie . and smile . but I suppose if you father 's the king ... who need stamp ? bertie sip he drink . the Queen be certainly a lovely woman . bertie look up at he . bertie as be the first lady . franklin she 's a -- ( choose he word carefully ) strong -- person ( smile ) some day you feel like you do not even want to get out of bed -- but then this woman , they will not let you do that , will they ? he look at bertie , who sip he drink and say : bertie no . franklin what do you do -- to be alone ? bertie look confuse . ( explain ) I have my stamp ... you need to give they ( gesture to that outside -- wherever ) a reason not to bother you . you can figure thing out in the quiet of you own head . I open up my stamp book and that tell everyone not to bother I . bertie nod . you be wonderful tonight , young man . bertie be take aback by this . 73 . bertie what do you mean ? franklin just what I say . you be graceful . you be confident . you be go to be a very fine king . I be sure of it . bertie I do not know what to say . franklin you father would be very proud . bertie ( ' smile 's ) I be not so certain about that . Franklin sip he drink , look right into bertie 's eye : franklin if I be you father , I have be proud . they sip they drink , bertie look around , think about what to say . he smile ; franklin cont ’d I know -- some man have a entire home as they castle , I only get a study . ( then ) but then you must have many many castle . bertie look at he . bertie the Queen -- she 's ... she worry so much . it 's be hard for she . franklin ( a fact ) woman worry . bertie I just stop listen to she sometimes . forget I say that . franklin forgotten . 74 . bertie take a fold up piece of paper out of he inside jacket pocket , and look at it . bertie ( explain ) I have be ask to say thing ... he look up and begin : bertie such a war as we now co - co - contemplate --. the carnage , look at s-s-s -spain . ch-child -- b-b - bomb . tha-tha - that 's what we can expect . it will b-b - be horrific . Beyond anything m-m-man have see . bertie take a sip , then look up at Franklin . bertie ( he try again ) and yet we know some of you countryman wi-wi-wi-sh my country i- i-i-i-ill ... and w- w- want we to fail . and want I to fail wi-th - th - th you ... ( he look away ) this god damn st-st-stutter ... he look back into he drink . franklin what stutter ? bertie be surprised by this , look closely at Franklin , then : franklin ( cont 'd ) this god damn polio . they look closely at each other . bertie ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think -- they des - deserve better than I . my -- ' subject . 's I be sorry . I do not know why - why I be say this to you . I be s-s-suppose to be try to convince you to help we . franklin let I confess something now to you . bertie look at he . 75 . franklin ( cont 'd ) as you have be so -- honest with I . no one -- ever mention to I that I can not move my leg . it 's never refer to . bertie be very intrigue by this . franklin ( cont 'd ) not by anyone . I use to think it be because they be embarrassed about it . Franklin start to stand up out of he wheelchair ; bertie stand to help , Franklin wave he off . as he head to he desk , move slowly on he brace , hold on to the back of chair . franklin ( cont ’d ) but now I think it 's because that 's not what they want to see . he sit at he desk , take a cigarette ( he reason for come to the desk ) , offer one to bertie as he talk . franklin ( cont 'd ) of course we ( gesture he and bertie ) think they ( gesture everyone out there ) see everything that we be . all we flaw . or transgression . or failure . but that be not what they be look to find when they look to we . and God help we if that ever change . they look at each other . think of the disappointment ... when they find out what we really be . ( smile ) sometimes it might make one feel a imposter ... he be lighting bertie 's cigarette now so they face be close . this last comment strike home for bertie . bertie ( unable to look up as he speak ) they do not want I as they king. 76 . franklin I do not know they vote for that in England . bertie smile . Franklin relax behind he desk . franklin ( cont ’d ) pretend at time to be someone we know we be not . Young man , that 's what I have learn it take to be a President . and I be go to hazard a guess that it take the same damn thing to be a king . he smile that big smile , smoking he cigarette . franklin I be think -- another drink ? int . live room / hallway . night . the live room be empty ; laughter be hear come from the Study . missy enter from the hallway , on she way to the study , have obviously be call . she stop when she see bertie , come out of the study , smile to himself . he quietly close the door behind he ; he appear to be a somewhat change man , at least for the moment -- a new spring in he step ; a satisfied smile . at first he do not notice missy . bertie ( after nearly bump into she ) pardon I ... missy sir. ( correct herself ) I mean , you highness . ( correct herself again ) you majesty ... she curtsey . he smile at she and she watch he head up the step , two at a time . 77 . int . elizabeth 's bedroom . night . bertie go through the bathroom , and gently push the door open to Elizabeth 's bedroom . Elizabeth asleep in bed . bertie stand for a moment , then ' cough . 's bertie you be still awake ? elizabeth mmmmmmm . bertie I think I will go to sleep . it 's late . elizabeth why be you smile ? be you drunk ? bertie no . he 's a very funny man . have some wonderful joke . elizabeth like what ? she sit up in bed . bertie ( hesitates , then ) I could not tell they to you . they be not mean for woman . elizabeth they sound very ' funny . ' bertie he like my storey too . concerned , she turn on bedside lamp . elizabeth what storey ? bertie I - i- I tell he about the coronation . about how they p-p - put the crown wrong way around . he laugh , she do not . and the step on my robe so I could not move . 78 . elizabeth you should not have tell he that . bertie why ? he laugh . elizabeth we do not make fun of ourselves . bertie that 's not true . elizabeth not here . of course he like that storey , they make we look like fool . bertie they make we look like people ! elizabeth do not be naive , bertie . bertie go and look out the window and again there be the full moon . bertie he make fun of himself too . he say at the picnic tomorrow -- elizabeth oh god that picnic . bertie ( sit on the bed , smile ) he say that the Indians -- they be Eleanor 's idea . " one of my- my - my wife 's crazy idea . " his mother be furious about it . Franklin 's just try to keep it short . elizabeth he talk about he wife like that to you ? I hope you do not talk about I to he . bertie I do not . I would not do that . we do not talk about you . ( then ) I ask he -- without mention you -- about this hot dog ? what 's that about ? you want to know what he say ? ( more ) 79 . bertie ( cont would ) ( she stare at he ) he say he do not get the fuss . they be just a good thing to eat ata picnic . there 's no ' meaning . ' nothing more . elizabeth you do not say I be concerned ? bertie no. elizabeth I be not sure I believe you --. bertie that 's not fair . elizabeth Three different woman tonight ask I if I think there could ever be a american queen . if we would ever ' allow ' that . bertie that be rude . elizabeth do you have a cigarette ? I have smoke all of mine . bertie that will not help you sleep . elizabeth I know . he give she a cigarette . thank you . a light ? he light she cigarette . he nod . elizabeth I never want this life . bertie I know . elizabeth it 's hard . 80. go to bed . I will be fine . she smoke . bertie if there 's a war -- and we know there will be -- he believe America could be persuade to help . elizabeth do you see some of the people here tonight ? hear they name ? they be from Germany . Italy . bertie they ancestor -- elizabeth they're irish . they be Jews . they hate we , bertie !! they want to see we fall on we face !! they want to laugh at we !! she start to cry . bertie I think you be wrong . I th- th - think we just need to be a little more confident . he get up off the bed and head back to he bedroom . Elizabeth be amaze , stunne by this new attitude ; she have never hear he talk like this before . bertie goodnight . I be not sure I can even sleep . ( turn back to she ) finally , he pat I on the knee and say , ' young ma- mar -man , it 's time for you to go to bed . " like a father , I suppose . he 's very happy that I be king . ( then one more thing ) when he retire , he 's go to write detective storey . I tell he I love detective storey . she just look at he . he 's build a cottage . he tell I I could come and stay anytime . I love detective storey . 81. he close the bathroom door behind he . int . pink bedroom . / ext . front of house . night bertie , in he pajamas now , sit in a chair in the corner and smoke in the dark . he get up and go to look at the War of 1812 , anti-british print on the wall , which be light only by the moonlight , one more time . he strike a match to take a closer look . when noise outside distract he and he shake out the match . he go to the window , pull back the curtain and look down below . from he perspective , we see a idling car -- have just be bring from the garage . a uniform officer wait . qualter and then missy come out of the house . qualter ( to missy ) do you want to drive ? without answer she go around to the driver 's seat ; qualter be tell the officer something . bertie watch this officer then hurry off . qualter get in and drive missy off . bertie watch the car go down the long drive ; he look up at the moon . he be about to leave the window when a second car be drive up by the Officer , this car be franklin' . suddenly the light in the room be turn on , startling bertie . elizabeth I think you be asleep . bertie ( whisper ) then why do you turn the light on ? outside a car be drive off . bertie look out the window . elizabeth who 's that ? bertie it 's Franklin . bertie go to the wall switch and turn the light off . 82 . elizabeth can we call home ? I want to speak with lilibet . bertie what ?? it 's --. look at the clock . elizabeth it 's morning there . she 's up . we know she 's up . they hear another car pull up outside . they look at each other , then both go to the window , pull back the curtain , and peek out : three women sit in a idling covertible , as Eleanor hurry from the house and get into the back seat ; there be muffle laughter / giggle from the woman . the King and Queen watch as they drive off : elizabeth who be they ? with Eleanor . bertie I be just guess now -- but : the one who make you bed ? elizabeth ( totally confuse ) Maids ? bertie the furniture maker . elizabeth oh . where do you think they be go , bertie ? bertie back to the furniture factory where they all live ? I be just guess . then : elizabeth I want to call home . 83. int . daisy 's bedroom . night Daisy , in a white nightgown , lie in she bed , she bedsheet twisted , unable to sleep , stare off toward the window and the full moon . she be restless , try to lie on a different side , then reach and turn on a little bedside lamp , and pick up a book to read . daisy vo no one could sleep that night . she impetuously jump out of bed , grab a sweater from a hook on the back of she bedroom door , and go out , quietly close the door behind she . we see for the first time , on the back of the door , visible only when close be a frame official portrait of President Roosevelt -- the kind they hang in post office . ext . daisy 's house porch . night . Daisy swing gently in the porch swing , push with she bare foot ; smoking , stare out into the night . the full moon look down upon she . suddenly she get up , quickly stubbing out she cigarette in the ashtray . she rush inside , then quickly stop and grab the screen door to keep it from slamm shut and make noise . ext . daisy 's house / int . daisy 's car . night . in her car , dress now , she sit in the dark ; only the reflection of the moon on the hood of the car ; she sigh a big sigh and release the brake and the car roll a little . only when it have roll a comfortable distance from the house do she turn on the engine and then the headlight . and she head off , the moon in front of she , it 's as if she be be pull by the moon . ext . pink bedroom . night . Elizabeth sit on the bed wait . bertie come in from the hallway in he robe . bertie they be put we through . phone in the room ring . Elizabeth answer it . 84 . elizabeth ( into phone ) yes . yes , put she on . ( short pause , then ) darling ! it 's mummy ! how be you ? I be sure it be . be Margaret with you ? tell she -- it 's still night here . she smile at bertie -- Margaret will get a kick out of hearing that , she think . but Margaret clearly do not understand this concept of time difference . tell she -- it 's night . it 's dark . the sun be not .... what be she say ? yes I know , it 's morning there . but it 's ... I be not try to scare she , dear . why be what I be say scary ? the sun will come up , tell she that , just not --. holding she hand over the phone , to bertie : she 's upset . she 's think .... I do not know what she think . listen . now lilibet 's cry too . he take the phone . bertie ( into phone ) hello , my lilibet ! tell you sister it 's because the world be round . it go around the sun so --. it --. ( to Elizabeth ) they be cry . ( what to do ? then into phone ) oh look , the sun have just come out . it be behind a cloud all this time . tell Margaret that we be sorry to have confuse she . that 's right . we be fine . we just want to say hello . lilibet ? lilibet ? ( to Elizabeth ) she 's go . ( then ) she rung off . 85 . int . daisy 's car / ext . the road near top cottage . night . Daisy drive along the main road ; she pull the car onto a patch of grass on the side of the road , and cut the engine . she get out and start to head into the wood . ext . wood . night . Daisy climb , light only by the moon . she seem to be in no rush to get anywhere -- rather enjoy the night , the magical moonlight , the mystery of the wood , the cry of owl , the bark and howling of distant dog . daisy vo if ever I miss he , there be a place he have build for I to come , and be alone , and miss he . ext . top cottage . night . she reach the top , she destination -- and there be top Cottage , dark and bath by the moon . ext / int . top cottage . night . Daisy sit on the porch where she have sit so often before with Franklin , and where she now sit look off at the distant hill . she light a cigarette and bath in the beauty of the evening . behind she , the house be dark ; light only , as be everything else , by the moon . suddenly through the glass door , we see a shadowy naked female figure scurry , then stop , seem to pick up something -- and for a instant we see she light , then the lighter be close and all we see be the glow of she cigarette . Daisy stare off , utterly oblivious to all of this . all of a sudden a flashlight shine in Daisy 's face , startling she , and make she jump up . man 's voice what the hell be you do here ? Daisy , try to calm herself from the shock , shade she eye and see : daisy Tommy ? what the hell be you do here ? 86 . qualter you should not be up here now . daisy why ? why not ? Daisy , still cover she eye . daisy can you get that out of my face , please ? he lower the flashlight and she see , light now by the flashlight , a pair of shoe on the ground -- woman 's black and white shoe -- missy 's . qualter you really should not be up here , Daisy . Daisy stare at the shoe . two bare foot appear beside the shoe in the light of the flashlight . it be missy . missy ( very friendly ) Daisy ! how nice to see you up here . ' Daisy look at missy , who be finish a last button ; then at she bare foot , then at the shoe . a door close in the house . she turn and look there , then , it all suddenly dawns on she . daisy oh my god ... oh my god ... she bolt for the wood . missy stop she ! qualter ( go after Daisy ) Daisy , stop ! do not go in --. ext . wood . night . Daisy hurry through the forest . 87 . qualter run after she , and immediately get catch in the bramble and trip , fall down . qualter fuck . fuck ... missy follow , still barefoot . missy ( as she head into the wood ) Daisy ! ouch . Daisy ! ext . wood . night . Daisy madly fight she way through a brush , then fall and begin slide , then roll down a steep hill . ext . wood . night . missy fight she way through the underbrush . missy ( call ) come on , Daisy ! what the hell be you do ? Daisy ! ext . wood . night . qualter be now slide down the same hill , hold onto limb and bush and he hurry down . ext . wood . night . Daisy lie on the ground ; she hear missy 's voice . missy 's voice Daisy ! come on , Daisy ! the voice be get closer . Daisy start to stand up , when out of the dark a hand grab she arm . qualter voice I have she ! Daisy suddenly bite the arm , push away qualter and plunge into the dark , only to fall again . qualter flashlight fall onto the trap Daisy . missy charge through the brush and hurry to the voice . 88 . qualter get up . get up , Daisy . you fuck bit I . what be wrong with you ? Daisy be cry , very upset , nearly hysterical . qualter I say get up . he pull she up , as missy appear . missy ( to Daisy ) it 's all right . it 's all right . I understand . just calm down now . qualter she fuck bit I . missy you will live . ( to Daisy ) take a deep breath . ( to qualter ) let go of she . let go ... qualter let go of Daisy . missy now , that 's better be not it ? now why be you so upset ? missy try to touch Daisy 's cheek . daisy do not touch I . missy what do you think happen ? missy be breathe heavily . she look at qualter then : ( desperate ) do you want to see the President ? for the first time Daisy look at she . he 's just up there . I think he have very much like to see you . missy pick some leave and pine needle out of she hair . look at you . we do not want he to see you like this , do we ? 89 . Daisy stare at she . Tommy , could I have you handkerchief ? he give she he handkerchief . she lick it and begin to clean Daisy 's face . as she clean , and as Daisy stare at she , no longer cry : missy this be a very important weekend for everyone . I would not want any of we to forget that . so we all need to be on we best behavior . do not we ? missy continue to fuss , pull out a leaf from Daisy 's tangle hair ... suddenly , Daisy push missy hard ; missy fall , and Daisy bolt again and again charge into the wood . missy ( on the ground ) Daisy !! get a hold of yourself ! stop this ! God damn it ! missy look at qualter . wind , she notice she nose be bleed . qualter do not look at I . I do not do anything . he start to head back toward the house . qualter fuck this , I be go to stay with the President . ext . wood . night . Daisy be run , desperate , cry ; she fight she way through the bush . she slip and fall , struggle and hurry to get up and throw herself , down the hill . anything to get away . she be a mess ; twig , leave in she hair ; she 's cut she leg , rip she dress . she run recklessly down the hill , trip , grab onto branch to steady herself until she push herself out of a bush and literally fall onto a road . 90 . ext . the road near top cottage . night . she look first one way , and then the other down the road -- and no more than fifty yard away be she car . just where she leave it . ext . the road near top cottage . night . she reach she car , open the door , get in , and discover she key be go . in a panic , she start to look on the floor , on the seat when : missy'' voice here . missy be in the backseat , dry blood on she face from she bloody nose . she show she the key . daisy no . get out of here . missy reach and touch Daisy 's shoulder . daisy ( shaking she off ) get out of here -- missy listen to I , Daisy . no one say anything for a moment , then : missy he want to talk to you . daisy be ( shout ) I do not want to talk to he !! Daisy sit very still . missy you be be ... silly . they both notice light and the noise of a car engine come down the dirt driveway . Daisy do not know what to do ; and missy do not know what Daisy be go to do . as the headlight get closer , Daisy reach for the door handle , but missy grab she arm and hold she . missy he 's go home . he 's head home . gl . Franklin be be drive by qualter ; the car pass right by Daisy 's car , inch away . Franklin in shadow and silhouette be in the backseat ; he do not look out . Daisy cover she face . as Franklin 's car drive off , missy let go of Daisy 's arm . missy you want a cigarette ? ( no response ) I want you to listen to I . and I want you to listen very very carefully . understand ? look at I . understand ? Daisy look at she . daisy what can you say ? missy understand ? daisy yes . missy I read all you letter , Daisy . and he -- to you . he know this . probably want this ... I read the letter where he ask you to live with he . I know you be -- ( search the for the word ) intimate . I have know since the day it happen . daisy what ?? missy that thing he write ? he mean they . I know that . that hurt . cigarette ? I need one . she light a cigarette . but I accept . like you will . daisy what do you mean ? 92 . missy I be a part of he life , and I accept that you be too . daisy I do not accept you . missy what about dorothy schiff ? do you accept she ? ( then ) why do you think she have build that place next to top Cottage ? daisy there be other cottage on that hill -- missy he ask she to . he ask she to build a cottage , so they could live close together when he retire , while he write that goddamn detective book he 's always talk about write . daisy I do not believe - -. missy I read the letter . daisy when be this ? missy ( shrug ) this year . daisy no. ( then ) why do not you leave he ? missy for the same reason you will not . Daisy look out -- into the dawn . missy it be not Eleanor who ' abandon 's he . she catch he too . daisy with you ? 93. missy ( laugh ) no. this be -- long ago . year and year ago . someone else . he promise never to see she again . swore on he knee . daisy do he ? see she again ? missy she 's be to the White House . maybe you have meet she . Mrs. rutherford . Daisy look back out the window . daisy I be sorry that I ... I misunderstand she . ( then ) I do not think I can ' share ' - missy oh I think you can . you can . she light both cigarettes and hand one to Daisy . daisy thank you . they smoke in silence . then : she hand Daisy she car key . and she open the car door . missy you decide . pause . int . study . night . Franklin alone ; a half - play game of solitaire on he desk in front of he . he fiddle with the card in he hand , he mind elsewhere ; he look at the play card , begin to scoop they up to start another game . int . hallway / live room . night . a dishevel Daisy walk down the hallway at springwood . Franklin 's mother sit outside of Franklin 's study , as if guard it . she see Daisy and watch she approach . 94 . mother ( stand ) he will not go to bed . he 's wait for you . Daisy go into the study without knock . int . study . night . Daisy have sit down . franklin would you like a drink ? daisy no. he start to pour himself one , then decide not to . franklin missy and my mother have both severely criticize I for not have invite you to the dinner tonight . I want to apologize . they both say I should not treat you that way . in the future -- it will be different . she muster all of she strength : daisy yes . uncomfortable , Franklin pick up he magnify glass . franklin I think I show you this when you first come to visit I , Daisy . but you probably do not remember . Daisy say nothing . then : daisy I remember . franklin from Africa . be not they beautiful ? can you see from there ? Daisy be stand at a distance . daisy I can . 95 . she can not . he turn the page of the stamp album . franklin the high waterfall in the world . that 's on this stamp . he be point out a stamp in he stamp book . franklin I really do not think you can see from way over there , Daisy . I really do not . and that -- would be terrible . not to . that , Daisy , I believe would be a awful mistake . from which neither of we would recover ... daisy do you really think that ? franklin yes , I do . I do . he look at she . no longer smile , but beseech . daisy how do you see I ? franklin what ? daisy be I -- to you -- just stupid ? franklin no . no , Daisy . but I can understand how you can feel that way . daisy be I -- like a whore ? franklin ( almost laugh ) no , no you be not ' like a whore . ' daisy be I just ' comfortable ' for you ? franklin I do not know what you mean . daisy be I -- a pet ? pause . 96 . franklin be that what you think ? daisy maybe . ( pause ) it be not . franklin good . now come and sit next to I . daisy ( yell ) no , you be not get off that easy , you son of a bitch !! daisy vo but that 's not what I say . instead : daisy no . I need to go . franklin Daisy ... this stop she at the door . she look int . pink Elizabeth listen Daisy ... mother 's -- quite -- worried . I tell she there be nothing to be worried about -- with Daisy . that you would understand . and you would never do anything ... or cause any ... because you --. we understand each other , do not we , Daisy ? and you know that everything I have ever say to you be true . at he , then nod and start to leave the study . I have say I be sorry -- but that would not do any good right now , would it ? bedroom . / ext . front of house . dawn pre-sunrise . at the window ; bertie , with the door crack open , at the door . 97 . bertie someone 's come out . he hurry to the window . bertie which one be she ? elizabeth the one you think look like a governess . from Elizabeth and bertie 's perspective we see Daisy have just come out of the house , she now head for she car . bertie I think she be the governess . have she stop cry ? can you tell ? elizabeth I think so . bertie ( as they watch ) by the way , I understand that 's a very common thing -- man and they child 's governess . elizabeth be it ? how do you know ? bertie so I be tell . elizabeth she 's not the governess . but she 's obviously he mistress . bertie she dress like a--. elizabeth she 's not the governess , bertie . bertie Men find -- some man find -- I think because they be around child , there 's something quite attractive about -- elizabeth ( as she continue to look out the window ) ) ( more ) 98 . elizabeth ( cont would ) why do you keep talk about governess ? be there something you want to tell I ? bertie no. nothing . why ? Daisy be drive away . bertie well , she 's go . elizabeth look over there . from Elizabeth and bertie 's perspective , we see missy in the distance on a bench . bertie the secretary ? elizabeth ( nod ) I have not see she before . you can just make she out now . it 's go to be light soon . see she ? bertie and she 's he mistress too . accord to cameron . elizabeth we do not need cameron to --. bertie cameron say there 's another one . elizabeth another --? bertie who 's marry . but she 's build a cottage by he ? or something . elizabeth another mistress ? bertie ( after another look toward missy ) good thing we change we mind about bring lilibet with we . 99 . elizabeth you change you mind . I never want to bring lilibet to America . bertie only be - be-because you do not like Americans . elizabeth I like Americans . that 's not fair . I do not like a lot of Americans . I like some . ( then ) be you go to eat a hot dog ? bertie what ??? elizabeth at the picnic . tomorrow . today . be you ? I mean , be not it like have say the pm over and serve he banger and mash ? bertie he probably would like --. elizabeth to a guest ! if we do that he would know we be try to tell he something . he would understand . bertie what would he understand ? elizabeth how we feel about he . bertie the pm know how we feel about he . we like he . as if that matter . elizabeth ( over this ) you know what I mean . bertie I wish I do . elizabeth bertie , I do not think you brother would eat a hot dog . 100 . bertie ( upset now ) how would you know that ? elizabeth because he would know what be mean !! bertie it do not mean anything !!! a light knock on the door , which be still open a bit ; cameron stick he head in ; he 's in he pajamas and robe . cameron the wall , sir . they be quite thin . bertie we know . cameron one can hear --. bertie everyone in this house be already awake . bertie look at the window , cameron follow he look and see missy stand now , smoking . bertie ( to Elizabeth ) but to answer you question , Elizabeth , I be go to eat a hot dog , no five hot dog , ten ! I be go to shove they into my mouth , stick two up my nostril , two more in my ear , then walk around so people can take picture of the King of England with hot dog hang out of he orifice !! Elizabeth suddenly look out the window . bertie ( as they watch ) do not ever compare I to my brother again . Elizabeth do not know what to say . cameron step in : cameron look , sir . bertie what ? 101 . cameron the President . ext . front of the house . dawn pre-sunrise . Franklin be come out on he own . his leg be in brace , and he use a cane . missy throw down she cigarette and walk over to he . franklin ( quietly to missy ) have she go ? missy nod . franklin ( quietly ) what do you think she 's go to do ? missy ( quietly ) I do not think she 'il cause you any trouble . if that 's what you be ask . be that what you be ask ? int . pink bedroom . dawn . Elizabeth and bertie at the window . cameron peek over they . from they perspective , we watch missy look up at the window . elizabeth they 'il see we . too late . Franklin , follow missy 's glance , have look up and see they . he try to hide he surprise and any embarrassment . from they perspective : franklin ( put on a good front ) hello ! and good morning ! bertie ( whisper through he smile ) wave. 102 . elizabeth ( through she smile ) I be . both be wave now . bertie ( shouting down ) hello ! Lovely morning , be not it ? elizabeth ( call down ) hello ! hello ! missy and qualter wave now too . missy hello ! franklin ( call up ) sleep well ?! bertie ( call down ) oh yes . yes , very well . do not we ? elizabeth ( call down ) we do ! missy ( wave ) yes ! franklin ( shouting up ) good ! I too !! ( then ) I think I might have a swim ... come along ? int . daisy 's house hallway / stair . dawn . the very dishevel Daisy , dress rip , hair a mess , knee bloody , pass the hallway mirror . she stop and stare at herself in the mirror -- a mess . aunt 's voice Daisy be that you ? 103 . Daisy continue to stare into the mirror . int . daisy 's house , aunt 's bedroom . dawn . Daisy enter she aunt 's dark bedroom . she can just make out she aunt sit on she bed in she nightgown , try to put she stocking on by herself . daisy let I help . Daisy go and kneel in front of she and help . aunt ( oblivious to Daisy 's condition ) you be up early . daisy I just wake up . Daisy roll up the aunt 's stocking . ext . front of house . day . the door open and bertie , feel quite self - conscious in he bathing suit , stand in the doorway . Franklin , in he car , smile and wave . bertie ' wave . 's step out and immediately see the single Marine , keep guard on the step . the Marine , see the King , immediately salute and stand at attention . self -consciously in he bathing suit , bertie salute the soldier , and try not to hurry to the car . ext . gate -house . day . Franklin , in he bathing suit , at the wheel of he car . bertie in he bathing suit in the passenger seat . they approach the gate house ; across the drive , twenty or thirty reporter / photographer , nearly all with camera around they neck , be cluster together . he slow door to banter with the reporter : franklin they feed you all right out here ? throw you boy , the odd bone ? 104 . photographer we be eatin’ like king . Mr. President . franklin you can thank he for that . ( smile at bertie ) they drive past , not a photo have be take : franklin ( drive ) I make they all agree -- no picture in we bathing suit . ( look down at bertie 's leg ) though you do not look so bad . maybe you should get you picture take like that ... as they drive off : frankline voice and get the woman 's vote . but that 's right -- you do not vote for king . ext . val kill swimming pool . day . the King and the President alone together in the pool ; swim past each other , curling leave , then right , play and enjoy the freedom , the peace , the water , and the company . ext . road to top cottage . day . Franklin , cigarette in mouth , be at the wheel of he car , climb up the steep and bumpy hill . bertie in the back . Elizabeth , in the front seat , bounce around , look sick to she stomach . a line of soldier have form along the edge of the wood on one side of the dirt road ; as the car pass , the soldier salute . the King , bounce in the backseat , try to wave back . 105 . ext . top cottage . day . the picnic . crowd of people milling around -- local , government official , friend -- all with glass in hand , greeting each -- check out who else have be invite . the woman in fancy summer hat . a makeshift stage have be build off of the porch for the entertainment . tables be cover in dish : Virginia ham , cold turkey , sausage , salad , roll . a table of beer . Daisy have bring she aunt lemonade and a drink for herself . they be at a table on the periphery . aunt what be you drink ? daisy ( hesitates , then ) it 's a beer , aunt Sophie . I like it . Daisy sit . as she look off across the crowd , she instinctively take a cigarette out of she pocket , and start to light it . the aunt be amaze . aunt when do you start to do that ? daisy do what ? suddenly some word start to spread through the crowd , and everyone start to head toward the driveway -- the royal be come . aunt stand to follow , but Daisy just sit , lose in she thought , smoking . ext . top cottage . day . cameron be the first to reach Roosevelt 's car ; he help Elizabeth out of the car . elizabeth ( under she breath to cameron ) ) I be not drive with he again . 106 . ext . top cottage . day . Eleanor have take bertie 's arm , and lead the King and Queen into the wait and eager crowd for a few important introduction . woman immediately begin to curtsey . ext . top cottage . day . Franklin be carry around the crowd to the main table on the porch . all of the guest pretend not to see this . ext . top cottage . day . bertie have a small movie camera , and he take a panoramic shot of the house and countryside -- as he pan , guest duck so as not to obstruct he view . the King gesture for the guest to wave to he . they wave . he film . he finish the shot ; wind the camera ; and then with Elizabeth at he side , he see the grill -- and the cooking hot dog . after a look at Elizabeth , he begin to film the hot dog . ext . top cottage . day . missy and qualter stand at the lemonade table , and watch the crowd watch bertie film the hot dog and the guest . qualter nudge missy and nod . he 's just notice Daisy . qualter she 's here . missy ( watch Daisy ) good for she . missy take the glass and head toward Daisy . qualter what be you do ? ext . top cottage . day . Daisy and she aunt sit at the distant table , now full of unimportant guest who have be relegate to the far reach of the party . 107 . the aunt , because of the crowd and the distance , be have a hard time see . Daisy sit , seemingly completely disinterested . missy work she way through the crowd . missy mind if I join you ? ( quietly ) I be so pleased you come . daisy I promise my aunt . ext . top cottage . day . a aide help Franklin into one of the chair . no one be take picture . bertie sit in the other chair . everyone wait for the wheelchair to be push out of view and then suddenly all take photograph of the King and Franklin pose together . ext . top cottage day . with the photographer 's flash bulb go off behind he , and a crowd laugh at Franklin and bertie 's show of playfulness , qualter come to Daisy , missy and the aunt 's table . missy ( feign surprise ) Tommy , look who 's here . qualter Daisy , would you come with I ? he try to take she arm . missy ( stop he ) Tommy , she have every right to be here . qualter he want she sit with he . he try to take she arm again . daisy I be not do that . 108 . aunt who want you sit with he ? qualter the President , mar ’am . Daisy , please . daisy I do not want to . no. aunt Daisy , please . where be you manners ? ( stand ) let 's sit up with the President . qualter just Daisy , mar ’am . he just want she . ( to Daisy ) please . Daisy look to missy . who nod . the photo be over and there be a big cheer . ext . top cottage . day . Daisy be lead to the head table -- nearly everyone be now curious and watch . Franklin and bertie be laugh together . as Daisy approach -- there 's that big Franklin smile : franklin what be you do way over there , Daisy ? the special guest be here on the porch . you should be here . he turn to the King . franklin you have meet miss Daisy suckley , have not you , you majesty ? bertie I be not sure I have have the pleasure . Daisy do a faint curtsey . bertie and Elizabeth share a quick look . the guest be all rubber - neck to see what be happen on the porch . 109 . franklin she 's go to join we . be not you , Daisy ? Tommy get she a chair . ( introduce Daisy to the Queen ) and she majesty . a bigger curtsey for the Queen as qualter bring a chair for Daisy . she will sit next to Franklin . Eleanor -- understanding -- scoot over to make room for Daisy 's chair . franklin Daisy , please , sit down . she hesitates . he look at she . franklin please , Daisy . she just stare at he . Daisy look to Eleanor , then at Franklin . eleanor would you like some beer ? Daisy hesitates , nod . and sit . eleanor Franklin , pour Daisy some beer . Franklin smile , give Eleanor a look of ' thank you 's and pour beer into Daisy 's glass . as the royal try not to watch . ext . top cottage . day . a medley of the entertainment : ish -ti-opi , the indian baritone sing the Zuni blanket wooing song . the King and Queen be attentive . he sing the traditional potato song . Franklin look to Daisy , and smile at she ; she attempt to ignore this and he , and watch the indian performer instead . 110 . ext . top cottage . day . bertie stand and with he movie camera film princess Te ata perform the indian corn ceremony . as he film with one hand , he loosen he tie with the other . ext . top cottage day . princess Te ata finish demonstrate indian sign Language . the King , now with he tie off , and Queen politely applaud . ext . top cottage day . ish - ti-opi now in full indian head dress do the Sun rise call as Franklin lean over Daisy to Eleanor : franklin ( half whisper ) how much more of this be there ? ish - ti-opi finish to polite applause . he turn to the tom - tom player and begin the canoe song . Franklin notice the Queen 's eye beginning to droop ; it have be a long day . franklin ( applaud and shout out ) thank you , indian baritone ! thank you so much . eleanor ( applaud , under she breath , across Daisy ) he be not finish . Daisy , still expressionless , look Eleanor , then to Franklin for he response . franklin ( smile ) oh. I think he be . then Daisy look to Eleanor for she response ; she be right in the middle of the husband / wife spat . the Queen be startle awake by the applause . Elizabeth and bertie applaud . 111 . ext . top cottage day . at the head table , Thomas whisper in Franklin 's ear , he nod . Franklin lean over and touch bertie on the arm to get he attention : franklin you majesty ... Thomas bring over a platter of hot dog in bun . he hold the tray out for the King . Word of this spread fast through the crowd , and suddenly everyone watch this , some people get up and stand so they can see better . missy help the aunt get up and watch . Daisy have the best view , right next to Franklin . she watch , though still without show any enthusiasm . silence . Franklin take the platter from Thomas and hold it out to the King . would you like -- a hot dog ? the Queen look away . everyone else be look at the King . bertie Mr. President , I very much would like a hot dog . what he have just say be pass along through the crowd . the King take a hot dog in he hand . franklin do you take mustard ? bertie I take whatever you think I should take with my hot dog . franklin allow we then to put a bit of mustard on for you . smiling , Franklin nod to Daisy to pick up the mustard pot that be already on the table . Daisy do not know what to do ; Eleanor start to pick it up , but Franklin shake he head . he want Daisy to do this . 112 . Eleanor hand Daisy the mustard pot . suddenly with all eye watch , a nervous Daisy carefully take the mustard and hold it out , as if it be a crown . then Franklin hand she a knife . franklin show he how we put it on , Daisy . Daisy nervously take the knife and gently and very very carefully spread mustard on the King 's hot dog . every one in the crowd watch she every move . the aunt stand now , look so proud , missy stand watch at she side , keenly interested . when Daisy have finish put on the mustard , she carefully set down the knife . bertie ( to Daisy ) you be too kind . Daisy be embarrassed by the attention . then bertie raise the hot dog to he mouth -- and bite into it . suddenly the crowd of guest burst into cheer and applause . bertie be confuse . bertie ( over this , to Franklin ) why be they applaud ? what 's this about ? Franklin be smile , patting the King on the back ; Daisy be catch in the middle of all this cheer . she 's embarrassed . daisy vo and like that -- we feel America and England be back on the road to be very good friend . at least , I be tell that 's how some people take it . a very happy crowd of Americans still applaud . daisy vo it make I wonder -- maybe the hot dog have not be Eleanor 's idea after all . 129 113 . Franklin watch bertie bask in the applause . daisy vo when he leave for England later that day , the King send back a telegram , in which he write that we two nation have now ' forge 's -- and this be he word : 'a special relationship . 's smiling , bertie shout out : bertie I will have another !! another burst of exuberant cheer . ext . daisy 's house . day . daisy vo the next day , he send a car . a car be park in front of Daisy 's house . daisy vo but I say I be too ill to take a drive . a driver stand on the porch talk to the aunt who hold open the screen door . daisy vo I be ill the next day . and the next . and the next day after that . he turn and walk back across the porch and to he car . the door slam . ext . daisy 's house . day . daisy vo a week after the royal 's visit to hyde Park , the President come in person to my house . Franklin , at the wheel of he car , drive up to Daisy 's 129 house . Daisy 's aunt be on the porch , have she morning cup of coffee , when suddenly she see who be arrive . she stand , knock over the little wicker table , start to pick it up , then do not bother and hurry inside . 114 . daisy vo I have be wait . after a moment , Daisy hesitantly come out of she house . she look at Franklin . ext . hardware shop . day . Franklin , smoking , with Daisy next to he in he car , as he slowly drive through the village of hyde Park . daisy vo he drive we by the plumbing shop where he mother have return the toilet seat she have order for the Royal visit , without pay for it . the car stop outside the hardware shop . there be a toilet seat and a sign : '' the king and queen of england sat here . '' he start to laugh , and she can not help but smile and warm a little to he . as she look up at he : daisy 's voice he try to make I laugh . and he be good at that . he be after all a politician . franklin mother want to pay he now . but he say it 's really be good for business . he smile at she . daisy vo . he hope I would forgive he . but I be damned if I be go to tell he that I already have . ext . / int . missy 's car at daisy 's house . day . Daisy come out of she house , pull on she glove , hold she hat . she slide into the passenger seat of missy 's car . missy , in the driver 's seat , lean over and they give each other a hug . daisy vo occasionally now , missy would come and fetch I when she feel --. 115 . Daisy look into the rearview mirror and start to put on she hat . missy I think he could really use -- you company tonight . missy watch as Daisy continue to put on she hat , try to get it right . missy look at she watch . daisy let he wait . ( she smile ) missy begin to help fix Daisy 's hair , around the hat . Daisy adjust she hair and hat just so , with missy 's help and approval . int . live room . evening . daisy vo I learn , as we get to know each other better , of missy 's bout with she ' blackness . ' Franklin , missy , Daisy and qualter around a card table play bridge ; missy and Daisy sit across from each other , they be partner . missy take a trick , and smile at she partner . daisy vo and of she ' dark day . ' and suicide attempt . she take another trick and the Girls be have a very good time beat the boy , who show no expression -- they do not like lose . int . study . day . 1942 paper and file be be pack up by aide and missy , who be on she knee in the middle of the room , sorting thing . daisy vo when missy fall terribly ill . he pay for everything . Daisy sit alone in a corner pretend to read a book , but every now and then look at missy : 116 . daisy vo he even change he will -- give she half -- should she outlive he . but to the surprise of nearly everyone -- he do not visit she once in the hospital . I ask he why . Franklin wheel himself into the study , in he chair , and head for he desk . his mind on other thing . Daisy just watch he . daisy vo it 's a terrible fault of mine , he say . I find it too painful to be around illness . int . live room / study . day . 1942 . everything be be pack up ; phone line roll up ; furniture return to its proper place . Daisy watch from the doorway . she turn and head through the room , try to stay out of the way of the move . as she reach the study , the door open and mother come out ; look suspicious . Daisy smile politely at mother and go in . franklin ( whisper ) Close the door , Daisy . she close the door . and Franklin suddenly lift a hat up off he desk and there , under it -- be a drink . other in the room , bring out the drink they have hide from mother -- from a plant , a bookcase , under they jacket . all laugh -- a wonderful camaraderie . franklin someone pour Daisy a drink ! missy pour a glass and give it to she . the two share a look -- a share understanding . and the other , the man go back to pack up the study . Daisy look around , smile -- she will miss this . daisy vo I grow close not only to missy but to all of Franklin 's boy . ( more ) 117 . daisy vo ( cont would ) they seem to accept I , no question ask . and no more promise be make so none could be break . ext . entryway of house / driveway . day . 1942 . the caravan of official car be line up for the exodus back to Washington . Daisy stand at a distance and watch Franklin be carry to he car . daisy vo though he find he could now visit home -- hyde Park -- less and less . there be election . then the war . always so many thing ... a line of photographer patiently wait until he be in ; and then -- he turn to they , a aide nod to the photographer , Franklin smile and the flashbulb pop like fourth of July . they continue to pop -- and the newsreel camera buzz -- as caravan head off down the drive . a few townspeople stand in cluster and wave . Daisy slowly head off across the field , alone , watch the caravan snake its way down the long tree -line driveway to the road . daisy vo he always seem confident that I would be here wait ... she watch the car . daisy vo and oh how I resent that ... as the caravan reach the road and turn ; Daisy suddenly begin to run toward it , faster and faster ; and she start to wave as she run . she continue to run and wave until the car , the caravan , and Franklin be out of sight . and stop and stare off toward where he have disappear . caption : FDR eventually keep he promise and by 1942 Britain and the United States be fight shoulder to shoulder . when Daisy die in she hundredth year , a box of letter and diary be find under she bed . 118 . her special relationship with the President be , finally , no longer just they secret . end