untitled macon blair movie by macon Blair Feb 8 2016 ( clean copy ) filmscience ext . backyard - night black tree limb spread against a less - black sky . the star beyond be vast and dim . bat dip and wheel chaotically . we can hear they wing : a desperate- sounding chk chk chk . RUTH kimke ( 38 ) stare up at they , very still , very uneasy . she have a watchful , owlish vibe . she 's slightly wall - eye . her hair be long and plain and she appear fearfully hypnotize by the bat . or maybe it 's the star . she tip a Beer up , nearly kill it without blink . wider , we see she yard : a weedy little square enclose by a tall rickety fence . music and voice drift faintly from elsewhere , some other yard . somebody shriek in delight . Ruth look in that direction , all alone back here . she glance down at she hand ... which be shaking . then back to the dark sky as a ominous tone sound and we -- CUT to black . televised image fill the screen , pixelate and wash - out , with soft happy elevator music eat all the sound : a huge trash island bob in the ocean . soldier fire machine gun in the Middle East . a white cop club a black kid . int . bedroom - care CENTER - day pulling out from the t.v. as Ruth enter in pink scrub , eyeing it before address the person at which it 's aim . RUTH how ' bout I change this , huh ? it 's mrs . hamble in the bed , ninety if she 's a day . skeletal and unblink . oh shit ... she might be dead already . RUTH ( cont ’d ) Mrs. hamble ? she move to the bedside , fear the worst , but -- mrs . hamble ( a weak rasp ) ... look at this goddamn monkey ... so instead Ruth adjust the cover , the fluid drip . RUTH no , now ... shh . mrs . hamble ..- if my husband Wilson Kenneth hamble ever live to see the way they manage to flush this country right down the fuckin stinker , he would like to never stop throw up , you never hear a bigger help of shit in all the year of woe- be - I , God o’ mighty , put the chicken and hubcap down and keep you gigantic monkey dick outta my good pussy ... RUTH okay , now . just. okay . mrs . hamble .-- Christ help we ... RUTH okay . mrs . hamble ... why will not nobody fuck I good ? RUTH shh. c’mon , now . but then , as she work , the silence prompt she to look . Mrs. hamble have go slack . actually dead this time . int . waiting area - care CENTER - day Ruth and a doctor stand with mrs . hamble 's son , other cry family in the background . son do ...did she have any last word ? the Doctor look to Ruth for the answer . she consider . title card land with a low throbbing booom . traffic noise , voice , commercial jingles : a din of shrill anxiety . as sparse minor -key music tip -toe into the mix ... ext . RUTH 's car ( moving ) - day .+.we see Ruth through the windshield of she ancient junker , a rusty ' 76 ventura . inching along . her mind elsewhere . vehicle wipe the foreground , blur , endlessly block she . news radio ( v.o. ) .».. and the Governor call it 'a horrific but ultimately unpreventable tragedy 's after the schizophrenic man bring he register ar - 15 into the day care and open fire . Sports be next . up ahead , a day -glo pickup belch a black smoke from its dual smokestack onto the other car . rollin 's coal . she 's quietly mystify . ext . parking lot - day hard sunlight blast off of chrome and glass . Ruth move through this maze of car , preoccupy . she wear jeans , sneaker , a old baseball shirt . have she own shopping bag . a minivan back out , nearly clip she but stop short . she wait , gesture go ahead . which the minivan be happy to do . int . grocery aisle - day a sloppy man drop a bag of chip , leave it on the ground . Ruth come along in he wake and , without think , bend down to put they back on the shelf . int . ' 15 item or fewer 's checkout line - day Ruth wait patiently with she rotisserie chicken behind a tire woman who 's stack thirty or forty item on the belt . int . dive bar - day a oldie purr on the juke ( '' hully gully Calling time '' by the jive five ! ) as we push down the bar to find ... Ruth , sit by herself at the far end of with a beer and she chicken dinner , absorb in a fantasy novel . someone laugh and she look up . down the bar , a cluster of young dude , bullshit amongst themselves . but one of they be look at she , kinda smile . back to she book . a moment later , he 's still look at she . young dude be that the elsewhere saga ? she straighten , smile in spite of herself . RUTH yeah . ' King of the Hidden Dark . 's young dude Book two . read that a while ago . RUTH I be at the , they be get ready for the Battle of the uh -- young dude Battle of the tanhauser Gate ? RUTH right ! I be like ... she make a face : bite my nail ! young dude totally . yeah . so good . ( beat ) you know she father 's actually the War mage . Ruth 's smile stay absolutely in place . RUTH Captain deo be ...? young dude kieran 's real father . yeah . that 's come up . blew my mind . and stay in place . RUTH wow . young dude clue be there , y’think about it . and with that , he return to he buddy . Ruth look down at the bar top , but not quite at she book . ext . front yard - RUTH 's house - day Ruth pull into the driveway of she tiny ranch house . head inside , she see something in the patchy yard that stop she . a pizza flyer tuck in she door be angrily yank out . fft! the dog turd on she grass be grab use the flyer . splrt . her trash can have many such dog shit / pizza flyer wad already in it and here 's one more . wump ! slam ! the SMALL handmade sign on she lawn - - a dog shit inside a red circle-slash with ' please !'-- be angrily straighten . int . front room - RUTH 's house - day Ruth heel the door shut , drop she book on a side table . int . kitchen - continuous the fridge open , leftover chicken go in , a beer come out . Ruth lean against the counter , pop the beer , take a sip . a dim , quiet little house . a little cluttere but not dirty . slowly pushing in as she stare grimly at nothing . there 's a soft repetitive bmp bmp bmp somewhere . but then ... her eye land on something and she stiffen . that bmp bmp bmp seem louder suddenly . she move forward , confuse because ... her back door be ajar . she touch it as if to confirm what she 's see . bmp bmp bmp . just beyond be -- int . SUN room - continuous -- this small glass - in porch , with its own back door which also hang wide open , bump against the house . bmp bmp bmp . she step out there , breathe faster as she peer out into -- ext . backyard - continuous -- which be empty . somewhere distantly a lawn mower buzze , a dog bark . but nobody in sight . she pull the door shut -- int . kitchen - continuous -- and come back through the SUN room into the house where she gasp , she hand fly to she mouth because -- -- she see for the first time that she 's be ransacked . all drawer pull out of she credenza , the content spill . she gape , immobilize . but before she can decide what to do -- sktch . a soft noise . she freeze . whatwasthat ? down the hallway , the open bedroom door spill sunlight . she stare at it , perfectly still , she eye bright with fear . closer on the bedroom door , sunny , quiet ... but then a wisp of shadow move in there . at that , she inhales sharply and take a reflexive step backwards but ... she stop . and she lip curl from she tooth . without take she eye off the hallway -- her hand slide off a kitchen knife from the rack . sksshh ! int . hallway - continuous Ruth advance slowly , the knife hold before she , shaking . the bedroom door loom ahead ... a shadow move again . she 's terrify .... yet inch forward , vibrate . she leeeean in , millimeter by millimeter , to peer into ... int . bedroom - continuous .-- which be empty . some drawer have be open and paw through but there 's nobody here . just outside the window , a loose gutter dangle there in the breeze : that 's the shadow . just to be sure she peek into -- the bathroom , which be also empty , but the medicine cabinet be open , the content wipe out onto the floor . her fight - or-flight tension uncoil itself . exhaaale . RUTH the fuck , man . int . bathroom - same glove hand brush black fingerprint powder onto the medicine cabinet door . psh , psh , psh . voice ( 0.s. ) various prescription medication ... int . SUN room - same glove hand peel lift tape from the powder - dust doorknob . shkk . voice ( 0.s. ) a laptop computer ... int . kitchen - same a photographic flash strobe she ransacke credenza . klik ! voice ( 0.s. ) and then the silverware in here ... this be a uniformed officer who could not appear more bored as she jot this all down on a clipboard and pop she gum . officer anything else ? Ruth be kind of hugging herself with she phone in one hand . RUTH I do not uh ... not that I can see . ( beat ) the silver be my grandma 's . the Officer ignore that . pop. bendix ( 0.s. ) be they painkiller ? Ruth look over to detective bendix ( 5as ) , who could use a nap , inspect the back door as a evidence tech wrap up . bendix ( cont 'd ) the medication . RUTH no , it be uh ... clonazepam . ( beat ) and lexapro . he look at she blankly , suck he tooth . bendix you try one of that location apps ? RUTH ( gesture with she phone ) I try that . the laptop be off . bendix they will probably wipe it , anyway , unless they be moron . get a hide - a - key ? Fake rock thing ? RUTH no . bendix that gate to you backyard , there 's no lock on that ? RUTH no , it 's just ... like a latch . bendix ( be : the back door ) you leave this unlock , you go out ? RUTH mmno . not usually . bendix but you do today . RUTH I do not remember . I think I have lock it , but ... bendix be not a force entry , I mean . Ruth have no answer for that . bendix and the Officer exchange a bland look and Officer lower she clipboard . ext . front yard - RUTH 's house - twilight Ruth come outside , clutching a report form , watch as -- bendix head to he unmarked car and the uniform head to the patrol unit with its light turning . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 9 . RUTH what should I do now ? bendix turn back , perplex . bendix about what ? RUTH I mean ... do you call I , or ...? bendix if anything be recover , someone will be in contact . you case number 's on that form if you have renter 's insurance . RUTH but you be gonna look , right ? he look as if she spit on he shoe . bendix what ? RUTH you be ... gonna look ? bendix miss , we will do everything we be able to but in the meantime I suggest you pay a little closer attention to you home security . lot of this kind of thing go on , drug people and whatnot . do not give ‘em a open . he continue on . she glance at the report in she hand . RUTH thank you . he give a tight little smile as he get into he car . the patrol car light switch off as it pull away and Ruth stand there in the half - light , watch they go . int . front room - same Ruth come back in , close the door . lock the deadbolt , too . 10 . int . kitchen - same she kneel to clean up the drawer ... but find herself stare down that shadowy hallway . look like a tomb . she bring out she phone , dial hurriedly . RUTH ( into phone ) hey . I be not bother you , be I ? int . a different bedroom - night close on RUTH , stare off in heavy contemplation . simmer . RUTH it 's the violation , man . the stuff , that 's replaceable -- I mean , the silver 's not but what really hurt be the fuck violation . they be inside my house , you know ? she 's talk to jana , who be six , in bed , in she pajamas . jana can we ... finish the story ? RUTH sorry . Ruth , sit at Jana 's bedside , re-open the picture book she 's hold , '' we Universe '' , and begin to read ... RUTH ( cont ’d ) Ray from the sun be thousand of year old before they reach you eye . human body be make of dust and gass from inside of star . the universe be fourteen billion year old . no one know what come before . no one know how big the universe actually be . it ... it could be infinite -- and she start sobbing , just totally dissolves . RUTH ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... and that in turn terrify Jana -- jana w- why be you cry ? 11 . -- and now they be both crying , a perfect storm of crying . RUTH the fuck kinda book be this ? int . hallway - angie 's house - a bit later abrupt silence as angie huff ( 40 ) slide out of jana 's bedroom , pull the door close behind she and look at -- int . kitchen area - live room - continuous Ruth , spend and red-ey but compose now , droop in contrition as she see Angie return -- RUTH I be sorry . -- who gesture no problem ( even though we can see that it be kind of a problem ) and wave she to the couch . angie she 's fine . do not worry . RUTH I be so sorry . Ruth sit , preoccupy and distress , as Angie pack a BOWL -- angie a fuck - up thing happen to you . you be allow to be upset . -- which she be just about to hit when -- RUTH it 's not that . and so Angie lower the bowl , sense a impending deluge . angie what uh ... what be it ? RUTH patient die today . I be in the room . she be there and then ... she be not . Angie pass the bowl and Ruth hit it , deep - deep - deep . angie oh . she be special , huh ? Ruth hold the hit , think hard . RUTH ( a burp of smoke ) no . she suck . angie oh. RUTH this old ... shithead ... angie uh huh . RUTH ..- bat ... angie yeah . 12 . Angie take the bowl back , hit it herself , settling in for -- RUTH ( a dreamy stream ) but it just kinda click . it do not matter . they 'il roll she into a cooker and then she will be smoke . just carbon and stuff . my grandma Sally -- that be she silver they take -- she be a war nurse . she literally breathe life into people who would be explode . spend she retirement bring dinner to shut - in , folk with cancer ... ( Angie exhales a long patient jet of smoke . ) RUTH ( cont ’d ) ... and then she have a stroke and be just carbon and stuff , too . exactly the same . and now I be the only one leave who remember any of that and pretty soon I will be carbon and stuff , too ... so none of it matter . you could be a saint , you could be awful , whatever , it 's like none of it happen . Angie eye Ruth in concern ( and a splash of exasperation . ) 13 . angie first of all , not pretty soon . not for a long time . and it do matter . she do happen . RUTH we have to pretend that or we will go crazy . but everything be die , at all time . everyone . us. even Jana , right now . the minute she be bear she start die -- angie Jesus Christ -- RUTH the planet 's come apart . you get that , right ? angie ( ' I 'ma have another hit 's ) right , right -- RUTH all the bee ? and the gorilla be almost go , too . something like ten gorilla leave . angie it 's more than that . RUTH twenty ? top ? look at how people treat each other , the , the , the take . the fuck take , y'know ? the cruelty and the take and the , the , ' mine , mine , fuck you , mine . 's angie you be gonna make yourself sick . ( choose she word now ) you have get it better than a lot of people . you have to see that . you be healthy . you get a job . you get a house . but Ruth be wholly commit to the despair ... RUTH I see it . everyone be a asshole . angie no , not everyone -- on Angie : 14 . RUTH yes . everyone . and dildo . angie that 's not true . RUTH it be true . and fuckface . angie ruthie -- RUTH I mean , not you . and Dan 's okay . and kid be fine unless they be , like , real little shit -kid and I think lot of they just come like that now . asshole and fuckface and so what ? it 's all just a sneeze . it 's nothing . y’know ? it 's just chemistry and math . so what . what do I say to that ? a little helplessly ... angie sweetie ....c’ mon . Ruth look at she shaking hand . she make a fist to stop it . RUTH ( barely audible ) sometimes I feel like I be underneath a whirlpool ... and it 's like I can not even breathe . keys at the door precede dan huff ( 40s ) lumber obliviously in . a harry car salesman , he clock the gloomy vibe -- dan Internet date ? angie Ruth 's house get rob . -- and without pause he continue to the kitchen area . dan whaaat ? that 's terrible ... where he pointedly open a window , give Angie a look about the pot smoke : come on . she give he one back : not now . Ruth start to cry again . Angie pat she . Dan sigh at all this and concentrate on he leftover ham sandwich . chomp. 15 . int . live room - early morning close on RUTH , curl on the couch under a quilt , semi-awake . a SMALL hand hold a sheet of paper before she . she prop herself up to look at it ... a child drawing : a woman riding a big GREEN lizard -thing . Jana stand there , solemnly gnaw on a magic marker . RUTH be this I ? Jana nod . RUTH ( cont ’d ) be this a dragon ? jana stegosaurus . Ruth consider it some more . RUTH I fuckin’ love it . ext . RUTH 's car ( moving ) - day vaguely tense music skitter in the background as Ruth drive , she eye fix dead ahead . ext . RUTH 's house - day she pull into the driveway , head for the door , but stop . and stare down at she lawn . anger crackle on she face . there be , indeed , a fuck dog turd . right next to the sign . she whirl in place , look up and down -- the STREET , where a few house down there she can see a man walk away with a dog on a leash . a fresh pizza flyer be snatch from she door handle . sktch ! int . STREET - same tight on the dog man , see from behind : he hoodie with the metallic cobra on the back . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 16 . he dog strut along beside he . if a dog can look dumb , this one surely do . he water sandal go sk ! sk! sk ! on the pavement beneath the camo cut - off he 's wear . he soda pop get slurped as he walk . he 's maybe 30 , froggy , and we can hear the heavy metal in he headphone . tracking with he so we can see Ruth sprint up behind he , clutching a flyer / dog shit wad . the Dog man be unaware , he headphone music drown everything out , even as Ruth get within ten pace and -- hurl the wad at he head . it miss by a mile -- wump !-- but he turn to see she there behind he , hunch and fume . they face off like gunfighter . dog man why have you do that ? RUTH you have be shitting in my yard . dog man I have not . RUTH you dog . I see you . I have a sign there , say no shit . dog man where ? RUTH ( point furiously ) right there , man ! dog man it say that ? RUTH it 's a picture but that 's what it mean ! dog man well ... I do not see it . RUTH you shouldn't need a sign ! what 's wrong with you ? 17 . Ruth glare . Dog man frown . the dog pants happily . finally -- dog man Fine . and he trudge away , slower . sk. sk. sk. pause to pick up the flyer wad as he go . Ruth watch he go . utterly astonished . she look down at -- her hand , which be as steady as can be . int . front room - RUTH 's house - day Ruth stride to she stereo and drop on a old soul boogie ( let 's say " twine time '' by Alvin Cash & the crawler ) which carry we through -- int . bedroom - same Ruth scrubbing hard at the sticky fingerprint powder residue . int . bathroom - same Ruth gathering the spill leftover medicine item . int . kitchen - same Ruth sliding the spill drawer back into place . int . SUN room - same Ruth drilling a brass sliding bolt onto the screen door . int . kitchen - same close on the police report , snatch off the table . the business card staple to the corner of it , sgt. William bendix - robbery fraud unit , be rip off . the boogie abruptly become ' hold music 's as we ... slowly push in on RUTH , sit at the table with she phone to she ear . she wait . and wait . eventually ... bendix ( phone v.o. ) robbery . 18 . RUTH Mr. bendix ? bendix ( phone v.o. ) this be detective bendix . RUTH um. this be Ruth kimke . the silence boom . RUTH ( cont ’d ) my house be -- bendix ( phone v.o. ) I remember you , Ms. kimke , what can I do for you ? RUTH I be just call to follow up on ... I be curious if there be any ... '' suspect '' or whatever yet . bendix ( phone v.o. ) suspect ? RUTH the matter at my house yesterday . bendix ( phone v.o. ) no , I understand what you mean , I be - - just a minute - - there 's a muffled conversation , he 's distract . bendix ( phone v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , it 's very ... look , I assure you we be go to take every uh ... all possible avenue . RUTH I think maybe if you come back in daylight and look around a little closer you could -- a aggravate sigh blow through the line ... bendix ( phone v.o. ) could I put you on hold a moment ? RUTH sure . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 19 . the hold music come back on and she listen to it a bit ... until it stop . silence . RUTH ( cont ’d ) hello ? very close on her by now , look down at the dead phone . we can see she jaw muscle clenching . her wheel turn . ext . backyard - day Ruth walk to the center of the yard to look at the back door from a distance . contemplate it . she go to the side gate , which lead back here from the front . look closely . the latch be rusted shut . she try it but , no , it 's stick . she scan the yard . walk along the fence line , scan . at the rear fence , she stop suddenly . look at -- a certain spot where a patch of honeysuckle be rip loose . she touch it , dangle there , the flower still fresh . she look straight down and see something that freeze she . ext . alleyway behind her house - same Ruth 's finger clamp the top of the fence and then , with a grunt of effort , she head appear , peek over to see ... a loose board have be propped against the fence on this side . like a ramp . ext . backyard - same she drop back down to she side again , look down at -- the footprint she notice in the soft earth right there . she stare at it like it 's a snake . int . aisle - art store - day Ruth move purposefully along , scan the shelf of -- various craft supplies , clay , paper mache , plaster strip . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 20 . int . checkout line - art store - day Ruth and a sullen teenager get there at the same moment , but Ruth defer , ' after you 's , hold a package of plaster . int . kitchen - day Ruth whisk white powder and water in a bowl . wk!wk!wk!wk!wk ! ext . backyard - day liquid plaster be pour into the footprint . Ruth wait . bug buzz . she bite a nail . glance at the sky , tentatively , like she might see something terrible there . int . kitchen - day less -than -impress , Ruth look down at -- the plaster footprint mold she 's make : terribly misshapen and crust with dirt . look like a burnt jellyfish . but look closer she discern a flat stripe across the sole , the tread pattern interrupt for two inch . weird . and its unusual lightning bolt logo be visible in relief . ext . RUTH 's house - day Ruth come outside , walk right into camera , cape fear-style , look up and down the block ... ... and exit frame as that same soul boogie kick back in loud . ( we can call it RUTH 's action theme from now on . ) ext . STREET - day tracking beside RUTH , propel by her theme though this lower middle CLASS neighborhood : small house in need of paint , chain link fence , old truck . she turn up to -- ext . shabby bungalow - continuous nok -nok ! a old man suck on a squeeze yogurt appear behind the screen door , squinting out at she . 21 . old man yah ? RUTH I be sorry to bother you , sir . I be you neighbor over there . my house be rob yesterday . old man no ! RUTH yeah . old man sonsabitch . RUTH yeah . it be sometime between nine and six thirty , I do not suppose you see anything ? old man well , I x11 tell you something ... but instead he just take a long slurp of he yogurt , kinda lose he think . she wait patiently . RUTH what be it ? old man ( ' this ? ’) it 's just regular yogurt you can sip on . ( slurrp ! ) .-- hey , fuck it ... RUTH what do you want to tell I ? old man oh . it 's all go to hell . Ruth smile tightly in thanks and head off . old man ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you know that , dontcha ? ext . duplex - day now it 's a young mother with she baby on she hip . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 22. young mother I do not know nothing about no robbery . RUTH maybe you see a strange car . or someone act furtive . young mother furtive ? RUTH sneaky . young mother I know what furtive be . I be sorry that happen but I do not know anything to tell you . Ruth nod , disappointed , and look at the baby . RUTH what 's she name ? young mother khaleesi . RUTH ( tired but genuine ) that 's beautiful . ext . junk house - day now it 's a gearhead with car part and trash strewn about he yard , wiping he hand and wolfishly look she up and down . gearhead suspicious ? RUTH or just , like , out of place . gearhead oh , for sure . just this mornin 's a dominican fella come ' round with a tree see and a push mower . told be , ' I can take care my own lawn , thanks , but good try . 's he know to keep move . RUTH I bet. 23. gearhead you could gimme you number . if I thinka something . RUTH ( turn to leave ) you will not . but she action theme be sounding echoey and distant by now ... ext . side STREET - day Ruth round the corner , uncertainly . unfamiliar territory . ext . overgrown house - day she cross the jungle yard , come up the porch , nok - nok on the door . there 's no answer but ... .+.- she can hear shredd hair metal wafting from the back . ext . backyard - overgrown house - same she come around the side of the house , where the metal be louder and tie to savage cardio exhalation ... voice ( 0.s. ) one - - get some ! two -- get some ! Three - - get some ! unh ! four -- get some ! in the out-of -focus foreground we discern someone on a weight bench , rhythmically lift the PRESS bar as -- RUTH Excuse I ? tight on the lifter 's hand , as the exhalation stop , reach for he , no , not he nunchuck there , for he towel ... ..- which he wipe he sweaty face with as he sit up . look who it be : the Dog man himself , who be in fact name tony . mutual recognition . a charge and awkward beat . tony I say I be sorry . RUTH you say ' fine . 's 24 . tony the implication be -- RUTH nevermind . she turn away but he stop the music -- tony no , wait up ... -- and approach , show he palm . ultra sincere , this guy . tony ( cont 'd ) look . that 's not I . leave a b.m. in you yard ? that 's not who I be . I ... I be embarrassed . sometimes I be just so into my thought , you know ? like , deep . and I will not even notice what Brian 's do . he tip he head towards the window , where the dog who must be name Brian be watch they , calmly panting . RUTH ( turn to go ) forget it . tony you can hit I . RUTH ( stop ) what ? no . tony one strike . to balance the energy between we . I will not defend myself . RUTH I do not like hit people . tony I be a very physical person . that 's just how I experience the world . action , reaction . Cause , consequence . pain be not real . a brief beat and she start to leave again but -- tony ( cont 'd ) so why be you here ? she stop again , shrug in defeat . 25 . RUTH my house get rob . tony 's face cloud over . tony when ? RUTH yesterday . tony do you call the authority ? RUTH yeah , they ... I dunno . it do not seem like they could do very much . so I be just ask around , if anyone see anyone . he seethes in place and then , all at once ... he grab he nunchuck and --kash !--smash a mosquito candle . Ruth jump and Brian start barking furiously in the window . tony ( chinese for '' quiet '' ) a jing ! a jing ! ( and to Ruth now ) that make I furious . RUTH y-yeah . tony what kind of person do that ? RUTH I dunno . tony what have they take ? RUTH my computer . my grandma 's silver -- kash ! he smashes again , re-infuriated . RUTH ( cont 'd ) ( retreate ) sorry I bother you . 26 . tony you do not bother I , this affect all of we -- brian . stop it . but Brian be only barking louder as Ruth scoot away ... RUTH okay . see ya . tony can I do anything ? RUTH Nah , uh , I be good , thanks ... she slink away around the house and tony watch she go . int . front room - RUTH 's house - night a melancholy country tune play . a Beer sweat on a coaster . Ruth sit curl on the couch , read she novel . she turn a page but ... let it close . stare off , disinterested . as if as a afterthought , she bring out -- her phone , on which she tap a certain app : loc8 . she log in but get a process wheel turn , endlessly . ' search ... 's so she toss the phone aside in disgust . she rise . sip . pace a slow circle ... which become sway to the music . like dance . a private , lonesome moment . b- Bing ! she look to her phone , which be suddenly glow . she pick it up , stare at the screen , amaze . RUTH Holy shit . on her phone , a red dot blink on a map screen . ' device Online 's , it say , ' 129 Grove St . 's her police report , with bendix 's card , be snatch -- ssk ! she hurriedly dial a number but -- bendix voicemail ( v.o. ) you have reach detective bendix with the robbery fraud . I be not available now but if you ' 1ll -- 27 . she disconnect , blink , and quickly dial another number -- police operator ( v.o. ) Police non -emergency . RUTH hello . yes. okay . it 's -- my case number be zero - zero - zero - - police operator ( v.o. ) just a second , mar 'am , what 's the --? RUTH no , it 's -- I can see right where it be . my computer be steal and I can see it . police operator so it 's not steal ? RUTH no , it 's still steal , my phone be say where it be , I have the address , someone need to go there before it turn off again and -- police operator we can include that information in the report but we can not send unit out at this time . would you like to - RUTH wait -- what ? why ? police operator they need a search warrant in order to -- RUTH but you do not have to search , it 's right there , I know where it be ! police operator we can not send unit at this time . RUTH I am looking at it . police operator we can include that information in the report file -- RUTH uhhffff 28 . she disconnect in unhinge frustration . ( remember how Jennifer grey hang up the phone in ferris bueller ? yeah . ) she think , frantic ... until something new occur to she . struggle to calm herself a degree or two , she dial again . intercut with : int . bathroom - huff home - same close on dan , wince at the caller id but answer anyway . dan hey , uh , Angie 's close tonight . RUTH oh , actually , I be kinda wonder what you be up to ? dan I ...? he 's crouch next to Jana , who 's in the tub , she entire head cover in shave cream : two little eye in a blob of foam . dan ( cont 'd ) doin 's my own time , you know , not the institution 's . what 's up ? but she have second thought . RUTH it 's ...eh , you know what , it 's nothing . it 's okay . dan you sure ? RUTH yeah . yeah . sorry . click . Dan look at he phone , unsure , as the Jana - blob look at he and , b-blub , a tiny fart bubble break she bath water . end intercut . close on RUTH , breathe faster as the country music morph into she action theme which carry over to ... pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 29 . ext . grove STREET - night from the STREET sign , ' Grove Street 's , we tilt down as RUTH 's car pull up with its run light on . she double - check her phone , she face eerily green in the screen 's glow , and look across at -- 129 grove STREET , a trash - out party hovel at the end of a gravel drive . young folk milling in the dark yard . rap fuzze from inside , people hoot and cackle down there . RUTH glance up and down this block of dark shabby house , craggy low-hanging tree , deep shadow . spooky , all of it . she swallow , return she attention to -- 129 grove , where a girl now clumsily twerk in the yard as several boy film she with they phone , itching themselves . on Ruth . hmm . 129 grove , where one of the boy be now do push ups with another girl balanced on he back , sloshing she drink . girl ( distantly ) wooooc0e ! on Ruth . hmm. 129 grove , where a boy be arrange a watermelon before another boy who be spraying a aerosol into a '' potato gun '' ( a homemade contraption of pvc pipe . ) on Ruth , hmmm , just open she door when -- bam ! they FIRE the potato gun and the watermelon explode . on Ruth , holy shit , slamm the door and speed away . ext . tony 's house - night tony open the door . Ruth look wild - eye . fast dialogue -- RUTH I need back -up . tony ( zero hesitation ) okay . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 30 . RUTH you get that ninja stick ? tony nunchaku be a okinawan weapon -- RUTH Fine -- tony '' ninjas '' , as you call they , be -- RUTH right , okay -- tony I get something better . RUTH Fine . I just -- tony do you know what a morning star be ? RUTH I just -- no , I -- tony light out . RUTH I just need you to ride with I . tony right on . RUTH I be Ruth . tony I be tony . RUTH Nice to meet you . tony coooool . ext . grove STREET - night RUTH 's car pull up again : tony be drive now ( with Brian panting in the back ) , Ruth sit shotgun , point -- 31 . RUTH there . 129 grove , where the party appear to have move inside . one lone longhair smoker linger by the front door . tony nod , all business , but then ... bow he head , steeples he hand under he chin , whisper to himself . Ruth watch in confusion . ext . 129 grove STREET - night on the driveway , Ruth and tony walk towards we : kunch kunch kunch on the gravel . he carry a morning STAR flail and he belt buckle contain a throwing STAR . she look profoundly anxious as -- RUTH be you praying ? tony you ask for help . I ask for help . that 's how thing get do . ( with a sidelong smirk ) do not worry ... I be not gonna let anything happen to you . tracking with they as they approach the house . up ahead , the smoker see they come , take a wary drag . they arrive . a long beat of nobody know what to say . RUTH my computer be inside this house . smoker say what ? she show he she phone with the blink location app but -- smoker ( cont 'd ) I do not know what the fuck that be . RUTH I do not want trouble . my computer be steal , this say it 's in there , I just want it back . no question . can you please get it ? smoker I can get deez nut . 32 . RUTH ( perfectly confuse ) you can get this nut ? tony okay , tough guy , you have you chance -- and then this all happen very fast : tony drop into a fight stance and spin the morning STAR -- but smoker instantly snatch it from he hand -- grinning in victory , smoker tries to spin the morning STAR but --wak !--clip himself across the nose with the metal ball - — — smoker guh ! smoker drop the morning STAR , double over , hand flying to he broken nose as blood squirt from between he finger - — RUTH oh God be you --? smoker stagger inside -- int . front room - 129 grove - continuous -- where , blind , he trip and fall into a coffee table -- krash !-- totally shatter it . as smoker lay groaning on the floor , Ruth and tony ( with the morning star again ) come boil in behind he to see -- three kide ( 20 ) watch funny injury video on a laptop , all of they suddenly freeze and flabbergasted . a charge beat , everyone coiled and stare at each other as smoker lie moaning and bloody on the floor . one kid ( the one do push up before ) start to rise -- push ups what have you do to keith ? but tony hurl he throwing STAR --chnk !--into the wall . ( admittedly , many , many foot away from the kid . ) push ups ( cont ’d ) dude ! pink ( mm / dd/yyyy ) 33 . tony then bring out a m-80 firecracker , light it , toss it down the hall ( so everyone have to wait a awkward few second until ) k - bam ! push ups ( cont ’d ) RUTH dude ! stop ! ( to tony , ' stand down 's ) it 's okay . but now the girl be rise in anger ( the one who be twerk and the one who be go ' wooo ! ' ) -- wooo girl twerker this be totally both you ugly motherfucker inappropriate , come in here better drag you shit on like this -- violence be not outta here ' fore I get my power , you know , it 's , like , key out not fuck you both the the absence of -- fuck up -- RUTH shut up ! she do not merely scream this , she fuck erupt : she whole soul vent out . it 's like a e.m.p. , everything stop . in the ringing silence , she raise she phone like a pistol , slowly , deliberately , and aim it at that laptop ... the kid blink , still paralyze by she sonic boom . she tap she location app and ... b-be ! the laptop chime in response . b-be ! b-be ! at that , push up and the Girls seem to will . busted . tony shake he head in disgust . gotcha . Ruth extend she arm , eye lock on push up , and as one final youtube bike horn sound , she close the laptop . with ceremonial solemnity , she start to pull it away but ... RUTH ( cont ’d ) the power cord , please . and so woo girl bend down to unplug it , hand she the cord . Ruth stare at they , sadly . they can barely meet she gaze . 34 . RUTH ( cont ’d ) it do not feel good when people you do not know come into you house , do it ? ( beat ) where 's the silver and the medicine ? but push up be genuinely confuse ... push ups uh. there 's some thera flu in there but no silver . and I do not steal that , miss . cost I good money . RUTH what be you talk about ? push ups I buy it . RUTH buy it where ? push ups killer sill . RUTH what be that ? push ups consignment place out the way . sell everything , real cheap . wooo girl ( helpfully ) she get she first communion bracelet there . twerker hold up she bracelete wrist in confirmation . Ruth process all this , darkly . RUTH they get silverware there ? they shrug . I dunno , maybe . RUTH ( cont ’d ) write it down . push ups want I to drop a pin or --? 35 . RUTH no , man . on paper . shame -face , push up scribbles on a napkin and hand it to Ruth . she pocket it and , with a final glare , turn to go as -- tony pries he throwing STAR from the wall . he have to really wiggle it . take a while . he finally get it out and -- tony that 's how hard I throw it . ext . gravel drive - 129 grove - night RUTH 's action theme blast , subsume all sound as RUTH and tony stride away in slow motion . her eye glitter , gulp deep giddy breath . weightless . he look like a kid on Christmas who just get the best toy . nothing else matter . they share a_look . up ahead , Brian bark noiselessly at they from the back of her car , like he 's cheer racer to a finish line . int . front room - RUTH 's house - night normal SOUND & motion abruptly resume with some celebratory cajun blast ( gotta be '' hot chili mama '' by beausoleil ) and -- RUTH dance a exuberant victory dance with a pint of beam in one hand : part end Zone shuffle , part go - go shimmy . she 's not exactly graceful but she whole heart be in it . yess ! tony dance with all the rhythm of a motor throw a piston . he take a sip of booze , wince , not a big drinker . Brian pace happily between they . from across the room , Ruth smile at tony . he smile back . slowly pulling back from they until ... the front table enter frame , on which that plaster footprint mold be rest , its lightning bolt logo plainly visible . int . fancy bathroom - night close on a raggedy sneaker with that very same logo . and , we might notice , a strip of duct tape wrap around it . that flat stripe on the plaster mold . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 36 . pulling out from it as pop music hum through wall , gradually revealing someone on the toilet ... except , oh dear , they be actually atop the flush tank , they track pant down around they ankle : a dread Upper tanker . his name be christian ( 20 ) : raver thread , chop peroxide hair , andro - model look with hateful ice- chip eye . someone outside tap tentatively on the door . christian ( pleasantly ) just a sec ! he wipe , pull up he pants , replace the tank lid . he run the faucet ( without wash ) and rummages through -- a jewelry BOX , pockete valuable item : ring , a necklace . he cut the faucet . grin at himself . a craze vampire grin . int . upstair hallway —- mcmansion - same Christian emerge wear he '' normal person smile '' but the yuppie wife wait there be still startle -- yuppie wife the guest bathroom be downstairs . christian it be a emergency . perturb , she glance into the bathroom as -- we track with christian , strolling away , cool as a cucumber . int . stair - mcmansion - continuous we track christian downstairs into music and party chatter . int . first floor - mcmansion - continuous a suburban crowd with they cocktail and parent storey : Christian cut through they like a panther through geese . he 's move towards the front door but ... ahead through the crowd , he see yuppie wife point he out to she husband , who 's come this way so -- 37 . Christian do a mellow about-face . ext . driveway - mcmansion - same Christian roll out from under the propped - open garage door and trot away until - - the husband step out to block he path , '' friendly '' . husband hey there . christian ( instantly '' in character '' ) oh hey , buddy ! husband you be a guest of miranda 's , right ? christian right . John . you guy have a beautiful home . husband thanks , we try . remind I again , where do you know miranda from ? christian ah , from work . she 's be a great mentor , I be learn so much . husband drop the act , coldly bring out he phone . yuppie husband I want you to stand right there , I be go to call the police . christian aw , c’mon , man ... Christian suddenly notice someone over husband 's shoulder -- christian ( cont ’d ) oh , good , there you be ! so husband look back but , oop , make ya look -- christian leap at he like a feral animal . husband try to defend himself but it 's too late , he go down thrashing . 38 . ext . upscale neighborhood - night Christian walk briskly down the block , out of breath . his shirt have a little bit of blood on it . he glance back at the distant voice back there ... voice ( 0.s. ) oh my God ! call 911 ! .+.- and sprint onward to the van park in the shadow . ext . seclude lot - night the van pull in , the light cut off . Christian hop out . ext . dark wood - night the silhouette of Christian drift towards we , pause now to listen , head cocked like a bird . christian Marshall ? a shimmering female face glow out of the blackness , briefly illuminate by she cigarette cherry . her name be dez ( 20 ) , hippie-child wraith with strange serpentine eye . she gesture c’mon and melt away in a swirl of smoke . ext . there camp - night dez lead Christian over a ridge to a low clearing where ... a man-shape be hunch beside a small campfire . suck a thin glass pipe , set it down with a euphoric exhale . he run a comb through he greasy hair . homemade cat tattoos on he hand . this be marshall ( 5as ) : maybe a hobo , maybe a ghoul in he ratty car coat and shred cowboy boot . dez stretch out on she sleep bag , watch as ... Marshall pat the ground beside he . Christian sit and bring out the stolen item , offer they to Marshall who hold they in the firelight for inspection . he be pleased . marshall now we be cooking with gas . 39 . and Christian , in turn , be pleased . he 's a good puppy . in fact , Marshall literally scratch he under the chin . pushing in on marshall as he smile he yellow tooth at dez . pushing in on dez as she blow smoke , give he a kissy face . int . front room - early next morning the ceiling fan whir . Ruth rise into frame : peer down through she red-ey hangover at -- tony , dead asleep on the couch , drool freely . snrr. she drop back out of frame again . int . kitchen - day Ruth and tony quietly eat pancake . occasional furtive glance at each other . fork clink on plate . Brian pants on the floor , look from one to the other . after a bit , Ruth dig into she pocket , bring out that napkin , stare at it a moment ... and slide it across . slowly chew , tony stare at it . sius , read the scribble , rr2 box49 . he lift he eye to hers . he nod one time . she nod back . ext . killer sill 's place - day on a rural route mailbox , ' 19 - sill salvage consignment 's , which we pan off of as RUTH 's car pull into this dusty lot , park next to a empty spot . Ruth and tony get out , glance about , and we track with they past rows of table stack with all manner of second -hand junk . hot sun and dust , fly buzzing steadily over it all . a handful of shopper , poor folk with sunburn , quietly pick through old baby clothes and use sewing machine . the nexus of it all be a corrode barn , its high door open into a cave of blackness . as they drift that way ... 40 . tony ( hushed ) maybe we should hold hand . ( off she ' huh ? 's look ) like we be engage . so , hand in hand now , they approach the barn . she note : the weird symbol , burn into the transom : porcupine logo and evil eye and masonic pyramid . a fade ' truther 's poster : the burn wic and ' do the math ! 's a disuse carousel horse lean against the barn . nota real horse , the hand -scrawl sign inform we . int . barn - killer sill 's place - same as they enter the dim interior , a motion sensor bing ! killer sill ( 80s ) lift he black pebble eye from the keyboard he 's repair . a Santa 's elf go to seed , he look permanently startle under he Nick nolte mugshot hair . from above , Ruth and tony approach , row of high shelve on either side , full of STUFF like the end of raider . tracking with they , scan the inventory . bird flutter in the rafter . a raccoon crawl in a corner . Ruth swallow as they near he , put on a anxious smile . tony catch this , give her hand a reassure squeeze . RUTH good afternoon , sir , uh -- killer sill you like music ? RUTH mm , sure , everyone like -- killer sill ( show the keyboard ) five preset tone , 9.38 killa-hertz sample rate with three unique demo mode : ' calypso 's , ' disco dance 's , and ' rock not Roll 's , here ... pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 41 . RUTH tony oh , wow , it 's great but -- we do not really need -- he hit demo for some 8 - bit calypso with intense eye contact . tony no , thank you -- killer sill and . he hit demo again , for some funky DISCO , more eye contact . tony no , really , thank you , but -- killer sill annnd . but this time it 's a bland 4 / 4 beat and tony 's kinda into it -- tony huh . RUTH we be really wonder if you have any antique silver service . sill look at she . blink wetly . reaches one finger out to tap the keyboard and stop ' the rock 's . it 's suddenly very quiet . Ruth shift uncomfortably under sill 's wounded stare . as he strain up out of he chair -- killer sill ( sadly , quietly ) if you do not like music you can just say so . int . side aisle - barn - same as sill morosely lead they to shelf of silverware sets ... RUTH be you ah , you new item in any particular area ? killer sill they be antique . RUTH oh , no , I just mean -- pink ( mm / dd / yyyy ) 42 . bing ! there 's another customer , so sill shuffles away . alone now , Ruth search a shelf and tony search another as the voice of sill and he customer drift indistinctly o.s. but then the voice and all SOUND dissolve into dreamy score as Ruth 's eye lock on something and she come towards we . there . a plain polished wooden BOX with a plain brass monogram : ' sk . 's she lift the lid , the silver inside gleam . see this , she eye water a little bit ... int . elsewhere - day ( flashback ) grandma sally , a wee sweet old lady in a haze of warm sunlight , chuckle with she Virginia slim 100 and iced tea . int . side aisle - barn - same normal SOUND resume as Ruth look down at her hand , which be shaking , so she make a fist . whisper to tony -- RUTH this be it . tony you sure ? RUTH ( be : the monogram ' Sally . kimke . ' ( then , with resolve ) go start the car . excite and terrify , tony nod himself into action . int . barn —- same tony walk quickly towards the exit : try so hard to look casual that he appear to have a board up he ass . out of focus behind he , sill dicker with a customer . sill two hundred for this . final . customer they be my Mom 's . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 43 . sill so take 'o m to a regulate outfit . ( beat ) mmhm . what I think . ext . killer sill 's place - same tony stiff - walk to ruth's car and as he slip in -- we see that empty spot be now fill with christian 's van . int . RUTH 's car - same in he nerve , tony grind the starter , vrr ! he glance over to see marshall watch he from the van 's passenger window . tony smile . Marshall smile back , poisonously , with dez behind he . int . side aisle - barn - same with a breath for courage , Ruth gather the silver set in she arm and we lead her out of the aisle . int . barn - continuous tracking her as she head towards the entrance but -- killer sill ( 0.s. ) sure be unload yourself , last few day . customer ( 0.s. ) yeah , we be move away , so ... killer sill ( 0.s. ) uh huh . '' move . '' she slow , stare in confuse recognition at -- christian 's sneaker that now fill the foreground of this low shot : the lightning bolt logo , the duct tape wrapping it . on Ruth , stunne as she realize it : that 's she thief . at the register , with the jewelry on the counter between they , sill pass Christian some cash and he quickly split . 44 , ext . killer sill 's place - same Christian hustle out , count the bill as he move . Ruth follow , hugging the silver set , hypnotize by he . int . RUTH 's car - same tony twist in he seat to see she trail slowly along -- tony c'mon , c'mon , c'mon ... ext . killer sill 's place - same tracking RUTH through the table , Christian angle away from she , towards the van when -- killer sill ( 0.s. ) hold on there ... she look back to see sill come after she , point . int . RUTH 's car - same through the back window , tony watch sill approach Ruth -- tony oh , no , no , no ... -- and now notice Christian hopping into the van 's driver seat , Marshall give he a oily salute as they back out . ext . killer sill 's place - same see the van start to pull away -- RUTH stop ! halt ! -- she break into a trot , still hugging the silver set . and see this , sill now run after she . killer sill oh no you don ’t ! shopper watch idly as the hobbity old man scrabble after the young woman awkwardly jogging away with the wooden box . 45 . killer sill ( cont ’d ) just stop right there ! RUTH this be stolen property . killer sill c'mere ! RUTH no ! sill swoops in , clutch her elbow -- a flash of impulsive rage : RUTH jerk free and -- smak !-- bash sill in the face with the BOX . silverware fly loose . he stagger , stunne , blood in he mouth . Wide -ey shopper see this happen : oh shit , she 's evil . Ruth sway , aghast : what have I do ? RUTH ( cont ’d ) oh...no ... I do not .... sill turn he face up to she and we see it change , fill with rage of he own , and he lash at she like a viper -- killer sill you hit I ! awkward and instantaneous , she throws up one arm to ward he off but he get hold of her middle finger and --snap ! they break apart and the color drain from Ruth 's face as -- she lift her hand , sees her finger bent back ninety -degree . RUTH guh . tight on killer sill , livid -- killer sill now look what you make I do -- thup ! tony 's foot impact the side of he face and sill drop like a sack of wet laundry . tony side kick . 46 . tony hurriedly toss whatever silver he can back into the box , quaking with giddy adrenaline over what he just do . sill be out cold , mouth agape , snoring as fly buzz he . Ruth be hunch over , clammy - grey , gaze miserably out at -- the van disappearing around a distant curve in the road . as tony help she to she foot -- tony ( cont 'd ) that be a side kick . a few shopper be steal shit now and run away . int . emergency room - day close on RUTH 's hand as a splint be apply to she finger . close on the doctor , focus on he work for a bit . then ... doctor the uh ... that mail slot , huh ? close on tony , observe from the sideline , tight - lipped . close on RUTH , look sad and exhaust . RUTH yeah . a beat . doctor must have really slam it hard . her lip quiver , almost cry but not . softly ... RUTH slam the shit outta it . close on a BOX of ' percodan 's be open . rip ! close on RUTH 's hand , two fat pill drop into the palm . close on RUTH 's mouth as she gulp ‘em and chug water . glug ! int . RUTH 's car ( moving ) - day tony drive . Ruth stare out like a zombie , high as fuck , but troubled . some cheerful pop number play softly on the radio . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 47 . tony see ... you pivot on the ball of you foot and snap you hip out at the same time . that transmit a huge amount of power outward through the leg . it 's devastating when deploy correctly . do not seem like she hear he . he let it go . RUTH that guy mighta kill I . tony him ? Nah . he 's scrappy , I 'il give he that , but he let emotion cloud he flow . amateur stuff . RUTH no . he want to hurt I . I see he eye ... after I hit he . he can see that pain she . tony hey . you do not do anything wrong . that 's you silver . RUTH he do not know that . tony do not matter . RUTH you superpower be certainty . he 's flatter but she do not notice , she 's spiraling . RUTH ( cont ’d ) what if he have a gun ? or a knife ? he mighta kill you , too . he ... ( beat ) I be so sorry . tony sorry ? I should be thanking you . for the first time here , she look at he . huh ? tony ( cont 'd ) I do not uh ... I do not really have too many friend . I have be tell I be obnoxious ? which be ... anyways . ( more ) pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 48 . tony ( cont 'd ) my life be ... ( a little shrug ) but today I feel electric . she nod blearily . it make a weird kind of sense . RUTH I be not scared . I mean , I be ... but it have no weight . and I be always scared . she turn she gaze back out the window again ... ruth's Pov , slide by pile of garbage , by hunched pedestrian , by neon - lit shopfront . blurr decay . her voice seem to come from elsewhere . lose . RUTH ( cont ’d ) what be we do ? tony umm . whatever you want ? I mean , I gotta take Brian for a walk but -- RUTH what be we do here . the world . he think a moment , but he know this one . tony try to be good . or be better . RUTH quantify that shit . tony I mean , y’know ... value and whatnot . RUTH that 's not a real thing . that 's a poster with a kitten on it . tony it be a real thing . RUTH what about I ? be I good ? tony yes . of course you be . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 49 . RUTH I clubbed a old man . tony well , yeah -- RUTH in the face . tony yeah -- RUTH with a big wooden box . tony right , but in combat situation -- RUTH there 's no upside . we come from star , you know . he look at she : what 's this gibberish ? tony the upside be that nothing end . there 's always time . you continue . RUTH where ? tony ( '' obviously '' ) somewhere better . RUTH '' Heaven ? '' tony I be not say cloud and harp and stuff ... but there be more . I know that . RUTH how do you know it ? tony I just know it . RUTH ( very quiet ) I do not wanna die . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 50 . tony you will not . she grimace at that . tony ( cont 'd ) nnnot .... right now ? RUTH it 's just gonna be black . tony no . it will not . RUTH yes , tony . it will . just ... ( snap she finger ) like when you switch off a t.v. tony but ... that 's so hopeless . she shrug . he consider she , vex . finally ... tony ( cont 'd ) can I show you something ? RUTH mhmm ... show I . as the radio fade into a JOHN hughes-y love song ( '' bring on the Dancing horse '' by echo & the bunnymen be perfect ) she head loll back in a druggy stupor ... int . first redeemer episcopal church - day Ruth drift towards we down the aisle , eye draw upwards in awe as the song subsume all SOUND . a mural of '' heaven '' spread before she : it 's a community art project , so Jesus and all the happy folk with him in the green sunny field resemble grin misshapen cavemen . but , gaze up at it , she begin to smile . wider now , Ruth and tony in a pew . fluorescent bank and drop ceiling : a small , new construction church , full of people . the minister read he sermon . we can not hear he but he body language suggest a calm , grandfatherly warmth . pushing in on Ruth , hearing he word , smile dreamily . 51 . closer on the minster as he '' word '' fall into sync with the chorus of the song . he 's not perform it , he 's just read he regular sermon , but he lip subtly form the lyric . next to Ruth , tony glance over at she sidelong . take in the curve of she cheek , the line of she neck . there hand be rest on the pew , close together . he move he pinky , ever so slightly , so that it brushes hers . she look at he . he look at she . ext . STREET - there neighborhood - twilight the song continue over this long shot in which Ruth and tony head away from we in the fade light , take Brian out for a walk . ( and tony have a plastic bag at the ready , btw . ) int . front room - tony 's house - sunset the song continue as we find Ruth and tony sit on he sheet - cover couch in the stream of gold - orange light through the window . Brian be curl up nearby . slowly pushing in on they , side by side , not talk , not move ... until she tilt she head to rest it on he shoulder . fade out . int . the van - night heavy rock on the radio ( '' forever my Queen '' , pentagram ! ) as marshall nervously count the cash for maybe the tenth time . headlight play on he face and he look up . Christian gobbles some of RUTH 's meds and look up . dez be doze off but now she look up , too . dez finally . through the windshield , they watch a heavy pickup truck glide into this crowded parking lot like a great white shark . ext . ROADHOUSE parking lot - same Marshall , affect a careless swagger , lead they along . Christian be tense . only dez be genuinely relaxed . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 52 . the lot be clogge with noisy biker and rough character hang around the seedy bar that throbs in the background . ahead , ooze from he pickup to greet some pal , be the one and only donkey dick ( 40s ) . corpulent redneck supreme . Marshall ( and crew ) arrive at the outskirt of donkey Dick 's jocular group and laugh along with a joke he do not hear . donkey Dick regards they with open contempt . donkey dick not gonna waste my time again , be ya ? marshall nope . we be whole . donkey dick yeah ? butthole , maybe . that get big laugh . donkey dick ( cont ’d ) y'all be sleep in that van ? marshall ( want to make a smart remark but ) n-no. donkey dick Cause one a you three stink . ai not quite fish but it be not quite chicken , neither , so I be at a loss . more big laugh . marshall it 's pork chop : we just drop you Mom off . yikes . no over laugh . ( but someone do snicker quietly . ) donkey Dick sizzle , infuriate . Marshall hold he ground . Christian swell he chest . dez look like she 's watch a mildly diverting sitcom . as donkey Dick open the lock BOX in he pickup bed and yank out a paper grocery bag -- donkey dick c’mon , ya fuckin’ comedian . 53 . ext . the van - ROADHOUSE parking lot - same vump ! the van door slide open and donkey Dick set the paper bag inside with a clink ! a semi-private staging area . Christian and dez be hang back , but they crane to see -- as Marshall open the bag , practically salivate . it 's two handggun ( a 4 - inch .38 revolver & a .45 auto ) and a sawed - off double - barrel shotgun . loose shell in Ziploc bag . Marshall work the action on the shotgun , klik ! k- klak ! it 's kind of rusty and bang up , not the cleanest weapon . marshall action 's a little janky . donkey dick gonna do brain surgery with it ? get whatcha pay for not you could barely pay for this . donkey Dick swat he and Marshall hand over the cash . as donkey Dick count it , Marshall give a satisfied nod to dez and Christian and slide the bag out of sight . marshall ( turn to donkey Dick ) very happy that we could finally -- wak ! donkey dick slap marshall so hard across the face that he denture pop out as he fall . Christian step forward but dez subtly block he : do not . donkey Dick pocket the money , shake he hand out . donkey dick bring my Mom into it . the kid wait until he 's stomp off before ... dez scoops Marshall 's denture out of the dirt , reach into the van for a bottle of pepsi to rinse they off . Christian help Marshall stand . he can not help but look diminish , accept he tooth and slip they back in . but he rally , a brittle little smile , a hoarse chuckle ... marshall egg and omelet , like they say . 54 . int . front room - tony 's house - dawn Ruth stir out of a deep , sweaty , painkiller sleep on the couch . her first movement bring a gasp of pain . she remember she broken finger , wince at it . then at ... the plate of american cheese slice ( wrap ) and a soda pop that tony put out for she . a faint smile at that . but next to it be she silver set , badly scratch , some bent utensil stick out . and she expression harden . tony ( 0.s. ) how 's the finger ? wider , tony 's shirtless in the kitchen doorway with a bowl of cereal , sweaty from a workout . Ruth stare at she silver . RUTH ( almost to herself ) fucker get away . tony yeah , but ... you get it all back , right ? RUTH they be inside my house . tony ( philosophical shrug ) so give the cop the tag number . doubt they can do anything ... but you never know . RUTH ( clench tooth ) I do not get the tag number . tony ( mouth full of cereal ) oh , I do . she swivel slowly to face he . he chomp , open face . tony ( cont 'd ) do not I say that ? int . tony 's bedroom - day he computer be click on . bzzt ! 55 . screen glow reveal brian , panting happily in the darkness . tony spin in he chair to face we , bath in screen glow . tony it 's all just one and zeroe . binary data connect by thread , like a web . RUTH yeah . it 's ... call the web . she glance around the dim messy room : dirty sock , microwave popcorn , a samurai sword . heavy curtain keep the sun out . tony ( like he do not hear she ) just gotta know how to dodge the spider . he type , hard and fast , '' the master hacker '' apparently . tony ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) you be so sly , but so ami ... on screen , a waterfall of porno pop - ups . amateur slutz ! , etc. tony ( cont 'd ) ( hastily reboot it ) oops . second later , he 's typing hard again , totally focus . tony ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) open sesame ... on screen , it 's just google : '' look up a license plate ? '' tony ( cont 'd ) oh. need a credit card . second later , Ruth 's read she visa as he type along -- RUTH eight . four. six. nine . five. Zero. Zero. Zero. one. tony and the expiration ? RUTH eleven , nineteen . pink ( mm / dd/yyyy ) 56 . tony cvc code ? second later , he click ! the mouse and they both lean in . tony ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) gotcha . on screen , a result page for www . tagsearch . com , which read vehicle registration : rumack , christian S. , 8800 lake circle . RUTH ( like spitting out acid ) Christian rumack . int . bendix 's cubicle - police station - day Ruth sit anxiously , watch detective bendix gloomily poke at she plaster foot mold with he pen . eventually ... bendix what do you do , miss kimke ? RUTH I be a nursing assistant . bendix do you enjoy it ? her answer take a moment to bloom , unhappily . RUTH I do not know anymore . bendix mm. suppose I come to where you do that , you hospital -- RUTH it 's a post - op facility . bendix okay , suppose I come there and say , you know , maybe not that medicine , Ruth , maybe this one instead , dontcha think ? RUTH that 's not what I -- 57 . bendix you present a certainty that the owner of a vehicle you happen to see at a garage sale be the same individual -- RUTH his footprint -- bendix -- who burglarize you home and he foot , accord to this , be make out of scramble egg . you tell I this with a straight face , the suggestion be that I be incompetent at my job . RUTH no ! no , sir , that 's not what I mean , I - I - I have recover my computer and -- bendix I understand the chain of event as you tell they . do it occur to you that the people who have you computer in the first place be the one who break into you house ? RUTH yeah but -- bendix occam 's razor and so forth . RUTH yeah but -- what ? bendix do it occur to you that approach a criminal suspect without official capacity be a good way to get you wig knock off ? what happen to you finger ? ( off she non-response ) be you engage in a confrontation ? RUTH ( be : she break finger ) it be a accident . 58 . bendix have you be able to replace you medication ? RUTH ( frosting over at that ) oh. I see . he push the plaster mold back towards she . scraaaape . she stare at he a long , helpless beat . RUTH ( cont ’d ) why do not you want to help I ? be not that you job ? bendix ( swell with fury ) my job ? I be do my job . you be not a professional . you be a interferer . you think because you leave you door wide open for some punk to stroll on in that the whole universe somehow now revolve around you ? grow up . we have a man beat unconscious in he driveway last night by a total stranger and now he have skull splinter in he brain . the world be bigger than you silverware . people be experience bigger problem , people be -- I be be divorced , do you know that ? do you even bother to ... he look away , one hand over he mouth , snuffle pitifully . some nearby cop exchange a look : ugh , this shit again . bendix ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) [ snnf . ] embarrass and unsure what to do , Ruth glance around ... and then reach out to put she hand on he -- but he yank back as if scald . glaring at she , he wipe he nose . make some note , clear he throat . bendix ( cont 'd ) go home , miss kimke . she slide the registration printout towards he , tapping it where it say ' rumack 's -- 59 . RUTH but ... this be the guy -- he snatch it , ball it up , toss it . bendix no . it be not . and if you engage in vigilante action or mess around with this any further I will not hesitate to have you clapped up . follow I ? she smolder . int . RUTH 's car - police station parking lot - day tony wait at the wheel , watch as -- Ruth come stomping back with she plaster mold , get in , slam the door . he can see she 's furious , give it a moment . tony now what ? as she turn to he , unblink , her action theme kick in , turbocharged with additional frenzied percussion . int . grocery aisle - day that same sloppy man be here again and , again , he drop a bag of chip , and again Ruth snatch it up for he but now -- RUTH pick up you shit . and then she grab a BOX of kide cereal : ' free Inside ! junior g-man badge !' int . grocery checkout - day Ruth and a guy arrive simultaneously but Ruth do not defer . RUTH Excuse I . ext . RUTH 's car - grocery parking lot - day from the driver' seat , tony watch uncertainly as ... pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 60 . Ruth dump all of the cereal out , spilling it crazily , and then paw inside the box for -- the cheap chrome '' police '' badge she be promise . ext . wooded drive ( moving ) - day tracking with RUTH 's car , plow steadily ahead as her action theme crescendos and then -- int . RUTH 's car - lake circle - day -- it cut . Ruth and tony , park , both stare out at -- tony musta rob a ton of house . the rumack mansion , across the road , set back into the tree : a secluded cabin palace . a few luxury car ... but no van . ext . front yard - rumack mansion - day tracking they as they near the house , Ruth take note of -- the menagerie of rattan animal , crafty if ostentatious lawn decoration : a elephant , a tiger , and a giraffe . pass they , she hear a faint , ghostly rawwwr : the throaty rumble of a jungle cat . she double - take the TIGER : the fuck ? ext . front door - rumack mansion - day nok-nok ! meredith rumack ( 40 ) open with a klieg - light smile . Nails , hair , makeup : all perfect but age be close in . meredith yes ? Ruth flash she badge , tony loom behind she in aviator . RUTH tony good morning , mar 'o be , I be -- police . meredith blink , still smile , and Ruth reset . ahem . RUTH could we have a moment of you time , please ? 61 . int . MAIN room —- rumack mansion - day meredith lead they into the expansive , immaculate home , genuinely delighted to have visitor , relentlessly cheerful . meredith y'all care for some coffee ? RUTH tony no , thank you -- not necessary . meredith ( cont 'd ) no trouble , I just press a button on the machine -- boop ! it will do a cappuccino , too , it 's like a.i. RUTH tony in that case ... do you have cashew milk ? meredith ( cont 'd ) I bet I can find something ! meredith breeze off , leave they in this vast show of wealth . tony linger over a photo of meredith , beauty pageant winner , age ago . Ruth gaze at another photo , a tan blond man in pastel racing leather , pose himself before some outre concept car . RUTH I need to talk with Christian rumack . be he here ? int . kitchen - rumack mansion - same as meredith work the fancy coffee machine ... meredith well , he 's stilll out . y'know , with he '' friend . '' I expect he back who know when . talk about what ? RUTH ( 0.s. ) choice he make . .-.- she add a few finger of sherry to she own cup . meredith I oughta make sandwich , then . that could take all day . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 62. int . MAIN room - same as meredith set out the coffee tray for everyone ... RUTH do you know Christian 's whereabouts the day of -- tony ( sip he cappuccino ) a machine do this ? meredith yup . tony huh . I work at a Borders . meredith the bookstore ? tony yes , but they have a cafe , too . I get pretty good with the steamer . could do smiley face , winking face , uh , peace symbol , heart ... meredith wow . tony oak leave . just take practice . RUTH would you happen to know Christian 's whereabouts the day before yesterday ? meredith I would barely know he whereabouts any day . he come and go , y’know ? Ruth glance around , vaguely confuse . RUTH but ...he do have a job ? meredith some have argue that 's all he have . RUTH what 's he do ? meredith look at Ruth over the rim of she cup . gulp , gulp . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 63 . meredith ( air quote ) '' lawyer . '' you know . RUTH be ... - he in he van now ? meredith oh ... at '' van '' , she vibe shift : smirky disdain to curious concern . meredith ( cont 'd ) that 's Chris junior you be talk about . Christian get he that van for he sixteenth if he get all B 's . he flunk but get to keep it anyway . just sayin’ . Ruth process . RUTH do you know where you son be now ? meredith step -son . I have no idea where he be . we have not seem he in , jeez , almost a year ? he get into drug , be in jail a little bit , start run around with people he meet in there . creep . his father finally cut he off , just recently , cancel he ATM card , everything . tough love and whatnot . ( drop she voice ) tmi but chrissy always make I kinda nervous , even before all that . you ever see the omen ? rumack ( 0.s. ) the hell be this ? CHRIS rumack ( 5as ) , a wasp God , the race car man from the photo , apparently at the end of a all - night bender , glare unsteadily from the vestibule with cesar ( 40s ) , he flunky with the dead - eye look of private security . meredith the police be ask about chrissy . rumack pointedly zip he fly , which be down , and ... 64 . rumack ( to Ruth / tony ) that you shitbox out front ? RUTH y-y , sir , but -- fast : Cesar draw a glock 9 mm from a conceal carry holster and level it on Ruth and tony -- cesar hand . they hand go up so fast both coffee cup go fly . k-kash ! meredith ( ' the rug . 's ohh . Cesar dart forward to quickly pat they both down , and -- cesar do not move . -- he dart from the room in a tactical crouch as rumack watch they , nastily amused , polish he half -tint . Ruth and tony : both visibly freak out . RUTH Sir -- he put a finger to he lip . hush . and she do . he take a moment , pull he tie the rest of the way off , rub he red , puffy eye , smack he lip . and finally ... rumack meredith . be you retarded ? meredith do not you dare use the R word around I ! rumack that be not police . meredith I know that . rumack then why be you talk to they ? 65 . meredith because I be fuck borrre ! rumack oh shut up , not that again -- meredith look at yourself ! you be lucky all we be do be talk . rumack do not flatter yourself , baby . as meredith storm out in exasperation -- meredith I guess I will just get some soda for the rug . cesar ( 0.s. ) clear ! Cesar trot back in , he weapon lower but still in play . cesar ( cont 'd ) clear . rumack gesture , lower you hand . they do . rumack .».. come home to this shit . okay . who be you ? RUTH tony my name be Ruth . I invoke my fifth amendment -- rumack ( cont 'd ) what be you do here . RUTH you son break into my house and steal my stuff . from 0.s. , meredith slam cabinet in the kitchen . bam ! bam ! rumack knock it off . a beat . rumack ( cont 'd ) ( back to Ruth ) what 's that get -- 66 . bam ! he fume . rumack ( cont 'd ) what 's that get to do with I ? RUTH I think he live here . rumack so you impersonate cop to ... why ? RUTH to find he if he be not here . rumack to what end ? RUTH to confront he . rumack '' how dare you . wah , wah . '' like that ? Ruth 's revulsion at this sarcasm melt through she fear . RUTH yes. exactly . you can not do that to people . rumack you say that like it mean something . look , I do not condone my son 's behavior but anyone can do anything if you let they . welcome to the world . you watch the news , do not you ? his word physically rattle she , she have to recover . RUTH no wonder he turn out like he do . rumack you have kid ? her non-response be a ' no . 's rumack ( cont 'd ) so you have no idea what you be talk about , do you ? ( more ) 67 . rumack ( cont 'd ) Christian have more opportunity and assistance than ninety - nine-point - — nine percent of the people on this planet and that 's because of I , of what I do for he , what I provide . if he decide to flush it and live like a degenerate because of mental weakness that 's he choice , he be allow that to happen just as you allow yourself to be victimize , but do not come to I with that nature - nurture horseshit . how much ? RUTH h-how much what ? rumack hurl he glass aside -- wak ! --a sudden micro-tantrum , he temper just as instantly recover into a shrill grin . Ruth and tony be stunne and ... in the now - charge silence , meredith stomp back in with paper towel and seltzer water to sop up the coffee . meredith ( mutter ) probably gonna stain . rumack bring out he wallet , thumb the cash inside . rumack how much do you want ? staredown : furious Ruth vs. smirk rumack . tony 's eye jump between they . meredith ignore it all , work on that stain . RUTH I do not want a payoff . rumack then I be confuse . what do you want ? she sift for it , right there on the tip of she tongue : RUTH for people ...to not ... be asshole . rumack put the wallet away , now genuinely concerned . rumack oh , child ... 68. he approach she , reach he hand out , and she flinch slightly but allow he to ... rest it briefly on she forehead . tony watch . Cesar watch . even meredith , now , watch . rumach huh . think you might have a fever . and he '' concern '' morph back into that nasty grin of condescension . Ruth burn : fuck. this. dude . RUTH ( to Cesar ) be you go to shoot we ? Cesar say nothing . rumack snort . rumack do not be so goddamn dramatic . RUTH then we will leave . she stand , wait for wobbly - kneed tony , and they head out . tony ( to meredith ) thank you for the cappuccino . the foam be amazing . meredith ( glumly , without look ) you be very welcome . Ruth stalk past rumack , eye dead ahead . ext . front yard - rumack mansion - same leading RUTH and tony away , rumack in the door behind they -- rumack you can tell yourself you have do something here , if that 's 1ll help . really take a stand . she grind she jaw , but do not stop , do not turn . and he slam ! the door at they back . tracking they across the huge lawn , pass that animal as tony trot to keep up . 69 . tony you know what ? people like that , that 's just unhappiness eat ‘em up . you oughta feel sorry for he . ( when she do not reply ) want I to drive ? RUTH sure . at RUTH 's car , tony get behind the wheel but ... Ruth stop . something dark churn on she face for a moment and ... she turn and jog back across the yard . her action theme wail but it 's play in reverse , distort and unholy . from the car , tony watch in mount horror as -- RUTH attack the elephant , savagely try to uproot it but it 's sturdier than it look . a wild , grunt frenzy . tony whoa whoa whoa ! krak ! RUTH fall backward , the snap - off trunk of the elephant in she hand . so she re-double and -- attack the TIGER instead , coiling she entire body around it , ferociously wrenching it loose . SNAP ! ( and faintly , almost subconsciously , the tiger rawwr . ) from the car , tony watch , aghast as -- RUTH awkwardly sprint back , hugging the huge TIGER . tony ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? she jam the TIGER into the back seat -— RUTH tony ( cont 'd ) ( under she beath ) what be you do ? why be .-. get the fuck in there ... you do that ?! she jump in the driver 's side , scoot he over to yank the gearshift and rev they away , vrrrm ! but as they fly out of frame , we drift back to find that ... christian 's van be park in the far background , partially obscure by tree , fifty yard away . 70 . int . van - down the road - same Christian , Marshall , and dez watch RUTH 's car vanish around the bend . as she engine fade in the distance , Marshall look sternly to Christian , as if expect a explanation . christian I ... I have no idea . marshall yeah ? Cause they be at the place yesterday , too . christian what ? no , they be not -- dez yeah , they be . the girl yell at we . Christian gape , flummox and airless . christian I mean ... fuck it , let 's just do it , he 's finally there now -- marshall ( point after Ruth ) I be not do a damn thing until I know what they piece in this be . they be on we yesterday , they be here today , she 's obviously nut , you tell I you be comfortable with that ? we already get the security man to think about . you wanna walk into some kinda dog-fuck not take another fall ? Cause ol 's Marshall will not be there this time to put a coat on ya , that 's for certain . christian okay . Fine . what be I suppose to do about it ? dez ask she . he look to Marshall , whose blank look co-sign the order : do it . so Christian pop it into gear ... int . RUTH 's who drive 71 . S car ( movin ) - day in moody silence with the TIGER freeze mid-roar behind they . the silence stretch . eventually ... Long beat . RUTH what ? tony what do you mean , what ? RUTH what 's you problem ? tony that 's not you lawn tiger . RUTH do you hear that guy ? tony I hear he . but he 's not the one that break into you house and that 's not you lawn tiger . if I would know that be gonna be the , the , y'know , the objective ... RUTH I get it . tony of the mission . RUTH I get it . tony I would not have participate . RUTH yeah , I get it . and thanks for the backup in there . tony the - -? all I have do be back you up . RUTH ' til now . he do not know how else to say it , so ... 72 . tony that 's not you lawn tiger . she have not look at he the whole time and she do not now . RUTH ( under she breath ) right . ' what would Jesus do 's , huh ? ouch . he turn away . moody silence resume , big time . ext . STREET - tony 's house - day RUTH 's car pull over at tony 's house . can a car look morose ? tony get out without a word . Ruth watch he go : she 's cool off and she feel rotten . RUTH tony ... he give a little forget it wave without look back and disappear inside . ext . front yard - RUTH 's house - day close on the ' no dog shit 's sign , as RUTH 's car jerk to a halt in the out -of - focus background , and out - of - focus Ruth then wrestle the TIGER out ... she kick the sign in anger as she pass it . thup ! int . front room - RUTH 's house - day the bag with the heavy plaster mold drop on the table . thud . the TIGER be hurl into the room . pash ! Ruth kick it only to stub the shit out of she toe - - wak ! RUTH fucking . .. thing . she flop onto the couch , drop she face into she hand , clutches fistful of she hair : some old fashioned seethe . in time , she deep - breathes herself out of the red zone and stare out the window a while . what a fuck mess . all in one shot now , she get up and head into ... 73 . int . kitchen - hallway - continuous ... with she opened front door visible in the background until she veer off to the fridge . open it . get a beer . gulping deeply from the can , we track with her back the way she come , she front door reappearing in the background and ... christian be now stand just outside it , this dark background shape she wisp by without notice and head into - int . bedroom - continuous where she peel out of she sweaty shirt , slip on a fresh one , pause to gulp more beer . feeling a little better . int . kitchen - hallway - continuous she come back but pause suddenly , look at ... the empty front door which , eerily , be just now shutting the last few slow inch on its pneumatic closer . pssshh-click . she stare at that . walk towards it . int . front room - continuous leading her towards the door as she look out , up and down the block , but see nothing . huh. weird . behind her , Christian materialize in the kitchen doorway . he 's right there , inside the fuck house . that crazy grin . her back be to he , take a sip as he walk towards she . twelve foot away . eight foot . five foot ... christian what have you tell my dad ? gasp ! she whirl at he voice -- her dropped Beer crash to the floor --kak ! terror reflex : she grab the plastic bag with the heavy plaster mold in it and swing it in a brutal arc and -- shak ! this makeshift flail crush he larynx . this be all maybe three - quarter of a second . Christian stagger , astonished , both hand jerk to he throat which be make a horrible , reedy , whistling noise . 74 . Ruth , pulsing with shock and adrenaline , step aside as -- Christian lurch past she , struggle for air he can not get , give a almost reproachful look of why would you do that ? as -- ext . front yard - STREET - same -- he stumble outside , heaving and buckle , he face quickly turning blue before we very eye . remember Luca brasi in the godfather ? like that . nightmare stuff . Ruth step out after he , stunne into inaction , watch in helpless horror as -- Christian stagger down the middle of the road , like he can somehow outrun he own suffocation . scare to death . int . van - down the STREET - same Marshall and dez , watch this unfold from a distance -- marshall ahh fuck ... ext . STREET - RUTH 's yard - same in he die panic , Christian have pick up some speed , hobble - lurching towards the intersection up ahead ... his face be purple , claw he throat , gurgling pitifully ... Ruth be at the edge of she yard but still basically freeze , weakly shaking she head like wait wait wait -- in the distance , christian dart past the two - way stop sign into the road and be instantly creamed by a fast -moving bus . we actually cut away one frame before the moment of impact but it sound like a roast beef dropped from a skyscraper . at once : Ruth 's scream , the terrible screech of bus brake -- int . van - down the road - same marshall dez hoo boy . goddamn . pink ( mm / dd/yyyy ) 75 . ext . front yard - same on RUTH , barely upright under the shock of this moment , digging into she pocket with clumsy hand as , from the o.s. accident scene , we hear a clamor of scream ... voice ( various o.s. ) don't touch he ! / -- a ambulance ! / -- ran out in fronta I ! she get she phone out , try to remember how to work it -- int . van - down the road - same jerk it into gear -- dez marshall she 's call , she 's call -- I see it , I see it -- ext . front yard - same Ruth turn away from the chaos down the STREET , gulp for breath , the phone to she ear -- phone v.o. 911 operator , what be you emergency ? RUTH uhhhhhhhh . phone v.o. ma'am ? RUTH he just , he be just , he he he -- there 's a new screech of tire , very close behind she , and -- dez ( 0.s. ) I can help you , honey . Ruth turn around just in time to see -- dez swinging the butt of a shotgun at her face . krak . CUT to black . 76 . int . van ( moving ) - day blackness . occasionally penetrate by smear of light . marshall ( v.o. ) she mighta say we name . dez ( v.o. ) she do not know ‘em . marshall ( v.o. ) she know chrissy 's alright . dez ( v.o. ) we oughta kill she anyway , then . marshall ( v.o. ) ask she when she wake up . dez ( v.o. ) oh , she 's awake now . close on RUTH , jouncing on the floor of the van , a swollen gash above she eye . stripe of sunlight wipe she face , rhythmically . she 's terrify . she squirm but ... her wrist be bound with duct tape . painfully , she crane she neck around to see -- marshall and dez : there head made out of cloth . homemade mask , t-shirt with eyehole . creeeeepy . Marshall drive . dez stare back at she , hold she phone . dez what have you tell ‘em ? RUTH nothing . dez promise ? RUTH I do not know who you be . dez chuck the phone out the window . dez how would you find chrissy ? 77 . RUTH C -computer . dez and what ? you just go after he on you own ? RUTH I try to tell the cop . before . but they do not listen . I swear . dez what about he dad ? RUTH he do not care either ! dez stare at she , like try to see inside she brain . dez ( to Marshall ) whatcha think ? marshall ( gloomy & fatalistic ) soon as they peel chrissy outta under that bus there 's gonna be people come over anyway ... what a buncha bullshit . dez better hustle then . close on RUTH again , droop back down , eye clamping shut . RUTH ( barely audible ) ...- please ... int . front room - tony 's house - day slowly pushing in on tony , slump there on the couch . his eye land sadly on something 0.s. and he reach for it . crinkle , crinkle . he lift the now - unwrapped slice of american cheese to he mouth for a sad nibble . chew , chew , chew . wash it down with some soda . abh . there . he feel a little better now . look over at ... Brian , curl in the corner , stare back as if in anticipation . tony 's expression become serious again . 78 . ext . accident scene intersection - day the bus and various cop car as out - of- focus foreground element . light flashing and blurry official hubbub . in the background , at the rear of the small crowd at the yellow tape , tony's head pop up above they , scan as -- in the foreground , a stretcher go by , a body under a sheet . tony question a onlooker , who gesture at the cop and bus . ext . RUTH 's house - day tony approach and give a light knock - knock but ... the door be a little bit open already . int . front room - RUTH 's house - same he step inside , hesitantly . tony Ruth ? no answer . he look over at ... the TIGER , sideways on the floor , silently snarling at he . a doomy score kick in and carry we over to ... ext . the van - wooded drive ( moving ) - day the van push ominously through the wood . int . van ( moving ) - day Ruth rock forward as the van come to a halt . Marshall look back at she , the .45 loose in he hand . dez load the rusty shotgun . she have to force the shell in . Ruth shiver , wait for whatever 's next . she watch as ... Marshall whisper something in dez 's ear , who listen , she eye on Ruth . she whisper something back . it 's decide . with he free hand , Marshall bring out the revolver and aim it at Ruth 's face . cring away from it ... 79 . RUTH do not do not -- he pull the trigger , she shriek , it make a dull click . marshall you will carry this one , okay ? RUTH w- why ? marshall Cause we be shorthand . which be on you . RUTH I do not want to . for a second , Marshall 's eye look damn near sympathetic . marshall that 's what life be , darlin . buncha stuff we do not wanna do . RUTH you could leave I here . i- I - I ' 1l be so quiet . I promise . his eye turn hard and demonic inside the mask . his gesture accentuate that cat tattoos on he hand . marshall get they to open the door . Point that at whoever it be so nothing happen . we will get what we need and we will leave and that 's it . RUTH but how do I know you will not , will not ... she can not even finish the think . marshall you know that I will if you do not . dez it 's karma , for chrissy ... dez hold up a switchblade and --snikt ! -- pop it open . dez ( cont 'd ) that shit 's for real , sister . 80 . ext . front yard - rumack mansion - day the most hopeless version of ruth's theme echoe faintly as we track her across the lawn . a long march towards oblivion . her hand shake violently . make a fist do not help . the revolver be tuck into the small of she back . the rattan yard animal , the now - trunkless elephant and the giraffe , seem to watch she as she pass by . she swallow heavily to keep from throw up . ext . front door - rumack mansion - continuous on RUTH , see from behind , stand at the door . pulling back , there 's Marshall and dez on either side of she , press against the house , out of sight , gun ready . Ruth hesitates . Marshall twitches he gun . so she knock . close on the peephole , which suddenly go dark . Ruth attempt a smile . look like she drank vinegar . RUTH it 's I again . sorry . close on marshall , off to the side with the .45 up . the cloth of he mask flutter with he breath . close on dez , to the other side , with the shotgun . her eye be cold and steady inside the mask . the peephole go clear . the deadbolt go click -clack . cesar open , eyeing Ruth warily , clocking she empty hand . cesar yeah ? RUTH please do not do anything . she draw the gun on he , on we , that big barrel swinging right up into the lens . and Cesar almost make a move but , no , he hand go up . 81 . int . front room - rumack mansion - continuous Ruth walk Cesar back as Marshall and dez slip in behind she , fan out , already forget the still - open front door . dez cover the interior hall as Marshall snag Cesar 's 9 mm and toss it aside . cesar I be compliant . pak ! Marshall whacks he behind the ear with the barrel of he .45 and Cesar drop to he knee , groaning . Ruth gasp at this sudden violence and at that exact moment -- meredith come from the kitchen , see mask people with gun and -- oop ! -- turn promptly on she heel to exit again but -- dez stop . fuck . at least she manage to guzzle she drink even as she lift she hand , now recognize Ruth ... meredith you . RUTH I be so sorry . this be not my fault . meredith you take my tiger . RUTH that be I , yes , but not this -- meredith you be point a gun . RUTH no , I know , but -- marshall shut the fuck up . sit. cesar ( from the ground ) do what they say , meredith . as she flop onto the couch in a semi-sober pout ... meredith ..- unbelievable ... pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 82 . Marshall nudge Cesar to the couch as well but -- marshall you too . over there . -- he do not move fast enough so marshall kick he . wunk . RUTH do not do that ! meredith react to Ruth 's shake protest -- huh ? -- as Cesar crawl to the couch , hugging he maybe-bust rib . dez keep the shotgun aim down the hallway into the house as Marshall squat before meredith , hiss -- marshall where be he ? meredith sleep one off . marshall call he . meredith if you be here for what you think you be here for , you timing stink . cesar meredith , be quiet . marshall call he . he touch the gun to she chin . RUTH just do it . please . meredith glare hard at Marshall , at Ruth , and then ... meredith ( '' happy '' ) hey , Chris ? ( beat ) chriiiiis . rumack ( 0.s . ) ( from upstairs ) what ?! 83 . meredith c'mere . rumack ( 0.s. ) for whaaat ? meredith come here . angry thud and stomping from upstairs . everyone tense as footstep come fump , fump , fump , fumping ! down the stair . dez slide to the side of the hallway door , so she 's poise right there but out of sight from down the hall , where -- rumack now appear , cinching a robe , irritate and confuse . rumack be Christian here ? meredith no . down the hallway , rumack be come towards we but he slow ... rumack his van 's park out front . from within the hallway , rumack 's Pov : the empty room loom ahead of he , no sign of anything amiss there . but still ... his eye narrow . wonder at the silence . he back away . while in the front room , Marshall gesture in frustration , say something ! at which meredith shrug savagely , like what ? meredith uh. maybe he 's wait for you to come outside ? you know he do not like I too much . down the hallway , rumack reappear but now on full alert , a chrome .38 hold before he as he advance . rumack Cesar ? in the front room , Marshall aim at Cesar , finger to he lip , shhh ! Ruth just stand off to the side , shaking in place , she gun vaguely on meredith but mostly on the floor . 84 . dez wait beside the hall doorway , she rusty shotgun at head - level . all that oxidation crust around the breach . in the hallway , rumack be almost to the door , he gun hold forward , craning he neck for a wider view of the front room : there 's meredith , perch on the couch , oddly stiff . rumack ( cont 'd ) the fuck 's go on ? close on he gun hand as it precede he into the front room , extend ahead of he body , visible now to -- dez , who 's right there , and promptly lower the shotgun to -- bam !--blast rumack 's hand into red thread . okay , this all happen in a whirlwind : rumack scream and drop . meredith scream . RUTH drop her gun and immediately projectile vomit . blaggg ! cesar dive for her gun , aim on marshall but --click!click ! reflex : marshall aim on cesar --bang !--plugs he in the gut . so RUTH vomit a second , more explosive time . blarrgah ! like a wounded boar , cesar charge marshall who fire again -— bang !-- but miss and they grapple ferociously , sloppily . across the room , dez swing the shotgun around to cover meredith , who alllmost leapt off the couch in she fury but -- dez keep still ! rumack moan at dez 's foot as -- in there grappling , Cesar tear Marshall 's mask off just as -- bang !-- Marshall manage to tag he in the head . brain fly . and at this , RUTH vomit a third geyser -like time . bwooogahh ! marshall okay now everyone just hold it . shaky , vibrate silence in a swirl of cordite . Marshall turn in place , scan for additional threat . we will probably notice that he 's wet he pants . 85 . marshall ( cont 'd ) just ... hold it for a second . Jesus . wow . rumack , hunch over he bloody hand , tooth clench in pain , squint up at he ... rumack I know you . Marshall , right ? you name 's Marshall . you be at one of Christian 's hearing last year . Marshall stare at he , he eye now darting to -- Ruth and meredith : they hear he name . saw he face . his eye dart to dez , something dark pass between they . marshall ( refocus on rumack ) go on . get into the fireplace . silence . rumack glare at Marshall with white - hot hatred . Ruth gape in mount dread : fireplace ? what ? marshall ( cont 'd ) c'mon . i’1l make it nasty if I have to . rumack be Christian with you ? marshall I do not ... look , we be not talk about this . just do it , okay ? rumack what have he tell you ? that I keep cash around ? I have not see he in month , you amateur , it 's not here anymore . Marshall look like he might have a aneurysm but instead storm over to rip the electric fireplace log out thus -- revealing the SMALL safe embed in the fireplace floor . Marshall point to it like a teacher point to a blackboard . rumack sigh , stagger upright and hobble across the room . as he begin to work the dial under Marshall 's watchful eye -- 86 . marshall chrissy tell we about the iron in there too , so do not even try that shit . rumack get it all mapped out , dontcha . over by the couch , Ruth realize meredith be stare at she -- RUTH ( desperate whisper ) I be a hostage . I be kidnap . ( point to the wound on she forehead ) the empty gun ? meredith 's expression shift , hearing the truth in that , but -- dez stop talk . klik ! the safe unlock . Marshall wave rumack aside . cover Ruth and meredith , dez crane she neck to see -- -- as Marshall reach inside , he finger scrabbling . but a look of dismay quickly overtake he face . rumack grin evilly . rumack that 's right , dumb-dumb . you just buy yourself a murder one ticket for nothing . woozily , Marshall pull out a little .25 auto , a few passport , some stock certificate ... but no cash . Zilch -o. he look at rumack like he just learn there 's no Santa . marshall but ... chrissy say ... rumack Times be tough all over . ( but darken now ) where be my son ? Marshall summon back some force of he own ... marshall you do not have a son , buddy . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 87 . that take the wind out of rumack 's sail . dez 's eye blaze crazily in the mask , impatient and outrage . fuck it : she aim on Ruth and meredith -- dez we be do here . RUTH no . Ruth bolt upright , put herself between meredith and the come shotgun blast . rumack tense and Marshall aim on he . you can hear a pin drop . Ruth stare at dez , shiver . RUTH ( cont ’d ) I will not let you shoot anyone . dez gesture wanly at Cesar 's corpse , like ' oh no ? 's RUTH ( cont ’d ) anyone else , I mean . Ruth shake , fully expose there before the shotgun . meredith blink rapidly , hyperventilate , a panic attack . rumack gauge the distance between he and Marshall . dez square the shotgun on Ruth 's face but ... RUTH ( cont ’d ) you 'il have to kill I first . dez glance to Marshall , who shrug in careless defeat , just do it already . dez' finger tighten around the trigger ... shk . suddenly , oddly , a throwing STAR be stuck in dehus face . tony be pose post - throw in the vestibule , wide - eye , just now drop the rattan TIGER he have drag in with he . wump . dez shriek , tear the cloth of she mask , rip it free : the metal STAR be sink deeply into the flesh of she cheek . rumack lunge at Marshall but --bang !-- Marshall panic fire and pop rumack 's head OPEN . dez whirl the shotgun onto tony , who squeal , but -- blam ! the shotgun explode in her hand . finger fly . 88 . meredith spring like a gazelle out of the room . just , poof ! , off like a shot , go before dez be finish collapse . Marshall whirl he gun onto tony but -- RUTH spring at he , a spastic fly - squirrel leap that knock he down as she claw at he waving gun hand -- tony see this -- Ruth in danger ! -- and he charge but -- dez , even with she finger blown off , she face knotted in rage , use she good hand to pop she switchblade --snikt ! she launce into tony and stab he repeatedly in the gut , lightning fast--tk!tk!tk!tk!tk! she 's a human tattoo gun . as tony fall , clutching himself , dez pivot to face the thrashing tangle of Ruth and Marshall , her knife raised , that throwing STAR still glint in the side of she face -- RUTH bite marshall 's hand , make he FIRE one shot --bang ! ptew ! which ricochet off the granite fireplace -- kak ! which pop into dehus temple in a mist of pink . as the abruptly lifeless dez puddle to the ground ... as tony roll in a grow pool of he own blood ... RUTH clamp on marshall 's hand like a pit bull . ( do you know it take a crowbar to pry they jaw off ? it 's true . ) marshall buck and squirm and howl . sound like a coyote catch in a bear trap . RUTH wriggles her finger against the .45 trigger and -- bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! bang !--fire it repeatedly until -- click ! the slide rack back on a empty chamber . which prompt a surge in she as she twist the .45 from marshall 's bloody hand and --wup !--club he face with it . and for good measure -- kap !-- she club he knee , too . maybe break it ? sure do make a gnarly sound . ext . rural road - same oh , also , meredith sprint down this secluded forest road . she must have be a competitive runner at some point : she form be perfect , she be tireless , not stop for anything . 89 . int . front room - rumack mansion - same Ruth scrabble to tony , flutter over he wound -- RUTH tony tony ! tony ! oooh she get I good ... in the background , Marshall stagger bloody - face to he foot ... and he be now between they and the front door . his eye snap to the .25 auto on the ground . he snatch it . Ruth catch this movement and heave tony to he feet -- as Marshall fumble the gun , rack the slide , aim it -- she shove tony out into the -- int . hallway - continuous bam ! bam ! SMALL caliber gunshot pop into the wall directly behind they as they stumble / flee away , Ruth power tony forward like a bust shopping cart . ext . back door - rumack mansion - same Ruth and tony burst outside and she scan frantically for a escape route , prop he up as he hug he bloody middle . int . front room - rumack mansion - same look at all this fuck blood . Dead Cesar . Dead rumack . Marshall crouch over Dead dez : silently sobbing and undone . wanting to touch she face , she mouth , but afraid to , because she 's a spirit now . ext . rear ground - rumack mansion - day tracking RUTH and tony , most of he weight support on she shoulder as they lurch desperately around the huge house ... ext . front yard - rumack mansion - continuous coming around the house , Ruth heave and strain under tony 's bloody semi-limp bulk , but freezing suddenly because -- 90 . marshall , out there in the front yard , craze and spatter and block they way to the road . he spot they , hiss like a poisonous toad and limp -run towards they . RUTH jerk tony back around the house . ext . wood - same tracking RUTH and tony down this steep incline , weaving through the brush and tree cover . tony can barely stand and Ruth can barely keep he go . but she face be set : hard and determine . behind they , echoing in the forest , the moon howl of a rabid animal . that have be Marshall , scream insane nonsense . Ruth urge tony faster . he trip , fall , drag she down with he , crying out in renew pain . she recover , help he up , look frantically up the hill : there 's nobody in sight ... but she can hear something crash this way through the brush . it howl again . marshall ( 0.s. ) gonnna get yoooooouu ! RUTH tony . get up . let 's go . she power he up , move he forward , faster , faster , hurry . up ahead , what 's that ? , some kind of mirrore light glint strangely through the veil of old pine . Water ? ext . pond - same they burst onto a SMALL sandy beach to see that it 's a curving tree -line pond with a forested island maybe a hundred yard out there ... or perhaps it 's the far bank ? a wooden dock extend from the beach , with a SMALL outboard fishing skiff moor there , as well as a flat - bottom rowboat . Ruth scan : to either side of the beach be just a clog of root , brush , erode earth . another howl behind they , closer . RUTH come on . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 91 . she bull tony onto the dock , let he sag there as she hop into the motorboat where -- she yank the motor pull cord . it sputter and rumble ... but do not turn over . she yank again . and again . nothing . her eye snap to the rowboat . ext . rowboat - pond - second later tony collapse into the bow , whimper , as Ruth use a oar to push they off the dock , brace she foot on the hull ... and rows like hell . she have adrenaline super - power and the little boat slide out into the pond . the beach recede behind she , she 's stare at it as she row steadily . no sign of Marshall . she look over she shoulder to see where they be head ... the island on the far side . but also in she view be tony : pale , droop , barely awake . RUTH hey . stay awake , okay ? he nod weakly , not at all convincing . she look back and ... in the distance , there 's the small shape of marshall on the beach now . stand there , stare at they . she make a strangle noise and rows harder . the little marshall-shape appear to take aim . there be a distant popt ! and something hum over Ruth 's head . she duck low and rows even harder as another popt ! carry over the water . another . something plunk the water nearby . the island loom near , maybe fifty foot to go ? she rows . but -- in the distance , she can see the marshall -shape get into the motorboat . the motor growl to life out there . and now it 's come this way . quickly close the gap between they . she heave against the oar . the oar-lock SNAP and rattle with the force of she effort . her breath pulse raggedly . and here come the motorboat , ever closer with Marshall visible there , he hand on the tiller . he 's point at she . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 92 . ext . marshy island - continuous the rowboat 's bow crunch against soft land . Ruth startles , do not realize she be so close , she scramble into the bow -- she drag tony out and grab the ball - up GREEN weather tarp as she go , glance out at -- the motorboat , zoom in , forty foot away , thirty five . she can see the detail of Marshall 's blood - cake face . deeper in the brush , she lead tony to a mossy overhang , press he down onto the ground , pull the weather cover over he like a kid home sick from school -- RUTH ( frantic whisper ) stay here . do not move . do not make a sound . he 's come . tony «.. w- why ? RUTH we know who he be . she tear her sleeve off , press it to he wound , press he hand down on top of it ... RUTH ( cont ’d ) keep pressure there , okay ? I will be back . she start to cover he but he grab at she hand -- tony I be scared . RUTH I too . do not move . she kiss he forehead , pull the cover over he and wipe a armful of dead leave over it . not exactly invisible but it 'il have to do ... RUTH emerge from the tree line and wave she arm just as -- RUTH ( cont ’d ) hey , fuckface ! the motorboat run aground and Marshall come hobbling over the bow , wave that .25 wildly in she direction . she run back into the tree , away from tony , as -- 93 . bam ! bam ! bam ! bullet whiz over and around her . she sprint through the dark tangle of vegetation . her foot suck into saturate ground . branch slash at she face . behind her , Marshall take steady aim at she quickly vanish form and --bam ! bam ! bam ! click . blow in frustration , he toss the empty weapon aside and dash after she . ext . deep into the marshy island - same RUTH leap down a low hill , stumble , unable to control she momentum and -- splash ! drop into black chest -deep water . the layer of leave on the surface make it practically invisible . gasp and sputtering , she reach about for something to hold onto ... there ! a root dangle into the pool ... take hold , she pull herself forward ... but she freeze . if she expression be one of frighten determination before , it be now replace by a sort of existential cosmic terror . close on the brown beady - eyed snout of a cottonmouth snake , calmly wind its way across the surface of the dark water . close on RUTH , lock eye with this evil , alien thing . a bird 's eye view on the pool : where Ruth hold perfectly still and the undulate s- shape of the snake 's body glide within strike distance of she face . it take forever but ... ... it pass she by . not exactly breathe again , she inch she way up out of the pool , pull herself on the root . on solid ground again , shudder , she look back to see ... marshall , emerge from the forest , this limping curl -hande troll . he see she . his eye blaze with hate and killin’ . he limp -trots towards she . she scramble up a muddy ridge , take the high ground . tracking with RUTH as she move along the ridge but , down below , Marshall keep pace with she . 94 . marshall I see you , girl . RUTH double back but Marshall keep pace again . marshall ( cont 'd ) gonna get ya . she hide behind a tree , stooping to grab a baseball - size rock out of the muck at she foot . catch she breath . in the background , below the ridge , we can see Marshall catch he breath , too . watch she hide place . without be able to see one another , they call out ... RUTH why do not you just leave I alone ? from below , he chuckle wetly and bring out a butterfly knife , quietly unfold it . marshall sure . come on down here , we will shake on it . RUTH you do that tattoo yourself ? he glance in brief uncertainty at he hand . marshall some . RUTH yeah ? well , they look fuck stupid . marshall edge closer , near the base of the ridge , tracking she voice ... marshall you ever eat cat meat ? RUTH you mean ... cat food ? marshall no . the meat of a cat . he begins to crawl up the ridge , slithering closer to she behind the tree there , that gleam blade in he fist ... 95 . from behind the tree , Ruth look for a escape . further up be all brush and vine , too thick to even see through . trapped . so she collect a second rock and edge around the tree to try and see he ... RUTH no , man . I never eat any cat meat . marshall it make you be invisible . do you know that ? RUTH have you eat cat meat ? marshall that 's what my mark be for . close on RUTH , just a sliver of she eyeball visible around the curve of the tree as she see ... a sliver of marshall's head , just start to appear up the ridge , very close now ... RUTH yeah , well , that shit do not work because I can see you . Marshall look up . they eye meet . he grin nastily . marshall do not last forever , a’course . there 's a charge moment , two animal clocking each other in the bad bush , and then ... marshall ( cont 'd ) ahhhh ! marshall charge , knife raised over he head -— RUTH step out and hurl the first rock --punk ! it brain marshall square between the eye and he slip back , arm pinwheeling to keep he balance but -- RUTH presses forward and hurl the second rock -- punk ! which clip he in the collarbone and spin he -- he tumble ass - over -kettle back down the ridge and -- k-splash ! land whole - body in that black pool of water -- 96 . where he instantly thrashes and shriek - — — RUTH hop down the ridge and circle wide because --— marshall have that cottonmouth snake dangling from he cheek . his scream be as high and pierce as a tea kettle on boil . his mad eye know he 's do with that fat brown rope curling on itself , latch onto he face as he lurch in the muck . RUTH sprint through the forest . jag , disconnect glimpsis of movement , she pounding breath subsume all sound in the mix , even Marshall 's sickly keen . she run faster and faster through the dim slash of vine and low branch , one shot indistinguishable from the next . she pause , look leave and right : which way ? she run but quickly double back . she run . she double back again . she turn in place , surround on all side by tree and gloom , tree and gloom , tree and gloom . it all look the same . she be lose . for the first time on this island , the fire in she seem to go out . she sag against a tree , sink into despair . but then she see something . it stop she breathe . there in the distance , stand calmly beside a great mossy tree in she neat pantsuit with a Virginia slim 100 carefully balanced in she thin finger , be grandma sally . Ruth stare at she in dreamy exhaustion . Sally take a demure drag and , with a know smile , tip she head in a certain direction . that way . Ruth 's eye fill with tear as all sound be replace by a old country gospel standard , '' this World be not my Home '' by fern Jones . ' I can not feel at home in this world anymore , 's fern warble over a plucky banjo , this song carry over as ... ext . mossy overhang - twilight Ruth return to tony 's hide place , yank the cover back ... but he 's dead . ghostly white , eye close in peace . we can not hear she wail of grief but she do not pause for a second , wrapping she arm around he middle , hoist he up . 97 . ext . deep wood - twilight Marshall crawl along the forest floor , slug-like , lose . his face be hugely swollen around black fang mark , a vivid scarlet hue . his tongue loll wetly in he yellow mouth . he howl but of course we can not hear he . in the sky above , crow be already circle . ext . motorboat ( moving ) - twilight the song continue as Ruth angle the boat full - throttle across the water , tear spilling down she cheek but wholly focus on the task of get they back to shore . curle in the bow like a rag doll , tony could almost be asleep . int . detective cubicle - police station - night the song continue over this close - up on three dmv printout : driver 's license shot of Marshall , dez , and Ruth . a hand slide the shot of Marshall and dez to one side ... and then tap the shot of Ruth . it 's meredith , she eye puffy from cry but in control . she tap Ruth 's photo again and simply shake she head . not she . int . bendix 's cubicle - police station - night the song continue as we find Ruth sit here , a bandage over she brow , numbe by grief . she 's very still , just watch as ... detective bendix intently read over a series of report sheet . he finally set they aside , nodd to himself . Ruth stare at he . he stare back . exhales hugely , about to make a huge pronouncement . bendix my wife and I be go to give it another shot . he nod sagely , as if this must answer any and all question . Ruth stare at he . pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 98. int . bedroom - care CENTER - day the song continue and some time have pass now , because Ruth just have a regular small band aid over she brow . she listlessly strip a empty bed , wadding up sheet that have a small smear of blood on they . robotic in she work . int . RUTH 's car ( moving ) - day the song continue as we find Ruth though the windshield , stare numbly out at ... that rollin 's coal pickup , ahead of she in traffic again , blow its black sooty smoke into the air . she have no reaction . int . church - day the song continue as we push down the aisle , past row of churchgoer , to find Ruth sit all alone in the back pew . she 's stare off , maybe listen to the sermon , maybe not . ext . backyard - twilight the song fade away now and we find Ruth sit in one of she outdoor chair , gaze out contemplatively . a upbeat oldie ( " do not hang up '' by the orlon ) play on a portable speaker somewhere , but sound distant and faint . she sip a soda pop , tony 's brand . we realize that she be look at ... jana , by the fence , watch a blink chorus of fireflies . not try to capture they , just watch , delighted . Angie be in the chair next to Ruth , a fresh drink in she hand . they sit in silence a moment . Angie eye she . angie you okay ? Ruth nod absently . angie ( cont 'd ) be gentle with yourself , okay ? you get all the time in the world . Ruth take a deep breath , nod again , but ... pink ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 99 . RUTH I do not know what that mean . Angie look out at Jana , shrug ... angie it 's just something people say . Ruth sniff , a tired little laugh . and then she turn she head . see something . stare at it a bit . tony smile at she from within a white heavenly mist . a dream or a ghost or a vision . Ruth smile back . wider , oh , okay , it actually be tony , for real : he use a cane now , and he 's work the smoking grill , just burn the shit out of some hamburger . Dan look on in obvious disapproval , shaking he head . tony point the spatula at Ruth , give a assure thumb up . she smile and look back to ... the fireflies . look at ‘em glow and vanish in the fade . CUT to black . as '' I Love you , honeybear '' by Father John misty take we into the credit ... end