I hope they serve beer in Hell by tucker Max and nil parker base on the book by tucker Max tucker Max 5042 wilshire Dr # 815 LA , CA 90036 323-351-7640 tuckermax@gmail.com nil parker 5042 wilshire Dr # 815 LA , CA 90036 510-773-9669 nilsparker@yahoo.com [ 4/15/08 draft ] int . police car - night - durham , NC 1 cold open to two cop drive in a police car . Stark , dramatic feel , like the shield . open credit roll over the scene . the radio cackle alive . dispatcher ( 0.s. ) attention all unit , attack in progress at 742 Evergreen Terrace . scream woman hear from inside the residence . respond code 3 . the cop drive pick up the cb unit and turn on the light and siren . cop 1 5430 , show we respond , we will be at scene in under a minute . dispatcher 5430 , additional person report state they still hear scream . cop 1 Roger . keep the pr on the line . do they have a suspect description ? dispatcher negative . report sound of glass break . the cop look at each other ominously , slam on the gas pedal . ext . apartment build - moment later 2 the car pull to a stop and the cop jump out . loud , guttural female groan and a crash from the apartment . they check the window , curtain be close , so they kick in the door . int . apartment - continuous 3 cop bust in , see a naked girl bent over a sofa arm be fuck hard from behind by a naked guy . her arm be tie together behind she back , and he be hold they and spanking she , like a jockey . a lamp be in piece on the floor , clothes be strewn around the apartment . they have they back to the door and she scream be so loud they do not hear the cop . cop 1 stop ! get you hand up and move away from the woman ! cop 1 tackle the guy , he scream in shock . cop 2 pull the girl away and wrap he coat over she naked body . cop 2 be you ok , miss ? she grunt and try move she hand but can not because they be tie up . cop 2 unty she , angle on cop 1 , he knee in the back of the guy , cuffing he . tucker I have money in my wallet , just take it !! cop 1 this be the police , shut up and stop resisting . tucker what !? why be you hand -cuffing I ? cop 1 shut up ! stop resisting ! the cop secure the cuff and take out he tazer . tucker what be go on ?!? why be you arrest I ?!? cop 1 shut up . this be you last warning . he point the tazer at tucker , who look up in shock . tucker don't taze I , bro !!! cop 2 come over tentatively and tap on cop 1 's shoulder . cop 2 uh...hey partner , you might want to take a look at this . cop 1 turn to see the girl , the policeman 's jacket barely cover she , furiously signing at he and make the grunty noise deaf people make when they try to talk . cop 2 ( cont 'd ) she 's deaf . cop 1 she 's what ? the deaf girl get in cop 1 's face and sign , exaggeratedly , while also speak in a unmodulated voice of a deaf person . deaf girl i! am ! deaf ! the expression on cop 1 's face go from intense to confuse . cop 2 we do not have a crime . she say the sex be consensual . deaf girl he be not raping I , he be fuck I . you know , fuck ! she point she finger at she crotch , move she hip back and forth . the three of they stand there for a beat . tucker now that we have that clear up , you two think you could leave ? deaf girl I be about to cum ! screen go to black , and the masthead appear : I hope they serve Beer in hell open credit roll as ... ext . law school - day 4 tucker , 24 , handsome and self - possess , pull he car into the parking lot , and give the guy head nod to a familiar passer - by as he stride coolly into the law school . tucker ever fuck a deaf chick ? of course you have not . int . law school library - continuous 5 in the common area of the law library , a mix group be sit around bullshit instead of study . friend # 1 ( a girl ) I still can not believe you be get marry , Jeff . * friend # 2 I can not believe she say yes . the group laugh as we angle on jeff , 24 , a thick - neck , ex - high school athlete no one have ever accuse of be a nerd . jeff shit , man , I be start to regret that she do not say no . this wedding plan stuff be nut . I spend all night look through wedding magazine and book of white flower . just white . friend # 2 Jesus . I hope I never have to get marry . angle on tucker enter the library . jeff with you face , I think you be safe . tucker stand behind Jeff with a smile wait for Jeff to notice he while the friend at the table gawk at Jeff . jeff ( cont 'd ) what ? tucker raise you hand if you have ever fuck a deaf girl . a beat . Jeff whip around as tucker smile deviously and slowly raise he hand . the group burst into hysterics . group bullshit ! no way . deaf girl be hot . lies . can you hear I now ? jeff you have sex with a deaf chick ? tucker you be deaf too now ? tucker start mock-sign . + eh * * tucker ( cont 'd ) ( in a mongoloid voice ) yes , Jeff , I have sex with a deaf girl . jeff do not you hook up with a mute girl last semester ? you be 2 / 3 of the way to a helen keller . int . law school classroom - a little later 6 Jeff and tucker be next to each other in a auditorium style class . everyone have laptop open in front of they . tucker I almost shit myself when that cop bust in . I think she set I up or something . jeff bad boy , bad boy , whatcha gonna do , whatcha gonna do when you be fuck a deaf girl and the cop come for you ? the professor be perturb with the talk in the back . professor Mr. Max . what be you take on this issue ? tucker I be sorry , what issue be that ? professor be you not pay attention Mr. Max ? tucker I be not , I apologize , I be busy talk about have sex with a deaf girl . the class laugh . professor charm ... and oddly appropriate . do you or do you not feel that Little people should be a protect class ? * + eh tucker you mean midget ? professor yes , Mr. Max , if you must , midget . do you think they should be protect ? tucker what be we protect they from , eagle and poacher and stuff ? like a endangered species ? the class erupt again . jeff poacher ? tucker it could happen . you know if kanye show up to a club in a midget stoll , they have be extinct in a week . professor Mr. Max if you do not do the read , then ... tucker no , I do not think midget should be consider a protect class for the purpose of employment discrimination law . I think they physical limitation put they squarely within the business necessity and reasonable accommodation defense of the Americans with Disabilities Act . professor where do you draw the line then ? tucker I be not sure . I figure it 's like riding a roller coaster . you must be this high to get ada protection . tucker put he hand at chest level and the class laugh . professor very funny , Mr. Max . what if I tell you that I just finish a pro bono case involve a gentleman 's club that terminate the employment of a dancer with dwarfism because she -- tucker lurch forward in he seat . tucker you represent a midget stripper ? professor they prefer the term ' Little person 's . tucker be she fire ? professor no , they give she she job back . tucker have that mischievous twinkle in he eye . tucker what club be it ? professor Mr. Max , if you be genuinely interested in the case , come to office hour and I will fill you in . until then let 's remember this be a constitutional law class , not adult friend finder . tucker touche ! I will shut up now . aside to Jeff , as Professor drone on about the case . tucker ( cont 'd ) so , you ready for you bachelor party tonight ? jeff lock and load . tucker I be gonna go get Aaron , meet we at the campus bar after class . tucker close he laptop as we go to black . int . aaron 's apt . - minute later 7 the apartment be dark and spartan . Aaron be slouched down in the room 's only chair , in front of a meticulously organize media center , play a Grand theft auto-style game . Aaron be 24 , tall and lanky with angular feature . he 's neat , almost finicky about he appearance , but underneath , he 's a maladjust , beat down Star Trek nerd . he 's get a headset on that be connect to he controller . aaron I be go down the alley to beat up the hooker . watch my six . Aaron 's phone ring . he put he bluetooth in he other ear . in split screen , tucker barrel through city traffic . Aaron 's he digital doppelganger ; run down pedestrian on screen as tucker send they run for cover in real life . tucker yo , Aaron . it 's tucker . Aaron flip out and hit the video game controller furiously . aaron what the hell be go on !? Aaron 's car be get shot up from behind . tucker I be come to get you , we be go drink . Aaron 's character die on the screen . aaron what the hell !? you suck !! tucker what ? aaron be this you idea of have my back ?! tucker this be a great idea ! I need a drink and you need some daylight . aaron what kind of wingman be you , you selfish little shit-for-brains ?! ( more ) 10 11 12 aaron ( cont 'd ) I should come over to you house , cut off you stubby virgin hand and beat you to death with they , hotwheelz ! int . aaron 's apt . — continuous 9 Aaron rip off both headsets , hurl he controller , and storm into the kitchen . ext . STREET / int . tucker 's car 10 tucker pull up to the curb in front of Aaron 's building . int . aaron 's kitchen - moment later 11 Aaron be stand against the counter eat cereal . aaron ahhhh , Captain crunch . my old friend . ( baby talk ) you would not leave I hang in a alley full of hooker . I be not gonna catch you in the cupboard suck off toucan Sam . noooo , you have integ- wuh - tee and disci-pwin . ext . aaron 's apartment —- simultaneous 12 a chair with '' hers '' stencile on the back and a over - flow box sit outside . '' hers '' have be cross out and '' whore '' write in sharpie underneath . '' whore belonging '' be scrawle on the top of the box . tucker open the lid . something be write on the inside . tucker ( read , but to himself ) take whatever you want , she box be apparently open to all . tucker sift through the box : han solo and princess leia figurine with they kung - fu grip hand melt together , woman 's clothes , picture of a blissful Aaron and a strike , but disinterested , brunette . the box be pepper with unused tampon that have be snap in half . 13 10 . int . aaron 's apt . — continuous 13 tucker barge in without knock and open all the drape ; flooding the dark , depressive sanctuary of pain with light . tucker look at this place . it 's a shrine to cuckoldry and rage . Aaron plop down in he chair . the back have '' he '' stencile into it , match the '' hers '' outside . tucker ( cont 'd ) you ready ? aaron what be you babbling about ? tucker we be go to the bar . I just tell you on the phone . aaron I do not pay attention to what you say . I just wait for you to stop talk about yourself , get bored , and hang up . aaron stare blankly ahead at the television . tucker do Sarah call yet ? tucker go into the kitchen to get himself a chair and grab two beer from the fridge . aaron no . she probably have trouble talk with a dick in she mouth . tucker set the chair down , grab the remote , and stop on the open credit of jem & the hologram . tucker this cartoon be disturbingly hot . can you imagine a threesome with jem and jerrica ? aaron I can imagine they both cheating on I . 11 . tucker jerrica run a foster home . she would not cheat . aaron she voluntarily surround herself with shattered little life so she dysfunctional existence feel more normal . you think she would not pull she cartoon panty to the side for the first guy who tell she she 's pretty ? Aaron wait in vain for tucker to respond . aaron ( cont 'd ) of course she would . they all would . even the foster kid , that validation seek little slut . click . tucker change the channel , a debeer commercial . Aaron lurch forward jabbing he finger at the television . aaron ( cont 'd ) I be onto you game debeer -- diamond be almost worthless other than the value attach to they by the silly tramp you have brainwash into think '' diamond equal love . '' guess what slut , you quest for the perfect princess cut be support terrorism and genocide . congratulation , you avarice have manage to destroy a entire continent ! tucker Sarah keep the ring ? aaron I hope you die in a fire . tucker you act like you be the first person in the world to get cheat on . it happen to everyone , dude , even I . aaron oh , really ? do everyone catch they fiancee suck off a rapper ? 14 15 12 . int . sarah' apartment - flashback - two week ago 14 Aaron let himself in with key attach to a old , tatter Duke GI Joe keychain . he 's carry a box of Earl grey tea and a bag of throat lozenge . aaron hey honey , how be you do ? Sarah be vigorously pump she head in the crotch of grillionaire , a iced - out white rapper . he 's sloppily eat a sandwich and use the remote when he spot Aaron . grillionaire what it do baby ! grillionaire in da house ! ! sarah jerk up and turn panicked to see Aaron just as he slam the front door behind he . int . aaron 's live room - back to current scene 15 tucker hey , who know blowjob be good for sore throat , right ? aaron the most reward part of we friendship be you ability to find personal amusement in the destruction of my life . tucker it 's not that bad , dude . you always get stick in this cycle . when you get depressed like this , you need to ask yourself what would tucker do ? , and then go do that . aaron I already know what you would do , and I have no desire to get HIV from one of the cum dumpster into whom you shoot you emotional pain every weekend . tucker you know HIV be basically curable now . it do not even show up in Magic Johnson 's blood anymore . 16 13. aaron you be tell I that Magic Johnson be black and have aids ... and he have it better than I ? int . campus bar - a hour later 16 campus bar be part sport bar , part dingy hook - up dungeon . tucker be flirt aggressively with Leslie , a gorgeous co -ed waitress . Aaron , disgust , be stare off at the tv . leslie I love kid . when I graduate I want to work with child , and have a bunch of my own . what about you ? tucker be you kid , I love kid too . I can not wait to have more . leslie ( shocked ) you have kid ? tucker no , I be just play . aaron he do , they be just all in the compost heap behind plann parenthood . Leslie do not know whether to be creepe out or disgust . tucker ( boyishly charming ) if you do stem cell research , you could work with they . she try not to laugh , but can not help herself . Jeff breeze in and sidle up . tucker swat Leslie on the ass . tucker ( cont 'd ) run along baby , man talk . I have you number , I ’11l call you . Leslie walk away , clearly smitten . Aaron shake he head . aaron who say romance be dead ? 14 . jeff how can you be angry at woman , yet at the same time , be mad at the thing tucker do ? aaron I be like a feminist ; I can assert multiple contradictory position . tucker scoff . the bartender be eavesdropp and break in . campus bartender ( to tucker ) hey , listen bro , can you do I a favor and not talk to my server like that ? it 's disrespectful . tucker Excuse I ? campus bartender I think you hear I . tucker oh , I hear you , hero . you do not want I flirt with you server . I do not know she belong to you . I think she be a individual with free will ? campus bartender it 's a figure of speech , bro . tucker well , bro , here 's another figure of speech for you : mind you own fuck business . I be sorry I have accomplish more in 30 minute with Leslie than you have in two year , but she look pretty happy talk to I . or maybe she rub she crotch against all the customer . campus bartender I think it might be time for you to leave . tucker or maybe it 's just time for you to get I another drink . tucker wave he empty glass . 15 . campus bartender I do not think so . Leslie pass by with a full drink tray . tucker make eye contact and motion she over , pull she into he with he arm around she waist . he pluck a beer from she tray . tucker hey sweetie , just put this on my tab , okay . tucker disarm she with charm and she give it up easily . the bartender see this transpire and seethes . leslie ( to campus bartender ) Sam , could you get I another beer for table six ? the bartender lift the bar door and posture up . Jeff slide in behind tucker , who turn away unconcern . jeff ( calmly but assertively ) I will have what he 's have . thank you . Jeff lock eye intimidatingly with the bartender who consider he option and relent . tucker listen , I know everything be set for tonight , but I think we should discuss a potential change in venue for you bachelor party . aaron oh , this should be good . tucker the strip club we be suppose to go to suck . it 's dirty and decrepit and the girl that do not have stretch mark have personality like the worst part of the Bible . aaron personality ? we have to talk to they ? tucker some of we actually enjoy the company of woman , Aaron . a * * 16 . aaron yeah , I be the misogynist here . tucker it would not be so bad if Durham have not pass that ridiculous ' no touch 's ordinance . all we can do be sit at a table and look at they . jeff I think you say they be disgusting . why would we want to touch they ? tucker what do you want to do Jeff , play checker ? this be a fuck bachelor party . jeff well , what do you have in mind ? tucker a short two hour drive away be a strip club call baby doll . I be sorry . let I back up . this be not just some strip club . this be the Super bowl of carnal pleasure . aaron we have be to strip club before . tucker not like this one , dude . the first time I get a lap dance there , the stripper grab my hand and put they on she tit . the second dance , she turn around and basically dry humped I the entire time . she be gorgeous and be not even close to be the best one there . aaron I use to think there be a bright line between a gentleman 's club and a brothel . now you be tell I it 's just gray . jeff you can full - on grab they breast and they do not care ? 17 . tucker they encourage it . aaron I bet they have good childhood . tucker and the very best part : $ 5 cover , $ 10 dance , $ 2 drink . all. night . aaron I have rather fellate a hot curling iron than drive 150 mile because tucker breast feed until he be eight . jeff I can not leave . tomorrow we have a bunch of meeting and stuff to take care of . seating chart and whatnot . tucker seating chart ?! aaron I be sure kristy can cut that gordian knot . jeff it 's not that simple . tucker yes it be . it 's a lsat logic game . a table seat 8 people . tucker must sit next to a single woman with large breast . Aaron must not sit next to anyone with a vagina . no one else matter . boom , do . jeff the wedding be next weekend , man . I be not just go to leave kristy hang because of some stupid no - touch policy . that 's you issue , not mine . 17 18. tucker we will be back tomorrow afternoon . look dude , if we stay in Durham , we can not have the experience we need to make up for that abomination of a engagement party you have with kristy 's family . int . southern baptist church - basement - flashback 17 nicely -dress people sit around fold table in a basement Sunday School room . a sign tape to a wall : '' congratulation jeff and kristy ! may jesus bless you holy matrimony ! '' Jeff 's at a table between kristy 's father , Mr. jorgen and kristy 's brother . they have that foppish swoop of hair hang down over they brow like young Southern man you want to punch in the head . mr . jorgens I be glad you be have a good time , son . I be worried that godless , usurious law school friend of yours might lead you astray . jeff no , sir . mr . jorgens I be sure they would rather be out drankin’ and fornicatin’ . jeff probably , sir . angle on Mrs. jorgen , kristy 's mother , lead bible bingo . like every white woman under sixty in Texas , she have dyed - yellow hair and make - up apply with a shotgun . she 's petite but look scary intense . mrs . jorgens I - 6 . isaiah one six . angle on Jeff as he cell phone ring . jeff it 's career service from law school , probably about a job interview . hello ? angle on tucker , Aaron and kristy at a table in the back of the room . tucker have the phone tilt out so they can hear . 19 . tucker have a great time back here . this be definitely better than get drunk with stripper . angle on Mrs. jorgen . mrs . jorgens from the sole of you foot to the top of you head there be no soundness - only wound and welt and open sore . Hugh , honey , who do that sound like ? angle on Jeff as Mr. jorgen talk to he son sit next to Jeff . jeff tomorrow morning ? sure I can make that . mr . jorgens of course that 's who isaiah 's talk about . the open sore be from have they horn and tail cut off so they can blend in with the human . split screen with Jeff and tucker , Aaron and kristy . tucker hey Jeff , do daddy know he little girl like anal ? kristy tucker ! shut up ! my mom have hearing like a vampire bat . jeff I be not in a position to answer that at this time . tucker fuck it . I think I be just go to order some stripper . aaron make they papist and have they give we communion . it will set this congregation ablaze ! 20 . 18 int . campus bar - afternoon - back to current scene 18 jeff I do not know , man . tucker Jeff , you know you be my boy , but I have to be honest . if you keep act like a bitch , someone 's gonna fuck that pussy in you face . Jesus Christ dude , this be it ! this be we last gasp together as single man ! jeff yeah , I guess . tucker and what about Aaron !? aaron do not drag I into this . there 's a next generation marathon this weekend . I be just fine lust after deanna Troy and stewing in my cocoon of loneliness and anger . tucker he have not be out of the house since he girl tore out he heart and stomp it with bling shoe ! Aaron need this ! jeff you do need this . aaron I need this like I need hepatitis cc . tucker you need this ! we all need this !! it 's our destiny as men !! jeff yeah , you be right man ! I be in . fuck yes ! let 's go ! they walk out as tucker pay he tab to the bartender . 21 . tucker oh by the way , bro , make sure to tell Leslie that I be a asshole and that she should stay away . it ’1ll only help I . 19 int . tucker be car - day - at curb - minute later 19 at the curb in front of Jeff 's apartment complex , Jeff in the driver 's seat , tucker and Aaron in the back . tucker you be a integral part of this trip , dude , and you have earn it . so put you fuck game face on ! jeff let 's do this ! Jeff bolt from the car and bound toward he apartment . aaron he 's go to fail worse than a Friends spin-off . 20 int . jeff' apartment - afternoon - moment later 20 a wedding bomb have go off . kristy be flipping through " the wedding binder . " she 's in sweat and she hair 's a ratty mess . Jeff kiss she and nuzzle he head against she neck . kristy guess who just call . my mom . jeff what 's wrong , do another dinosaur fossil test she faith ? kristy she 's come into town early to help out . be not that nice of she ? kristy strain a smile . jeff how early ? a beat . kristy tomorrow . * * * 21 22. jeff tomorrow ?! you know she 's only come early so she can take control of everything . kristy no she 's not . quit be dramatic . jeff if she have she way the reception will be a potluck in a barn . kristy she 's pious and conservative , Jeff , not Pennsylvania dutch ! jeff we will probably have to churn we own butter for the dinner roll ! kristy my parent be pay for the wedding . my mom 's entitle to have some input . what do you want I to say to she ? do not come ? jeff that would be a start . i’1l be goddamn if I let she ruin we wedding . it 's my day too , ya know ! kristy calm down , groomzilla ! jeff do not groomzilla I ! that squirrel hunter would not know a good time if it jump out of the Bible and land on the front lawn of they megachurch ! Jeff stomp down the hall to the bedroom , kristy in tow . int . jeff and kristy' bedroom - continuous 21 the room be well - appoint with a strong feminine touch . Jeff yank a gym bag from the closet , grab some dirty jeans and shirt off the back of a chair . kristy what be you do ? 23. jeff pack . kristy for what ? jeff I be go to Charlotte with tucker and Aaron for my bachelor party . kristy I think you be stay in town . jeff Change of plan . tucker know about a great strip club down there . kristy good for tucker , I hope he have a great time . jeff you know I can not let he go off by himself . that 's when the really bad stuff happen . he need I to have he back . kristy who 's get you back ? Aaron ? jeff tucker 's get my back . kristy tucker say he 's get you back . except you be always the one bail he out . I wish you take care of I as well as you take care of tucker . jeff that 's a bunch of crap ! I always look out for you . you be my number one priority . kristy really ? when have I take precedence ? when have you choose I over tucker ? give I a example . just one . jeff I be marrying you be not I ? 24 . kristy look incredulously at Jeff . he try to salvage some credibility before it 's too late . jeff ( cont 'd ) you just do not want I go to a strip club with tucker . kristy honey , you know I be cool with you go to a strip club . if we do not have so much to do , I have go with you . but we have all the final appointment this weekend . you need to be there . jeff why do I even need to go now ? it 's go to be two against one the whole time anyway . kristy that 's not true . you input be important . jeff I do not get a say when the Locust Queen decide to swarm in early . why should this be any different ? kristy so instead you be go to pout and play babysitter to tucker ? again . 22 int . tucker be car - curbside - simultaneous 22 tucker and Aaron be still park at the curb . tucker what 's take he long ? aaron he 's talk to a woman . anything be possible . tucker should I go help ? aaron there be a zero percent chance that inject you into this situation will make it better . 25 . tucker I be go in . tucker burst from the car and jog toward Jeff 's place . aaron ( shouting out the window ) bring I back a gatorade ! 23 int . jeff' apartment - continuous 23 jeff compromise !? that 's all I have be do ! you dad do not want a bachelor party with stripper and booze , so I say fine , we will do a engagement party at the church . I want a beach ceremony ? ( imitate Mrs. jorgen ) no sir , we be have it in church under the watchful eye of the Lord . ( in he normal voice ) and I say okay . I want a bouncy castle at the reception ? ( imitate Mrs. jorgen ) bouncy castle be childish and dangerous . grow up . ( in he normal voice ) so I give in because I do not want to argue . it 's just a stupid bouncy castle . the only thing I have be able to keep so far be the open bar , and now she 's probably go to take that too and you be not go to do a thing to stop she ! kristy no one say you have to give in on that stuff . be a man and take a stand if it 's important to you ! jeff you want I to be a man and take a stand ? here it be : I be go to Charlotte with tucker and I do not give a fuck what you or the wick witch of West Texas think about it ! tucker walk in without knock . tucker what 's up guy ? 26 . kristy try to put on she '' everything be fine '' face . kristy so what 's this I hear about you take Jeff for the weekend ? tucker well , Durham pass this stupid no - touch rule . I figure since the lady can not seem to keep they hand off I , it have be irresponsible for I to go to club around here . kristy how thoughtful of you . tucker you do not mind do you ? I be not step on any toe , be I ? kristy give he that '' well ... actually '' look . kristy it 's just we have all the final wedding appointment tomorrow and -- tucker oh no . Jeff do not say anything about that . why do not you tell I , dude ? that 's not cool . it 's you wedding , man . Jeff be wide - eye at tucker in frustration and anger . a beat . tucker ( cont 'd ) we will just go out in town . we can do Charlotte after you honeymoon . tucker ( cont 'd ) kristy , that way you can come too . kristy sure , that sound like fun actually . tucker grab Jeff 's duffel from he and give it to kristy . tucker ( to kristy ) he do not need this anymore . ( to Jeff ) you ready , dude ? 27 . Jeff nod . tucker ( cont 'd ) I 'il have he back by the morning . and kristy , you look hot as always . tucker give kristy a hug . she shake she head , smile . kristy ( in light -heart jest ) you be completely full of shit . take care of my Jeff . tucker always . 24 ext . jeffus apartment build - moment later 24 tucker and Jeff walk toward the car park at the curb . tucker Charlotte , here we come . jeff what ? tucker come on dude , do you really think it 's possible to keep I from something I want ? they reach the car and open they door to get it . tucker ( cont 'd ) the more important question be , be you ready to get shit - face and grab some tittie !?! tucker get in and try to hi-five Aaron who ignore he . 25 ext . / int . tucker 's car - freeway - a hour later 25 tucker 's ebullient . Jeff have a search , purposeful stare . Aaron look bitter and disaffected . aaron we need to stop for food . my blood sugar be get low . jeff here 's what I do not get : why do you lie to she ? ( more ) 28 . jeff ( cont 'd ) you know I hate lie to kristy . it 's not like I be not gonna go anyway . tucker fiddle with a gps unit in the dash , browsing for nearby food option . tucker oh please . when I walk in you have so much surrender in you eye I think you apartment be Vichy France . they pass a sign for , among other thing , McDonalds . aaron if I do not get a mcgriddle soon , I be go to call the authority and have they arrest you both for kidnap and conspiracy . tucker I do not know how you eat mcgriddle . they look disgusting . aaron I can only assume from you cavalier attitude that you have yet to partake of the wonderment that be the mcgriddle . let I enlighten you . 26 int . mcdonald taster kitchen 26 people in white lab coat be put chemical on process breakfast food . everything be paint red and yellow . aaron ( v.o . ) what happen be the one true God grow mcgriddle on tree in the elysian field with a heretofore unused incantation . 27 int . tucker be car - freeway 27 aaron he then proceed to magic they down to you local eatery . 29 . 28 int . mcdonald restaurant kitchen 28 a wretch look McDonalds employee hastily slap a wrapper on a mcgriddle and fire it down the metal hold chute . aaron ( v.o. ) where whatever societal reject McDonalds have rescue off the dole that week gently wrap they in cellophane and pass they along to you , the fortunate consumer . 29 int . tucker be car - continuous 29 aaron you proceed to ingest this finery in the vain hope that you obviously overmatch taste bud can somehow grasp the delectable intricacy that face they . 30 int . mcdonald kitchen 30 a dirty fry cook pour some watery , yellow mixture into a mold and toss it in a microwave . he pull a couple strip of something from a box label '' fa-con '' and slap a slice of pale , waxy '' cheese '' on top of it . aaron ( v.o . ) be that egg ? why yes it be , and bacon too . but wait -- they do not add ... yes they do , they do indeed . they add cheese . the fry cook dunk a english muffin into a giant open tub of maple syrup . he pull the english muffin out and accidentally drop it on the floor . he quickly brushes off the larger debris from the floor , and slap the egg , cheese , and fa-cony concoction between the two side of the english muffin . aaron ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and then , then my friend , they wrap it in a sumptuous pancake bun ! as you taste bud try to process that amazing piece of information ... 30 . 31 int . tucker' car 31 Aaron , surround by mcgriddle detritus in the backseat , take a large orgasmic bite from a sandwich that look like it be smushed into a ball and drop into a lint trap . aaron ( v.o. ) it hit they . the syrup nugget . the motherfuck syrup nugget !! it announce itself with a burst of confectionery grandiosity the like of which you palate have never see . 32 int . tucker be car - continuous 32 tucker so you like they ? aaron allow I to phrase it another way . 33 int . tucker' apartment - dream scene 33 Aaron be dress like a ninja , with a mcgriddle in one hand . he sneak up on tucker and , in one fluid motion , whip the wrapper off the mcgriddle , cram it in tucker 's mouth , place the wrapper around he penis and hump tucker from behind before punch he violently at the base of he skull . aaron ( v.o . ) if you ever speak ill of the mcgriddle again I will personally come to you home and force - feed you one while I fuck you in the butt with the wrapper as a condom and then donkey punch you when the infuse syrup nugget explode . 34 int . tucker be car - continuous 34 tucker you be so fuck weird . tucker veer onto a freeway off ramp with a tall McDonalds sign loom up ahead . 35 36 31 . ext . tucker be car - charlotte , NC - early evening 35 they drive through bar-line downtown street . gorgeous woman in slutty clothes clog the sidewalk . int . tucker' car 36 head on a swivel , tucker roll up the window and child lock they . McDonalds wrapper line the floor board . a beat . jeff who farted ? tucker I do not sm -- aaron oh my God ! tucker burst into hysterics as both Aaron and Jeff futilely hit the down button on they window . aaron ( cont ’d ) what be wrong with you ? it smell like you get buttfuck by a garbage truck . tucker hey , McDonalds be you idea . aaron do not disparage the mcgriddle ! jeff open the fuck window ! tucker that 's some ferment ass juice you be smell right there . aaron where be my law book ? this have to count as a felony battery . they come to a red light , he unlock the window , and they stick they head out like dog . tucker point to a trio of overly make up Southern girl at the corner . tucker you guy have such weak constituon . ( more ) 37 38 32 . tucker ( cont 'd ) I bet that girl over there would not complain as much as you two . aaron of course they would not . they be hooker . they subject themselves to anything for the right price . tucker not every woman on the street be a whore , dude . watch , I will prove it . tucker lean out the window . tucker ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , miss ! how much for sex ? she be repulse . tucker ( cont 'd ) see , she only fuck for free . jeff tucker , where be we go ? where 's the strip club ? tucker dude , it 's not even seven . the club * do not open till ten . let 's get * some drink first . pregame . * aaron wonderful . now I can hate all this * people up close instead of baselessly judge they from inside this metal fart coffin . ext . tavern - evening - minute later 37 tucker this place be sweet . last time I be here it be wall to wall hot girl . int . tavern - continuous 38 the guy walk in and stop dead in they track . it 's dead except for a shit-house party of unattractive middle age woman and bit of birthday cake strewn everywhere . jeff yeah , this place be crawl with * trim . shame I be take . 39 33. aaron it look like Jenny Craig and Lane Bryant have a knife fight in here . a bouncer approach they . bouncer ten dollar cover tonight , guy . tucker yeah right . aaron I will pay you ten dollar if we can leave and pretend none of this ever happen . the bouncer soften a touch . bouncer look dude , I would not be here either if I be not get pay . just go to whiskey bar . everyone 's there tonight . int . whiskey bar - evening - minute later 39 the three walk into a crowded yuppie bar . it be the polar opposite of the earlier place . jeff much better . now this be what I call a target rich environment . aaron I agree . I want to shoot every single one of this bitch . tucker alright fella , we have a little over two hour until baby doll open . let 's see if we can not get some girl to go with we . aaron you want to pick up slut , and take they to go see whore ? tucker if thing go well . they walk up the bar and angle to get the bartender 's attention . Aaron nudge a fratty guy who 's talk to a girl . +e HH oh * 34 . aaron Excuse I . fratty yo , we be here first , bro . aaron so be the Indians . a lot of good it do they . fratty what have you call I ? tucker he call you a idiot . fratty fuck you , dick . fratty stick he finger in tucker 's chest . instead of reacting to that , tucker see the girl fratty be talk to . she nod . tucker be you on a date with this guy ? tucker ( cont 'd ) have he bragge about the kind of car he drive ? let I guess : a 3 - series . I bet he 's hint at least twice at how much money he make . right ? she do not say anything , which say everything . tucker ( cont 'd ) awesome ! how many time have he mention that he work out ? do he tell you about he gym and offer you personal training ? do not you love $ 30,000 millionaire ? aaron ( to fratty ) be honest : how many shirtless pic do you have on you myspace page ? a beat . the sorostitute giggle at fratty . 35 . tucker it 's a lot harder to pick up woman when you have to offer something besides frat letter and ghb , be not it ? I bet you even have one of that stupid frat rat name , like chance or reed . fratty my name be Logan ! everyone laugh , even the sorostitute . fratty be defeat . tucker should have move when you have the chance , huh tough guy ? fratty get visibly angry and two-hand push tucker in the chest . in a flash , Jeff have fratty in a rear naked choke and put he out . bouncer , who see the whole thing transpire , come over and drag a unconscious fratty away . tucker ( cont 'd ) ( to the girl ) there go you ride . in the background the bartender set up five pint glass half full with light beer in pyramid . he fill six shot glass with amaretto and a bacardi 151 float , and set they on the lip of the glass . the bartender take a huge swig of bacardi 151 , put a lighter up to he face , and blow a massive fireball over the shot glass . he hit one of the shot glass into the beer , start a domino effect that put out the flame and fizze up the beer in each glass . the five bachelorette girl , Melissa , Christina , Amy , Ashley and Mary , grab a glass and chug . tucker ( cont 'd ) what be that ? christina it 's call a flaming Dr. pepper tucker do it again ! the bartender set up three for the guy and they chug they . tucker ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! it taste like Dr. pepper . flaming bartender hence the name . + eh % 36 . tucker do it again ! Seven of they ! aaron and with less sarcasm this time . the bartender start to set up the round . tucker turn to the bachelorette party . tucker ok , if this be a real bachelorette party , who be the designate slut ? all the girl laugh except Mary . mary ugh ! none of we be slut ! tucker that 's funny , normally the designate cock - blocker be the fat one . the bartender set up the shot for everyone . tucker ( cont 'd ) I think a toast be in order for my buddy Jeff , who be also get marry , and to the bride to be and all she beautiful friend . even the bitchy prude . he raise he glass . tucker ( cont 'd ) here 's to the people we have meet , and to the people we have fuck , and to that amongst we who have have no such luck . here 's to beer in the glass , and vodka in the cup , here 's to pokin ' she in the ass , so she will not get knock up . here 's to all of you , and here 's to I , together as friend we will always be , but if we should ever disagree , then fuck all of you , herex to I ! everyone drink and cheer . 37 . tucker ( cont 'd ) alright , but for real , which be the naughty one ? angle on Aaron , next to Amy , a bubbly girl . she have a marker and a '' hello , my porn name be '' sticker . her porn name be '' bubbles State Route 17 . '' amy what 's you porn name ? aaron Scott Peterson . amy no no , not you real name . here I will help you . what be you first pet 's name ? aaron I be not allow to have pet . amy okay let 's do it the other way then : what 's you middle name ? aaron do not have one . unless I miss it between " shut up " and '' you be adopt '' when I be a kid . amy well what street do you grow up on ? aaron I grow up in a cave . amy oh come on ! play along , it 's fun . Amy playfully nudge he . aaron if you touch I again , I will gut you and grind you into pig slop . Jeff and tucker come over with a beer for Aaron as Amy bolt . tucker oh look , another girl who run away from you . come on man , this night be about you and Jeff . ( more ) * 38 . tucker ( cont 'd ) remember what we talk about in you apartment ? instead of be a cockblock curmudgeon , stop and ask yourself what would tucker do? , and then do that instead . aaron Fine ... but we can not both go after the girl with the lowest self esteem . Melissa walk up semi-drunkenly and sidle up to tucker . * aaron ( cont 'd ) * speak of the devil . * tucker * * you finally ready to hook up ? or do we need to do another shot first ? * melissa * ( drunkenly flirtatious ) * you talk a big game , Mr. man , but * you do not look like much of a * drinker to I . * tucker turn around and look behind he . tucker who be you talk to ? because you can not be talk to I like that . you could not tie my drink shoe . melissa let 's do shot . jeff be not she precious ? melissa * we will do team . * tucker Fine . bachelor and hot guy -- I -- versus bachelorette and you hot friend . tucker scan the bachelorette party and point to a girl with big fake tit and a naughty come hither look , Christina . she smile and come over . ashley ugh . I think you friend be hotter anyway . 39 . she point to Aaron . tucker yeah ? go talk to he for five minute . now let 's get down to business . line them up . and no girly shit either . if it have sugar in it , it 's not a real shot . aaron technically , all alcohol have sugar in it . tucker thank you , Mr. wizard . angle on Aaron stand at the bar next to a older lady who have a dog in she lap . older lady I wish I be young again , and full of piss and vinegar like you guy . aaron we be just full of alcohol and mcgriddle . you could do that . older lady oh my ! you be funny . aaron that 's what my friend tell I , but they 'il say anything to get laid . older Lady chuckle and look down in she lap . Aaron be hold he beer down and the dog be drink from it . older lady what be you do ?! oh my goodness , pookie , be you ok ? aaron you dog have a drink problem , you might want to get she into doggie aa . older lady why do you give beer to pookie ?! aaron pookie drank my beer . there be a difference . 40 . angle on the four shot contest participant ; shot line up in front of they . Melissa and Christina pick up theirs and toast . christina give I chastity and continence , but not yet ! Saint Augustine ! they laugh and cheer . tucker and Jeff kinda look at each other and raise they next shot . jeff to alcohol , the cause of and solution to , all of life 's problem . Homer Simpson . they pound the shot . angle on Aaron talk to Ashley . aaron Jeff , she do not think we go to the same high school . ashley he do not even know what the mascot be . aaron I think you be the one who do not know . you be just try to use reverse psychology to steal the answer from I . I will not fall victim to you chicanery . ashley psssssh , nuh -uh . you be totally fake . jeff here , we can settle this easy . tucker thrust a shot under Jeff 's nose and he do it . jeff ( cont 'd ) aaron'1ll whisper he answer to I in this ear and you whisper you answer in the other . I x11 tell you if he 's fake . Ashley seem to think this make sense , and whisper into Jeff 's ear . Aaron lean in and Jeff look at he quizzically . 41 . jeff ( cont 'd ) hmmm . unless the mascot be " I be go to knock this girl unconscious and anally fist she , " I do not think he go to you school . aaron oh , I be the cockblocker ! angle on tucker talk to Christina . tucker so what 's up with the bitchy one , Mary ? christina ehh , you know how it be . they do they shot as part of the ongoing contest . tucker yeah , it must suck to be that ugly . christina she 's not ugly ! tucker woman be the worst at judge they friend . have you look at she face ? bum would not fuck she . angle on Ashley and Aaron . a grillionaire song come on . the video play on the tv screen behind the bar . ashley oh boy , grillionaire ! grillionaire I do not touch no bill under twenty , ho . cuz George Washington 's smell like poverty , yo . aaron you like he ? ashley I love he ! he 's so hot ! Ashley move she hand impersonate grillionaire . ashley ( cont 'd ) what it do baby ! grillionaire in da house ! 42. aaron get out of my face , or I will carve another fuckhole into you torso . Ashley look at he wide - eye and walk away . jeff Captain no pussy strike again ! angle on the bar as four more shot appear . tucker sniff he and recoil . tucker I be not do tequila . that stuff be special Olympic in a glass . Aaron lean in and sniff he . aaron I smell a pussy . tucker glare at he and raise he shot glass . melissa I be every woman , it 's all in I ! whitney Houston . jeff that 's actually a chaka Khan song . they all look at Jeff awkwardly . jeff ( cont 'd ) well it be ! they pound the shot . it 's tucker 's turn . tucker this be for all you bitch , ho 's and trick , I would not talk to any of you , if I do not have a dick . tucker Max . Jeff and tucker cheer and do they shot . mary ( snottily ) who be tucker Max ? Melissa and Christina do they shot and gag . melissa ok , you guy win . +e HH oh * % a beat . 43. tucker six shot ? that 's it ?! six shot !? you may be able to vote and drive , but you will never be equal !! mary ugh , that be so misogynist . tucker no it be not . if I say that woman belong chain to the stove with just enough slack to reach the bedroom , that would be misogynist . mary Excuse I ? tucker what I say be sexist . and a fuck joke . not that you spoiled pageant girl ass would know the difference . mary Fine , you be sexist and misogynist . good for you . aaron tucker , you misogynist neanderthal . why do you hate woman so much ? tucker ( nearly exasperate ) I do not hate woman . I love woman ! why else would I put up with all they shit ?! mary you know what -- tucker I just do not like you as a person , because you be a fuck bitch . and that have nothing to do with whether or not you have tit . pindrop silence . a beat . Aaron faux lean into tucker . aaron ( exaggerated bar whisper ) tucker , that 's not good game . +e * hf es * % he hhh fh fh HH hk * 40 44 , Mary look at he like he 's a use condom . Melissa be sincerely hurt . melissa you be really mean . mary come on , let 's get out of here . Jeff pull Mary and Melissa aside as they start to leave . jeff hold on . Jeff follow Mary and Melissa as they make for the exit . Aaron look at tucker and shake he head . tucker what ? I be pretty sure it 's what Jesus would have say . angle on Jeff near the door . he 's manage to pull the girl aside . jeff I be sorry . you have to excuse my friend , sometimes he do not know the line between witty banter and hate speech . he 's get mommy issue . melissa what do you mean ? Jeff do the thumb -and - pinky drinky drink gesture . jeff Mom be the life of the party . int . family home - flashback - 1990 40 Little tucker be park in front of a tv watch a soap opera with he mother . she 's get a cigarette in one hand and a giant goblet of chablis in the other . she 's hammer . little tucker mommy , where do baby come from ? mom go ask you deadbeat father and he fancy new wife . as she say '' fancy '' she juggle she hand over she breast , sloshing she wine and ashing she cigarette on the sofa . 4l 42 int . bar 45 . - back to scene 4l jeff he really be a good guy . he 's just a little quick on the trigger . mary ( snottily ) he look like a premature ejaculator . jeff well , he do have a fast car . the joke at tucker 's expense disarm the girl , who chuckle as he come over to see what the hold up be . jeff ( cont 'd ) tell you what , come to the strip club with we , and drink be on he . melissa that sound like a plan . we 'il meet you guy there . tucker ( to Christina ) I know you will be there . ext . STREET - whiskey bar - night - moment later 42 the three spill out onto the street . tucker Jeff , call information , find out where this club be . jeff do not you know where it be ? tucker no , why would I know that ? aaron you say you do . tucker I say that ? jeff yes ! 46 . tucker oh . well , I can not be hold accountable for the thing that come out of my mouth . a homeless STREET musician near they start play " Friends in low place " as Jeff get on the phone . tucker put he arm around he and join in . tucker ( cont ’d ) cauuuuse I got friend in low place , where the whiskey drowns and aaron chase girl away ... and jeff be gay . the musician stop because tucker screw up the lyric . STREET musician that be not the word , man . aaron we will not be contradict by a man who work out of a hat . STREET musician hey man , do you like , have any change man ? aaron tell you what , I ‘’1l give you all my change if you give I that can of beer in you pocket . Jeff approach frustrated , with the phone to he ear as the street musician hand the beer to Aaron . STREET musician ok , man . here you go . aaron unfortunately , I do not have any change , but thanks for the beer . jeff ( hand over mouthpiece ) hey , do you know where this fuck club be ? baby doll . STREET musician yeah man , get my beer back and I x11 tell you . it 's all I have , man . that 's my dinner . he motion toward Aaron as Jeff snap he phone shut . * % + fh hk * 43 44 47 . jeff Aaron . give it back . there 's beer at the club . it 's cold , even . Aaron hesitates , hold the can of beer triumphantly . aaron I be not gonna drink it . it 's symbolic of my victory over he . tucker he 's a homeless street musician ! he already lose . aaron and do you think that perhaps he poor negotiation skill have something to do with that ? hmmmm ? Jeff rip the beer out of Aaron 's hand and give it back . jeff sorry about that . STREET musician thanks . the club 's straight down the street like a mile or two . a beat , as he look at the trio expectantly . STREET musician ( cont 'd ) do anyone have any change ? they pat they pocket and shrug . ext . baby doll strip club - charlotte - night - moment laer baby doll be a pink one - story building with giant picture of half - naked girl loom over it from the billboard in the parking lot . the neon molding and signage can be see from mile away . the guy walk in . int . baby doll strip club - moment later 44 the club be bump . hot naked woman everywhere . a host escort the guy to a great table . Three gorgeous stripper come up to they and sit on they lap . aaron unless you breast expel vodka and tonic , you can feel free to leave . * % + eh * * 48 . stripper 1 do not worry baby , drink will be here any minute . aaron in the mean time , I be obligate to inform you that , pursuant to megan 's Law , I be a convict sex offender . so , how old be you ? stripper 1 rape be not funny . aaron what if the rapist be a mime , or a shriner ? stripper 1 give he a look . aaron ( cont ’d ) ok fine , rape be not funny , but murder can be . stripper 1 murder be not funny either . aaron maybe not to you , but if the murderer be a clown , that would be funny to I . stripper 1 how be that funny ? aaron because he be happy on the outside , but sad on the inside . stripper 1 what ? aaron sad clown wanna kill somebody ? stripper 1 get up and leave . tucker shoot a look at Aaron . stripper 2 ( to Jeff ) what 's wrong with he ? jeff he go through a bad break-up . 49 . tucker you have a friend for he ? stripper 2 my friend would never put up with this kind of abuse . incredulous , Aaron laugh in she face and make a '' T '' with he hand over he head . aaron okay , I be go to call a timeout here , so the lesser comedian in the room have a chance to come up with they own stripper abuse joke . stripper 2 try to respond . Aaron put a finger to she lip . stripper aaron ( cont 'd ) shhhh ... I would rather mainline drain -o than listen to you whore - prattle for another second . less talkie ! more boobie ! stripper 2 you know what , I do not need this . aaron Said the fat girl to the cupcake . 2 & 3 get up and leave in disgust . tucker Three down , only ninety - seven to go . good job dumbass . Liz , the waitress , arrive to drop off drink and a round of shot . they do the shot and gag . tucker ( cont 'd ) Holy Christ , what be that ? liz it 's the house special . jeff what 's it call ? antifreeze ?! liz it 's cognac and alize . we call it '' thug Passion . '' each of they immediately reach for they water . lara , the stripper who be just on stage , pass they table on she way , ostensibly , to the dress room . lara be you guy drink water ? we do not allow Mormons in here . aaron it 's '' thug Passion . '' what mom put in you bottle so she could watch Young & the restless in peace . lara my mom use bourbon , all the sugar in cognac make I hyper . what would you mom use ? aaron I do not get the bottle . lara that 's not too surprising . judge by the distance between you eye , it look like she drank it all while you be still in the womb . 50 . Aaron stammer over a comeback and fall silent . tucker and Jeff stare at each other . tucker do she just make a fetal alcohol joke ? tucker hand she a twenty dollar bill . tucker ( cont 'd ) when you be do change or whatever , come back over and keep talk shit to he . bring a friend for the bachelor , too . lara smile and make for the back of the house . tucker turn + eh * he attention to the hot stripper that have come over to he . jade if we get a champagne room , we can do anything we want . tucker if we go back to my hotel room , we can do anything we want too . 51 . jade but then I do not make any money . tucker pause and contemplate this offer . tucker I will give you twenty dollar . jade ( laugh ) no . it 's four hundred , baby . but you be cute and funny ; I will do it for three fifty . tucker twenty five . jade Three hundred twenty five ? tucker no , just twenty five . jade I have to give the club a hundred to get the room for a hour . tucker my attention span will not last a hour . thirty dollar . jade that will not even pay for we drink . tucker that 's ok , I be already drunk . angle on lara come over and sit down next to Aaron and another girl sit next to Jeff , who he summarily ignore . aaron if you must know , my parent yell at I , send I to my room and ignore I . lara if I be you mom , I would have lock you away and ignore you too . lara get 52 . aaron if you be my mom , I would have be raise by a talentless hooker instead of a nag shrew . there 's a lose-lose . lara you be awfully bitter for a pasty - face shut in . have you always be this mean , or do some girl trade you in for a better model ? jeff yes , you be right ! his girl do dump he ! tucker for grillionaire of all people ! lara grillionaire ? like , '' what it do baby '' grillionaire with the diamond in he tooth ? oh wow . she could not even pick a good white rapper , like Paul Wall ? aaron she may be a vacuous slut with no taste , but at least she 's not a stripper . lara you think you be so clever . I know a hundred insecure asshole just like you . aaron I be sure you mother 's boyfriend be all great guy . lara if I have a dollar for every time I hear a break home joke I have have enough to buy comicon ticket for you and all the other orc mage failure on you buddy list . whatever , I have to go . up quickly and walk toward the dress room . tucker no , no , no you can not go . 53 . jeff ( in mortal combat voice ) finish he ! tucker and Jeff pop up and chase she down . lara I have really gotta get home soon . tucker you need to keep talk shit to he . jeff he can not handle it when a woman get the best of he . lara I know . and I have learn my lesson with guy like you friend . tucker he 's different . there be a beautiful flower inside that onion , I promise . you just have to peel the layer and fight back the tear . I will pay you normal dance rate , just stay and talk to he . the trio return to the table . aaron dance monkey , dance for you dollar ! lara all I have to do be insult he , right ? no dance ? tucker nod ascent . she take he money . lara ( cont 'd ) hmm ... what 's you name ? aaron it 's Aaron , but let 's skip the pleasantry and go straight to the part where you call I Captain kirk and give I a handjob in the alley . lara you be a Star Trek nerd ? Color I shocked . live long and prosper , dork . 54 . she give he the vulcan greeting and slowly fold it into a middle finger . angle on tucker and jade . tucker hold on , if I be cute and funny , then why be you charge I ? that 's no way to start a relationship . jade I do not need a relationship , I already have a boyfriend . tucker shit baby , I do not want that kind of relationship . I just want to fuck you . I be a great fuck buddy . jade okay then , potential fuck buddy , how big be you dick ? tucker how big be you mouth ? they flirtatiously stare each other down as we angle on lara and Aaron . aaron you be call I a dork ? you be the one with a video game character 's name . lara I be name after agustin lara . jeff who be that ? lara he be a famous mexican intellectual . aaron ha ha , that 's a funny joke . lara no funnier than you catch you girlfriend blow grillionaire . ( pause to taunt Aaron ) oooh , body blow , body blow , body blow , leeeeeft hooooook ! the guy sit stunne . 55 . jeff you like Mike tyson punch out ? aaron I call bullshit . who be you favorite guy to fight ? lara I like soda popinski because he 's drink a forty in he picture . tucker lean into Aaron and say in a bar whisper . tucker this be you dream girl . if you do not make this happen you will be a disgrace to the entire gta play community . lara hear the mention of the gta video game . lara oh , I will destroy you in gta ! aaron of course you will . and you be a ' exotic dancer 's , not a ' stripper . 's lara you can not handle a girl who 's better than you at a stupid game ? aaron you can beat I at gta ? hey , while we be in this fantasy land , why do not we drive you fly car over to the bank and get you approve for a low - interest home loan . tucker I bet you a hundred dollar that she will beat you at gta . aaron I be not betting on a video game . betting be illegal . lara lean in close to Aaron and sniff he . lara I smell a pussy . aaron well then douche before work . * 56 . tucker two hundred dollar . aaron I can not leave . Jeff 's bachelor party be the whole reason we come . jeff do not let I keep you here . nothing would make I happier than to see you lose to she at a video game . aaron I might consider it if we have a place to play and I have my special controller . lara my shift just end . we can play at my house . I have everything but you candy ass little controller . jeff then it 's a bet . aaron I be not go to some vile stripper de . you know she baby daddy be just wait for I to walk through the front door so he can roll I and steal my organ . lara how be you friend with this guy ? jeff I have no idea . how be you still attract to he ? aaron probably have something to do with the happy confluence of my sarcastic , standoffish sense of humor and the inability of she step - father to show she any affection . Jeff 's phone ring . jeff hey honey , what 's up ? angle on tucker address Aaron . 45 46 47 57 . tucker ( in a bar whisper ) dude , what would tucker do ? you be go . tucker give lara two hundred dollar bill . tucker ( cont 'd ) if you beat he , this be yours . if not , I expect it back . and not in sweaty crumpled $ 1 bill . int . carnival supply store - simultaneous 45 kristy be lie on a big bouncy castle , testing it out . her mother be look on disapprovingly . kristy have you finally calm down ? jeff ( 0.s. ) yeah , I be not mad at you anymore . kristy gee , thanks . be you have fun ? how be tucker handle the " no touch " rule ? int . baby doll strip club - simultaneous 46 jade be on tucker 's lap and rub he inner thigh and crotch . jeff he 's cope . a new dancer be about to come on stage and the dj pipe up . dj ( 0.c . ) welcome to the stage , twice the bright and half the height , Charlotte 's very own .... rainbow brite !! int . carnival supply store - simultaneous 47 kristy sit up . kristy Jeff , where be you ? jeff ( 0.s. ) a club . 58 . kristy no , where be you ? geographically . jeff ( 0.s. ) North Carolina . kristy get up off the bouncy castle with a start . kristy I can not believe this . kristy 's mother ( to the salesman ) we be not go to be need this anymore . 48 int . baby doll - simultaneous 48 lara grab Aaron and start drag he away from the table . panic start seeping through Jeff 's drunken exterior . kristy ( 0.s. ) put Aaron on the phone . jeff he 's leave with a stripper . kristy ( 0.s. ) Jeff , we both know that 's ridiculous . put Aaron on the phone . Jeff flag down Aaron before he get too far and wave the phone . he cover the receiver as he hand it to Aaron . jeff kristy want to talk to you . she think we be not in Durham . tucker tell she we be in Durham . aaron hi kristy . kristy ( 0.s. ) Aaron , where be you guy ? aaron we be at a strip club in Charlotte . gotta go . Aaron hand the phone back . tucker and Jeff look at he in disbelief . 49 59 . aaron ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . I be not lie for you miscreant . my moral compass do not point straight down my pants . lara take Aaron by the hand again and lead he away . jade be you friend actually go to seal the deal with lara ? tucker I be just hope he do not kill she . Liz come by with bottle service . a bottle of champagne and a bottle of vodka , with the accoutrement . int . carnival supply store - simultaneous 49 kristy and she mom be navigate they way toward the exit . kristy Jeff , why do you go to Charlotte ? jeff ( 0.s. ) I ... tucker ... i... I be sorry . kristy again , Jeff ? again with tucker . be you he keeper ? be that you role ? be that what you do ? hang out , swoop in and save he , and take the hit ? I do not get it . jeff ( 0.s. ) no . I do not know . kristy what I really do not understand be why you have to lie to I . we promise we would always be honest with each other . jeff ( 0.s. ) I do not know ... I do not know why we lie . be you -- kristy stop say '' we '' . I do not care why tucker do what he do . I only care about what you do . 50 60 . a beat . jeff ( 0.s. ) you be really mad . kristy I do not know what I be . hurt , I guess . really disappointed . I do not know what to think . I have get to go . kristy hang up as they reach the exit . kristy' mom I tell you episcopalian be no good . int . baby doll - simultaneous 50 Jeff look at he cell phone , stunne , as the call disconnect . tucker whatever , she will get over it . just tell she it 's my fault . jeff it be you fault ! tucker eh , six of one . do not sweat it , what happen in Charlotte , stay in Charlotte . jeff no it do not ! my fiance be in Durham and she 's fuck piss ! tucker take one of the chill glass , fill it with vodka , and hand it to Jeff . tucker solution to life 's problem , remember ? Jeff take it and give tucker a ' fuck you ' look as rainbow brite 's song end and the dj chime in again . dj ( 0.c . ) give it up for rainbow brite everybody ! and now , it 's time to call all dancer to the main stage for bachelor Party duty ! someone need a spanking ! 51 61 . tucker dude , you be go on stage ! you psyched ?! something catch tucker 's attention on the periphery . tucker ( cont 'd ) I will be right back . I be gonna go get rainbow brite . jade what about you friend ? you can not leave he alone in he condition . tucker he will be fine . he 's a big boy . tucker bolt for the back of the house . Jeff ignore he , finish he pint of vodka and pour another . ext. / int lara 's car - lara 's driveway - moment later 51 Aaron and lara be park in lara 's driveway . lara I need to tell you something before we go inside . aaron I fuck know it . I be gonna get jump . they be go to take my kidney -- lara no , I have a son . a awkward silence settles over they for a beat or two . lara ( cont 'd ) he will be asleep , but I want to tell you before you trip over he GI joe in the live room . aaron what 's he name ? lara Jack . aaron be he name after he baby daddy or the liquor he be conceive on ? 52 62. lara no . it 's just a strong name . I think a little boy need a strong name . I be not a big fan of that androgynous name like Terry or Pat or aar - - lara catch herself and shoot a quick glance at Aaron who know exactly why she cut herself off . aaron bitch . well , I can not say I be shocked . have a kid be one of the top three excuse woman use to justify stripping . lara really ? what be the other two ? aaron the '' pay my way through college '' lie head up that list . it 's in the Whore logic Hall of Fame . lara and the other one ? aaron '' it 's better than be a hooker or do porn . '' lara stripper do not actually say that ! aaron bullshit they do not . you need to watch maury povich . int . dj booth - simultaneous 52 strip club dj and now , the man of the hour , we bachelor of the night , Jeff Smith ! four stripper grab a visibly drunk Jeff , and pull he on stage . confused , he try to fight they off . one try to remove he belt and he pull back on it , yell at she to get away . the stripper let 's go and Jeff jerk back , he elbow accidentally clocking the stripper behind he in the nose . she grab she face scream . Jeff bend over to apologize , when the other stripper start punch and beat he with whip . Jeff backpedal and fall off the stage , crack he face on a table , create a huge mess . 53 63. Jeff get up with a huge gash on he face , blood spilling down he shirt , when the bouncer grab he and start drag he toward a side exit . jeff ( frantic , he head whipping around ) get off I ! tucker , get these asshole off I ! tucker !! the bouncer throw he out . int . lara 's house - night - continuous 53 lara and Aaron walk quietly into the live room . jack , 7 , be play with a large collection of toy soldier , GI joe and Lego man that he 's arrange in phalanx for a toy war . lara Jack ! be not you suppose to be in bed ? jack aunt Bunny let I stay up and play . lara it do not matter , you bedtime be you bedtime . aaron be the GI joe the good guy ? shy , like the typical 7 year old boy , Jack keep he eye focus on he toy and nod to Aaron in the affirmative . aaron ( cont ’d ) you have some transformer here too . you can not mix genre like this . it screw up morale and jeopardize the efficacy of you tactic . jack but optimus Prime have a big cool gun . aaron ok , we will work with it . what be you play ? jack the GI joe be go to surprise attack the lego . 54 64 . aaron I know you be just seven , but it 's time you learn how to set up a proper l-shape ambush . this rigmarole you have here just will not work , you flank be expose and you be vulnerable to a enfilade from the Lego artillery . jack what be a flank ? shock , Aaron shoot a disapprove glance toward lara . aaron it 's a good thing I come . ext . outside baby doll - moment later 54 Jeff be pissing in the alley , one hand hold the blood - soak cocktail napkin to he head , the other hold he penis . a cop come up . officer what the hell be you doin ' ? jeff what do it look like I be do ? officer we be try to keep this neighborhood pristine , and you be over here pissing up the place . this be a actionable offense . jeff oooohhhh ! be Mr. plastic badge gonna give I a ticket ?! how will I ever face my life again ? officer what do you say to I boy ? jeff I have a question , deputy dipshit . be you a cop because that be the only job you could get with a G.E.D. , or be it how you compensate for you erectile dysfunction ? angle on the patrol car pull away with Jeff try to kick out the back window . they pass the bachelorette party , who be about to head into the strip club . 65 . 55 int . lara ’'s house - night - later 55 Aaron and Jack be still on the live room floor fully ensconce in war with Jack 's GI joe . lara be stare at he with a mix of bewilderment and amusement . aaron ok , now you GI joe be perfectly set up for the ambush . once the lego come into this kill zone , no matter what they do , they be toast . jack and my flank be cover with support suppressive fire from optimus Prime ! aaron you might not grow up to be a failure at life after all . lara ok , it 's time for bed now . say thank you to Aaron for teach you ... how to attack you lego . jack thanks , Aaron . can you teach I other ambush tomorrow ? aaron I think I have stunt you growth enough for one week . maybe next time I 'il teach you how to use caustic humor as a mask for you inability to relate to people ona personal level . jack yay ! good night Aaron . ' night , Mom . 56 int . mecklenberg county jail - a few minute later 56 Jeff be in the drunk tank , surround by a bunch of mexican . jeff I need to get out and talk to my wife or she will never take I back ! who 's with I !? mexican numero uno I be da only one who speak English , mane . 57 58 59 60 66 . Jeff enthusiastically jump up on the bench . jeff esta bien bendejo , yo hablo espanol ! [ subtitle : it 's okay bitch , I speak Spanish ! ] int . outside the jail cell - simultaneous 57 the cop behind the desk hear some scream from the cell . good cop what be go on in there ? bad cop I will check it out . int . jail cell - simultaneous 58 jeff yo veo los tenedore ! tendremos una revolucion estrenimiento ! [ subtitle : I see the fork ! we will have a constipate revolution ! ] the mexican stare at each other in confusion . bad cop what the hell be go on in here ? jeff Su madre es puta para baaah baaaah ! sigame al bano ! [ subtitle : his mother be a prostitute for goat ! follow I to the toilet ! ] bad cop whacks Jeff with he night stick and he collapse on the floor . int . bedroom - simultaneous 59 tucker be have vigorous sex with a woman you can not quite see in the darkness except for she multi-color sock . it 's rainbow brite . tucker 's absolutely thrilled with himself . int . lara 's house - live room - continuous 60 lara and Aaron be sit on the sofa play gta . it 's at the part where Aaron get kill a couple day before . aaron Jack be a great kid . damnit. 67 . Aaron 's character be get beat up by the hooker . lara thanks . aaron I usually want to kick most kid into a wood chipper . no , what the ?! how be that whore kick my ass ?! be you play the hooker !? that 's not possible . Aaron 's character just get heel - stomp in the nut . lara that mean a lot . he 's have a tough time since he dad leave . it 's a secret cheat code this girl ona game messageboard develop . aaron why do he leave ? get off of I ! lara 's character be steal Aaron 's character 's wallet . lara he think I be cheating on he , so he decide to '' get even '' and screw anything that move . aaron be you ? I mean , it would not surprise I . you entire gender be hard - wire for whoredom . sonuvabitch , that 's my head ! lara 's character have steal Aaron 's character 's car and be back over he head with it . lara I hate when man randomly bash woman . it 's like this pathetic defense mechanism you guy put up when you know you be attract to a woman who might not be into you . aaron that 's not true . lara yes it be . it 's easier to calla girl a whore than admit to yourself that she 's out of you league . aaron that 's some whore logic if I have ever hear it . lara anyone be capable of be a whore , Aaron . be a woman do not de facto make you one . aaron it do if you be a cum-guzzle demon slut . lara Fine , but you ex be only representative of herself , not she whole gender . her action do not mean that I be a whore , simply because we be both woman . aaron so do you cheat ? let I guess , if you be get pay it '' do not count '' . lara no , Aaron , I have never cheat on anyone . or use sex as a weapon . lara 's character hop out of the car and snuff out the last bit of Aaron 's life by smother he with she breast . aaron motherfucker ! lara if you ever want to find love again , you have to get over this childish notion you have . if you do not , you personal life be go to remain the steaming pile of shit it be now . Aaron 's character finally die . he hurl he controller toward the television . aaron if I kiss you , will you shut up already ? without wait for a response , Aaron kiss lara . 61 62 69 . int . lara ’'s bedroom —- continuous Aaron and lara make sweet , sweet love . maybe a little awkward at first , it settles into decidedly un - stripper like sex . int . jeff and kristy 's bedroom kristy be still up , try to read a book , but seem a bit distract . she pluck she cell phone from the bedside table and flip it open . angle on the cell phone missed call menu none disappointed , she close the phone , toss the book where Jeff would normally be , and turn out the light . int . lara 's bedroom lara be asleep . Aaron , still awake in a non-peep tom non - rapist kind of way , be watch she sleep by the light of the hallway through the slightly open bedroom door . the bitter defensive veneer have finally crack . int . bedroom —- simultaneous 61 tucker and he stripper fuck buddy be reach climax , tucker push she small foot out of he mouth , finish , and collapse into the bed , drunk and exhaust . int . mecklenberg county jail - next morning - 8:41 am 62 Jeff wake up on the cement jail floor in a pool of vile , brownish liquid . he have a new well over he other eye . he be surround by a crew of mexican chat in ghetto Spanish . jeff where be I ? eh , donde esta vato loco ? mexican numero uno drunk tank , ese . mexican numero dos muy muy burracho , mane . there 's a pay phone on the wall . Jeff have no money . jeff I need to make a collect call to 323-351-7640 . * + eh 63 64 65 66 70 . operator State you name after the beep . jeff Jeff . int . bedroom - continuous 63 tucker 's still asleep . he pay no attention to he vibrate cell phone , scoot along the bedroom floor . int . jail cell - continuous 64 jeff try 281-330-8004 . operator State you name after the beep . jeff ( annoyed ) jeff. int . lara' house - continuous 65 Aaron 's cell be in he jacket pocket , which be in the live room . he be in the bedroom . int . jail cell - continuous 66 Jeff be lean he head against the pay phone . jeff damnit , where the hell be you !? operator I be right here , sir . jeff not you , could you try 919-555 - 8971 ? operator State you name . jeff goddamnit you know my fucking name ( beep sound ) just make the fucking call so I don ’t spend the rest of my goddamn life in jail !! 67 int . jeff' bedroom - continuous kristy be asleep in they bed . her cell phone ring . groggily pick up . kristy hello ? operator this be the mecklenberg County jail Operator with a collect call from : Jeff 's record voice click in . jeff ( v.o. ) just make the fucking call so I don ’t spend the rest of my goddamn life in jail !! kristy Jeff ? 68 int . jail cell - continuous Jeff look sick to he stomach . jeff hi , honey . kristy ( 0.s. ) what happen ? where be you ? jeff I be in jail . can you come get I ? a long , pregnant pause . kristy ( 0.s. ) no , Jeff . tucker say he have you back , so let he have it . kristy hang up and the line click over . operator ( 0.s. ) can I help you with anything else ? jeff can you come bail I out ? operator ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ? jeff nevermind . she 71 . 67 68 69 70 71 72 72 . Jeff slide slowly down the cell wall to the floor . he 's a * sad beat , swollen slump mass of exhaust rejection . * ext . lara 's house - front door - morning 69 tucker jog up the walk and knock . Aaron answer the door . * Jack be innocently wrap around he lower leg fight the * optimus Prime against the cobra Commander . * tucker ( slightly unsettle ) so how have it go ? everything good ? aaron of course . what do you think be go to happen ? tucker what do I hope happen ? I hope you hook up . what do I think happen ? int . lara 's house - night - dream sequence 70 Aaron strangle lara with the controller cord , as Jack yell in terror . lara stop squirming as Jack come over to help he mommy and Aaron kick he in he little nut , send he ass first through the front window . Aaron use a candle to light the drape on fire , grab a arm full of toy , and ... ext . lara 's house - night - dream sequence ..+. run out the front door down the street , toy spilling everywhere . angle on the house , with Jack , dead , dangle from a large shard of window glass that 's pierce the collar of he optimus Prime pajama top . ext . lara 's house - front door - current scene 71 * aaron that 's ridiculous . I already have all that toy . lara join they on the porch . tucker nod to she . she flash * he $ 200 , tuck it in she bra and nuzzle against Aaron . Jack pull on Aaron 's leg and extend he optimus Prime doll . * jack you can have this . aaron I can not take you optimus Prime , buddy . he 's the leader of the autobot . jack I want you to have he . aaron wow , thanks buddy . 73. Aaron fish the Duke GI Joe keychain out of he pocket , slide it off the ring , and hand it down to Jack . aaron ( cont 'd ) then I want you to have this . jack wow , mom , look ! it 's a Duke keychain . aaron Duke be the field Commander for all the joe that go into battle . he be my favorite when I be you age . Jack reach out and hug Aaron . jack thanks , Aaron ! aaron you have to promise I one thing : you will be just like Duke and take care of you soldier ; include you mom , okay ? jack I promise . Aaron stand up and kiss lara briefly . he slide grip and walk down the drive with tucker . aaron I ’1l1 call you when we get home . jack bye , Aaron ! see you soon ! aaron 73 see ya ! good luck with you ambush . out of she 73 74 . tucker do you just give you Duke keychain to a whore baby ? aaron she 's not a whore . they get to the car and Aaron realize that Jeff be not there . aaron ( cont 'd ) where be Jeff ? 74 int . mecklenberg county jail - later 74 tucker walk up to the clerk 's window . tucker I get a weird computer voicemail from you guy . I think you have get my friend Jeff Smith back there . clerk yes , Mr. Smith be quite the guest . wait over there , he will be out soon . angle on Jeff emerge from the jail with two swollen black eye and vomit cake to he shirt . tucker Jesus Christ , Jeff ! what happen !? jeff where the fuck be you ?! where do you go !? tucker dude , you be not go to believe what happen to I . 75 int . restaurant - on the highway - a hour later 75 tucker , Jeff and Aaron be sit around wait for they food to come out . Jeff have a deep , vacant stare . tucker you know the feel you get when you be look for that special someone and you be try so hard you think you might never find she ? like sisyphus push the boulder up the mountain ? ( more ) 76 75 . tucker ( cont 'd ) but then , just as you be about to give up , the cloud part , the path widen , and there she be ? well gentleman , last night I reach the mountain top . int . baby doll strip club - flashback - last night 76 it 's right after tucker pour the drink for Jeff . tucker ( v.o. ) Aaron you have just leave , when I see she . angle on the door to the stripper dress room . there 's nothing there . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) my midget princess . everything seem to slow down , tucker 's mesmerize , like a trance . the camera pan down ...to a midget dress as rainbow brite . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) her blonde hair and sparkling blue eye remind I of gwenyth paltrow . her compress cervical vertebrae and bow leg tell I what gwenyth paltrow would look like if she be place in a vise and squish to one quarter size . rainbow brite waddle confidently across the room . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as she pigeon - to foot carry she past we table , I sly down in my chair , hope to catch she eye . rainbow brite pass tucker , mouth open in order to breathe . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she look at I , she mashed - up tooth sparkling in the oily light of the novelty condom machine . tucker give he best seductive smile . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I give she my unmistakable " I want to fuck you " eye . rainbow brite smile at tucker , expose mashed - up tooth . 76 . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) she shot back a " my spine hurt " face , and I be smitten . tucker get up from the table , leave Jeff chugge vodka , to follow he midget princess to the bar . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she go to the bar and I take the stool next to hers . the beer bottle look massive in she tiny little hand . she grab a beer bottle off the bar counter . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) all I could think about be how big that hand would make my penis look . I start run tiny little game at she . tucker turn to she . tucker ( cont 'd ) hi , I be Gulliver . how be you do ? rainbow brite ( annoyed at the joke ) I have have a long night , I be tired . tucker hey , do not get short with I , sleepy . rainbow brite ugh ! I be not a dwarf , I be a Little person . tucker be that what Doc tell you , grumpy ? rainbow brite jerk ! tucker hi ho , hi ho , start dance or off you go . midget princess break a smile at tucker 's deviousness . 77 77 . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) she eat it up . she laugh she tiny little laugh at my tiny little joke and then throw I a fastball down the middle . rainbow brite I always fall for asshole . tucker ( v.o . ) it be the tiny little open I need . tucker smile deviously . a beat . tucker ( cont 'd ) this place suck . you want to go back to my hotel and do something more fun ? rainbow brite what do you want to do ? tucker ( seductively serious ) I wanna make a mess in you mouth . rainbow brite let 's go . tucker ok , but just to be safe , leave you pick axe here . I do not want you tunneling under the bed , look for diamond or something . it 'il freak I out . rainbow brite swing down from she stool , grab tucker 's hand and they leave . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) without a tiny little second think , she swing down from the stool , take my pinky in she tiny little sausage finger and guide I out the door . int . restaurant - current scene 77 Jeff slam he fist on the table . 78 . jeff wait ! be you tell I I have this ( point to right eye ) and this ( point to leave eye ) because you have to fuck a oompa loompa ?! be you serious ? tucker dude , it be destiny ! you remember ; the midget stripper the professor be talk about in class yesterday ! I go on westlaw and find out where she work before I pick up Aaron . Jeff and Aaron stare angrily and incredulously at tucker . it click . a beat . tucker ( cont 'd ) what , you do not think that 's funny ? jeff you mean you have never even be to that strip club ?! jeff ( cont 'd ) that 's why you take we to that crappy bar ! and why you have I call to find out where the strip club be ! the bachelor party be alla big fuck ruse !? tucker Jeff , how many people do you know who have fuck a midget ? you do not think that 's awesome ? jeff be you kidding I ?? I may not have a fiance anymore because you drag I into a lie that I do not want or need to be a part of . now I have to go back to Durham to beg she forgiveness , and plead with she not to cancel the wedding we have be plan for a year ! and what be I go to look like when I get there ? look at my face ! I look like I be on the wrong end of a prison beat ... because I be !! 78 79 79 . tucker dude , let I finish my story . it 's not always about you . Jeff flip he shit and try to hit tucker across the table , crash it to the ground . Aaron hold he back . Jeff storm out , cursing a blue streak . tucker try to interject . aaron right now , if I be tucker , I would shut the fuck up . int . bus - afternoon 78 Jeff , dishevel and disfigure , sit cramped against the window of a Greyhound bus , pack in like sardine amidst a collection of break soul who can only be describe as the dingleberry in the ass crack of humanity . int . jeff' apartment - evening 79 kristy and she mother be finalize the seating chart and write out the place card . kristy 's mother I ‘’1l tell you one thing . no good Baptist would be catch dead drink to excess or gettin’ arrest for causin’ a ruckus . it 's unseemly . kristy of course not Mom . the good baptist never get catch . a fiddling key sound come from the front door . kristy 's mother look , all I be tryin' to say be that this kind of wanton drunkenness and lack of self control be typical of a religion with all of the spirituality and none of the guilt . it 's not right . Jeff straggle through the door into the live room . kristy 's mother ( cont 'd ) ( bite and sarcastic ) well look who the Lord have choose to deliver unto this happy home . * ee % he hhh HH of * 80 . kristy ( to Jeff ) we need to talk . you miss everything . jeff I know . kristy 's mother catch a glimpse of Jeff 's face . kristy 's mother oh my gracious , Jeffrey ! you face ! kristy leap to she foot . kristy honey ! what happen to you ?! jeff ( beat and defeat ) I be so , so sorry . kristy 's mother sorry !? the wedding 's ruin ! look at you face ! kristy enough , mom . kristy 's mother we have to postpone ! I can not display you wedding photo in my house , what will people think ?! kristy I say enough ! this be not about you . I do not care what you do with the stupid picture ! a beat , as kristy 's mother regroup and Jeff look on sullen and hilariously disfigure . kristy ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? you have to stop let tucker get you into this mess . Jeff shrug , frown and droopy . kristy ( cont 'd ) ( through stifle laughter ) oh my little quasimoto . you look so pathetic . 80 81 . she hug he tenderly , as much like a mother as a wife . kristy ( cont 'd ) let 's get you clean up so I can stop laugh at you . int . law library - morning 80 superscript : two day before the wedding tucker walk into the law library and sit with Aaron . tucker dude , I just try to take a shit . nothing would come out . that never happen to I . I feel like elvis just before he heart explode . aaron if only the world be so lucky . tucker whatever . you wanna play some ball ? aaron I have class . you know , that place we pay 35 grand a year to go to between happy hour . tucker that place be dumb . Aaron do not react and silence hang for a beat . tucker ( cont 'd ) hey , let I ask you something : be Jeff really piss ? aaron be you drunk or stupid ? tucker what ? aaron how could you not realize he 's piss ? have you even talk to he since Saturday ? tucker I try call , but he do not pick up . what 's he problem ? 81 82. aaron his problem ?! be you such a narcissist that you do not know why he 's mad ? do you have any concept of friendship ? how have you make it this far in life without understanding this stuff ? tucker Fine , i’1l check into the hotel in wilmington tomorrow , and just go up there and apologize to he and we can be do with this bullshit . Aaron get up and hastily pull he thing together . aaron I guess God truly do protect fool and child , because you be both . Aaron turn and leave tucker at the table . ext . wedding HOTEL - establishing a large , high - end hotel . the kind that look like it would be a destination hotel for wedding and anniversary . int . HOTEL bridal suite - afternoon - next day 81 superscript : day before the wedding kristy , freshly shower , be in a towel . bag and clothes be everywhere . Jeff be channel surfing . there 's a knock at the door . kristy look through the peephole . kristy it 's tucker . do you want to talk to he ? Jeff shrug with ambivalence . she open the door . tucker be Jeff here ? he peer around kristy and spot Jeff on the couch flipping channel , ignore he . tucker ( cont 'd ) can we talk ? +e * hf 83. Jeff do not respond . tucker , look a little lose for the first time , peek expectantly at kristy . tucker ( cont 'd ) ( to kristy ) can I come in ? kristy open the door wider and tucker walk in . tucker ( cont 'd ) dude , Jeff , sorry . Jeff search tucker 's face for a extend beat . jeff sorry be just a word . Jeff turn the tv off , kiss kristy on the cheek , and retreat into the master bedroom without another word , close the door quietly behind he . tucker what should I do ? kristy apologize sincerely . tucker I just do . kristy tucker , what fantasy world do you live in ? one word and the guy head nod be not a sincere apology . tucker what else be I suppose to say ? I be not a mind reader . kristy do you understand the magnitude of this situation ? he lie to I for you . he land in jail because you fail as a friend in every way possible . tucker I do not make he lie to you . kristy he lie because he be you friend , tucker . to protect you . 84 . tucker that 's stupid . protect I from what ? kristy from he future wife think he best friend be a selfish lie son of a bitch ! except it 's worse than that because I always know you be selfish . now I worry that you be this uncontrollable destructive force that I can not trust to have the best interest of the man I love at heart . kristy 's exhortation freeze tucker . kristy ( cont 'd ) that 's what you do not seem to understand . part of friendship be support each other and know each other boundary . do you even know where Jeff 's be ? tucker yeah , of course . kristy so you just ignore they then ? pushed right past they . he sacrifice he line in the sand to protect you and you could not even sacrifice a midget vagina for he . be it any surprise you be not welcome at we wedding ? tucker I be not invite ? kristy no , tucker , you be not . tucker stand there stunne . tucker no way . what do Jeff say ? kristy you do not get it . I do not care if you be at the wedding . it 's Jeff who do not want you there . kristy look sadly and reluctantly into tucker 's face as he process she word . * * 82 83 85 . int . HOTEL hallway - moment later 82 tucker emerge from the bridal suite . he look like he 's mull over he option . he pull out he phone and dial . int . HOTEL room —- simultaneous 83 candle light . there 's a fruit tray and champagne . Aaron 's set up a ps2 for a gta rematch . his tuxedo be hang from the bathroom door . lara be change into comfortable clothes . his phone ring . aaron what 's up ? tucker ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? aaron not much . lara be here . tucker ( 0.s. ) cool , let 's hang out , get some drink . we can take the stripper dance ! aaron no thanks . we be stay in tonight . it 's a long day tomorrow . tucker dude , just because you be get pussy do not mean you should be a pussy . let 's go out . aaron yes , tucker . insult we and insistently reassert you initial demand . that 's 11 make the difference . tucker what be you talk about ? aaron you nearly submarine one of you friend 's relationship already this week . I have like a chance to see if mine can float before you do you best to torpedo it . i’1l talk to you later . Aaron hang up and plug in he special controller . 84 85 int . HOTEL elevator - continuous tucker well fuck ‘em if they can not take a joke . I be all the party I need . int . random durham bar - a few hour later tucker be flirt with a pair of girl at the target girl I have two cat . a girl and a boy . abigail lulu dibiase and Jersey lemon dibiase . tucker why would you own cat ? do you enjoy have big box of shit in you house ? target girl I clean the litter box every day . tucker do it not bother you how haughty they be ? they could give a fuck about you . target girl not my cat . they be not like regular cat , they be like dog . tucker right on cue . every cat person say that . you know what 's not like a regular cat ? a fuck dog . 86 . 84 85 bar . no one but tucker laugh . he finish he beer , and leave . tucker ( cont 'd ) no need to thank I , you silent , awed adoration be it 's own reward . he 's pleased with himself until he realize he 's the only one there alone . he look around for a escape from the awkwardness and find it in a girl with she face up to a tank near the front of the bar fill with cute little turtles . tucker ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? turtle girl talk to the turtles . tucker do they tell you to kill hooker ? that 's what they tell I to do . 87 . turtle girl shuffles away slightly embarrassed . two girl * seat nearby look on in disgust . of course the chubby one chime in . chubby interloper what kind of man say something like that to a woman ?! tucker usually it 's my misanthropic friend Aaron , then I pick the girl up on the rebound . but he 's not here . friend of chubby so you be drink alone ? that 's one of the beginning stage of alcoholism , you know . tucker I be way past the beginning stage . I already hide liquor around the house and drink alone in the dark . chubby interloper that 's sad . tucker no way . drink be highly underrate . think about it : what be the detriment to be drunk ? friend of chubby I do not know . tucker it hurt relationship with family and friend ? I do not like my family and my friend drink as much as I . it cause long term health problem ? I drive way too fast to worry about anything long term . it cost money ? I be go to spend it recklessly anyway , better on alcohol than drug or pornography . cause rude and aberrant behavior ? I be a asshole when I be sober ; be drunk actually calm I down . the girl look at each other in disgust . tucker ( cont 'd ) now compare that to it 's benefit : drink make I invulnerable to criticism , make ugly people attractive , ( point to friend of chubby ) make boring people interesting , ( point to chubby interloper ) and make hot girl like I . for my money , the choice be obvious . friend of chubby look hurt . chubby interloper , predictably , be fume with disgust . she be shoot death ray at tucker . tucker ( cont 'd ) ( gesticulate like hacksaw Jim duggan ) mongo angry ! mongo smash ! chubby interloper you just totally blow you chance , you know . there you be stand by yourself when this two hot girl decide to talk to you -- friend of chubby what hot girl ? chubby interloper we ! friend of chubby oh ... yeah . tucker burst out laugh . the girl get up to leave . tucker that be go to be my question too ! what hot girl ?! God bless you overworked heart . chubby interloper ooh , another fat girl joke . that really cut deep . tucker the only way I could cut you deep be with a battle axe and a run start . tucker be completely take with he quick wit . he turn to a group of dude behind he to share the joy . * % + eh % 89 . while he 's turn away from they , chubby interloper quickly pluck a bottle of visine from she purse and dump the content into he beer . chubby interloper ( quietly to she friend ) thirty minute , he 's gonna be ina world of pain . tucker compose himself , turn back and take a long satisfied pull from he beer . tucker ( motion to the girl ) this beer have be bring to you by the number 10 . stand side by side , he burst into laughter again . chubby interloper at least I be not out at a bar by myself . chubby interloper and she friend look at each other with that " eww ... pathetic " look . it stop tucker 's riotous laughter . he fumble for something to say in response , but can not respond to they truth . tucker fuck you , fatty !! tucker walk off in a huff take another pull from he beer . girl crashed and burn ! huh , mav ? tucker look at she confuse , and then stick he nose in she crotch and sniff . tucker slider , you stink . angry guy hey man , back off . she 's with I . tucker I do not know what you be worried about . this one should be in the bag . only easy slut make top gun reference in public . angry guy you need to get out of my face ! +e % + eh + eh * * 90 . tucker put he beer down and address only the girl . * tucker this you boyfriend ? he look like * the type of guy who eat with one arm guard he plate . he push tucker to the ground and the bartender separate they . tucker grab he beer and careen into the line for the * bathroom . he find himself behind connie , a fake- titte blonde MILF with a ring on she finger . tucker ( cont 'd ) so , be you actually marry ? or do you just wear that to keep the douchebag away ? connie no , I be actually marry . tucker how good be you marriage ? connie good enough to keep I in it . tucker then what be you do here ? connie Girls night out . tucker c'mon , be not that just code for '' let 's get drunk and suck off hot guy in the bathroom '' ? connie maybe for the girl you hang out with . tucker be you call my mom a slut ? connie ( laugh ) do she know you talk like that ? tucker do you husband know you flirt * with man you meet in bar ? * 86 connie playfully pull the beer from tucker and take a good - size drink . he grab it back and pound the rest . the bathroom door open and connie start to go in . tucker ( cont 'd ) you be not go to invite I in ? connie there 's only one toilet . tucker there 's a sink , be not there ? connie pull he in and shut the door . int . bar bathroom —- continuous connie be in the near stall . tucker be pissing in the sink . connie ( 0.c . ) do you always hit on woman in the bathroom line ? tucker only hot one I want to sleep with . connie ( 0.c . ) you think I be hot ? tucker baby , you be so hot , if I be dating you , I would never leave the house . I would never even leave you vaginal area , unless I be cumming on you face . tucker finish and zip up as connie emerge from the stall . connie you think I be gonna have sex with you ? tucker please , I be go to hit it so hard , whoever pull I out of you will become King of England . tucker grab she , pull she into he , and swallow she face . gl . 86 87 88 92 . int . HOTEL corridor elevator bank - later 87 Elevator door open . tucker and connie be in the exact same position as the bathroom ; eat each other 's face . they stumble out of the elevator and down the hall . tucker you tit be so hot . a loud gurgle sound emanate from tucker 's abdomen and he grimace with discomfort . connie stop talk , you be go to ruin it . int . HOTEL room - continuous 88 the room be dark . tucker and connie barge through the door , peel clothes off , and turn on the light . a stronger wave of abdominal discomfort overtake tucker as one hit connie . tucker wait . I have to shit . connie let I go first . i’1l be quick . connie slide into the bathroom . tucker pull the bed cover back , kick off he shoe , and shimmy out of he pants . unnatural sound begin to emanate from the bathroom as he discomfort continue to build . tucker what be you do in there ? connie ( 0.s. ) nothing . sound of prodigious shitting fill the room , only add to tucker 's crescendo pain . tucker it do not sound like nothing . hurry up ! connie ( 0.s. ) I will be out in a second . tucker turn on the fan . connie emerge from the bathroom and tucker shoot up . * 89 90 93. connie ( uneasy and hurried ) I do not feel well . I be gonna go . tucker what ?! connie move past tucker to collect she stuff . connie ( sheepishly ) there 's something wrong with the bathroom . int . HOTEL room bathroom —- simultaneous 89 the bathroom look like the lower 9th Ward after Katrina . Brown shit water be spilling onto the bathroom floor and the tank be gurgle demonically . it 's a sensory assault . tucker you clogge the toilet ? you clogge a motherfuck hotel toilet ! what kind of constipate meth-head bowel movement do it take to clog a HOTEL toilet ?! angle on connie shuffle past the bathroom ... tucker ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that thing be design to suck down third trimester shit baby , and you clogge it ?! be this what marry life do to people !? .-+- and out the door unnotice . he grip he abdomen and ass . tucker ( cont 'd ) oh no . where 's another bathroom ? tucker dash out . int . HOTEL lobby - moment later 90 tucker burst out of the elevator , look around frantically , and sprint to the empty front desk . it 's 4 be . he hit the bell furiously for a obnoxiously long time until the sleep clerk come out . tucker be there a bathroom down here ? 91 94 . front desk clerk back corner of the lobby . tucker take off , turn the corner from the front desk and immediately realize he mistake . the lobby be triangular . tucker which corner ?! he spot a white door at one end of the lobby , quickly waddle to it hold he butt cheek together , and burst through the door . janitor aaayyyy !! it 's a janitor 's closet . tucker where be the bathroom ! ? janitor que ? no , no hablo ingle ! tucker what ?! uh...uh ... donde esta EL fucking bano ? janitor ( point across the lobby ) alla ! alla ! sixty yard away , a large " restroom " sign hang above a door . tucker break into a dead sprint and he boxer start to sag . thirty yard , he ass crack and leg get noticeably wet . forty yard , he boxer have sly down to mid-thigh . ten yard from the door , he 's cover in brown , viscous liquid . Little speck hit the back of he head and ear as he run . int . HOTEL lobby bathroom - continuous 91 tucker burst in . he 's completely shit himself . he step out of he pink boxer , shit puddle in the seat , and fling they blindly as he break into the first stall . 92 93 94 95 96 95 . int . bathroom stall - continuous 92 tucker plop down on the seat and immediately slide off . his ass be cover in slimy , runny fece still spout black , viscous human waste . he flush , it overflow , and he fumble out of the stall , slide on he shit -cover sock . int . next bathroom stall —- continuous 93 tucker collapse onto the seat until he finish -- exhaust , dehydrated , and tear up from the exertion . there 's no toilet paper . tucker take off he shirt but discover it 's cover in little speck of shit . int . bathroom sink area — continuous 94 the large vanity mirror have a thick black streak from the ceiling to the countertop where he boxer be crumpled in a ball . he peel off he shit-heavy sock and fling they in the direction of the boxer . one stick to the mirror . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous 95 nake and cover in speckles of he own poop , tucker slink out into the lobby . tucker who else on this earth could be have a worse night than I ? laid out before he be a trail of he own fece . it start wide at he foot and get smaller until it apex at the clunky white shoe of the small mexican janitor . tucker ( cont 'd ) sorry . I mean , uh , lo siento . tucker walk defeat toward the elevator . the Lady janitor be sobbing hysterically . int . HOTEL elevator - continuous 96 wait for the elevator , tucker stare at himself in the reflective door , look into he own eye and face ... disappointed . he exhales deeply as the elevator arrive with a ding and the door open . through the glass of the elevator as it ascend , tucker see why the janitor be cry hysterically . 97 98 99 96 . there 's shit everywhere : on the couch , the wall , the plant , everywhere . tucker God , I hope they serve beer in hell . ext. / int . wedding chapel - next day 97 * Jeff and kristy have they back to we . the last groomsman be not dress the same as the rest , because he take tucker 's place at the 11th hour . they finish the ceremony and turn down the aisle . Jeff 's black eye and swollen brow be smear in dermablend . sweating from nerve , Jeff 's face look like someone piss on a chalk painting . int . tucker' HOTEL room * tucker look a little bleary - eye but he 's freshly shower * and hastily yanking on he tuxedo . the room service menu be * open on the bed and he 's on the room phone . * tucker * yeah . yeah . I know . I do not care . * the biggest one you get . asap . now ! * tucker hang up as he zip he fly , do get dress . * ext . reception hall - later 98 the banquet hall be beautiful . large bay window frame the elegant wedding reception inside . it 's a idyllic scene break only by worker set thing up on the lawn . int . reception hall - later 99 the may of honor be finish she speech . tucker slide in quietly and settles against the bar . he whisper something to the bartender , who nod , and sneak he some money . maid of honor and after that , I know she have meet a keeper . and I be right . I love you kristy ! everyone toast and politely clap . the best man , Jeff 's * brother , pick up the mic . he be sweat and nervous . angle on tucker at the bar . he motion to the bartender for a * beer . * 97 . wedding bartender four buck . tucker what ?! best man ( 0.s. ) hey , I be Jeff 's older brother . wedding bartender Cash bar . tucker who have a cash bar at a wedding ? tucker reluctantly pay as we angle back on the best man . best man I have know he he whole life , and boy be my arm tired . no response . angle on Aaron , sit at a table with lara . aaron Bet that joke kill on he blog . angle on best man . best man uh , when Jeff tell I he have meet the girl he want to marry , I could not believe it . only a few short year ago , he be throw rock at girl , and now , he be put one on ... she finger . angle on tucker , stand at the back of the room . best man ( cont ’d ) I have know kristy for a few year now , and I could not have ask for a better sister - in - law . here be to my little bro and he bride . everyone toast . tucker walk to the front and take the microphone from best man . tucker ( to Jeff 's brother ) gimme that mic , sling blade . tucker ( cont 'd ) ( into the mic ) some of you may not know I , my name be tucker Max . Jeff be my best friend . or at least be , until last week when I take advantage of he kindness and loyalty . I force he into lie to kristy , drag he two hour away , get he abusively drunk , and then ditch he to sleep with a midget stripper . I be the reason that , on the most important day of he life , Jeff 's face look like a melt barbie doll 's . kristy 's mother be nearly apoplectic . Jeff , hold back he building fury , scoot he chair out to get up , but kristy put she hand on he leg to stop he and keep he seat . tucker ( cont 'd ) the worst part be that I do not know I be do anything wrong . I be just do what I have always do ; which be pretty much whatever the hell I want . and to be honest , it 's work out pretty well for I up to about 24 hour ago . when my selfishness finally catch up with I and cost I Jeff 's friendship , and my invitation to he wedding . Aaron and lara look at each other . tucker ( cont 'd ) still , I shrugge it off and go out anyway . I will not bore you with the particular but the long and short of it be , I get drunk and end the night sprinting across the hotel lobby , uncontrollably shitting my pants . gasp across the audience . tucker ( cont 'd ) no really , I crap all over the lobby . and follow my selfish pattern , I leave the mess and go back to my room like nothing happen . more gasp . + eh + eh 99 . tucker ( cont 'd ) the only thing that prevent I from pass out in a pile of my own puke be all the knock at my door . 100 int . HOTEL room - last night - flashback 100 tucker open he hotel room door , to see the may , eye still red with tear . tucker ( v.o . ) it be the hotel may . a mop and bucket in she hand that she thrust at tucker . tucker ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) stare into she angry , overworked face , I have a moment of clarity : someone else always clean up my mess , and for the past few year , it 's be Jeff . 101 int . wedding reception - continuous 101 tucker at three in the morning , on my knee , literally clean up my shit for the first time in my adult life , I finally understand what a amazing person Jeff be , and how lucky I be ...was ... to call he my friend . tucker turn to look at Jeff and kristy with real sincerity , choke up a little . tucker ( cont 'd ) Jeff , kristy , I hope you can accept my sincere apology . when I come to you hotel room last night to say sorry , I honestly do not understand what I be apologize for . but over the past 24 hour , it 's hit I like , well , like ten pound of slippery shit . I have be a horrible friend . and even though I probably do not deserve to have either of you in my life , I have to come here to tell you that and to ask you for you forgiveness . * 102 100 . angle on Jeff and kristy , who look at each other . tucker ( cont 'd ) I know this will probably scare the crap out of most of you , but I hope to have kid someday . I be sure I will only have daughter , and they will all be vicious slut who sleep with asshole just like I and then throw it in my face . but such be karma . if one be a boy , though , I will consider myself a huge success as a father if he grow up to be half the man that Jeff Smith be right now . angle on the room . expression have soften , the room be quiet , some still unsure what to think . angle on Aaron and lara . lara ( cry ) that 's so sweet . Aaron roll he eye . angle on tucker , who have turn to address Jeff directly . tucker Jeff , I have never thank you , never acknowledge you , never really even think about it . I just take from you , dude . I be really sorry . and for once , I want to give you something back . tucker motion to the bartender , who flip a set of switch that pull back the drape on the bay window behind the head table , revealing a huge bouncy castle on the lawn . kristy 's mother oh no . jeff oh yes ! awesome ! the crowd erupt with laughter and applause . the child run outside to play in it . tucker set the mike down and hug Jeff and kristy and they toast to the bride and groom . int . wedding reception - montage 102 everyone be drink . guy and kid play in the bouncy castle . * 103 101 . tucker dance with the grandma , flirt with girl , tell a hilarious story as the center of attention . Aaron refuse to dance despite lara 's seductive stripper move . int . reception bar - later that night 103 Jeff , kristy , Aaron , and tucker be stand at the bar at the end of the night , tie undone , just the four of they . they look content . kristy tucker , I have to say , when you get up there , I almost die . I have no idea what you be go to do . but that be a great speech . tucker thank you . you deserve it . I owe you and Jeff . jeff yeah , you do . kristy and tucker hug . kristy I have to go check on the guest . kristy walk off . jeff so ...did you really fuck a midget ? tucker oh yeah . aaron when she 's riding you , can you spin she like a top ? tucker I try , but she vagina be too shallow . physics be all wrong . jeff do you really shit the lobby ? tucker oh yeah . aaron do you really clean it up ? 104 105 102 . tucker well , the may do show up at my room with a mop and a bucket . but you guy have know I for many year . what do you think tucker would do ? int . HOTEL hallway - last night - flashback 104 tucker open the door . the may , eye still red with tear , thrust a mop at he . he refuse it . she thrust it at he again . he pull out a $ 20 bill . she refuse . he pull out another $ 20 . she accept they and tucker close the door . int . reception bar - continuous 105 aaron I know it ! you do not even do you own laundry . jeff you do not clean it up ? you stand up at my wedding , pour you heart out , and it 's all bullshit ? tucker it 's not all bullshit . I do not need to actually clean up the mess to learn the lesson . aaron I do not even know why this shock I anymore . Jeff and Aaron look at tucker with a mixture of bemusement and amused disbelief . before anyone say another word , a dog come into frame , lead a cute girl toward the ballroom door . it 's a see eye dog . the cute girl be blind . a beat . as recognition of the blind girl settles over the trio , the mischievous glimmer return to tucker 's eye and they see it . tucker I will be right back . tucker break for the cute blind girl as we ... CUT to black MAIN title & end crawl + eh %