" i'll do anything " screenplay by James L. brook 1994 shoot draft fade in : int . passageway - night the camera briskly retreat as forty , highly charge , attractive , young people march towards it . each side of the frame be black as this troupe of young actor move up the middle , everyone talk , grin , squealing , ... everyone have the " high " of they life . int . new york club - night as the troupe , with geometric precision , spill into a large room ( contain a raise dance floor ) ; the camera begin to move past dance couple as a legend appear : ' this be 1975 and Matt hobb be single out for the first time . ' and now the camera reveal matt hobb . his open , friendly , american face slip between some of the many crack in he profession . the face at 26 , and forever more , not arrest enough for a lead man ; not quirky enough for a " character . " Matt must briefly walk on the dance floor to make he way past a knot of people . he dance furiously for two second , then step down as the dancers begin to sing " wow " , but just as the song break out musically , we hear the SOUND of people shhhing ; the singer falter and then stop as the party - goer gather , in choreograph movement , at a ceiling mount tv set . man on tv we can barely discern the word . . . " with he review be Leonard graff . " a frantic actress yelp a command : frantic actress I can not hear over this shhing . silence , then : tv critic ...a play about guess what ? that 's right , young people . on matt he stand next to a ruggedly handsome and extremely nauseous contemporary . handsome contemporary I can not look . matt good idea , let 's not . he begin to walk , the handsome contemporary fall into step . everyone they pass be strain , upwards , at the tv . handsome contemporary how can we not listen to this ? matt we will know all we need to from the reaction . at that moment , the rest of the party - goer turn from the tv as one , look mug . ( one girl briefly get we attention because she be particularly distraught ; tear stream down she angry face . the mixture of tear and rage be , of course , the chemical component of incredible sexiness . her name be beth . ) a torture male dancer offer a incantation . torture male dancer he should be shot , he should be dead , he should rot in hell , then come back as the soap cake in a urinal . handsome contemporary ( to dancer ) he do not like it ? the director move through the group , buck up spirit . director do not worry . he do not count . we will just wait for the papers . on matt and fellow cast member - later as they morosely watch the director approach . matt hey , no matter what this review say , the play be a great experience for I . Beth look at he , puzzle . matt ( again ) I mean , it be about process , right ? handsome contemporary Matt 's right . good Lord , it be what we be alive for . Beth turn from the conversation , find it preposterous , then rivet she attention on the director , walk towards they , hold a ridiculously thick sheaf of papers . Beth begin to sob in anticipation . matt you have just get to be tougher than this . beth ( incredulous ) tougher than this ?!? the director reach they . director I take it all down over the phone . it 's quite bad . and , unfortunately , it 's very , very long . I have get a break heart and writer ' cramp . he ... matt he 's nut . director he savage everyone . matt I do not want to hear anymore . let 's dance . director except you , Matt . they all look at he . handsome contemporary ( fiercely to Matt ) you filthy bastard . beth ( draw closer to Matt ) what do he say ? the director hunt for the paragraph . matt do not read it . other actor oh , please . you can not wait to run out of here , buy a flashlight , and then go into some dark alley and drool over every word . matt ( truthfully ) you be wrong . I be maybe relieved and curious . that 's it . beth ( wildly exasperate ) what do they say about he ? director ( read ) ...' in the midst of this delirium of pretension ... ' matt do not . this divisive crap will not ... director ( again ) ' ... one actor , rather miraculously , manage to provide passion and , yes , truth . Matt hobb , in the support role of Jesus , manage to touch the heart long after you think it numbe by boredom . ' the table of actor look at a sober Matt . a long beat and then , against he will , he grin ... then a short , involuntary bark laugh of joy ... then : matt ( to he colleague with sincerity ) sorry . morph to : establishing shot - L.A. moderate income STREET as we hear the next line of " wow " , begin MAIN title as the camera boom up to the outside of a small apartment as a legend appear on screen : ' emmy night - 1980 ' Beth , now 27 , be stand in front of a tv set show the Emmy dancer perform a phrase of " wow " . she scream out . beth will you get in here -- for God 's sake ? int . another room Matt , 30 , be on the phone . matt ( into phone ) come on , ma , how could I show up tonight when my union be boycot the emmy ? look , I have to hang up . beth ( o. S. ) ( scream voice ) it 's on right now ... right now ... right this second ! you will miss it !! matt ( into phone ) I gotta go . watch ! Matt hang up and tear - ass into the live room . Beth scream as he name be read . tv voice ( on tv ) ...and Matt hobb for ' caine mutiny Court martial ' ... and the winner be power boothe for ' jonestown -- Story of a massacre . ' beth shit ! fuck ! shit ! matt he be good . beth ( again ) shit ! shit ! shit! fuck ! shit ! look , he even show up . tv insert - power boothe acceptance speech matt that take courage . I wonder if they send you something for just be nominate ? beth of all the pathetic question . matt ( sharply ) why be you be so damn foul ? Beth glare at he , on the verge of take he on -- but he be look at she very directly ... the lack of any other agenda give he a temporary edge ... Beth decide to state the unadorn truth . beth we have be go back and forth on we status for so long . I be hope that if you win , it might mean something for we . matt look , Beth ... the only ... she be wave she hand in a circle ... he be puzzle . beth please go fast . I can not take you drag it out . matt ( a bit faster ) the only reason I have not ... beth I promise myself I would not be so bossy . take you time !! be that bossy too ? matt ( persist ) the only thing I have against get marry be that it might not be fair because I be go to stay with act forever and you know how erratic the money 's be and there 's no resolve ... beth do I get to vote ? I be go to tell you something I never tell you before . you feel towards you work be one of the thing I love most about you . matt really ? beth maybe the most . matt hey , then we have no problem here . marry I . they kiss , then break , murmure to each other . beth stinker , I almost give up on you . matt I be just worried whether I could make you happy . morph to : int . hospital waiting area - four a.m. a set frame show several cluster of wait people . a man rush to one of this cluster , cue this group to sing the next phrase of " wow " . as a extremely hyper Matt enter , the song stop and a legend appear : ' 1986 ' matt ( extremely hyper ) everything 's okay ... great ... she 's six or eight pound even . oh , God ... nothing like it . I will tell you something amazing . they really reach right into she stomach and pull out this baby . it 's not just a rumor . God . I understand the expression ' mind blow ' for the first time . it mean something so wonderful happen that the top of you head come off and you brain pop out . part of it be terrifying , the baby be turn and they could not budge she . I keep look at this one woman doctor 's eye . and when jeannie finally come out , this doctor and I each wipe away a tear at the exact same time , catch ourselves do it , and then laugh together at the same time . nothing can prepare you for it . you know why you be alive . int . corridor - day as Matt walk with pep , accompany by a burst of " wow " . int . beth' hospital room - day Beth hold baby jeannie and wear a scowl . matt how you do ? what 's wrong ? beth my mother say you be flirt with the doctor during the delivery . on Matt 's expression ... morph to : int . modest one - bedroom apartment - late night Matt and Beth lie on a open sofa -bed . " wow " be complete , though with a dirge - like cadence . we hear a baby cry over a cheap walky - talky near they bed . matt could you get she , honey ? I have that big read tomorrow . beth no , I have a lot to do tomorrow , too . I have to borrow on we Christmas Club , I have to ... matt do not worry about money anymore . ( on she look ) I do not want to tell you , because it may sound a little strange when I say it out loud . you know I , I be never that cocky . but I be go to get ' spider woman ' . it 's I or raul and I have never be so sure . it 's weird , but I just know it . I do . beth ( broadly ) Boy , be I reassure . what good news . be not that a load off ? int . baby room - night where we see the cry baby hold the walky - talky in front of its mouth as it scream into the mouthpiece . back to scene matt I be gonna get this part , Beth . beth I can not stand this anymore . end MAIN title fade in : int . matte apartment - morning it 's a awful place ... the start - up apartment he 's way too old for ... but we do not yet see he humble quarter . Rather : a blurred image then , the screen be cleare on one half so we see half of a contact lens holder in focus - - the other half blurred -- until Matt get he second contact in . matte Pov a tube of tooth bleach . close on the direction , then : on matt bleach he tooth ... finish ... smile in the mirror ... this be the bleach smile of fear -- true fear -- the awful state of have lose you way . the phone ring . Matt clear he voice before answer . matt ( into phone ) hello ... hi , Beth . I be glad you finally return my call . what be you so mad about ? ( again , into phone ) you know , you 're not the only one who can scream , I can scream , too . Matt be so suddenly , emotionally extend that the anger leave he that quickly ... just a strange atypical lightning bolt of rage toward life and woman . matt ( again , into phone ) you know what ? I be be a sort of gutless wonder here . I be yell back at you because I be embarrassed . I will not be able to take the kid when I say ... why do not you listen for a second ? he rub he head with both hand , include the one hold the phone . this allow we to hear he ex- wife repeat the same sentence over and over again . beth ( V. o. ) ( from phone ) ... you be take she ... you be take she ... you be take she ... matt Beth , I know exactly how long it 's be and I feel strange as hell not see she but this be not a choice . I be break . it 's the driest spell of my life . I be not say it 's you problem , but it 's no place for a six - year - old . what can I do ? the only full - time job I seem to have be not show how scared I be . what ? no , that 's not something I say before . ( accept compliment ) well , thanks . Beth turn angry again . Matt find , unfortunately , that he 's get one more act of bravado leave . matt ( again , into phone ) Beth , hey ... hey . never mind , I will do it . he hang up . matt ( again , to himself ) I must get work . I will take anything . I must get work . I must not be embarrassed by this pep talk to myself ... ext . side STREET - day as Matt walk from the outdoor parking lot , past inexpensive home . in the lot , on private lawn and every public bench , at each street corner , be various actor do the relaxation exercise which will form the basis of a dance , as they go over they " side " . middle - aged actor ... feather I be blow . what be I , a duck ? we pass various actor go over alternate sentence for the same speech so that we get a sense of the speech as a whole from the sum of its part . various young actor 1 ) I be not think about whether I be go to shoot you . I be ... 2 ) ... try to decide where . 3 ) ... the little spot behind the ear where you die before you hear the shot ... 4 ) ... on the leave side of the belly which be a very mean place . ext . popcorn picture - day a office building of clear architectural merit locate in a industrial area . even the sign " popcorn picture " have all the artistic dignity the name itself lack ... music enter ... gradually , movement become choreographed ...i.e. , the young actor and actress run across the street do so with uncommon grace . the area Matt pass be very crowded and we still have not reach the most congest area of all as we study face and hear snatch of the actor ' preparation . middle - aged actor what be I , a duck ? older actress sure I will tell you ... favor first ... do a nice middle - age lady a favor ... a fair trade ... tell you what you want to know in return for a ... ( grimace over dialogue she must say ) ...a pity fu ... music become more insistent as we approach the building -- the mumble of the actor take on the SOUND of a wailing Wall ... various young hysterical actress ... the height of ego . you think you he -manness can make I get on that elevator even though I be phobic ?... I can't get on that elevator . I do not care if ... they catch we . do you get ... it. do you get it ! I can 't ! I can 't ... three , please . three hysterical actress singing the dialogue ... singing actress ... can not get on the elevator ... can not get on the elevator ... even if you make I ... even if you make I . do you get it ?... do you get it ?... two actress stand near each other - - exchange glare as they break each other 's concentration and move apart ... there movement serving as we gateway to dancing ... the song " make believe " enter fully now and build in intensity , reach a repeat phrase , as we move to Matt and he enter the building , thereby cut off the song . on matt as the song continue in intensity , Matt enter the building at the end of a repeat phrase cut off the song as we move to : angle on reception area where cathy breslow , age 30 , wait . Hollywood be a bit of a uphill struggle for Cathy . she be bright where other be brilliant , pretty where other be gorgeous , enormously hard work where other be obsessive - compulsive . she be clearly wait for someone while read a enormously thick book galley . Matt almost scoot by she , then stop . matt hi ... see , I do recognize you . you do not have to wait for I . cathy well , I want to introduce you . as if know I would help . int . popcorn picture - day moving shot . staircase pack with actor , a uphill slalom almost impossible to navigate . cathy it 's a ridiculously awful movie . matt well , challenge . I be not sure you would remember I ... let alone help ... cathy stop . you be good . I be do they a favor by get you in . matt well , that 's a fresh slant . they reach the casting assistant , claire . cathy Claire , this be Matt hobb . as Matt be hand a set of side , we shoot past Matt as he watch Cathy move back down the stair before he can say another word . she move with wit . he be strike by she . he look back at Claire , who have a intricate hairdo and a ready smile . claire hi. sorry . we be run behind ... please forgive we . long dissolve to : same shot - two hour later her hairdo wilted , she blouse soile , she smile go , the tendon of she neck prominent . claire ( fiercely ) Matt hobb ? Matt hobb ! on matt go over he line . hear he name , he rise . Claire gesture he in . int . burke's office - day the wall be pockmark with movie poster . three men sit in a area some distance from the desk . the casting director , martin , make the introduction : martin this be Matt hobb ... this be John Earl mcalpine , the director . mcalpine good to see you . he speak with a Australian accent , get half - up and extend he hand . martin ... and burke adler , the producer . burke so , what have you be do with yourself ... ( check resume ) ... the last few year ? matt ( to burke ) I be real bad at interview , so , if you do not mind , I would really prefer to just read first . burke that 's the way you want to do it ? matt yes . burke maybe we should not even read . I will just take you word that you be good . Matt smile . burke no. I be serious . there 's all different way . do you know Woody Allen never read actor ? he just look at they , feel around a little and then decide who he want . that 's he way . do not hear they do a line . I also have a way . what I do be interview first -- then read -- maybe do it all over again the next day . I call up people the actor have work with -- check he out . if he 's famous , I do a opinion survey to test how much people like he . if he 's not famous , I put he on tape and show it to everyone I can grab . I believe in screen test ; I believe in replace if the daily be bad , in cut people out if the preview be not there . because I be not do movie for theater where they serve cappucino in the lobby . I be do popcorn movie . you want to know what I like ? come to my house , look at my lamp ... you will not find it in my movie . in my movie , you will find out what I know . I know how to do detail . what I do not know , I discover . yesterday we finish mixing a movie -- the last scene be in a field of windmills which blow up and all the blade of this windmills slice through the air , one of which hit a four-story tank of propane gas . a humongous explosion scene . I keep on say ' louder ' , and they finally say to I they could not go louder without distortion . we go louder . we have to discover a thing , a filter , but we go louder . I do not question do this thing . I do they . so if you want to know if it 's okay to do it differently -- not to talk -- to just read first ... I say ... ( point to John Earl ) ask he -- he 's the director . JOHN earl whatever . burke okay , let 's do it . do you have any question ? matt they only give I this two page . I would like to give this my best shot . so if I could read the script and come back ... burke this part work tomorrow . matt oh . who will I be read with ? burke indicate Martin . matt ( from he chair ) can I read from here ? burke I want you to do it wherever you be comfortable , but I would prefer it if you be comfortable stand up . Matt rise uncomfortably . a secretary enter and hand a note to the director . JOHN earl time for my bun to have visitor . Matt look astonished as the director leave the room . burke ( to Matt ) go ahead . matt go ahead ? the director leave . burke that 's okay , he trust I , uh ... and we be just do the first page . martin ( cue he badly ) ' okay , darling Harry , here it be ... if someone be break up with I , I would like it short and sweet . what about you ? ' matt ( read - - show pain ) ' incredibly draw out ... ' martin ' I can not take care of you right now . what be I , you mother ? ' matt ( intense ) ' well , what be I ? you duck ? ' as he get into the scene he begin to experience some release of the desperate feeling he 's be harbor . matt ( again ) ' we have be together two year and you act like all you be do be blow away some feather . so what I be ask ... ' burke you do not do the quack . matt huh ? burke the stage direction say for he to quack . matt I know , but why would he quack when someone 's break up with he ? burke hopefully because it 's funny . matt this be not a comedy . burke then we be in trouble , because they be already fall down laugh at the teaser - trailer in fifty - two hundred and thirty theater . matt a comedy ? ( rub he face ) I think I have to make a adjustment here . int . cathy' office - day we hear the strain of the theme of a past hit movie come from Cathy 's cassette player . a rack of soundtrack clearly visible . Cathy be frown as she read the last of the galley page . she overhear some conversation in the adjoin room which begin to disturb she concentration . female D person ( o.s. ) I be not suppose to read tv pilot . do not call we D - Girls . we be development person ! Cathy close the door , shutting she off . she now begin to fill out a form with a feel - tip pen . as she do so , the pad be super on the screen-- action see through it . as she write , we see the notation on the super . it be mark coverage --confidential from : cathy breslow . to : burke adler . subject : ( the pen write out ) " little dick " genre / category ( the pen write out action - adventure ) . then there be column to check excellent , good , fair , poor for the story . character , dialogue ... the pen check fair for story , poor for all else , character , dialogue , etc . the form then state -- check one of the following sentence : I do not recommend this project I recommend this project I strongly recommend this project i'd stake my all on this project i'd gladly stake my all on this project the phone ring . as she pick it up and reach to turn down the volume of the motion picture soundtrack she 's listen to . cathy ( into phone ) hi. I just finish . I will have my coverage right over . it 's past derivative ... it 's photocopy . what a hoot ! you be kid , right ? there be truly active bid for this book ? really ? 2.3 million ? okay , see you . she hang up and begin to alter the form change the story / poor to story / excellent , and all the other poor to good ... and now the recommend section . insert the pen be poise . on cathy her soul be poise . a beat and she allow " I do not recommend " to stand , the source music theme -- " chariot of FIRE " -- coincidentally celebrate this considerable act of heroism . Cathy take the sheet and walk to the door . int . outer office - day as she approach she secretary 's desk , she overhear two other member of burke 's development staff ( a 27 - year - old well - dress man and a woman young than Cathy ) as they enthuse . male D person even the title " Little Dick " -- it mean so many thing . female D person Story , story , story , story , story . ( see Cathy ) you love it , right ? cathy I have some problem . female D person like what ? cathy well , you know , it 's a little garbagey . female D person so it have to be cast right . male D person if Cathy do not like it , we know it 's a smash . cathy ( stung ) hey . it 's not like I do not recommend it . she surreptitiously change she " recommend " as Matt enter . she look up . cathy how would it go ? matt I do not get it . he do say something about want I back . cathy good . his saver be he mean what he say . matt yeah , I just want to say thanks . she nod and start to turn back towards she office . matt ... and I want to ask you out . the other people in the office stare at Matt . cathy ( turn ) for when ? matt any time . cathy I never know when I be free . ( Matt nod ) it sound like I be just ... but it 's true . matt okay . thanks again . I feel funny ask . cathy well , do not please . matt I mean ask you to get I the audition . cathy oh ... well , do not please . he nod and start to go . she look at he . cathy do not be sad . Matt smile in astonishment and exit . male D person who be he ? cathy oh , I be audit this act course and he fill in teach one night . he do a scene himself and he be awesome . for some reason , he can not get arrest . male D person yeah . he do seem to have a layer of loser dust on he . ext . parking lot - day Matt drive he fade , seven - year - old car into view . int . / ext . matte car - early evening he look off ... see something that arrest he interest and pull to the curb . it 's a curious sight . matte Pov burke adler , stand at a street corner , palpably in pain . he 's try to rein in he emotion , suck in huge gulp of air ... and , then , a wave of emotion get the better of he as he look at he watch . a sob escape he -- shocked that he 's so close to tear on a public street corner , he battle for control ... another sob as he look to the heaven . on matt a split second to consider , then he 's out of he car . full shot - the STREET corner a flow of people -- in the foreground , the torture figure of burke adler - - in the background , Matt hobb , pause before intrude . but burke 's spectacle be grow more public , sound of anguish escape he . closer shot - burke burke oh , God ... why ? why ?... ( louder ) what be I go to do ? and now he begin to dissassemble , openly cry - - on the verge of a complete breakdown . Matt move into frame , grab burke , try to provide he with a anchor . close on matt his face -- he eye provide a beacon of strength . matt hey . hey ! hey !! on burke totally fuck - up , wild -ey . as he witness he own state . burke look at I . you would think I be a writer . ( he story of travail pour from he ) I hire this kid as a production assistant . his father 's a business manager ... a few good client . matt what happen ? burke he 's be drive for I two week ... all he have to do be pick I up on time ... he 's twenty minute late and I have a test screen in the valley . everybody 's go from the office . burke flail at himself as Matt look at he . matt be that it ? you need a lift ? burke yeah . matt I be right over here . Matt start to lead he back , then realize he 's alone , burke have see he car finally arrive . matte Pov burke , berate the young driver . Matt pause , awed by the wild gesticulate -- the few scream word ... burke ( o.s. ) ... not just today ... believe I , there 's no way you will ever make it ... you be go to fail . listen , listen -- I know about this ; you be go to be a failure . camera following matt as he join burke and the young man , burke turn to Matt . burke ( to Matt ) let 's get move ; you say you would give I a lift . matt what the hell be you talk about ? not in you car ... I have get my own . burke I will give you a hundred and twenty dollar to take I ... and it will still be a favor . ( to Young man ) get out . come on . ( to Matt ) please . this be very important . the driver get out . young man ( final plea ) a guy get shot on the freeway ... traffic 's tie up . burke you should leave time for that kind of thing . CUT to : int . burke's car matt what do you need I for ? do not you drive ? burke ( a mumble ) yeah , I drive . I do not like to look for parking . ext . golden state freeway - early evening the sun set on a nondescript slab of California . int . burke's car - early evening the two man ... Matt feel very peculiar in this line of work . burke 's tension render he arrest , handsome even . the look of general who go forth against long odd . he take a enormous cleanse breath . it startles Matt . burke ( explain ) yoga shit . I feel like barb wire . I do not know if you keep track , but I be the sixth independent producer ever to have two big picture schedule for Christmas , and tonight we be testing the first one for the first time ... you get it ? matt yeah . it 's important to you . burke ( laugh at the understatement ) yes . I do not think I would have put it that way ... but , yes ... ext . mall - early evening burke 's car move toward the movie complex . burke's Pov we first view of nan mulhanney ; middle - age and pragmatic , yet extraordinarily naive . she 's a scientist of sort -- monitoring the taste and feeling of Americans , first in Washington and now here . though she just have a very rough hour or so , she bend down to smile at burke . int . burke's car burke keep drive . she run the test screening . very smart . very . she have a real case on I , but so far I have be keep it in the bank . he stop talk , stop breathe , as he see . burke's Pov - the test audience the line consist of disparate , disinterested people who be focus on they own small , personal drama - - not at all cognizant of the fact that they hold a life in they hand . they be clearly grow impatient . int . car burke go very slow . music in ... burke steel himself and exit the car . ext . movie theatre - late day nan we be 34 minute late . the studio be appropriately wild ... people be beginning to leave ... but I know how upset you would be if we start without you . burke ( distantly ) yeah . thanks . but he pay she no mind as music continue and he move towards the line . nan approach the car . nan how be he tonight ? matt I do not know he , so I have nothing to compare it to . nan well , how would you say he be , anyway ? matt not quite himself . angle on burke as he approach the line , he begins to sing he love to they , " I will do anything . " as he pour out he misdirect heart to individual on the line who do not hear he . angle on line they impatience give rise to a very slow tap dance , each couple or cluster do it differently -- barely exaggerate the normal shifting of a line ... as burke continue to sing ... the song build as do the dance ... burke sing even more passionately , he d-people perhaps join in as background singers . at a key point , the disparate group turn and form a solid unified line . they begin the rhythmic clap of impatience -- have become a line , they now threaten to become a mob . burke sing one more Joe cocker- like passionate plea before turn to camera to shout over the mayhem : burke let they in . as they enter . int . movie theater - evening nan be address the audience from down front . nan the name of the picture you will be see be ' Ground Zero ' ... there may be some scratch ... some of the color may be off , there be no final title , and it have not be finally mix for sound , and the music be temp , that mean temporary ... as she say this : angle on rear of house where burke spy the studio head and leave Matt 's side . on studio head as burke enter the frame behind he . he be right behind he boss ' ear . he lean in and offer a intimacy . burke I be glad you come yourself instead of send you staff . the boss be startle -- jump . burke eye he ... there must be some way to profit from this steal moment with a powerful man . burke I would not be surprised if tonight 's screen be a monster . ( emphatically ) could happen , right ? studio head sure . burke okay . he move back to Matt and nan at the rear of the audience . burke ( to Matt ) eisner just say he think the screen will be a monster . strangely , burke seem truly buoy by the word of encouragement he himself manufacture . he move down three row and sit in a aisle seat just as the film open with a series of violent explosion . close on nan nan please , God , let tonight give he peace . incredibly , burke turn and gesture to she that the sound of she small voice be interfere with the cacophony of he movie . nan be clearly stricken by she lapse as she whisper to Matt . nan we be short two card - counter , can you two help out ? int . movie theater - 1:47:20 later we be see one of the final moment of the film . int . wholesale butcher be ( the film ) - day as the muscular hero move with stealth through the giant refrigerate meat door . he pass cow and dead man hang from alternate hook . suddenly , he be attack by the villain brandish a electric meat dismember tool . the hero duck , the machine rip apart hang cow flesh . the hero grab the only weapon he can find : a large piece of meat on a large bone , which he use as a mace . he club the other man-- then again -- and again . part of the audience be whooping and applaud . quick shot of nan stand with Matt and Cathy . at the sound of the applause , nan grin and mumble with a connoisseur 's knowledge . nan male , fifteen and under . back to screen where the hero stand over the man whose face he have shattered , hold a club from which hang string of meat . he be breathe heavily , and between breath , state : hero sorry to bust you chop . General audience laughter . series of shot on nan - front of audience nan if you will just stay in you seat a few moment and fill out this card for we ... on aisle Matt and other hand out card with pencil attach ... folk fill they out . as a adolescent male fill it out ; preview card fill the screen as we view live action through it . int . theater manager' office a office mean for two , contain twenty counter . the count be do with eraser rifling stack , create a sound , a musical rhythm , as the group captain call out with gospel cadence . group captain who have young male ? Young woman ? older male ?... older male ?... Matt , he tally finish , squat on the floor , wait . the Group Captain approach . group captain older male ... older male ? Matt look blank . group captain ( again ) older male ... over 25 ? Matt now realize that it be he category and hand over the older male card and exit . int . theater lobby - night burke , prowling the lobby as audience straggler leave and Studio execs and popcorn development staff wait . he look off to see Matt and nan chat in another part of the lobby . on matt and nan as they arrive ... nan look off to see the Group Captain approach . nan how long since you have see you daughter ? matt a little over two year . ( on she look ) my wife insisted on move back to the Midwest -- then I be in the Philippines on the mini-sery and ... nan ( suddenly and loudly ) oh , please . it 's one thing be a son-of - a- bitch , but you do not have to be a stupid son-of - a-bitch . people move heaven and earth to see they kid . I do not care if she move to Pluto , it 's abandonment . matt ( a pause , then ) hey , we just meet . nan ( realize ) oh. sorry . burke make a guess how we do . nan it would not mean anything . burke nothing good that happen can make it worth feel the way I do now . nothing . a older woman approach they . older woman Excuse I . burke who the hell be you ? this be private . old lady I be Mr. eisner 's mother . burke oh. can I get you some water ? old lady no , thank you . the Group Captain approach and hand nan a sheet . full shot everyone , all the studio and popcorn staff , be draw to nan . on nan as she glance at the figure . on nan' left hand as she secretly reach for and hold burke 's hand . be it in sympathy or congratulation ? tight on studio executive face as we see in ever-so-slowed action , tense lip turn gloriously upward to reveal gum -- then a smile . more smile as we pan across tooth ... bond executive and bond tooth . the shot widen . the studio head mumble to himself as he carefully go over the tally in every category . then : studio head I do not need the number . I love it . his smile face take we : nan burke , ninety in the top two box . to burke a tear in he eye - - a smile shyer than other . he turn to the old lady , instinctively use this victory to settle he most recent score as he say mockingly : burke now can I get you some water ? ext . theater - night Cathy and Matt be lean against burke 's car . Cathy be distraught -- temporarily , but horribly , unsure of herself . Matt be look at she . if he have a little more confidence go for he right now , he would make he move . but , for now , they be two self - doubter on different trip . cathy I never think it would do this well . there be so many hole ; I tell everybody it be not go to do business . why be I so public with my opinion ? matt you might be right . cathy not with that score . you know , maybe tonight 's the night I be lose my entire mind , but be not you in ' platoon ? ' matt incredible . I be only there for a minute in the rape scene , move past Charlie sheen when I leave the hut ... I have a great scene cut out ... I be ... cathy but there be that one long close up -- where you seem ashamed of yourself but still arrogant . matt that 's exactly what I be go for . cathy it remind I of my last boyfriend . ( indicate book bag ) get to go . she heft the bag -- put it back down -- cross she eye , burlesque the weight of the bag . he help she put it on she shoulder . matt you have to read all that ? cathy Beast of burden . matt ( sincerely ) so what be you , totally wonderful or what ? she smile and be go , staggering a bit under the weight of she script . Matt look after she . burke and nan approach . burke how come you have not say anything ? this be great , right ? nan no . burke what no ? nan the definite recommend be way off for a score this high and , even for action - adventure , it 's just too low for woman . ( burke look anguish ) I be sorry . he lean against the car for support . burke it be such a good score . nan ( extraordinarily sympathetic ) I know ... and , unfortunately , yesterday 's tracking be not ... ( he react ) I be sorry ... they just do not seem in the mood for action - adventure right ... ( he react ) sorry ... May I tell you one more thing ? ( he look up in anticipatory fear ) I think it 's so wonderful that you do not worry about even try to act strong . burke thanks . you want to eat something sometime ? nan I be , uh ... I be blush from head to foot . burke good . I will call you . as burke move to he car . he sees the Group Captain pay Matt . group captain thirty -two , thirty - three . burke be look at Matt with some surprise . burke you want to do this regularly for I ? I be gonna offer , but I think it would humiliate you . matt ( straight at he ) I do not mind a occasional odd job . but I can not work tomorrow . I have to get my kid . as they get in the car , burke have the front door open , about to get in -- reconsider , and get in the rear door . burke okay , I get the card to look at -- I think I will ride back here . ( to nan ) maybe I will drop by you place tomorrow . Matt get behind the wheel , thereby end the day as a full - fledge chauffeur . they drive off . ext . corridor - day burke and nan return from lunch . nan so , thanks for lunch . I hope this lead to a evening date . though I have to stay home with my daughter , Leslie , on Saturday . burke ( sincerely ) yeah , okay . you be very interesting to talk to . I swear to god. honest . no kid . you really be . nan I believe you . ( sincerely ) and I be very surprised what you be like when you be not work . there be absolutely no difference . you want to see where we do the tracking ? burke ( excited ) be it okay ? int . tracking room - day the enter the room contain a maze of telephone cubby with worker man the phone . nan nobody ever want to see how we do the polling , but they be like little starve puppy when the data come in -- run at you , scramble to ... burke hardly hear . he be awed as if by a cathedral . various worker 1 ) how often do you go to the movie ? 2 ) I be go to describe a movie in one sentence and then ask you to rate it on a scale of ... burke ( as the worker continue ) I love this . this be what count and this be where you count it . nan ( soft and true ) that 's the same way I feel . burke you phone all over -- you know what movie they be wait to see , whether you tv spot be work . you know what the country think . worker ... what feeling do you have about cher as a singer , a actress , or potential date ... burke ( again ) ... and it 's accurate . nan within six - point - eight percent . burke and you can not fix it ... right ? nan no ... no ... sometimes just for myself , I can not resist ask America a personal question . burke like ? nan ( simply ) when do you feel more worthless -- morning or afternoon ? burke I gotta get back . they pause by a worker to say goodbye . worker assume Michelle pfeiffer be the woman -- which of this 67 actor would you most like to see she with ... Patrick swayze , keanu reeves , Dustin hoffman , johnny dep , the guy from ' Major dad ' ... nan there 's something I mean to tell you . you may have notice something unusual about I . burke I gotta get back . nan I could never find the right time to ... burke be this urgent ? nan well , maybe not urgent , but immediately significant and necessary to tell . ( a deep breath ) you see , there 's this pill ... burke ' Cause I gotta go . I be listen with a eighth of a ear now . nan so long . he exit as the telephone pollster continue with the list of prospective Michelle pfeiffer male co-star . int . plane Matt , wear earphone , be in the middle of a row of five , intent on what he be watch . matte Pov a recent example of a great actor in a regular movie ... something like brando in " the freshman . " no sound . on matt watch intently . not watch --study ... not study -- fully appreciate . now he see a particularly good moment -- look around joyously for half a beat -- a reflex to share what he see . his neighbor , not quite know what he 's smile at ; he return he attention to the screen . ext . mid - western house - day as Matt 's cab pull up . he open the front gate and walk up to the porch , note a tricycle , stir by old guilt . he knock on the door . a man answer . man be you Matt ? matt uh-huh . man I do not know if we could wait much longer . come on in . he light a cigarette , take three quick drag , then flick it away before walk inside behind Matt . man ( again ) she 's a real nut on smoking anywhere near the kid . int . house - day they enter . a bedroom down a narrow hallway from where they stand . remember " the best year of we live " ... frederic March come home from the war and see he wife just a beat before she see he . here we have a wretch mutant of that moment . Beth , still fierce and attractive , be pack she daughter 's suitcase when she sense he and look up . shake she head with a disapproval which will never die , she walk to he . beth hello -- do you two meet ? matt not really . be she ready ? I have the taxi wait . beth I just have to say goodbye . you have no idea how difficult that be . matt it 's three week . beth it 's not three week . matt yes , it be . beth no , it 's not . several beat -- Beth and the man stare at Matt . matt it be . man he do not know ? beth you be not take she for a visit . you be take she for a while . matt just because you want to go off with he do not mean I ... man you be get the wrong idea . matt I do not think so . no matter how you put this ... man hey , look , I be a United States marshal . I be here because she do not show up yesterday to start serve she time . beth I do not have a choice . you do not have a choice . she turn and start for the other room . matt what do she do ? beth ( turn ) I love , help and support in every possible way a business man who commit the terrible crime of be financially imaginative with a pension fund . she exit . he sit down , stunne in the headlight of he fate . int . apartment - day Matt and the marshal in the foreground as Beth talk to jeannie in the background . we see only glimpsis of they . Beth 's face as she lean towards jeannie from one side of the doorway -- just jeannie 's leg dangle on the other side . beth' voice okay , listen carefully , jeannie . be still . now , what 's the most important thing in life to know ? jeannie no one will ever love I as much as you do . Matt and the marshal exchange a look of mutual horror . beth good . now , concentrate with all you muscle and remember everything I be about to say to you ... the marshal and Matt shift uncomfortably . beth do not talk to stranger . they may be killer . take you vitamin so the poison in the food can not hurt you . what else now ? jeannie' voice teeth . beth' voice right . thank you . brush right after you eat or you gum will start to bleed in you sleep and choke you . the marshal and Matt can stand no more -- they each call to she ... " Beth ... Beth ... Mrs. hobb ... Beth . " she look out and then walk to they . beth what ? I be give jeannie she reminder . matt reminder ?!? you can not say thing like that to a little ... beth no. do not . no . do not dare . do not criticize the way I mother or I think I will start to scream and never st ... marshal Mrs. hobb . beth ( suddenly cheery ) yes . marshal you know , I have be involved with this sort of thing for a long time . beth you be not go to criticize I , be you ? not in front of he -- because all he 's do be send jeannie this long , stupid letter . he do not even realize she can not read . he send letter to someone who can not read . ( laugh ) it 's almost funny . matt I think you would read they to she . beth ( realize ) oh. marshal I be not fault you . you love you daughter and this be a very tough thing to go through . you feel guilty and caring and it all get mix up so that there 's so much important stuff go down that there 's no sure way of deal with it , but the best thing you can do be just make sure you love she . beth typical cop talk . ( on he look ) but I understand what you be try to say . thank you . can I have another minute with she ? she return to the doorway which still only provide we with glimpsis as she sing , " don't talk to stranger . " the camera move down the hallway to introduce jeannie , try to puzzle thing out as she sit amongst a ridiculous number of suitcase . int . sitting room - day as the two female who bear he name approach . Matt do not want a pregnant first moment with jeannie , so he ward off silence with chatter . unfortunately , he can only think of one word . matt hi , hi , hi , hi , hi , hi . jeannie ( laugh mirthlessly ) hello , monster -poop . matt ( to U.S. marshal ) she have she mother 's sense of humor . Beth stop he with a look , then bend down . beth okay , love , mommy 's go to help other who need she for a few year , and you be go with daddy as I explain . ( to marshal and Matt ) we will all have to help with the luggage . ext . beth' house - day - long shot all three adult and jeannie share the burden of the luggage as they move towards the cab . mother and child hug . Matt strike by he child 's plight , he . beth ( turn to Matt ) beginning now , you must give less value to you own happiness and well - be , then hopefully , you will reach the point where you give that no value whatsoever . give she everything . there 's no such thing as spoil a child . man even if you have to steal to do it ? beth you do not really want to mess with I , do you ? man ( simple honesty ) no. matt ( to jeannie ) okay , sweetie . we have to go . jeannie ( to Beth ) I want to go with you . beth can not , pretty -heart . I be sorry . tear fall from jeannie 's eye . jeannie not even a compromise ? beth ( think ) the compromise will be that you do not have to ride in back ; you can ride up front with the driver ... okay ? matt what ? jeannie okay . as Beth buckle jeannie into the front seat , Matt get in the back , alone , feel preposterous . Beth nod to the marshal , who surreptitiously handcuffs she . matt ( to driver ) can we please go ? shot - jeannie the cab pull away . Matt lean towards she as she look back at the recede figure of she mother and grow still . on mother and marshall as she sing he one last line of " don't talk to stranger . " ext . sidewalk area - day Matt check jeannie 's luggage , then take she hand . she let he . he be grateful . matt it 's go to be okay . I be you be dad , you know ? so it will be okay . you and I will make it okay . you ever ride in a plane before ? jeannie ( a sudden gust of anger ) yesssss ! int . plane - day jeannie and Matt in the center two seat of a five seat row . jeannie be coloring in a book which Matt buy she ; he be hold some extra crayon . jeannie do not stare at I . matt sorry . jeannie I want to put on my yellow dress now . matt it 's underneath the plane . we can not get it . and just that quick , jeannie scream . jeannie I want to put on my dress . I want to put on my dress . other passenger turn around . this be pretty raw stuff we be into . temper in all its wildness , music under ... electric guitar beginning to match the energy and naked emotion of the child . matt there 's no way we can get the dress -- it 's impossible . jeannie 's foot start kick in front of she -- the person in that seat turn sharply around . matt do not kick the seat ! jeannie I want the yellow dress . ( a shriek ) give I a compromise . she be cry now . matt as soon as we land . that 's the compromise . more music without warning , jeannie slap herself in the face . all five people in the row ahead turn and say in unison : women in row do not hit she . matt God , I do not hit she - - she hit she . angle on light as everyone start push the cabin attendant call button . this ding magnify until they be part of the music - - as it drive and drive ... Matt take jeannie 's hand and try to restrain she . jeannie noooooo . let go of I . noooo . the yellow dress ... let go ... let go . she break away from he . he move after she . camera moving at breakneck speed , jeannie dash through the plane with she father in pursuit ... flash of disapprove face . the seat belt sign go on . a flight attendant block he path . flight attendant you will have to sit down . jeannie take advantage of Matt 's be stop and move into the toilet , lock the door behind she . matt ( yell ) jeannie , we have to sit down . please . captain voice we will be have some turbulence for the next twenty minute or so . will the cabin attendant please take they seat ? flight attendant sir. matt ( simply and utterly ) I have no idea what to do . a sudden bump and Matt fall . he yell to the lock door . matt jeannie , you okay ? flight attendant go back to you seat . I will get she . as Matt make he way back , the Flight attendant use a hide latch to open the door . Music building -- then calming , the worst be over . Matt make he way back to he seat , shell - shocked . the attendant lean over he . flight attendant she want to be alone . so we be upgrade she . he just nod . full shot down the aisle -- jeannie let a attendant lead she as she peer back at she dad . ext . parking lot - night Matt carry the sleep child like a sack over he shoulder , also manage to hold onto all she luggage . int . matte apartment - night he have propped she on the sofa , a cotton nightgown out . he be unbuttone she dress . she open she eye , the window 's protective bar placing a shadow across her face . she attempt to cover she fear . jeannie this be the wrong jammy . matt okay ... so what do we do ? jeannie mimic he perfectly under she breath . she go to a open suitcase and throw thing on the floor until she find the right jammy . jeannie where do I sleep ? matt I have a sleep bag and bed . which one do you want ? she survey she pitiful choice ; then point to the sleep bag . jeannie that . she get into it . he zip she up -- then she say something remarkably unexpected . jeannie hug . amaze , Matt hug she . a half - beat , then : jeannie ( sharply ) let go . he do -- then stand and look down at she . she look back , mock he stare with one of she own . int . bathroom - day nan uncertainly enter this decidedly masculine bathroom . she be wear a evening gown . the sun stream through the lush foliage outside a wall - size window . music as she open she purse and remove a pillbox ; at one point lightly sing a snatch of lyric concern the conflict of be a single woman and a single mother -- this while totally focus on the pill . insert - pill BOX a major movie shot of this compartmentalize box . each burrow nest clearly label for the pill it contain : vitamin B , vitamin a , oscillococcinum , prozac , calcium , test drug , aspirin , xanax , etc . on nan music continue . she dial a phone number while arching she neck and swallow one pill after another with little swig of water . this process continue , even as she speak into the phone . nan monica - - be Leslie up yet ? good . I do not want you to get worried when you realize I be not there . I be still with that man . I will tell you about it later . but it 's sure nice to have wobbly leg again . look , today 's recycle day for Leslie at school , so give she some empty can ... well , then dump some out for she ! tell she I have to leave real early for work and I will pick she up at school myself to make up for it and we will rent any cassette she want for tonight . thank you ... take good care . she hang up . another snatch of lyric as she bend to brush she tooth with she finger ; prepare herself and open the door to greet she new lover . int . burke's master bedroom - day burke sit on the edge of the bed , fearful . he see she . burke oh , I think you take off in the middle of the night . she move quickly to he . nan no . I just have to call home . be that why you be sad ? burke no. it 's Everett . this kid who use to work for I . he be always crazy to do he own movie . nan ( fear worst ) what happen ? burke ( very down ) his movie not only open to a three million dollar Friday - - it 's get great review . nan be dumbfounded ; still she put a hand on he , actually consol he for he hideous think -- Hollywood lover : he , wrap up with ill thought of other ; she , feel intimate , yet severely compromise . cupid 's work be do . burke ( again ) listen . I be tremendously worried about ' Ground Zero ' because of the bad ' want to see ' you send over . but that 's just I be nervous over nothing , be not it ? nan no . that 's just you correctly assess the situation . so stop be so hard on yourself . he eye she , then : int . matte hallway - night we hear a muffle argument between Matt and jeannie come from inside they apartment . then the door open and Matt , hold jeannie by the hand , move down the hall to the next door and knock . ( note : jeannie be dress in layer of varied clothing -- some of the layer play clothes , some fit for a coronation . she be a pocket contemporary Annie Hall ... she style so much she own it transcend judgement . her hair be unkempt . the door open revealing Lucy , a Hispanic woman in she mid-30s . matt how're you do ? I be from next door . I see you with you kid in the laundry room ... lucy hello. ( see jeannie , turn warmer ) ... who be you ? jeannie be a bit shy . matt say , ' hello , I be you new neighbor now too . ' jeannie say nothing . lucy I be Lucy crisala ... what 's you name ? jeannie say nothing . matt say , ' jeannie . ' the form of the conversation be forge . jeannie not answer anything . Matt bend over to jeannie while he form she answer to Lucy . lucy I have a little girl too . matt say , ' be not that nice ... how old be she ? ' lucy she 's four and a half and I have a little boy who be not yet one year . matt say , ' that 's nice ... I would like to play with they ... my daddy do not know you phone number , so we just decide to ... ' lucy ( interrupt ) what can I do for you ? matt say ' daddy have to go to work tonight and ...' ( catch himself and look directly at Lucy ) I need someone to help I and she on short notice . I have see you around with you kid and hope you know someone in the building or close by . I have get this new job that start now . do you know anyone ? lucy well , I be always here . I could maybe do it myself . matt ( there be a God and a good one at that ) oh , this be so great . let 's work out a full - time schedule and ... lucy wait . jeannie , why do not you come in for a minute and meet ricky and essa . come on , we be make fruit bar . jeannie walk into the apartment past she father . lucy ( again , to Matt ) why do not you leave she for a while and then we talk . matt sort of a test ? lucy we will just see how it work . int . lucy apartment - night play-pen in the middle of the floor ... jeannie stand there stare at essa who be play with she little brother . Matt move to embrace jeannie who crane away from he . he stay with it , whisper in she ear . matt please behave , understand ? I do not know what we will do if this do not work , so behave , sweetheart . behave , behave . as he exit towards he own apartment . dissolve to : int . matte apt . - 20 minute later Matt be extraordinarily anxious . then he hear loud cry and scream from next door . there be a stab of despair . Matt deflate , then resign , exit . int . hallway - night the sound of scream now louder . he walk to Lucy 's door , take a breath and knock . the door open and Lucy stand there look rattle . matt I be sorry I bother you . ( call inside ) jeannie ... lucy could I have she a little bit longer ? my little boy just fall and jeannie be the only one he let hold he . on matt a devil 's weight lift from he shoulder . the slap-happy smile of the just save plaster on he face . matt you little boy fall , so he 's scream . and you want she to stay . Lucy , confuse by he buoyant reaction , nod . lucy okay . Seven dollar a hour ? matt great . thank you . see you later , jeannie . he try to kiss she , but she shun he . Lucy , now have a official status , turn to admonish she . matt no , that 's okay . I be fine with it . I feel fine . ext . movie theater - night burke walk tight little circle near Cathy and the rest of he staff while a few foot away Studio executive stand in a cluster . there be a distant , rhythmic shuffling SOUND . burke walk past Cathy . burke nothing good that happen tonight can make it worth feel the way I do right now . nothing . ( turn to Cathy ) what do you think ? cathy ( nervously take the plunge ) to be honest , I have problem with ' Ground Zero . ' but this ' people get hurt ' one , while it might not be my exact , exact thing , I think will really work for a audience . it 's so over the top , you have a great time . burke so you think it will score big ? cathy yes . int . counting room - night where we discover the source of the SOUND . some twenty card - counter on the floor riffling through stack of card with eraser . Matt and nan stand in the doorway . nan do not worry . my daughter use to throw fit in supermarket when we first move here . it 's all so perfectly normal . plus I know a great psychiatric child 's group . matt that 's what break you heart . jeannie 's problem be that she 's so down on herself . nan well , she 's lucky to have a daddy who care , believe I . matt I do not know if lucky 's the word . I be hope she 's asleep when I get home so I will not have to deal with she ... I be actually afraid of my own kid . nan oh , my . I have have exactly that feel and never say it out loud . see , there be man who talk my language and I be just curse that I be not attract to they because they be so nice they remind I of myself . Matt laugh . in the b.g. , the count be complete . group captain excellent ? girl counter Seven . group captain very goods ? boy counter 14 . group captain fair ? second boy card counter 30 . group captain poor ? second girl card counter just a second ... ( finish count ) 666 . the Group Captain note the figure on a sheet , walk to the doorway and hand it to nan , who be still deep into conversation with Matt . she begin walk back to the theater without look at the sheet in she hand . nan I feel terrible about the way I blow up at you when I first meet you . ( before he can object ) please . full shot - theater area - night burke and other wait as Matt and nan come to a stop some distance away . burke what be they do ? nan I begin take anti-depressant when we move here from Washington . I have some small reaction -- sleep 14 hour , no libido , I gain 17 pound in nine day -- that sort of thing . so they give I pill to deal with the side effect . and then pill to deal with the side effect I be get from that pill . all this besides the stuff the nutritionist be give I . the combination form some sort of potion so that I keep tell the truth . I do not have a choice . that 's why I be so rude to you . matt you doctor say this ? nan oh , yes . he 's excited , but only because he see glory for himself in it ... see , ordinarily I would not say that about my doctor , but I can not help it , it 's the truth . he 's monitoring I for a while longer before write it up for this medical journal ... Cathy have join they . cathy burke 's go crazy wait for the score . nan come . cathy ( to Matt ) how be you , anyway ? Matt shift , figure out he answer . cathy ( a small laugh ) it 's a tough one , huh ? I too . nan look down at the score . nan oh , my . Matt , I would better drive he myself . she start for burke . on burke and other as nan arrive and hand the Studio executive the score , burke look over they shoulder . burke I can fix this ... get some narration write . . . ( turn to director ) you will cut 30 minute . it will come out like butter . director we be only 77 minute now ... burke ( mumble to himself ) ...a 47 - minute movie ... no , that will not work ... female studio exec I have to go . I have a nanny problem . priority , right ? burke thanks for the support . she kiss he cheek and leave . a beat of silence ... burke turn to nan . burke ( again ) can you help ? exactly the moment nan have be wait for ... she do have a valuable observation to offer at this dark moment . nan yes , I can . burke ( hopeful ) go ahead . nan it 's only a movie . as burke look at she from the depth of he pain and see she confidently believe that she have impart something of value , the movie 's marquee light go off give we a : black out : int . matte hallway - night as he carry a enormously resistant jeannie , wear a borrow T-shirt nightie , back towards he apartment ... Matt have jeannie under one arm -- she clothes and shoe in another ... jeannie 's arm be extend towards Lucy , who stand in the open doorway of she apartment . she begin thrashing . giant tear come -- the moment be operatic . jeannie let go . please , Lucy , do not make I go . matt everyone 's tired . you can come back tomorr ... lucy listen to I , jeannie ... jeannie I want to live here with this people . God , let I live here . matt maybe if she stay tonight she ... jeannie I love it here so much that ... now she father 's last word have register on she -- she immediately stop cry , though tear still roll down she cheek . jeannie daddy say I can stay . jeannie wriggle away towards Lucy 's doorway . Lucy take several step toward Matt , who obviously fear the loom exchange . lucy I no think you can give she what please when she act like this ... because then she think ... Matt be very much like a fighter take a great deal of punishment , know he be beat , but be tell by he corner he must make a fight of it . he nod he head repeatedly in agreement ... matt I know ... I know ... now he sniff the air in quick rhythm , hope to draw in some courage and resolve . he move to jeannie . matt you will see Lucy in the morning . we be go home . jeannie no. I be not ! stop ! int . matte apartment - night as they enter and Matt push she into the other room and close the door , place she in there alone . int . bedroom - night jeannie , behind the double glass - panele door of the bedroom . her Pov Matt , upset in a way he have never imagine , as he pop a beer -- put on some headphone for calming music and begin to read a book on child behavior modification . on jeannie feeling the restriction of she punishment , pace and now she begin to wail " this lonely life " . few adult woman have sung with such appropriate passion out of need and loss , aloneness and confusion . the song finish . jeannie sit huddle . dissolve to : ext . rooftop - day this rooftop serve as a outdoor commissary for popcorn picture . there be a few table , snack machine and umbrella . the whole " D " staff be there , include Cathy , have lunch , along with Claire , the casting assistant . in the b.g. , we see Matt , huddle , sit on the roof 's awful green outdoor carpete , feel much the same as jeannie in the previous scene . on matt off in the distance , the popcorn exec contentedly ply they trade . as he overhear they conversation and the word begin to register in all they horror . millie will somebody take a minute to look over my casting list before burke get here ? male D person ( scan list ) this be not so great , millie . millie well , I want to put in people we have a shot at get . male D person ( read from list ) f. Murray abraham , Jeff Daniels , Ed Harris , John lithgow , rip torn , willem dafoe , John malkovich ... for a action lead ? millie could you at least take it one person at a time instead of ... male D person okay . let 's play ' State the obvious ' ... f. Murray abraham have a nose as long as a aspen ski line , Ed Harris be lose he hair , Joe mantegna have never play the lead in a big movie ... willem dafoe 's tooth ... Bob hoskins look fur bear when he take off he shirt ... malkovich ... Matt can take it no more . he hear a loud voice come from he own throat . he wig out . matt I can not stand it anymore . I can not . cathy what 's wrong ? what happen ? matt what , in God 's name , be you do in this job you have ? shot as they all start to answer at once . matt I mean he . what , in God 's name , do you know about casting ? male D person I ? Matt rise and walk towards the male D person . matt yes . what do you know ? about anything ? you do not even know you have a habit of touch you tongue with a finger like you want to lick yourself . ( note : this be he little habit ) yet , you talk like you actually know something ... so I want you to tell I ... ( louder ) ... what you know . male D person I be not go to be draw into this . matt I have be a actor most of my life and this be the first time I have ever hear what the people call the shot sound like when they be casting . so I really want to find out what , if anything , you know because what if nothing you know . female D person I do not think the yell be necessary . matt oh , you could not be more wrong . and I be not talk to you . and I do not like you . male D person how about you just mind you own business ? Matt be very close to he - - he shake he chair . matt you be mind my business . that 's the problem ... so , just tell I , what do you know ? on male D person Matt 's manner be threaten . the male D person look around for some support and find little ... then Matt 's tone change ... it 's reasonable , almost seductive . matt just tell I and I will shut up . male D person ( take the bait ) first of all , I have be go to movie since I be six , for God 's sake ... matt what you know be the size of a schnozz . what you do not know be that this guy ... ( indicate list ) ... be for real ... on cathy she be a ricochet victim of every word Matt say , as he continue to indict the male D person and unknowingly reach she instead . his fury grow and become more complicated , contain a element of mourn . matt ( again ) ... that they can make something happen , and even they do not know what that be till they get in there and play a little ... they can make something happen that you can not even imagine ... and it 's not you fault , this stupidity ... ' cause you be just this scared little prick who get to say he 's make movie , and the only thing they ever teach you be that what you like do not matter . male D person ( frighten ) thanks for understanding . the anger leave Matt . he be deplete . matt but be not it almost good manners for you to feel a little shame ? Cathy rise and begin to exit . matt ( again ) I do not mean you . cathy if you do not , you sure should have . she exit . the D person 's colleague have take advantage of the beat to egg he on . male D person you talk about manners -- be you actually so bitter you do not realize how you act just now ? you be go , pal . but at least know that we can not help that we be make it . matt oh , shit . you win . you get lucky with ' bitter . ' that word just scare I to death . int . stairwell - day a distraught Cathy be walk down as burke bound up . burke you look down . cathy I be . burke thank you . I appreciate the support . cathy I be not down for you . I be down about myself . burke ( not hearing ) oh. what if ' Ground Zero ' do not do well this weekend ? cathy please listen to I . he nod , but she pause , disconcert . burke what ? cathy I just get this feel of see myself talk to you and how this be the most important moment of ... ever . burke ( brusquely ) okay . good . what be it ? cathy I have be watch this company make movie that cost ten of million of dollar and all the while I have know about this wonderful script which we can somehow own and we could make for about $ 14,000,000 ... $ 3,000,000 if you can live without star or a name director . burke be that it ? okay , send I ... cathy I have send you coverage on it nine time . I swear to you , burke , it will work . you have never hear I say that . burke how about last night ? cathy ( a unexpectedly fierce outburst ) I do not know anything about action - adventure !! ( on he look , she gain control ) I have no idea where that come from . hey , I know everyone think I do not have any commercial sense because of what I say at the ' gremlin ' preview and all ... and you think I can not put myself on the line . well , if this picture do not work , fire I . have I kill if it do not get good review . if this do not get a 70 percent definite recommend from woman 49 and under , I promise to be you sex slave until they drop ticket price back to five buck and start enforce the R rating . burke you be sell very excellent . very excellent presentation . cathy you have get to do this . I think this movie can save I . burke ( disgust ) oh , please ... what 's the script ? cathy ' Mr. deed go to town . ' ext . matte apartment - evening as Matt exit he car with beat down body language . int . apartment build - evening as he lead jeannie briskly down the hall from Lucy 's apartment and into he own . jeannie why could not you even look at the way I dress ricky ? matt look , I do not want to talk about it . I just have a real rough day ... so just let it sit there , okay ? jeannie but what be it ? tellll I ... compromise ... you sad ? matt yes. ( through gritt neck cord ) now , I really need to be quiet . jeannie ( eye he , then ) you !! I know what will cheer you up . move very quickly and with great purpose , she slap a tape into a pink child 's cassette player and music begins ... jeannie sing along with the child 's chorus on the tape , " you could be wonderful " , make , with little hand motion , the last thing Matt need , but , in due course , he start to actually make a bit of transitional progress out of he own trouble and into the fact that he daughter be beguile . but , before the mood can fully sweeten , jeannie forget the lyric and begin to verbally assault herself as the tape continue to play ... jeannie I can not even remember the word ... I be stupid . matt no , you be not . you be not stupid and I be not bitter ... and you know why ? because there 's no cure for either one and we have get to believe in some cure for each of we . jeannie I be stupid . I can not even remember the word to some baby song . matt oh , jeannie ... I just can not do this now . the phone ring ... as he go to answer it ... matt ( into phone ) hello ? yes. Cathy ... hey . just a second . his mood have change . it 's a fine sign that Cathy have call he at home . he need only for he child to take pity and listen to he . matt jeannie , please ... be quiet for one second ... this be very important for I . she decide , with some difficulty , to let he continue . matt ( into phone ) so? wow. good for you . congratulation . jeannie mouth the word , " who be it ? " Matt hold up a finger ask she to wait . matt I ? this be great . I will come right over and pick up the script . okay . if you want to . bring it over . goodbye. ( to jeannie ) we might make it yet , kid . ext . matte STREET - evening as Cathy drive past some rough example of street life , and finally find Matt 's building with its grim iron gate security system . Cathy , uncomfortable in this surroundings , park she car , brushes she hair , while , at the same time , put in place a phony cheap - car-radio-sticker over she own expensive system , and get out . int . matte apt . entrance - evening she buzze he apartment and wait . matte voice Cathy ? cathy yes . matte voice I will buzz you in . you have get to be quick and push hard . in the b.g. we hear jeannie loudly implore she father to make the person wait till she 's finish dress . there be the SOUND of the buzzer . Cathy hurl herself at the door a good four time before finally timing it right and gather the necessary strength to spill through . int . matte hallway - evening Cathy stand there overhear the voice from inside . jeannie' voice but why can not I stay just a little while ? matte voice because this be a very special friend of daddy 's and I need privacy ... be fair ... I let you wear that dress . Cathy knock . Matt open the door . matt hi. he step aside so Cathy may enter ... the place be tidy up . he have change he clothes and jeannie be wear a lace dress , fit for a young princess , complete with flower tiara and ballet slipper , with trail blue ribbon at the heel and a velvet cape . matt this be my daughter , Queen Elizabeth . jeannie , this be Cathy . cathy hi ... what a pretty dress . jeannie thank you . that 's nice . on matt happy that jeannie be behave so well . cathy be you go to a party ? jeannie ( wildly hopeful ) be I go to a party , dad ? matt ( quickly ) no . you be go next door . jeannie be crest -fallen ; for a horrible second , it look as if she may start to wail ... Matt move into action with a pep talk . matt remember we compromise ? you be go next door to Lucy 's to play and you will show the kid you dress and I will come get you later and we will go out someplace and I will buy you anything you want for under seventeen dollar ? jeannie I remember . she start for the door , double back , and kiss a surprised Cathy full on the lip ... the gesture be beautifully , even movingly carry off . it be totally false . jeannie ( again to Cathy ) Goodbye . I love you ... cathy ( totally throw ) well , ... thank you . jeannie be on the run ... as she pass she father . matt ( sotto ) thanks . jeannie nod acknowledgment as she fly past . other angle favore Cathy , Matt lean out the doorway until jeannie be safely next door , then re-enter . cathy what a little winner , huh ? matt ( modestly ) oh ...? cathy ( wave script ) this be my favorite project . and it look like we be go ahead with it . matt ( overlap ) ' Mr. deed go to town ? ' oh , it 's a remake ... cathy well , come on , what 's original ? and this be a wonderful rewrite . it 's funnier . matt and there 's a part in it for ... cathy yes ... burke say I can test whoever I want . he be not even surprised when I mention you . so , if you could read this rewrite now and if you like it , we can make a test deal ... ( catch herself ) they can make a test deal ... we can tell they that they can make a test deal . ( in explanation ) I think it 's important for I to steer clear of the business end . matt okay ... which part ? cathy longfellow deed . matt Mr. deed ? cathy who go to town , yes . Matt take this in ... take this miracle in . matt who be we kid ? I be even have trouble get short part -- I be go to say I love it no matter what you have do to it . cathy stop be so creepy honest . I really have a instinct about you for this . I be go home -- call I when you finish read it . ( how quickly status change thing ) or ... come on over . int . burke's bedroom - early evening a post -coital moment though only the man be visible ; burke , who lie on the bed wear a shirt and tie and nothing else . nan lie out of sight on the floor where she be recover from the deep orgasm of she life . burke why not ? if you can test movie and premise and want - to-se , why can not you test screen test ? nan haul herself into view , climb back onto the bed . nan I can not deal with you self - center dribble right now . I have just have the biggest orgasm of my life and I be try to figure out if I be in love with you . burke what ? nan whoops . tell I what make you rush over and pick I up and bring I here at six o'clock . I mean we seem to have ... she close she eye in a characteristic and touch gesture , as the scientist in she struggle to be precise . nan ( again ) ... this unspoken agreement not to talk about why we be together when we be together and I do not think it 's good to let that become a pattern for we . she focus again on burke . prepare for , at last , some verbal intimacy . burke why do I rush to you ? because I feel like I have to ... be with someone and you be close . ( on nan 's reaction ) what 's wrong ? nan you be not at all aware that you have just say something ... ( she eye close ) ... unattractive ? burke look , I be sorry if that come out ... nan I be not look for a apology . burke I be just try to say that one of the thing I be not great at be ... nan let 's not make this about you shortcomings . I be sure you have have enough of that conversation to last you a lifetime . what I be ... burke no , I have not . nan no , you have not what ? burke have a conversation about shortcomings ... nan ( aghast ) no woman have ever tell you that you have a almost barbaric insensitivity ? that you seem to have lapse into some final cynicism , where you actually believe that , not only do everyone think the way you do , but only you have the courage to express it ? that you seem horribly certain everyone else be sort of pretend when they talk about love or seem to care for anything outside they own anus ? no one 's ever say that sort of thing to you ? burke oh , yeah ... but I do not get what you mean by ' shortcomings . ' hey , if you think thing like that , what be you do here ? nan ( indignantly ) I be here for the same reason 86 percent of older woman love ' beauty and the Beast . ' I would like to believe that underneath the creature , there be a sweet , caring guy . burke I sure hope you be wrong . nan break up , shaking she head ruefully . nan I have to pick up Leslie . burke , not have intend humor , be also lighthearted , have somehow avoid a tight spot . ext . cathy' house - night Matt , hold the script , walk the small lane through the tidy lawn to the perfect Silver Lake cottage . we hear music from inside . ( a soundtrack . ) there be a note on the door , which be slightly ajar , read : " come right in if you love it -- ring if you have reservation . " Matt enter . int . cathy' house - night White wall , thick rug , great , great , fantasy garret ; sparse , but cozy . he walk a step , then there be a girlish squeal and a naked Cathy streak the rest of the way to she bedroom from the bathroom . cathy ( call ) I mistime it . ( stick she head out the door ) I want you to catch I fully frontal . she smile broadly ; hurriedly put on something quick and loose to match she buzz . as she walk to he , the phone ring . she ignore it . cathy so you love it . a lot ? a little ? matt give I a second -- all of a sudden , there 's a lot to deal with . she sit on the sofa -- look at he . matt ( again ) it 's terrific . cathy ( pointedly ) do you see why I think you be right ? matt because you be nice and you know I need work . cathy ( lower ) you know this be really happen , so I wish you would not kid around about it . matt sorry , but I think the audition rule be that I have to be serious unless the person in charge be wear a bathrobe and she nipple be stick out ... ( hold finger apart ) ... this much . Cathy peek down she bathrobe . then broadly . cathy there be some mix signal come out of here , be not there ? ( phone ring ; she answer ) hi. work ... I can not write down a number now . call I back . ( to Matt ) the script ? matt it 's really good . I get a little nervous think about the opportunity . cathy I want to hear everything . you want to go page by page ? matt if it 's okay . I kind of work on this thing in a private ... it 's just ... it 's a little better for I if I do not ... cathy ( hurt ) okay . matt okay , let 's do it . it will not kill I . cathy please . I understand . a uncertain beat and then she lean over and kiss he . a sound escape he . they get up and begin walk to the bedroom . matt I swear to God , I do not know which thing I want more , the sex or the conversation afterwards . cathy ( a smile ) what do you mean ? int . cathy' bedroom - night as they enter and move to the bed where Matt start undress . matt I mean I have not be to bed with anyone since jeannie get here ... I have not talk to anyone the way I need to . ( cradling she breast ) I have not see anything this beautiful . I have not feel this good about life . I mean , I have be lonely , Cathy . cathy ( as he enter she ) I will tell you the truth , Matt . I have never feel more like turn my phone off . she twist she body gracefully , sexily towards the phone . matt you can not shut the phone off . I leave this number with jeannie 's sitter . cathy I do not understand what you be worried about . matt I be not worried . but if the phone be off , I would worry . cathy but I get a lot of call . matt oh. cathy I could put the machine on ' monitor , ' but it 's go to be ... I do not know . matt it will be okay . I think the most important thing be to stop talk about the phone . turn it off , monitor , whatever . cathy okay . she twist toward the phone again -- not quite so beautifully . other angle as she hit the " monitor " button , then turn back to he . cathy you look so serious . matt I be so serious . cathy' Pov Matt totally there ... this be major for he , then he do something sensitive ... read she concern over the depth of he need and interest and shrug , indicate he can not help it . on cathy she like he . the couple as they make love ... they union throw off kilter by the phone message which roll in periodically as they thrust and sweat towards intimacy . younger male voice ( broadly ) hi , Cathy ... all my magazine come today ... read the new vanity Fair , they take apart three people we hate ... spy be bad this month ... scorsese do not get the time cover , the plane crash do ... ha , ha , ha ... why be not you at the office ? you know , I be get to the point where I prefer to reach people 's machine ... bye . the love make continue as the call continue . male D person voice Cathy ? be you there ? hello ... be you there ?? I be go to count to ten . one , two , three ... ( then to someone pass he office ) do you go to the screen last night ? what do you think ? that make two bomb in a row for she . ( into phone ) ... four , five , six ... pick up if you be there . I have get major gossip ... major screwup . it could be good for we . Cathy , in the throes of sexual union , feel a bit divide by the offer on the phone ... she shake it off . matt be this the kind of crap you listen to all day ? cathy please , we be make love here . burke's voice ( incredibly depressed ) if the tv show bomb , there 's go to be a dance party on my grave . I do not give a crap . nothing seem to have a point anymore . I be really question everything ... include action -adventure ... do not tell anyone I be down . even destroy the message tape . do not tell anyone I say to destroy the message tape . do not even give hint that there 's something you can not tell they , but you wish you could ... I be lose it . I be lose it . I be lose it . do not tell nobody . do not tell nobody . do not tell nobody . the sound of a hang up ... the couple have more difficulty make love ... on cathy and matt as they look to the phone and react -- still join , then : jeannie' voice ( sobbing ) daddy ... ( berate someone who be with she ) you dial bad ... where be he ? lucy voice ( with jeannie coach b.g. ) Matt , jeannie be very upset because you be not here when you say . and now the big hand be on the eight ... the sound of a hangup ... as Matt spring from the bed . matt I be sorry ... cathy it 's all right . matt ( as he leave ) be there a name for what we just have ? int . burke's car - day Matt drive . burke in back as he anxiety gnaw away . matt this be awkward , my drive you around and testing for you tomorrow . burke not really . matt well , I hope you understand I can not drive you to work tomorrow and then go in and test . it 's just ... burke reluctantly consider , then : burke okay . I be go to come in late anyway . I will get one of the kid to drive I . matt thanks . and , look , if I get the lead in this movie , you will have to go back to sit up front with I . burke laugh -- surprised at be genuinely amused . int . matte apartment - morning Matt , wildly dial a phone -- orange juice in hand , jeannie stand nearby . he shriek one phrase . matt ( into phone ) no sitter !!! thanks . we be leave now . int . make - up room - day Matt be in the final process of be make up , go over he line . Cathy enter . cathy jeannie 's fine . there 's a whole bunch of kid in the building . she 's fascinate . and they be all ready for you . matt how many man be they testing today ? cathy you be the only one . Matt be surprised ... but he be a pro and so immediately make use of this sudden blip in status . matt then tell they I need a little more time . make - up person no , it 's okay , we be do . matt I mean for I . I want to focus a little . cathy sure. ( she hug Matt ) good luck , matt. ( whisper advice ) the thing they be look for most be sexy . and then they be go . with that bit of advice , Matt be totally fuck up . a beat after Cathy leave : hair person you know who she be involved with for a minute or so ? make - up person who ? matt ( quickly ) hey ! on they look ... matt ( again ) you guy have to leave . this be important and I need to be alone right now ... they exit ... Matt thumb through the script ... do a relaxation exercise ... take a breath and think ... a beat and he be reasonably confident ... he walk one half - circle of the room make sure he 's fully pump , then exit . ext . popcorn movie - day as crowded as it be for the previous audition scene , but this time they be read child of varied age , and the kid and they parent be all over the stair , etc . jeannie be fill with wonder and be arrestingly and atypically shy , as she make she way through this world of the young , cling to Cathy 's hand , as the kid sing they version of " make believe " -- the stage parent take one verse . at one point , Cathy 's begin talk to someone , block jeannie 's view . jeannie get out of my way ! cathy do not say it like that !!! jeannie which way should I ? ( polite little girl ) get out of my way . ( almost weep ) get out of my way . ( furious ) get out of my way . all this notice by a casting person with a clipboard . casting person wow . int . popcorn picture hallway - several hour later Matt make he way past the last of the kid straggler . Cathy and jeannie come run up to he . matt it feel great ... everybody ... jeannie let I tell he , let I tell he , let I tell he ... cathy ( highly annoyed ) let he finish ! God ! jeannie I want to tell he . cathy if you wait one minute , I will let you . jeannie turn down she volume , but keep repeat -- incant actually ... " I can not wait to tell he ... I can not wait to tell he ... I can not wait to tell he ... " matt anyway , the girl I do it with , by the way , she 's really good ; the director , the crew ... they all think we nail it . cathy ( loving , sexy ) hey . jeannie ( to Cathy ) now ? Cathy nod and jeannie begin to push Matt into Cathy 's office for privacy . cathy wait till you hear this one . int . cathy' office jeannie sit she father down . this be the first time we have see she joyful . pure glee . jeannie some lady ask I to go in a room and , you know , make believe and say stuff like we be play a game ... the word come so fast that jeannie let loose with a bolt of song , as if take a moment to catch she breath . just a few sung line proclaim happiness . jeannie ( again ) and everybody go ' yea ' and they say they want I to be on television . and the sung phrase . jeannie and give I money and have a teacher there and a person to braid my hair and color my face and give I clothes ... the sung phrase again . on matt stricken . matt you wait here , jeannie . int . cathy' outer office - day several people milling about ... Matt eye Cathy . we still hear jeannie 's muffle sing from the other side of the door . matt ( furious ) I have to talk to you . ext . popcorn picture - day as Matt and Cathy come into frame ... Matt forcefully place she with she back to the wall . she be not one to be push around . cathy do not ! matt what in hell be wrong with you ? you actually think ... cathy I be try to hang in here but everything in I cut off when somebody act this way . matt ( continue right along ) ... that you can have my kid audition for a show without ask I . cathy I do not ... she go for water and by the time she get back , they have offer she the part . blame burke , he be there ... Matt take this in . just a millimeter underneath he fury be professional curiosity . matt what 's the part , anyway ? cathy the white kid in a multi-racial foster home with all this kid of vary age . it 's not a bad show . I sure can not wait to see the test . matt how be they able to test she so fast ? cathy no . they offer it to she off the read . I mean you test . matt oh ... a child actor . just what any kid with problem need to straighten out -- a series of she own ... Cathy have nothing to offer . Matt begin lead she back . we hold on there back and see the chink in Matt 's confidence , hear the tightness in he voice as he ask : matt you will let I know as soon as they see my test ? cathy right away ... you have get my vote . they hold hand . int . matte apt . - night jeannie , a script in she lap , caress it , avoid she father 's gaze . he sit nearby size she up , piss . jeannie I be do it . matt not if I do not let you . that 's the law , the police law . she take this shot hard , but try to pretend otherwise , continue to stare hard at she script to avoid he . jeannie do I have to learn to read to be on television ? matt ( with a real edge ) you be go to have to learn to look at I and listen to I and the longer I have to wait the angrier i'm go to be . jeannie ( look up suddenly ) I be so mad . matt I too . just listen . jeannie I do not ... why ?!? matt because I know about this . I have work with kid actor ... they do not have that much fun . they be inside all day ... they do not get to go to regular school or play with they regular friend like ricky and essa . ( progressively lose it ) and they parent ? you think I be go to be one of that parent , sit in one of that room , where we all go crazy try to jump start we ego with we kid ' sweat , all the time smile at each other like we life be work while we root against everyone else 's little girl ? ( jeannie be totally confuse , until ) no !! no way ! I can not ! jeannie okay . so , no , you be cuckoo anyway . I will not do it . and I do not care because I be be stupid at it anyway . she throw the script down . tear in she eye . matt pick it up , jeannie . she 's so down , she comply -- pick it up and walk it to the trash can . Matt stop she and take the script . matt let 's work on it . int . burke's office - day the staff of popcorn picture be gather in the boss ' office watch Matt 's screentest on projection tv . burke sit next to nan on a sofa -- Cathy sit in front of he -- other in chair or on the floor . one assistant be attempt to " fine tune " the color - - the tint bar graph be on screen slide between + and - as the color change . burke talk sotto to nan . burke so how do you think ' Ground Zero ' will do tonight ? she ignore he , continue to watch the screen . he lean into she . burke how do you think my movie will do tonight ? nan ( testy ) I be not go to talk to you during Matt 's screentest . Cathy turn in she chair and mouth " thank you " to nan . burke ( to himself ) how bad can it be ? we have get to have at least a two million dollar Friday . there 's nothing else out there . cathy ( turn to he ) please . burke I be watch ... on screen a very attractive actress be cry ... Matt very close to she ... burke's voice stop play with that thing . the color bar graph do a quick slide and disappear from the screen leave the actor ' face green . actress ( cry ) c'mon , deed , tell I about the meeting . matt what 's wrong ? actress do not worry about my cry . as a matter of fact , cry turn I on . matt well , in that case , you dog die . there be laughter in the room . the actress smile through she tear -- pat Matt for be wonderful . actress what happen at the meeting ? matt I can not remember . you be too pretty . ( on she look ) oh , I tell they I would keep on be Chairman . ( then explain ) I be Chairman , you know . actress ( smile ) I know . matt told they I would keep on be Chairman if they hire everybody back . actress what do they say ? matt oh , that I be crazy . you always wear you hair back like that ? she kiss he . we hear the director say , " cut. terrific , guy . " the girl and Matt hug , no longer in character , as other come in to congratulate they . int . screening room - day ad-libbed enthusiasm ... mostly about the girl ... on cathy as the conversation about the girl grow more point ... Cathy , impassive outwardly , recoil inwardly . burke okay , come on ... let 's have we creative meeting right here . male D person well , I would sure go to bed with she . burke ( professionally concur ) very fuckable . male casting person I would sure fuck she . burke okay ... that 's she ... what about he ? female D person I think he 's a very good to excellent actor -- I do ... ( puzzle ) but there 's something ... burke you would not want to fuck he ? female D person well , six year ago , maybe . claire I think he 's talented and attractive . burke so you would want to fuck he ? claire he might be light in that area . cathy the man be talented . if you get one of that director who like actor , I think ... burke a director can not make you hot if you be not hot . you will end up with warm which be death . cathy ( defend Matt slightly ) we laugh . burke let I ask you something ... would you fuck he ? cathy ( wearily ) everything do not boil down to ... burke let I stop you before you embarrass yourself . burke rise and address he staff ... the camera have he back in the foreground as it move toward a rendezvous , burke move too as he continue ... burke ( again ) we all can do we little lecture on what thing boil down to . everybody else here be professional enough to come out and say ... I would fuck she ... I would not fuck he ... and you be ducking it ... I want you to forget the act stuff and totally focus on the issue . and now burke and camera meet up -- the effect be that he be talk directly to we as he continue . burke ( again ) we do have some kind of responsibility to the audience ... you just see he screentest ... so , if this be the first time you see the guy , do you come out think to yourself and you girl friend , ' I would sure go to bed with he ; oh God , would he be something . ' would you , Cathy ?... I be be real here . cathy no ... burke okay , so let 's keep look . they file out . Cathy get up several beat later than the other ... and follow they out , avoid nan 's look . int . cathy' office - early evening she 's be sit here for quite a while ... she can postpone no longer ; she dial as one of she movie SOUND track plays in the background . cathy ( into phone ) hello. Matt ... hi ... okay , sure ... she listen , wait for he to quiet jeannie . cathy ( again ) Matt ... ( louder ) Matt ... Matt ... maybe it would be easier if I just say ' hi ' to she ... hi , jeannie ... yes , it 's exciting ... no , no . he 's right , honey , they get somebody to read it to you . now , put you dad on -- it 's important . no , first put you dad on ... damn it ! ( she wait a beat ) ... Matt . uh-huh , a few hour ago ... they all ... everyone like you work , but I think they will go for a name or something . she listen to he . he be hurt . Cathy , though , be also wrestle with she own internal struggle . she have betrayed he and be ashamed ; in a strange way -- terrify . she be , therefore , just a little irritable . cathy ( again ) it 's not a matter of do it differently ... they like what you do , a lot ... they laugh and ... it 's not you ... it 's they . ( suddenly she breath come weird ) no , please . do not thank I . if you feel like get together later or anytime , call I , okay ? you sound like you have you hand full right now ... Goodbye . int . matte apt . - night as he hang up ... jeannie I want to talk to she again ... I ... she stop in mid-sentence , look at she father . he be overcome ... he energy fail to get he past this most awful moment in he life . she move to he side . he start to cry and , urgently seek privacy , he move quickly towards the bathroom , rub jeannie in a instinctive gesture of reassurance . he close the door . on jeannie devoid of anger . Sympathy so pure that it wrench . she start to move towards the bathroom . her voice sweet ... jeannie dad ? daddy ? Matt open the door quickly . matt everything 's okay ... I be sorry I forget to put you back on with Cathy . he walk across the room , jeannie tracking he . jeannie you do not cry because of that ... I do not even want to talk to she . Matt sit down , still suffer a bit of dysfunction , unable to keep up appearance other than a few minor half - heart tweak at he daughter who stand solemn and silent at he side . she pet he some ... this go on for several beat as the strain of " you could be wonderful " accompany the moment . then : jeannie ( a whisper ) dad . can I say just one thing ? with some effort , Matt lift he head and nod permission . jeannie you have get to make I supper . Matt nod , rise and lead she into the small kitchen . int . burke's bedroom - day burke be wear a T-shirt and short as he walk to he four-stop - past-state - of - the-art stairmaster and turn it on while look over he shoulder at the telephone ... now suck in some courage , he go to the phone and speed dial . he begin to climb the stair . voice you have reach the Warner 's hotline . estimate box Office gross for Friday , December 3rd , weekend number 49 , be as follow in million of dollar . he brace himself ... there be a tone , then : phone voice due to the high volume of call , we must ask you to wait till a line be clear ... music in ... at first from the speaker phone ... burke move in time to " there be a lonely ... " and now sing ... as the lyric conclude and the instrumental come in . phone voice ( again ) thanks for wait . weekend 49 gross follow in million of dollar . ' belligerence , ' 714 theater . two - point-one-eight million , down 46 percent . burke smile with pleasure ... he step become lighter , more fanciful . phone voice ( again ) ' best girl , ' 1,820 theater , six - point - four million , up 24 percent . burke ( contemptuously ) cappuccino movie . phone voice open this weekend , ' double dare two , ' 1,870 theater , fourteen - point - three million . ... and now he film , " Ground Zero , " be come up to bat ... as succor to the god , he try to make he dance gleeful in anticipation . phone voice ( again ) ' Ground Zero , ' 2,110 theater , no million , point four thousand dollar . burke fall off he stairmaster and , from he new position , finish he song . int . burke's car - day Matt be drive . burke be seat alongside he , talk without look at he . burke I be go to piece ... ( whisper ) the picture be budget at 21 million and I spend 49 so they be a little mad at I to begin with . now it do not open even with a Arby 's roast beef tie - in ... I mean , we only average 300 dollar a theater ... they be go to think I be Woody Allen . matt I do not think you have to worry about that . burke thanks . but this be private . what about the exit survey ? do we do good with any group at all ? now we hear nan 's voice on the speakerphone which burke have be address all along . nan' voice I can not hear you , but -- hi , Matt - - that be funny . matt hi. nan' voice ' I do not think you have to worry about that ? ' she laugh delightedly . burke lean across Matt 's lap to get closer to the microphone . burke do we do well with any group at all ? nan' voice eleven - year- old boy in the South . he sit stupify . nan' voice ( again ) burke ? burke ? Matt , be he ... burke I will see you later . Goodbye . nan' voice but , hon ... he hit the " end " button . he slump for a second , then : burke I be all alone ... ( pause ) at least there 's that . ext . popcorn picture - day as the car arrive outside popcorn picture , we can see some child actor and they parent arrive at the sound stage next door . matt be you go to need I ? the kid be rehearse and I would like to take a look . burke yeah , sure . I have to stay inside during lunch hour now anyway -- that 's when everybody return my call because they be try to miss I . matt ( amaze ) be that true ? burke ( misinterprete ) yeah . thanks for the support . int . tv studio - day a row of parent stand near they child actor , adjust they -- not unlike handler of racing greyhound . on jeannie see from a distance -- she father behind she . in the foreground , the mass of worker on the stage , it be , in effect , she Pov , even though she be in the extreme background of the shot . we move closer to jeannie and she father - - even a bit behind they . jeannie be scared . matt I bet I know what it look like to you . jeannie what ? matt a giant " find waldo . " despite herself , she smile at the reference , though she tone be a bit sarcastic . jeannie very funny . passing voice five minute , child , then we need you for work on the set . jeannie set ? matt that pretend live room , right over there . jeannie okay . set. bye ... matt ( hold she arm ) wait a second , jeannie . let daddy give you a few tip here . jeannie ( twist away ) nooo . I have get to get to work . she break free , deprive Matt of the sweet and simple moment he want with she . she 's one of the first one on the set , other kid still hugging they parent . as Cathy come up behind Matt , we can hear jeannie who , have so small a trust for she father , need to confirm what he just tell she . jeannie ( faintly ) be this the set ? Matt react . passing voice Parents to room two , please . ( as he go by Matt ) Parents to room two , please . jeannie be watch . passing voice ( again ) we have to clear the set . Matt look he off fiercely . the pass Voice address the friendlier parent . passing voice ( again ) this way , parent . cathy I be glad I find you . matt hi. other area - behind grandstand seat as they walk . cathy you hold up ? what do you do last night after I call ? matt ( as if teasing ) what do you think I do ? I cry like a baby . cathy okay . okay . so you do not want to tell I . be a tough guy . matt now you get it . cathy I feel relieved just see you after all that stuff ... whew ... okay . ( prepare to go ) burke want to ... matt you ever go out with he ? Cathy be as simple and direct as she be embarrassed . cathy yes . matt you sleep with he ? cathy yes . matt do you hate it ? cathy eventually . matt ( reeling a bit ) good Lord . cathy this be the thing that make I nervous about you ... you keep on assume I be nicer than I be . he kiss she . she kiss back . then there be a extraordinarily loud and pierce voice . jeannie dad !! he turn to see jeannie beckone to he from the stage -- the director , stand at she side , join in . he walk to they . angle - stage full of actor the director be talk to jeannie who seem , even from a distance , distraught and lose . she see Matt . jeannie there 's such trouble . director she 's very worried about be able to pretend cry when she have to and she do not get it about memorize . that 's all . jeannie ( aghast ) that 's all ?!? the director beckon Matt to lead she away . he do . jeannie this be not go to be good . matt not with that attitude . she seem stung by this , unusually vulnerable . he change tactic , soften . matt ( again ) it 's just that they ... well , do they tell you what a audience be ? jeannie ( insulted ) I know what a audience be . matt good . now , because there 's a audience , they want you to know all the word you have to say really well . and since you can not read yet ... ( off she fierce look ) ... you be go to have to be patient and try hard . I can help you . she grasp at this unlikely straw . jeannie can you help I to cry ? matt yes. ( on she broad disbelief ) I can . I can help make it okay . trust I . jeannie pause half a beat , then : jeannie I miss my mother bigger than you know . int . matte apt . - day Matt on phone , jeannie stand next to he reach for the phone . matt ( to jeannie ) not yet . do not grab . ( into phone ) thank you . we really appreciate this . hi , Beth . I ... jeannie grab the phone in a flash . jeannie ( softly into phone ) Mom ? no ... nothing ... nothing ... nothing . nothing ... would you talk ? I would just like to listen to you ... wait . let I sit down . jeannie sit herself by the window , protect by a iron grill , and sit listen to she mother . there be about this pose something prescient ; unmistakably , jeannie will look this way again as a young woman cloak in the love of some guy ... but for now it 's she mother , she crazy mother , who blot out dread . Matt be strike by how quiet and ador jeannie look even as he move to give he daughter some privacy . several beat , jeannie notice she dad look at she --switch position , body language indicate that she want to put he out of she mind ... then a think . jeannie dad say he 's go to make I to really cry . matt jeannie , you mom 's not go to understand what you mean . jeannie shush he , resisting with surprising will and strength when he try to get the phone . jeannie ( to Matt ) she understand !!! ( into phone ) he 's be terrible right now . ( faster ; avoid Matt ) I love , love , the coloring book you send I . Goodbye . wait . I love you . let I hang up first . Love you . send I a letter . bye . and a bead T - shirt . bye . she hang up . Matt piss . matt why do not you let I be on you side for a second ? jeannie I can not even understand what you be say now . matt do you know what trust mean ? jeannie not very . matt it mean that even if something be hard to believe , you believe someone you trust because you know he would not say it unless it be true . jeannie I understand . so I do not trust anybody , right ? matt yeah , I think you get the concept . jeannie you do not make sense . I do not understand you . matt I think you do . jeannie react broadly ... indicate what a difficult man she 's stick with . matt just know that ... jeannie okayyyy ! matt ( give up ) you want to help I make a phone call ? she go quickly to the phone and pick it up . matt Seven ... two ... jeannie ( hit number ) who be we call ? matt Cathy . she 's very nice . one ... six ... jeannie ( hard to read ) " very nice ... " one ... int . cathy' house - day as she answer phone . jeannie' voice hi ... ( to Matt ) what now ? matte voice in background tell she , ' how be you ' and then let I ... jeannie' voice how be you ? cathy jeannie ... I can not talk now because ... jeannie wait , my dad want to ... cathy tell he I can not talk ' cause I be on the phone with a director ... jeannie he want to talk to you very much and ... cathy ( sharply ) I can not . I have to hang up . she do . int . matte apt . - night jeannie , truly stung by the hang -up . she take this act of Cathy 's as a insult to herself and she father . Matt do not feel too wonderful about it himself . matt you have to understand that sometimes people be too busy . jeannie so she 's too busy for you ? int . restaurant - night burke and nan eat together on a elevate balcony overlook the main eat area . burke we look like jerk eat here this early . everybody 's go to think we could not get a reservation for the hot hour . nan why do you do this to yourself ? why do you insist on eat dinner in a restaurant where you be bound to see all the people you be afraid of ? burke I be not afraid of they . nan what do you call it when you think that what a group of people think of you can confirm or destroy any decent idea you have of yourself ? burke normal . nan how do little jeannie do today ? burke be not it something that they have you testing the tv show ? nan what I ask be , how do jeannie do ? burke what be you talk about ? nan somebody else . jeannie . how do she do ? burke do not talk to I like this . nan ( really piss ) I want to be treat as if I be really say word to you which you engage and respond to . I like Matt ; I would like to know how he daughter do . so before you take you dance of desperation across the restaurant and I end up feel so sorry for you that I could die , I would like you to answer my question . burke she do okay ... and do not worry about Matt ... if the pilot sell , he kid will be make five thousand a week . so what do you know about ' people get hurt ? ' nan I be tell that they be not go to release it ... burke I know . I know . what the hell be you smile for ? nan forgive I . but tell you about this latest failure of yours -- it please I . I have no idea why . burke I can not be with someone who 's not root for I . nan I think I be . it 's just that root for you be a good deal more complicated than you realize . ( as he rise ) do not go . burke do not worry . I be not that mad . I gotta do this . music in as burke leave the table . this " dance of desperation " be classical . burke himself lift one of the woman in greeting , then , as he put she down . burke ( again ) sorry . I think you be someone else . as he continue to go from table to table . tight on nan as she look down on he , die for he , we hear she sing the song " poor bastard " . finally , not only about burke -- but the other damage soul he seek to dance with . now , nan can take no more . she exit . full shot - burke as he see she go past in the background , he go after she , finally grab she near the maitre D ' station . this , just as two important couple arrive . burke frantically try to cover . burke nan , you know Victor and he wife ... ( he mumble , unable to remember any wife 's name ) and jay and he wife ... ( he mumble ) nan yes . I be sorry I can not talk now . I be very upset about what 's happen to burke , so I just make up my mind I can not be witness to it anymore if I love he and I certainly should not be here if I do not ... so I be just in the process of leave when he stop I and you folk walk in ... I be sure you have have something like this happen to you some time ... some horrible thing in you personal life happen in public . they all nod and ad-lib agreement with she premise to burke 's amazement . nan ( again ) thank you for understanding . ( to burke ) Goodbye . I wish only good thing for you even though I feel I have be really damage by this relationship . she exit , enormously upset . burke , tear between follow she and repair the social damage . but the couple be pay he no mind ; rather they be impressed with nan . as they comment , i.e . couple be not that spectacular ? I have never see anybody that secure ... burke accept the compliment as if mean for he . burke thank you . thank you . we be very close . ext . restaurant - night the strain of " poor bastard " underscore the moment as burke rush into the parking area and grab nan 's hand just as a valet bring she car . nan you do not understand that I be exhaust from hurt . I be through with you . she begin to cry . ordinarily this would be a scene which would be unendurable for burke . however , the lesson of a moment ago be not lose on he . as people get out of car and witness the sobbing nan . burke ( to restaurant patron ) Excuse I , we be work we shit out ... I be sure it happen to you ... you know , private stuff in public . the reaction to he openness be disdain and pass contempt . she drive off , leave burke hurt and alone . " poor bastard " up and out . int . matte apt . - night the lighting soft and sweet . jeannie 's word be tentative as she talk to she father who sit watch intently . jeannie I do not know if I have be bad . I know somebody 's be bad . ( hopefully ) ... maybe it 's you . Matt laugh . jeannie look at he shyly ... he look at she with encouragement . suddenly she be in he arm , hugging he hard , a emotional dam seem to have break . jeannie oh , I love you so much , I love you so much ... I love you so much . Matt hold on -- clearly , deeply move . then he exercise the effort to control he emotion and speak , surprisingly , as a Black woman . matt ( as Black woman ) I hope that make you feel a whole lot better , chile ... ' Cause it sure go a long way to cure what ail I . jeannie I can not believe I ... matt ( as himself , coach ) ... get in this much ... jeannie ... get in this much trouble . . matt right . over a ... jeannie ( guess ) Word ? matt yes . ' I can not believe I get in this much trouble over a word . ' now do you know what she mean when she say that ? jeannie I do not want to talk about it -- just say she stuff so I know mine . matt no . she start to flail a bit . matt it 's you choice ... but I be not help unless you try to understand as well as memorize . it will be fun . come on . I know it 's hard ... jeannie okay . okay ... matt anything to shut I up , huh ? okay , this little girl you be pretend to be ... she can not be with she mommy either , just like you , or she father ... she have to stay in rainbow House which be call that because ... ( jeannie start fidget ) jeannie ... ( she stop ) ... because everyone 's a different color ... so when this little girl call the black lady who take care of all the child this terrible word ... it 's like the worst thing anybody can do ... come here . jeannie ( approach he ) I do not want to do the ' I love you ' again . matt yeah , I might have be work you too hard on that one . she be unable to resist mutter one sarcastic shot . jeannie yeah . why do not you do that with poopie Cathy ? matt ( ignore she ) now , do the director tell you how he want you to do it ? jeannie he say to smile all the time almost and to talk ... uh ... matt faster ? jeannie yes . matt okay . we do not always get good director , so it 's important for we ... jeannie me. you be not in the show . matt I be refer to the family of actor , you little shithead . jeannie do not know quite how to take the name call . music in ... we be head for a rendezvous with a dance as it continue across the CUT to : ext . tv stage - early morning Matt and jeannie walk from the catering truck . they be eat ravenously . music continue ... very joyous . jeannie this be so good ... matt it 's a breakfast burrito . it 's what actor eat when they be work . jeannie ( excited ) really . ext . roof garden - day matt now , let 's work a little more . the most important act you do be when you listen . you be worried about be able to cry when you be suppose to , right ? jeannie yes . so much . matt well , there be really only two way to do it . think of something that make you really sad ... or forget you be you and really forget you be pretend ... jeannie how do I do that one ? Matt read from script . matt ( as a furious Black woman ) ' do not test I , child ! I could eat you for lunch when I be you age and I be a hell of a lot bigger now ! ' jeannie look afraid . matt that 's it ... you just look at I and act right without even think . and there be game you can play to help you with this . get up ... ( she do ) now , be my mirror ... do exactly what I do ... that 's it ... now , at a certain point , I be go to become you mirror , but I be not go to tell you when ... you tell I ... jeannie ( hesitantly ) now ? Matt nod . matt ( enthusiastically ) okay . we be go to make up word . the word be not what matter now . jeannie I be on a roof ... matt you be a great dad . jeannie you be a ... ( then stop ; then smile at he ) this act exercise of Chicago 's Story theater lead into the song , " be my mirror . " as the song finish , Matt and jeannie be in the best spirit we have see as a a.d. approach . a.d . they need you . jeannie okay . she take the a.d. 's hand as Matt call . matt you be welcome . do not mention it . int . cathy' office - day Cathy be in mid conversation with millie . Matt enter and boldly say he piece . matt I be a free man . let 's go to you house and break the answer machine . cathy you know , I could get away now . but I have get a big meeting later . we would better take two car . millie , have be at the screen test view , be take aback , look from one to the other . Cathy know what she 's think and be unnerve , feel silently accuse , as she lead Matt out . cathy see you later . thanks again . ext . street - day Cathy 's car follow by Matt in burke 's car . the frame hold both car close as if this be one long car . int . cathy' car - day she seem troubled . then a decision . she dial a number on she mobile phone and pick up the receiver . int . matt / burke's car - day the phone ring . he punch the speaker button . matt I hope it 's you . cathy' voice on speaker hi. Matt wave ... matt ( delighted ) so this be how the big one make out . full shot - the two car almost bumper to bumper ... snuggling . angle - cathy she take a breath and then plunge . int . matt / burke's car - day as he hear one of the more ominous phrase of the motion picture community . cathy' voice Matt , will you take I off the speaker ? he pick up the phone . we intercut between the car . matt what 's the matter ? cathy ( hyper ) I do not know whether I be be a coward for tell you this way or brave for tell you period ... can you hear I ? matt yes . cathy but I better talk fast because this be where my phone always kick out ... when we do you screentest ... can you hear I ? matt yes . cathy well , I sort of fold on you at the end . she pause , silence , then : cathy Matt ? matt you do not like what I do ? cathy I do . truly . but the discussion get sort of dumb . it be a question of sexiness . matt that 's what it come down to ? cathy well , sort of , yes . matt you fold on whether or not I be sexy . you do not think I be sexy ... and you express that to ... cathy well , I will tell you . I certainly must think so pretty much because I feel great about where we be go now ... ext . narrow canyon road - day there be a longish line of car behind Matt and Cathy . int . cathy' car - day cathy be you very mad at I ? matt no . you be just ... aw , damn it , I be . very . yes . Matt manage to pull to the side ... the other car gobble the place behind Cathy , who see this ... and now she watch Matt 's car recede from she view . matte Pov Cathy go out of sight . on matt as he let she go . int . burke's home - early morning he be in bed , wear a bathrobe , watch projection tv . first voice ... number seven at the box office this week - end be ... he switch channel . voice number two ... the two word be Tom Cruise . he switch channel . third voice ... become the first lawyer to be award he own star on Hollywood boule ... he turn off the tv and cross to the phone , allow we to read the back of he bathrobe " rocky balboa . " angle on burke he look at the clock which read " four a.m. " and dial . burke hello , nan . I hope it 's not too late to call . int . nan' kitchen - early morning she have be cry . burke I would like another chance . nan you only think you feel that way because you be on the verge of failure and you be without a core ... burke see . nobody else get I . ( a beat then ) you wanna have a little sex , honey ? nan ( a beat then ) you know I have never hang up on anybody in my life ... because what if the next thing they say solve everything ... but I must end this conversation . nan hang up . burke pick up a pocket electronic notepad from the bedstand and hit the scroll button . insert electronic notebook name and phone number . on burke he scroll past number , consider , find they want , so that , finally , he be scrolling the emptiness of he relationship . now he consider one number and dial . int . matte apartment - early morning the phone ring . he pick it up . matt hello . intercut between the two burke hi , Matt , this be burke . I be sorry to bother you at home , but you know nan ... we be go out a little and I could use another guy 's slant on what 's just happen . matt I do not think I can get into this ... burke why ? do I catch you at a bad time ? matt worse . you catch I at a bad time you cause . burke oh , you mean about the screentest . the whole room think you do good work . matt ( reinventing irony ) thanks . burke yeah , look , I be not go to bother you about my thing . matt yeah . okay , good night . int . burke's apartment - early morning as he hang up . look down and turn off he phone number pocket computer . music recall Prince 's " there be Lonely . " ext . tv studio - late afternoon music segue to recall " I will do anything , " as he drive past the line wait to see rainbow house . ( note : from this point on , there will be a undercurrent of choreography to conclusion ... ) int . make - up room - late afternoon we see jeannie 's face in the mirror , but it be see through something resembling fleece , which we now recognize as the strand of jeannie 's hair be comb out to the side by a expert hair-dresser . jeannie be shifting nervously in the large room where each chair be fill with a child of a different age and color . in the b.g. , we can hear the voice of the warm - up man . warm -up man ... pilot for a new show call ' rainbow House ' . just listen to we band and I will be back to tell you more and make you love I ... the audience laugh thinly . the band plays as someone close the door to the make - up room muffle the offstage sound ... there be a good deal of tension in the brightly light room . jeannie sit between a fourteen -year-old hispanic boy and a four - year -old asian girl . the room be abuzz ... kid run line and loudly talk ... this build to a musical life as in we first audition scene ... there be a briefly sung phrase ( jeannie not take part ) . int . GREEN room - late afternoon the parent , in the same variety of skin color as the child actor , be stuff into a small room be patronize by the assistant director . Matt be grimly seat in the middle of a long sofa contain stage mother . another sofa be two foot away ; the parent strain at each other . the a.d. be talk grandly but we cannot hear he word because the rainbow Parents be singing a phrase from the same song we hear in the make - up room . Matt do not take part in the sing . the music go under allow we to now hear the a.d. 's word . a.d. ... and when you be in the audience , make sure you laugh and applaud even when it 's somebody else 's kid ... there be appreciative laughter from everyone save Matt , who rise in disgust and cross out of the room . a.d. ( again ) you be not allow near the stage . we only have a few minute ... Matt ignore he and exit . int . backstage area - late afternoon music now emphasizing the tension of the pre - show atmosphere . Matt , move about the area , look for jeannie , spot a cluster of other cast member excitedly await they introduction . jeannie not among they . a a.d. talk with concern to a p.a . a.d . let I know if you see the little white girl . Matt , grow concerned , walk on , then : matte Pov across the stage to the distant make - up room . jeannie , alone in the room , which be so brightly light it create a bizarre effect , as if she be under a surreal spotlight . music reprise jeannie 's sinead O'Connor song , " Lonely life of mine . " on matt stop he impulse to go to she - - he continue to observe . matte Pov jeannie be nervous and uncertain ... she play with the handle of the make - up chair ... turn herself back and forth ... then a very attractive ten -year -old boy enter the scene -- obviously tell she to hustle ... he offer he hand and she take it , instinctively mask all clue that this hand hold be a " first " of great moment in she life . as they move toward the main stage area , jeannie look around , need something ... she dad . matt jeannie . she turn -- see she father and give a small , cursory nod ... he move quickly , draw even with she but still give she a bit of space and a low - key pep talk . matt just remember . you be not even here tonight . there 's only this other little girl that you be pretend to be who life at rainbow House . jeannie ... and who just vomit . Matt break up . even jeannie smile briefly , then she take he aside for privacy . jeannie I just find out that we bow before we even do anything . matt great . jeannie and everybody clap . matt great . jeannie I make up a great bow . you go to look ? matt would not miss it . jeannie I be not go to be able to cry . it 's too hard for I . matt hey , then they will just give you more chance after everyone leave . this do not satisfy she . she roll she eye as she be pull away towards the front of the stage . Matt watch as the 10 - year - old veteran actor lead he little daughter towards she debut . int . backstage - late afternoon - moving shot - burke music , a tension - fill version of " poor bastard . " burke 's stride be never stronger , he posture never worse ; head hunch down into he neck . suddenly , he react as he see : the staff of popcorn picture group together backstage . Cathy walk towards the group hurriedly from one direction as burke approach from the other . see he staff have clearly move burke . burke look at you . you be all here because of what 's on the line for I tonight . have this many people in you corner help more than I would have ever guess . I be just very grateful that I make you come . he start off , but a jubilant Cathy stop he , whisper something . he react with excitement . moving with cathy she see Matt deep in the wing watch the stage . she call to he with some urgency . cathy matt. matt. matt. he turn and she beckon he towards she . with some hesitance , he join she . matt I do not want to miss she introduction . cathy I will talk fast . it 's amazing news . Oliver Stone 's be look for a comedy and ... matt ( distract ) I have get to see my kid . cathy ( she voice break ) ...he 's do my picture . matt hey. good . he start off . cathy part of this involve you . he remember you from ' platoon ' and want to use you in this one . ( he stop ) get you attention , huh ? Matt be terminally disappointed in she last cynical sentence . matt oh , Cathy . look , I be go to watch this . let I talk to you later or tomorrow . thanks for you help . it 's good news . gotta go . from the stage , we hear the voice of the warm - up man . warm - up man' voice first , in she first appearance ever , jeannie hobb ... there be applause . Matt 's miss she intro . matt shit . cathy I be sorry . matt why could not you wait till later ? shit . cathy ( broadly ) I guess it 's because I be just incredibly insensitive to all human need . I would ask you to save I , but I be so far go , I would not want you to waste you time . matt ( after a moment ) huh ? she react , but he walk off , not want to get into it . Cathy , however , have have a tricky nerve strike . she continue , bite off each word . cathy you know , I do not have a kid or a mate or a talent . ( hold up book bag ) I get this . ( she 's quite upset ) and shoot I if I think it 's important . matte Pov Cathy , who look alone and adorable as we hear music of " this lonely life of mine . " he put a comforting hand on she . she speak nakedly from deep within herself ; she eye downcast . cathy you think I be a superficial jerk . ( and then a whisper afterthought ) you can not be right . matt I think you be the best of the bunch . cathy ( broadly ) oh , great . and now she raise she eye -- big , blue and vulnerable . if this look be return , " I love yous " could flow -- they could sink to the floor in a joint epiphany ; but there be no romance or kindling in Matt 's eye . he be in a hurry . pridefully , Cathy turn and walk off in the opposite direction , she flight so instinctive , she forget she book bag . we hold on this -- she exit , then : int . studio floor - burke and matt - 20 minute later stand just behind the four television camera , immediately behind they , the " rail " where the show 's staff and Crew member and Network boss stand crowded , choreograph in the way in which they " clear " for a move camera . behind this people be the studio audience . there be a loud laugh . burke turn around to study the audience . burke's Pov happy face accompany by the strain of burke 's love song to the crowd ... burke ( to Matt ) what do you think ? but Matt do not hear he ... a few foot away , jeannie be make ready for she big moment . Three camera swing in front of they , tv monitor show a master and close - ups of the three character in the scene : a short comic white man , the Black female lead , and jeannie , dress as a poor child . matt ( wide - eye ) wait . this be it . angle - stage jeannie it 's like everyone be pi ... tick off at I because I be not color . the White man jump on the phrase . short white man ( correct she pompously ) the word be black . black lead actress ( correct he with booming voice ) the word be African american . a burst of laughter , whooping and applause from the audience . burke brag in a whisper to Matt . burke I have they bring in two busload of people from black church . angle - stage as they play out the scene . black lead actress ( scolding jeannie ) now you use it in a sentence . jeannie look at I , I ... on jeannie and jeannie begin to falter ... she must somehow cry at this moment ... she look outward for help . jeannie' Pov she look at the lead actress give jeannie all she can . back to jeannie jeannie still can not cry . she look past the camera . jeannie' Pov her father nervously pull for she . back to jeannie that do not do it either . she look into herself ... she blink -- there be tear run down she cheek . whole audience awwwww . group shot Matt , very much as he be when he watch brando on the plane ... and then some . burke , craning to make sure the network boss be suitably transport . back to jeannie' scene black lead actress go ahead . use it in a sentence . jeannie ( cry fully ) look at I . I love a African american . black lead actress look at I . I love a little redneck . the Black lead actress hold out she arm to jeannie , who , tear stream down she face , run towards the arm ... on burke his lip purse tightly in pleasure , then agape in shock . burke's Pov jeannie have run past the lead actress and off the set , go into she father 's arm instead . she jump on he , she leg and arm wrap around he . matt and jeannie matt ( pridefully ) you little stinker ! jeannie you big stinker . matt my little stinker . jeannie my big stinker . the background to this intimacy be enormously alive . the lead actress and the character actor laugh out loud . in the b.g. , we see the audience fill out preview card as the floor manager lean in to say : floor manager it 's okay , jeannie . take a minute . we just need to get that hug at the end . matt ( to floor manager ) amazing , right ? floor manager ( to jeannie ) you be great . jeannie thank you . that 's nice . matt you look happy . jeannie I love it , daddy . Matt start to walk she back to the set . matt you want I to put you down ? her answer surprise he . jeannie no . this be okay . matt okay ... now , you be not finish until you hug the lady just like you do I . he put she down . she turn from he to go back to work but , on impulse , he restrain she . he be kneel down , hold she lightly by the arm , she back to he as he state a ultimate truth : matt I be very proud of you . I love you more than anybody . jeannie , shocked by she father 's unprecedented sentiment , turn to face he and clamp a hand over he mouth so he will add no more lush and primal affection . have silence he though , she find that she have something of she own to say . she would never tell it to she father , but she can not resist tell it to she act coach . jeannie when I have to cry , I think of you bury in the ground . matt ( a beat , then ) give I a kiss . she do . int . dressing room - night the cast of rainbow House take off they make - up , change clothes , etc . this be more than high energy and excitement -- what 's the opposite of trauma ? all be off the wall with pleasure -- the musical life of the earlier dress room scene return -- peak of glee result in sung phrase as before . jeannie enter and be immediately surround with love , attention and ad-libbed compliment about she work . in this glare of good will , jeannie turn gloriously shy . black lead actress do you have any idea how special you be ? ( on jeannie 's goony reaction ) that look like a ' yes . ' you have get to get dress for the party . jeannie ( overwhelm ) there 's more ? ( then ) what will I wear ? black lead actress go to wardrobe ; they will give you anything you want . on jeannie she move to she dress table -- sit , look in the mirror and giggle uncontrollably . int . backstage area - night Matt stand wait for jeannie . nan approach . nan it do not sell . matt this show do not sell ?!? how do you know so fast ? nan it 's the first time they have I do card for a pilot and the demographics be all wrong for after nine o'clock . that 's they only open . jeannie exit the make - up room aglow . she be wear a incredibly stylish outfit and she hair be in a expertly do intricate braid . nan hi. I be nan . I be a good friend of you dad 's . jeannie hello , nan . I be jeannie . do you see it ? nan ( to jeannie ) yes , and you be wonderful . ( aside to Matt ) 89 percent likeability . ( to jeannie ) and know that you be that good mean so much more than the show not go . jeannie what ? nan oh , no. ( to Matt ) I could not help it . jeannie what do she mean ? ( to nan ) what do you mean ? ( to Matt ) what do she mean ? ( to nan ) what do you mean ? matt that they be not go to be do any more of this show right now -- but ... jeannie ( strike ) oh , my God . matt honey ... jeannie and that mean they be not go to have a party ? matt no . they be still have the party . jeannie ( totally relieved ) oh ... really ?... good ... can we stay late ? to which Matt answer : matt honey , we be go to close the place . ext . roof garden - night the door to the roof garden open and jeannie enter -- she dad behind she as she see the party ... the sparkling light , the decoration , the other kid and music ... we open song ... " wow " . on jeannie as she father urge she into the flow . she pass millie , who be dance with the boy who hold jeannie 's hand . millie I cast he so he have to dance with I , but I be sure he would prefer dance with you . boy ( to jeannie ) come on . you know how ? jeannie ( angrily , with disdain ) yesssssss . they begin to dance with the other . music slow in tempo as we indicate time passage and : angle on burke and matt perched on a ledge eyeing the party . burke I be not comfortable with television anyway ... it 's too small ... I be much better at something with size ... I do not do itzy . even this movie of Cathy 's -- it 's small ... medium small . but with Stone it take on a certain volume where I start to feel comfortable . ( out of nowhere ) I hate my life ... ( backtrack ) ... in a way . I have a drink in my office . I be confuse . you be not say anything . be it because you be not listen or because I have not stop talk ? matt this Oliver Stone thing ... do he really want I ? burke yeah . oh , yeah . I forget to say congratu ... matt which part ? burke which one you want ? matt one of the two lead would not be bad . burke no . it 's the crippled factory owner . matt best part in the movie . he get off the ledge and start to move away ... burke move quickly to cut he off . burke wait a second . matt I want to see my kid . burke a second -- look , they be take the cast picture now anyway . there Pov jeannie , work she way to the absolute middle of the cast picture , where she plop on someone 's lap . back to scene burke she do not look anything like the woman I usually go with . and you know what they say , " beauty fade . " what they do not say be that it fade very slowly . matt you do not think I can tell you what to do ? burke no . only I can do that . I want you to tell I what to feel ... ( he begin to use he finger to run down nan 's quality ) look . I trust she . more important , everyone do . you have no idea how impressed people be with she . she 's smart . she 's interesting . you never know what she will say next ... her work be amazing . I like talk to she . you have no idea what to expect next . I respect what she do more than any writer or director -- sincerely -- much more unusual -- much more important . so ? matt good luck . he walk away . burke wave a grateful goodbye and look around the room until he see : burke's Pov - nan across the roof nan eat cake with she hand . she see he . he indicate he would like to dance . she do not move a muscle in response ... still , he walk towards she . she begin to shake she head , " no . " he shift uncomfortably , but keep come until he reach she side . on nan and burke burke dance with I . ( she shake she head ) on a business basis . nan no. ( he turn away , deject ) but I will dance with you because I think it will reassure I that I should have nothing to do with you . burke I will take it . as they dance . nan why be you breathe so heavy ? burke nervous ... look , let 's move we thing in a more regular direction . nan what do you mean ? burke let I think . ( then ) what if we go out this weekend ... ( before she can say " no " ) ... with you kid . several more beat of dance -- as he await she answer . nan ... whose name be ? burke whose name be ... ( then , triumphantly ) Leslie . nan okay . song back -- " wow " ... sung as a chorus ... a slower cadence for the romance as we ... change music and they dance more closely . the song slow for time passage and music change to " be my mirror " as we ... dissolve to : ext . deserted popcorn picture room - one hour later Matt and jeannie -- the last one there . he hold she in he arm , dance . she be asleep . he dance she to a chair with she wrap on it ... shift she around , wrestle to get it on . she wake up and put it on herself . jeannie ( look around satisfied ) last one here . matt well , I tell you . he take she hand and start to lead she towards the stair shed -- then : matt I never get to see you bow . she look up , smile pridefully , to see she father smile back pridefully . jeannie ( as if it 's a great sacrifice ) oh , all right . she bow . it be a bow all she own . fade out : the end