I melt with you screenplay by Glenn porter Story by Glenn porter and Mark pellington white - august 2 , 2010 ext . college campus - graduation ceremony - day 1 title : the past see abstractly : manicure green lawn line with row upon row of fold chair occupy by cap and gown graduate , various viewpoint and perspective , fresh face , bright eye , smile . hope and expectation in bright June sunlight . a PA system issue final echoing word of a impassion commencement speech . voice ..- and every person 's fight with death be over before it begin . what make the struggle worthwhile , therefore , can not lie in the outcome , but in the dignity in which the fight be wage . Voice swallow by a vortex of thunder applause . hover dreamlike image flicker - proud parent , cap launch skyward , body scatter , cluster group , a collage of camera flash . four male graduate - body edge into semi-focus : one taller , one wider , one darker , one narrower . they amble , shuffle and preen . we do not engage they as they come to a top step , arm over shoulder and around waist , until they become one unit , one shape . comrade , chum , bud , mate . best Friends forever . point in various freeze and pose by unseen photographer , they shift and reassemble and blow out in the camera flash . with the final flash of white we see pure white , form into a a huge mound of white powder ... rapid FIRE image underscore the era : body . arm , finger . needle drop on vinyl , music blare , walkman , Ray - ban , razor blade , line high speed , mouth suck alcohol , album of band we love - undertone , X , buzzcock , ramone , English beat from above four male shape huddle around a glass table , a large sheet of paper in the center . CUT from one hand to another hand writing word : promise ... 25 year ... never forget what this feel like ... to forget be to fail ... from below face as shape , bend to the glass , toward we , roll bill in nostril , gleam in eye , fast - slow - fast , focus of vision , intention , desire , animated . we feel all this in we gut . from four corner of the screen , hand reach out to each other , stack on each other in some communal mask or team agreement , descend and block we view until the screen go black title : jonathan , 44 . EST . los angele - day 2 a generic office building in Santa monica int . doctor' office , examination room - day 3 a doctor , handsome , draw , clean shaven , crisp white doctor 's jacket . go through the motion as he treat a wealthy woman ( late 40' ) . she sit on the examination table , texting on she blackberry as she answer Jonathan without look up . he 's bored and so be she - this be simply a formality . jonathan so it 's you hand , nonspecific , but uncomfortable . patient yes . jonathan you need something for the pain . patient I need something for the pain . jonathan yes . Jonathan nod , write out a prescription : oxycontin . she stop texting , take cash out of she bag , lay it bare on the examination table . she take the prescription , leave without say goodbye . Jonathan remove a pill bottle from he jacket , take a pill from it , dry swallow it . his eye look at the money , and then be catch by he medical degree on the wall . it seem to mock he . ext . a public park - carousel - late afternoon 4 establish . end of the ride . Jonathan 's six - year- old son mile ride a carousel horse while Jonathan wait and watch . the Jonathan we meet in the office be manifestly different than here . he be buoyant , illuminate from within by the life - force of he Son . mile climb off the horse , bolt to Jonathan , smile as he run . Jonathan bend to greet mile , lift he , carry he . jonathan first time by yourself ! daddy 's so proud of you . Jonathan turn to leave the carousel area . mile look at he father 's face , touch it as they walk . mile I be not scared . jonathan I know , I could see that . I be so proud of you -- they walk a few step until the hear a woman 's voice call out jane mile ? they look up , see jane , Jonathan 's ex-wife , mile 's mother . she 's with she husband daniel ( 40' ) . Jonathan 's face fall , he glance at he watch , sadly realize visit time be over . as mile squirm free of Jonathan , Jonathan rush this out ... jonathan daddy will see you in two week ... .-- but mile be already out of he grasp , bolt toward he mom . jonathan ( cont ’d ) ( under he breath ) bye mile ... when mile be directly between Jane and Jonathan , he stop , look back , wave at Jonathan , hurry to he mother . Jonathan and Jane make eye contact . ten year of marriage in a few second of silence . mile , he mother and Daniel turn and walk away , mile between they hold they hand . Jonathan 's eye go dead as he watch they leave ... ext . house - chicago ( stock ) - day 5 a large house in a decidedly upscale neighborhood . int . house - bathroom - same 6 bathroom be large . modern . a tv in the connect bedroom blare business news . int . house - shower 7 a man lean against the marble wall , listen , stress . he swear under he breath on certain bit of arcane stock / bond / index information . title : ron , 44 ron 's wife amanda call out from the bedroom . amanda ( 0.s. ) ron ? his transformation from stress to cheery be uncanny . ron hi babe ! she turn the business news down . amanda you okay in there , hon ? ron always . yes my dear , why ? amanda do not want you to miss you flight . ron gettin 's out now . amanda turn the business news back up and the distress return to ron 's face . int . house - kitchen - half hour later ron walk in , overnight bag in hand , see he daughter , carrie ( 16 ) and jody ( 10 ) and carly ( 8 ) . jody / carly / carrie hi daddy . Carly draw , and jody look up from she laptop screen , smile , go back to it . ron my princess . carrie move to he , hug he . carrie promise I we will talk about the new car when you get back ? jody if carrie get a car then what do I get ? amanda carrie -- ron a poke in the eye with a sharp stick . jody ( eye roll ) that 's so dumb . amanda I like you Father 's little say . amanda and ron smile at each other . kiss . 10 carrie I need some money for the weekend . ron reach in he wallet , take out twenty , peel off five for she . wait . she look at he with puppy - dog eye . he give she more . 100 . 200 . 300 . now she hug he . he kiss the child he love . amanda and ron walk to the front door . amanda dust something off he shoulder , straighten he lapel . amanda you take care of we , now you deserve to take care of you . have fun with you friend , ron . they embrace and kiss again in a heartfelt way . EST . boston - day 9 cloudy sky . bean town . int . high school - classroom - same 10 class be over . a public school mix of teens ( approx 13 year - old ) file out . the teacher erase the chalkboard . title : richard , 44 Richard turn toward exite student , yell over the din . richard enjoy you week of freedom , and you will be remind each time you crack open a farewell to arm , I have infringed upon you week of freedom . ( then ) and I be resolutely not sorry . a couple of amused look from the student tell we they like Richard . one kid , javier sit at the back of the class , wait for other to leave . Richard make eye contact with he . richard ( cont ’d ) Dr. J , step into my office . javier stand , walk to the front of the class hold some papers . 11 12 13 time CUT - moment later 11 Richard sit on the edge of he desk , javier sit in the front row . Richard hold javier 's paper . javier but teach , I work my ass off on this . Richard read some of javier 's text , then look at he . richard the problem be , you be not here . I do not see you . you be write but you be ... ( search for the word ) you be hide . Richard hand it back to he . javier look in Richard 's eye , try to absorb the word . richard ( cont 'd ) if you want people to feel anything , you have to be willing to expose yourself . javier be not sure what he mean . richard ( cont ’d ) confess , explore , say thing people be afraid of say . unleash you shit , javier , make the word you weapon . javier stand , Richard slap he five and javier turn to leave . Richard watch he go for a beat . he reach into he pocket , pull out cell phone , dial . and as it ring ... EST . portland - day 12 a loft building downtown . int . loft / apt - portland - same 13 large loft apartment . the person who life here have good taste and money . a man walk into the shot . title : tim , 44 we hear he house phone ring and then : richard 's voice ( on machine ) timothy ? this , my friend , be you friend , Richard . we will be celebrate you birthday on this little holiday , yes ? see ? I do not forget you . I will never forget you . Big sur , sir . you have all the info , just look for the balloon on the gate . Tim smile , but there 's subtle melancholy in it . his doorbell ring , he move to answer it , brighten as he open the door and see lisa ( 30' ) . tim hello , Lisa . lisa hello , Tim they smile at each other . and as Tim close the door ... lisa ( cont 'd ) there he be ! she indicate a cat loung on the floor . tim do what he do best . a minute later Tim stand in the open kitchen area with Lisa . there be a note with instruction and money on the table . there 's also a seal envelope on the table mark '' Lisa 2 . '' tim ( cont 'd ) here 's the money for this week . ( be the seal envelope ) if I be not back by Sunday , this have more money for you . lisa get it . tim sure you do not mind stay here ? lisa this be a palace compare to my hovel . 14 15 tim okay then . I be gonna finish get ready . they say goodbye with a cheek kiss , Lisa head for the door . tim ( cont 'd ) leese ? she stop , turn , look at Tim . he indicate the cat . tim ( cont 'd ) take good care of my guy . lisa as always . Lisa leave . Tim move across the large open space of he loft to he bed , pick up a old wrinkle note , a age sheet of paper cover in write . he study it . we see fragment of write in different hand , four different signature . we recognize it from the open . Tim carefully roll up the sheet of paper , and walk out of the shot . black screen day 1 ext . aerial shot - cliff of big sur - late afternoon 14 we glide over the sea toward the coast , to a house sit on the precipice . a song begin , faintly at first , grow louder as we move in . a lone figure stand on the edge of the back deck of the house look out to sea . when we be close enough we see it 's Richard , drink in hand . int . rental car - tim 15 his Pov . slow on highway one as we see four different color balloon tie to a electronic gate . Tim smile as he pull onto the driveway . 16 17 10 . ext . house - front side - driveway - late afternoon 16 his rental pull up next to a classic 80 's porsche targa , he get out of the car , stare at the house . he hear music blast inside . he grab he bag , walk to the front door . int . house - continuous 17 Tim step in . the house be huge , modern , flood with light . window everywhere and they be all open . he walk down the hallway to a enormous live room --- wind billow the curtain . we can almost feel the ocean in here . Tim move to the stereo , music deafen , turn it down . tim hello ? Richard appear . he and Tim stare at each other a moment . Old friend . Big smile . richard first thing he do be turn my fuck music down . a familiarity . Richard move to he , they embrace , happy to see each other . Comfort in the year . Richard release , look at Tim 's face and body . richard ( cont ’d ) you do not age . what 's the secret ? let 's sell it and get rich . Tim smile . Richard gesture to line of coke on the coffee table . richard ( cont ’d ) yes ? for old time ? it 's cold and forsaken here . tim maybe a drink . to start anyway . ( beat ) Love the car by the way . very you . richard I buy it from some guy on the way from the airport . saw the for sale sign and boom , impulse buy . Richard move to the coffee table , bend toward the mirror ... 11 . richard ( cont 'd ) I intend to destroy it within the next five day . -..and sniff a line of coke as Tim watch . tim some thing never change Richard . Richard flash a million dollar smile . for all he bravado , charm be he currency . Richard see something in Tim , some change , a dimming of the light in he eye . richard what be it ? the big four five ? you do not have to worry . they be all the same . the gentle josh bounce off the pain . Richard 's eye be catch by a necklace on Tim 's neck - simple but tasteful pendant with initial . Tim hold it out . tim Jill 's . I have be wear it again . five year ago this month . Richard do not flinch , look right at he friend . richard Jesus . I can not believe it 's be that long . unfuck real . I be so sorry . Tim nod . tim every time I see you , without fail , you say that word , and I always believe you . and you never try to tell I to forget . Richard give Tim a deep hug . he come out of it , relieved at the respite of smile . richard but per usual , I will be the reminder that this week be about forget about all that , just for a moment . like a magician pull a rabbit from a hat , he shove the mirror under Tim 's nose , raise he eyebrow ala belushi in Animal House . Tim can not help but laugh . 18 19 20 21 22 12 . ext . house - back side - deck - later - dusk 18 Tim and Richard sit on the deck . Richard 's iphone beep . he look at it . a text message : when love , love will tear we apart , again . he smile . richard ronaldo 's here . ext . highway one - dusk 19 a taxi slow near the entrance of the gated driveway . int . taxi - same 20 as it roll to a stop . a local drive . ron in back , stare out the taxi window . taxi driver ( in rear view to ron ) here ? he see the four color balloon hover from the electronic gate . laugh . ron yessir . int . house - kitchen - half hour later - night 21 Music play . ron open the refrigerator . it be stock with wine , vodka , beer . and nothing else . he nod with cool approval , turn to the counter , see bottle of scotch , tequila , rum , jagermeister . he grab he laptop - we see a image of he older daughter , carrie on the screen - off the kitchen counter ... int . live room - continuous 22 ron look at Richard and Tim . ron my liver just have a heart attack . richard you need anything else , I 'il get it tomorrow . he hand he laptop to tim. 13 . ron this be she . tim so pretty . she 's all grow up , ron . ron crazy , right ? Tim pass the laptop to Richard . he study she image . richard she get cock yet ? Tim look at Richard , close he eye in disgust . tim I pray for you soul , Richard . ron you can not pray for a soulless man . Richard look at ron , smile . richard let I ask you this ronaldo : when you daughter 's hot 16 year - old friend come over , do you sometimes wonder what it would be like to fuck they in the ass until they be cross -ey ? ron 's reluctance to answer instantly give Richard he open ... richard ( cont ’d ) see ? see ? I tell you ! laughter . ron shut the fuck up and pass I the blow . richard I merely say what other think but fear say . Tim pass ron a CD cover with a mound of cocaine on it and ron do a line . beat . he look at Richard . then Tim . he grab they and they embrace . they release each other and ron look around . 23 24 14 . ron for the first time in the fuck history of internet real estate photography the place look as big in real life as it do online . tim it 's beautiful ron , perfect . ( then ) let 's settle up when you feel like . ron it 's already settle . Richard and Tim 's eye meet . richard the rich be different from you and I , timothy . ext . electronic gate - night 23 finger punch a code on the gate keypad , it hum to life and slowly swing open . a man walk down the driveway in the darkness carry a suitcase and a satchel bag toward the house . ext . house - around the side 24 we see the man emerge from the shadow and into the light : it 's Jonathan . he watch he friend inside the house a beat . he move to the slide glass window . all they have to do be look up . they do not . he slide open the door and he face brighten . tim Jonathan ! Jonathan smile , move inside . the guy greet he . ron the doctor be in ! Jonathan shake he briefcase , we hear the rattling of prescription bottle . jonathan he most certainly be . 25 26 27 15 . richard what and how much ? jonathan enough to treat the illness at hand . now make I a drink while I urinate and get settle . int . jonathan be room - minute later 25 Jonathan place prescription bottle on a dresser - dilaudid , oxycontin , adderall , fentanyl , librium , ketamine . he speak a fragment from the hippocratic oath to himself as he do ... jonathan whatever house I may visit , I will come for the benefit of the sick , remain free of injustice and all mischief ... ext . house - midnight 26 Moon and star in the sky . silence surround this remote house . we hear laughter and music inside . int . house - live room - same 27 music loud . ron , Richard , Jonathan and Tim sit around the large coffee table , talk over the music . a solid bliss - out buzz , perfect mix of alcohol , coke , trust , time and freedom . enough drug to last , no responsibility . chatter be fast , they know each other 's rhythm like a band that 's play together many time . ron .-- no no no , it 's a food aversion . jonathan woman get it during pregnancy . certain food make they sick , even the smell . Richard snort a line off a CD cover , pass it to Jonathan . tim be there any particular food that - richard ( interrupt ) you know what my aversion be ? ( more ) 16 . richard ( cont 'd ) this shit . I see you guy once a year and we be talk about what ? jonathan ( ignore Richard ) it 's random . one theory be that it 's the woman 's system protect the fetus from that which may be harmful to it . Richard sigh loudly with boredom . Jonathan do a line , pass it to Tim . ron so when amanda be pregnant with carrie she start get really nauseate . and guess what it be ? richard oh God , do tell , I be on the edge my fuck seat . ron look at he friend . ron it be I . Richard , Tim and Jonathan look at he , not understanding . ron ( cont 'd ) yeah . my scent . Richard explode with laughter . Tim and Jonathan follow suit . ron shake he head ... ron ( cont 'd ) I have to sleep in another room the first four month of the pregnancy ! or else she have get nauseate ! the guy laugh harder . ron ( cont 'd ) ( faux pain , whiney ) but guy , be reject make I feel small , insecure and unwanted . laughter . a moment of calm , then : richard ( to Jonathan ) how 's the world of dating , doc ? Jonathan shrug . 17 . ron well , as a doctor , you have a advantage . you can knock they out with drug and take what belong to you . tim oh my God . this spark something in Richard . richard tell they Jonathan . tell they what you tell I about the twenty - year - old patient . ron be joke . and now this . Jonathan look at Richard . Tim look at Jonathan like '' you do not . '' jonathan ( a edge ) thanks , Rich . he shake he head , look down at the floor . he look up at he friend with a face full of shame . tim I do not think I can stay here for this . jonathan ( to Tim , heartfelt ) timmy , it be a one time thing , I swear . it 's difficult , but Jonathan open up to he friend . jonathan ( cont ’d ) a year ago , a young patient come in near the end of the day . she be very pretty , to say the least , and it have be awhile for I . ( hard , but he press on ) so ... I use a anesthetic that allow I to ... he trail off . richard tell they what you do , after you send the receptionist home . 18 . jonathan I do thing with she ... I basically lose control ...oh God , when I think back ... it just make I ... Jonathan look down , shake he head , he shoulder shudder ... he can not seem to go on or face he friend ... because ... it 's too terrible . he look up , face distort by the laughter he can no longer contain . Richard howl . ron and Tim know they have be have . and they love it ! hysterical laughter . Jonathan slap Richard five . richard ally oop ! jonathan slam dunk ! ( through laughter ) but I have to say , I be sadden my '' friend '' do not even know what I do for a live . I be a md for Christ sake , not a anesthesiologist ! int . same - live room - hour later 28 talk , do line , drink . Music . tim no , it be that girl , Emily . she be in the house next to we . richard Emily , right , but be not it that guy , Simon tuller ? ron it be not Simon , it be Mike bevan . jonathan it do not matter who it be . unless you want to remind they . tim on Facebook . jonathan yes . Post it . laughter . laughter . laughter . 19 . richard hi Mike ! it 's I , Rich , from college ! remember when Emily Sullivan shit on you chest when you be pass out ? how 's the wife and kid ?! ron do not we use to call it '' dick - face ? '' tim but Emily have good reason , because Mike have non-consensual sex with she a few hour before when she be pass out . jonathan double dick face . ron I fuck Emily . do you guy fuck she ? richard guilty as charge , you honor . jonathan I think she give I crab . tim I fuck she boyfriend , Jeff Snyder . richard that be so fuck great Jonathan ! because I give Emily the crab . so I basically give you the crab . jonathan fuck you . richard and I fuck know I have they when I bang she ! they wait . 20 . ron you know how you get rid of the crab ? it 's a very old american indian remedy . ron ( cont 'd ) you shave one testicle , then , with a good butane torch lighter , you light the other one on fire . then , as the little fucker race away from the burn ball you stab they with a ice pic as they run across the shave one ! laughter . ron mime furiously stabbing he ball . Tim try to change the direction ... tim be it possible to have a conversation that 's a little more serious ? ron / richard no. fuck off . richard that 's what I fuck hate ! we can no longer do and say the thing that make we fuck feel good . jonathan say and do stupid thing make you feel good ? richard you know what I mean . Richard roll a joint and sprinkle coke in it . ron '' cock '' do not make I laugh , but schlong do . richard exactly . when man pass forty they can no longer be honest about what make they laugh . if you be , you be frown upon . 21 . jonathan and if you be a father , you lose cre if you display immaturity . ron Tim , what word make you laugh ? tim ( after he exhales a huge hit of weed ) vulva . jonathan bangkok . richard time do not just age you , it steal you right to laughter , which be fuck happiness . which be a fuck crime . tim Men be afraid . they think all other guy will think less of they if they loosen up , and so they do not . jonathan what be the replacement for happiness ? ron bla bla bla , you guy be so fuck pathetic . Richard stand up ... richard but you be not ron , because you do not need to participate ina conversation that might be illuminate because you be such a powerful man . .-- and leave the room . ron ( call after Richard ) no you fuck , it 's just that I come here to talk about schlong , vulva and bangkok . Jonathan raise the CD cover to he face and snort a line . 22 . jonathan I think I just find the happiness replacement . tim pass the happiness . Tim snort a line . ron check he blackberry . Jonathan watch he . jonathan you should throw that on the fire . ron be about to answer but he 's distract by : richard ( 0.s. ) happy birthday to you ... Richard emerge from the hallway , hold a cake with a twelve inch house candle stick in it at a angle . the other join in as Richard set it down . richard / jonathan / ron happy birthday to you . happy birthday dear timothy , happy birthday to you . Tim stare at it . it 's a Little mermaid birthday cake . ron and Jonathan laugh . richard it be either that or one with a fire truck . Tim smile at that . ron be not you go to blow it out ? Tim look at he friend . absurd as the cake be , he 's touch . tim I guess I can die now . he lean forward , blow the candle out . his friend cheer . Richard move to the stereo , play a song . richard come on motherfucker ! 23. he crank U2 's out of Control so loud the house shake . the guy jump up and dance - they know the word and the beat and the dance become a reckless awesome spastic ceremonial act invoke the past . the music keep pump ... but the camera slow , and slow , and slow , and pull back and back and - 29 ext . house - night 29 the camera pull further back ... away from the house ... high into the air . we hear a voice , objective , observational , anthropological . the voice be it a sham or be it a ritual ? at one time or another , they decide to keep it go . at first , they look forward to it . it be a reminder of hellion day go by , unabash abuse and reign freedom . but , as responsibility grow , it become the excuse , the escape , a chance to become young again , to time travel , to hide and run back to that safe place where all mistake be erase , where the poor choice have not be make yet . it remind they of they original friendship , it be like they could all reach out and feel what it have mean , if only for fleeting moment . it go on this way for year , the ritual , the trip to Jamaica , the year in Vegas , the New York series as it be call . always a excuse to run and remember . the music , the copious drug , the feel of invincibility , it be always the same . the belief they be forever twenty - one and they whole life lay ahead of they , full of promise . title : day 2 30 ext . highway one - late morning 30 a police car approach in the distance . 31 32 33 34 35 24 . int . police car - same 31 the local Police Chief LAURA boyde ( late 30 's ) drive . soulful , warm , observational . Laura 's eye be catch by the four balloon hover on the gate . she look at they with a subtle smile , like she find they charming . ext./ int . house - a series of shot - late morning 32 quiet . the ocean . Sea grass vibrate in the wind . Sun slant into window . CD 's and empty booze bottle and dirty glass all over the live room and kitchen . it 's like nobody be here at all , until we find ... a hand on the round volume button of the stereo . slowly turn it up . we hear the smooth intro of a song introduce this new day as we go wider - on richard letting go of the volume control and just stand there , in a slash of sunlight , half of he on fire from it , a beer in he hand , the song inside of he , and blast out to - ext . back deck —- same 33 where ron and Jonathan sleep on lounge chair wrap in blanket , beyond they only the sea . ron 's eye blink open from the song , bloodshot and bleary . Jonathan listen a beat , then pull a blanket up over he face . int . tim 's room 34 he lay on he back . stare at the ceiling . he know this song , know what it mean to he and he friend . a smile fill he eye . the song continue and take we to ... int . house - same 35 Richard walk across the live room floor and out onto -- 25 . 35a ext . house - deck 35a he say this like a General rallying he troops . richard we no longer possess the supple flesh of twenty - one - year old , and how nightmarishly true we brain 's regenerative skill have become with age . therefore , we only recourse to this sorrowful state we find ourselves in be more booze , treat from the doctor 's bag and the revitalize element of the sea ! and Richard 's voice echoe we into ... 36 ext . beach - noon 36 from behind : four naked man bolt for the water and scream a collective ... guy in unison fuuuuuuuuck !!!! 37 ext . beach - day 37 mayhem emerge , from the sea , oh fuck it 's cold . come up for air . we be there with they . the water be cold , they feel it in they older bone . it 's alive -- they look at each other and the sea and space around they . and it be all fine ... 38 ext . beach - later - day 38 they guy walk through the sand toward the porsche , pass a joint and drink beer , in middle of a eighty music round robin trivia speed quiz . they execute it rapid fire . ron buzzcock . jonathan orgasm addict . 39 26 . richard psychedelic furs. ron President gas. tim Love my Way ron madness . richard / jonathan ( unison ) baggy trousers . richard that be mine ! English beat . jonathan fuck that ! tim twist and crawl . Richard pass the joint to Jonathan . ron depeche mode . richard personal Jesus . jonathan the cure . tim boy do not cry ... killing a arab . jonathan xx. richard johnny hit and run pauline and I win ' cause I have fifteen point . the guy push he and mock he '' I win ' cause I have fifteen point '' in childish voice as we go ... ext . house - late afternoon 39 the wave pound the surf on the beautiful coast . 40 4l 42 43 44 27 . int . house - live room - afternoon 40 ron stare at he laptop . he look stress as he study the business news on he screen . he take a deep drink from he glass to shield he from what he hear . int . richard 's room - same 41 he snort a line of blow and look at himself in the mirror . it 's not that he like what he see or do not like what he see , he be look at himself with pure objectivity . int . jonathan 's room - same 42 Jonathan stand at the dresser in he room with a towel wrap around he , open he doctor 's bag . he remove a couple of shirt , pants , he dopp kit . he feel something in the bottom of the bag , and pull it out : he stethoscope . he look at it strangely , like he 's surprised to see it here . int . hallway - live room 43 Richard walk inside , amp and ready . we move with he - ext . back deck — continuous 44 Richard walk out on the deck , see Tim down on the cliff side near the water 's edge . a minute later Richard be smoking a joint , and he move down to the stair to the edge of the gorgeous promenade cliff area- - he move to he quietly , see that Tim 's eye be close . he lean over he , kiss he forehead . Tim 's eye open , he see Richard 's upside - down face inch from he own . richard ( whisper , mock demonic ) wanna go for a ride ? and as they look at each other 's face we hear the grow whining sound of the - 45 46 47 48 49 50 28 . ext . porsche - racing by - road - later - afternoon 45 speed on a long straight road , engine scream at max rpm . it blast past we and at the very moment it do we go - int . same 46 Richard drive , Tim sit next to he . Music blast . they intermittently sing along ... Tim hold a baggie of coke and a butter knife . he dip the butter knife into the baggy and scoops out a pile and place it under Richard 's nose . Richard sniff it . timmy do a line . Richard accelerate and they smile into the raw freedom of the speed . ext . back deck - same time - afternoon 47 ron . out away from we on the deck . look down . we go in close . he 's stare at he blackberry . the screen have a small graph and text : '' mortgage back security slam fourth day in a row . '' ron close he eye tight . his blackberry ring , give he a jolt . amanda 's smile face caller i.d. appear . he click ignore . he move to the edge of the deck , take a first step on the step lead down to the sea as we go - int . house - kitchen 48 Jonathan . watch as ron descend down the stair and disappear from view . ext . porsche - moving - same time 49 driving fast on the open road , then downshift and slow for a curve . int . porche - same 50 holiday in Cambodia by the Dead kennedy play loud . Tim notice a tiny figurine of a man hang from the rear view mirror by a string . 51 52 53 29 . he look at the side Richard 's face as Richard accelerate into a long straight ... tim ( quietly ) I be go to miss you . Richard do not hear it . the porsche pick up speed . Tim crank the music loud as they bend into the speed , race into the moment , blast into they share past and present . ext . porsche - slowing 51 dune in the distance , the car slow . turn off the paved road onto a dirt road . towards the dune in the distance and the distant sea . they see a abandon graffiti spray building . the car skid to a violent stop . they get out with the music still blaring . Richard take a leak against the wall , and Tim do a line . they simply explore this outpost of desolation , without word and with comfort . they see color and violence and expression . they see themselves . they get back in the speed machine , fishtail down the dirt road , straighten , roar off leave a twist plume of dust behind it . second later the porsche round a corner , go fast faster fastest ... and careen down the sandy road over a big bump and into the air and land with a thud and get stick . int . porche - same 52 Richard and Tim look at each other . and burst out laugh . int . house - a few minute later 53 Jonathan and ron be make blender drink in the kitchen . ron 's blackberry vibrate . he look irritate , then he read it , smile , show it to Jonathan . it 's a text from Richard : help ! 54 30 . as they eye meet we go - ext . the dune - half hour later - late afternoon 54 in the distance we see the porsche at the base of a monumental sand dune . we see two small figure on top of the dune . closer - same Tim and Richard on top of the dune . Tim squat down and grab a fist full of sand , stand . he sift it through he finger intermittently . tim this be the best I have feel all year . be here with you guy . richard yes indeed . tim but I know it 's because I can not feel anything . the drug . richard maybe it 's not . maybe it 's we be together . do not just rule that out . tim that 's why we do this . richard right . tim a question , Rich . be that why we do this ? richard I look forward to it . I want it to happen . it 's kind of a Christmas . or if you be a non - Christian , then it 's like a birthday . and if you be a jehovah 's Witness and you do not celebrate birthdays then it 's like the day you get marry . though less subdued than you might imagine the typical jehovah 's Witness wedding to be . 31 . tim the jehovah 's Witness wedding ... ( remove the butter knife from he pocket , imitate sniff a line off it ) none of this ? richard doubtful . tim but at you wedding ... richard ( absurd to think of it ) my wedding ! tim when 's that ? Richard look at the car . richard we be stick man . Tim look at Richard . pretend he can not see he . tim Richard ? Richard ? Richard smile , know he 's bust . tim ( cont 'd ) be that the ' non-rebuttal rebuttal ? 's richard I do not think that qualify . but it be evasive . tim why do not you have a woman , Rich ? I mean , I know you have woman , but like , the woman . richard why on earth would I need '' the '' woman . why why why why ? tim you know , to tame you . train you . they laugh . 32 . richard I be house train . untame , perhaps , but I do not piss on the carpet . tim it 's okay to let a girl love you . richard ( gesture to himself ) I mean really , who want this ? my mother . she do . but she 's ... he make a gesture like he mother be somewhere in the ether ... a beat . tim you fuck lot of woman , but have you ever love one ? richard I love they all . you can not love they all if you only love one . tim if that 's true that 's interesting . richard let I tell you what I think , timothy . I think when they really see I , do not like what they see . tim you make sure of that . richard ( think , then ) lot 's of guy do . tim because then it 's commitment . richard ( be : the dune ) look where we be . tim the man have mount the dune . richard mount . dune . good strong word . 54a 55 56 33 . tim we be dune . richard I have my friend , timmy . I have my job . ( then ) and I have my dream that I 'il write another book . they be both distract by a honk horn ....... a tow truck . approach fast . ron ride inside with the driver . Jonathan hang off the side like a fireman in a fourth of July parade , cigarette in mouth , sunglass on , long scarf around he neck trail in the wind . in he free hand he hold pitcher of margarita and glass . Tim and Richard look at he from the top of the dune . his grin be insane , beautiful . then look at each other and smile . tow truck Pov : Richard and Tim . two figure against the late afternoon sky ... ext . dune - half hour later 54a the guy find old cardboard and plastic trays and slide and roll and glide down the dune like ecstatic child . abandon and reckless and careen . free . the danger take we to sunset and deep inside they glee . ext . house - evening 55 the house . cocktail hour . beautifully peaceful against the evening sky backdrop . int . house - richard 's room - evening 56 a large vault room , one small mattress . one lamp . Richard lay on one of the bed , drink in hand . a small door near the floor catch he eye ... 57 58 59 34 . int . kitchen - live room - same time 57 Tim watch ron from the kitchen window . ron be on he cell and look panicked and upset . ext . house - deck 58 we be right with ron now . we see the deep stress in he face in the shadow of the flood light . ron ( shocked , quiet ) what ? the s.e.c and a fuck government subpoena ? Jesus Christ . ron listen . say a barely audible '' yeah '' three time and then click off . he roll he neck as if try to twist the stress out . take a swig from the cocktail in he hand . ext . back deck - second later 59 Tim walk out of the slide glass door hold a tray with wedge of lime , tequila shot , salt . tim need a drink ? ron shake he nearly full cocktail , shake he head . take a deep breath . Tim set the tray down on the railing . ron I be good now . sorry for yell ... some incompetency in my office ... Tim nod , sip he shot , catch the panic and fear in ron 's eye for a flash but ron mask it . ron drain he cocktail in one long ferocious pull , take the shot from the tray that Tim offer and knock it back as well . ron ( cont 'd ) that 's more like it . Tim reach into he pocket , hold out a old Polaroid to ron - the four guy in college . tim recognize any one here ? ron 's study it . he burst out laugh but it 's force and weird . 60 61 35 . ron Jesus , who the fuck be that people ? what 's with that hair ? Tim laugh , drain he shot . ron glance back at the photo , lose himself in it for a beat . ron ( cont 'd ) so fuck long ago . ron 's face reveal a flash of sadness as he see he young self . ron ( cont 'd ) I do not recognize that guy . tim I recognize you . a beat , then ... tim ( cont 'd ) do you ever get scared ? ron ( too strong ) why the fuck would I get scared ? Tim bristle . int . richard 's room —- same - night 60 there be a 24x24 painting lay flat on the floor . Richard hover over it on he knee . it 's a child 's painting of a lighthouse near a cliff . it look like the entire ocean be on fire . the title be '' this be the end of the World '' it 's sign by Bobby , 9 1 / 2 . ext . back deck - same 61 ron look at tim. hold this . then ... ron I be not sure what you be ask I . tim I guess I be ask you if you life turn out the way you think it would . 62 36 . ron why ? because you be ask yourself that ? Tim do not answer . ron ( cont 'd ) can not we just have a good time ? that dreamy shit be not for I . not now it 's not . tim okay , very hunter and gatherer of you . ron that 's why I love you , Tim . you be always a little more evolve than I . maybe be part girl can do that for you , help you develop that sensitivity . Tim 's eye be pain . that be below the belt . and ron regret say it . softer now ... ron ( cont 'd ) do you know what I think ? I think I do not want to think , and that 's why I come here . ( sincere ) maybe you come here for another reason ? tim I come here to be with the people who mean something to I . ron there ya go . now , should not we go inside and spend time with they ? and as ron wait for Tim 's response ... int . house - bathroom - same time 62 Dark , save candle throw shadow around the room and flicker in the reflection of the bath water . Jonathan lay in a large bathtub , glass of booze on he belly . Music play softly on a boom box . Richard enter quietly , take in the scene , the music , silently kneel down next to the tub . Jonathan look at he . 37 . richard open you mouth and close you eye . Jonathan do . Richard reach in he pocket , drop a pill on Jonathan 's tongue . richard ( cont ’d ) guess . Jonathan feel the shape of the pill on he tongue . jonathan dilaudid , a morphine derivative . ( beat ) I have a patient who offer I a large sum of money for a prescription . change the landscape of my clientele . she have many friend . Jonathan open he bloodshot eye , look in Richard 's . richard and this become you practice . Rather than the one you imagine you would have . Jonathan be silent , then : jonathan I remember , in college , right after we meet , I remember say , ' you can write about people , and I can save life . 's Richard tap the surface of the water every few second , create ripple on which the candlelight roll and shimmer . jonathan ( cont ’d ) I use to go with my father on house call . one time , when I be eight , my father be in the next room with a man who have bone cancer . I be in the live room with the man 's two daughter and he wife , and the man be scream in pain . ( beat ) they be stare at I like my father be go to save he . I want to tell they what my father tell I before we get there , that he be go to die . ( more ) 63 64 65 38 . jonathan ( cont ’d ) soon the guy stop scream , my father probably shot four hundred milligram of morphine into he . when my father walk out of the room , they look at he like he be some sort of savior . ( then ) and so do I . very slowly Jonathan sink into the water and disappear under the shimmer surface . dissolve through to : title : day 3 ext . monterey wharf - 6:30 am 63 the surface of the ocean . angle on : dock boat , the sun rise in the sky . ext . the sea - half hour later - morning 64 in the distance : a boat slowly rise and fall on a gently roll sea . ext . captain bob 's fishing boat - the bow - two hour late - mid -morning Richard stare out to the sea and dramatically quote from moby Dick while Jonathan and ron watch . richard ' all that most madden and torment , all truth with malice in it ; all that crack the sinew and cake the brain . he look at they . and suddenly go pale . and puke over the edge of the boat . Jonathan and ron look at each other , back at Richard . ron this be such a great idea , Rich ! 66 39 . jonathan yeah , one of the best you have ever have ! ( beat , imitate Richard ) ' hey guy ! how about we go fishing !?’ ron and it 's so outstanding that we be go to be out here alllll day . richard ( weakly ) fuck you guy ... on the MAIN deck - same time Captain Bob sit with Tim on bolt down deck chair . Tim 's fishing rod tick slowly as the line draw out . Tim get out of he chair , look back at the coast , take it in . captain bob Nice be not it ? tim God yes . captain bob lotta boat use sonar to track fish , for a guarantee catch . but I do not . tim we be along for the ride more than anything . Captain Bob look at Richard bent over the edge of the railing . captain bob I can see that . int . cabin - three hour later - mid -day 66 ron sniff a line of coke . ron remove a pill from he pocket , swallow it . Richard dump out more coke from a baggy , look at Jonathan . richard you need some . Jonathan look exhaust . jonathan I need that . he indicate a small bed in the back of the cabin . richard have a lie down ya fookin party pooper . 40 . Jonathan stumble to the bed and lie down . Richard look at ron , indicate the cabin door . richard ( cont ’d ) cover for I . ( as he lean in to snort ) I be a 45 year old man hide drug from a guy name Captain Bob . fuck I . ron I could buy this boat , yet I be hide like a fuck twelve year old . richard be not that the point ? to remain young ? Richard snort loud , straighten up , hold a finger to he nose . ron put he hand to he chest . ron beating like crazy . Richard smile . the devilish one . richard means you be alive . he take a slug of booze from the bottle . ron remember last year , Vegas ? richard last year be Hawaii , the year before be Vegas . ron right , right . Fucking mind be go . 67 68 41 . richard do not think . ext . MAIN deck 67 wave . sea. Jonathan sit near Captain Bob and Tim , who be have a quiet conversation as they lean against the railing of the boat . closer - jonathan he 's look at picture of mile on he phone . he flash through they quickly , we see mile 's life - a baby up to the present . int . cabin - front deck - later - afternoon 68 ron and Richard be outside now , side by side on the small deck at the front of the boat . ron pull a bottle of booze from he jacket , take a drink . richard you know I do not mean that , about you daughter 's friend . or you daughter . ron look at he , a bit surprised . ron wow . goin 's soft on I . Richard smile , absolve . richard just makin 's sure . ron go without say but thanks for say it . beat. ron ( cont 'd ) but ... a tight sixteen year - old ass - they laugh . ron ( cont 'd ) and you be a high school teacher ? richard yes I be . 42. ron you ever tempt ... richard ( dead serious , mean it ) nope. ( then ) how 's amanda ? ron man , sometimes I find it hard to believe I choose so well . I wake up some day and feel she warm body sleep next to I , and I just -- richard you be lucky , ron . ron , despite be high , know this in he bone , nod . ron she do not push I . she do not question I . we respect what we both do , and what we do be define . I know my role ... ( beat , under he breath ) I do not know why I have do the thing that I have do . Richard turn to he . not even sure he just hear that right . ron ( cont 'd ) you look like shit , man . richard so do you . ron fuck you . richard fuck you . they laugh . we hear the dull hum of the boat engine as Captain Bob navigate to another spot . the line chop . ron you still write ? richard I write all the time , ron. ( twisted smile ) ( more ) 69 43. richard ( cont 'd ) I write report card , I write on chalk board , I write to the school board to raise money and I write , ' dear God , hey man , when you get a chance , can you tell I why I have nothing to write about ? 's ( then ) so yes , I write a lot . beat . ron what 's all that gibberish mean ? richard I write , but it 's shit . it 's like I be disconnect from every experience I have ever have . I might as well be write about the mate habit of the hercules beetle in South America during a drought . like I give a shit . ( then ) I be a English teacher now . for now , I be a teacher . ron that who can not do ... Richard start to chop a line of coke ... richard do this . ron stare at he . want to say something . do not know what to say . then he take a long breath , look at Richard . ron I be in deep trouble Richard . deep , over my head drown trouble . Richard stare in ron 's eye , but do not say anything or ask why . ext . MAIN deck - later - late afternoon 69 Tim and Captain Bob be talk . Jonathan be in a deep sleep fifteen foot away from they under a canopy . Captain Bob stand next to a fishing rod , which tick slowly as the line draw out . Tim sit on a deck chair . 44 , captain bob so it 's reunion , huh ? tim we all go to college together . Jonathan and Richard have know each other since grade school . we meet every year , somewhere . captain bob Nice to catch up . wave slap against the hull of the boat . captain bob ( cont ’d ) I leave school when I be fourteen and the sea keep I move , so I never do have any reunion . the one I remember be with my wife after long fishing trip back when I do commercial work . we see a trace of dread on Tim 's face . be this guy go to talk he ear off ? captain bob ( cont ’d ) she die 11 year ago . Cancer . I spend most day just drift out here , try to understand . ( adjust a fishing line ) suddenly I notice so many miserable people argue with each other , husband and wife treat each other like animal . Tim listen , engage , no longer worried about be hold captive . captain bob ( cont ’d ) I stop feel sorry for myself and feel sorry for they . I realize I be lucky to have feel something that look or smell or resemble real love . a lot of folk never taste that . Tim stand , move to the railing , look out at the ocean . tim I taste it . and it make every day ... ( search for the word ) ... annoint . ( more ) 70 71 72 45 . tim ( cont 'd ) nothing matter when we be together , and when we be apart , I feel he like I feel my own breath . Captain Bob look at he , relate Tim 's love for a man to the love he have for he wife , sense how deep it be . captain bob and ? tim johan die five year ago . in a accident . Captain Bob move from the rod to the railing near Tim . they stare out to sea . captain bob you believe in heaven ? Tim eye the wave swirl below he . Tim smile at Captain Bob . tim actually , I do not . and off Captain Bob 's look ... ext . ocean - sunset 70 in the distance , the boat chug home slowly , make its way to shore . ext . wharf dock side - sunset 71 the guy stumble off , sunburn and drugge , not the ordinary tourist see round here . Captain Bob watch they with a mixture of curiosity and sadness as they meander up the dock . int . restaurant - bar - village - night 72 seafood restaurant in town . mix of people . Richard drink at the bar when the hostess , randi ( 20 ) on she name tag , approach . randi do you have the large order to go ? richard how many order to go do you have ? 46 . randi one . richard the fine art of deduction say it 's I . Richard look she over - randi would you like to pay now ? - and see how beautiful she be . richard would you like to come home with my order ? she laugh innocently . she 's pretty when she do . randi I be work . and you should work on you line . richard if I work on my line will you consider my offer ? she smile . randi no. Richard take out he wallet , remove a credit card , hand it over . she leave . the strapping young bartender ( 24 ) glare at Richard . richard that 's a fairly possessive expression on you face . she you girlfriend ? bartender no . richard then why be you look at I like that ? bartender stare at Richard with a contemptuous smile , lean over the bar to get closer . 73 47 . bartender you be pathetic and drunk . and she would never go out with a old man like you . Richard knock back he drink , take a hundred dollar bill out of he wallet and lay it down . richard thank you . the world need more people like you . keep it . bartender be not sure how to respond . Richard spin wobbly off the bar stool , move to the podium near front door . five large bag of food be be bring out . randi have he check ready . a subtle flirtation between they as he sign . randi look like you be feed a army . richard leave with I . walk out without look back . randi you be really high . he sign he credit card slip . grab a business card and write he cell number , address and gate code on it . richard I be in town for three day . I and my friend . we be harmless and fun . if you plan on toss that card instead of call I , wait till I be ten minute away so I do not feel it . I be sensitive that way . he grab he take - away and leave . randi 's eye follow he out the door . int . house - live room - midnight 73 they have move the dining room table into the center of the live room . ton of food remain , music on , mute tv , fire in fireplace . ron fold a lobster tail into the shape of a vagina . Tim stare at a painting on the wall . Richard be very drunk , he sit back in he chair with he eye close . 74 48. Jonathan walk in , chipper , wear a doctor 's coat . he have he stethoscope round he neck . he stand in front of Tim , look in he eye . jonathan you ... you be very , very sick . Jonathan pull a pill from he pocket , hold it above Tim 's mouth . Tim open he mouth and Jonathan drop it in . Jonathan move to ron , listen to he heartbeat with he stethoscope . make a cluck sound with he tongue , look in ron 's eye . jonathan ( cont ’d ) one for the journal . I have never see it before . open wide . he do . Jonathan drop one pill in he mouth , then another . Richard look at Jonathan come to he . Richard open he mouth like Alex when he 's be feed in a clockwork Orange . Richard swallow it and pop he mouth back open . Jonathan drop another . jonathan ( cont ’d ) now , all of you , put the lime in the coconut , and call I in the morning . a beat later Richard 's iphone buzze . he reach take it from the table and look at the screen : we be here . second later there 's a knock knock knock on the door ... int . house - live room - midnight 74 Richard be smile as he answer the door . his smile fade when he see past randi to she friend - four guy in they early 20 's and a sexy girl with pale skin . Jonathan , ron and Tim say hello . randi introduce intellectual ryan , nerdy ethan , effeminate cole , a exotic look girl name raven and jonah '' my boyfriend . '' Richard 's face tighten when randi introduce jonah . randi reach in she purse , pull out a plastic bag with large pink capsule inside , dangle it teasingly before they . randi you guy know what a mx missile be ? 75 49 . Richard , ron , Tim and Jonathan look at each other , play dumb . randi ( cont 'd ) virgin . they all laugh . who 's the virgin now motherfucker ? how soon be now ? kick in loud and take we to ... int . kitchen - night - half hour later 75 Jonathan and ethan . Music in b.g. ethan hold a capsule in one hand and a tiny baggie of shroom in the other . ethan you garden variety mx missile . m as in mushroom and X as in x. Jonathan take the capsule , pop it in he mouth , knock it back with he drink . he hold out he hand , ethan pinch some mushroom out and hand they to he . Jonathan chew and swallow they . ethan ( cont 'd ) it should hit you in half a hour . it 's better when you be sober , with a empty stomach and no other drug . jonathan you sound like a doctor . ethan I be study to be one . Jonathan smile at that , reach into he pocket , pull out some pill , a lot of pill ... hold they out as a offer to ethan . ethan decline . Jonathan knock they back and wash they down with booze . ethan ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , man . you be let you demon out . Jonathan look at ethan , shrug . jonathan I be on vacation . off ethan 's reaction - 76 50 . int . kitchen - forty five minute later 76 ron , randi , Richard , raven and Ryan . Music loud , chop , snort , sip , pour , ice crack , laugh , shot of tequila on glisten lip . we jump in mid-conversation . it 's fast and furious , everyone talk fast , over and around each other , coke fuel . randi ( to ron ) you still have sex with you wife ? ron that 's private , randolf . randi ha ! that mean you do not . ron in fact , I do . richard he do . a lot . ron ( to Richard ) how the fuck would you know ? richard she 's always too tired to fuck I ! laughter . raven ( to Richard ) who do you have sex with ? richard you ? raven you be not my type . ( xe : ron ) he 's more like it . richard this be a test , ronnie . ryan ( to ron ) how do you have sex with the same person over and over year in and year out ? 77 51 . ron versus a bunch of random people over time ? raven ( to ron , sincere ) I fuck love that you say that . randi my parent still play pound hound . I hear they . ron the first time I hear my Mom and dad fuck I think my dad be beat she up . I start scream and cry and kick they bedroom door . laughter . randi how do they explain themselves ? ron my Father know just how soothe my seven year old mind . he get down on one knee , look I in the eye and gently say , ' Son , I be not hurt you mother , I be simply bang she fuck brain out . '' laughter . the chatter and laughter continue as raven lean back and peek in the live room . she see Cole by the fireplace talk with tim. Cole and Tim look up and meet raven 's eye . int . live room - later 77 ethan and Jonathan sit on the sofa . ethan exhales a hit of pot , look at Jonathan like he 's try to remember something , then ... ethan I see what you mean about medical breakthroughs . they be frustrating because you do not know how they apply . tia 52 . jonathan you read a headline that say , there 's a connection between ovarian cancer and juniper berry . and then what ? ( then ) it 's like masturbate with hulk hand on . a beat , then Jonathan eye roll back in he head and grab he face and lean back into the sofa . ethan look at he ... ethan I think you mx missile just launch . and as Jonathan nod from behind he hand and groan ... int . live room - night - half hour later tia Cole and Tim sit on the couch . raven be by herself behind they , sway to the music . Tim and Cole be in the middle of talk ... cole oh my God I would love to live in Austria . raven I just imagine gingerbread house and beer . Tim laugh . tim and baroque architecture and bratvurst . cole ( mimic Tim 's perfect pronunciation ) bratvurst . tim and Beethoven . cole you have to say ' bratvurst 's again . tim ( grin ) most definitely not . 77b 78 53. Cole whip out he iphone , slide close to Tim , take a picture of they together . he show Tim and Tim smile . int . live room - later 77b ode to mister JOHN hughes . a song come on . the guy know it and randi and she friend know it . you know it . everyone love it . a group dance break out , a spontaneous drug-fuele quasi choreograph age barrier - destroy dance , a tribal primal vortex they all get lose inside of . int . richard 's room - night - half hour later 78 Richard burst in with jonah , whip a hardcover book off a dresser : reel around the Fountain , by Richard leclair . jonah you write it ? Richard nod , open it to a random page , read out loud . richard ' death have be install in we home , and my mother have not order it . it be a delivery from Satan for be good or a lesson from God about life , and she hide it deep inside she where I could not see it , because she think it be what my dead father would have want . but over the year the pain slowly ooze out of she hide place like poison , and consume she from within . 's the word sound new and strange to Richard . he and jonah 's eye meet . he hand the book to jonah , who look it over , impressed . jonah be it autobiographical ? richard every first novel be . jonah how would it do ? 79 54 . richard it make the New York Times best - seller list for a couple of week . jonah that be insane ! so when 's the next one ? richard we should get out of here . Richard head for the door . jonah watch he , confuse by he response , then follow . ext . back deck - night - half hour later 79 Jonathan and ethan smoke pot . Music from house in b.g. ethan ..- my dad be the town doctor here . unless someone need a specialist , then they go to San Francisco . and he dad be the town doctor . it be a unspoken thing , that I have go to mo school . I like it , though . be you a md ? Jonathan take a beat before he answer . jonathan a lot of my patient come to I for a certain brand of medical care they otherwise would not have access to . ethan 's look tell Jonathan he do not follow . ethan hit off the joint , wait ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) I provide they with prescription for pain killer , when in fact they really do not need they . ethan , instinctively and without judgement ... ethan that be spiritually filthy . how do you like , look at yourself ? jonathan I get rid of all the mirror . 55 . 80 int . live room - half hour later 80 ron and Ryan be front of the fireplace talk . Ryan hand a CD cover with coke on it to ron . ryan ..- anyway , this rich guy greenberg come to town and he 's building this ugly twenty - five thousand foot mansion right on the ocean in front of my mom 's house . ron snort a line . ryan ( cont ’d ) my mom 's try to stop he legally but he just crush she with he money . the fucker be actually put in a helicopter pad . ron hey , if the guy can live like a king , why the fuck not ? ryan why be total excess equate with live like a king ? why do people need all that shit ? ron ( self -evident ) because the shit be there . Ryan shake he head . ryan that 's crazy . you actually believe that ? ron I do not believe that , I know that . ryan well , you can not know something if it 's a choice . ron be that some college bullshit you learn from you philosophy professor ? this throw Ryan . 81 56 . ryan I be just say , people do not need certain thing , even though they might think they do . ron 's transformation from light to dark be instant . ron ( quiet , vicious ) how the fuck would you have any idea what people need ? ron look in Ryan 's eye , squeeze the glass in he own hand , like he 's try to crush it . he do . blood flow . he do not look down , he keep he eye lock on Ryan 's . ron ( cont 'd ) talk to I when the naivete wear off . ron get up , walk away . Ryan follow with he eye . int . kitchen - night - half hour later 81 Richard , jonah and randi . Richard pour a large glass of vodka . Richard be so drunk now it 's hard for he to stand straight . richard what kind of fiction do you write ? he hold out the bottle to they , refill ? they both decline . jonah I just write storey . thing that mean something to I . richard ah the personal stuff . randi he 's great , really amazing . richard so you submit they , like quarterly and crap like that ? randi and jonah look at each other and smile . jonah my last one run in the New Yorker . 57 . randi we be all so proud . Richard look at jonah , mock impressed . richard ( with a edge ) and there will be another story . and then some heat . then you 'il write the novel . and then fuck what ? jonah be not sure what to make of this . randi look at Richard . then jonah . then Richard again . randi I do not understand . be there something wrong with that ? jonah you publish a book . I have love to be able to do that . richard you remind I of someone . ( drunkenly wave he drink as he speak , it splashes on the floor ) ) you think it 's just ... it 's just go to happen . and it will , it will . but it will not be anything like you dream it would . jonah stare at he . then ... jonah who do I remind you of ? Richard be too drunk to answer , thumb himself in the chest with the hand hold the drink . randi ( strong ) you ? no way . I do not think so . Richard seem confuse by this , it seem to penetrate the inebriation . richard I be like that , all excited about this ! and that ! and it be all gonna be ... so fuck - ing rosy ... so fuck ... 82 58. he trail off ... randi jonah 's not like that , he do not think everything be go to be a certain way . he just love to write . jonah you do not have to speak for I - she lean to he . randi you have all this disillusionment because it 's easier than be honest . and you think he 'il be like you when he 's older because it make you feel better . ( beat ) stay cynical . jonah try to quiet she . jonah randi ... Richard go pale , pain , embarrassed by what he know they see . he look down , mumble softly ... richard I still love to write . ( beat ) I still do . I just ... jonah and randi look at he , and then each other , silently communicate it be time to leave ... int . tim be room - later 82 raven , Cole and Tim be on Tim 's bed , touch , explore each other . all of this be in almost total darkness . cole I be so high . this feel sooooo good . Close on Tim . something happen in he eye . the mood , the room , the vitality of raven and Cole , it 's slip away from he . Cole reach down to unzip Tim 's pants . Tim stop he . 59 . tim I can not . Tim shift , extract himself from they embrace , sit on the edge of the bed . raven sit next to he , naked . her long black hair shine in the dim light , pale skin look ghostly . she stare at Tim , lean in close , gently lick he lip . raven you feel it ? she put he hand between she leg . say this softly . raven ( cont 'd ) you want this ? Tim look away . she gently turn he head towards hers , look he in the eye . she be loving , sexual , free . Tim be uncomfortable as he take in she feature . tim you look like my sister . Jill . raven giggle playfully . raven not into incest ? she say it lightly , she mean nothing at all by it . Tim have to hide how horrible the word make he feel . raven ( cont 'd ) you should ask she to come over so I can judge for myself . I like girl too . Tim start to feel he inside pull out . Cole and raven be too high to see it . Tim close he eye . tim it 's impossible . ( beat ) she 's dead . Three body in the dark . all we hear be the wave outside the window and the din of the distant party . Cole stop move for a beat . then lay he head on Tim 's shoulder , stroke he , comfort he . raven take he hand . cole how do she die ? this be sacred , private . he speak numbly . tim I kill she . her and my boyfriend . I kill they car . five year ago . I live and they die . Cole look like he have stop breathe . druggy and profound , the witchy savant . 60 . Tim 's close eye open , tear fall . in my I be drunk . but raven be cool , she take he face into she hand , stare into he eye , accept it . she know pain and love . raven this life , this earth , be hell , this place we live . this be a state , a stop on the way . true nirvana only happen when we die . they be lucky . death be something to attain . Tim let this pour through he mind and body . Cole hold he , tighter , and fiercer . calm . raven say this with clarity and raven ( cont 'd ) do you see they alive when you close you eye to go to sleep ? Tim relent , open up , let Cole kiss he . raven rub he skin , she feel exactly how it feel to he , and where he need she touch . raven ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) you will see they again . will forgive you . and they raven put she hand on Tim 's beat heart , whisper to he . raven ( cont 'd ) let I be she . Cole hear this , lean into Tim 's ear . cole and I , he . role play . trauma . hand grip hair . Nails dig into flesh . skin be almost pierce with tooth . pleasure and pain . Tim cry silently through it . over and over , barely audible . lip meet in say this 83 84 61 . tim I want to see they , let I see they ... ext . house - dawn 83 the rise over the ocean . randi and she friend get into the car and back out of the driveway . angle on the front window of the house . we see Richard 's draw face stare out with sad bloodshot eye day 4 int . house - jonathan 's room - dawn 84 Jonathan 's eye reflect the wear and tear . he finish dial he cell , drop it , fumble for it , pick it up . jonathan Jane ? jane ( 0.c . ) do you have any idea what time it be , Jonathan ? jonathan it 's ... jane ( 0.c. ) - five thirty in the morning . mile be sleep . jonathan I just miss he and - jane ( 0.c. ) - you know Daniel work late . Daniel stir next to she in bed . jonathan oh right , so he can control the world 's oil market . how do that guy make so much money when the whole the country be break ? Jonathan wince , know he should not have say that . 85 62. jane ( 0.c . ) be you drunk ? jonathan course not . I be high . jane ( 0.c . ) my God Jonathan . you get together with you old friend and you can not even pretend to be grown-ups . jonathan I be pretend you still love I . jane ( 0.c. ) I be hang up . jonathan tell I Jane , how do it go from you loving I to not loving I . tell I again . tell I jane. ( she hang up ) I want to hear it again . Jonathan look at he cell phone , let it drop to the floor . he pick a random prescription bottle from the many on he bedside table , open it , take a pill out and dry swallow it . he glance at the label afterward : ketamine . jonathan ( cont ’d ) good choice , doctor . int . house - kitchen - dawn 85 Richard enter the live room and see Tim stand there walk down the hallway with a vacuum cleaner . stands there , still . tim I be go to go on a clean frenzy . he turn it on and begin to vacuum . Richard watch Tim clean . the house be a wreck . Tim be oblivious to he and zombie focus on the task . richard I be gonna follow ron and Jonathan 's lead and crash . Tim smile the most beautiful smile at Richard . 86 87 88 63. tim ( cont 'd ) it 's go to look completely different in here . int . house - live room - two hour later - morning 86 immaculate . like the party never happen . quiet . only distant surf through the glass . Tim walk quietly through the spotless kitchen , crack open window throughout the house to let in fresh air . he walk down the hallway to Richard 's room . Richard be pass out on the bed . Tim stare , see Richard 's jacket crumpled on the floor , move to it , hang it neatly across the back of a chair . he stare at Richard 's face . he walk out into the hallway , quietly close Richard 's door behind he . he walk into he room . he zip open he bag , reach into it , pull out a roll up piece of paper . open it and read it . we see fragment of write on it and remember it from he bed at the beginning . Tim turn , catch he reflection in a bureau mirror . he stare , expression even . fade to black int . house - jonathan 's room - two hour later - late 87 morning Close on Jonathan 's face , on he close eye . we hear a strange distant sonic hiss . it sound otherworldly , ketamine alter , like time itself be make sound . he open he eye , listen . pipe , maybe . or a shower . he can hear it now . he listen a beat , then cover he head with a pillow , fall back into a ketamine slumber . jonathan 's room - one hour later 88 Jonathan wake again to the same sound . he listen a moment . 89 90 64 . int . hallway - a minute later 89 Jonathan walk out of he room , lose he balance , use the wall to steady himself . he arrive at the bathroom door . listen . he turn the handle . it 's open . int . bathroom 90 as he walk inside . he can not see for the thick steam . jonathan hello ? there 's no answer . steam pour out . Jonathan can not be sure , but something be come into view inside the shower . something hover inside of it . Jonathan stop cold . stare . he suddenly lunge forward and throws the sliding glass shower door OPEN . a body . tim . hanging from a rope that 's tie to a pipe that jut out from the wall in the shower . Jonathan try to lift he , to take the pressure off he neck , to get he down , to get he safe . the hot water burn down on he , he scream through the anguish and hot water and ketamine ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) Rich ! Rich ! Fucking help I ! Jonathan lose he balance in the water , fall against the shower door , pop it off it 's rail . it crash against the toilet and the glass shatter . second later Richard burst in , freeze , dive toward the water faucet , wind they off , grab Tim by the leg , raise he . Jonathan lift the rope off the pipe , walk on the break glass , help Richard lay Tim on the floor . 91 65 . Jonathan kneel next to he , begin to administer cpr , hard , we hear Tim 's sternum crack ... after twenty second he do something strange : he sit back , slide against a wall , and just stare . richard what the fuck be you do !? Jonathan look at Richard . jonathan he 's dead . second pass . the faucet drip . life go on elsewhere in the world , and the world revolve around the sun . ron appear in the doorway . look at they . the rope around Tim 's neck . sees it all . ron be speechless . Richard see something lay across the sink . a roll up sheet of paper . he stand , move to it . Jonathan climb to he foot as ron step inside . Richard do something as the paper come into view : he stop . like the think that flashed through he mind be so violate it have physical impact . he step toward the sink , unroll it . we recognize it from Tim 's apartment : the paper that be on he bed . Richard read in silence . Richard laugh . a strange laugh . a laugh lace with confusion . Jonathan and ron look at each other . Richard leave it , walk out of the steamy room , a little craze . we move with he down the hallway and stay on he face . he stop walk , stare at we . he be utterly stunne . int . live room - one hour later - noon 91 ron pace the room . Jonathan stare out the front window of the house . Richard sit on the couch with the paper laid out on the coffee table , study it like it 's a part of himself he think he have lose forever . nobody say a word . they be search for a way in . 66 . Richard stare at it . he blurt out something incongruous , something that instantly get Jonathan and ron 's attention . richard motherfucker . he beat I to the punch . ron stop pace , stare at Richard , disbely . Jonathan turn from the window . jonathan help I here , I be lose . Richard touch the note with he finger ... richard I be not . I remember everything . senior year , the room upstairs with the green couch and Joy division poster all over the wall . like yesterday . they search to remember . Jonathan sway in stillness near the front window . ron sit down , daze , stare at Richard . jonathan wait , that 's right . it be timmy 's idea ... he say something like ' be we gonna remember this moment , or have friend 's like this ... 's Richard take over , through the drug and emotion he remember like it be yesterday ... richard ... ’are we ever go to feel like this again , this alive and possible and free again ? i’1l never forget that . and yet I do . I fuck forget it . ron we all do . richard Tim do not . no we see the paper and note full on . the paper be yellow and crinkle with age . the word be in a fade dark marker . each line be written by a different hand . 67 . £ 6 year from now if we CA not remember what this feel like , then we have forget this beautiful moment ... who we say we have become , we promise to each other , swear to friend . we will never forget ! see this / we life .. we want to live and the man we want to / will be to forget this feel , be to fail and if we forget it , this promise for all of we , we will die as one . the name be sign ... rich tim JR ron there be a long silence , a processing . the dead body of they best friend be down the hall . ron be implode . he need a drink . he need to flee . ron yeah , but we say a lot of thing when we be young . Richard stare at ron . richard so you word be no good ? this mean nothing ? ron look at the note on the table , read it again , look back at Richard . the truth of the situation descend on he , envelope he . he begin pace again . ron we have to call the police . right ? ron appeal to Jonathan . to say something . Jonathan shrug . jonathan and say what ?... 's hello officer . we sign this pact when we be in college and we friend be dead . can you come pick up the dead body ? 's Jonathan move away from the window , unsteady . he use the wall for balance . ron who fuck give a shit ? 68. richard timmy obviously do ... he remember what we want to be . and so do I . ron sweat , heart and mind racing . Jonathan grind he tooth . ron this be insane . we be high , we be fuck high as shit ! richard which be exactly why we need to think this through . ron try to convince himself this be not happen . ron we will come down , sleep . yeah , sleep it off . we just need it to be the next day . it ’1ll be all right . we will figure it out . jonathan I can not come down . ron stop pace , something have just occur to he . ron wait wait wait ... I be confuse . be we talk about not call the cop ? the question hang in the air . then we hear two voice , one inside , one out . one think it , one say it . jonathan /richard all we name be on the note . ron look between they . this line of think be not possible . he know they and this can not be happen . Richard look back at the note , touch the word ... ron ( explode , loud ) what that shit fuck scrawl signify mean nothing ! I be not the fuck same fool who write my name on that , and neither be you !!! thing change !! silence , then ... 69 . jonathan you be certainly not the same person ron . ron what the fuck do that mean ? Jonathan raise he eye , light a cigarette . richard so we bond mean nothing to you , the promise , all that be for nothing ? you dead friend ? jonathan it mean we think about it . ron it mean I be not the same person . none of we be . the camera slow ... we all slow down . time stop . we see Richard stare at the note . we see ron scream ( silently ) . we see Jonathan exhale cigarette smoke . and the voice , objective and soothing , curious . the voice could they pinpoint the exact moment in time they go from who they be , to who they have become ? be it at that moment that they bond become falsify ? and a more burdensome question seem to present itself : it be not whether or not they annual meeting be a sham or a ritual , but whether or not the countless day and night and minute and hour that they be apart be the sham and the ritual . resume scene Jonathan exhales smoke , look at ron. jonathan you be not the same person , the same friend now ? fuck you ron. ron backhand a vase off a table and it shatter against a wall . 70 . he see a saucer with a pile of coke on it in front of Richard . he grab it , do a line , drop it on the kitchen table . he rub he face with both hand , turn to they . ron I be a father . I ama fuck father ! jonathan and ? ron ( to Jonathan ) so be you . Richard , invective in hand , slam a huge slug of booze . richard it be all the result of measure little result against high expectation . he see he son once every two week and he son call he stepfather '' dad . '' ( beat ) you write you name in blood and what do it mean ? you blood mean hooey . go home ron . go home to you mother , go to you wife who think you be a God , explain how badly you disappointed , fail , fuck up . and how bad do you fuck up , ron ? you greedy cocksucker . what do you do ? be you a bank robber ? do you steal people 's money ? ( Rich cock and shoot both he forefingers like a gunslinger in the old west ) you fuck bank robber ! be you like the hideous man we read about ? ( to Jonathan ) Jonathan , do we little ronnie go bad on we ? ron stare at they , calmly reach into he pocket , remove he blackberry , dial , listen ... ron can I have the number for the local police department ? in one swift moment Richard lunge and snatch the phone from ron 's hand and hang up . 71 . richard what the fuck be you do ? ron ( utterly calm ) someone . committed . suicide . the police must be call , a report must be make . richard so you word be no good ? no discussion ? Jonathan be hold the note , tremble now . clearly not altogether , not unusual consider . jonathan it be who we be , but if when we write it , we be not that now ... ron - let I get this straight . I be suppose to follow through on some twenty - five year old idealistic bullshit I do not remember ? be you serious Richard ? this be not how it work , this be not relevant to now . Tim be dead . Richard hold up he hand , gesture with each word . richard exactly . and. you. sign . it . with glaze eye of chemical sadness , Jonathan look at ron . jonathan we brain be wire wrong , we mind be unsound and not think correctly . anything can happen . we be not rational now , ron . we be whistling in the dark . we be consider option . we return to this very unreal real world . haywire . richard timmy die for he reason . guilt , I know he could never forgive himself . but he do it . ron ( defensive ) he be weak . 72 . Richard move menacingly towards ron. richard ( a vicious hiss ) it be he life . his choice . you know what ? you have never follow through on anything . even then . you know what we call you behind you back ? Rat ron , ' cause you be a fuck rodent . selling we ticket to concert that you get for free . try to fuck Jonathan 's girlfriend . Rat fuck ron , always play the man , the guy with the cash . tell I rat ron , be that why you be in so much trouble ? ron you dirty little fuck loser , where 's you best - sell book , huh you fuck ? you forget when ' rat ron 's get you fuck ass out of jail in senior year because you fuck mommy do not have the money ? Fucking arty little Richard , always out of money . and I always have it , that be my role . you be art and I be commerce , that 's what you use to say ! ( to Jonathan ) and how much money have I make for you over the year , you fuck zombie quack fuck ? Jonathan do not answer . ron reach for he blackberry but Richard jump up and back away into the kitchen , scoot behind the kitchen table , use it as a barrier as ron follow . richard it 's not only you decision to make . Richard move around the table . he see the saucer of blow on the table . he lick he fingertip and dip they in . he stop move around the table , wait for ron . when ron be right in front of he Richard raise he white - tip coke cover fingertip to ron 's face . richard ( cont ’d ) you be a man of number , right ronny ? 73. ron do not answer . richard ( cont 'd ) let I lay it out for you . I say you have two choice . here , or there . because I have a feel that whatever shit you be in , it be so deep it be go to fuck you in the ass and swallow you whole . ron be sweat . he stop . he try to breath . ron ( quiet ) this be insane . ( loud ) this be insane . ( hand over mouth as the truth crash into he ) oh my God , fuck timmy . ron 's freak eye bounce of Richard 's and Jonathan 's . jonathan ( gently ) I think you should leave , ron . I think it 's best . richard yeah , go home ron. leave . ron take a deep breath . then another . Jonathan approach the table , lean over the saucer , snort with a roll up bill . he be so high it be difficult to make it work . ron breathes in and out , in and out , then ... ron I be pack up . and I be go home . let 's just agree that I leave before any of this happen . Richard and Jonathan nod . ron look at they , scared . ron ( cont 'd ) ( do not do this ... ) promise you will leave soon , okay ? they just look at he . ron suddenly grab a chair from the table , lift it , and smashes it back down on the ground as he let out a guttural animal scream . then he march down the hallway to he room ... 92 93 94 74 . Jonathan be tweak . he look up at Richard . shiver . daze . jonathan we have to do something about timmy . ext . house - driveway - fifteen minute later - late 92 afternoon ron fumble with key to Tim 's rental car , try to unlock the door . he sweat . he finally unlock it , toss he bag in the back , get behind the wheel , back out of the driveway , drive off . we follow fast behind ron , tail ron , and then we be ... int . rental car - ron 93 we see he eye , he sweat , hand on wheel , rear view mirror , radio on loud , forehead and chest sweat , radio business news play , then slammed off . silence . ron drive . he try to breath . roll down a window . grip the wheel . he look like the most uncomfortable man in the world , until ... he look up . see the SMALL town airport . the way out . int . airport - departure - afternoon 94 ron wait with a few other traveler . he nervously look at he blackberry . see 33 missed call . scan they . most of they be from amanda . he keep scan . see '' mom . '' he stare at that name . '' mom . '' ron crack . he cry , but it be inside , he hold it inside with the other piece of he life he cannot look at in the light of day . 95 96 75 . int . house - kitchen - dusk 95 Music play . Jonathan make a drink in the kitchen . his leave hand be wrap with gauze and tape from the shattered shower door , we see blood soaking through . he walk we into the live room where Richard stand , surround by the content of Tim 's travel bag and wallet . everything from boxer short to sock to toothbrush and comb to book to business card . laid out on the floor . it look like art . Jonathan look at it all . richard this be all Tim 's . jonathan good Richard . very good . he look at Tim 's belonging spread over the floor . he nod . Richard squat , pick up one of Tim 's shirt , hold it to he face , and inhale . then he look at Jonathan , hold it out as if to ask Jonathan if he want to smell it as well . Jonathan simply stare at Richard . richard I be glad ron leave . his wife and he God will help he through whatever he 's get into . ext . house - one hour later - twilight 96 Jonathan and Richard . illuminate by the flicker flame of a single torch . closer they stand over a 9x4 foot mound of fresh dirt . they can hear the ocean but not the person walk silently up behind they . ron it feel more like a dream , or a apparition , when he take he place next to they and stare into the flame . they do not acknowledge ron , nor do he want they to . none of they want to acknowledge what it mean . 7 we haltingly move toward they as they stare into the fire the image slow as they face become part of the glow fire , a hallucinatory meld of element and human form , painting of orange anguish , reflection and craze light . the voice when you be young , imagine forty or fifty year old be as abstract as science fiction . you be sit there and you be twenty - one year old and you be invincible . it be all ahead of you . you be a horse with blinder , you only see ahead as you whip yourself into a frenzy of forward . at some point , something turn that blinder inward . a death here , a fail relationship there . you creep past thirty and pattern emerge , comforting and kill at the same time . experience and wisdom get blow away by tragedy or the inexplicable . the hand of fate tap on the shoulder of that around you and you pray and pray that you be immune . still slow motion : sand slide , water flow , eye stare . the voice ( cont ’d ) you thirty fade . you be the prime of definition as man , worker , careerist , actor in you own movie , creator , lover , in action how like a angel , in apprehension how like a God . you conquer and forge on , a string of victory that will never end and then you hit it but at first you do not know what it be . ( more ) 6. a 97 77 . the voice ( cont 'd ) it could be the death of a parent or the end of a marriage or the birth of a flaw child , and you forty arrive and you try to feel a sense of lightness and freedom , but it 's work , like the marriage and the job and the friendship and the kid and the health issue and nostalgia that suffocate you when the old song come on , when the picture fall from the photo album , when the scent of something take you back to when it be not so hard , when all the self - help book in the world cannot possibly save you . and you hate it when you admit that someone else 's life be better than yours , even when yours be good . Jonathan , Richard and ron slowly retreat . we move in toward the flame . the voice ( cont 'd ) be it good ? you would not know because you be climb , and as you climb you be scared , higher and wiser , happier but fatter , richer , lonelier , deprave , stubborn , load and still poorer or richer . then you 's 1ll see the number 5 - 0 and the end be in view . you be formally officially absolutely admittedly closer to the end . you panic , drag down by the feel that you have not fulfil the promise other predict for you , the you promise and pray for . you have no idea but know thing will change , I promise . just another promise break . lyric to you song . all of they real . fade out . title : day 5 int . rocky wharf diner - next day - noon 97 Jonathan , ron and Richard at a table . unshaven . pale. paranoid . Black circle under they eye . 78 . Middle of lunch . none of it eat , but they be try . alcohol have replace food , chemistry have replace balance . a beat later , Captain Bob walk past on he way out , surprise they . captain bob hello . Three set of eye turn toward he - bleary , paranoid , numb . richard ( try to be light ) it 's Captain Bob . jonathan how be you ? captain bob I be fine . ( then ) where 's you buddy Tim ? they hesitate way too long . richard he ...had something back in Portland . jonathan he have to take off . Captain Bob look at they , puzzle . captain bob he tell I he be stay for four more day or something . must have be disappointed to have to leave . awkward beat . Captain Bob cut through it . captain bob ( cont ’d ) do not tell I he go home sour ' cause he do not catch any fish ? this break the ice . ron ( slur ) that 's probably it . richard he be so embarrassed he run home . 97a 79 . jonathan he tell we he have some important business . Captain Bob look they over . his sharp eye take in everything ... captain bob well , take care boy . ..- and amble out of there . the guy watch he leave , then look at each other . int . rocky wharf diner - ten minute later 97a out of the blue there 's a loud scream and ... woman' voice oh my God ! oh my God ! Jonathan 's dull attention sharpen as he turn and see : a old man ( 60 - 65 ) alone in a booth . the man be in trouble , face go white , neck go slack , eye close . he fall to a knee on the ground .. jonathan vault out of he seat and run to the man . jonathan ( loud scream ) someone call emergency !! see this guy with craze bloodshot eye and day of growth on he face scream in this small town frighten people - everyone 's so stunne they do not answer . jonathan ( cont ’d ) ( loud scream ) now ! the old man collapse on the ground ... Jonathan be waste but rise to the occasion . jonathan ( cont ’d ) guy ! manager hold a phone scream from the cash register ... manager I get it , I get emergency ! Jonathan look at the man 's chest ... it 's completely still ... Richard and ron be right there now ... 80 . jonathan okay ... Jonathan rip open the man 's shirt front , open he mouth and stick he finger in he throat to see if he 's choke . Air passage be all clear . he place two finger on side of the old man 's throat to feel he carotid . jonathan ( cont ’d ) fuck ... people hover now ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) ( to Richard / ron ) get something to raise he leg up ! ron rip a cushion from a booth and slide it under the old man 's foot . jonathan ( cont ’d ) ( scream to manager ) how long till paramedics be here !? manager on they way ... jonathan how fuck long ! ? beat . beat . beat . manager eight minute ... jonathan okay...okay ... shit . Jonathan tilt the old man 's head back , pinch he nostril , give he mouth to mouth . in. out. in. out. in. out . the diner go quiet . everyone hold they breath . the old man' daughter stand in slow shock with she hand over she mouth so as not to scream . Jonathan breathes into the man 's body , stop , look at the man 's chest ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) come on ... live , live , live ...- lean down and try again . again and again and again ... 98 99 81 . ext . diner - twenty minute later - afternoon 98 aftermath of the drama . hushed voice . garbling chirp of a ambulance radio outside . the Old man be on a gurney . the Old man 's daughter walk next to he as paramedics wheel he out . he’s alive . he look up from he gurney and from behind he oxygen mask see - jonathan who 's stand next to ron and Richard . as the paramedics slide he into the ambulance , the man form a circle near a doorway . Richard look around to make sure nobody be watch , indicate the coke he have in a fold piece of paper . Jonathan hold out the back of he hand and Richard dump out a bunch for he . at the very moment Jonathan snort , the Old man 's daughter tap he on the shoulder , catch he in the act . he turn to she ... old man 's daughter you save my father 's life . thank you . it be silent for a moment . Jonathan know . she have gratitude , shock and repulsion do battle in she brain . Jonathan wipe coke off he nose with the back of he hand , say this like he just remember it : jonathan I be a doctor . she put she hand on he shoulder , look in he eye . then she leave . ron stand unsteadily ... ron we should get out of here . ext . rocky point diner - continuous 99 .»- ron , Richard and Jonathan walk outside , turn away from the crowd of people disperse and flicker ambulance light . angle on Captain Bob walk away from the scene , about half a block away . he pause when Laura boyde roll up in she squad car . 100 101 82 . boyde what happen ? captain bob Larry mccaulay have a heart attack . now they be stare at the scene . Jonathan , Richard , and ron head away from the crowd , towards they . boyde that 's a motley crew . captain bob ( indicate Jonathan ) one of they save he life . boyde really ? captain bob I know they . they come out on the boat . seem they have be hit it pretty hard . she stare at they as they disappear around a corner . boyde they from here ? Captain Bob shake he head . captain bob gotta take some folk out . he take off . boyde stay where she be . a beat later the Red porsche buzze out and head up the street toward she . she see the three guy inside ... ext . electronic gate - sunset 100 Police Chief boyde pull up in she patrol car , park , get out , move the intercom , press the buzzer . ext . house - sunset 101 boyde pull she squad car behind the red porsche . walk to door , knock . ron 's face briefly appear in the window , then the door open . ron answer , act casual , the confident business guy , stay behind the screen . 83 . ron hello . boyde I be sorry to bother you . ron no bother , what 's up ? boyde the atherton sometimes have I pass by , to check in . and I be in the area . ron just wait . boyde ( cont 'd ) there 's the four of you here ? ron one guy leave . who 's count ? boyde oh , nobody , it 's just that - ron we other friend have to get back to Portland . for business . boyde look at ron a long beat . boyde be you the doctor ? ron no . the doctor be have a siesta . you know , after the heroic . boyde ( sincere ) yes . and it be heroic . she look back at the car in the driveway , the porsche and the rental . boyde ( cont 'd ) I have see that porsche somewhere . ron my buddy buy it from a local . the other one be mine , the rental . 84 . boyde oh , that 's yours ? and what 's you name ? ron my name 's ron . why ? something wrong ? boyde shake she head . boyde no no . she wait . a long beat . like she do not know how to extract herself . ron do not want to shut the door on she . but he do . slowly . gently . firmly . 102 ext . driveway - moment later 102 boyde walk to she vehicle , note the license number on the rental as she walk . 103 int . police station - boyde 's office - half hour later - dsk boyde on the phone . boyde rented in San Francisco ? she listen , frustrated . boyde ( cont 'd ) I be go to need more than that . ( beat ) I want the name of the person who rent it . ( she listen ) it 's Laura boyde , from the police department . she lean back in she chair , listen . officer boyde ( cont would ) timothy Allen arthur . from Portland . she hang up , troubled . dial again . wait . 104 85 . boyde ( cont would ) the name 's timothy Allen arthur . all I have be Portland , no address . ( beat ) thank you . boyde write the number down . dial . ringing , then : tim ( 0.s. ) hi it 's Tim ... leave a message . boyde Mr. arthur , this be the Big sur police department . it 's important that you make contact as soon as possible . the number here be 831 - 626-3289 . int . house - hour later - night 104 Richard and Jonathan sit at the coffee table in front of the fire . a glass frame map of Big sur cover in chop up pill on the table . Jonathan and Richard be as waste as we have see they . Jonathan 's head bow forward and he eyelid close . richard hey . Jonathan snap awake . richard ( cont ’d ) you be a mess , Jonathan . Jonathan look at he , drunkenly begin mash up pill against the map of Big sur with a knife . Richard take half a teaspoon of cocaine from a baggy and dump it on the pill . richard ( cont 'd ) you need it . jonathan a spoonful of sugar make the medicine go down . Jonathan mix the coke with the pill . jonathan ( cont ’d ) how long 's ron be sleep ? richard hours. 86 . Richard stand , unsteadily weave through the live room . in ron 's room ron sit on the side of he bed . awake . stare at the floor . Richard walk in , pause when he see ron . richard ( cont ’d ) hey . ron do not look up . richard ( cont 'd ) ronaldo ... we have something ... you gotta try it ... ron look up . his face smear with tear . richard ( cont ’d ) what ? ron turn away . he be silent for a moment . ron fuck it . Richard stare at he . ron ( cont ’d ) I be so scared , Richard . richard about the cop ? ron shake he head '' no . '' richard ( cont ’d ) timmy ? he shake he head '' no '' again . Richard move into the room , sit on the bed next to ron . richard ( cont ’d ) the money thing you be involved in ? beat . exhale . ron about what we be do . here . Richard swallow , gag a little on the post nasal drip of the line he just do . he clear he throat . they be quiet a long time . ron swallow bitterly . 87 . richard I be scared too . ron amanda leave I message ... they be in my home , Richard . the fed be there . ( look at Richard ) I have rob client , but I never cheat on amanda . never . ( then , head down ) at the beginning you be help people , enrich they . then it get inside you , some rationale , and you take some extra for yourself . one zero become two , and more and more . you get high and you drift . Richard look at he . richard and you can not recognize yourself . ron cover he head . Richard move to he . beat . richard ( cont ’d ) why do you need so much ? ron I do not know . ( defensive ) I love take care of my family . I be the man , I really be the man for awhile . I wish you could have see I , Richard . richard will she forgive you ? ron nobody will . richard I love you , ron . ron you say you be scared ... you do not act like it . 88 . richard ( cont ’d ) I read something once that make I think about the note . ' cowardice masquerade as courage in motivate people to not do it . 's but I lie , and I hide . ron turn to he . ron do it for I . richard ( strong ) fuck you , ron. ron please . richard no. ron I can not do it . richard do not. ron I have to . richard you do not . just go home . face it . ron take a deep breath . exhales . ron I want to ... but ... I have try to see myself go home , and face it , I have imagine she see I , look into I , my eye . I can not face that . ( beat ) we be destitute . they sit there . it 's a long moment . the longest we can handle . Richard do not look at ron when he say . richard lie down . on the bed . ron do . put he hand at he side . Richard stand , look down at ron. 89 . richard ( cont 'd ) be you sure ? ron nod . tear roll . ron remember how we meet ? Richard crawl on the bed , straddle ron. ron ( cont 'd ) I think you be the biggest asshole . but cool . Richard look at he . ron speak gently . ron ( cont 'd ) and I feel sorry for you . this dark guy with a dead dad . Richard pick up a pillow from beside ron 's head . ron ( cont 'd ) you be the most interesting guy in the dorm . you turn I on to holiday in Cambodia . remember ? Richard hold the pillow to he own chest . he nod . tear well in he eye . ron ( cont 'd ) and I turn you on to the pretender . richard stop now . ron you remember that ? Richard nod . richard stop talk now . ron ( speak it softly ) you arrive like a day , and pass like a cloud , I make a wish , I say it out loud , out loud in a crowd , everybody hear , '' twas the talk of the town . '' ( beat ) you love that song . 105 106 90 . they eye be lock . he slowly bring the pillow down over ron 's face . Richard apply pressure . ron 's hand stay limp at he side . we hear a muffle groan from beneath the pillow and ron 's hand raise , try to fight off Richard . his fingernails dig into Richards forearm and draw blood . Richard use every ounce of strength he have . finally , ron 's body go limp . Richard look down at ron 's hand as they fall away from he forearm . he slowly crawl off ron , leave the pillow over he face . Richard sit on the bed next to ron . then he rest he head on ron 's chest . he stay there a moment . his voice be a soft crack whisper when he try to sing more of the pretender song , '' it 's not my place , to know what you feel , I have like to know , but why should I ? '' Richard stand , walk out . int . live room - continuous 105 Jonathan look up with glaze eye at Richard . jonathan he awake ? Richard slowly shake he head '' no . '' Jonathan and Richard stare at each other for a long beat . Jonathan 's eye find the fingernail cut on Richard 's forearm . Jonathan seem to sense what have happen . ext . house - near the back deck - night 106 Jonathan and Richard stand by a mound of dirt next to Tim 's grave . Richard light a torch with a match and a huge ball of fire force they back . the camera slowly push through the fire and Richard put he arm around Jonathan , lean in close and whisper in the flicker orange light . voice he have better thing in store , beyond anything you could think or ask . ( more ) 107 gl . voice ( cont 'd ) the die be a sheer kindness to the black soul . not a light . but a step by shallow step , welcome we menace and shadow . listen to I , the beginning of the end be quiet and velvet . this be the perfect failure . and the two friend lean on each other , know . title : day 6 ext . point sur light house - afternoon 107 Three -hundre foot above the sea . we see boyde emerge from a small sheriff 's office . she take in the view as walk toward a picnic table . a few minute later ... boyde sit with she sister , katie . nearby , Katie 's two boy , stevie ( 7 ) and matt ( 4 ) play on the grass . boyde it 's funny be not it ? how you can not predict what anyone be go to end up like . katie well , you can , kind of , I mean , stevie 's like he dad , mechanical . and Matt 's just creative as anything . boyde I know he be . I still have the draw of the rabbit he do up in my office . he 's a bit of a charmer too . they look at Matt . he 's lose in the sensation of run a blade of grass over he nose . boyde ( cont 'd ) I be glad I never have child . Katie turn to she , try to guess what she mean by this . katie you be afraid you would be a bad mother . 92 . boyde no , no . all the worry , all the fear you must have . everything be so random . katie it 's a trade off . ( then ) you do not get love without fear . boyde ( nodd ) true . a beat while they watch the boy . boyde ( cont 'd ) where be the man , Katie ? Katie 's eye widen , this be not the kind of question she 's use to from she sister . katie well if Jeff 's any measure , I scare mine away . if that 's what you mean . boyde you do not scare he away . all three of you do . the family . katie I do not know if I ever expect more , maybe that 's the problem . boyde I do not mean that anyway . I mean why do they run , and shut we out . ( then ) and then say we be skittish . Katie turn to she . boyde ( cont 'd ) ( gently ) do not look at I like that . I do not hate man , I love they . ( then ) it 's just that they expect you to be there and then they dissolve right in front of you . katie they disappear . 108 109 93. Matt turn toward boyde , stare at she . boyde you would think there would be a lot more people in love than there be . Matt make he way to she , a sweet smile on he face . he hold out he hand , say one simple word . matt play . and take she hand . she stand , smile back at Katie as Matt pull she out on the grass . boyde told you he be a charmer . ext . highway - the porsche - twilight 108 blow past we ... int . the sand bar - midnight 109 local bar . load with local . juke box play . Jonathan and Richard watch two local guy ( 30' ) play pool . they wait to play the winner . Richard hold a large glass of beer . it slip from he finger and explode on the floor . player # 1 look up from he shot . player # 1 can not handle you beer , huh faggot ? player # 1 go back to he shot , bury it . Richard see a six inch wide cigarette- burn wood shelf run the length of the wall beneath the sign - up chalkboard . there be two beer on it . Richard casually walk over and drain one . player # 2 hey . hey ! then he drain the other one . player # 1 that be we beer , asshole . richard you make unnecessary commentary regard my misfortune as well as a gay slur . so I drank you beer . we be even . 94 . player # 2 who the fuck be you ? richard how could that possibly matter ? jonathan ( warning ) Richard ... player # 2 you be gonna buy we two beer . or buy yourself a taxi to the hospital . richard I be not buy you anything , and my friend here be a physician so I can get treatment right here if I require it . player # 2 you just bark up the wrong tree asshole because I be you worst fuck nightmare . richard you need new material my friend . '' worst fuck nightmare ? '' '' bark up the wrong tree ? '' you be joke , right ? here , I 'il give you one : I fuck you girlfriend so hard in the ass she cry . ( beat ) for more . ( beat ) oh , wait , that 's be use before too , by all the guy who fuck you cock suck whore girlfriend in the ass . the local rush round the table toward Richard . Richard stand , slowly close he eye ... wait for the pain ... want it ... the local clenches he fist , wind up ... deep in Richard 's mind we hear he whisper ... richard ( cont 'd ) punish I for what I have do ... boom ... time stop . 112 113 95 . Jonathan watch Richard 's head slam against the floor ... see it bounce ... the crowd gather ... another fight in a bar with a history ... on the surface no different from the rest ... title : day 7 int . house - live room - late morning 110 Richard be pass out on the couch . there 's a knock on front door . it become harder and louder . Richard 's eye blink open . int . house - bathroom - minute later 111 Richard stand at the sink , quickly splashes water over he face . run he finger through he hair . int . live room - continuous 112 Richard walk to the door with sunglass on , open it enough to see who it be . Police Chief boyde . Richard conjure sobriety . richard yes . boyde look at he through the screen . boyde May I have a word with you ? ext . house - a minute later - late morning 113 Richard and boyde stand on the porch . boyde I hear about the fight last night . richard I do not know if you can call ita fight . boyde you okay ? bartender say you be hit pretty hard . richard I deserve it . this surprise she a little . she see where some still cake around he nostril . boyde not sure if I totally believe it . the guy at the bar , it 's not the first time he 's be in a bar fight . richard you do not say . boyde just do I a favor and stay clear of that place . he nod . richard yep . boyde I be not raise much of a stink because you friend save Eddie iverson 's life . he 's a doctor , right ? 96 . blood be Richard nod . ron 's cell phone ring again and again inside the house . boyde ( cont ’d ) you wanna get that ? richard it 's okay . boyde ask this casually . boyde I have a problem I be try to solve . you friend ron tell I the rental in the driveway be he . I check it out and it belong to Tim arthur . Richard try to gloss it over . richard yeah , it 's Tim 's rental . we be return it for he . I do not know why ron would say that . boyde May I speak to he ? 97 . beat . richard who ? boyde ron. richard he have to go see a old friend . Left early this morning . boyde how would he leave ? richard a taxi ? I do not know , I be sleep . boyde stare at Richard for a long uncomfortable time . boyde mind if I look around ? Richard 's demeanor shift from casual to worried but he sunglass hide it . richard not a lot to do around here , huh ? tight smile from boyde . ron 's phone stop ringing in the house . she walk around the side of the house to the back . Richard follow closely behind she and see Jonathan before boyde do . Jonathan be hurriedly clean the area over Tim and ron 's grave . Richard need to distract she , fast . richard ( cont 'd ) hey excuse I ? she turn back to Richard , just what he want she to do . richard ( cont ’d ) the old guy from the diner , how 's he hold up ? 114 98. boyde his daughter Emily say he 's do fine . Beyond she , Richard see Jonathan silently slip inside the house . Richard relax . richard I be glad to hear he 's hang in there . she stare at he , then turn and continue toward the - the back deck ext . back deck - day 114 try to see what remnant be visible in the ash . Jonathan have do a good job - to the naked eye , it do not look like anything at all . the slide glass door open . Jonathan call out from there . jonathan ( casual ) everything okay ? she turn , look at he . boyde I have a question about you car . now she turn to Richard . they be close . we see she inhale . she smell the booze on he . she look into he eye a beat . some uneasy feel wash over she . richard why be you here ? stop she cold . richard ( cont ’d ) ( to Jonathan , answer for she ) she have a question about the car . ( to boyde ) right ? right ? boyde look at Richard , conscious of she own sudden discomfort , but she hold she ground . 99 . boyde can I see you eye ? Richard hesitates , then slowly take they off . they eye meet . his be bloodshot . richard ( sincere ) you be very pretty , that 's for damn sure . they be inch away from each other . boyde scotch , right ? Richard ease off . jonathan ( to boyde , alleviate ) we be leave tomorrow . she look at Jonathan . then Richard . the phone begin ringing again in the house . boyde and Jonathan and Richard stand there , listen to it , none of they move . then Richard turn and follow Jonathan into the house . boyde turn and walk away . int . house - live room - half hour later - late morning15 Jonathan sit at the kitchen table take inventory of they drug . jonathan we be run out . he begin chopping up a odd pink pill . richard what 's that ? jonathan agenerase . a HIV - 1 drug . it 's timmy 's . think it would be a nice gesture . Richard spray nasal decongestant into he nostril . 120 121 100 . richard yes. ron 's blackberry ring on the mantle again . Richard pick it up , see the caller i.d. picture - it 's a amanda , smile . Richard look at Jonathan , show he the screen . then he toss ron 's blackberry onto the fire in the fireplace . ext . porsche - highway - day 116 a red dot on the horizon . grow in size . blast by we with a blur . int . porsche - same 117 Jonathan and Richard . Red bloodshot eye stare straight ahead . ext . parking lot - day 118 the porsche , park . unnatural light . int . porsche - same 119 frantic . Jonathan tear three prescription off a pad and pass they to Richard . Jonathan 's hand be shaking . jonathan if they ask , say you have have a knee operation . but they will not ask . Richard take the prescription , get out of the car , close the door . Jonathan sit back , close he eye . int . drug store - day 120 Richard walk . bend into the hellish florescent light , a spectre at the end of a aisle melting into the garish display on either side of he , see the pharmacy sign at the back of the store come in and out of focus . ext . STREET - the porsche - ten minute later - afternoon 21 Richard whip open the door of the porsche , get inside , hold a Walgreen bag . 122 122a 101 . Jonathan wake up - he have doze off . Richard reach in the bag and remove a duck key chain . hand it to Jonathan . richard my gift to you . Press the button . Jonathan do . a sharp '' quack '' issue from the chip inside the duck . he smile and look closely at the duck . jonathan a comment on my career path ? richard he 's quick lady and gentleman . Richard hand Jonathan the prescription bag . Jonathan feel the weight of it , look inside , pull out a fistful of refrigerator magnet with life affirmation quote : '' he who limp be still walk '' and '' do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do '' and '' you attitude determine you altitude . '' he look at Richard , then stick the magnet to the dash of the porsche . they sit in silence a moment look at they . a moment pass , then Richard look at Jonathan . richard ( cont ’d ) we should go . jonathan you be behind the wheel . Richard , realize he be . richard oh. right . ( beat ) I would like to see some tree . ext . porsche - OPEN road - afternoon 122 the porsche whistle past like a blaze red bullet . ext . back road - the porsche 122a Racing past we and disappear around a corner ... 123 124 125 int . porsche - back road - moving - afternoon 102 . 123 Jonathan in passenger seat , prescription bottle on he lap . Jonathan look at a prescription bottle , read : oxycontin . jonathan oxycontin slow brain activity , and cut off pain signal . like intercept a bill you do not want to pay before it arrive at you house . you can see why people get addict . one in six doctor be addict to painkiller . richard pain . killer . Richard stare out the window , teeter at the edge of reality . richard ( cont ’d ) I remember but timmy fuck do it . he do not forget . he never forget . ( beat ) I want to be the first , he steal my thunder . I want to be the reason . Richard trail off , then unleash a mad scream . then he lean back , drive as he close he eye . slowly and calmly . richard ( cont ’d ) there 's always the sun . Jonathan watch he friend drive blindly . richard 's Pov - thru windshield - bixby bridge speak 124 eye wide now . the porsche approach the tower majestic bridge . ext . long shot - the porsche 125 winding up toward the redwood . the SOUND drop out and we hear footstep , which take we to ... 126 127 128 103 . ext . big sur redwood forest - afternoon 126 Richard and Jonathan walk , dwarf by this ancient and majestic tree . they move in and out of shadow and light . Jonathan drop pill after pill from a prescription bottle , leave a trail behind he . he feel Richard 's eye on he , stop . jonathan so we can find we way back . Jonathan 's eye register the scratch mark ron leave on Richard 's forearm . Jonathan turn and keep walk . richard ( under he breath ) nobody want we , hansel . they footstep over the bark and twig be all we hear . ext . forest - a few minute later 127 Richard lean against a tree . he 's spin the butter knife he use to do coke with Tim in he hand . Jonathan sit on the forest floor . he look in Richard 's eye . jonathan ( be : the scratch on Richard 's forearm ) he fight , do not he ? Richard raise he eye to Jonathan . a wave of feel wash over he . a acknowledgement . a imperceptible nod . jonathan ( cont ’d ) the body fight . in opposition to what the mind want . Richard feel the tree against he back . he turn to it . he stare into the bark of it . he look at the knife in he hand , turn toward the tree ... ext . the forest - a few minute later 128 Richard stand at the tree , with Jonathan behind he . we move closer and see Richard carve the letter '' T '' into the trunk . 128a 129 104 . ext . the forest - a few minute later 128a Jonathan finish carve the letter '' J '' into the tree trunk . they have carve a T , R , R & J into it . they look at each other . there 's a long silent beat . Richard raise he hand , rest it on Jonathan 's chest . jonathan I feel like run . Richard stare at he . it 's possible that Richard do not know what Jonathan mean , but then ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) run with I , Richard . ( then ) can you run with I ? Jonathan turn and jog away . Richard stare after he . Richard 's eye brighten and become child - like as he watch Jonathan run through the tree . he take off after he . we do not follow . we stay back until they become small ... until they almost look like little boy . ext . cliff - ten minute later 129 Richard and Jonathan be near a cliff overlook the ocean . Jonathan sit on the ground , look up at Richard , who stand closer to the cliff . Richard turn to he . richard ..+.- you remember in college , when ron and Tim and you and I go to that concert fly on X ? when I be clean out all my Mom 's stuff last year , I find the ticket stub in a old box -- it be modern English , the cure and xtc and some other band . ( more ) 105 . richard ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we be so high ! remember ?! we could not even like fuck speak . and modern English be sing that song ( sing ) ...- drop in the state of imaginary grace ... jonathan ( softly sing the background vocal of the song ) you should know better . richard ( resume ) I remember I feel this strange ray of light ... and it be come from you guy , from you eye , and I be so fuck happy . and it be not this force happiness ... it be honest , and calm ... fuck man it be so pure , all this dream that feel real , like they could happen . ( can not find the word ) I live on that image for day , it be like it be burn into my brain , like I be still high from the drug , and you guy , but it be not the drug , it be we , and I never forget it ... ( long beat ) I have never be that happy since . I have never even be close . Richard trail off . he turn away toward the sea . the wind rise against they . Jonathan watch as Richard walk closer to the edge of the cliff . he stare at Richard 's back . look down at how close Richard 's foot be to the edge of the cliff . Jonathan silently stand up . beat . Jonathan explode toward Richard , lay a fierce tackle on he at chest -height . they fly over the cliff . and disappear . we hear ocean pound the rock below . 130 106 . we creep toward the edge and by degree the sky fade into a deeper color of blue and we be suddenly in mid-flight with CUT to : animated richard and jonathan 130 in a cartoon landscape . they drop fast , foot first , toward jag rock below , paralyse with cartoon fear , the speed of they death fall accompany by a dopplering train whistle . but then Jonathan hold out the hem of he shirt , which have the wind - catch effect of a parachute . jonathan hey Richard ! look ! Richard do it as well . jonathan / richard we can fly !!! they drift down softly , dreamily , bliss out look on they cartoon face . they voice be upbeat , cheery . richard this be so awesome ! jonathan hey Rich , maybe thing will turn out okay after all ! richard know what jonno ? I be gonna join a health club and clean out my body , hang out at Starbucks and rejoin society ! and as they float ... jonathan I be go come to term with the fact that my wife shattered my heart and that I barely have a relationship with my son . then I be go to meet a nice girl , straighten out my medical practice and join a church ! 107 . richard you can do it jon ! you just can ! and I be gonna sit down and write that second novel I always say I would write ! jonathan great ! a best -seller ! richard hey , it 's never too late for redemption ! ( beat ) maybe that 's what I 'il write about ! heck jonno , maybe that will be the title ! jonathan '' never too late for redemption ? ! '' I love it ! Richard and Jonathan float gently toward a animated flat rock on the shore . Richard look down . richard look , we be go to land nice and soft ! jonathan this be so incredible ! richard the happy end we all wish for be go to come true ! distant high pitch whistling . approach fast ... jonathan everybody love a happy end ! richard especially after a massage ! Jonathan and Richard gently touch down on the rock , huge smile paste on they face ... richard ( cont ’d ) to new beginning ! jonathan thing be go to get better after all ! they raise they hand in preparation for a '' high five . '' 131 132 133 134 135 108 . richard let 's live out we very own fairy tale ! they slap five . whistle grow louder . something from the sky . Jonathan and Richard look up . they happy animated smile transform to stunne dread . richard / jonathan ( unison ) oh shit . a huge flat rock like that of a roadrunner cartoon fall with blaze speed , squashes they with a huge bloody cartoon splat ! back to reality 131 Jonathan lean over the cliff , waste grin on he face . Richard turn toward he . jonathan let 's go home . ext . house - hour later - dusk 132 night be fall in the sky behind the house . int . live room - dusk 133 everything be silent . int . house - jonathan 's room - dusk 134 Jonathan , shirt soak in sweat , shaking a little , try to muster sobriety as he dial he cell . jonathan Jane ? intercutting - jane - in her apartment - same 135 jane hi Jonathan . i’11 get miles. 109 . jonathan thanks Jane . mile come to the phone . mile hi. jonathan how be you , buddy ? mile hi. jonathan how be everything ? mile good . jonathan that 's good . mile ( suddenly excited ) daddy take I in a helicopter yesterday , because he have to meet someone for lunch . Jonathan . crushed on the word '' daddy . '' mile ( cont ’d ) I be a only a little scared . jonathan mile . I be you daddy . Daniel be you stepfather . mile we could see the whole city . jonathan do you know that ? Jonathan 's eye be welling up but he fight it back . mile what ? jonathan Daniel be you step - father , mile . I be you father . Jane cross through the room in the b.g. , slip into a coat . 136 137 110 . jane say goodbye mile . we have to go . mile oh. jonathan promise I you will not forget that . okay mile ? please . mile I have to go . Mom say . jonathan ( as mile hang up ) okay mile . I love you . Jonathan slump on the edge of the bed , cell phone in he hand . he set he cell phone on the dresser next to he stethoscope . jonathan ( cont ’d ) I love you son . he pick it up , place the earpiece into he ear canal , press the chest - piece against he heart . there be nothing but silence . int . jonathan be room - thirty minute later - dusk -evening6 Jonathan lie on the bed , belt wrap tightly around he upper arm and a needle stick in he arm . his eye be just close as we go to ... jonathan Pov - the ceiling 137 slowly transform into a projection screen for the home movie play in he chemically alter mind . it 's a movie with Jonathan and mile , two year earlier , ona beach at water 's edge in the sun . image be dream-like . they play a game of tag . Jonathan deftly but barely escape mile 's touch . they be both laugh hysterically until he slip , and mile be suddenly upon he . mile voice sound distant , he say the same thing over and over and the sound of it fill Jonathan with joy . 138 139 111 . instead of '' I love you more than anything in the whole wide world , '' mile have he three year old 's shorthand : mile I love you in the whole wide world ... I love you in the whole wide world ... I love you in the whole wide world . mile and Jonathan roll in the sand at water 's edge , overcome by pure joy as a wave slap the shore and wash over they ... and then the screen in Jonathan 's mind bleed to black . int . hallway - hour later - night 138 Richard stand at the end of the hallway , stare . he walk toward we like he be try to be utterly silent . when he pass we we go to - richard 's Pov walk down the hall and into int . jonathan 's room - doorway - continuous 139 Richard stare through bloodshot eye at Jonathan . Jonathan be ghostly white with a syringe stick in he arm . he 's half on the bed and half off . he be not breathe . Richard turn away , rest he forehead against the door frame . richard I come to tell you I can not do this . he stay there a long moment . he walk to Jonathan , gently lift he foot off the floor and up onto the bed . he remove the syringe and belt from he arm . richard ( cont 'd ) there you go buddy . he look at he friend and walk out of the room . 140 141 112 . the SOUND of a digging shovel bring we to ... ext . house - night 140 Richard fill in a hole next to Tim and ron 's grave . sweating and breathe hard . this be the everything . the dream we see and deny , the darkness come to all of we that life within we , the day we all pretend will never come . Richard be the ultimate loneliness . the voice ... each day demand we create we whole world over , disguise the constant horror in a coat of many - color fiction ; we mask we past in the green of eden , pretend future 's shine fruit can sprout from the navel of this present waste . in faith we shall board we imagine ship , and sail among sacred island of the mad , till death shatter the fabulous star and make we real . fade out : int . house - live room - late night 141 deafen music . Richard chew a variety of pill like candy , wash they down with beer . Richard be painting . his movement be unnaturally jerky . what start as a copy of the little kid Bobby 's painting , which have be rip from its frame and tape to the wall , have grow into a huge twisted allegorical mural across the window of the live room . it be of himself , of he life and he end ... four mound of dirt , the end image of a man jump over the cliff . the caption of the mural be best friend forever and there be other smaller text weave into the mural : '' stick to you word '' and '' a deal 's a deal '' '' Ian + sylvia " and '' the last autonomous act '' and '' criminal & victim be the same '' and '' if this be cowardice what be courage ? '' richard ( v.o. ) we be lose and we be liar , we fill the hole . ( more ) 142 143 113. richard ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) lick it , suck it , smoke it , snort it , fuck it , eat it , kill it , push it down and it 's still there . we be the stroke , the follow through . this be it . this be the everything , the beginning middle and end . Richard be derange , he have enter a different zone of think and space and time ... int . police station - morning 142 boyde speak with another officer , ( steven , 50 , male ) . boyde well , I want to get in there , but I ' 1l need a warrant . steven be it drug ? boyde yes . and it have get out of control . it 's not recreational now . boyde think . boyde ( cont 'd ) what if I go to judge bendis and say they be deal . steven ( raise eyebrow , good idea ) that 's 11 work . Stevens nod . the phone ring . boyde pick it up . boyde ( cont 'd ) Police department . intercut int . tim 's loft / apartment - kitchen - portland - early 143 morning the woman , Lisa , we see at the beginning stand in Tim 's apartment , a cell phone press to she ear . she have open the envelope that Tim leave call '' Lisa 2 '' and she 's hold a note . Lisa be in total shock . 144 145 146 114 . woman ( voice quivering ) I need to speak to the Police . about Tim arthur . something he write . int . police station - morning 144 Laura boyde listen . by degree we see she expression digest and go dark as she try to comprehend what this Lisa be tell she . Stevens watch . boyde hang up and bolt out of the office . steven what ? ext . highway one - boyde 's vehicle 145 race past ... int . house - live room - fifteen minute later - morning6 Richard 's bloodstream coursing with a volatile mixture of chemical and alcohol . he be talk quietly to himself on the live room floor as he stare at he mural while listen to '' kyoko 's House '' by Philip Glass full blast . he hold he knee close to he chest and rock . his rock appear to be a way to not become ill , or stay on some line of think in he mind , or hold back some terrible pain be bear inside of he . the little boy 's painting be on the floor by he foot , as be Richard 's shoe and a bottle of wine . he look between the painting and the mural . hard bang on the door . he turn toward it . he try to say something but nothing come out . the door open . he turn , see boyde there . she walk in . she stop cold at the site of the mural . richard do you like it ? it be like she cannot take she eye off it . or speak . she scan the room . see the drug . 115 . richard ( cont 'd ) ( be : drug ) have some . with the music blast , and mural , she can feel the atmosphere in here , the darkness and vanish presence . boyde I need to know where you friend be . Richard start put on one of he shoe . boyde move to stereo , turn off the music . pure silence for a beat . the silence have it 's own hellish feel . boyde stare at Richard . richard be you here to save I ? Richard take a large slug from the wine bottle . hold it up for boyde . she shake she head . Richard put the bottle down , look at the little boy 's painting , pick it up , hold it up to she . richard ( cont ’d ) can this keep I alive all by itself ? can you ? you have love inside of you . I could have ... ( beat ) I could have ... never ... never ... boyd be shocked by he state . Richard gather himself ... a little . richard ( cont ’d ) but my friend ... I love they . but after awhile , do you even know they ? when you get suck down into you life , you do not . Richard stop and the world blur . richard ( cont ’d ) do you feel time racing ? I feel it . you be a woman , I know you do . how would we really know if it be move faster ? would you ? Richard close he eye . richard ( cont ’d ) I be closer ... 116 . he move towards she , Richard look at the rag piece of paper , with he friend write , stare at he . on the table , pick it up . richard ( cont ’d ) ( then ) I love they . I think about they when I be weak but it only make I feel weaker because ... she look at he red eye , bloody . richard ( cont ’d ) ... because you can not have the past back . no nono ... and they remind I of the past . so I reject they ... every time we be together none of we be present . wasted . always waste . Richard drink from the wine bottle . richard ( cont ’d ) we do not do what we say we would do . he toss the bottle aside . richard ( cont ’d ) maybe all this ... ( what have happen here ) ... be we way of say we remember what we use to feel . ( beat ) that mean something , do not it ? he start put on he other shoe . richard ( cont ’d ) you wanna know where my friend be ? they be dead . they be in the back . buried beneath the sand . when the word hit boyde it 's like something in she deflect they , or push they away . the unspeakable truth . she look at he . richard ( cont ’d ) I be surprised you do not notice before . what kind of cop be you anyway ? I mean you walk out there . remember ? 147 148 149 117 . boyde 's face change ... by degree she expression grow darker ... richard ( cont ’d ) here 's one : Jimmy swaggart call up billy Graham and say , '' billy , can prostitute be save ? '' and billy say , with religious fire in he voice , '' Jimmy ... every single one of we can be save . '' and Jimmy say to billy , '' good , then save I one for Saturday night . '' Richard laugh to himself . boyde look between Richard and the back door . richard ( cont ’d ) I be go to make you now a light for the whole world . I swear to you that I be not lie . ext . beach house - back patio - night 147 boyde step outside . smolder ember on Jonathan 's grave . she walk toward it , tentatively . she see char remnant of wallet , credit card and clothes , cash , toothbrush , shoe over the outline of three man-size grave . boyde 's face undergoe lethal transformation . disbelief . fear. nausea . realization . she buckle , put she hand on she knee , there be not enough air ... she rise and boyde suddenly hear a motor revving --- int . beach house - night 148 - boyde burst inside , bolt through the empty live room to the front door . ext . beach house - front yard - night 149 boyde see the porsche tear out of driveway , run and jump into she squad car , race after Richard 's car ... 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 118. ext . porsche - moving - 150 tail light of the porsche blow by , heading toward the ocean , the road loom in the distance . int . boyde 's squad car - moving 151 she gun she engine to keep up . her eye be shocked and moist ... ext . highway - 152 boyde 's squad car blows by race after Richard 's porsche ... int . richard 's porsche - moving fast 153 Richard , dead stare , wine bottle stick between he knee . over he shoulder we see he approach the hill , the same rise epic view of he painting , the end of the world . ext . pt . sur lighthouse 154 the porsche enter the awe inspiring vista , the road lead to the top of the lighthouse . int . squad car - boyde 's face 155 boyde see where he be head , the high point of the coast . int . porche - same 156 Richard be look out the dangerous cliff side , right outside he window , he yell in a gutteral release ext . porsche - winding road - pt . sur lighthouse 157 we see how close to the edge and dangerously high we be go . int . squad car - boyde 's Pov 158 the porsche disappear around the wind road , up the hill . 159 160 161 162 163 119 . int . porsche - same 159 Richard see something up ahead ... ext . the two car 160 Racing . one behind the other . up the hill , to the top . int . porsche - same 161 Richard 's eye be wide and burn . intense . focus . scare . the nose of the car climb toward the top of the horizon line . Beyond that all there be , only the sky . Richard skid to a stop . at the edge of the cliff . we see it as he do . the top of the coast , the end of the world , exactly like the boy' painting int . squad car - boyde 162 her face ashen , as she approach and see Richard 's car . ext . pt . sur lighthouse - 163 boyde 's heart be racing . she get out . walk towards the still idling porsche , ominously perch near the edge , a small thin fence it 's only defense to a 300 foot plunge . boyde know this place very well . it 's she place , she domain . her ability to see everything from this vantage point be now turn back to she . she walk to the car door , slightly ajar and peer inside the darken window - she slowly open it . it be empty . and look down , on the seat , she 's a piece of small tatter piece of paper . the note she read it , the word sink she , clarity overwhelming she , the world turn upside down . 164 120 . the end of the pact , the final friend . boyde oh my god. ext . pt . sur lighthouse 164 boyde run , up the hill , past the steep descend wooden stair and look in the distance as richard - walk towards the edge of the bluff , the sea and world beneath he , endless and infinite . Richard look over at boyde . her worst fear be see , realize . they stare at each other . Richard take a large pull off the wine bottle . throws it off into the sea Richard look out at the sky , the ocean . up at the world . look down at he . then he look at she . she see he . witnesses it . walk slowly towards he , palm unfurl . Richard stare at she . his eye be welling up . he fight this urge . he move closer , the world and wind , swirling . his foot be inch from the edge . she slowly come even closer . no word , only this gesture , the simple one man have ever know . it be subtle , small , instinctive . she slowly begin to open she arm towards he . and he see this and turn away , look out to the sea . richard it ’s...so ... fuck ... beautiful . boyde do not take she eye off Richard . Richard look back from the cliff . 121 . and into she eye . richard ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) and I be so goddamm scared . but in this fire in he eye , she know . she slowly shake she head , it do not have to come to this . officer boyde no , Richard . he smile a beautiful smile at she . richard I would miss my friend too much . ( beat ) and a deal 's a deal . he look over at boyde . he close he eye , and breathes . Inside where he know the view , the end . richard ( cont ’d ) so I do not ... so I do not have to see . Richard open he eye . Wide . he move to jump - officer boyde do not ! boyde suddenly rush towards he ... they eye lock ... one split second . the world stop . Richard leap off of the cliff . and sail into the sky ... and drop out of sight ... she stare toward the cliff . silence . except for the sound of wave crash below . she hesitates , then walk to the edge . she stop . she do not look down . she just stare straight out to the sea . 165 122. then , slowly , she turn she eye toward the approach night sky , feel that she be the only person leave at the end of the world . fade out . title : the beginning dissolve to - the graduation ceremony - slow motion 165 we be at the beginning , in 1984 , move behind the silhouette of the four guy , around the back to the beginning . Richard , ron , Jonathan and Richard come into focus , laugh in they graduation gowns amid the celebration . they look into one another 's smile eye . they throw they arm around each other in a joyous group embrace , inadvertently lose they balance and tumble over fold chair to the ground , laugh , stumbling , fall all the way to the end .