i'll see you in my dream written by brett Haley & Marc basch pink revision 03-16-2014 full blue revision 03-07-2014 production draft 02-25-2014 1a int . carol be house - bedroom - morning 1 carol petersen ( 70 ) wake up to she alarm , the clock digit show 6:00 sharp . a golden retriever dog be at the foot of she bed . he lift he head as she respond to the alarm . Carol sit up in bed and the dog follow she movement , turn he head , both of they move slowly . she pet the dog . carol hey , hazel . you sleep any better last night ? int . carol be house - side door entry —- morning 1a Carol remove hazel 's leash from a coat hook and attaches it to hazel 's collar before go out the door . ext . walking path - day 2 Carol , look groggy but dress in sharp - look jogging clothes , walk the dog through she neighborhood . the dog be hesitant and Carol need to cajole the dog into motion with each stop . Carol 's neighbor mike ( late 70 / early 80s ) approach , walk he dog , and stop . the two dog nuzzle each other in a familiar way . mike hey you . carol hey Mike . mike how 's hazel ? carol do not know . I do not like the look of he this morning . he 's be have some rough night . walk funny . mike goddamn cancer . carol he do not complain . he act like nothing 's go on . 10 mike he sure look chipper right now . carol he 's chat with he buddy . mike ( pause to look at Carol ) you be he buddy , Carol . int . carol be house - day 3 we see the inside of Carol 's home , which be extremely clean and tidy . we see some photograph in she live room : Carol and a handsome man , at a table , smile . Carol and the same man on a boat . and a young , beam Carol in a black and white photo , circa 1960s , sing in a folk duo . int . carol 's house - dine area - morning 4 Carol sit at a table drink coffee . she have a New York Times in she hand . hazel be in the room with she , stand face the wall , wag he tail while he eat he breakfast . int . carol 's house - kitchen - morning 5 Carol take some pill and vitamin with water . scene omitted 6 ext . carol 's house - pool - day 7 Carol water some of she plant . hazel sleep poolside . scene omitted 8 ext . carol 's house - pool - day 9 Carol eat a sandwich by she pool . she give hazel a piece of sandwich . ext . retirement community golf course - day 10 Carol hit a ball with a club while she friend sally ( 65 ) watch . 10a 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 sally Nice shot , Carol . int . sally house - live room - day 10 a Carol play bridge as have a laugh with a group of friend . scene omitted 11 scene omitted 12 int . carol be house - bedroom - night 13 Carol sit on the bed and watch tv with a glass of wine . hazel lie next to she in bed . scene omitted 14 scene omitted 15 int . carol be house - bedroom - dawn 16 Carol wake up before the alarm go off , as if she 's hear something . the clock say 5:20 . hazel be not in bed with she . Carol get out of bed and go look for the dog , call for he . we stay on the empty bed . carol ( 0.s. ) hazel ? hazel ? Carol sigh as she find the dog . carol ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , hazel . you not feel so good ? int . animal hospital - exam room - day 17 Carol sit in a chair beside she dog in a euthanasia room . Carol 's eye be red-rimme , exhaust . she lean over hazel and embrace he , stroking he fur . she take he paw , which be wrap in medical tape and fitte with a iv catheter . carol I guess this be goodbye , boy , but the hell if I know what to say . 17a 18 close up on the dog 's face . the dog pants and he eye be glaze over . carol ( cont 'd ) I should say you be go to a better place , should not I ? nothing but doggy . ( pause ) maybe you do not wanna hear about that . maybe you better just wait and see . ( she take a deep breath ) I be just gonna sit with you as long as they let I . Carol sit in silence and look fondly at the dog . a vet open the door and Carol look up . Carol know it 's time . int . animal hospital - exam room - day 17a close up on Carol 's face as the vet administer the injection , which we hear but do not see . while the vet speak , Carol pet hazel . vet ( softly ) I be give he the sedative now . he may close he eye . ( pause ) okay . now he 's very relaxed . ( pause ) I be go to inject the pentobarbital . this will stop he heart . after a long pause the vet put on a stethoscope and listen for a heartbeat . vet ( cont 'd ) his heart have stop . ( pause ) I be very sorry . take as much time as you need . the vet leave the room . Carol sit with hazel . int . carol 's car ( ext . animal hospital ) - day 18 Carol , wear sunglass to hide tear , head to hear car and get in . she start she car . '' I never dream '' by the cookie be on the radio . Carol let it play and drive off . 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ext . neighborhood STREET - day 19 Carol drive down a quaint neighborhood street . ext . carol 's house - STREET - day 20 Carol pull next to she house . int . carol 's car ( ext . carol 's house - STREET ) - day 21 Carol sit in she car . '' I never dream '' continue to play . Carol just sit there , listen to the song . int . carol be house - side door entry - day 22 Carol walk in she house . she have hazel 's leash in she hand . she look at it and hang it up by the door . int . carol be house - kitchen - day 23 Carol pour herself a glass of white wine . she pause , then add a bit more . she have a sip and take a deep breath . int . carol be house - live room - day 24 Carol be sit in she live room . she have another sip of she wine . she look around . the house feel big and empty . all the light be off . Carol hear a rustling nearby . she look over , then stand up and take a few tentative step toward the sound . at first she see nothing , and then see the snout of a small animal poke out from behind a cabinet . it stop move at the sound of Carol 's footstep . Carol stare in shock , unable to speak . the animal then come out from the cabinet and scuttle along the wall . it be a rat . Carol scream at the top of she lung and run out of the live room . ext . carol 's house - pool - day 25 Carol run to the back door and open they , finally get outside . Carol , shake by the whole incident , look in the door to see if she can see the rat . 26 ext . carol 's house - pool - day - later 26 Carol , have nodd off on she outdoor couch , wake up . she look over to see lloyd ( early 30 ) , a pool guy , stand there with all of he pool clean gear . he have a pair of headphone on . he pull the headphone down around he neck when he see Carol stare at he . lloyd afternoon . ( pause ) you okay ? carol okay ? lloyd you seem ... carol what ? be you say you think I be dead ? lloyd no , not that . sorry . Lloyd begin unload he gear by the pool , try to avoid the conversation . carol because I be a old person and I have my eye close . lloyd I be just make sure you be okay . carol no , I be not okay . I be terrible . Lloyd just stare at she , unsure of what to say next . carol ( cont 'd ) who be you ? it be always another guy . richie ? Lloyd have already move to the edge of the pool and begin set up he clean gear . lloyd richie , uh , move on . he have a difference of opinion with the owner . I be the new guy . carol okay , clean away , new guy . she begin to open the door to go back inside , then hesitates and shut it . Lloyd put he headphone on and begin assemble he gear to clean the pool , then pause and remove the headphone . lloyd you do not look that old , by the way . I mean , I be not worried because you look old . carol ( distract ) you always gotta assume the worst . do not worry about it . Lloyd put he headphone back on . Carol peer into the house and then look back at Lloyd . carol ( cont 'd ) um ... excuse I ? Lloyd remove he headphone . lloyd what 's that ? carol I be sorry . I ... can I ask you a favor ? 27 int . carol be house - live room - day 27 Carol wait on pin and needle while Lloyd search for the rat . carol do you see anything ? lloyd I ... do not . carol keep look . check behind the curtain . lloyd sorry , I do not see it . maybe it 's go . carol oh god . he 's probably go to reappear the second you leave . lloyd maybe you should call , like , a exterminator ? Carol give he a look and cautiously enter the house . carol I can not imagine where it come from . I have not even see a mouse in year . I think my dog must have keep they away . but a rat ... it be black . like a bad omen . lloyd so where 's the dog ? carol ( blankly ) I have to put he down today . lloyd oh. jeez , I be sorry . Carol do not respond . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I should probably , uh , get back to work . carol yes , I be sorry . thank you ... ( wait for he name ) lloyd Lloyd . carol Lloyd . I be Carol . Lloyd nod and half smile . lloyd uh ... I 'il be right outside if the rat come back . Carol nod and Lloyd head out . 28 29 30 31 32 int . carol be house - dine area - day 28 Carol be read at she dining room table with a new glass of wine . Lloyd knock on the door . lloyd ( through the window ) all set ! Carol smile and wave . as Lloyd walk away she just sit there , alone in the house . scene omitted 29 int . carol be house - bedroom - morning 30 Carol wake up to she alarm , the clock digit show 6:00 sharp . int . carol be house - side entry —- morning 31 Carol head for the door , dress in she usual walk outfit . Carol walk out the door , leave hazel 's leash in it 's spot on the wall . ext . walking path - day 32 Carol walk along the sidewalk . Mike approach with he dog . mike you be gonna tell I some bad news , be not you . when I do not see you guy yesterday ... Carol , petting he dog , nod . carol yep . mike I be sorry , Carol . it 's hard . you should be thankful that you be able to do that for he . Carol say nothing . she be not choke up but she do not want to talk about it . mike ( cont 'd ) Carol , if you ever need anything ... 33 34 35 36 37 10 . carol thanks Mike . int . carol 's house - dine area - day 33 Carol sit at she table drink coffee with a copy of the New York Times nearby . she have the yellow page open to a '' exterminator '' page . int . carol be house - kitchen - day 34 Carol take some pill and vitamin with water . ext . carol 's house - pool - day 35 Carol water some of she plant by she pool . ext . carol 's house - pool - day 36 Carol eat a salad by she pool . int . carol be house - kitchen - day 37 Carol and the exterminator walk through the kitchen towards the live room . exterminator I suspect this be a black rat or what we call a roof rat . very common in Southern California . carol where do you think it come from ? exterminator they be everywhere . they live in the tree ... they be all over the city . carol okay . exterminator you would never see sign of they before ? rodent dropping , gnaw mark on bag of pet food , anything like that ? they love dog food . 38 39 40 4l 42 43 11 . carol no. exterminator and you have not see it since yesterday ? Carol shake she head . exterminator ( cont ’d ) well , I have my doubt that the rodent be inhabit you house . I check the whole perimeter for point of entry and I be not see any hole and there be no sign of colonization . I will set a few trap to make sure but I think what we have here be a isolate incident . ext . carol 's house - pool area - day 38 Carol open a garbage can lid and throw away a half - empty bag of dog food . scene omitted 39 int . carol be house - bedroom - night 40 Carol watch some tv with a glass of wine . scene omitted 41 int . carol be house - bedroom - morning 42 Carol wake up to she alarm , 6:00 . int . carol 's house - dine area - day 43 Carol sit at a table read the New York Times . the phone ring . int . carol be house - kitchen - day Carol walk into she kitchen and pick up the cordless and look at the caller id with a puzzle expression , then press the button and put the phone to she ear . 12 . carol hello ? katherine ( 0.s. ) hi Mom . it 's Katherine . carol I see you name on the thing ... be everything okay ? katherine ( 0.s. ) just check in ... I hear about hazel , Mom . carol how on earth do you hear that ? katherine ( 0.s. ) rona send I a e-mail . carol since when do you and rona e-mail ? katherine ( 0.s. ) we e-mail , mom . we be friend on Facebook . I have know she my whole life . carol you never e-mail I . katherine ( 0.s. ) you do not ever use the computer . carol and you e-mail rona of all people ? how do she find out ? katherine ( 0.s. ) she do not say . Mom , I be just ... so sorry . it 's just terrible news . what happen ? carol when I get up yesterday he be just ... he could not walk . I carry he to the car myself . they say the cancer have spread everywhere . his spine . you could tell ... look at he eye ... it be time . katherine ( 0.s. ) you do not ask for help ? 13. carol why . what for ? katherine ( 0.s. ) should you even be carry thing like that ...? heavy thing ... carol he be a dog , kath . not a thing . and it be five in the morning . katherine ( 0.s. ) I just think you have a weight limit , after the back injury , when be that ... do not you have surgery ? carol no , I do not have surgery . katherine ( 0.s. ) you do not ? I think - you back - carol I see a chiropractor . I also play golf , I swim , I carry my own grocery . I clean this house . I ... not that you have know , anyway . when be you last here ? right after 9/11 I think it be ? katherine ( 0.s. ) I have be there since then . carol no , no ... I think that be the last time . you could not stand the smell or something and so you come out here . katherine ( 0.s. ) Mom . I come down there to be with you . it be like go through what happen with dad all over again - carol you spend two week watch CNN and talk to you boyfriend on you cell phone and never the leave the house . katherine ( 0.s. ) everybody be that way when that happen . 44 45 46 14 . carol well , that be the last time you be here . every other time I have come out there . do you ever even meet hazel ? silence on the line . carol ( cont 'd ) ( conciliatory ) okay , never mind - I do not ... I do not mean to be ... how do you put it ? '' guilt trip '' you ? katherine ( 0.s . ) okay . I have gotta go , Mom . I be sorry about hazel . I hope you be do okay . carol the house feel empty without he but I be okay . thanks . katherine ( 0.s. ) okay . Love you . the phone line click as Katherine hang up on the other end . Carol look at the phone and click it off and set it on the counter . a beat later the phone ring again and she pick it up on the first ring . carol ( irritate ) what .... yes it be .... ( long pause , then quietly ) thank you . yes . I 'il be by later . ext . animal hospital - day 44 Carol exit the hospital carry a paper bag . scene omitted 45 int . grocery store - vitamin area - day 46 Carol browse the shelf , pick up bottle and lift a pair of read glass to she eye to read the label . the scene have a tone of eavesdropp on Carol . store clerk May I help you find something ? 15 . carol I be not sure . store clerk look at Carol patiently . carol ( cont 'd ) I just want to be sure I be get enough of everything . store clerk be you take supplement now ? carol I take a multivitamin ... I take vitamin c. calcium . I take some thing a friend give I ... kelp ? store clerk ( patiently ) do you have any health issue you want to address ? Carol shake she head vigorously . carol no , no , it 's not ... store clerk okay , so let 's look at a few more basic . do you take any magnesium ? carol I be not sure . store clerk magnesium be a very good anti - inflammatory , very good for the smooth muscle and the joint . it 's a good all - around anti-age supplement . store clerk remove a bottle from the shelf and show it to Carol . store clerk ( cont 'd ) this one be very popular . Carol take the bottle and look at the clerk over she read glass . while they be talk , a man ( 70 ) be stand down the aisle from they with a unlit cigar in he mouth , listen but not look at they . 47 48 49 50 51 52 16 . store clerk ( cont 'd ) what about ... be you do a probiotic ? int . grocery store - vitamin area - day 47 Carol continue to look around , she basket now full of various bottle . she pick up a bottle and inspect it . the man with the unlit cigar come up to she as she browse . cigar man ( point at bottle ) you do not need all that . Carol look up to the man . cigar man ( cont ’d ) you be just right the way you be . the cigar man walk away and Carol just watch he go . scene omitted 48 int . carol be house - kitchen - day 49 Carol come home with shopping bag in hand . she place they on the counter . she reach into a paper bag and pull out a cardboard box . she inspect it . close up on the top of the box be a sticker that say '' hazel : cherish pet of carol petersen . '' she open the box and pull out a keepsake tin . int . carol 's house - live room - day 50 Carol head into the live room . she put hazel 's ash in the keepsake tin next to a very nice vase above she fireplace . ext . retirement community - day 51 Carol 's car pull into a retirement community . the sign read '' royal oak . '' ext . retirement community - day 52 Carol walk through the retirement community . older people walk around , mostly in group and pair . a few people sit in lawn chair outside of they apartment , chat . 53 17 . int . sally house - live room - day 53 Carol sit at a card table play bridge with three friend , rona , georgina , and sally , all in they early to mid-70 . a hand have be deal and the four woman be hold they card and rearranging they in they hand . Three of they be drink white wine , with the exception of Sally who be drink a can of budweiser . sally rona , do you see Jerry today ? at the pool ? rona Jerry who ? sally there 's only the one Jerry . rona there 's three jerrys ! georgina ( count on she finger ) Jerry Davis , Gerry Phillips , and Jerry Li . rona see ? georgina Gerry Phillips be Gerry with a G , though . do he count ? sally do you know who he be with ? rona which one ? sally Jerry Davis , for Christ 's sake . carol be we play card , girl ? you bid , georgina . georgina one spade . rona pass. 18 . carol one no trump . sally pass . georgina two no trump . rona pass . carol ( think about it ) Three no trump . rona I be feel good tonight , girl . you guy be not win tonight , I can tell you that . Sally laugh . sally pass . georgina pass . the girl start arrange they card . rona so who the who hell be he with ? sally who ? rona Jerry Davis . sally oh right . Jerry be with Karen . and I could have swear she be do you - know - what to he in the pool . georgina Sally ! sally not sex , georgie . I think she be just give he a little tug . Carol and rona laugh . georgina be shocked . 19 . georgina the language , Sally ! sally what language ? georgina ( shiver ) '' tug . '' sally how be that language ? I say '' tug . '' I do not say she be '' jerk he off . '' jeez ... georgina I do not like that kinda talk . rona you be so sensitive , georgie . georgina I would just rather not hear about Jerry Davis 's habit in the pool . rona that pool . it 's disgusting . too many people be in that pool . sally I love that pool . rona God know what 's in that pool . carol it do not seem particularly clean . sally like you pool 's a day spa . carol I have it clean once a week . georgina Carol , when be you gonna move in here ? a lady just pass on two cottage over . God rest she soul . rona that remind I - they have new brochure . I want you to see the new brochure , Carol . 20 . carol I do not want to see the new brochure . I already see the old brochure . rona I nil bring some by this week . sally yeah , Carol . you be miss out on all the action . carol I be very happy with my house , thank you . rona but that pool , Carol . carol what about my pool ? rona you be all alone there ! you could slip and fall and no one would be around to help you . you could drow in that pool . carol well , at least it have be clean . the girl laugh . some card play . georgina Carol , how 's hazel be feel lately ? Carol look at she . carol hazel ... he , uh ... ( look at rona , then look down at she card ) I have to put hazel down . all at once georgina and sally put they card down and utter hushed apology , '' oh , Carol , '' '' for Christ 's sake , why do not you tell we , '' etc . georgina when ? carol a couple day ago . 21 . rona that 's terrible , Carol . carol ( to rona ) do not act so surprised . rona what be you talk about ? carol do not play dumb , rona . kath tell I you tell she . how would you find out anyway ? rona Mike tell I . sally the guy with the dog ? you neighbor ? carol ( to rona ) well , be not you just cozy with everyone ? rona be hurt by this . Sally see it and jump in . sally she 's just upset , rona . rona of course she be . we all love hazel , Carol . georgina ( to Carol ) how be you hold up ? carol I be fine . I be sorry , ro . sally to hell with the card game . we should get good and drunk tonight . ( stand ) I be get another . and I get some of that medical marijuana ... georgina ( to Carol ) what be you go to do ? 22 . carol what do you mean ? georgina I do not know ... be you get another dog ? sally she 's in mourn , georgina . you can not just get a new dog right after . it 's not like she car die . rona I could not get another dog after my last one pass . it 's just too hard to replace they . georgina I just know you love that boy so much . Carol do not respond . the lady look at each other . georgina ( cont ’d ) we should do something . we should have a memorial or something . I can talk to my pastor . sally or maybe we can treat you to a nice dinner out someplace . carol look ... there 's nothing leave to do . he have a good life . even the cancer do not bother he . so I do not let it bother I either . I be fine . really . I be gonna play some golf , do we bridge game on wednesday , try to live a bit longer , and God willing I do not get the big a ... ( shrug ) ... and maybe someday I 'il get another dog . sally just a dog ? carol do not start with that . sally what ? 23 . carol the dating talk . the second husband talk . you could not pay I . sally but they do pay you . when they die . rona not always . sally and who 's say husband ? georgina maybe you could date somebody . carol maybe I could stick a fork in my eye . rona ( to georgina ) like you have date since Gary pass . georgina once you have have the best , who care about the rest . sally yeah , rona . not once you have have the best you go out and get another one and then another one and another one ... rona I have only be marry three time ! sally yeah , only three . carol I be with georgina . I be not interested and that 's that . sally jeez , Carol , come on . do not you ever think about it ? just somebody to go out with once in a while ... what about Mike ? carol what about he ? 24 . sally he 's cute . seem like a nice guy . rona I do not know . be not Mike a little ...old ? carol I be not ... I be not interested in anyone right now ... georgina you be in that big house . all alone . we worry about you . carol I be fine . sally guy ask about you all the time , Carol . you be a beautiful woman ! I can hook you up . I know everyone here . carol like it 's that simple . if it be that simple ... sally what ? you mean you gotta put out ? georgina ( shiver again ) like with Jerry in the pool . rona that 's not what she mean . carol I just mean I do not like my life all complicated . hazel 's go , but I like my life the way it be . it 's easy . I know where everything be . Carol look at everyone . everyone be look at she . carol ( cont 'd ) never mind . be we play card , girl ? let 's play some card . 54 int . carol be house - bedroom - morning 54 the alarm go off . Carol wake up and get out of bed . 55 56 25 . ext . retirement community golf course - day 55 close on : a ball on a tee . a club hit the ball . Carol watch she shot as it drive down the fairway . she clearly know what she 's do with a golf club . Sally be watch as well . sally what a shot , Carol ! wow . ext . retirement community golf course - day 56 Sally put and miss . Carol stand on the green nearby . sally ( after miss shot ) let 's just have the maximum shot count be ten , for Christ 's sake . carol the shot count be however many stroke it take you to get the ball in the hole . sally ( walk to she ball ) golf talk be so sexual - sounding be not it ? ball , hole , stroke ... carol just count up you shot , Sally . and be honest . sally what be this , the pga ? carol yeah , the senior-senior tour . Sally laugh and put again . she sink the put . sally that mean I score a thirteen on this one ... carol oh fine . Max score can be ten . sally that 's my girl . 57 int . retirement community clubhouse - day a bunch of elderly people be sit around have and enjoy themselves . Sally be at a table with Carol after they game . sally you want a drink ? carol it 's early . and I be drive . sally I do not hear a no . a waitress approach . sally ( cont 'd ) a Bud and a glass of chardonnay for this one . thanks , dear . 26 . 57 drink as Sally order , Carol look out the window to see the cigar man from the vitamin store talk to a few gentleman at a table on the patio . he still have a unlit cigar in he mouth and seem to be in charge of the conversation . after the waitress leave Sally turn around and spot what Carol be look at . sally ( cont 'd ) he 's handsome . carol what ? sally that guy . carol which one ? the cigar man laugh and have a sip of he whiskey . look at Carol as if to say , '' you know which one . '' carol ( cont 'd ) I have see he before . he talk to I at the store the other day . sally really ? he talk to you . carol yeah ... Sally sally what do he say ? carol something about I be just fine the way I be ... sally be you kid I ? carol I do not remember . sally oh my god . he 's sexy , Carol . he must be new . I can find out . Sally stand to head over and Carol stop she , make she sit back down . carol do not go over there . sally look at you , like a nervous schoolgirl . what be you afraid of ? Carol just make a disapprove face . sally ( cont 'd ) why do not you come with I tomorrow night to this speed dating thing - carol I be not do that . sally c’mon , Carol . they do it right inside the clubhouse . it 'il be good for you . it 's fun . carol I will bet . sally you meet some fella , you talk a little . it 's not even dating . it 's just socialize . it 's no big deal . ( point to the cigar man ) maybe he 'il be there . 58 59 60 61 28 . Carol look up to see the cigar man look at she . they lock eye for a moment and then the waitress come with drink . Carol look away . ext . carol 's house - pool - day 58 Carol have a glass of wine by she pool . it 's clear that she 's have a few since she date with Sally . she notice something at she pool and head over . she look in the pool and see that the automatic clean device be not move . she make a face . int . carol be house - kitchen - day 59 Carol be on the phone . carol okay .... thank you . ext . carol 's house - pool - day 60 the clean device be back in the pool , rove around . lloyd like new . carol thank you . what be the problem ? lloyd um ... they tend not to work so well when they come unplugge . Carol shake she head , know how silly the problem be . carol ah ... lloyd you mind if I use you bathroom ? int . carol be house - live room - day 61 Lloyd come out of the bathroom and see Carol 's picture . he focus on the one of she in a folk band . he look more closely to see a young carol with a handsome man in a black and white photo from the sixty . they have instrument in they hand . carol ( 0.s. ) Long time ago . 29 . Lloyd look up to see Carol stare at the photo with he . lloyd oh , sorry . carol it 's fine . lloyd you be a musician ? Carol nod she head . carol I be in a folk duo . that be in New York , a million year ago . we use to play in the Village . I sing . lloyd that you husband ? close on : the photo and the handsome man with he arm around Young Carol . they pose and look of contentment suggest that they be together . carol no . that 's John . lloyd oh. carol my husband come later . Bill . Carol indicate another photo , the one we see earlier of Carol and a older man , they arm around each other , smile . lloyd I use to be in a band ... carol oh ? lloyd I sing , too . if you can call it that . carol where be you in a band ? 30 . lloyd Austin . I just move back here , so ... carol what bring you back ? lloyd I grow up in the Valley . Austin do not work out . carol ( knowingly ) I be sure you be better off without she . lloyd right now it feel like it 's the other way around . ( smile ) you be pretty smart for a old lady . carol you have family here ? lloyd yeah . I be stay with my mom . Carol look at he as if reassess he while try not to appear to be do so . he 's a little old to be live back at home . lloyd ( cont ’d ) temporarily . carol Friends ? lloyd not really . not anymore , no . carol you want a drink ? I be about to open a bottle of wine . well , another bottle . lloyd I be still on the clock . carol oh come on . my dog just die . pretend to have a drink with I . 62 31 . int . carol 's house - dine area - day 62 Carol pop open a bottle and begin pour Lloyd a glass . carol you want just a little or you want the full treatment ? lloyd fill ‘er up . she do the same for herself and lift she glass . carol cheer , Lloyd . lloyd cheer . they touch glass and have a sip . Lloyd shake he head , enjoy the wine . lloyd ( cont 'd ) this be really good . carol I think so , too . so what kind of music do you sing ? lloyd the close I get to sing anymore be karaoke night at the bar . carol huh. lloyd but lately I have be write some song . carol so you be a songwriter ? lloyd no ... but I study poetry in college . this be sort of the same thing . carol you mean you go to school to write poetry ? 32 . lloyd yeah . b.f.a . carol Bet you parent love you for that . lloyd yeah . hence the pool guy getup . carol no one 's hire poet , huh ? lloyd not currently . not for like the past ten year . Lloyd smile . there 's a awkward silence . lloyd ( cont 'd ) but someday I 'il have a lot of good poem about ... pool . Carol laugh . carol I bet you will . lloyd but it seem like - I mean , you be in a real group . carol for a bit , yeah . that gentleman in the picture play guitar . lloyd the one who 's not you husband . carol right . john. lloyd John be pretty handsome . carol he certainly have a way about he ... lloyd you divorced , or ? carol my husband ? he die . 63 33 . they each have another sip of wine . ext . carol 's house - pool - evening 63 time have pass and another bottle have be open . Carol and Lloyd be both a bit tipsy . they share a big laugh . carol well , I guess they set it up so you meet a new person every few minute or something . it sound awful . lloyd well , it 's a experience , right ? carol I do not know . lloyd it might be fun . why not ? Carol think it over and have another sip of wine . carol ( to herself , tipsy ) yeah , why not ... Lloyd smile at Carol . lloyd ( check he phone ) I gotta run . get to meet my mom for dinner . carol oh sure . sorry I keep you . lloyd be you kid ? I have a great time . you be a good drink buddy . carol you be sweet to say that . lloyd ( go to gather he gear ) I be not just say it . Carol smile while Lloyd go to gather he gear . as he 's get it together he look back at Carol . lloyd ( cont 'd ) hey , what happen to that rat ? 64 34 . carol it ... leave . I think . the guy say it be a '' isolate incident . '' whatever that mean . Lloyd nod . there be some silence between they . lloyd you know , do you wanna ... hang out some time ? Carol look at Lloyd . lloyd ( cont 'd ) not like that . I mean ... Lloyd gesture helplessly . lloyd ( cont 'd ) like this . but not here . I mean we should go out . Carol raise she eyebrow . lloyd ( cont 'd ) not ... not ... go out . I just mean , if you be interested , maybe we could go do karaoke or something ? I have love to see you get up there and knock ‘em dead . Carol laugh . carol we will see . lloyd okay . cool . Lloyd head out . Carol sit for a beat and then finish she wine by the pool . int . retirement community - lobby - day 64 close on : a paper flyer that say '' speed date - this Way '' with a arrow . Carol and Sally enter the common room . several woman be sit on one side of a long table with pitcher of iced tea and drink glass fill . a few other woman be stand up and talk . the other side of the table be empty . carol there be no man here . 35 . sally they 'il be here . trust I . carol I can not believe I agree to this . sally hey , you call I . carol I be drunk . my decision - make skill be at a extreme low . the woman who run the speed dating be leslie hansen ( 60 ) . Leslie tap a spoon on a glass . leslie welcome everyone . welcome . let 's settle in . the few woman still stand find they seat . Carol and Sally end up seat remotely from each other . as Leslie talk we see the woman watch she and listen , but Carol be watch the other woman , look around nervously . Carol seem to already regret she decision . leslie ( cont 'd ) I see some familiar face , some new face ... this be go to be really fun . ( point ) the '' boy '' be wait in the next room , and in a just a minute we will open the door and they be go to come in ... and we will begin . Carol lean back and look to Sally , who be down the table . Sally lean back to look at she . carol ( to Sally ) they be gonna unleash they on we like the bull in Pamplona ? leslie each '' date '' be five minute long , and then we shift down the table to the next date . when I tap the spoon ( tap spoon on glass ) - that 's you thirty - second warning that it 's time for the man to shift to the next chair . ( more ) 36 . leslie ( cont 'd ) that 's when you want to start think about exchange information , if that 's something you want to do . okay ? be we ready ? no one answer . the woman just look around . leslie ( cont 'd ) oh come on ! we can not do better than that ? be you ready ? a few audible '' yeah 's '' and '' yes 's '' be hear . a woman pick up she iced tea and sip it . leslie ( cont 'd ) that 's more like it ! the door be open and a dozen older man come stream out into the room and sit down at the table across from the lady . the cigar man be not among they . Carol give Sally a look that say '' shoot I now . '' leslie ( cont 'd ) ( tap spoon on glass ) let the dating begin ! the table instantly become a sea of chatter as the man begin talk to the lady . old guy 1 , a bald man with a rim of white hair and a sweet face , be seat across from Carol . his name tag say '' Carl . '' old guy 1 hello . Carol , huh ? that 's funny . Carol look puzzle . old guy 1 ( cont 'd ) Carol , Carl . Carol notice he name tag . carol ah . old guy 1 you first time here ? carol yes. 37 . old guy 1 same . I have have some girlfriend , but I be look for someone , you know , special . to go to the movie , have a nice dinner out ? that 's a dime a dozen . but someone who 's there for you all the time , to go on walk every day , you know , a companion . Carol nod . awkward silence . old guy 1 ( cont ’d ) so what kind of interest do you have ? carol ( lean forward ) interest ? old guy 1 yeah . like ... carol like what do I like to do ? old guy 1 yeah . Carol have to think about this for a moment . carol you mean by myself , or with other people ? old guy 1 either one . Carol look bewilder . she pour herself some iced tea . carol how about you tell I about you interest . Old guy 1 look confuse . Carol grab she glass of iced tea . old guy 1 I guess my interest right now be you . carol I think I be ... 65 38 . Leslie tap she spoon on glass . Carol flinch , look towards she . leslie thirty second ! prepare to shift ! carol Jesus Christ . Old guy 1 look expectantly at Carol and Carol ignore he until the woman tap the spoon on she glass again . Old guy 1 smile and nod goodbye and stand , as do the rest of the man , and shift to the next chair . old guy 2 sit down . old guy 2 I be gonna cut to the chase here . be that okay ? Carol look at he , suddenly interested . this guy be intrigue . old guy 2 ( cont ’d ) sex be still very important to I . carol okay . old guy 2 and if we be to go out I would like to get right to it , if you know what I mean . we do not have much time leave - no offense . int . retirement community - lobby - day 65 the follow montage be quick cut of older man talk to Carol as they speed date . begin montage : old guy 3 I just move here from Florida . it 's so cold here . the night ! so frigid . no one tell I you have to carry a sweater around with you at all time in California . nothing like the postcard ! old guy 4 the most important thing be that you be around all of the time . ( more ) 66 39 . old guy 4 ( cont 'd ) I be not look to spend the rest of my life away from a beautiful woman like you . I want to be around you . all of the time . old guy 3 and it 's too cold indoors . this ac be out of control , like what , they be try to refrigerate we ? I be tell you , you have to carry a sweater with you wherever you go . old guy 5 Barry manilow be come to town and who do not love Barry manilow . old guy 2 the other stuff be important too , but sex be the most important . at we age - what do we have to lose ? what be I afraid of , herpes ? so I have herpes for a few year and then what , I be dead anyway . I mean , I do not have herpes , but I do not care if you do . let 's have some fun , huh ? old guy 4 if I be with you , I want you around I . the last woman I date - she be never around . she be always go to some bridge club or a movie , coffee with friend . I can not have that . be that so much to ask ? Leslie tap she spoon on a glass . end montage . ext . retirement community - day 66 Carol and Sally walk away from the Community Building . Carol be visibly dismay while Sally be try to appear upbeat . sally that be not so bad , right ? Carol stop walk . carol not so bad ? I live a long healthy life for this ? what the hell be I do in there ? 67 40 . some other speed dater be leave the building and cast look at they . sally oh , lighten up . carol do you talk to the herpes guy ? sally one of they have herpes ? carol no , he - he do not care if I do . Sally give a Carol a look . carol ( cont 'd ) this be upsetting . ext . grocery store - parking lot - day 67 Carol put the grocery in the trunk of she car . a car pull up behind she , a nice luxury car . the cigar man be drive and he honk the horn . this make Carol jump and turn around , perturb . she recognize cigar man and point at he . carol you ! cigar man me? carol what do you want ? cigar man I want to have lunch with you . what 's you name ? carol yes . cigar man you name be yes ? carol yes , I will have lunch with you . cigar man just like that ? 41 . carol how else would you like it to be ? the cigar man look at she as if think the question over seriously . a car behind he honk its horn . cigar man when ? carol ( shrug ) now . cigar man now ? carol I be hungry . cigar man wo not you grocery spoil ? just give I you number . i’11 call you and ask you out properly . carol you be on you way to a date right now . be that it ? the horn honk again . cigar man just give I you number . carol you do not have a pen and paper . cigar man well , we seem to be in a real bind here ... i’1l remember you number . carol oh yeah ? you brain still that sharp , huh ? cigar man try I . Carol look around and then back at the cigar man . the car behind cigar man honk again . carol 347-6558 . 42 . cigar man get it . be that you cell phone ? carol I do not have a cell phone . cigar man no ? okay , I ’1ll call you ... but who be I call ? carol Carol . cigar man Carol . it 's Bill . Bill drive off . she stand in the parking lot watch he drive away . carol ( to herself ) Bill ... Christ . 68 int . carol 's house - live room - day 68 Carol sit slouched on she couch watch tv with a glass of wine . she get up . 69 int . carol be house - kitchen - day 69 Carol go to the kitchen with she wine and pick up the phone , look for a number in she address book . she dial a number . carol hello , I - I be look for Lloyd ? ( wait ) ah. be he - ( she listen ) could I just leave a message ? 70 int . carol 's house - live room - day 70 Carol be slouched on the couch read a book . the phone ring and Carol pick up the cordless . carol hello ? 71 72 73 43 . lloyd ( 0.s. ) hey Carol - it 's Lloyd . get you message . everything okay with the pool sweep ? carol Lloyd . listen , Lloyd . any karaoke go on tonight ? lloyd ( 0.s. ) um - I be sure there be . somewhere . I could find a place . carol that sound nice ... silence on the other end . carol ( cont 'd ) hello ? lloyd ( 0.s. ) sorry , I be think . I be just make sure I do not have anything - be this like a date ? carol it 's whatever . do it matter ? lloyd ( 0.s. ) I guess not . carol so you will pick I up ? lloyd ( 0.s. ) yeah yeah yeah - carol what time ? ext . bar - evening 71 Lloyd and Carol walk into the bar . scene omitted 72 int . bar - evening 73 Lloyd and Carol enter the bar , which be on the empty side and look just like a regular dive bar . 44 , there be mostly man in the bar , drink alone . the karaoke have not start yet but a guy be finish set up the equipment . Lloyd and Carol sit at the bar . carol have you be here before ? Lloyd shake he head with a nervous smile . bartender what can I get you ? Lloyd gesture at Carol as if to let she order first . carol I will have whatever you be have . lloyd two modelo . Carol look over to the guy get the mic set up . the beer arrive and Carol lift the bottle . carol cheer . Lloyd clink bottle with she . Lloyd do not appear to be at ease and Carol seem to pick up on this . carol ( cont 'd ) this be good . I need this . lloyd Rough day at the office ? carol not exactly that . there be a awkward silence between they . lloyd guess we get here a little early . carol yeah . should not this be happy hour ? lloyd eh ... nowadays people do not go out until late . carol what time ? 74 45 . lloyd 10 , will .. carol even on a weeknight ? lloyd yeah . carol do not people have job ? lloyd not so much anymore ... Lloyd and Carol have a swig of beer . int . karaoke bar - night 74 a guy sing a karaoke song . Lloyd and Carol be still at the bar leaf through the notebook of karaoke song . the bartender come over with a apple martini for Carol . bartender there you go . carol thank you . Carol have a sip . carol ( cont 'd ) oh , this be good . ( to Lloyd ) this be good . lloyd yeah ? carol ( to bartender ) what do you make I ? bartender it 's uh ... a apple-tini . carol apple-tini . I be gonna write that down . Carol write down '' apple-tini '' on a coaster and put it in she purse . Carol go back to the karaoke notebook . she nod she head as if she 's find something . 75 46 . carol ( cont 'd ) I think I get one . lloyd yeah ? which one ? carol not tell . lloyd okay . carol yeah . I think I can do this one . now you . lloyd I know which one . carol already ? lloyd I always do the same tune . int . karaoke bar - night 75 Lloyd be in the middle of he song . he 's sing '' I think we be alone now '' by Tiffany . he sing passably well , perform the song goofily as if he have do it many time before . Carol watch with a smile . scatter applause when he 's finish . the place be fill up . he go back to Carol at the bar . carol that be good . lloyd thanks . carol ( look around ) look like that ten o'clock crowd be start to filter in . lloyd yeah . you ready ? do you put you name down ? carol yeah ... 76 47 . int . karaoke bar - night 76 Carol approach the stage , pick up the microphone . she look tentative at first but lift the microphone and begin to sing . the song be '' Cry I a River '' by diana krall . her voice waver over the first few line of the song , but by the first chorus she be kill it , and much of the chatter in the bar have quiete - people be lock into it . by the last chorus , random people be whooping and clap before she 's even finish . when she 's finish , whistle and cheer and generous clap . she return to the bar . Lloyd be look at she with new appreciation . lloyd Jesus , that give I goosebump . that be great . bartender set another apple martini on the bar . bartender on the house . Carol pick up the drink and have a big sip . her hand be tremble . carol look at I . I be shaking . bartender you can sing , lady . ( to Lloyd ) this you mom ? lloyd I wish . carol can we go ? lloyd already ? carol I gotta quit while I be ahead here , I think . lloyd you be definitely ahead . 77 78 48 . int . loyyyd car ( ext . carol 's house ) - night 77 Carol and Lloyd be park in front of Carol 's place . '' let 's be still '' by the head and the heart be play quietly on Lloyd 's car stereo . carol thank you for a lovely evening . Carol sit for a moment , then start to get out of the car . lloyd so how come you quit sing ? carol I do not remember why . I wake up one day and I be not sing anymore . thanks again , Lloyd . Lloyd nod . carol ( cont 'd ) you want some coffee ? Lloyd make a face , hesitant . carol ( cont 'd ) no , really , I be make coffee . do not be a asshole . lloyd okay . int . carol be house - live room - night 78 Lloyd and Carol drink coffee out of big , colorful , breakfasty - look mug , Carol sit on the couch and Lloyd in a easy chair . carol I do not even listen to music anymore . just in the car , maybe . lloyd why not ? carol I do not know . I still have all my old record right in there . Carol nod in the direction of a media cabinet . 49 . carol ( cont 'd ) I can not remember the last time I put one on . lloyd let 's fuck put one on right now . carol be my guest . Lloyd set down he coffee and go to the media cabinet and open the door . the cabinet be fill with lp record . in the middle be a old hi-fi with a turntable . Carol watch he move he index finger along the spine of the record . he pull out a record and turn on the hi-fi . lloyd this be a beautiful turntable . carol it be Bill 's . he be very picky about stereo equipment . Lloyd drop the needle on a billie holiday record . '' they can not take that away from I '' begin play . Lloyd listen to the song for a bit . Carol watch he thoughtfully . carol ( cont 'd ) what kind of plan do you have , Lloyd ? lloyd I be not in a plan-make place . carol no ? lloyd more like I be just try to sock some money away for now . carol you gotta be careful with that . it might be all you end up do . lloyd Fine by I . I have be try to figure out how to do it all my life . have not exactly work out so far . be that what you do ? carol something like that . 50 . lloyd ( head back to where Carol be ) so how have you earn you money ? carol I be a teacher . what they use to call a schoolteacher . lloyd what have you teach ? carol I teach all the class nobody else want to teach . like Health . and type . lloyd and you save up money and retire on that ? carol no. on Bill 's life insurance . I retire early when he die . lloyd so he die young . carol it be a accident ... a plane crash . it be a big news story for a long time after . a lot of people die . he be on a business trip . lloyd when be that ? carol twenty year ago this spring . you can Google it . be one of the big one . Lloyd be quiet for a moment , listen closely to the song . lloyd see , now hearing that make I want to live in the moment . screw the job . carol can not have it both way , huh ? lloyd I guess . 51 . Carol sip she coffee . carol you do not get it because you be young . you be look forward to everything . lloyd I sure do not feel like I be look forward to anything . carol a break - up can do that to you . lloyd well ... that happen , but I guess really I come back because of my mother . she 's get some health issue ... nothing serious , but I be here take care of she . I be not even sure she like have I around . my dad die a few year ago and I be just ... try to be responsible . try to do the right thing . my other sibling be ... busy , I guess . with kid and real job and hectic schedule and travel plan . Carol look at Lloyd for a beat . then : carol you be do the right thing , Lloyd . that 's a noble thing you be do . Lloyd shake he head . carol ( cont 'd ) just know that no matter what you do , everything 's gonna run together by the time you be 50 . lloyd yeah ? carol yeah . just - time go by quick . I do not know , maybe if my daughter have get marry , if I have some grandchild ... maybe that would have slowed thing down here and there . 52 . Carol sip she coffee again and make a face . carol ( cont 'd ) people talk about live in the moment , like it 's some kind of goal . but what do that even mean ? lloyd I think it just mean do not let yourself be weigh down by what you think you should be do , right ? carol that 's just ... impossible . there 's no such thing as that . lloyd sure there be . you do not feel it when you be sing ? carol feel what ? lloyd like you be only do that thing . you stop be aware of everything else . like everything wrong with you life just disappear . carol but people can spend they whole life do that , wait for that feel , try to find that feel over and over again ... lloyd I do not know . carol and in the end , everybody get it . we wait we whole life for something and we get it . and you know what it be ? lloyd happiness ? carol it 's death . 79 80 81 53 . Lloyd sip he coffee and nod , look very serious . Carol nod back at he , also look serious , then burst out laugh . int . carol 's house - bedroom - morning 79 Carol wake up to she alarm , the clock digit show 6:00 sharp . int . carol 's house - live room - morning 80 Carol walk into the live room , where Lloyd be asleep on the couch . carol rise and shine . Lloyd open he eye . he look befuddle . carol ( cont 'd ) you fall asleep and I do not know what to do . so I just leave you there . lloyd that billie probably lull I down . Carol do not say anything . Lloyd rub he eye and sit up . carol I 'il make you some coffee but then you should go . I ... I have to get on with my day here . Lloyd look at she , then look away . lloyd okay ... Carol awkwardly smile at he and go into the kitchen . Lloyd look around and start to gather he thing to head out . ext . carol 's house - STREET - morning 81 rona pull in front of Carol 's house , behind Lloyd 's car . she get out , suspicious of the vehicle . as she do Lloyd come barrel out of the house , head for he car . he see rona look at he as he do . he stop in he track , unsure of what to do . 82 83 54 . lloyd hi. rona hi. Lloyd then look down , get in he car and drive off . rona watch he go . int . carol 's house - foyer , front door - morning 82 there 's a knock at the door and Carol answer it . it 's rona . carol hey . what be you do here ? rona I bring the new brochure . they have floorplan . carol ( wave she in ) ah. right . you want some tea ? rona come in and Carol shut the door . int . carol be house - kitchen —- morning 83 the brochure sit on the counter as Carol pour some coffee . rona sit at the counter wait . Carol bring the coffee . rona thanks . rona curl she hand around the cup . rona ( cont 'd ) so ... who be that guy ? carol what guy ? rona the young guy with the bed head that just pull out of you driveway . carol you be such a snoop . 55 . rona I be not a snoop . I come over here and I see some guy leave you house at eight in the morning . I be wonder what 's go on , be all . carol you know what , it 's none of you business , ro. rona okay , I know what 's go on here . be you some kind of cougar ? carol a what ? rona laugh . rona a cougar . carol what the hell be that suppose to mean ? rona I know what you be up to . you be a cougar and I be proud of you . carol get out of here with that . rona just do not let he videotape it , it will be all over the internet . carol you would know . rona laugh again , but underneath it she mood be grow serious . rona you be always the one the guy want . still be , I guess . carol ro - stop with that . why be you talk like that ? 56 . rona that 's just life . just the way it 's always be . you get the guy . you be just sneaky about it . carol ( look away ) I can think of one guy I do not get . rona look hurt . this have not be bring up in year . rona you be happily marry for twenty - some year and you still think about this ? carol every day . rona shake she head and stand up . rona I should go . carol no , ro. it 's ... rona ( irritate ) what ? carol look , forget it . i’1l see you for Bridge tomorrow , yeah ? rona yeah . just ... let I know what you think of the brochure . rona leave . Carol look down at the brochure for the retirement community , the word '' royal oak '' emblazon on the cover . 84 ext . walking path - day 84 Carol walk along the sidewalk in she usual walk outfit . per usual , Mike approach again with he dog . mike hey there . 57 . carol hey , Mike . mike Nice to see you . Carol stop and pet the dog . carol you too , Mike . mike you hold up okay ? carol I be do fine . just fine . 85 scene omitted 85 86 int . carol be house - kitchen - day 86 after she walk Carol pour herself a glass of water and notice she answer machine flash . she hit the button . answering machine voice you have two message . katherine ( 0.s. ) hey mom . it 's I . I have get some frequent flyer mile so I buy a ticket to l.a . you be right - I have not be down in a while so I just figure I have book it . i’1l be in next Tuesday . hope that 's okay . i’1l call you later . Love you . beep . next message . bill ( 0.s. ) I be talk to a machine here I guess but the machine say this be Carol . Carol stop drink she water and turn to the machine , recognize the voice . bill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so Carol , this be Bill . I remember you number so I think I would give you a call . why do not you come on down to the clubhouse today around 11 . ( more ) 58 . bill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l be on the patio wait for you . if not - hey , no big deal . beep . Carol just stand there , think . 87 scene omitted 87 88 ext . retirement community clubhouse - patio - day 88 Carol walk out onto the clubhouse patio and look around . there be not many people around but she see Bill ( cigar man ) sit at a nearby table with a unlit cigar in he mouth . he 's read a paper . she approach . carol hi. bill ( look up from he paper , happy to see she ) hi , Carol . can I get you anything ? carol I be okay . I do not know how to dress or whether to bring my club ... bill ( stand ) you be dress just right . I do not play golf . carol you live on a golf course and you do not play ? bill I be not a fan of the game . never have the patience . we be do something else today . my car be right over here . you ready ? 89 ext . retirement community - day 89 Bill open the passenger door to he car , and extend a hand to help Carol in . carol where be you take I ? 90 91 92 59 . bill you will see . ext . san pedro dock - day 90 Bill lead Carol down a dock toward a boat . Bill and Carol stop at a beautiful fishing boat . the name on the boat say '' so what . '' carol '' so what ? '' bill mile Davis . Carol think for a second . carol ( excited she remember ) kind of Blue . bill you know you stuff . Carol shrug then look from the boat to Bill . bill ( cont 'd ) you do not get seasick , do you ? ext . bill 's boat - day 91 the boat head out to sea . Carol stand by Bill as he drive . he pick up a cigar and put it in he mouth . he look over to Carol and smile . the guy be nothing but confidence . ext . bill 's boat - the pacific - day 92 Bill hook some bait onto a hook . Carol watch . bill you ever fish ? carol not really . bill it 's easy . you throw a line in and wait . carol that 's it , huh ? 60 . bill usually , yeah . good way to get to know someone . and a good excuse to have a few drink . Bill throw a line in . they have a seat and he pour she a glass of wine and hand it to she . he play with he cigar in he mouth . carol you ever gonna light that thing ? bill I use to , all the time . try to be health - conscious in my latter year . carol oh yeah ? bill yeah . and someone once tell I I have a ... oral fixation . so ... he put the cigar back into he mouth . carol you do this for all the girl ? bill I do not do this for anyone . you be the first one out on my boat . carol really ? bill would I lie ? carol I have no idea . I be be very trust of someone I do not know . for all I know you could be a murderer and you bring I out here to kill I and dump I in the ocean . like in the sopranos . Bill chuckle . bill you watch that show ? carol every episode . 61 . bill that be a great show . Carol smile . bill ( cont ’d ) I usually come out here by myself . I just buy this boat . take one look at my retirement money and just say - screw it - I be move to California and I want a boat . carol where be you live ? bill different place . I be live in Kansas City . I do not have kid . I get no one to leave it to . my plan be to spend it all before I go . carol and how 's that go so far ? bill so far so good . people retire with all they money and they do not know what to do with themselves . they just sit . they watch tv . they golf . they go out and eat cheap dinner . they go to the movie . casino . I do not want to end up like that . carol so what be you do live with all that people in a retirement community ? bill I be a social guy . I do not like to be alone . Carol nod , take that in . bill ( cont 'd ) but I like this , too . I like be out here . be away from it all . they look out for a while onto the Pacific . it 's serene . bill ( cont ’d ) how about you . what be you do live in a retirement community ? 62 . carol I be not . bill not what ? carol I do not ... ( agitate ) ... live there . bill no ? carol I have ... I have a house . bill so you have get you own place . huh . so how come I see you all the time at Royal oak ? carol I have get friend there . the management let I use the golf course ... for a fee , of course . bill so why do not you have a cell phone ? Hell , I even have one . carol I do not like the idea of someone always be able to find I . ( think more about it ) and I like come home to message . it 's nice . Carol look out a the ocean again . carol ( cont 'd ) so this be fishing , huh ? bill this be it . they call it fishing , not catch . 93 scene omitted 93 94 ext . bill 's boat - the pacific - evening 94 the boat drive back to shore as the sun set . 95 96 63 . int . nice restaurant - night 95 begin montage : beautiful cocktail be deliver to Carol and Bill 's table . Bill and Carol clink glass . Champagne be pour . appetizer be serve along with a beautiful plate of seafood and oyster . Bill and Carol eat and share a laugh . Red wine be pour . the main course arrive - beautifully present . Carol take a bite of delicious food . Bill watch . dessert arrive and they share a chocolate ganache . Carol , full on food and drink , smile at Bill . end montage . int . nice restaurant - night 96 Carol and Bill enjoy a after dinner cocktail together . bill when do you say you husband pass away ? carol 1994 . bill you still seem somewhat ... I do not know , mournful to I . carol do I ? bill yeah , there 's like a - you almost seem kind of piss - carol piss ? 64 . bill - yeah , but in a sad way , if that make any sense . carol well , my dog die . I have to put he down just last week . bill that must have be sad for you . that would piss I off . I be very sorry . carol yes , I have be feel like - I guess I be numb . I think I would feel ... more sad . but I be sad . he be everything in the world to I . I can not put my finger on it . bill it 's bittersweet . you can not let they suffer , but you do not want to let they go . ( pause ) it 's hard to lose somebody ... no matter how many leg they have . it just leave a big hole . how old be he ? carol fourteen . bill you have be through a lot together . carol yeah . do you think he see it that way ? Carol pause . she touch she wine glass . carol ( cont 'd ) do you ever lose anyone ? a wife , ol ... bill my wife leave I . then she die . carol that would piss I off . Bill smile . 97 65 . bill I like you a little bit , I think . yeah . you be okay . carol just okay ? bill you be not fussy . carol you do not know I that well . bill that 's not important . I know you well enough to say you be okay . carol ( pause to look at he ) okay . scene end with a wide shot of the candlelit table , the two of they look at each other . int . bill car ( ext . carol 's house ) - night 97 Bill and Carol pull up to Carol 's house . carol thank you for a wonderful evening . well , day , I guess . she laugh . carol ( cont 'd ) I can not remember the last time I just ... spend the whole day away from the house . ( think about it ) I have a great time . bill good . I be glad . they stare at each other for a moment . Carol , unsure of what to do next , smile and go for the door . bill ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? carol Home . be not that where I be ? 98 99 100 101 66 . Carol look at Bill and then they kiss . it 's a nice , long passionate kiss . Carol finally pull away . carol ( cont 'd ) okay ... thank you , Bill . bill can I see you again ? carol where do you come from ? Bill smile . scene omitted 98 int . carol be house - kitchen - night 99 Carol walk into the kitchen still feel a buzz from the day 's activity . she make herself a cup of coffee . while she 's wait she stand and get lose in think , smile . then , out of nowhere , the rat run across the floor . she jump back , startle . the rat turn and run in the other direction as she scream and run out of the kitchen . ext . carol 's house - pool - morning 100 Carol wake up on she couch outside , have sleep there all night . she rub she neck and force herself to get up . int . carol be house - kitchen - day 101 the exterminator be in the house again . he have a stethoscope on he ear and he listen to the wall with it . he remove the stethoscope from he ear and shake he head . exterminator do you hear anything in the wall overnight ? carol I ... no . I do not sleep here last night . exterminator I do not see anything ... I do not hear anything . he might be inside the wall , but ... ( more ) 102 103 104 105 67 . exterminator ( cont 'd ) I will set a few more trap near you plumbing outside . scene omitted 102 int . carol be house - kitchen - day 103 Carol be on the phone . the royal oak brochure be in she hand . carol hi .... I understand that you may have a unit available ? ( listen ) no , that 's not necessary . just want to see if it be still available . i’1l call back . thank you . she hang up , immediately regret she call . ext . retirement community - evening 104 Carol 's car pull into the retirement community . Carol get out of the car and gather she thing and shut the door . she head off towards Sally 's apartment . Carol see a nurse push a elderly nursing home resident down the sidewalk in a wheelchair . they make they way to a idling minivan where another nurse be wait with the door open . Carol stop walk and watch as they struggle to get the nursing Home resident to she foot . she stagger into the minivan and they buckle she inside . it be a long and strenuous process . Carol turn away and keep walk . int . sally house - live room - day 105 Carol , rona , georgina and Sally all play they weekly game of bridge . as the girl talk , Carol look like she mind be elsewhere . sally I be get another beer . anyone need a refill ? georgina maybe I will split a beer with someone . 68 . sally I be not split a beer with you . georgina why not ? sally last time you get you lipstick all over the can and you only have one freaking sip . you want a whole one or not ? georgina I do not know ... can you pour I a little in a glass ? Sally roll she eye . she look over to see Carol lose in think . sally Carol ? you want a refill ? no response . sally ( cont 'd ) Carol . Carol snap out of it and look over to Sally . sally ( cont ’d ) you have not say a word all night . carol I be just think ... georgina about what ? rona I know . carol you do not know , ro . sally what do she know ? rona you want to share with the group , Carol ? you have something you want to tell we ? carol there 's nothing to tell . 106 69 . rona okay . be like that , Carol . carol can we just play the game here ? georgina yes , let 's play . rona , come on . rona what ? sally you want a refill , Carol ? carol yeah . sure . Sally get up to get more booze when Carol stop she . carol ( cont 'd ) actually ... Sally , do you still have any of that medical marijuana ? int . sally house - bedroom - day 106 the lady stand around try to figure out how to smoke out of a vaporizer . all the blind have be close and the lamp be on nearby . georgina have the tube in she hand and Sally be try to help she . rona I have not smoke since the seventies . georgina how the heck do this thing work ? sally it 's gotta warm up . georgina try suck on it . georgina there 's nothing come out of this thing . it 's break , I think . sally be patient . it 's not warm up yet . georgina this be like pre-heate a oven ... 70 . rona ( to Carol ) have you smoke recently ? carol no . I can not remember the last time . rona why be I nervous ? my heart 's beat so fast . sally try it now . pull slow . this thing will mess you up . georgina I know what I be do . all right , all right , let 's get it go . georgina pull on the tube , inhale and then exhales a vapor . rona watch . rona ( panicked ) where 's the smoke ? how come there 's no smoke ? sally it 's a vaporizer . I be not try to smell up the whole campus ! rona ( confuse ) a vaporizer ? carol vapor , rona ! georgina ( after exhaling ) oh man ... oh jeez ... that 's great ! the lady laugh . Sally pass it to Carol who put the tube to she mouth . sally ready ? Carol nod and take a big hit . 71 . 107 int . sally house - live room - day 107 georgina and rona be have a conversation on the sofa . Sally be sit in a armchair watch they . georgina there it be again . do you hear that ? rona I do not hear a thing . georgina really ? sally I neither . georgina you both need hearing aid . where 's Carol ? carol ( 0.s. ) in the kitchen ! rona in the kitchen . carol ( 0.s. ) same place I be when you ask I two minute ago ! georgina ( look worried ) I know I should not have smoke any of this . you have turn I into a advanced Alzheimer 's patient . what be she do in there ? sally it will wear off . just try to relax . rona I be feel pretty good . georgina there it be again ! rona what the hell be it ? georgina it 's like a dog bark . 108 72 . rona what kind of dog ? georgina like a little dog . ( hold she thumb and forefinger about a inch apart ) like a little teeny dog . ( make little bark noise ) yip ! rona yip ? georgina yip ! yip ! int . sally house - kitchen - day 108 Carol be stand in the kitchen , look at the many knick - knack on the wall and shelf . rona enter . rona nod . rona get the munchy ? carol just look around . carol ( cont 'd ) this ceramic owl be really stare I down . rona ( quietly ) I do not steal John from you , Carol . carol I never say you do . I just say - rona that he be a guy you do not get ? do you really think I have anything to do with that ? I mean , after you quit sing ... you be not even together at that point . carol it 's fine . really , ro. 73. rona it turn out to be a big mistake , anyway . it 's not like we live happily ever after . carol I know that . rona we never come close to what you and Bill have . John be not the husband type . if it 's still hurt you ... carol it 's not . rona ( pensive ) do you think that 's what I do , Carol ? that I just go after other woman 's man ? carol I have never judge you , rona . you know that . I do not mean anything by it . rona I have be marry and divorced three time , for Christ 's sake ... carol who 's keep score anyway ? rona smile and Carol . georgina ( 0.s. ) we find it ! georgina and Sally enter , hold a break smoke detector . georgina ( cont ’d ) it be Sally 's smoke detector . the smoke detector be in piece . rona what the hell do you do to that ? sally it be yipping like a dog . 109 109 a 74 . georgina Dead battery . we try to fix it ... georgina hand the break smoke detector to rona . rona what be I suppose to do with this ? georgina ( to Carol ) Carol , do you find anything to eat ? everyone stare at georgina . int . grocery store - night 109 begin montage : the lady browse the aisle with a shopping cart . rona fill a large bag with candy from the bulk bin . Carol and Sally throw a few bag of chip into they cart . georgina just stare at a pile of apple in the produce section . rona fill up a big bag with walnut and eat a few . Sally throw a box of cereal to Carol . georgina walk through the freeze section , amaze by everything . rona eat out of one of she bulk bag and look around . Carol and Sally laugh as they walk down a aisle . georgina look at the pastry section . int . grocery store - night 109a Carol walk up to georgina who can not stop stare at some food in a aisle . carol what be you do ? 75 . georgina look at this , Carol . look how many type of cracker there be . Carol look at the cracker with georgina . georgina ( cont ’d ) can you believe it ? every flavor you can imagine . gluten free ... when I be a little girl the only cracker we have be a saltine . now look at it . carol it be a lot of cracker . georgina time move fast . we kid be all grow up . I have get a pile a grandkid now . but it feel good . it feel good to know I have leave a mark . carol how do you mean ? georgina it just feel like I have do my best . and I be ready , you know ? I be ready for whatever come next . carol and what come next ? georgina shrug and smile . georgina I would like to think I will get to see Gary again . my whole family ... carol it must be comforting ... know that . georgina sometimes it be . sometimes it be not . but it 's believe not know . ( pause ) a afterlife where you get to be with everyone again ... it 's such a cliché , be not it ? everything perfect . 76 . Carol do not answer . georgina ( cont ’d ) I be raise to believe it . I try and choose to believe it . it be a nice think . georgina pause to reflect . carol do you ? georgina look at Carol . her eye and expression say '' no . '' georgina every day , it 's a choice I have to make . every day of my life . I have more reason not to believe than to believe . they call that '' testing you faith . '' ( pause ) what about you , Carol ? what do you think ? carol I do not know . ( smile ) I try not to think about it . georgina be you do okay ? carol I be fine ... georgina I pray for you , Carol . I do not know if it do anything , but it make I happy , praying for you . carol ( take she in , realize it 's true ) you be happy , be not you ? georgina I be bless . and I be bless to have you as a friend . Carol look at georgina with a know look . 112 77 . georgina ( cont ’d ) now ... which cracker should we get ? int . grocery store - checkout line - night 110 the lady try to put on a straight face as the checkout girl scan they item . fruity pebbles , apple , a chocolate bar , beef jerky , sour patch kid , salt and vinegar chip , milk , a freeze pizza . checkout girl have a ... party ? the girl respond with a delay laugh . scene omitted 111 ext . STREET - night 112 the lady walk with they grocery cart down the street . Sally be push the cart , georgina be eat handfuls of cereal from the open box of fruity pebbles , and rona be chew on a piece of beef jerky . Carol be chugge from a bottle of water . georgina ( point at the jerky ) you can eat that ? how can you eat that ? sally it 's good for you gum . as they walk a police car pull up to they and stop . the police officer , officer kay shine a light on they . he step out of he car and approach they . officer kay lady . the girl stop and squint against the light and try to act straight . officer kay ( cont 'd ) what 's go on here ? the girl look at each other . no one want to be the one to talk . they be still a few degree away from realize that they have steal the shopping cart . 78 . georgina we have be shopping . officer kay I can see that . but what be you do in the street ? sally there 's no sidewalk . how be we suppose to get home ? georgina the neighborhood be not pedestrian - friendly , officer . rona you can not arrest we , for walk . can you ...? officer kay people usually drive to the grocery store . sally well , we have have a few - officer kay uh-huh . sally - so we walk - rona - like good , responsible citizen . sally senior citizen . officer kay any of you lady ever hear of a designate driver ? georgina ( reach into the box of fruity pebbles ) we do not plan that far ahead . officer kay ( stare at georgina for a long beat ) uh-huh . what about this shopping cart ? 79 . georgina what about it ? officer kay you plan on return that ? because technically that 's theft . and then we have get public intoxication ... rona do we look like thief to you ? officer kay ( humorlessly ) a thief do not have a specific look , mar ‘am . a thief be just a person who take something that do not belong to they . rona well , uh ... carol ( jump in ) we borrow it . alphonse say it be okay . officer kay who 's alphonse ? carol he 's the manager . sally yeah . rona yeah . alphonse ! georgina we be just a bunch of old lady . sally we be too old and feeble to carry all this grocery home . you understand . rona and we be turn off just a block up the road , officer . we be in the Royal oak retirement Village . officer kay uh-huh . 113 80 . Officer Kay look they over . officer kay ( cont 'd ) well ... just be safe and stay out of the middle of the road now . sally yes , officer . Officer Kay get back in he cruiser and drive off . the girl react like teenager to the whole situation - laugh and high -five . rona '' alphonse '' ? who 's alphonse ? carol I do not know . I just make it up . they walk off down the street josh and crack joke to each other . ext . sally 's house - back porch - night 113 Carol and Sally be sit on the porch , exhaust , post - stone . sally I feel like I need to tune in more . carol yeah ? to which thing ? sally I do not know . carol you be just stone . sally no , that 's all wear off . I just feel out of touch , you know ? like I do not know what 's go on with you anymore . carol that 's because nothing 's go on with I . sally I would not know . 81. carol oh , come on Sally . what be you say ? sally like ... I feel like you do not want to admit how you be feel . you just - you do not share . carol when do I ever share ? sally I be just say - nobody know how you be really do . carol I would tell you if I know myself . sally you would ? they be quiet for a moment , stare out into the night air . carol I guess in the back of my mind I be start to be convinced that I be a utter failure . sally what ? how ? carol maybe in many way . sally what on Earth would have convinced you of that ? carol I feel like I have ... miss my mark . I have leave behind my true self . sally Left it behind when ? carol maybe about forty year ago . sally there 's no such thing as you true self . 114 82. carol no ? sally that 's a bunch of New Age mumbo - jumbo . if everybody be they true selve ... what a world of asshole we would be live in . we have all be pick food out of we tooth and make kissy lip at each other like orangutan . carol this be the end , Sally . we be at the end . and if I be to go right now — ( snap she finger ) - like that , what 's leave of I ? I mean , Bill 's be go twenty year . and he 's just go . I think of he all the time , but besides that , some snapshot , that 's all that 's leave of he . and when I be go - okay , then kath be still think of we . and when she go , we be both go . we be all go . it 's like we never exist . Sally look at she , stupefy . sally Carol , I - I just be worried about you , with hazel go , whether you be lonely . Jesus , I do not - Carol close she eye very slowly , then open they . carol he be a dog , what more can I say ? I walk he every day - Carol choke up on '' day '' and break down cry . Sally put she hand on she shoulder and rub she back , comforting she . scene omitted 114 int . carol be house - kitchen - night 115 Carol turn on kitchen light , notice she answer machine flash . she hit the button . 83. answering machine voice you have four new message . bill ( 0.s. ) hello Carol , this be Bill . I be just call to say hello ... I have like to see you again , if you be not busy this week . give I a call . beep . next message . beep . next message . katherine ( 0.s. ) hey mom . it 's I . I do not hear from you , so just make sure it 's okay that I be come Tuesday . give I a call when you get a chance . Love you . beep . next message . lloyd ( 0.s. ) Carol , it 's Lloyd . hey . um , just check in . hope thing be good . okay . bye . beep . next message . she go to she purse , remember something . she reach in she purse and pull out the coaster from the bar with Lloyd with '' apple-tini '' write on it . she look at it fondly . bill ( 0.s. ) hi Carol . listen . how about tomorrow night ? let I know . beep . answering machine voice end of message . int . carol 's house - foyer , front door - day 116 doorbell ring . Carol go to the door dress for a casual evening out . when she open it , Bill be stand there . he be hold a small bouquet of flower . carol hello , stranger . be that for I ? 117 84 . bill Nah . I just think I have carry some flower around tonight . carol they be beautiful . come in . I 'il put this in some water . ext . carol 's house - day 117 Bill and Carol exit Carol 's house just as rona be walk up the front path . Carol see rona and stop . rona hot date tonight ? carol oh , rona ... Bill , this be my friend rona . bill please to meet you . do you two have plan ? rona I be just come over to see if Carol want to go for a walk , but I see you have already get plan . rona shoot Carol a look like '' not bad . '' carol see you , rona . ext . bill 's boat - the dock - night 118 Bill have deck out he boat with light for a romantic , laid - back meal of clam and beer with Carol . they sit and enjoy the food . Carol look around , enjoy herself . bill how be you do ? she look up and smile at Bill . carol really good . scene omitted 119 120 121 85 . int . bill 's car ( ext . carol 's house ) - night 120 Carol sit in Bill 's car . bill so I be think this be go okay . carol yeah . bill that we might spend some more time together . Carol touch Bill 's hand . int . carol be house - live room - night 121 Carol go into the kitchen while Bill wander around the room , hand in pocket , look at photograph . carol ( 0.s. ) would you like something to drink ? bill be you have anything ? carol ( 0.s. ) I do not know . Carol enter . Bill go to she and kiss she . carol ( cont 'd ) what be we do ? be we do something ? bill I think so . carol because I be out of practice with this sort of thing . and do not say it 's just like riding a bike because I can not ride a bike to save my life . bill it 's just like swinging a golf club . carol how would you know ? you do not play golf . 86 . Bill kiss she again . they stop and look at each other , catch up in the moment . carol ( cont 'd ) do you need anything ? bill no . carol you do not need one of that pill ? bill I do not like pill . carol you do not take any pill ? not for anything ? bill not if I can avoid it . I do not like side effect . carol but you will be okay ? bill I do not know . you want I to take a aspirin just in case ? 122 int . carol be house - bedroom - night 122 Carol turn on she bedside lamp to reveal Bill lie next to she in bed . they be both breathe hard and sweaty . carol I be not so sure about you golf metaphor . bill no . it really be more like riding a bike , I would say . carol yeah . a very ... nice bike . bill we should do it again . carol not now . ( laugh ) I can not . 123 87 . bill I just mean sometime . i’1l need some time to recover . I have not do this for a long time myself . carol I do not believe that . bill it 's true . they stare at the ceiling then Bill turn to she . bill ( cont ’d ) what do you husband do ? carol ( distress by the question ) why be you ask about my husband ? bill I be just curious . I be just try to get to know more about you . carol he be a lawyer . his name be Bill , by the way . bill no kid . ( beat ) what be he like ? Carol genuinely think about it . carol nothing like you . int . carol be house - dine area - day 123 Carol and Bill have bagel and coffee and orange juice at the kitchen table ; in the middle of the table , in a vase , be the flower Bill bring for they date . Bill 's hair be muss ; he 's wear he clothes from the night before , no shoe . Carol be in a bathrobe . carol it 's suppose to be hot today . we should go for a swim after breakfast . 124 Bill chew he bagel thoughtfully . bill have you ever think about get remarry ? carol I hope you be speak theoretically here . bill maybe . carol that mean you be not speak theoretically . bill I be just testing the water . carol get out of the water . I barely know you . bill be it too soon to ask you thought ? just on remarry , as a idea . carol I have never seriously consider it . bill never ? carol I have be marry . we get marry and next thing , what - I be wash you underwear ? doorbell ring . Carol look at she watch . carol ( cont 'd ) who could that be ? Excuse I . int . carol be house - foyer , front door - morning Carol go to the door and open it . Lloyd be stand 88. 124 there . Carol close the door partway , block the view into the house with she body . lloyd hey. 89 . carol hi . be today a pool clean day ? lloyd actually - I quit . carol oh. lloyd I get another job - carol oh. good. lloyd - but I want to stop by and let you know I would not be clean you pool anymore . carol okay . lloyd the owner and I have difference . or actually , we be in complete agreement that I should not be work there anymore . carol I see . lloyd I would already be look around for something , and a open come up , so it work out well . carol what kind of job do you get ? lloyd Pool cleaner . another outfit . pool by us. carol Pool by we ? lloyd with the economy what it be - it 's not like I be change career , you know ? I have get skill . they say nothing for a beat . 90 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) ( meekly ) listen - be we good ? carol of course we be . Lloyd nod . Bill appear behind Carol . carol ( cont 'd ) oh - Bill , this be Lloyd . Bill and Lloyd shake hand . they both appear very confuse . carol ( cont 'd ) Lloyd , um , be the pool guy . bill Pool guy ? oh. lloyd actually I be just tell Carol that I be no longer go to be clean she pool anymore . I be move on to ... other pool . bill I see . well , do you want to join we for lunch ? lloyd oh , no . thanks , though . bill okay . ( pause , unsure what to make of Lloyd ) Nice to meet you . lloyd you too . Bill walk off . Carol look at Lloyd and they smile at each other . lloyd ( cont 'd ) okay ... carol yeah . Lloyd nod and look around then back at Carol . gl . lloyd bye , Carol . 125 int . carol 's house - live room - day 125 Bill put on he shoe . Carol sit on a chair nearby . bill so when can I see you again ? carol my daughter be come into town tomorrow . I need to spend some time with she and ... bill you daughter . carol Jesus , do I not tell you I have a daughter ? bill no . though I never ask . carol I have a daughter . her name be kath . Katherine . bill Katherine . I would like to meet she sometime . Carol rub she eye . carol I 'il think about it . bill okay . carol I be sorry . this be all a little new for I . bill I understand . carol yeah ? Bill nod . 126 127 128 92 . bill I like you , Carol . Bill give Carol a kiss and head out towards the door . bill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( upbeat ) if I do not hear from you , I 'il call you in a few day . have fun . ext . carol 's house - day 126 katherine ( mid 30 ) walk up Carol 's front path as a taxi pull away . Carol come outside to meet Katherine and they hug . katherine hey mom . nadine hi , honey . scene omitted 127 int . cafe - day 128 Carol and Katherine have a light lunch . Carol open she napkin and spread it in she lap , avoid eye contact with Katherine . Katherine take a sip of water and watch she . they sit for a long time not talk . katherine Mom . carol yes ? katherine be we go to talk at all on this visit , or will it mostly just be we sit quietly like this ? carol do you want a glass of wine ? I want a glass of wine . katherine you go ahead . Carol start look for the waitress . 93 . katherine ( cont ’d ) how be you do , mom ? carol I be fine . katherine I mean , really . carol really . I be fine . katherine you seem a little ... I do not know . carol what ? katherine different , I guess . be it hazel ? Carol wave she off . katherine ( cont ’d ) you always call I back and you do not call I back until yesterday . I be about to cancel my ticket . carol I be sorry . I be just busy . katherine with what ? you be never busy . Carol roll she eye . katherine ( cont ’d ) I do not mean it in a bad way , mom . it 's just ... you have never seem particularly busy . I think that 's pretty fair to say . carol I have a life , sweetie . hard as it be for you to imagine , I have a life . katherine I think that 's great , mom . I be just curious . silence take over as Katherine go back to she salad and Carol start to look around for a waitress . 94 . carol where be that waitress ? Carol look back at Katherine . carol ( cont 'd ) I be see somebody . katherine be you serious ? carol yeah . I mean ... I do not know if it 's serious , but ... katherine I can not believe it . be this the first time in ... since dad ? twenty year ? Carol do not answer . katherine ( cont ’d ) I could tell something be different . it 's in you eye . you be not preoccupy with just ... yourself . carol ( irritate ) thanks . katherine well , you usually be . you know you be . carol I be preoccupy , believe I . katherine so what 's he like ? what 's he name ? carol his name ... be Bill . katherine really ? carol I do not plan it that way . 95 . katherine how have you guy meet ? on the internet or something ? carol be you kid ? I just meet he , around . at the grocery store . he ask I out . katherine the old - fashioned way . carol yeah . katherine he 's a lucky guy . you be a catch . Carol shrug and look around . katherine ( cont ’d ) so do you like he ? how long have this be go on ? carol a couple of date . ( think about it ) yeah , I like he . he 's ... I do not know . I do not know what the hell I be do . it 's all very new . katherine yeah , you like he . carol maybe. ( change the subject ) so what 's new with you . you get any work ? katherine well ... I have get a lead ona teach job , actually . carol ( surprised ) really ? katherine Teaching drama at a private school . I think I might get it . it happen really fast . 96 . carol this be big news . not what I expect to hear . katherine what do you expect to hear ? carol I do not expect anything . katherine Nice . the vote of confidence . carol you know that 's not what I mean . you happy about it ? katherine I be happy about it ... it 's not act . Carol look pensive . carol but it 's good work . I hope you get it . katherine thanks . I hope I do , too . carol cheer . katherine cheer , mom . they clink glass . 129 int . carol be house - kitchen - day 129 Carol and Katherine enter kitchen with a couple bag of grocery and set they on the kitchen table . katherine so be you go to call he ? I would like to meet he , actually . carol I do not know . 130 97 . katherine come on . i’1l make spaghetti and we will just hang out real casual . we will not make a big deal out of it . carol you be make a big deal out of it right now . katherine whatever . the answer machine light be blink . Carol hit the button . answering machine voice you have three message . bill ( 0.s. ) hey Carol , I know you say you have plan . I be just call to say hello . Carol and Katherine exchange glance . bill ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so ... hello . that 's all . I / x11 speak to you later . bye . beep . next message . rona ( 0.s. ) ( panicked ) Carol , God , I wish you have a cell phone . it 's rona . I be at the clubhouse and ... just call I . beep . next message . rona ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) for Christ 's sake honey , call I on my cell . call I as soon as you can . int . hospital - reception area - day 130 Carol and Katherine approach a nurse at a reception area . carol hi . I be here to see my friend . Bill Young . he be admit earlier . 130 a 131 132 133 a134 nurse be you a family member ? carol no. I be a friend . nurse I be sorry . at this time only immediate family be allow . 98. Carl take a deep breath , frustrated . Katherine put a hand on she back . carol I would just like to know if he 's okay , or - nurse I be sorry . I can not give you any information if you be not a family member . Carol do not respond . the nurse see how frustrated she be . nurse ( cont 'd ) if you leave you number I 'il try to get someone to contact you . carol ( smile but still upset ) thank you . Carol and Katherine walk away down the hall . Katherine put she arm around Carol as they walk . scene omitted scene omitted scene omitted scene omitted int . carol 's house - live room - day Carol sit with Katherine . they both have some wine . carol I do not know why we do this . 130 a 131 132 133 a134 99 . katherine do what ? carol why we get attach to people in the first place . it 's just so much worry . I barely know this man and now look at I . katherine well , you be a good person . carol when you be young , just a baby - lucky for you that you do not remember it - you be so sick all the time . I guess like all baby be . maybe a little more so . it be a lot of illness and hospital and sleepless night . katherine ( attempt to smile ) not really worth it , huh ? Carol look at Katherine . carol it be worth it . the phone ring and Carol get up to answer it in the kitchen . she step back into the live room with Katherine . carol ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) hello ? man' voice ( 0.s. ) Mrs. Petersen ? carol yes . man' voice ( 0.s. ) I be Ted Lange . Bill Young 's attorney . the receptionist here give I you number . you be a friend of Bill 's , be that right ? carol yes . yes I be . 134 100 . lange ( 0.s. ) well ... I be sorry to say that Bill pass away . just a few hour ago . this hit Carol like a knife in the gut . Katherine stand up , know something be wrong . lange ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be very sorry . carol what be it ? lange ( 0.s. ) it be a stroke . a bad one . he never regain consciousness . there be nothing they could do . carol ( keep it together ) thank you for the call . Carol hang up . Katherine know what the news be by Carol 's silence . she walk up to she mom and hug she . she hold she for a long time . ext . carol 's house - pool - night 134 Carol be sit outside in a pool chair in the dark with a cup of coffee in she hand , look shell - shocked . Katherine come out with a cup of coffee . katherine you do okay ? carol I do not know . Katherine approach Carol . katherine do you feel like talk ? carol you have still get a box or two of you thing up in the guest room closet . maybe you have better go through it before you head back . 135 136 101 . int . carol be house - guest bedroom - night 135 Katherine be on the floor with she cup of coffee , look through open box of photograph , old greeting card , notebook . she find a photograph of she mother , father , and herself as a young girl . they be all smile . the photo be about 25 year old . she stand up and take the photo out of the room . ext . carol 's house - pool - night 136 Carol be still sit in a pool chair in the dark . Katherine turn on the outside light and come out . carol can you leave that off , please ? katherine I want to show you something . Katherine have the photo in she hand and hand it to Carol . carol ( squinting ) where be this ? katherine Maine , I think . carol yes ... uncle Dave 's cabin in pemaquid . Carol look at it as if puzzle it out . carol ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) how do I end up here ? katherine what do you mean ? carol I never think I have be seventy . I just never think about it and ... all of the sudden , here I be . katherine that 's good thing . ( try to be upbeat ) you be still here . 102 . carol back when this picture be take get old be the furthest thing from we mind . I do not remember ever discuss with Bill , '' why do not you die in a plane crash , and I 'il grow old alone . '' silence for a beat . Katherine look at she mother . katherine so what be you think of ? carol when the picture be take ? Carol study the photo . she shake she head . carol ( cont 'd ) I do not know . pancake ? Katherine laugh . carol ( cont 'd ) be it really worth it ? any of it ? I mean , look at this . look at what we have here . we do not have that anymore . katherine so we have get something else . and maybe that 's the point of it . you can regret it all , or you can - carol what 's the point of it all ? katherine how can you say that , mom ? carol I just feel like ... like I miss something . incomplete . like there 's suppose to be something more to it . there have to be something more , right ? katherine you have have a great life , mom . a full life . you have a great husband , you have a music career , you have a wonderful career as a teacher -- 103 . carol not that wonderful . katherine you have I ... what else be there ? carol that 's all in the past tense . everything you just say , you be tell I about thing I have , thing I do . katherine so ? be not that what life be ? carol I do not know . Katherine look at Carol ; Carol look back . carol ( cont 'd ) I love you father , honey . I hope you know that . katherine I know , mom . Carol take a deep breath . carol he want to get marry , this guy . katherine Bill ? wow . do you say yes ? carol no . I be very rude , actually . katherine it seem kind of soon to be ask . carol not when you be my age . time be short , see ? katherine well . carol I guess he could have live and we could have get marry and end up grow old together . but I do not know he . so who know ? ( more ) 137 138 139 140 141 142 104 . carol ( cont 'd ) maybe it would have work out . maybe we would have be happy . Katherine reach for Carol 's arm . katherine Mom . Carol look at Katherine and slightly smile . carol I wonder what you father and I would be like now ... Katherine squeeze Carol 's hand . ext . carol 's house - pool - night 137 Carol wake up and sit up in she chair , put she foot on ground . she look at she daughter asleep across from she on the couch . she get up and sit next to Katherine . she stroke she hair , as if she be little again . fade to black . begin montage : ( * note : this montage be to imply time passage ) scene omitted 138 ext . retirement community golf course - day 139 Carol play golf with Sally . int . sally house - live room - day 140 the Girls play they weekly game of bridge . ext . walking path - day 141 Carol and Mike run into each other and Carol pet Mike 's dog and catch up with both of they . int . carol 's house - live room - day 142 Carol watch from inside she house as a new pool guy clean she pool outside . 105 . 143 ext . cemetery - day 143 Carol visit she husband 's grave at the cemetery . his headstone read : life pass , deed remain . 144 ext . san pedro dock - day 144 Carol walk along the dock , look at boat as the sun set . she see Bill 's boat , '' so what , '' and look at it fondly . 145 ext . bar - day 145 Carol walk into the karaoke bar that she go to with lloyd . 146 int . bar - day 146 Carol walk in . the place be pretty empty . Carol look around and have a seat at the bar . a female bartender walk up to she . female bartender can I get you something ? carol yeah . i’1l have a , uh , apple-tini ? female bartender sure thing . Carol stop she as she go to make it . carol actually , just a modelo ... please . the female bartender nod and smile . carol ( cont 'd ) be karaoke tonight ? female bartender ( deliver the beer ) that 's only on thursdays . sorry . carol oh. no problem . thanks . 147 int . karaoke bar - day 147 Carol drink a modelo at the bar by herself . 106 . end montage . 148 int . carol be house - kitchen —- morning 148 Carol open she phone book and look up a number . she dial on she phone and wait . carol hi . be this pool by we ? I be look to make a appointment . 149 scene omitted 149 150 int . carol 's house - foyer , front door - day 150 Carol open the door to reveal Lloyd in he new pool getup . carol Nice uniform . lloyd yeah . pool by we be a little stricter about the dress code . you like it ? carol it become you . I like a man in uniform . lloyd right. carol come on in . Lloyd follow Carol inside . 151 int . carol be house - live room - day 151 Carol stop and turn around to face Lloyd . carol do you want something to drink , or ? lloyd I be okay . carol I do not need the pool clean . the other guy just do it , actually . 107 . lloyd yeah ? he do a good job ? carol eh . he 's okay . there 's a awkward silence . lloyd listen . I be sorry that I ... I come by the other day when you friend be here . Carol do not respond . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I should have call first or something . as Lloyd talk , Carol see the rat on the other side of the room . she freeze up . Lloyd notice a change in Carol . lloyd ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? carol ( whisper , point ) Rat . Lloyd turn around and see the rat , just sit there . Lloyd grab a big , clear bowl on the nearby table and take some fruit out of it . he get on the far side of the rat , bowl in hand . the rat take off towards he and he throw the bowl over the rat , capture it . lloyd get it ! the rat run around , trap inside the bowl . Lloyd grab some heavy book and put they on top of the bowl keep the rat lock in . Lloyd look up at Carol . lloyd ( cont 'd ) what should I do with it ? should I kill it , or ...? Carol look at Lloyd and then down to the rat trap in the bowl . she break down and start to cry . she sit down on the couch and cover she face . Lloyd , confuse , stand up , leave the rat trap in the bowl , and walk over to Carol . 108 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? Carol ? Carol continue to cry . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Carol ? Carol start to pull herself together . carol I lose a friend . recently ... I ... his name be Bill . you meet he . lloyd that 's terrible , Carol . carol it 's okay , it 's okay . we go on a couple of great date . a sweet guy . I like he but , if I be be honest , I do not know he at all . and then he just ... Lloyd look on , listen . carol ( cont 'd ) I keep wonder what make he body just ... stop . what make it say '' I be do now . '' Carol look at Lloyd . carol ( cont 'd ) I just do not get it , Lloyd . lloyd there 's nothing to get . Carol smile and wipe away some tear . carol I hate that fuck rat . this break the sadness and the two of they share a laugh . lloyd catch that rat might be my biggest accomplishment right now . carol oh , come on . 109 . lloyd I be serious . I 'ma bit of a failure , Carol . carol you be young . you have get a lot more life to ... lloyd screw it up even more ? carol you have get plenty to show for it , Lloyd . you know that . lloyd so why can you see that in I and not in yourself ? Carol think about this . lloyd ( cont 'd ) and you can sing . carol sure ... lloyd I clean pool . ( struggle to come up with something to say ) I write a song . carol I want to hear it . lloyd someday I 'il sing it for you . carol sing it now . lloyd really ? I need something . a guitar ... carol I have get something . 152 int . carol be house - live room - day 152 Lloyd sit with a ukulele in he hand . he strum it awkwardly and decide to go for it . 153 110 . lloyd it 's not finish , but ... okay . Carol lean forward . lloyd ( cont 'd ) keep you expectation low . Lloyd sing he song to Carol . he finish and look up at she . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I be still work on it . I do not know ... there be no pool in it . Carol touch he hand . carol thank you , Lloyd . lloyd for what ? carol for stop by and sing I that song . ( pause ) and for catch the rat . lloyd well , I be glad I be here . carol I too . they lean in and hug . as they pull apart from each other , Carol look at Lloyd and they look at each other in a way that suggest they be about to kiss . then they both lean back , look bemuse . it 's unclear to both of they what 's happen . Carol and Lloyd look away and then at each other again . lloyd ( point back at the rat ) should we do something about that guy ? int . carol be house - live room - day 153 Carol and Lloyd watch as the exterminator remove the rat from the bowl and put it into a container . he then bag the container and head out of the house . Carol and Lloyd watch he leave . 154 111 . Carol and Lloyd watch he leave . carol you want a drink ? Lloyd smile . int . sally house - live room - night 154 Carol sit at a card table play bridge with rona , georgina , and Sally . a hand have be deal and the four woman be hold they card and rearranging they in they hand . they be drink they usual . sally I think I gotta get out of here . go on a cruise or something . you guy want to go with I ? come on , lady . I know you can all afford it . carol depend where you be go . georgina and when . rona and why . sally Iceland . I do not know . anyplace . I tell you why . I be feel agitate . rona I be assume you mean horny ? sally ( to rona ) that 's what you mean . georgina I hear good thing about Iceland . carol I be go to New York to see Katherine next month . sally so let 's meet in New York and hop on a boat someplace . silence . 112 . rona I do not know . I get seasick . and I hear this storey about people get strand , or everybody get sick with horrible diarrhea ... sally that sound fun , right ? georgina that fella , he have a boat , do not he ? Bill ? carol ( quietly ) he do . '' so what . '' georgina ( look hurt ) I be just ask . carol that be the name of the boat , georgina . '' so what . '' more quiet card play . sally so what ever happen to he boat ? and all he stuff ? no family ? rona yeah . do he really not have anyone ? carol no family . really , truly , nobody . just a lawyer and lot of friend , apparently , judge by the funeral . I do ask he lawyer if I could keep one thing of he . rona they let you keep it ? what be it ? carol it 's a secret . georgina so what happen to he boat ? to everything ? 155 156 157 158 113 . carol I do not know . last I see he boat it be still at the dock . ( pause ) I can not ... I can not know anything more about he . rona I would be die to know . carol I know you would . more quiet card play . carol ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? maybe we should go . Iceland sound nice . georgina it do . sally now that 's what I be talk about . I will bring dramamine , rona . you will be fine . rona and imodium . the girl share a laugh . int . carol be house - bedroom - morning 155 Carol wake up to she alarm , the clock digit show 6:00 sharp . int . carol 's house - dine area - morning 156 Carol sit at she kitchen counter with a coffee and a New York Times in she hand . int . carol be house - kitchen —- morning 157 Carol take some pill and vitamin with water . scene omitted 158 114 . 159 ext . walking path - day 159 Carol be out for a walk and see Mike out walk he dog . they both stop . mike hey you . carol hey . mike have not see you for a while ... carol I know . they stand there . mike have you ever think about get another dog ? this guy could use a new pal . and it have be good to see more of you , too , Carol . carol I do not know . I just do not think I could lose something I love again . mike yeah . carol what would you do ? mike I ... I be 82 year old . if I stop get dog because they die on you ... I guess I have have have my last dog when Truman be president . it 's hard , I know . but as long as you enjoy they while they be here , and they enjoy you ... you know , animal die . ( look affectionately at he dog ) they break you heart . 160 int . carol be house - live room - day 160 Carol arrange some thing on she mantle . she clean up around hazel and Bill 's ash . 161 162 163 164 al64 115 . next to the ash we see a unlit cigar wrap in cellophane . Carol look at it for a moment and then arrange it nicely next to the ash . scene omitted 161 int . carol' car ( ext . STREET ) - day 162 Carol walk out she side door to she car and get in . she start up she car and drive off . int . carol' car ( drive ) - day 163 Carol drive down a street . int . dog shelter - day 164 Carol be be walk through the shelter by a shelter worker . shelter worker we have have a lot of dog come in this year . be you look for a particular breed ? carol I be not sure what I be look for . shelter worker that 's okay . all this dog need a good home . ext . dog shelter cage - day a164 Carol and the shelter Worker look at some dog as they walk . Carol come across a mutt , sit quietly in the back of she cage . she stop and look at the dog . shelter worker that 's beenie . she 's a sweetheart . Carol look over at beenie , who lie down with she head on she paw . shelter worker ( cont ’d ) she 's older . I think she 's about 11 or 12 . ( more ) 165 116 . shelter worker ( cont ’d ) the tough thing about dog like beenie be that they be close to the end of they expectant life span and prospective owner have a difficult time with that ... it 's too bad . she be a sweetie . a family have to give she up . I forget why ... beenie look up at Carol . int . carol 's car ( drive ) - day 165 Carol drive along . she look over at the passenger seat . beenie sit comfortably in the seat next to she . end .