I love you , man by John Hamburg ( base on the screenplay " let 's make Friends by Larry levin ) September 26 , 2007 fade in : ext . empty lot - near downtown los angele - dusk the light of downtown L.A. twinkle in the distance . peter klaven , late 20 - early 30 , nice look , approachable , stand in front of a fence in lot with he attractive girlfriend , zooey rice , same age , a little artsier - look . peter so , my plan be to build a cluster of live - work loft around the perimeter here , and then create this really neighborhoody retail and dining area in the central square here . I even think maybe you and hailey and denise could open up another location of you store . zooey really ? denise keep talk about want to open another branch . peter it would be great . the land be a little pricey , so , I will not be able to develop it right away , but , when I sell the ferrigno estate , I figure out , I ’1ll at least be able to put a down payment on it , and still have enough money leave over for the reception in Santa Barbara . zooey Peter , what be you talk about ? what reception ? beat . Peter pull a small jewelry BOX from he blazer . a look of realization wash over Zooey 's face . peter I know it 's only be eight month , but , I be madly , insanely , ridiculously in love with you . he open the box , revealing a lovely diamond engagement ring . peter ( cont 'd ) will you marry I ? off she look of complete , utter happiness ... int . peter 's car - night Peter drive . Zooey be in the passenger seat , glow . she speak over the car 's bluetooth speakerphone with one of she two best friend , hailey . zooey ... it just happen like two minute ago . hailey , can you believe it ?! hailey ( 0.s. ) how have I be on like ten million date and you end up marrying some totally awesome guy who randomly walk into we store ?! zooey ( quietly , to Peter ) do not realize she 's on speaker ... ( into car microphone ) will you conference in denise ? hailey ( 0.s. ) hold on . Zooey grab Peter 's hand as she wait ... zooey that piece of land be perfect . peter I be so excited you like it . the neighborhood be like , two year away from take off , but -- DENISE , Zooey 's other best friend , come on the line . DENISE ( 0.s. ) I can not fuck believe you do not call I first . zooey you be such a freak ! hailey 's before you in my speed dial ! DENISE ( 0.s. ) I be kid . Zooey , oh my god ! I be so psyched for you it be disgusting . hold on , Barry go crazy if I be in the house during he poker night . ( more ) DENISE ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( to she husband ) give I a second you fat douchebag . Zooey just get engage . Peter . you have meet he twenty time , dum - dum . ( into phone ) sorry , Zo . so , do you guy pick a date ? zooey June 30th in Santa Barbara . Peter already book that place bacara where we go for that long weekend . hailey ( 0.s. ) oh , he be so sweet . wait , be bacara the one where you guy sleep together for the first time ? DENISE ( 0.s. ) no , be not that in the hot tub in Mexico ? hailey ( 0.s. ) that 's right . it be Mexico . peter you tell they about the hot tub ? zooey maybe . I do not remember . hailey ( 0.s. ) wow , so June 30th ? zooey I mean , it 's soon , but -- DENISE ( 0.s. ) who care ? Peter 's a doll , and he go down on you six night a week . what the hell be you wait for ? Peter look at Zooey in disbelief . zooey you be right . it 's gonna be great . I gotta go . I x11 call you later . Love you . hailey ( 0.s. ) DENISE ( 0.s. ) Love you ! so fuck psyched for you ! peter how do they know so much about we sex life ? zooey hailey and denise be my best friend in the world . Girls share stuff like that . as Peter consider this ... zooey ( cont 'd ) ah ! we be engage ! I be so excited ! she kiss he passionately , as we go to ... ext . peter and zooey 's house - night Hand in hand , Zooey and Peter walk towards they cozy bungalow in the silverlake section of L.A. . Zooey 's on she cell - phone . zooey ..-- I know , he 's the best . I feel so lucky . ( quietly , to Peter ) it 's Debbie . she 's freaking out . ( back to phone ) alright , I gotta call Lisa , call I later , okay ? Love you , bye . they enter the house . int . peter and zooey 's house - night it 's decorate in a minimalist way with cool , eclectic furniture and knickknack . Zooey be on the phone with another friend . zooey .-- love you too , Lisa . talk to you tomorrow . she hang up . turn to peter. zooey ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , sweetie , I be totally hogging the phone . peter no , that 's fine . I just want to give my parent a call . the live room - moment later Peter speak with he mom , joyce , on speakerphone . peter .-- Mom , what do you think she say ?! she say yes ! joyce ( 0.s. ) oh , honey , I be so thrilled for you . and you do it in front of that piece of land like we talk about ? peter yes , she love it . thanks , that be such a good idea . zooey I do not know that be she idea . thank you , Joyce ! in the b.g. , the sound of men exulting . peter dad sound really excited . you tell he ? joyce ( 0.s . ) actually , he and Robbie be watch some kind of box program . Peter 's father , oswald '' oz '' klaven shout out ... oz ( 0.s. ) ultimate Fighting ! peter do they want to get on the phone ? joyce ( 0.s. ) I be sure . hold on , honey . ( after a moment ) apparently , they be in the middle of the game , sweetheart . but they say congratulation . peter oh , okay . no prob . alright , well , we will talk to you tomorrow . zooey bye , Joyce ! joyce ( 0.s. ) kid ... I be thrilled . goodnight . she hang up . zooey be that weird that you dad and brother do not want to pick up ? peter no , I be sure they 's 1l call back . wow , I be exhaust . get engage be intense . you want to go up to bed ? zooey it 's only nine . you do not want to call any of you friend ? peter Nah , I 'il make some call tomorrow . zooey really ? you do not want to call that guy tevin ? do not you speak like twenty time a day ? peter yeah , but , he 's more like a co - worker than a friend . zooey or gil , from you fencing club ? peter he 's not really a ' call right away to tell he the news 's kind of friend . zooey so , who do you consider you close friend ? peter uh , you know there 's a bunch of guy . samir Patel , my freshman roommate from ucla . zooey I have never hear you mention he . peter no ? one beer samir ? we be pretty tight . you be right , I should give he a ring . the live room - minute later Peter 's on the phone . Zooey putter around in the b.g. , pretend not to be pay attention . peter hey , samir ? it 's Peter ... Peter klaven . yeah , man , I guess it 's be a little while . you be good ? great , well , I just want you to know that I get engage tonight , so , we be get marry in three month and ... samir , no , I do not bail on you wedding , I just , I could not make it . I think I send a gift though ... no ? oh , well ... I be sorry , man . I do not know you be so ... okay , right , you take care as well . he hang up . look at Zooey . zooey when 's the last time you speak to he ? peter I guess it be a couple year ago . zooey why do not you go to he wedding ? peter I want to , but , I promise Lindsay I would go to she family reunion that weekend . zooey and he 's you close friend ? peter he 's ... no , I have a bunch of good friend . I have the guy from my fencing club . there 's Bob loden . zooey you chiropractor ? peter he 's a great guy . honestly , I think samir have a drink problem . he must have forget how close we be . ( off she skeptical look ) do not look at I like that . I have friend . just ' cause they do not call I every two second like hailey and denise , do not mean they do not exist . ext . peter 's parent 's ( the klaven 's ) house - night Peter and Zooey stand at the front door . joyce klaven , hug Peter . then Zooey . ad lib she congratulation . peter where 's dad ? joyce in the de . Robbie give he this nintendo wee or wah , who know what , for Father 's Day . they be obsessed . ( shouting ) boy , Peter and Zooey be here ! 0Z ( 0.s . ) out in a minute ! I be about to kick you son 's ass in Tiger Woods ! int . the klaven 's house - night 5as , Peter and Zooey sit around the dining room table with Joyce , Peter 's soft - speak but macho , guy 's - guy father , oz , as well as he cute , gay young brother , robbie . joyce ... do Peter have any good friend grow up ? she look to Oz , who shake he head . joyce ( cont 'd ) I honestly do not seem to remember any . peter Zooey , just to clarify here , dad work for IBM . we move every eighteen month . oz Robbie always manage to have friend . I mean , he probably want to suck they dick , but -- joyce oswald ! robbie Mom , he 's actually kind of get a point . joyce well , he still do not need to use that language . the point be , Zooey , Peter always connect with woman . zooey I can see that . he 's a great boyfriend . oz also , you need to remember that he mature sexually at a very young age . I remember take he swim when he be twelve , the kid have a bush like a forty year old serbian . peter dad , please stop speak . joyce no , but , you always have a girlfriend , as far back as I can remember . oz he be not a guy 's guy . you brother here be into video game , fishing , we golf together ... 10 . peter what be you talk about ? I play sport . oz you prance around in tight with a sword . it 's not a sport . robbie oh , snap ! peter I be a competitive fencer . it 's in the Olympic Games ! zooey Oz , you two do not do father - son stuff together when Peter be a kid ? oz almost never . he spend all he time hang out with he mother or circle real estate listing . peter I be nurture a interest that become my career . oz a woman 's career . peter there 's plenty of male real estate agent . oz it 's just something of a faggoty job , that 's all . peter '' faggoty ? ! '' you can not use that word ! oz yes , I can . Robbie give I permission . robbie dad love the gay . I make he a honorary homo last week . 11 . peter guy , this be ridiculous . why be it weird that I have girlfriend ? oz we be just say you never have a best friend . that 's all . peter who 's you best friend ? oz I have two . hank mardukas have be my close friend in the world since we first year at IBM , he be best man at my wedding , we speak three time a week for the past thirty year . and then , there 's Robbie . peter Robbie be you other best friend ? oz correct . and hank mardukas . robbie Zooey , here 's the deal . Peter 's a girlfriend guy . okay ? girlfriend guy 's never have good male friend because they put all they energy into they girlfriend so they male friendship fall by the wayside . peter Zooey , do not listen to he . Robbie barely know I . robbie Peter , I happen to be a expert on man , and I know it 's true . we be who we be . oz well put , son . we be who we be . look , you think I be happy when Robbie tell we he be a flamer ? of course not , but , I get use to the idea that he crave a wiener in he caboose after about five minute , and the truth be he 's cool as hell . 12 . robbie dad , I actually prefer to be the top . oz I know you do , pal , I be speak metaphorically here . joyce alright , that 's enough . come on , let 's clear the table . Peter stand up to help he mom . oz see ? peter I can not help Mom with the dish ? oz do you see Robbie and I lift a finger ? ( point to he and Robbie ) guy 's guy . Peter look very unhappy . int . peter and zooey 's house - bedroom - night the newly engage couple get ready for bed . peter you know what ? I completely forget . I do have a best friend . zooey who 's that , sweetie ? peter you. zooey Peter , I be you girlfriend -- peter fiance . zooey fiance , whatever . I do not want to be you best friend . ( more ) 13 . zooey ( cont 'd ) do not get I wrong ... I love you . it 's just different . peter you do not feel like you can be open and honest with I ? I think we talk about everything . zooey we talk about almost everything . there 's just certain thing I talk about with hailey and denise that I could never ... it 's just different , that 's all . peter well , I guess I do not have any close male friend . so , do you not want to marry I anymore ? zooey of course not . I really do not care . I just want you to be happy , that 's all . peter I be very happy . it 's not like this be something I have be miss . Peter take a zantac from a bottle on he night - table swallow it with some water . zooey what 's wrong ? you acid reflux ? peter a little bit . it 's fine . they get into bed . zooey I be just think , for the ceremony , I want a bunch of bridesmaid up there , plus my maid of honor ... peter right ... zooey but if I have six girl stand with I , and you do not have anyone , it might seem a bit uneven , no ? ( more ) 14 . zooey ( cont 'd ) be you think Robbie might be you best man ? peter Robbie ? no. like I say , we be really not close . zooey you know what , do not worry about it . we will figure something out . ( then ) oooh , it 's my turn to host lady night tomorrow . peter no prob . I have fencing practice . I all go for a drink with the guy afterwards . ( realize ) I be tell you , that dude be my friend . zooey I know , baby . they start kissing . thing be heating up , when ... the phone ring . Zooey turn on she bedside light , pick up the phone , eyeing the caller i.d.. zooey ( cont 'd ) it 's hailey . she have a blind date . I all be two second . I just want to make sure she 's okay . int . / ext . peter 's car - morning as Peter drive to work , through the car window , he take in a world of male friendship he never notice before . - he see a group of construction worker laugh . - four suit - wearing guy gab away as they carpool . - two jock jogging together . -a billboard with two sweaty buddy , post - workout chugge a ENERGY drink . -a cluster of old russian men play chess and kibitzing at a outdoor café . ext . remax realty office - day - establishing 15 . int . remax realty office - day a typical real estate office . fill primarily with women . in the kitchen area Peter fix a coffee as he speak to a few female CO - worker . peter ... she be completely surprised . it be really , even more amazing than I think it would be . female CO - worker # 1 oh , Peter , that 's so romantic . female CO - worker # 2 just .. congratulation . so happy for you . female CO - worker # 3 ooh , I be so jealous . you be gonna be the best husband ! MAIN office area - moment later as Peter head towards he desk , he pass the cubicle of a handsome , cheesy guy name tevin downey -- perma-tan , blonde streak in he hair . he be crack up from something on he computer when he look up . peter what 's so funny ? tevin one of the guy in my fantasy football league send I a quicktime of a grandma riding a sybian machine . peter I do not know what that be ? tevin it 's a vibrate saddle that woman sit on to give they super- intense orgasm . check this out . Peter look at the monitor . and wince . 16 . tevin ( cont 'd ) how sick be that ? peter very . that be very sick . tevin so , what up , Dog ? how 's the ferrigno dealio come ? peter come good . get ready for the open House in a couple week . tevin it 's a big piece of house , so , if you want a co-pilot on this one , let I know , okay ? be happy to team up , help you '' git R done . '' peter what do that mean , '' git R done ? '' tevin Larry the cable guy ? the hilarious comedian ? peter oh , yeah , I do not really know he stuff . anyway , I think I get it under control , but thanks for the offer . tevin go back to he computer . Peter take a final glance at the sick image on the screen , walk away . int . fencing gymnasium - night two men , dress in fencing gear , expertly parry with each other . they finish , remove they mask , revealing that one of they be Peter . they salute each other , as fencer do . int . fencing gymnasium - locker room - night a post - shower Peter and some other fencer get dress . fencer # 1 Nice job steal my tempo there , Peter . 17 . peter I set you up for a solid attack on the blade , but you parry back pretty well . fencer # 2 anybody see my manchette ? fencer # 1 under you plastron , dickweed . they jostle with each other -- the way man do in a locker room . another fencer , gil , talk to Peter . gil I tell my cousin the open house be a week from Saturday , right ? peter yeah , it 's gonna be great . I appreciate you hook I up with he , gil . it 's a really big deal for I . gil you sell I my house , right ? you be the most honest real estate agent I know . peter thanks . and look , I know you be the middle - man here , but , if you cousin have any question , he should feel free to call I . gil I will let he know . peter great . so , you guy want to get some grub ? or , grab a beer or something ? the fencer exchange uncomfortable look . fencer # 1 we be actually , uh , we be drive up to joshua Tree tonight . peter oh , yeah ? what 's go on up there ? 18 . gil ( jostle fencer # 1 ) we be take Eugene on a little bachelor party slash camp trip . peter I do not know you be get marry . fencer # 1 ( eugene ) I be , indeed . next Sunday . peter great . cool deal . you do kind of a small thing , or -- eugene um , it 's like three ... twenty five . I manage to rope this boy into be my groomsman . peter very , very cool . awkward beat . then ... eugene I would have invite you , but , you never really come out with we after practice . I do not think you -- peter dude , do not sweat it . seriously , no worry . it 's funny , I just get engage myself . eugene that 's great , Peter . you fiance design book jacket , right ? peter no , that be Heather , she be a couple of girlfriend ago . Zooey own a home furnish store in silverlake . eugene awesome , man . good luck with that . gil alright , we have a long drive . we should hit the road . later , peter. 19 . peter have fun , boy . Peter wave , watch they exit -- joke with each other . he sit there alone in the locker room , sadly pack up . ext . peter and zooey 's house - night Peter be about to enter through the front door . through the window , he see Zooey and she girlfriend sit around the live room , drink wine , laugh . he head to the back of the house . int . peter and zooey 's house - back door - night Peter quietly let himself in . int . peter 's home office - night Peter be on he computer . on the screen -- he work on the online list for a spectacular , modern house in the Hollywood Hills . he fiddle with the layout and description . the sound of female laughter be audible o.s. . int . peter and zooey 's house - kitchen - night Peter prepare a tray of root Beer float for the lady . as he do , he look out the kitchen window , see he male neighbor in he house across the way -- watch a basketball game with he friend . they all react as kobe dunk . int . peter and zooey 's live room - continuous Zooey hang out with a circle of lady , include hailey , single and miserable about it , and DENISE , caustic and marry . lady # 1 he do not make any friend at ucla ? zooey he live alone after freshman year . lady # 2 ooh . the one who live alone we be always the biggest freakazoid . 20 . zooey Peter 's not a freakazoid . he have a serious girlfriend all through college . DENISE look , we be not say he 's a freakazoid , but the truth be , for the future of you marriage , it 's a little troubling . if Barry do not have any friend I have shoot myself in the face . the lady laugh . by the door to the kitchen , Peter be about to interrupt when he just stop ... and listen . DENISE ( cont 'd ) I be serious . you know what my favorite night be ? hanging out with you guy . and I can do it guilt free because Barry love hang out with he friend too . every month there 's a golf weekend , a ski-trip , a weekend in Vegas . lady # 1 you let he go to Vegas ? be not you worried he 's cheating on you ? DENISE he 's forty pound overweight with a jew-fro and a small dick . ( off they look / laughter ) I love the guy to death , but I be far and away the best look woman he 's gonna get , and I be just a seven . all the lady come on ! you be so not a seven ! you be hot ! DENISE I know , I totally think I be higher than a seven ! I be testing you bitch ! hailey so , who 's go to be he best man ? zooey I have no idea . I really think he Mom might be he close friend . 21 . the lady react to / shudder at the think of this . lady # 2 this be a serious issue , Zo . guy without friend can be super - clingy . lady # 3 my dad have no friend . it be awful . he drag my mom to all this football game . she hate it . that 's a big reason why they get divorced . zooey look , the truth be , I be freaking out , you guy ! I know , I be horrible for feel this , but , I can not believe I be marrying someone who have no friend ! Peter motion to turn back around when he make a noise . zooey ( cont 'd ) Peter ? Peter open the swinging door between the kitchen and the rest of the house ... hold the tray of root beer float . peter oh , hey , I just make you guy some root beer float . the lady greet Peter , ad lib -- thanking he , congratulate he on the engagement . then ... zooey I think you be go out with you fencing team ? peter yeah , they could not make it , so , I just come back here . do not worry , I have be in my office work . I be not even here . bye , lady . he set down the float . start to exit . zooey thanks for the float , baby . that be really sweet . he wave , disappear . 22 . zooey ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! you think he hear we ? DENISE definitely not . the lady all shake they head , try to convince themselves . int . peter 's home office —- continuous he stare out the window , watch he neighbor say goodbye to he friend -- give half - hug , cool handshake , etc . ext . equinox gym - west hollywood - day buff men and women enter and exit this sleek gym . int . equinox gym - continuous Robbie klaven wear a tight fitting tee-shirt that read : trainer . he walk with a concerned look Peter . robbie you need to find a best man for you wedding ?! what be you , ina John Hughes movie ? peter I know , it sound ridiculous , but , Zooey be really upset about this friend thing . you say at dinner you know all about man . I do not know where else to turn . robbie this be so exciting , you come to I for help . the good news be , not only do I know about man , but straight guy be my specialty . peter what do that mean ? robbie I get bored pursue gay guy . when you be cute and fit , you can pretty much have any fag you want . ( more ) 23 . robbie ( cont 'd ) I like to set my sight on straight guy to give myself more of a challenge . peter do it work ? robbie Peter , I get more butt -pussy from straight guy than you could ever imagine . peter just ... please do not ever use that term with I again . Robbie walk up to a bench press where a guy be struggle with a bar-bell . Robbie adopt more of a straight - guy voice . robbie come on ! push it out ! it 's all you ! I be not even help ! Little further ! there you go ! the guy look up at Robbie appreciatively . bench PRESS guy thanks , man . robbie no worry . I x11 see you around . bench PRESS guy I hope so . Robbie and the guy exchange smile . peter that guy be totally flirt with you . robbie I know , and do you see the wedding ring ? straight as a arrow . I be tell you , hook up be easy . meeting platonic male friend , not so much . peter why be that ? 24 . robbie several reason . first off , at you age , most man be settle into they group of friend . either they have friend from high school , college , or work . as time go on , the straight one get marry , spend time with they wife and kid , even they old male friendship tend to fall off . the single guy could care less about find new male friend unless it 's a wing - man who can help they pick up girl . so , you have set yourself a high bar . it can be do , but , ' tai not gonna be easy . peter alright , so , what do I do ? robbie we have to put the word out on the street that you be available . i’11 do some recon around the gym , but you need to be aggressive about this . every man be a potential suitor . you see a guy on the street , strike up a conversation . ask he on a man-date . by that , I mean a casual lunch or after- work drink . no dinner and no movie . you be not take this guy to see the devil wear prada , understand ? peter yes . keep it casual . robbie Men be very sensitive about meeting new friend . why ? because they be all secretly afraid that they be gay , and half of they be . so , they overcompensate by be emotionally distant and guard . a incredibly straight -seeming guy walk by , exchange '' hey 's '' with Robbie . peter let I guess , you sleep with that guy ? 25 . robbie no , but he give I a handjob in the steam room last week . it be terrible , ' cause he finger be all callouse from weightlifting . peter see , this be why we do not hang out . you be disgusting . Robbie shrug , unfaze . int . peter and zooey 's house - night Peter and Zooey sit on the live room couch watch the last scene of BRIDGET jones' diary . peter how be it that Renee Zellwegger be from Texas ? her accent be incredible . zooey I know , it 's crazy . oh my god , Colin firth 's sweater -- peter ooh , so painful . zooey Way to put this on you Netflix cue , baby . Peter walk to the tv , eject the dvd . peter so , I know this might sound weird , but I be go to try to meet someone before the wedding . zooey what be you talk about ? peter a friend . so , if you , or any of you zillion girlfriend have any candidate , I just want you to know , I be available . zooey you be so ridiculous . you be go to try and meet a friend ? 26 . peter why not ? I want a best man up there with I . I do not want to look like a big loser when you have twenty eight bridesmaid , and I can not even get one beer samir to show up on my end . zooey I know you be just do this for I . peter yeah , but , I really love you , so , it kind of feel good . zooey I be so happy you walk into we store that day . she kiss he . peter you wanna try and do it before hailey get home from she new date ? zooey shut up , jerk . ( then ) she ’1ll be back in a few minute , so it 's gonna have to be a quickie . and as they start take off they clothes , we fade up a song and begin a montage of Peter 's man-date . we see the set - up , and the date in a series of split - screen and jumpcut . int . barry and DENISE 's house - night denise talk quietly to she husband , barry , in the doorway . behind they , Peter sit at a poker table with barry 's asshole friend . barry the guy have no idea how to play poker ! DENISE Barry , this be important to Zooey , so shut the fuck up and be nice . 27 . barry only if we can have sex with the light on when you get home . DENISE Fine . barry Love you . DENISE Love you too . int . remax realty office - day Peter be talk to he female co-worker ... peter .»+. so if you know any available man , just feel free to give ‘em my number , or e-mail if that 's easier . older female CO -worker I have the perfect person ! Peter , please take my husband off my hand ! ext . upscale restaurant - night as Peter valet he car , we hear he mom talk in v.o.. joyce ( v.o. ) honey , he just move to L.A. . barely know anyone . he 's a architect . his mother say he 's so excited to meet you . Peter wave to a attractive guy , doug , wait outside . the guy mouth , ' Peter ? 's Peter nod , they shake hand . int . equinox gym - west hollywood - day Robbie talk to a client as he help he with a lat pull - down . robbie .«.. my brother 's a great guy , fun to be around . ( beat ) ( more ) 28 . robbie ( cont 'd ) and I nil give you five free session if you go out with he . int . staples CENTER - night Peter watch a basketball game with Robbie 's gym client , who we now realize have a very high voice . high voice guy pass the goddamn rock , you piece of shit ! he 's so selfish , you know ? peter he really be . high voice guy what be you problem , Zebra ?! that be a foul ! Peter be clearly embarrassed to be with the guy . int . jan family restaurant - day Peter eat a early Bird special with a old man who study the chocolate drink in front of he . old man the perfect Egg cream be two part seltzer water , one part whole milk , and then , and pay attention here , one part U - Bet chocolate syrup . no other brand will suffice , you understand I ? Peter nod , try to hide he boredom . int . barry and DENISE 's house - night the poker game be in progress . Peter push he chip into the middle . peter I guess I be all in . be that how you say it ? barry yes , Peter , that be how you say it . peter I be sure you beat I . I just have five of the same suit or whatever . 29 . Barry look like he 's ready to kill Peter . int . upscale restaurant - night Peter and Doug , the attractive guy , be hit it off as they share a bottle of wine , get a little tipsy . int . peter and zooey 's house - home office - night as Peter work on the website for the ferrigno estate , he look out he window , see he neighbor now host a backyard barbecue with he buddy . Peter googles : ' how do you meet straight male friend ? '. his eye land on a site call '' meet -new-friends.com . '' int . staples CENTER - night the high -voice guy be chant at the top of he lung . high voice guy let 's go ... laker ! let 's go laker ! Peter wince , cover he ear in agony . int . jan family restaurant - day the old man have fallen asleep at the table . Peter gently wipe drool from he mouth with he napkin . int . barry and DENISE 's house - night Barry and he friend play a drink game call boat race - - where you must chug a beer then tap the guy next to you who chug as well , until one team finish first . on he team , Peter get tapped , start chugging he beer , until he gag and throws up all over the guy next to he . ext . upscale restaurant - night Peter and Doug exit , hand they ticket to the valet . peter I gotta tell you , I really enjoy this , doug. ( more ) 30 . peter ( cont 'd ) I have be out with so many jerk , it 's great to finally meet someone I can have a actual conversation with . doug let 's do it again . peter I would love to . doug tomorrow night ? matsuhisa . eight o'clock ? the valet pull up in Doug 's car . peter I will see you there , sir . Peter start to extend he hand , when Doug reach out and kiss peter on the mouth . he withdraw , enter he car , leave Peter stand there , stunne . int . peter 's car - moment later Peter be on speakerphone with he mom . peter he put he tongue in my goddamn mouth , Mom ! joyce ( 0.s. ) how could I know he be gay ?! all rita say be she son want to meet my son ! peter and you do not think for a minute that she be talk about you son who sleep with man ?! joyce ( 0.s. ) it be one kiss . I do not know why you be so upset ? peter you know why I be upset ?! ( beat , then ) because I really like he ! he 's terrific ! 31 . int . peter 's home office - night Peter be chat with a man name lester on '' meet - new - friends.com . '' lester type in the three most exciting word in any online relationship : '' should we meet ? '' Peter 's eye widen . int . starbucks - day a nervous Peter enter , scan the room for he friend . he eye several potential candidate , when he hear : lester ( 0.s. ) Peter ? Peter turn , see a eleven year old kid wear Harry Potter glass and a pointy wizard 's hat with star and moon on it . peter lester ? confused , Peter approach lester 's table , when ... behind he -- lester 's square - jaw father , butch , run up to Peter , put he in a choke-hold . peter ( cont 'd ) ahh !!! butch stay away from my son , sicko !!! other patron and employees start to notice the scene . Peter try to speak while butch choke he ... peter he say he be thirty eight ! I just want to meet a friend ! butch he 's eleven year old , you freakin’ pedophile you think I do not read he e-mail ?! lester but , dad -- butch stay out of this , lester ! ( to Peter ) ( more ) 32 . butch ( cont 'd ) you contact my son again , pervert , I will murder you where you live ! and with that , butch toss Peter out of the Starbucks . int . peter and zooey 's house - bedroom - night the couple lie in bed , read design magazine . Peter 's neck be swollen and red . zooey how 's you neck ? peter not bad . still a little tender . Zooey , I be sorry , this friend thing obviously be not work out . zooey I kind of figure that . denise say you throw up all over Barry 's poker buddy . peter because they make I play this stupid drink game . that 's exactly why I be not ina fraternity . look , I try . I just do not think I be go to find a best man by June 30th . zooey honey , it 's okay . you can not just manufacture a good friend . peter I mean , I can go on some more man - date , but , I have the open House this weekend ... zooey Peter , forget it . seriously , I do not care . just please , stay off the internet . it 's a horrible way to meet people . you should talk to hailey about it sometime . beat . then , Peter shake he head ... peter he say he be thirty eight . 33 . ext . ferrigno estate - day even more impressive than it look on the website . a OPEN - house sign with Peter 's name be prominent on the front lawn . int . ferrigno estate - continuous from the movie poster and memorabilia , it be clear that this house belong to Lou ferrigno , the hearing - impair body - builder / actor who star in the film pumping iron , and , on tv , as the incredible hulk . in a series of cut we see Peter set up for the open House . - he place a stack of information sheet on a table by the front door . - he unwrap a platter of SMALL deli sandwiches on a island in the kitchen . - he straighten up the furniture . - he light some candle . - he open shade , let golden sunlight in . - he put norah Jones on the stereo system . -various prospective buyer enter . Peter chat they up , tour they around the place . by the food table sydney fife , late 20 - early 30 , take out the turkey from one sandwich , add it to the corn beef from another sandwich , create a double-decker . Sydney have a casual , slightly unkempt appearance . he watch Peter talk to a young hollywood guy and he hot girlfriend . the Hollywood guy nod , tell Peter they be go to look around on they own . Peter walk up to the food table . peter thank you for eat . 34 . sydney I be the first one , huh ? I do not know why people be so afraid of chow down at a open House . ( beat ) so , how come ferrigno 's sell ? peter he buy a place in Jackson hole . I think he 's tired of the Hollywood grind . sydney it 's a great pad . I be not sure I would keep the pump Iron poster , but -- peter ( chuckle ) no , the place will come empty . I be Peter klaven , the realtor . sydney Sydney fife . peter Nice to meet you , Sydney . sydney ( point to the Hollywood couple ) you be waste you time with that two , by the way . peter why do you say that ? sydney I see that guy pull in . he drive a volkswagon passat . that 's a thirty thousand dollar car , and he 's look at a 4.3 million dollar house ? do not compute . he have not be dating the girl he 's with for more than two week , maybe three . in fact , from they body language , I doubt he 's sleep with she yet . ( more ) 35 . sydney ( cont 'd ) so , he tell she he 's look for a new house , bring she along , hope to impress she , which he might , ' cause she do not look like the sharpest monkey in the monkey house , then he 'il sleep with she at she rental in toluca Lake , go back to he one bedroom in Studio City , have do nothing but get laid while waste you valuable time . peter wow . he tell I he be go to make I a offer . I really hope you be not right about that . the Hollywood guy pass Peter on he way out . young hollywood guy you know what , guy , I like it , but I be think it 's just a little small . they exit . peter unbelievable . sydney I , I be go tell you right up front , I have no intention of buy this house whatsoever . peter uh , okay , so , what be you do here ? sydney Pete , I be here , on a beautiful Saturday afternoon , to eat you free food and try to pick up a divorcee . Peter laugh , shake he head . peter be you serious ? 36 . sydney iam . at the classier open house , the spread be usually delicious , plus , aside from the poser douchebag like the dude who just leave , you normally get a delightful panoply of financially solvent , newly single woman . peter what can I say ? I appreciate you honesty , I guess . sydney thank you , sir . be there anymore Russian dress ? Peter stare at Sydney - ' be this guy for real ? 's int . ferrigno estate - kitchen - moment later the two man replenish the bowl of Russian dress . sydney .-. I do private investment . manage my own portfolio . it 's great . I work from home , keep my own hour . peter and you can make a live do that ? sydney I be not exactly fly private , but yeah , I do nicely . the thing I ask myself , be , can I afford my lifestyle ? if the answer be yes , I be happy . the european have it right ... they work to live , not the other way around . I tend to adhere to a more Continental way of think . peter you be right , in America , you be consider lazy if you do not work a sixty hour week . sydney you ever be to Italy ? 37 . peter I take a trip there with my ex - girlfriend . sydney so , you know ... that people enjoy they life way more than we do over here . peter I gotta say , they do seem pretty happy . the bowl of Russian dress have be fill . sydney alright , man , I be gonna fix myself another sammy , then I have a open House in bel Air that promise to be replete with cougar . Nice to meet you . peter look , here 's my card . if you ever need a place , I actually specialize in smaller home , bungalow -- sydney sound good . here , you might as well take mine too . they exchange card . Peter eye Sydney 's , which read : sydney fife investment , LLC . they shake hand . sydney ( cont 'd ) thanks for a great open House , Pete . Peter watch Sydney exit , clearly intrigue by this guy . int . equinox gym - west hollywood - day Robbie be hold down the leg of one of he client while he do crunch as Peter talk to he . peter I can not just call he . robbie do not be such a pussy . he give you he card . of course you can . the sound be awful . peter and say what ? ' oh , hey , Sydney , you want to get dinner with I ? 's I hate this . there 's no rule for male friendship . robbie what be the big deal ? you go out with all that other guy ? peter that be set-up . this be completely different . robbie Fine , then wait around for he to call . and if he do , no more dinner , okay ? it 's send the wrong message . peter I know . actually , that guy , Doug who kiss I , he 's really great . you want he number ? robbie no , he 's gay . I tell you , I be not into that . the High - voice guy spot they across the gym . high voice guy hey , Peter . llaker / mave tomorrow night ? peter can not do it . I have ... a thing . ( turn to Robbie ) by the way , I can not thank you enough for set I up with that castrato . it be really fun . high voice guy come on , push it out ! it 's all you , baby ! yeaahhhh !!! 38 . shout out .. on high voice guy , give a bench - presser a spot . Robbie look at Peter contritely . 39 . int . remax realty office - day Peter sit at he desk , stare at Sydney 's card . he pick up the phone , hang up before he dial . peter just ... pathetic . we jump - CUT to , Peter dial . he get Sydney 's voicemail . sydney ( 0.s. ) this be Sydney fife . you know what to do . Peter affect a business - like tone . peter hi , Sydney , this be Peter klaven . we meet at a open House last week . anyway , I be just check in , see if you want to get together , talk about real estate or whatnot . so , if you get a chance , give I a call . no pressure . okay , take care . bye-bye . ext . '' zhd '' store — day establish of this cool - look home furnish store on a trendy street in L.A. 's silverlake neighborhood . int . '' zhd '' — continuous the store be fill with modern furniture , houseware , knickknack and art . Zooey , hailey and denise sit around the checkout counter , eat salad , listen to hailey tell a story . hailey «+. so , we go back to he house . we be kissing . it 's get a little heat , I be like , ' okay , I be gonna have sex for the first time in three month . that 's cool . 's then , he roll over , open a drawer in he night - table ... proceed to pull out a huge strap - on dildo . 40 . zooey what 's the deal , he 's a pre - op tranny ? hailey no , he be a man , and what he ask I to do , in a very casual tone , be , strap on the fake penis , and , uh , screw he with it , in he butt . DENISE by the way , you may not be into that , but , I do not think it necessarily make he gay . hailey it be a first date , denise ! who request that on a first date ?! Peter enter the store . zooey hey ! what be you do here ? peter I be downtown meeting with the owner of my development site . think I have say hi on my way back to the office . zooey you just miss hailey tell we how a guy she meet on j- date want she to do he with a strap -on . peter ah . hailey so , that be my Wednesday night . how 's you man-search come ? peter about the same as yours . it 's tough , there 's not a lot of great man out there . DENISE Barry say he and he friend have a good time with you the other night . 41 . peter ( skeptical ) really ? DENISE no . I guess you take all they money and throw up on they . Peter 's cell - phone ring . he step away , answer it . peter Peter klaven ... yes , right , Sydney . good to hear from you . this afternoon ? uh , yeah , sure , I can do that . Father 's Office at 5 . see you in a jiff . he hang up . zooey see you in a jiff ? peter I know . I have never say that expression in my life . zooey baby , you be all flustered . who be that ? peter this guy I meet at my open House , Sydney something .... DENISE oh my god ! Peter 's gota boyfriend ! hailey this be insane ! how do you get a boyfriend before I ?! peter I do not have a boyfriend . we be just grab a drink . talk about real estate . zooey do not forget , we be have dinner with denise and Barry and Debbie and Max . 42 . peter yup . edendale Grill at 8 . hailey guy , what the hell ? zooey what ? hailey you can not make a dinner plan without I . we have a unspoken pact about stuff like this . DENISE it 's a boring couple 's dinner . hailey oh , so , because I be single , I suddenly have the ebola virus . Peter quietly watch this friend interact ... zooey you do not have ebola , we just do not think you have want to come . hailey I be you best friend . you do not think I have at least want to know ? DENISE I think I be you best friend ? hailey Zooey and I have be best friend since sixth grade . we do not meet you till college , and you be not even undergrad with we . DENISE so fuck what ? zooey guy , this be ridiculous . hailey wait a minute , which one of we be you best friend ? zooey I love you both . I be not gonna choose . 43. DENISE well , you can not have two Maids of honor , so , at some point , you will have to decide . peter ( quietly ) I be gonna take off . zooey ( wave , then , to hailey ) why do not you just come to dinner ? hailey I can not . I be go out with the strap on guy . ( off they look ) what ? we have a really nice time , until he ask I to fuck he in the ass with a rubber dick . ext . father 's office restaurant - dusk Peter 's on he cell phone as he walk into this famous Santa monica gourmet beer and burger pub . peter I be meeting he right now . robbie ( 0.s. ) Peter , play it cool , okay ? no dinner . you do not want he to think you be easy . peter yes , I promise , no dinner . robbie ( 0.s. ) ooh , this be exciting ! call I when you get home ! int . father 's office restaurant - dusk Peter and Sydney sit at a table drink pint of beer . sydney so why have you call it quit with you last girlfriend ? 44 , peter Lindsay ? we be right there on the marriage track , but , then I find out she be a kleptomaniac . sydney oof . that be the worst . peter yeah , she shoplift from store , from my parent 's house . one time we go to disneyland with she nephew , she get bust for steal a case of mickey mouse golf ball . sydney she be a golfer ? peter a golfer ? no , you be miss the point . she be a thief . sydney yeah , no , I get it . I have just always wonder if have a girlfriend who could join you for eighteen would be a bless or a curse . anyway , go on ... peter right , so , when it start get really out of control , I call it off , and , I literally meet Zooey the day after we split up . sydney really ? no laj in between the vag ? peter what do that mean ? sydney you do not have any lag time between woman ? peter I do not plan it that way , but , it just happen . Zooey 's super smart , we be both really into architecture , home design . ( more ) 45 . peter ( cont 'd ) I swear , we can make a entire night out of , like , go through the photo in the latest issue of Metropolitan Home . sydney how 's the sex ? peter what ? sydney you be go to be make love to one woman for the rest of you life . so , be it good ? peter that 's kind of private , you know ? sydney not really . it 's something we all think about on a minute by minute basis , but , we be not suppose to talk about it ? why ? beat . Peter think about this . peter you be right . I guess , no one 's ever ask I the question , that 's all . the sex be good . very good . sydney you voice when up when you say that . peter so what ? sydney it mean , you be not be entirely truthful . what 's the deal ? peter I do not know , I guess at time , I wish she enjoy , you know ... sydney get in it the tush ? peter what ?! no. oral sex . 46 . sydney she do not like it when you go down on she ? peter no , that she like . it 's the other way , she do not seem to ... what be I do ? Sydney , I barely know you . look , Zooey 's a awesome woman , we have a great sex life . I do not know why I say that . sydney ' Cause you be speak honestly . peter what about you ? be you single ? married ? sydney iwas . I get devoed a year ago . we start out great , but , leanne get too needy . never give I my space . I finally say ' enough . 's peter I be sorry . divorce sound really tough . sydney it be rough for a while , but , the truth be , pistol , I have never be happier . peter what do that mean , ' pistol ? 's sydney Pete maravich . great basketball player . nickname be the pistol . a young couple hover over they table -- as be tradition at this restaurant where you have to fight for a seat . young guy in couple you guy finish up soon ? sydney sorry , chief , we be actually stay for dinner . Peter 's eye widen . 47 . peter oh , you know what , Sydney , I should get go . sydney dude , be you serious ? they literally have the best burger in the world here . if you get a seat at Father 's Office , you do not leave without eat . Peter 's clearly consider it . peter alright , screw it . I 'min . let I just call Zooey . ext . father 's office - night Peter 's on he cell . peter ... we be in the middle of something here . just tell they I have a work emergency . zooey ( 0.s. ) Peter , we make a plan . peter I know , but , we see that guy every week . it 's just one time . I gotta go , I will see you later . I love you . int . father 's office - night Peter return to the table . sydney all good ? peter all be good . all be good in ' da hood . ( off Sydney 's weak -smile ) so ... as he sit , the bartender put a new song over the sound - system , and we begin a series of dissolves ... 48 . int . father 's office restaurant - night Peter and Sydney drink several more pint and eat the restaurant 's gourmet hamburger , clearly hit it off . they crack up . have a serious conversation . talk heatedly . it 's a great first man -date . ext . father 's office restaurant - night Peter and Sydney stumble out of the place . peter hand down , best hamburger I have ever have . I love the way they caramelize the onion . sydney people say it 's the meat , but I agree , the onion set it apart . peter alright , I should grab a cab . I think I be over the legal limit . sydney dude , you only have like three pint . you will be fine . my vespa blow a tire on the way over . you mind give I a ride home ? int . peter 's car - night Peter drive . Sydney ride shotgun . peter how could you hate salman rushdie ? sydney the guy 's a phony . have you ever hear of he before the satanic verse ? peter no , but -- 49 . sydney butt cheek . he be a struggle novelist who write a book that he know be gonna drive the Ayatollah crazy , get he a ton of publicity in the process , and sure enough , the guy put a fatwa on he head . next thing you know , he 's a international celebrity , write song with bono , he marries the hot chick from top chef , life like a king in some four star London hotel ... on the government 's dime . peter ( crack up ) so you be say he want the death threat on he life ? sydney want it ? the man love every goddamn minute of that fatwa . I guarantee you , he begge the Ayatollah not to take the price off he head . a siren behind they flash onto they car . peter oh shit ! Sydney , this be bad , I be sure I be over the legal limit . sydney stay calm and let I do the talk . peter no , do not say anything ! you have a breath mint or a piece of gum ? sydney Peter , relax , it 's gonna be okay . Peter pull the car over . a cop approach . cop Excuse I . you have any idea how fast you be go ? peter I be so sorry , sir . I think be under the speed limit . 50 . cop actually , you be go forty three in a twenty five m.p.h. zone . peter get it . whatever you need to do , write I a ticket , anything . I just want to make thing right . the cop pick up on Peter 's overcompensate . sniff . cop you gentleman be drink this evening ? sydney yes , we have , friend . cop Excuse I ? sydney we have a few pint at a bar in Santa monica . my buddy 's wife just leave he for a mexican guy . he walk in on the two of they bang in he laundry room . cop uh-huh . sydney if that 's not bad enough , she tell he she 's take the kid , all the savings , move down to freakin’ guadalajara with this yag -off . so , I drag my man out , get hima little toast to try to balm the pain . he 's probably one drink over the limit , two -max . beat . then ... cop Fucking mexican . sydney you say something there , my brother . steal we job . steal we woman . where do it end ? cop I do not know , friend . I do not know . just , keep it under the speed limit , okay , fella . hope stuff work out for you . peter I do too . thanks , officer . the cop leave . Peter turn to Sydney , exhales for the first time in a minute . peter ( cont 'd ) my wife run off with a mexican guy ?! where the hell do you get that ?! sydney the cop have a indentation where he wedding ring use to be , so I figure the cheating spouse angle be a good bet . the mexican part , be a assumption that he be a racist , base on he buzz-cut , vocal intonation , and general demeanor . peter Sydney , that be incredible . disturb , but incredible . sydney just so you know , and I be serious about this , I have no problem with mexican whatsoever . I be just try to get you out of a DUI . peter get it . they resume drive . peter ( cont 'd ) I just realize , I never ask , be you interested in buy a house ? sydney uh , no , why would I be ? peter oh , just when you call I back , I do not know if you want to talk real estate , or -- 52 . sydney look , Pete , maybe this be weird to admit , but , you seem like a good dude . I be just ... see if you want to get a beer . peter no , there 's nothing weird about that at all . why can not two guy go out for a beer ? I be glad you call . sydney I too . Peter look over , they exchange a quick smile , drive on . int . peter and zooey 's house - night in the bedroom , Zooey be sleep . Peter tiptoe in . Zooey speak in that half - asleep voice . zooey that be not nice . peter come on , Zo , we always go out with you friend . it be one time -- zooey I know , I just miss you . do you have a good time . peter it be fun . we mainly talk business , but , he 's a cool guy . zooey so , be he you best man ? peter ( laugh ) I barely know he . go to sleep , I just want to see if we get any hit on ferrigno . peter 's home office - moment later Peter 's on the phone with Robbie , speak quietly . 53 . robbie ( 0.s. ) Peter , I have be on pin and needle ! where the hell be you ? peter we end up have dinner . robbie ( 0.s. ) no ! I tell you , no dinner ! peter I know , but he insisted . anyway , we have a great time . he 's really interesting . he call I a nickname . '' the pistol . '' no one 's ever call I a nickname before . robbie ( 0.s ) listen to I . you need to play it cool . do not call he tomorrow . give it a day or two , okay ? ( to someone 0o.s. ) jump in , I will be right there ! peter who 's that ? robbie ( 0.s. ) I be take a bath with one of my client . high voice guy ( 0.s. ) Robbie , come on , I be get lonely . peter the castrato ?! that guy 's gay too ? robbie ( 0.s. ) he be now . peter you be such a slut . robbie ( 0.s . ) I know . it 's retarded . I ’ma total '' himbo . '' I x11 call you tomorrow . 54 . int . remax realty office - day Peter be at he desk when tevin downey come over , sing he version of the old tag team rap '' whoomp ! there it be . '' tevin whoomp ! there he be ! whoomp there he be ! he grab Peter , begin to jostle / tickle he . Peter hate this , but can not stop from laugh . peter okay , man . tevin whoomp ! there he be ! peter tevin , seriously , cut it out ! I be fuck ticklish ! tevin okay , uncle - uncle ! how be the open hizzy ? peter the open House ? it be good . I have have a few nibble , no bite yet -- tevin Peter , can I speak to you as a friend ? you be a flat guy , and the Hollywood Hills be my specialty . peter true , I have sell mainly in the flat , but -- tevin for singles and double , you be the freakin’ ichiro suzuki of realty . but , we be deal with a Hollywood celebrity here . this be the house of Mr. Louis ferrigno . that 's rare air , my man . peter do you see my web-listing ? it look great . 55 . tevin to sell a plot like that , you gotta network , meet a lot of people , work the town . it 's what I do with scotty baio 's pad up on wonderland Ave . we get she do before she even go on the market . peter what be you say , tevin ? tevin you have get the steak and I have get the sizzle , so let 's split the list . let I wet my beak a little on this action and we ’1ll both end up winner . peter I really think I can handle this by myself . tevin hey , it 's you call . like I say , I be put on my friend hat here . tevin give Peter a final tickle in the rib , walk away . stress , Peter take out he bottle of Zantac , pop one . nearby , he see the receptionist talk to a female realtor who hold a harry potter book . he look closely at the cover -- a picture of Harry in he wizard garb . close on lester marsh Peter 's underage internet friend , play with a sword in he backyard . he still wear the Harry Potter glass and wizard 's hat . int . suburban house - day Peter sit in the live across from lester 's parent . lester be visible through the window . peter I know , it sound crazy , but , I never really have any close male friend so , I just want to meet someone . 56 . butch ( lester 's dad ) who the hell do not have any friend ? joanne ( lester' mom ) not everyone be in the military , butch . ( to Peter ) he and he pal take that whole Band of Brothers thing way too far . peter what branch of the military be you in ? butch special ops. Delta Force . Real covert shit . peter I see . well , thank you ... for you service . anyway , I just want to clear the air and apologize . it be really a honest mistake . joanne apology accept . butch grunt . Peter look at lester , through the window . peter can I ask ... why do you think lester be on that website ? joanne the same reason you be . he want to find a friend . Peter nod , clearly touch by this . joanne ( cont 'd ) he 's a good kid , he 's just ... a little different . butch let 's call it what it be . he 's a geek . eleven year old , he dress like merlin the magician . joanne and we do not do he any favor with he name . the other child call he lester the molester . 57 . through the window , Peter eye lester practice he swordplay . he 's actually kind of skillful . peter you know , I be a , uh , fencer . I be in a club , it 's all legitimate . maybe I could take lester over there one day ... butch not happen . peter alright , I just think he could maybe channel this sword and sorcery stuff into a sport . it 's in the Olympic . it 's very competitive . joanne the school therapist do say he need more social interaction ... butch you wear a goddamn mask when you fence . who the hell 's he go to interact with ? peter butch , it 's a surprisingly social sport . ( hand they he card ) why do not you think about it , give I a call if you change you mind . on lester -- he look at Peter , wave . Peter wave back . int . peter 's car - moment later Peter hold Sydney 's business card . clearly nervous . he take a deep breath , dial . sydney ( 0.s . ) hello ? peter hey , Sydney ? it 's , uh , it 's the pistol ? sydney ( 0.s. ) who ? 58 . peter Peter ... klaven . from the Father 's Office . sydney ( 0.s. ) hey , man . what 's go on ? peter nothing , no , that be fun the other night . I be just see if you want to get some lunch sometime . just , super casual . but , if you do not have time -- sydney ( 0.s . ) I be about to take my puggle for a jaunt on the Venice boardwalk . why do not you join I for some eat ? ext . venice beach boardwalk - day Peter join Sydney as he walk he puggle . sydney he 's a cross between a beagle and a pug . greatest dog in the world . peter he 's really cute . what 's he name ? sydney Anwar Sadat . after Anwar Sadat . the former President of Egypt . peter okay . ' Cause you be a big fan of he policy , or -- sydney no , I be look at a old issue of time magazine with Sadat on the cover when he be a puppy , it be uncanny how much they look alike . Peter eye Anwar Sadat , not quite see the resemblance . sydney ( cont 'd ) so , how 's ferrigno come ? any offer ? 59 . peter not yet . this realtor I work with , tevin downey want to share the list with I . sydney and split the commission ? what about that land you want to develop ? peter yeah , I mean , it would put a delay on that , but , I gotta sell this house . tevin 's a total cheeseball , but , he market himself like crazy , rack up a lot of sale . sydney the guy sound like a douche . who need he ? peter he say the list be out of my league . maybe he 's right . sydney bullshit . that 's the insecurity talk . the way you set - up that open House be understate , classy and elegant . that sandwich you put out be delicious . peter look , I be definitely try to sell the place , I just -- sydney no , Pete , try be have the intention to fail . you gotta scratch that word from you vocab . say you will do it . and you will . as Peter consider this , Anwar the puggle squat down and poop . when he finish , Sydney start walk away . peter you need a plastic bag or -- sydney Nah , I do not pick up after my dog . peter oh . be not it like a State Law -- 60 . sydney it 's a ridiculous rule . Dog poop be like compost . it have a enormous amount of nutrient that enrich the soil . just then , a male jogger , step in Anwar 's shit . male jogger goddamnit ! clean up after you dog ! and Sydney get up right in he face . sydney mind you own fuck -hole ! you be lucky to step in my beautiful puggleas shit ! spook , the jogger run away . peter Jesus , Sydney , what be that ?! sydney ( totally calm ) I be aman , Peter . I have a ocean of testosterone flow through my vein . Society implore we to act civilized , keep everything under control . but , the fact be , we be animal . and sometimes , we need to let it out . ( then ) try it . peter try what ? sydney scream . come on , you be stress about the ferrigno house . I guarantee you be anxious about you wedding in way you be not even aware of . let it out , you will feel better . peter I can not just scream in the middle of the Venice boardwalk . 61 . int . under the boardwalk - minute later Peter and Sydney be alone . Peter quietly scream . peter abh ... sydney okay , good . now , gently remove you vagina and try it again . peter aaahhh !!! above the boardwalk we hear Peter scream louder . people notice , concerned . Peter do it again -- with even more gusto . and as he finally let out a incredible loud , guttural wail .... ext . sydney 's house - later that day establish of a decent size bungalow in Santa monica . Sydney lead Peter across he small yard , towards a garage . int . sydney 's garage - continuous the two man enter . Peter 's eye widen as he take in the big leather couch , which sit in front of three large screen tvs . in a corner of the room there 's a music area with a drum kit , guitar , bass , tambourine . a bong sit on a trunk which serve as a coffee-table . on the wall , dozen of photo of Sydney with he guy friend -- sing karaoke , white - water rafting , at restaurant , at the Grand Canyon , etc . sydney Mr. klaven , welcome to the Temple of doom . Peter take it in , wide - eye . peter Holy shit , Sydney . this place be insane . Peter spot a laz-e- boy recliner next to a side - table with a tube of jergen and a box of condom . 62 . peter ( cont 'd ) what 's go on over there ? sydney ( totally unembarrassed ) oh , that 's where I jerk off . peter okay , I see . and the condom -- sydney I wear they while I masturbate . it decrease sensitivity , so I can last longer , and also there 's no mess to clean up . peter be you kid I ? sydney uh , no , I be absolutely serious . peter and ... when woman come over -- sydney pistol , this be a man-cave . no woman have ever be grant access . peter what about you guy friend ? you be not embarrassed to have that out ? sydney masturbation be part of life . you have never talk about jerk off with any of you friend ? peter no , I have not . sydney when 's the last time you do it ? peter I be not tell you that . sydney what be you afraid of ? I be not go to tell anyone . think of this place as a cone of silence . just then , 63 . peter Zooey go to the pasadena flea market with she friend this weekend . I do it while she be out . sydney what have you use ? Internet ? dvd ? peter that 's enough info for today . sydney a old porno vhs tape ? peter I use a picture of Zooey ina bikini from this vacation we take to cabo San Lucas . sydney you jerk off to a picture of you own girlfriend ?! be you sick ?! peter ( laugh ) why be that so wrong ? sydney pedro , it be wrong in so many way , I can not even begin to describe it . Peter 's cell - phone ring . he pick it up . peter hey , honey . no , I be over at Sydney 's house . uh ... nothing , we be just chill . I guess I kind of play hooky this afternoon . yeah , no , I all see you at home later . Love you too , bye . he hang up . sydney why have you tell she you bail from work ? peter I do not want to lie to she . you be one of the most honest people I have ever meet , you can not understand that ? 64 . sydney I be honest with my friend . with woman , it 's a whole different thing . peter that 's ridiculous . sydney no , it 's not . there 's stuff you share with dude you could never tell you girlfriend or wife . peter I just do not agree with that . sydney okay , so , when you go home you 'il tell Zooey that you jerk off to she picture last weekend ? peter no , but .. sydney but , you just reveal that to I . Sydney shrug . outplay , Peter 's get no response . he walk over to the cluster of musical instrument in the corner . there 's a poster for the band rush on the wall behind the drumset . peter which one do you play ? sydney I be a drummer . a stick -man . you play a instrument ? peter I play guitar in high school . sydney oh , be you in a band ? peter no . I just play by myself . for fun . ( then , eyeing the poster ) oh , man , I use to love rush . 65 . sydney dude ! best rock band in the world ! Neil peart , hand down , great stick - man who ever live . we should jam sometime . peter that have be fun , man . alright , I should hit the road . sydney coolio . I gotta get to bed early . I be take a day-hike in malibu with some of my buddy tomorrow . Peter be clearly take aback by this revelation . peter oh , good . a buddy hike . that sound fun . sydney ( off Peter 's vibe ) you be welcome to join we . peter oh , no , thanks . I promise Zooey we would deal with some wedding crap tomorrow . ( like it 's ridiculous ) gotta get that '' seating chart '' figure out . ( Sydney nod , do not care ) alright , well , then , I nil , uh , I will see you ... I will see you , uh , sometime soon . good hang , syd . really fun hang . I '’11 see you . sydney adios , pistol . peter later-gater . int . lucky strike bowling alley - night Peter join Robbie , who wear a league tee-shirt , inside this hip '' bowl lounge . '' 66 . peter I be act like a freak . he tell I be go hike with he friend and I get jealous ! what be I suppose to do , tell he I want to be exclusive ?! robbie you have a little man-crush , that 's all . just make sure he 's not a friend slut . peter what 's that ? robbie someone who 's constantly pick up new friend , dump old one . like lance armstrong . peter why be lance armstrong a friend slut ? robbie because , every week there 's picture of he in US Magazine work out with another guy . it 's Jake gyllenhaal one day . Matthew mcconaughey the next . peter ( then , notice something ) how long have dad be in you bowl league ? peter 's Pov - of the lane we now see that Oz wear a match shirt . he bowl a strike , do a '' crotch chop '' a la professional bowler Pete weber , and hi-five several of Robbie 's gay teammate . robbie he start roll with we a few month ago . the boy love he . Oz give one of the teammate a encourage slap on the ass . peter I mean , it definitely seem like he like I . 67 . robbie he sound great . I just do not want you to get hurt , that 's all . Peter eye he brother appreciatively . peter thanks , Robbie . they be interrupt by Oz and one of Robbie 's flamboyant buddy do a post-strike chant ... oz / flamboyant friend the roof / the roof / the roof be on fire ! int . remax realty office - day Peter be at he desk when a receptionist call out ... receptionist Peter , I have Lou ferrigno for you on line three . at he desk -- tevin downey quietly lift up he receiver , listen in on Pete 's conversation . back on peter - on the phone with Lou ferrigno . peter Mr. ferrigno ? Peter klaven . it 's nice to finally speak to you in person . as he listen to ferrigno , Peter look concerned . peter ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , could you speak a little slower . I be just have trouble understanding you . yes , sir , of course , I know you be hearing impair -- by the front door - Sydney fife enter the office . the receptionist direct he towards Peter 's cubicle . peter ( cont 'd ) ... if you be say that you be concerned about the house , do not worry . we be hold another open House this weekend . 68 . Peter look up , see Sydney . light up . peter ( cont 'd ) ( quietly , motion to phone ) ferrigno. ( into phone ) I think I understand . we will get it do . I promise . Goodbye . Peter hang up . highly stress . tevin put down he receiver , scheme . sydney the hulk busting you ball ? peter I think so , it be kind of hard to tell . I be not try to be ... it 's just , he 's hearing impair , and he be on a cell . what be you do here ? sydney my sperm bank be a few block away on westwood . peter be you kid I ? sydney no , I deposit every couple of week . I may as well get pay for something I be gonna do at home anyway . peter I want to argue with you about this thing , but , you do make a certain kind of twisted sense . sydney I get some leftover koo - koo roo at the house , you want to get some lunch , squeeze in a little jam session ? peter I can not , syd . I gotta deal with this ferrigno situation . Peter pop a Zantac . 69 . sydney what do you have , acid reflux ? peter it come and go . sydney dude , you be not go to get anything do in this state . you need to get some grub and let out a little steam . I guarantee , you will be more focus when you get back to the office . int . sydney 's house - garage - day close on sydney - sit at he drum kit . he kick out a beat . then , in a blaring , geddy lee-style falsetto , he sing the open lyric to the rush song '' Tom sawyer . '' sydney a modern day warrior , mean , mean stride , today 's Tom sawyer , mean , mean pride ! wider -- Peter have Sydney 's guitar sling around he neck . he start play the ensue chord ... sydney ( cont 'd ) though he mind be not for rent , do not put he down as arrogant , his reserve , a quiet defense , Riding out the day 's event ... sydney ( cont ’d ) peter the river ! the river ! and as they jam , we begin a montage under the music ... ext . venice beach boardwalk - day Peter and Sydney walk Anwar Sadat . Sydney point out a dog owner who look uncannily like he dog . sydney I call they ' bowser . 's it 's my nickname for people who look like they dog . peter ' bowser ? 's where do you get that ? 70 . sydney who know ? it just sound right . a muscle beach body builder step in Sadat 's poop . he confront Sydney who start scream at he . a beat later , Sydney shout ' run ! 's and he and Peter take off . ext . empty lot - downtown los angele - day Peter show Sydney he development site , explain what he plan to do with it . ext . the marsh 's house - day butch lead lester to Peter , who wait in front of he car . lester 's still wear he wizard get-up . butch whisper in Peter 's ear ... butch you try any molestation with my son , I 'il cut off you scrotum with a pear knife . be that clear ? peter yes , sir . ( then , peppy , to lester ) alright , lester , you ready to do some fencing ?! int . peter and zooey 's house - night the two of they sit at the dining room table , go over detail for the wedding . Peter 's cell ring . it 's Sydney . he excuse himself , start gab with he friend . int . ferrigno estate - day Peter hold another open House . Sydney emerge from the bedroom . sydney this place be exquisite . I have like to make a offer ! other prospective buyer take note . 71 . ext . park - day Peter take a hike with Sydney and he friend -- a diverse , group of guy . a chubby friend stop , out of breath . Sydney stop the group , help he friend through some deep - breathe . give he some water . the friend recover , thanks Sydney . Peter watch on , impressed at how caring Sydney be . int . fencing gymnasium - night Peter teach lester the basic of fencing . int . sydney 's house - garage - night the music continue ... close on a framed time magazine cover of anwar sadat . close on sydney's puggle . on peter - eyeing the magazine cover and the dog as he continue to jam with Sydney . on sydney - sweat profusely as he pound away . sydney I be do it , man ! I be go full mcconaughey ! and Sydney rip he shirt off , he flabby stomach pulsate with the rhythm of he drumbeat . Peter crack up , go crazy by unbuttone the top two button of he dress - shirt . int . fencing gymnasium - night lester be a fencing prodigy . he and Peter engage in a tense match -- all that sword and sorcery stuff have clearly find its outlet . ext . L.A. street - day Peter and Sydney cruise through Main Street in Santa monica on Sydney 's vespa . Peter notice a man who look just like he dog . he call out ... 72 . peter bowser ! two o'clock Sydney see he - the two friend crack up . int . sydney 's house - garage - night the song be reach it 's climax . Sydney be now stripped down to he underwear , sweat profusely as he scream in he off - key falsetto . Peter 's shirt be completely unbuttone , while he jam out the remain bar to the song . int . fencing gymnasium - night lester defeat Peter . he triumphantly whip off he mask , a huge smile crossing he face . int . sydney 's house - garage - night and as Sydney stand up on he drum-seat , hit the symbol with he toe , before he lose he footing and crash into he kit ... we end the montage . int . peter and zooey 's house - night in bed - Peter and Zooey flip through design magazine . zooey .-- he 's kind of get a point about salman rushdie . I have never hear of he before that Iran thingie . peter Sydney 's theory be definitely out there , but he 's like this weird , street philosopher . zooey he sound really cool . when can I meet he ? peter I actually invite he to the engagement dinner . zooey wow , Peter , this be serious . 73 . peter it 's not . it 's totally mellow . he get divorced recently . I think he and hailey might hit it off . ext . yang chow restaurant - night establish of this famous restaurant in the heart of L.A. 's Chinatown neighborhood . int . yang chow restaurant - continuous the klaven 's have take over one of the restaurant 's small banquet room for Peter and Zooey 's engagement party . Peter introduce Sydney around . peter ... my brother , Robbie . robbie hey ! this be my date , Alan . Robbie introduce they to the married guy from the gym . peter and this be my fiance , Zooey Rice . Zo , this be Sydney . zooey hi ! I have hear so many nice thing about you . sydney same . Pete be like , absolutely ga - ga over you . it 's adorable . Zooey squeeze Peter 's hand . zooey we feel really lucky . Zooey see hailey nearby . zooey ( cont 'd ) hailey , come meet Sydney . hailey walk over . zooey ( cont 'd ) Sydney , this be hailey . my oldest friend in the world . 74 . sydney how you do ? hailey be overtly flirtatious in a faux - shy manner . hailey really good , Sydney . so nice to meet you . zooey ooh , there 's denise and Barry . Peter , come say hi . Zooey pull Peter away , leave hailey and Sydney alone . moment later Barry and Peter be talk . peter I can not remember , do you play a instrument , Barry ? ( point to Sydney ) ' Cause my friend , syd , and I have be jam a lot lately . he 's a stick - man and I wield the axe , so , it 's a good time . barry I do not play a instrument , Peter . peter oh , bummer . I be gonna invite you to hang with we , but , if you do not play , it probably would not be fun . on sydney and hailey not hit it off at all . hailey how could you hate the dalai lama ? sydney he 's a phony . always hang out with Richard gere . what be that ? it 's not like he earn he title . hailey what be you talk about ? 75 . sydney he become the dalai lama when he be two year old . he do not win some kind of dalai lama election . he be a baby . hailey well , I think he 's really inspirational . sydney tell the truth , you just like he because he have a nice smile . joyce okay , everyone ! dinner ! hailey glare at Sydney , walk away . banquet room - minute later a group consist of Peter 's parent , Sydney , and Zooey 's friend sit around a long dining table . joyce ..- ever since oswald get transfer to L.A. , this have be Peter 's favorite restaurant . so , of course , he take Zooey here on they first date . peter no , I only take the girl I really like to Yang Chow ! Zooey playfully hit Peter . Joyce continue . joyce true , true ! but , I remember , when he get home that first night , he call I up and say , ' Mom , I be go to marry this girl . and it 's not just because she want a extra order of slippery shrimp ! 's and , eight month later , here we be ! Peter , Zooey , we be so happy for you . cheer ! everyone toast . they be about to eat when Sydney stand up , clink he fork against he glass . sydney if I could just say a couple of word . 76 . the guest look confuse . Oz quietly turn to Joyce ... oz who the hell be that ? joyce be nice . he 's Peter 's new friend . sydney Zooey , I just want you to know , that , you be marrying one of the most honest , caring and fun loving man I have ever have the pleasure of know . Oz look to Robbie , mouth , ' fun ? 's Robbie shrug . sydney ( cont 'd ) '' the pistol '' be a pleasure - giver . the man life to make other 's satisfied . but guy like that rarely ask for anything in return . so , as he friend , I be here ask you , Zooey , give it back . return the favor . and if you do , I guarantee , you will have a beautiful , and pleasure fill union . to Peter and Zooey . the confuse guest clink glass . Zooey look to ' what the hell do that mean ? 's by the lady room - minute later Zooey walk to the bathroom by a wall of polaroid eat at the restaurant . she take they in , when catch she eye . it 's of peter , smile , with he a attractive woman . the banquet room - minute later various family - style chinese dish line the table . oz Sydney , what line of work be you in ? Peter -- of guest one arm around he exit . 77 . sydney I do private investment , Oz . manage my own money . I holda bunch of different market position . small cap , large cap , a few foreign equity ... oz what have you do before you open you own shop ? train at one of the big firm ? sydney no - no , I never join that rat - race . the idea of toil like a sheep in the trenches of some faceless corp while the ceo and he buddy get rich never appeal . joyce Oz be at IBM for thirty eight year . oz I guess I be one of this sheep you be refer to . sydney not at all , oswald . I have a ton of respect for the company man . it 's just not the way I be draw . ( stand up ) ' scuse I , I just have to use the little cowboy 's room . people eat . Zooey turn to Peter . zooey do you know there 's a picture of you and Lindsay up on the wall ? peter there be ? oh , you know what , they take that a few year ago . i’1l ask Mr. Wong to take one of we . zooey no , I do not care . I be just , point it out . Oz shout across the table to Peter ... 78 . oz private investment ? what the hell do that mean ? peter dad , why do you have to be a jerk ? he say he respects people who work for company . it 's just not he thing . oz his thing ?! Peter , you have know this yutz for three week and you be act like a bigger faggot than you brother . the guest look uncomfortable . robbie it 's okay , everyone , I give he permission to use the '' F '' word . dad , you might be abuse the privilege . oz really ? alright , I be sorry . joyce well , I like he very much . he 's quite a unique individual . and he clearly adore Peter . Sydney reemerges with mr . wong , the happy host . sydney I ask this dude to take a picture of you guy . Mr. Wong aim a Polaroid camera at Peter and Zooey . mr . wong smile , happy couple ! off he flash , we , go to ... int . peter ’'s car - night Peter and Zooey drive home . Zooey be piss . zooey what the hell do you tell Sydney about I ? 79 . peter uh , nothing . aside from how much I love you . zooey then , what be he talk about with all that pleasure - giver stuff ? peter I might have mention that , you know , you do not love blowjob . zooey ew ! Peter , that stuff be private . peter oh , it be ? then , how come hailey and denise know every detail about we sex life ? zooey it 's totally different . I have know they forever . Sydney be practically a stranger . peter well , now you know how I feel when there 's no privacy with you girlfriend . zooey I think you like that guy ? peter I love they , but , sometimes I just want thing to be between you and I . zooey Fine . they drive for a beat . zooey ( cont 'd ) it 's not like I do not like give blowjob . the thing be , rodney hate get they . peter what guy do not like get blowjob ? 80 . zooey he have this weird intimacy problem . it 's part of why we split up . so , I guess I just stop do it . peter see ? if Sydney have not ask I about we sex life , we never would have talk about this . zooey I guess so . still , it be a weird toast , and he also tell hailey that he hate the dalai lama . peter he do ? I love the dalai lama . zooey I know , he 's get such a cute smile . he 's like a tibetan teddy bear ! int . remax realty office - day as Peter head to he desk , he pass tevin downey in he cubicle , practice sign language as he read a copy of signing for dummy . when he see Peter , he try to slide the book under some papers . tevin uh-oh ! there 's my dog ! peter how come you be learn sign language ? tevin my aunt be come to town this weekend . she 's deaf , so , I want to brush up on a few phrase . Peter seem skeptical . he nod , walk away . peter 's cubicle - minute later Peter 's on the phone with Sydney . peter I too , Sydney . I be really glad you come . I gotta say , Zooey be a little freak out by you toast -- 81 . sydney ( 0.s . ) right , because I be point out the truth about something uncomfortable . one beej a month do not a marriage make , my friend . peter yeah , no , in the end , I think it lead to a good talk , but -- sydney ( 0.s. ) cool . glad I could help . what be you up to tonight ? peter I be have a date with Zooey . sydney ( v.0 . ) okay , well , cancel that asap , ' cause I just get a e-mail alert from the fly by night army . peter what be that ? sydney ( 0.s . ) top secret rush fan-club . the holy trinity be play a small club gig at the mint tonight . I have a friend who can get we tix . peter that sound fun , but , I kinda promise she I would -- sydney ( 0.s . ) you have you entire life to have dinner with Zooey . this be a chance to get up close and personal with the great rock band in history . peter I would like to check they out . can I invite Zooey along ? sydney ( 0.s. ) really ? 82 . peter yeah , it have be a good chance for you guy to hang out , start off ona new foot . ext . the mint - night rush fan pour into this mid-size L.A. rock club . int . the mint - continuous sure enough , rush play in front of a small , pack crowd . Peter , Sydney and Zooey be crush between the mass , Peter and Sydney sing along with limelight , while Zooey look absolutely miserable . peter sydney all the world 's indeed a all the world 's indeed a stage , and we be merely stage , and we be merely player , peformer and player , peformer and portrayer , each another 's portrayer , each another 's audience , outside the gild audience , outside the gild cage ! cage ! Zooey look at Peter like he be a complete stranger . he and Sydney be lose in the moment , make eye-contact , sing to each other ... Zooey be completely leave out . int . peter and zooey 's house - night Zooey get ready for bed . we can hear Peter on the phone on he home office . Zooey quietly walk down the hall , see Peter through the half - open doorway . peter dude ! I can not believe they close with subdivision ! that be incredible ... you be right , Neil peart be a god . thanks for hook that up , it be a great night . i’1ll talk to you tomorrow . ( beat ) Love you too , man . g’night . Zooey be completely shocked that she just hear Peter tell Sydney he love he . Peter open the door , catch Zooey stand there . peter ( cont 'd ) be you spying on I ? 83. zooey you tell Sydney you love he ?! peter I say goodnight , I do not remember what I say . zooey Peter , what be up with you two ? we be suppose to have a date , but , instead , you drag I to this concert . you do not say one word to I the whole night . you come home and immediately get on the phone with the guy . be you in love with he ? peter of course not . Zooey , you say you do not want I to be you best friend , so , I go out and find one . and you know what , it 's great ! I do it for you at first , but , I have no idea what I be miss . do you know that I have not take a Zantac in three week ? it 's because there 's all this stuff I be keep inside that I can finally talk about . zooey that 's great , but , it do not mean you can not share thing with I . I feel like I be lose you a little bit . peter you be not . I promise . I love you . I just , like have a friend , that 's all . zooey okay . he kiss she . thing be heating up , when ... Peter 's cell - phone ring . he eye the caller i.d.. peter I have to take this . zooey be that Sydney again ? 84 . peter actually , it 's lester . he should be in bed , I wonder why he 's call so late . zooey lester ? the kid you meet on the internet ? you be still see he ? peter I think I tell you , I be teach he to fence . zooey no , you do not tell I . peter ( answer phone ) lester ? what 's go on ? right , Kim Little , the girl from you Social Studies class . what happen ? Zooey start to walk away , turn back . zooey and I like some of that rush song . not that you ever look at I to notice . she exit , leave Peter on the phone . int . neiman marcus department store - day Peter and Sydney stroll through the formalwear department . sydney so , the big day be come up . how be you feel ? peter I be feel good , but , Zooey and I have be fight a lot in the past couple of week . sydney why be you marrying she ? Peter stop walk , face Sydney . peter what kind of question be that ? 85 . sydney it seem like you have be in one relationship after another . be Zooey the one , or be she just the next one ? peter no , she 's the one . sydney how come ? peter because , I do not know , we be in love and ... that 's a hard question to answer . sydney I be not try to push you , I be genuinely curious . come on , let 's try on penguin suit . formalwear department - men 's dressing room Sydney talk to Peter behind the dress room door . peter ( 0.s. ) I be think about ask tevin if he want in on the ferrigno house . sydney dude , I see that guy 's face on a bus-stop ad . you do not need to split the commission with that frost hair jag-off . Peter walk out , wear a nice , conservative tux . peter I have to face fact , syd , I ’ma flat guy . tevin 's get the flash need to sell the place . ( be : the tux ) what do you think ? sydney turn around , let I see the back . Peter turn around . syd stand up , start touch the fabric around Peter 's shoulder 86 . sydney ( cont 'd ) it 's a bit conservative and I be not in love with the drape . I have like to see you in something with some flare , peacock it out a little . Sydney hand Peter a tux -- flashy , but cool - look . sydney ( cont 'd ) here , give this one a shot . peter there be no freaking way I can pull this off . sydney you have this image of yourself as this tight , by -the-book guy , but , I have see you let loose in the Temple of doom . it 's the same thing with the ferrigno house -- you have the skill , you just do not have the confidence . try it on . Peter reluctantly head back into the dress room with the new tux . as he and syd talk , we intercut between dress room and wait area . sydney ( cont 'd ) hey , so , I want to talk to you about something . I have a investment opportunity , it 's a complete winner , but , the problem be all my fund be tie up in equity , so , I be cash poor right now . peter uh-huh . sydney yeah , I have get a bit of a liquidity problem , so , I want to know if you would consider loaning I a few sheckle . I have pay you back , of course , with interest . peter how much money be we talk about ? sydney I would need like , five . 87 . Peter exit the dress room in he flashy tux . peter five thousand dollar ? sydney dude ! that look great ! peter it do ? sydney do not forget , Zooey 's artsy . she 's gonna love that . you be like a confident , sexy peacock . peter five thousand be a lot of money . Zooey 's not really close with she family , so , we be pay for the wedding -- sydney Pete , enough say . a opportunity come up , think I have ask -- peter can you tell I about the investment ? sydney I actually can not . it 's confidential in nature . peter okay . well , let I think about it . just then , doug , the attractive guy who kiss Peter on they man-date spot he . doug hello , Peter . peter Doug , hi , how be you ? awkward beat . then ... doug you know , it take a lot of nerve to spend a beautiful evening with someone , and never call they again . 88 . peter Doug , let I explain , I -- Doug eye Sydney -- assume they be together . doug I get it , Peter . I just wish I could take back that kiss , because , I feel something I have not feel in year , and , now , I realize , it be the taste of betrayal . peter it be not the taste of betrayal ! and Doug storm off . Peter turn to Sydney . peter ( cont 'd ) I can actually explain what just happen there . ext . '' the grove '' — day Peter and Sydney stroll through this outdoor shopping mall . Peter hold a Neiman Marcus bag with he new tuxedo . sydney from the engagement party , I figure you do not have a ton of friend , but , I do not know it go that far . peter either do I . the truth be , it be never a issue until we get engage . sydney wait , so , you be use I because Zooey want you to have a best man . peter dude , no , that 's not it at all . I have actually give up on meeting someone . then , you come into that open House , we hit it off , and , one thing lead to the next . sydney I just wish you have tell I . 89 . peter I be embarrassed . look , you have a million friend -- sydney who be piss at I ' cause I have be spend so much time with you . peter really ? sydney they be like a bunch of teenage girl . they will be fine . look , I just want you to know , you can tell I anything . peter I really appreciate that , man . ( stop , turn to syd ) so , listen , about that investment -- — sydney Pete , forget I even mention it . peter no , I have be save my whole life , plus , you be right , I be gonna sell the ferrigno house . I be happy to loan you the money . I know you be good for it . sydney really ?! pistol , that 's great ! peter it 's the least I can do for the best man at my wedding . sydney what be you talk about ? peter I want you to stand up there with I . be you cool with that ? Sydney look like he 's go to cry . sydney of course I will be you best man . it would be my honor . 90 . and Sydney reach out and give Peter a warm hug . unuse to this intimacy , Peter pat he on the back , the way most man do when they hug . sydney ( cont 'd ) sh-sh -sh , no patting , brother . when you give a real hug you do not pat -- you just hold on and feel the friendship . Peter do . it 's different . more intimate . oz and robbie exit the movie theater at the Grove . they stop in they track , as they spot Peter and Sydney hold each other . robbie oh. my. god. oz I know you take away my permission , but I be sorry , that two be a couple of tushy twin . and then , Doug walk by , shaking he head as he watch Peter and Sydney 's pda ... doug uch . Fucking whore . .».- only add to Oz and Robbie 's confusion . int . fencing gymnasium - day Peter and lester have they mask off as they casually parry with each other . peter it 's right here in L.A. , it 's like the biggest junior fencing competition in the country . I say we give it a shot . lester you think I be good enough ? peter dude , you be gonna kick that other kid 's butt . lester I do not really want to do that , peter. ( more ) gl . lester ( cont 'd ) I just want to engage ina gentlemanly contest and let the best fencer win . peter of course . you can do that too . int . fencing gymnasium - locker room - minute later Peter and lester change into they street clothes . peter so how 's it go with that girl ? what 's she name ? Kim Little ? lester I ask she to coffee , she say she have never date any one name lester the molester . I think she 's sleep with Sam krickstein anyway . peter lester , she 's eleven . I guarantee you she 's not sleep with Sam krickstein . lester make love ... whatever . they be definitely link romantically . lester put on he wizard 's hat and Harry Potter glass . Peter watch -- consider something . peter buddy , let I throw something out here . I be think the glass and hat might be get in the way of you social life . lester what do you mean ? peter well , they make a statement . and it 's not a bad statement . it show you be into magic and sorcery and whatnot , but , I kind of feel like you be a cool dude on you own . you do not need the costume to prove it . 92 . lester you be say I should go without the hat and glass ? peter I be say try it . see how you feel . lester consider this for a long beat . then ... lester you may just have a point , Peter . int . peter and zooey 's house - night the two of they sit around the kitchen table with piece of paper related to they wedding plan . zooey so , if hailey do not bring the strap - on guy , which be pretty likely , we will have a empty seat at we table . peter actually , I be think Sydney might sit with we . zooey really ? peter I ask he to be my best man . beat . Zooey take this in . then ... zooey okay . peter well , be you happy about that ? bum ? give I something other than , ' okay . 's zooey I feel like he have some issue with I -- maybe I be crazy , but that 's the vibe I get . 93 . peter I do not think that 's the case . you guy just have not spend that much time together . but , I 'il talk to he . zooey Peter , no , do not do that . peter why not ? zooey because , then he 's go to think I be say shit about he . peter but you be say shit about he . zooey that 's not the point . I do not want you to say anything . please . peter okay . zooey ( back to the wedding stuff ) alright , so , we still need to pick up the marriage license . can you do it at lunch tomorrow ? peter um , yeah , I mean , I can move some stuff around . zooey well , do you have a meeting or something ? peter no , I be just gonna meet up with Sydney . it 's fine , I will move it . zooey we can make it after lunch if that 's better . peter okay , yeah . what about two o’clock at the Marriage Bureau ? 94 . zooey Fine . peter hey , I be excited . it 's become so official ! Zooey smile weakly . ext . venice beach boardwalk - day Peter and Sydney eat gyros while they walk Anwar Sadat . lance armstrong and vin diesel roller - blade past they . peter ( under he breath ) Fucking lance armstrong . sydney what ? peter nothing . sydney so , what do Zooey say about I be you best man ? peter she , be uh , she be cool about it . sydney dude , come on , you voice go up when you say that . peter fuck . I be the worst liar . I promise she I would not say anything , but , she feel like you have not make a effort with she . sydney Pete , Zooey seem like a great girl , but , the fact be , she 's not my friend . you be , and , to that end , I be there for you , 100 percent . it 's bro 's before ho 's with I . some woman have a problem with that , but , that 's just the way it be . 95 . peter be that why you marriage break up ? sydney sure , it be a contribute factor . across the way , something catch Peter 's eye . peter I know that 's why he be learn sign language . Peter 's Pov -- at a boardwalk restaurant , tevin downey be have lunch with the incredibly muscular lou ferrigno . too late . sydney Holy shit . be that downey ? we gotta confront they . peter syd , no , let I think for second . Sydney be on the move , storming up to they table . sydney what the hell do you think you be do ?! tevin do I know you ? sydney no , but I believe you know my friend , Peter klaven , who have the exclusive on this man 's property ! Peter walk up to they . tevin hey , Peter . you know Lou ferrigno , right ? peter yes , hi , Mr. ferrigno . how do you two know each other ? tevin I reach out to Lou , ' cause , I be organize a fund - raiser for hearing impair athlete . it 's a cause that 's near and dear to I . 96 . sydney that be total crap , you cheeseball ! Lou , you give Peter the list on the house ... lou ferrigno I know , and he 's not do shit with it ! sydney that 's bullshit , hulk ! he 's set the table , lining up some serious buyer . this stuff do not happen overnight . tevin Peter , who the hell be this guy ?! sydney be I talk to you , hi-lite ? I do not think so . look , hulk -- lou ferrigno please get you hand out of my face and stop call I hulk . I ’ma person , okay ? sydney ( get really work up ) you be a person ?! so be Peter klaven ! he 's bust he dick try to sell you house , and you double - cross he with this redondo Beach douchebag ! peter Sydney ! sydney fuck you , hulk ! Sydney throw a punch at Lou ferrigno who dodge it , with very little effort , grab Sydney , put he into a sleeper - hold , as he gently ease he onto the ground . as Sydney futilely fight back -- lou easy , easy , do not fight it . Peter 's cell - phone ring . peter hello ?! 97 . zooey ( 0.s. ) hey , I be just check in . I be on my way to the Marriage Bureau . sydney ahhh !!! get the fuck off of I !!! zooey ( 0.s . ) be that Sydney ? peter yes , he get in a fight with Lou ferrigno -- zooey ( 0.s. ) he what ?! what be go on ?! peter Zooey , I do not think I can make it . I be really sorry . zooey ( 0.s. ) how could you not make it ?! Peter --- peter Zo , I gotta go ! sydney he 's choke I ! the hulk be choke I ! int . peter and zooey 's house - night they stand in the kitchen . Zooey be dumbfounded . zooey why would anyone get in a fight with Lou ferrigno ? peter Sydney 's a hot-head . he think he be stand up for I . zooey so do you lose the list ? peter I believe I do . zooey and what do that mean for you development property ? 98 . peter I probably have to let it go . I be count on the commission for the down payment . zooey you have some money save up . can not you write they a check , you know , to show you good faith . peter no . between the wedding , and , then I leat Sydney some money , I be just a little short . zooey wait-wait , you leat Sydney money ? peter for a investment . all he money be tie up in equity , so ... I mean , he 's go to pay I back . zooey Peter , that 's not the point . we be get marry . you can not keep that kind of stuff from I . peter can I ask you something ? why do you think we be get marry ? zooey what be you talk about ? peter Sydney ask I the question , you know , ' why Zooey ? 's and I ... of course I love you , but , I be not exactly sure how to answer that . zooey be you kid I ? two week , before we wedding you be ask I why we be get marry ? peter I ... it just come up . okay ? forget I even ask . 99 . zooey you know , Peter , in my opinion , that 's the kind of thing you figure out with you friend , not you fiance . ( anger building ) so , I be go to stay with denise and Barry , and you and you pal Sydney can hang out , and go to rush concert , and fight lew ferrigno , while you try to answer the question of why the hell you propose to I after only eight month of dating . okay ?! Goodbye ! she exit , slamming the door behind she . peter 's home office - later that night Peter 's on the phone with Sydney . peter this be good ? how be this good , Sydney ? sydney 's garage - continuous ( intercut conversation ) sydney because , pistol , you need to be sure . this will give you some space to think about what you be do . I be go to joshua Tree with some of my buddy for the weekend . why do not you come with ? peter do you hear what I say ?! Zooey walk out on I ! how can I think about take a male- bond weekend trip ?! and also , why do all you guy always go to joshua Tree ?! sydney Peter , in time of stress , you guy friend be who you can count on . this be exactly the time for you to be do that . alright , Seinfeld 's on letterman . I gotta go . g’night . 100 . Peter hang up , look out the window . his neighbor be now share a intimate romantic dinner with a date . they laugh , then , he kiss she . Peter look troubled . his phone ring . he pick it up . peter hey , lester . yes , tomorrow afternoon . i’11 pick you up . what ? no , I be fine . nothing . just some stuff with Zooey . I x11 see you tomorrow . ext . peter and zooey 's house - morning Peter look like crap as he walk towards he car . int . / ext . peter 's car - morning he drive to work when something catch he eye . peter oh my god . peter 's p.o.v. -- there be a huge billboard of Peter , a la James bond in a tuxedo , point a gun at the lens . a sign beneath read : '' peter klaven . license to sell . '' at the bottom , he office number at remax Realty . Peter turn a corner -- see another billboard with he likeness . this time , he 's in a suit , with Ray - Ban sunglass tip onto he nose , like a poster for a cheesy 80s movie . the slogan read : '' peter klaven . the market 's so bright , he's gotta wear shade . '' peter ( cont 'd ) oh . my goddd ! Peter turn into he office parking lot . right across the street , another billboard . in this one , he 's dress as a cowboy , ( with a thick moustache ) -- photo -shop in front of a olde West Street . the slogan read : '' pistol '' pete klaven . the fastest realtor in the west . '' peter ( cont 'd ) oh. my. gooooddd !!! int . remax realty office - day as Peter enter , he co-worker , who have clearly be talk about he billboard , pretend to go back to work . 101 . he head to he desk , mortify . the older female co-worker walk by . she 's be genuine ... older female CO - worker very creative advertising . he nod , then make eye-contact with tevin downey , who mockingly pretend to shoot a gun in he direction . ext . sydney 's house - day Peter 's car screech to a halt in front of the house . the garage - moment later Peter bang on the door to the man-cave . Sydney open peter that 's what you spend my five thousand dollar on ?! sydney you see the billboard ?! pretty awesome , right ? peter pretty awesome ?! '' the fastest realtor in the West ? ! '' '' the market 's so Bright , he 's gotta wear shade ? ! '' they be idiotic ! i’1l be the laugh stock of the entire real estate industry ! sydney you know what , man , I be try to help , okay ? that douchebag downey have bench ad over the entire West side . you need this kind of stuff to get a leg up on the competition . peter look , I appreciate the gesture , but , why do not you just tell I ? sydney because , I know you , pistol . I know you have react exactly the way you be do now . so , I figure I have take matter into my own hand . it. 102 . peter Sydney , in one day you have screw up my career , ruin my relationship -- sydney by do what ?! ask why you want to marry Zooey ? that 's what man do for each other . peter I be so goddamn sick of you ridiculous code ! ' you can not tell woman this . 's ' it 's bro 's before ho 's . 's Sydney , I like share stuff with Zooey . I like spend time just hang out with she . you know that my favorite night in the last five year be when she and I stay home , make a summer salad , and watch chocolat together . and it be my pick at blockbuster ! sydney chocolat ? that be just ... I do not even know where to begin . beat . then ... peter look , I think we need some time apart . sydney what be you talk about ? peter us. this . whatever it be we be do here . it 's not work out . sydney you know what , man , I have to agree . peter right , so , I think it 's probably best , that , uh ... if I do actually have a wedding ... ( this be hard for he ) ... that you not be there . sydney sound good to I . 103 . peter and , if you could have that billboard take down -- sydney will do . and I will get you that five grand next week . peter no rush . oh , and I think you have my season two lost dvd 's . I mean , if you have not watch they , you could just -- sydney it 's okay , man . here you go . Sydney pick up the box - set of lost , hand it to Peter . the two man shake hand . sydney ( cont 'd ) I wish you the best of luck , Peter . peter you too , Sydney . ( as he leave ) why would you hate the dalai lama ? he 's absolutely adorable and he stand for peace . and Peter exit . ext . sydney 's house - continuous Peter head to he car , pass Sydney 's friend , who have just pull up in a van , ready for they weekend away . peter he 's all yours , guy . they look confuse as Peter get in he car , speed away . int . L.A. sport arena - day a major junior fencing competition be take place . Peter stand near the '' strip '' ( the fencing area ) with lester , who 's about to go on . Peter seem really wound up . peter how you do , lester ? you nervous ? 104 . lester not really . I feel a strong sense of inner peace . peter alright , good . ' Cause I feel like I be gonna throw up . lester hey , Peter . peter yeah ? lester I be really glad you be my friend . Peter 's clearly touch . a announcer approach . announcer you ready , son ? lester yes , sir . the announcer speak into a mic . announcer and now , for the final match of the Los Angeles County junior fencing competition , from Riverside , we have Aaron lieberman . and from Glendale , we have lester , the uh ... ( confuse , as he read from a piece of paper ) ... lester '' the molester '' marsh . own the nickname , lester raise he hand , as he acknowledge the small crowd . the two fencer salute each other , as we go into slow motion . lester be incredible . graceful . confident . totally in control . Peter cheer on he protege . the crowd grow as word of a incredible fencer spread throughout the arena . the referee continue award lester point . and , after close with a flourish , the match end . the referee raise lester 's hand in triumph . 105 . lester remove he helmet , as a huge smile cross he face . the crowd cheer . he gentlemanly bow to he opponent and shake he hand . end slow motion Peter run up to lester . peter dude ! that be incredible ! lester it be a excellent match . my opponent be very skilled , but , I think I get the better of he . then , a cute girl , 12 , dress in fencing gear , approach . cute girl Mr. marsh ? I be kira . I fence in the Van nuy club . would you like to parry with I sometime ? lester I would very much like that , I - lady . cute girl okay , cool . here 's my e-mail . she hand he a piece of paper with she info , walk away . lester turn to Peter , stunne . peter you get digit ! lester I know ! how awesome be that ! they try to hi-five , but end up miss each other 's hand . peter we will get that next time . come on , I be take you out to celebrate . int . yang chow restaurant - night Peter and lester eat chinese food . peter -».so , if you and that fencing girl hit it off , you need to figure out a place to take she for a date . 106 . lester like my room ? peter no , somewhere public , like a restaurant , or pinkberry . one of the reason I like to come here with woman be they know I . I be familiar with the menu . I be comfortable here . date be stressful enough , you want to try to control you environment as much as possible . lester you really know a lot about girl . peter Girls I be pretty good at . guy , not so much . I gotta run to the bathroom , I 'il be right back . by the men 's room - moment later Peter wait for the Men 's room to open up . as he do , he eye the wall of photo . the Polaroid of he and Lindsay be still up . but next to it be a new photo , take the night of the engagement party , of Peter and Zooey -- look happy and in love . mr . wong , the owner of the restaurant , approach . he point to the new photo .. mr . wong come out nice , right ? where 's you beautiful fiance ? peter oh , hey , Mr. Wong . yeah , she , uh , she could not make it tonight . mr . wong you be lie . peter how the hell do you know that ? mr . wong you be voice get high , like a girl . I be not worried about you , Peter . you 'il bring a new one in here soon enough . 107 . he pat Peter on the shoulder , exit . Peter take this in , then , he turn , look again at the photo of he with Lindsay and Zooey . he turn he attention across the restaurant to lester , happily eat a moo-shoo pancake , as we go ... close on a hand ringing a door -bell ext . barry and DENISE 's house - night denise open the door , revealing Peter stand outside . in the b.g. , Barry and he friend be play poker . DENISE Nice billboard . i’11 get Zooey . denise exit . Peter make eye-contact with Barry and he friend , who do not look happy to see he . peter ( call out ) I can not stay . just come to talk to my fiance . Zooey approach . zooey '' license to sell ? '' peter I know . that 's what Sydney do with the five grand I leat he . he think they have be good for my career . zooey they definitely get you name out there . and you look kind of cute with a thick moustache . peter Zooey , I know why I want to marry you . zooey I be all ear . peter the truth be , I have be a girlfriend guy , but , you be the first woman I have ever be with who really want I to have my own life . ( more ) 108 . peter ( cont 'd ) I have to come clean , I hear you talk about I at that lady night a couple month ago . zooey of course you do . it be totally obvious . peter oh . okay , well , I think you want I to have friend for you , but , I be pretty positive you actually want that for I . and , that 's one of the most romantic thing I can ever imagine . so , can we get this engagement back on track . zooey yes . I hate it here . Barry and he friend be awful . peter by the way , I end thing with Sydney . zooey really ? Peter , I hope you do not do that for I . peter I do not . he can be a great guy , but , it just be not work out . and we fade up a slow , acoustic version of the classic Queen song , '' you be my best friend , '' over the follow : ext . peter 's car - day he drive past he development site near downtown L.A. , clearly upset that it be now out of he reach . ext . venice beach boardwalk - day Sydney walk Anwar Sadat alone . the dog poop . he walk away . a woman scream at he but Sydney just keep walk -- do not have the energy to scream back at she . 109 . int . silverlake reservoir - dusk Peter and Zooey walk hand in hand on jogging path , engross in conversation -- connect again . a woman jog by -- she look exactly like she dog . Peter point she out to Zooey ... peter check it out ... she 's a bowser . she look exactly like she dog . zooey I do not really see it . Peter be clearly disappointed ... int . sydney 's house - garage - night Sydney put he jergen and condom from he jerk - off area into a drawer . he look longingly at the music area , focus in on the guitar Peter use to play . int . / ext . peter 's car - day as Peter drive to work , he look up , catch one of he billboard . shake he head . but on he face , it 's clear he 's start to see the humor in it . ext . sydney 's vespa - day while he drive , he look up at another '' peter klaven '' billboard . clearly think about he friend . and we end the song as the montage come to a close ... int . remax realty office - day Peter enter the office . the receptionist greet he . receptionist Peter , where have you be ? peter oh , my wedding 's this weekend , we have to do some preparation . 110 . receptionist alright , well , check you voice - mail . you have like a million message . off Peter 's confusion ... peter cubicle - moment later he pick up the phone , dial he voice-mail . in a series of cut , we hear various prospective buyer and seller ... then .. buyer and seller ' be this pistol Pete ? I have a home in Los feliz I have be try to sell ...’ ' hi , I be call for the James bond of Real estate . I see the ferrigno estate online and , I have lot to take a look at it .' ' I be look for a property in bel Air . 's ' the market 's so bright ... that 's hysterical . call I . 's lou ferrigno ( 0.s. ) Peter , hi , it 's Lou ferrigno . great freakin’ billboard ! I be sorry I doubted you , man . I tell that douchebag tevin , I want you to have the exclusive back , so , if you can forgive and forget , please give I a call . oh , and I have a sign hulk poster for you friend . I hope he neck be okay . thanks , Peter . or , should I say , '' pistol Pete . '' call I . Peter look out the window , where one of Sydney 's billboard be mount . he clearly can not believe it . tevin downey approach from the back , start tickle Peter . tevin there 's my Dog ! ( Peter push he away ) I likey the billboard . I underestimate you , my brother . what say we go to Houston 's , grab a burger and a beer and figure out how we can tag-team this ferrigno thing . 111 . peter you know what , tevin . I would never go for a beer with you . because I only do that with my friend . and you , sir , have no idea what it mean to be a friend . now if you 'il excuse I , I have to go to my wedding . and also , the next time you tickle I , I be gonna punch you in the fuck face , Dog ! and a proud Peter exit the office . ext . bacara resort and spa - day establish of this beautiful hotel overlook the pacific , just outside of Santa Barbara , California . int . HOTEL suite - continuous Peter be get ready in the bedroom , while Oz and Robbie watch a televise golf tournament in the live room . Peter put on the flashy tux he buy with Sydney . walk out to show it to the guy . robbie look good , Peter . oz ( be : the golf ) get in the hole ! peter so , any word of wisdom dad ? it 's clear Oz and Robbie be totally focus on the golf . oz you 'il be fine . peter really ? no insight about the fact that I 'il be sleep with the same woman for the rest of my life ? oz to be honest , I really try not to think about that peter. 112 . robbie you know I have nothing to add . on the tv - Tiger Woods putt . oz get leg ! robbie I would totally fuck Tiger Woods . oz I do not blame you . he 's buff as hell . he have give you the ride of you life . peter guy , I be get marry in a hour and you two be my groomsman . I mean , come on , give I something . oz it 's the back nine at the U.S. OPEN , Peter . peter right , that be important . okay , I be gonna take a walk . Peter leave the two of they alone . Oz turn to Robbie ... oz you wear condom when you do it with all that guy , right ? robbie every time . oz good . they exchange a nice father / son look . then ... peter ( be : Tiger Woods ) ooh . I think I see the outline of he dick in he pants . int . car — day on the passenger seat - a audio-book of the dalai lama 's the art of happiness . 113 . a narrator read the book over the car 's speaker . a cell - phone ring . close on sydney , drive , as he pick it up . we hear he side of the conversation . sydney hello ? wow , I do not expect to hear from you . you sure it 's a good idea , I mean , it 's you wedding ? I do not want to impose . alright , well , if I hurry , I might be able to make part of it . I know , I be sorry too . hey ... I be really glad you call . bye-bye . slightly wider -- we now see that Sydney be wear a tuxedo . outside the car - Sydney 's rental geo metro pass a sign which read : santa barbara - 10 mile . int . HOTEL suite - day Zooey emerge from the bedroom in a bathrobe -- hailey and denise be get ready in the live room . DENISE Zo , this be ridiculous . who 's it gonna be ? zooey okay , I have think a lot about this . you be right , I do have a best friend . DENISE be it hailey ? I know it ! you know what , that 's great . seriously . I get it , you have know she longer . hailey be you serious ? it 's I ? zooey would you shut up ? it 's not you . DENISE yes ! 114 . zooey guy , it 's Peter , okay ? Peter be my best friend . DENISE Peter be you best friend ? hailey I think you be skeeve out by that idea . zooey iwas . but , then I think about it and ... look , I love you guy ... you know that , but , Peter 's about to be my husband . he understand I more than anyone else in the world . so , that 's it . he 's my best friend . hailey that be so sweet . DENISE you still have to pick a maid of honor . zooey I love you both equally . you be go to have to share the job . hailey I love you so much , Zooey . DENISE I love you too , but , honestly , I be a little bum . I think you be go to pick I . ext . bacara resort and spa - day by the beach -- eighty guest have now take they seat . amongst they -- Peter 's fencing buddy , the older female real estate agent and she husband , the old man Peter go on a man-date with , lester 's parent , and he gay date , doug . Peter stand by the altar , with he groomsmen , Oz , Robbie , and lester . Oz lean over , whisper in he son 's ear ... oz hey , I be sorry I be not there for you more when you be a kid . 115 . peter that 's okay , dad . oz you just always seem like you have you shit together . what have you first get laid when you be ten ? peter thirteen . oz still ... not bad . you turn out good , Peter . I be proud of you . Oz warmly rub he son 's shoulder . Robbie lean over . robbie how you feel ? peter great . I be ready . robbie it 's be fun get to know you . peter you too , Robbie . Robbie take Peter 's hand , sweetly squeeze it . oz guy , we be at a wedding , we gotta stop act like a bunch of homo . lester Peter , en garde ! here she come ! Music play , and a beam , beautiful Zooey head down the aisle , follow by hailey and denise . the justice of the peace whisper to Peter ... justice of the peace I be sorry , but whose get the ring ? Peter eye he groomsman , then respond ... peter I do not really have a best man , so , I nil just hold onto it . 116 . as Zooey approach the altar , she take in Peter 's outfit , nod she head , psyched . zooey awesome tux . she stand across from Peter , denise and hailey by she side , along with a long row of bridesmaids . justice of the peace good afternoon . we be gather here today in this beautiful place , to join together Peter klaven and Zooey Rice in matrimony . if anyone can show just cause why they may not be marry , let they speak now , or forever hold they peace . beat . then , from behind the guest , sydney fife emerge . peter oh , shit . all the guest turn they head . sydney no , I do not object . seriously . I be all for it . continue . Zooey turn back to Peter , smile at he ... zooey I hope you do not mind . peter you invite he ? zooey I could not let you get marry without you best man . peter I love you so much . zooey I love you too . they be about to kiss , when ... justice of the peace wait ! we have not even do the ceremony ! 117 . peter right , sorry . Sydney , come on up here . he do . take he place next to Peter , who hand he he ring BOX , whisper ... peter ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about all the stuff I say . sydney I too , man . ( beat ) oh , dude , I rent chocolat . ( then ) just ... delightful . the two friend exchange a quick laugh as the justice continue ... dissolve to : ext . bacara resort and spa - reception area - dusk cocktail hour . a band play . guest mingle . Robbie and Doug be hit it off . in another corner , Sydney walk up to hailey . sydney hey . hailey hey . they stand there for a beat . then ... sydney I be wrong about the dalai lama . he 's a amazing guy . hailey really ? because , I do not actually know anything about he . you be right , I just like he smile . across the way , Peter and Zooey watch they interact -- they laugh , hit it off . peter so what happen ? I think you could not stand he . zooey the more I think about it , the more I realize he do what a great friend be suppose to do . he ask you the really tough question , and I be pretty sure he do it because he care about you . ( off Peter 's nod ) plus , you seem really sad when I do not get that whole bowser thing . Sydney approach . sydney thanks for call , Zooey . zooey I be worried you would not get here in time . sydney well , there be no traffic and I be a pretty fast driver , so -- peter dude , you be lie . you voice when up when you say that . sydney I be five minute away when Zooey call . I love you , man . invite or not , there be no way I be gonna miss you wedding . and also , I want to give you this . Sydney hand Peter a check for five thousand dollar . peter Sydney , you do not need to do this . sydney pistol , I know you do not believe this , but , I be actually a pretty successful investor . I tell you , I just have a liquidity problem . the billboard be a gift . 118 . 119 . peter oh my god , they work ! we have a offer on ferrigno . my development site be back on . sydney that 's great , Pete . I be happy for you . a bridesmay motion for Zooey to come over and say hi . before she walk away ... zooey oh , and , for the record , Sydney , I do like give blowjob . I just get out of the habit . but , thanks for look out for you buddy here . sydney I have learn more about how to treat woman from this guy than any friend I have ever have . the least I can do be make sure he 's get bj 's on a regular basis . peter I be just incredibly uncomfortable with the conversation you two be have . zooey why ? we be all friend ... ext . bacara resort and spa - under a tent - night guest be seat at table as the meal be serve . the band play . Peter walk up to the bandstand , whisper to the bandleader , who hand he the mic and motion for the musician to stop play . peter hi , everyone . thank you all so much for be here . since get engage to Zooey Rice , I have learn a lot about myself , about relationship , and about friendship . Zooey , I know you do not like I to say this , but , I do not care . you be my best friend , and I hope that never change . 120 . on zooey - tear up . she quietly reply ... zooey you be my best friend too , Peter . denise and hailey exchange a look . they have to accept it . peter there be just a few people here I want to mention specifically . first off , my young brother Robbie . we have not be close we whole life , but , this past few month , he 's help I in way I could never imagine . so , Robbie , here 's to you . ( look around ) where be he ? oz I think he 's bang the caterer . Doug drop he head , bum . peter oh , I see . well , I will just convey that to he in private . anyway , Mom , dad , lester , hailey , denise , you guy have all be there for I as well , and I thank you for that . but most of all , I want to thank someone who teach I the true meaning of friendship . Sydney fife , I love you , man . Peter walk up to Sydney , and the two man hug . no patting . and as they hold on to each other , Joyce turn to Oz ... oz I be not say a word . and as credit roll ... ext . bacara resort and spa - night close on a guitar as Peter play the drive open note to rush 's limelight . wider -- Sydney be behind the drum-kit he join in on the beat -- a headset mic strapped to he face , as he begin sing in he not-so-beautiful falsetto ... 121 . the rest of the band join in , and the guest start to dance . as the music continue , Sydney rip he shirt off ... sydney I be do it , man ! I be go full mcconaughey ! Peter crack up , look to Zooey -- she face a combination of shock and delight . and as he unbutton the top couple of button on he shirt , and the music continue , we ... fade to black : the end