I love you phillip morris a true story of life , love and prison break written by Glenn ficarra &amp ; John requa base on the book by Steve mcvicker 4.27.2008 1 ext . sky - day 1 fluffy white cloud drift across a clear blue sky . title card - " this really happen " fade to white : title card - " it really do " a dull whine be hear building in volume until finally - smash CUT to : 2 int . TEXAS state penitentiary hospital ward - 1998 - day 2 startle , steven russell ( 40 ) open he eye . gaunt and pale , he seem to be on death 's door . the whine we once hear be now the high - pitch alarm of medical equipment . the door burst open . nurse enter , rush toward he . the nurse pass he and attend to the patient in the next bed over , frantically administer cpr . super : " TEXAS state penitentiary infirmary - 1998 " a doctor appear and push the nurse aside . doctor where 's the crash cart !? he straddle the patient 's chest and push down hard - the sound of a sternum cracking can be hear . Steven return he gaze to the ceiling . a cheery voice counterpoint the bleakness of this scene . steven ( v.o . ) ( upbeat and happy ) Love sure be a funny thing ... it make you happy . make you sad . make you do all sort of thing you never think you would do before . Love 's the reason I be here actually . smash CUT to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 2. 3 ext . marshland - chesapeake BAY , VA - 1966 - day 3 a group of four nine year old lie in the grass atop a hill . they stare up at the cloud , playfully argue . red haire boy I still do not see it . little girl it 's right there . a young steven russell ( 9 ) be among they . young steven it 's really big . steven' mom ( o.s. ) steeeeeeeeeven ... Steven look down the hill to see he mother call . steven' mom ( cont 'd ) steeeeeeeeeven ... 4 int . live room chesapeake BAY , VA - 1966 - day 4 Young Steven sit in the middle of the couch . his parent and 11 year old brother stand before he . he stare at they - innocent and doe-ey with a big smile on he face . steven' mom be you a happy little boy Steven ? Steven smile and nod . steven' mom ( cont 'd ) you have always be such a happy little boy . ( then ) now Steven , we want to tell you something very important , but I want you to understand that it do not change a thing . Steven await , smile . steven' mom ( cont 'd ) we be still gonna love you , you be still gonna be we happy little boy and you be still gonna -- steven' brother you be adopt . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 3. young steven shut up ! he glare at he brother , then turn back to he mother . her face say it all . steven' mom it 's true . whack ! she swat he brother in the head . Steven start put thing together . steven' mom ( cont 'd ) you brother overhear you dad and I talk and well , we do not want you to hear it from anybody but we . ( then ) it 's true . you be a special little boy . you know why ? because we choose you . not like you brother here who 's natural . steven' dad you mother 's right . it 's cause we love you . so we put some money in a brown paper bag and give it to you real mom in the hospital parking lot so you could come home with we . okay ? steven' mom it do not change a thing honey . we love you just as much as we love you brother here ... ( best of intention ) ... and he 's natural . steven' dad so son , be you okay ? Steven smile wide . young steven yes daddy . as he parent prattle on , Steven 's vo come full . steven ( v.o . ) it hurt a bit , but I decide I be not gonna let it get I down . no way . I be gonna be the best son - no , the best person I could be . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 4. 5 I /e. virginia beach church of GOD - 1984 - day 5 a joyous Sunday . OPEN on the letter board of the virginia beach church of GOD . the date read , MARCH 1984 . a congregation pack the church to the rafter as a lawrence welk-ish choir praise Jesus to the tune of hallelujah ! we shall rise . amidst this white - man 's paradise sit a smile and healthy steven - play the organ with a happy-stick plant firmly up he ass . as the joyous flock whoops it up , Steven wink to he wife ( debbie ) and they 4 year old daughter ( stephanie ) who sit in the first row . Steven , oblivious , hit a sour note or two -- but keep on play with happy abandon . the crowd continue to enjoy the inspiring hymn . 6 I /e. virginia beach police station front desk , 1984 - day 6 a police receptionist ( mandi ) at a switchboard in a small - town police station answer the phone . mandi Virginia Beach Police Department , how may I direct you call ? Steven enter in uniform , smile wide . mandi wave happily . she cover the receiver and whisper . mandi ( cont 'd ) something come for you . as he nod and move on he 's greet by a various policemen . we can tell he 's well like . steven hey fella . various policeman hey Steve , Steve , mornin ' , etc ... Steven arrive at he desk to find a large file BOX . he turn it around to reveal write on the side . it read , " basham , brenda " 6a int . steven' house , virginia beach - 1984 - night 6a establish of the empty part of the home . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 5 . 7 int . stephanie's bedroom ( virginia , 1984 ) - night 7 Steven switch off the small lamp beside Stephanie 's bed . he kiss she forehead . steven have lot of dream ... stephanie ( smile ) okay . 8 int . steven and debbie' bedroom ( virginia , 1984 ) - night 8 Steven and Debbie kneel at the edge of the bed , praying . debbie ... and if it be not for you Jesus , I would have never find that last coffee filter and prayer - Girls would have be ruin . so thank you for that . steven amen . Steven move to get up but settles back in when she continue . debbie and thank you for steffie 's allergy screen come back all negative . I always know it be in you plan for she to enjoy nut . and finally I want to thank you for this man Jesus . this man who work so hard to make we happy without even a think for himself . Steven smile at that sentiment . again he move to get up when -- debbie ( cont 'd ) this man who pursue I to the end of the Earth and promise I a life of eternal happiness . a promise he have keep oh Lord . every day . amen . steven amen . Steven try to get up again . then - " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 6 . debbie sometimes when I think of how happy I be , I just want to cry . like the time when you -- steven ( politely ) okay let 's wrap it up ... debbie and in you gracious name , I find thee and praise thee . amen . steven amen . CUT to : 9 int . steven and debbie' bedroom 1984 - night - later 9 click . in bed with Debbie , Steven switch off the light and let out a hearty yawn . steven I be absolutely bushed . debbie I too . they turn on they side , back to back in the bed . after a few moment of silence , Steven roll over and put he arm around she , gently feel she breast . Debbie turn on she back and they kiss quietly as Steven quietly get on top . in moment , they be rock with the gentle rhythm of everyday sex . just as thing be peak , Steven suddenly stop and strike a conversational tone . steven Deb - you know how , as a cop , I have lot of access ? you know - record and thing ? debbie ( surprised ) Steven - steven ( oblivious ) now do you think it 's , you know , unethical , to use that to find my mother ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 7 . Debbie quickly realize where he head be at . debbie oh ... that . yeah , um , well I do not know - steven I swear honey - get around the system 's so easy . no one would even know I do it . debbie I know you want to find she Steven , but you need to think about this . steven you be right , I should not have do it . debbie you do it !? oh my God , Steven - what would you find ? Steven shrug . steven I have not look . it 's downstairs . debbie really ? well let 's go ! she move to get up . Steven take umbrage . steven well hold on - let I finish . debbie oh , right . Steven thrust and tense . steven there - that 's get it . 10 int . steven and debbie' house 1984 - dine room - night 10 Steven flip through the file box , read through various page . Debbie watch with compassion as he read . eventually he crack a incredulous smile . debbie what ? steven she 's right here . she 's be right here all this time . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 8. debbie it 's really she ? steven yeah . no question . debbie my goodness Steven , that 's wonderful . he read on , he smile ever widen until - he come across something that concern he and he voice trail off . his smile fade , replace by a look of dread . Debbie grow concerned . debbie ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ? Steven ? he can not believe he eye . 11 ext . bascombe home , virginia , 1984 - day 11 Steven walk up to a middle class home and rap on the screen door . a kindly woman ( mrs . bascombe ) arrive behind the mesh wear a birthday party hat . mrs . bascombe ( alarmed ) be something wrong officer ? steven be you barbra bascombe ? mrs . bascombe yes . be something wrong ? be someone hurt ? steven ( lip quivering ) in a manner of speak , yes . you give up a baby for adoption , correct ? a ashen look overcome Mrs. basham 's face . she remove she hat . mrs . bascombe I do not think I know what you be talk about . Steven can see that behind she be a small family gathering at the table , group around a birthday cake . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 9 . steven Elizabeth City ? St Jude 's Hospital ? remember ? mrs . bascombe I do not know what you be talk about . steven you be young . I know that you make a mistake give I away , but - mrs . bascombe listen - steven shhhhhh . mommy please - let I finish . what color that remain in she face drain away . steven ( cont 'd ) we all make mistake . what I come here to say be , I forgive you because none of we be perfect but now with a fresh start we can build -- she slam the door in he face . from behind the door - mrs . bascombe ( o.s. ) I have no idea what you be talk about , Steven . steven no , it 's okay , I know everything . but it 's fine . just tell I why -- mrs . bascombe ( o.s. ) go away ! steven okay , okay . I understand . it 's a lot at once . but I can come back . how 's that ? I can come back later , I will bring we some coffee and we can talk about ... ( suddenly furious ) why you abandoned I and kept you other two child ! I be the middle child ! what be wrong with I ?! what be wrong with I !? tear stream down Steven 's face . he get in he car and slam the door . and as he sit there try to make sense of thing ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 10 . steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I quit the force that day . I pack up the family and move to Texas . I get a great job and get to live the american dream . 12 i/e russell house - houston - 1986 - day 12 the ideal suburban american barbecue be in full swing at the new Russell household . in a series of brief vignettes , Steven show off the house , he family and he new corvette . CUT to : a happy Steven move through the backyard with a plate of meat fresh off the grill . continue past the buffet he enter the dining room to find six year old stephanie ( same actress ) happen past . Steven lovingly scoops she up without a think . stephanie I can not find my blue fish . debbie ( o.s. ) Steven ? he turn to see Debbie across the room talk to a young couple . she wave he over . steven ( to Stephanie ) in the laundry room . he put she down and head over to Debbie and the couple . debbie Steven you have not meet we new neighbor down two and across the street - Neil and Sara . steven no I have not . I hope you be plan on change the paint . what do you call that color ? neil oh we be change it . they all burst into loud break - the-ice laughter . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 11 . steven good , good , good ... good . neil so Debbie tell I you use to be in the police force back in Georgia . steven Virginia Beach . neil right. sorry ... SARA ( embarrassed ) Neil ... steven yeah , kinda lose interest . get back into the family business . neil which be ? steven produce . I work for sysco . neil that 's a big outfit . they give you that corvette out there ? steven yes sir-ee . debbie great benefit , too . steven and the hour do not crush I either . I get plenty of home time . debbie it 's good to have he where I can keep a eye on he . steven ( suggestive ) among other thing ... Debbie give a embarrassed guffaw as he smooches on she . SARA ooooooh ! watch out ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 12. and as they giggle and play wrestle ... 13 int . houston apt . bedroom ( tyler ) - 1986 - night 13 amidst the moonlit shadow , the thumping of vigorous lovemake be hear . it continue , get louder and louder until we make out two form do it doggie-style in the bed . Building to the climax , Steven moan with pleasure . steven I be gonna come , I be gonna come ... suddenly we see the face of the moustached man he 's fuck . moustached man do it man ! come in my ass ! smash CUT to : 14 int . TEXAS state penitentiary hospital ward - 1998 - day 14 we be back with Steven in he hospital bed at the penitentiary . steven ( v.o . ) oh do I forget to mention I be gay ? yeah , sorry about that . I be gay . Gay , gay , gay , gay , gay . have be as long as I can remember ... smash CUT to : 15 ext . marshland - chesapeake BAY , VA - 1966 - day 15 we're back on the hilltop from the beginning of the movie . nine year old Steven and he three young friend crest the verdant hill - run and laugh through the backlit dandelion fluff of a idyllic summer day . they all collapse into the long grass like the splay arm of a starfish . catch they breath , they stare up at the sky - search for shape in the cloud . little girl I see a pony ! what do you see !? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 13. little boy I see a diesel train ! red haire boy I see a whirlybird ! young steven I see a wiener . they look at he with incredulity . red haire boy what ?! what kind of wiener ? young steven a man 's wiener . little boy shut up ! there 's no wiener ! young steven uh huh ! red haire boy no there 's not ! there be a long silence . then - little girl oh I see it . there it be ! young steven told ya ... and as the other boy squint closely ... steven ( v.o . ) anyway where be I ? oh yeah -- smash CUT to : 16 int . houston bedroom - 1986 - night 16 once again , the moustached man throw he head back in the throes of lust . moustached man do it man ! come in my ass ! Steven drive it home . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 14 . steven ( v.o . ) ( matter of fact ) and I do . 17 ext . houston apartment doorway , 1986 - later that night 17 the moustach man and Steven say goodbye at the door . steven ( v.o . ) I have be live a lie for a long , long time . I tend to do that ... hide thing . moustached man you be careful out there , you be a little drunk . 18 ext . houston STREET - 1986 - night 18 Steven drive he red corvette , hard top remove , with a content look on he face . he glow as the Pet shop boy ' " West end Girls " play on the radio . steven ( v.o . ) now just because I be screwing around do not mean I do not love Debbie . I do . I love she with all my heart ... Stephanie too . my family be all I have and they need I . so I tell myself it be just a little lie and it be better for everybody if it stay that way . ( beat ) that 's what I tell myself . but life have a way of force this thing into the light . crash ! a crossing pickup truck smashes into the driver side door -- violently propelling steven and he corvette out of frame . steven ( v.o. ) you might even call it a epiphany . 19 omitted 19 20 ext . ditch - houston , 1986 - later that night 20 badly mangle and triage , Steven stare intently at the night sky with he one good eye as paramedics remove he from the ditch on a back -board . the remain of the corvette be all around . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 15 . steven ( low murmur ) I have not live my life . paramedic try not to talk sir . steven ( bleary ) fuck you ... no one be go to tell I what to do anymore . no more lie . I be go to live my life . my way . be the real I . time for some good live . buy what I want , do what I want , fuck who I want . my way . paramedic okay sir whatever you say . steven I be gonna be a fag . paramedic okay . steven a big fag ... paramedic alright . ( to other paramedic ) let 's move . 21 int . houston hospital corridor - 1986 - night 21 Debbie walk alongside a doctor , deeply concerned and listen to he assessment . steven ( v.o. ) yep , just like that I decide to start my life over and live it like the real I . no more lie . I be bear again . 22 int . houston hospital - 1986 - night - continuous 22 Debbie enter the room to find Steven , bandage and bristle with tube . steven ( v.o. ) it would be hard to break it to Debbie , but I know I would find a way ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 16 . he turn he head to she and smile wide . steven honey , I be gay ! Debbie freeze , she can not believe she ear . and as she stare at he smile face in shock ... steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) to my surprise , we stay friend . ( then ) and I be finally free . fade in : 23 ext . STREET - south beach florida - 1992 - day 23 vintage mambo music . Palm tree line a upscale Palm Beach shopping district . well - heele nabobo cruise the boulevard , shopping and be see . two miniature doberman pinscher on a tandem leash appear from around a corner soon follow by the new steven with a handsome young man on he arm ( jimmy kemple ) . Steven 's pajama-like clothes , perfect tan and loose demeanor make he the very essence of a man with new find freedom . steven ( v.o. ) life be good . everything be fall right into place . I move to Florida , get a new job , have two adorable pup , I be dating a cute guy name Jimmy . I could do anything I want ... 24 int . gay club - miami , 1992 - night 24 dance music thump as Steven pass around a tray of drink to friend . steven ( v.o. ) but it do not take I long to realize something that never occur to I before . actually no one ever talk about this but ... when everyone be serve , he raise he glass and let 's loose a party hoot . they concur and drink . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 17. steven ( v.o. ) ... be gay be really expensive . ( beat ) it be . Steven lean over and make out with kemple . 25 quick montage 25 quick cut of Steven enjoy he gay life with kemple at boutiques , salon , resort , gy , haute cuisine restaurant , etc ... steven ( v.o. ) I mean it 's not just suck cock . it 's wardrobe , it 's hair , personal trainer , big label , resort , fine dining ... it go on and on and on . so I need money . and for a guy without a college education , my option be limited . 26 int . grocery store - miami , 1992 - day 26 Steven inexplicably pour cooking oil out onto a grocery store aisle with a basket sling over he arm . steven ( v.o. ) so I have no choice -- ( beat , giddy ) I become a con man ! slip - wham ! Steven throw himself in the air and fall flat on he back with a scream . steven ( v.o. ) of course that be easy for I , every closet case be a con anyways . and as people gather around , he grasp he neck and moan litigiously -- 27 int . law office - miami , 1992 - day 27 OPEN close on a paralegal . she open a briefcase and remove a envelope . CUT to reveal Steven hold crutch at he side , across from a few lawyer . the paralegal hand he the envelope . lawyer you check . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 18. steven thank you . with great difficulty , Steven get on he crutch and make he exit . steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now it do not happen all at once . it be sort of a gradual thing ... 28 ext . grocery receiving dock - miami , 1992 - day 28 a old warehouse manager emerge from a darken amity foodservice trailer with a crate of tomato in hand . as he step out onto the dock , he pass Steven , who be talk with a 500 pound produce manager . tomato crate be all around . steven ( v.o. ) it start with work . tomato . I use to buy low grade tomato in the field and sell they to clueless chain store as higher grade . produce manager this be gorgeous . u.s- 1 right ? steven ( big smile ) finest in the land ... and as they talk - steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's call `field buy ' . I could clear three thousand dollar in a good week do that . but frankly it be not enough . 29 int . miami jewelry store - miami 1992 - day 29 Steven stand before a salesperson at a counter . saleswoman Cash or charge ? steven charge ... Steven flip through a handful of identical credit card . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 19 . steven ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) Steven a Russell , Steven G Russell , Steven m Russell , Doctor Steven m Russell , Doctor Steven J Russell ... ( see one he like ) ah ! he give a card to a smile saleswoman . saleswoman thank you ... ( read card ) ... mister Evans . can I see some id ? steven of course . and as Steven riffle through a equally large stack of driver' license ... 30 int . department store - miami 1992 - day 30 Steven stand atop a escalator , look around . steven ( v.o. ) but when money get really tight , the slip and fall always come in handy . he throw himself down the escalator , out of frame to the floor below . painful tumble be hear . at the bottom of the escalator a hard thud be hear . a beat later , Steven 's foot slide into frame . 31 int . palm beach apartment - 1992 - live room - morning 31 christmas music . dress in pajamas , Steven and kemple sit cross -legge at the base of they Christmas Tree , surround by tear paper and strewn gift . Steven 's arm be in a cast . kemple open a hinge case to reveal a gold rolex watch . kemple oh wow ... steven what do you think ? yes ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 20 . kemple well Steven it 's beautiful . it really be . steven you do not like it . kemple no , no , no . I do . steven you do not like it . kemple I be menstruate . do not listen to I . steven tell I what 's wrong with it . be it the gold ? kemple well ... steven that 's why I get you the stainless ! he take out another box and hand it to kemple . kemple Steven ! as he open it , Steven grab the gold rolex . steven the gold one be for I , dipshit . kemple smile broadly as he admire he new watch . the phone ring . Steven rush to answer it . steven ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas ! 32 int . debbie' houston home , 1992 - morning - continuous 32 Debbie , on the phone , be intercut . Stephanie be in the background , open gift at the base of they tree . debbie merry Christmas . steven hi Debbie ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 21 . debbie how 's Jimmy ? steven good . do you get the gift ? debbie well that 's why I be call ... CUT wide to reveal a gift BOX filled with stack of cash . steven you be welcome ! debbie I can not keep this . steven why not ? debbie well ... it 's not Christian . steven not Christian ? why 's that ? debbie this be not what the Lord want . steven so you be say you know what the Lord want ? debbie no . I would never say that . why ? do you think this be what he want ? steven it 's the leap of faith Deb . it 's the not know that 's the answer . this get traction with Debbie . debbie well I never think about it that way ... stephanie ( o.s. ) mommy look ! CUT to reveal Stephanie have she own BOX of cash . debbie Steven ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 22. and as Steven listen to Debbie 's rant -- steven ( v.o. ) of course , Jimmy and Debbie have no idea what I be up to . for the time be , at least ... 33 int . amity food service - miami , 1992 - morning 33 Steven exit a elevator and saunter into work , happy as ever . he pass the amity foodservice logo and a cherubic secretary . steven Morning Sandy ! cherubic secretary Morning Steven . you have visitor . steven okey -dokey ! Steven quickly get a deeply concerned look on he face as he approach he office . the door be slightly ajar . he secretly peek in to see ... two federal marshall wait in Steven 's office . he instantly know what 's go on . steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Federal marshall ... CUT to : 34 int . amity food service - miami , 1992 - morning 34 Steven pace nervously outside the elevator , grow more and more anxious as he wait . steven ( v.o. ) they want I for all sort of stuff - insurance fraud , identity theft , passport fraud . they be probably gonna extradite I all the way back to Texas . I have to decide what to do next . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 23. 34a ext . palm beach apartment - 1992 - day 34a Steven 's Ford bronco cruise past the apartment building to find a few police car park outside . he drive on . smash CUT to : 35 ext . abandoned lot - florida , 1992 - day 35 Steven blubber to himself inside he bronco which be park in a bleak lot near a loom billboard . steven ( v.o. ) but one thing be for sure -- I be not gonna let they put I away . I be a cop and I know what jail be like . and there be no way I be go there . I have a plan . he continue to cry uncontrollably as he raise a prescription bottle and dump all the pill into he mouth . he reach into the back seat and pull out a bottle of galliano to wash it down . he start up the car . steven ( v.o. ) yep . everything be gonna be just fine . 36 ext . road - florida 1992 - day 36 car pass through frame , quickly head wherever it be they be go . moment later , a car horn be hear , incessantly blaring and building in volume until -- steven' car idle into frame at 1 mph . the Heights ' , " how do you talk to a angel " be barely audible over the car horn and steven be slump over the steering wheel . moment later , it veer off down into the grassy shoulder and out of frame . fade out . 37 int . palm beach hospital - 1992 - morning 37 Steven awake in a hospital bed . he look around and eventually look through the observation glass into the hallway . he see Debbie talk to a cop . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 24 . kemple ( o.s. ) hey ... he readjust to see Jimmy sit nearby . steven ( bleary ) sorry . kemple why do not you tell I ? steven I can not go to prison , Jimmy . I can not . I can not go to prison . I can not . I can not ... kemple okay-okay calm down . it 's okay . I just want to tell they you be awake and we can take it from there . confident that Steven be calm , Jimmy step into the hall . 38 int . palm beach hospital corridor - 1992 - continuous 38 Jimmy join Debbie and the cop in the hallway . Steven be visible in bed through the glass . debbie do you know Steven be want ? kemple not until just now . debbie he like to keep little secret sometimes . kemple like the fact that he be a big queer ? debbie yeah , like that . kemple but suicide , my god . debbie well he do tend to overreact . kemple I feel like I do not even know he . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 25 . debbie well Jimmy , that 's the thing . I be not really sure he know who he be . he 's search , at least that 's how I figure it . I be just not sure he know what it be he 's look for . kemple ( to cop ) can you tell I exactly what he do ? as they continue to talk , they fail to notice Steven get out of bed and look around blearily . he pick up a bedpan , reach into he gown and absent - mindedly pisses -- miss the pan completely . cop he have several warrant out in Texas . fraud , forgery , embezzlement ... debbie what ? kemple I should have know ... I should have say something . debbie do not blame yourself Jimmy ... I do the same thing . there be always sign . I should have know he be gay when he start shave he chest . kemple that would be a warning sign ... debbie and all that Peter Allen music on he walkman . kemple denial be a powerful thing . I do not feel so bad now . debbie I just never think . but now steal ? kemple he 's probably be do it for year . I say to myself he do it just to buy I thing but I do not think that 's true . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 26 . debbie it 's bigger than that . I be sure . kemple but why then ? debbie and why suicide ? I mean - just like that ? after that , he dress and walk out the door behind they . kemple I know - he seem so happy and -- just then Debbie notice Steven be not in bed and look up in time to see he disappear around the corner . debbie Steven !!! 39 ext . palm beach hospital parking structure - 1992 - day 39 Debbie , kemple and the cop exit the hospital and look around frantically . they spot he run across the open air lot and give chase . Steven come to a stairwell door . it 's lock . he run some more and find himself cornere at the guard rail . kemple Steven !!! stop ! kemple , Debbie and the cop slowly approach . Steven glance over the guard rail . one floor down be a opened dumpster . kemple ( cont 'd ) Steven ! Steven look down again . kemple know what he 's think . kemple ( cont 'd ) wait Steven . do not ! Steven look down . the soft bag of trash below beckon he to freedom . kemple ( cont 'd ) Steven I be serious ! you stop or you ' will never see I again ! ( no response ) I mean it ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 27 . Steven look to kemple and then to the cop right behind he . he jump and -- kemple ( cont 'd ) steven ! they run to the guard rail and look over to see -- Steven lie moaning and delirious on he back next to the dumpster . fade out . 40 ext . TX state penitentiary breezeway , 1995 - day 40 as inmate chant and stomp , a new inmate walk the line to he new cell clutching he prison issue belonging . although we can only see he from behind , we can only assume this be Steven . he continue he walk amidst a shower of stare and jeer and threat raining upon he . inmate ( yell ) 40a int . TX state penitentiary cell block , 1995 - day 40 a the unseen inmate continue past the open cell of he new home and eventually the unseen inmate enter a cell to find -- 41 int . TX state penitentiary prison cell , 1995 - continuous 41 steven be recline on he bunk , relaxed and ready to greet the inmate ( he new cellmate arnie ) with a smile . steven hi. welcome to prison . I be Steven . arnie be scared . terrify . speechless . steven ( cont 'd ) oh do not worry , I be not gonna hurt you . first time ? he nod . steven ( cont 'd ) shit , I be so scared when I first get here . but you get use to it . ( more ) " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 28. steven ( cont 'd ) only take I a year . you just need to know a few in and out and you will be fine . 42 ext . TX state penitentiary breezeway , 1995 - day 42 Steven escort arnie through the prison , wave to various inmate and guard along the way . steven ( upbeat ) you be gonna catch a beat any day now , that 's just the way it be . I lose three tooth and crack a vertebrae . anyway , all you need to do be fight back . win or lose , just fight back . ( then ) or you could try to suck the guy ' dick . you choice . he move on . 43 int . TX state penitentiary law library - 1995 - day 43 Steven and arnie stand at the door of the prison 's law library . steven Law Library . I pretty much live here . I do not really have anyone on the outside except my ex-wife - so I just hunker down here learn everything there be to know about the law . ask I anything . arnie have no response . Steven point across the library where a menace older inmate study a law book . steven ( cont 'd ) see he . over there ? him ? anything you want from outside , he 's the guy . candy , cigarettes , drug , whatever . he 's the guy . ( then ) just keep in mind - it 's gonna cost you a lot of money . or you could suck he dick . you choice . 44 int . TX state penitentiary cafeteria - 1995 - day 44 Steven and arnie stand outside the empty cafeteria . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 29 . steven Three meal a day . not so bad . just make sure if you make enemy with someone , he do not work here . otherwise you will wake up one morning shitting blood and find out you have be eat ground glass in you cornbread for six week . arnie notice one of the inmate work in the kitchen spitting a loogey into the mashed potato . he mix it in and cackle with glee . Steven pay no mind . steven ( cont 'd ) let I introduce you to the mail guy . his name 's Gary . 45 ext . TX state penitentiary breezeway , 1995 - day 45 a mean-look con name gary man a mail - cart while he talk with Steven and arnie . gary ( mid-sentence ) ... letter , magazine , shit like that - it all go through unmolested . but if grandma 's send you cookie , or porn or brownie or whatever -- you be gonna have to pay for it if you wanna get it . five buck per item or you can suck my dick . Steven turn to arnie . steven you choice . 46 int . TX state penitentiary cell block - 1995 - day 46 Steven and arnie arrive at the doorway of they cell . steven well that 's about it . you be gonna be fine . do not worry . and if you need anything you just let I know . alright ? arnie think a moment . arnie so , uh , do I need to suck you dick ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 30 . steven that would be great . Steven gently shove he new cellmate into the cell . 47 int . TX state pen - phone bank / common area - 1995 - day 47 Steven be on one of the many pay phone . debbie ( o.s. ) hi this be Debbie and steffie . sorry we miss you . leave a message . God bless ! beep . steven hey Debbie . hi sweetheart . sorry I miss you . I think one o'clock be we time but maybe not . I sure miss you guy . thanks for the picture and the article . sometimes it 's just nice to know there 's someone out there who still care about I since Jimmy leave and all . so ... uh ... Steven be hold the stainless steel rolex he give kemple as a gift . he regards it wistfully . steven ( cont 'd ) ( think , drift ) do you think I break he heart ? ( snap out of it ) sorry . sometimes I forget it 's just the machine ... I will try you again next time . one o'clock . do not forget . he hang up . bore and lonely , he have a moment of repose . just then , a loud ruckus across the common area get he attention . Steven watch as a group of rowdy prisoner throw whatever they can find at a small bird as it fly around , trap in the cavernous hall . the man laugh and hoot as the bird be strike down and lie motionless on the ground . as the prisoner resume they activity , Steven notice a gentle looking inmate approach the bird . rapt , Steven watch as the inmate sympathetically scoops up the bird and walk off . Steven be quite take . CUT to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 31 . 48 int . TX state penitentiary - law library - 1995 - day 48 the gentle inmate , phillip morris , be a slightly build , handsome blonde boy-man . he struggle to reach a book on a high shelf . helpless and irresistible , he be surprised when Steven reach in to help retrieve the book . they eye lock and they stare in a short silence , until - phillip ( slightly blanche dubois ) thanks . guess I need a few extra inch . steven glad to help . how 's the bird ? phillip huh ? ( realize ) oh. him , yeah ... he 's at peace . steven oh , I be sorry . phillip it be for the best . he be suffer . Steven acknowledge he kindness with a smile . steven ( refer to law book ) Civil law ? you know , I be a attorney . phillip really ? steven you suing someone ? phillip I do not know what I be do . there 's a guy I know - he 's in the infirmary now . he 's sick - he 's real sick ... aids . I think maybe I could find a way to get he some help - I mean real help . not here . I do not know - maybe I could -- I do not even know what I be look for ... Steven be intrigue . steven do he have a lawyer ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 32 . phillip yeah . steven have he get in touch with the prisoner rights Committee . they deal with this all the time - pro bono . I have get the number . phillip well thank you , I -- steven my name 's Steven Russell . phillip please to meet you Steven Russell , my name 's Phillip Morris . steven I have not see you around Phillip . I be always in the yard ... phillip I do not go to the yard . you know what happen to blonde haire , blue eye queer in the yard ... steven it be kind of rough out there . ( then ) you do not look like you belong here Phillip . phillip I do not . steven why be you here ? phillip I rent a car ... and keep it too long . steven Grand theft ? phillip theft of service . steven insurance fraud . phillip no . just theft of service . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 33. steven no. me. insurance fraud . phillip damn , we be both in a mess be not we ? steven do not seem fair , do it ? phillip no , it do not . steven you know , I keep find that life 's a little shittier than I think it be gonna be . phillip oh , listen to you , gloomy Gus . I think you be gonna be just fine , Steven Russell . Steven take this to heart . steven ( playful ) I guess I be inclined to believe you . phillip why 's that ? steven I meet you today , do not I ? Phillip smile . 49 int . TX state penitentiary - law library - 1995 - later 49 Steven sit close to Phillip at a table . a large open law text lie between they . steven ( mid-sentence ) ... I make the mistake of write she and say I be lonely in here . and next thing you know , my ex- wife catch she put the neighbor 's puppy in a box to mail to I . phillip ohhhhh , she sound so sweet ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 34 . steven oh she 's a angel . ( then ) I think I will be sure to write she back and tell she I be not lonely anymore ... that I make a good friend . Phillip smirk for a moment , but soon Steven notice the smirk turn to a reticent frown . steven ( cont 'd ) what ? phillip why would I have to meet you today ? steven something wrong ? phillip it 's just - I be be transfer to Michael unit today . steven what ? phillip I be sorry . steven do not be sorry . it 's just across the yard . phillip well I do not go into that yard so it might as well be Oklahoma . ( then ) just figure with my luck . I be bear Friday the 13th ... steven it 's not gonna change a thing , Phillip . in fact , Friday the 13th 's my lucky day . do not worry , this right here . this be destiny . phillip but we only just meet . steven listen , I have love a lot . and I have be around , so I recognize the feel . ( more ) " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 35 . steven ( cont 'd ) that one you and I be have right now - the one you be try to forget exist because you be go away . but there 's about 6000 volt shoot across this table here and you know you can not deny it . phillip do not you think you be come on a little strong ? steven I know you be try to protect yourself , I get that . it 's fine . give I a chance to prove you wrong . Phillip be melting but try to hide it . phillip I be sure I do not know what you be talk about . Steven smile wide as if to throw down the gauntlet . steven good ... Phillip turn to walk away and hide he giddyness . 50 int . TX state penitentiary - michael unit , 1995 - day 50 Phillip pass the cell of Michael unit , clutching he belonging and soon enter he cell . he look around sheepishly until he be interrupt - cleavon ( o.s. ) you Phillip ? Phillip turn to see cleavon - a huge black inmate mop the hall outside he cell phillip yes . he toss Phillip a fold note . he catch it and look at it with a smile . phillip ( cont 'd ) already ? Phillip open it up . as he read , he face brighten considerably . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 36 . steven ( v.o. ) Phillip , hope you new place be nice . Nice enough anyway . I hope the chocolate make it to you okay . check the t.p. Phillip look at the spare roll of toilet paper and turn it over . a small chocolate bar be stick in the tube . steven ( v.o. ) I hope you try to make some new friend and not be too shy . I guess I should tell you a little bit about myself ... dissolve to : 51 int . TX state pen - michael unit - phillip' cell - day 51 OPEN close on a note as Phillip scrawl it . phillip ( v.o. ) dear Steven . I keep think about you say I be shy . I guess you be right , but I do not feel shy around you . I think that mean something ... as he vo continue , Phillip fold up the paper and pass it through the bar back to cleavon . 52 int . / ext . TX state penitentiary , 1995 ( montage ) 52 various shot as we follow the note be pass by different hand and mean throughout the prison on its way to Steven . phillip ( v.o. ) anyway thanks for the chocolate , but I should tell you I be diabetic so I probably should not ... but I do anyway . it 's be so long since anyone 's show I any kindness and well , it mean a lot . I just wish you be here ... 53 int . TX state pen , 1995 - steven' cell - continuous 53 Steven read the letter on he bunk . phillip ( v.o. ) ... write I back soon . Phillip . Steven finish the letter and fold it up , look strangely expressionless . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 37 . 54 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip' cell - day 54 Phillip peer out of he cell to see cleavon work he way nearer with he mop . he 's giddy . moment later , cleavon pass he by . Phillip be bum . 55 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip be cell - next day 55 again Phillip watch as cleavon pass he cell without leave a note . 56 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip be cell - next day 56 Phillip lay in bed , impatiently . he seem upset . he anxiously peer out the bar and catch a glimpse of the mop cleavon work he way closer to he cell . phillip hurry up would you ? cleavon I be not no motherfuck dhl , faggot . besides I be not get nothing for you anyway ... phillip but it 's be three day . cleavon you get a tracking number , motherfucker ? phillip no . cleavon then shut you faggot ass . Phillip slump back onto he bed , depressed . phillip congratulation Phillip , scared off another one . a few moment later , he 's startle by the clang of he cell door slide open . he look up - a correction officer stand over he . correction officer Morris - you get a new roommate . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 38 . this be no consolation to Phillip . he heave a heavy sigh until he see steven enter he cell , clutching a pile of belonging . Phillip be overwhelm as the cell door slam shut behind Steven . phillip oh my God . how the hell do you do this ? Steven slowly move closer . steven I know a guy . I take care of it . I be gonna take care of everything ... Steven gently caress Phillip 's face . Phillip be melting . then suddenly , Phillip grab Steven 's ass . phillip enough romance , let 's fuck . they launch themselves onto the bunk and as they get to business ... fade out . 57 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip be cell - that night 57 Phillip and Steven spoon in a glow post-coital cuddle . phillip and for a while I be executive Assistant to a Broadway producer ... steven really ? what 's a Broadway producer do in Atlanta ? phillip I do not ask . steven what would you do for he ? phillip I mainly just ride around town in he limo , drink and suck he off . there 's a moment of silence , then a realization ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 39 . phillip ( cont 'd ) now that I hear myself say it , I think he be just some rich chicken hawk . they get a giggle out of this . phillip ( cont 'd ) oh well , he be a nice guy . I only date he for a little while anyway . then I date this full - blooded Apache who make I dress up like a baseball player . steven Apache ? what be he name ? phillip melvin . steven Phillip - you amaze I . phillip what ? he be a nice guy too . steven that 's what I be say - you only see the good . Phillip shrug , but before he can reply - a pierce human screech interrupt he . steven ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? CUT to : 58 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - screecher' cell - night 58 the inmate who spit a loogey into the mashed potato in the cafeteria be sit up on he bed , screeching at the top of he lung . this be " the screecher " back to : Phillip continue to talk . phillip that 's the screecher next door . he do it all night . I never get any sleep . he drive I crazy . steven you poor thing . how awful ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 40 . the screecher continue he routine . fade out . 59 omitted 59 60 ext . TEXAS state pen canteen , 1995 - - day 60 Phillip emerge from the line munch on a candy bar when he notice a ruckus on the other side of the fence . he wander over to see a large prisoner beat the crap out of the screecher . large prisoner I be gonna cut out you motherfuck tongue with you screeching all night . as guard descend on the two , the large prisoner continue to beat on the screeching screecher . Phillip sidle up next to a bald prisoner . phillip what do he care - he be not in we block ... bald prisoner someone probably pay he . 61 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip be cell - later 61 recline on he bunk , Steven do a crossword puzzle . Phillip enter , stand by the door . phillip get up ... Steven sit up . phillip ( cont 'd ) do you pay to have the screecher beat up ? steven I ? phillip do not bullshit I . do you pay to have he beat up ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 41 . steven well you say he bother you . phillip just answer I . steven yeah . yeah , I do . phillip Steven ... a tear come to Phillip 's eye . phillip ( cont 'd ) this be the most romantic thing anyone 's ever do for I . he clamp onto Steven and hug with all he life . steven I just want you to be happy , baby . phillip you be so amazing !!! and as they roll on the bed playfully ... 62 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - cleavon be cell - night 62 cleavon lay on he cot stare at the ceiling . eventually a hand enter through the bar hold a cassette tape . phillip ( o.s. ) cleavon - put this in . cleavon no man - not now . phillip ( o.s. ) it 's important . cleavon how important ? Phillip 's hand disappear for a moment and come back with a five dollar bill . cleavon ( cont 'd ) ten. " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 42. phillip ( o.s. ) Fine . but you gotta play the whole thing . cleavon yeah , alright . phillip ( o.s. ) promise ? cleavon fuck you - my word 's my bond motherfucker . cleavon take the cash and put the tape in a boom BOX . a familiar romantic tune begin to play ... cleavon ( cont 'd ) fuck man- johnny mathis ? Fucking white - ass nigger ... he bury he head in the pillow as " chance be " play . 63 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip be cell - night 63 as the music seep into they dark cell , Steven read a law book by pen light . Phillip grab Steven 's hand and try to pull he off the bed . phillip c'mon ... steven what ? phillip c'mon . dance . steven no. no ... I can not dance . phillip yes you can . steven no I can not . I be serious ... phillip honey , you be queer - it come with the package . steven well not I . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 43. phillip c'mon , I will show you ... he drag he up and begin he lesson . phillip ( cont 'd ) hold I here ... and here . okay watch ... Steven stumble he way through the slow dance for a while , but with Phillip 's help he begin to settle in . soon they be nestle into each other , sway sweetly to the music . 64 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - common area - night 64 the music continue as a group of prisoner watch a vhs copy of ghost on a tv . Phillip wipe away a tear and Steven hold he closer while , in the front row , a one -eyed latino jerk off to the sight of demi Moore . latino man yeah you fuck bitch ... 65 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - cafeteria - day 65 music continue as tray after tray be fill with gray slop . this persist until suddenly two of the trays receive a beautiful steak and some shrimp . Steven nod at the slopmaster and offer a wink to a very impressed Phillip . 66 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - shower - morning 66 music continue as Phillip and Steven shave side by side , smile at one another . 67 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip' cell - night 67 music play on as Steven and Phillip continue they romantic dance . they be unfaze as the light in the cellblock go out with the loud sound of circuit trip . they dance on . guard ( o.s. ) light out ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 44 . eventually , the hollow sound of johnny mathis reverberate through the block be the only thing we hear . they dance on . guard ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) light out ! they continue to dance . footstep approach be hear . guard ( cont 'd ) I say light out . turn it off . cleavon ( o.s. ) fuck you pig . guard ( o.s. ) turn it off or we be come in . cleavon ( o.s. ) well come on in . I get a dick that need suck . clank ! offscreen we hear the cell door open and the sound of a scuffle be hear . voice ( o.s. ) on the ground ! fuck you ! my word be my fucking bond ! my word be my fucking bond ! and as the sound of a horrendous beat echo through the cellblock , Phillip and Steven dance they dance - oblivious to all but each other . fade to black . 68 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - phillip be cell - morning 68 Phillip and Steven sleep soundly together in the bunk . a claxon blare and they cell door open - accompany by the sound of a dozen other . guard ( o.s. ) rise and shine ! they barely stir until -- clang -clang-clang ! a guard hit the bar with he club . guard ( cont 'd ) Russell ! get up ! Steven and Phillip be rudely awaken . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 45 . guard ( cont 'd ) grab you shit ! let 's go ! the guard enter to roust Steven . phillip what 's happen ? guard you be transfer . nonney snitch you out about the screecher . you be go to ramsey two . steven ah shit ... they grab Steven and yank he out of the cell . phillip wait ! Phillip try to follow but a guard knock he back down onto the bunk . steven do not you touch he ! phillip Steven - steven do not worry Phillip - I will - guard shut up and move . they drag he off . Phillip watch with deep worry as another guard keep he there . he grow more and more upset , pace and work himself up . finally , the guard leave and Phillip exit he cell and bolt down the tier after Steven . 68a ext . TEXAS state pen breezeway , 1995 - morning 68a Phillip run after Steven , quickly arrive at a locked gate . Steven be on the other side , still be escort away . Phillip be force to find a alternative route . 69 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - common area - continuous 69 Phillip march through the common area , fight tear . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 46 . 70 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - m block - continuous 70 Phillip run through another cell block until he come to a window . he look outside . phillip Steven ! 71 ext . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - sally port - continuous 71 phillip be Pov : Steven be wait in line with some other prisoner to board a bus . Phillip can be see through the small window , but he fail to get Steven 's attention . he bang silently on the glass . 72 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - m block - continuous 72 Phillip continue in vain to get Steven 's attention . phillip steven !! steven ! he see the line at the sally port start to move and stop to think . he know what he have to do . 73 ext . TX state pen breezeway , 1995 - yard gate - day 73 Phillip run down a breezeway . eventually he reach a heavily populate gate , manned by a yard guard . phillip I wanna go in the yard . yard guard you do ? phillip I wanna go in the yard ! yard guard hold you horse dorothy . the yard Guard push a button that open the gate and Phillip burst through . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 47 . 74 ext . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - yard - day 74 Phillip run through the yard , pass giant wolf - whistling inmate as they put down they weight and stop they basketball game . Phillip maintain he focus on the sally port on the other side of the far fence . phillip steven !!!! board the bus , Steven hear he and turn . delighted , he 's force on board by a Guard before he can respond . phillip ( cont 'd ) steven ! Steven get in he seat and yell out the window . steven what the hell be you do !? phillip I love you ! steven I love you too ! vroom ! the bus start up and begin to move . steven ( cont 'd ) we will be together soon ! I promise ! the bus drive off . Phillip run along with it for a while as they share a long goodbye . and eventually , the bus disappear from view . Phillip cling to the fence a moment , hang on to hope . he slump and turn - - only to find himself confront by several hulking member of the aryan brotherhood with one thing on they mind . Phillip march right toward they and as he draw close - phillip get the fuck outta my way !!! startle , they split to let Phillip pass unmolested . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 48. 75 int . TEXAS state penitentiary hospital ward - 1998 - day 75 back in the present , Steven remain in he hospital bed at the penitentiary infirmary . steven ( v.o. ) that be the longest three month of my life . I write to Phillip every day until I get release . 76 ext . TEXAS state penitentiary , 1995 - sally port - day 76 clang ! the gate of the prison close behind Steven as he exit . he approach a wait taxi . steven ( v.o. ) and once I do , I be determine to get we back together as soon as possible . 77 int . taxi , 1995 - continuous 77 Steven get in . steven hi , how be you ? taxi driver I be well . where you head ? the Greyhound ? steven nearest thrift store please . taxi driver ( harelip ) sure . you mind if I tell you the word of we Lord , Jesus Christ ? the car pull out , the prison recede behind they . 78 ext . TEXAS state penitentiary , 1995 - sally port - later 78 the same taxi pull up in front of the prison and Steven emerge with a briefcase , wear a three - piece suit . he ring the buzzer at the front gate . 79 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - guard booth - day 79 Steven approach the duty officer . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 49 . steven hi there , my name 's Steven rousseau . I be a attorney . my client be Phillip Morris . I call earlier . the guard check he roster . duty officer mmm hmmm . there you be . rousseau ... Phillip Morris . like the cigarette huh ? steven I beg you pardon ? 80 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - visiting area - day 80 Phillip enter to see Steven wait for he on the other side of the glass . thrill , he rush to the phone . phillip you say you would come right away , but Jesus ! steven I get work to do honey , I be get you out of here early . I get a hearing tomorrow morning , I get motion to file . the law do not sleep baby . phillip I love you so much . steven Phillip , you be the sweetest , most gentle man I have ever meet . and I know people have take advantage of that . but I do not ever want you ever to lose that innocence . I want to build a life with you Phillip . I want to protect you . they share a smile . phillip get I out of here . 81 int . deli office - day 81 Steven stand over a desk , talk sternly into a telephone . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 50 . steven the motion be file , I present to the da and get a letter from the judge - I do not understand what the hold up be . I be not some paralegal - I be Steven fuck rousseau and I expect proper adjudication ! pullout to reveal he 's actually stand behind a kroeger's supermarket deli counter in uniform as a housewife wait impatiently . he hang up . steven ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) my boyfriend 's get out of prison next week ! she smile back . housewife how nice ... steven you want mayo with that ? 82 int . TEXAS state pen , 1995 - prison receiving area - day 82 Steven slide paperwork through a slot in plexiglass window toward a release officer . steven I have a early release order for Phillip Morris . the Officer glance at the paperwork . release officer yep - Morris - we get he right here wait . clank-clang . the door begin to open as the Officer stamp some of the paperwork . release officer ( cont 'd ) and you be --? steven I be he lawyer . Phillip run into he arm . as they kiss , the officer offer a surprised look . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 51 . phillip you be incredible . steven I know . 83 int . passable apartment , 1995 - houston - night 83 a party to celebrate Phillip 's release . Steven and Phillip stand at the door as friend file in and greet he boisterously . baylor phillllip ! it 's so good to see you ... another friend enter . blake oh my God ! you look great . prison agree with you . how do I get on that diet ? phillip oh you could not handle it - not unless we smuggle a espresso machine in a cake . blake throw in a sicilian barista and I be there ! phillip this be Steven . Steven - blake and baylor . blake ( gasp ) this be he ?! this be you gay lawyer prison boyfriend ?! please to meet you . baylor much better than the guy who have you kidnap . what be he name ? Steven look to Phillip , perplex . phillip Long story . steven ( regroup , to other ) can I get you all a drink ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 52 . 84 int . passable apartment kitchen , 1995 - later that night 84 Steven work he way through the crowded apartment struggle to hold a few cocktail glass for guest . he eventually arrive next to Phillip , who be have a great time with another friend - and older woman name eudora mixon . steven we gotta get a bigger place . phillip Steven I want you to meet my old neighbor - eudora mixon . she be just the sweetest . eudora pleasure Steven . steven eudora ... phillip eudora own a little building in montrose and she 's have a hell of time with the builder . he sound like a real asshole . eudora his plan be useless and he 's try to sue I to pay he ! I need you expertise Steven . Phillip say maybe you can help . steven I could certainly try . eudora can you still practice law , have be to prison ? steven sure - why not ? eudora I just think - oh what do I know ? I would just be glad to have someone I could trust . I will pay you normal fee . Steven do not miss a beat . he smile wide . steven it would be my pleasure . litigation be my speciality . Phillip beam with pride over Steven 's decision . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 53. 85 int . houston courthouse corridor , 1995 - day 85 eudora wait on a bench in the corridor , nervously glance at she watch . Steven stand behind a column down the hall hide and watch . he look at he watch , then approach she . steven sorry I be late but I have be hang up in court all day . let 's go in . 86 int . houston courtroom , 1995 - day 86 steven' Pov : a beautifully ornate courthouse light fixture hang from a courthouse ceiling . on steven , stare up at it with admiration . judge ( o.s. ) mister Russell ? Steven snap out of it and respond to a wait judge . steven it 's a beautiful fixture . judge I know . it 's you turn . steven oh ... ( then ) you honor , Ms. mixon engage Mr. gage service in good faith and be give a inferior product . she be entitle to deem that work to be unacceptable accord to the contract that Mr. Evans sign . lawyer the term of that contract be ambiguous at best . the truth be , defendant engage my client for three year without full payment . steven you honor I have , in my briefcase , fourteen other contract , all on public record , in which Mr. Evans enter into litigation with past client of he ! eudora glance into Steven 's open briefcase . it contain only a sandwich and a photo of phillip . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 54 . the shocked lawyer turn to he client ( evan ) . lawyer ( whisper ) be this true ? evan no . lawyer you be make I look like a idiot . he regroup and address the judge . lawyer ( cont 'd ) you honor , I do not have to tell you that none of this be admissable or applicable to the case at hand . Mr. Russell 's histrionics do not erase the fact that he client be in breech of contract . judge he be right Mr. Russell - what do you have to say ? Steven be stonewall . he look to eudora as if to say , " what do I do now ? " and it terrify she . desperate , Steven bang he fist on the table and look resolutely to the judge . steven I demand to be see in chamber !! the judge and lawyer seem mystify by this response . judge okaaaaaaaay ... 87 int . houston judge's chamber , 1995 - day 87 the lawyer sit impatiently while Steven peruse a wall of plaque , photo and diploma . he focus on a law school degree from indiana college of law . next to it , a photo of the judge as a young man on a farm . he 's from humble root . a moment later , the judge enter . judge okay gentleman , let 's get this over with , the two for one at the crab boiler end at five o'clock . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 55 . lawyer this seem to be cut and dry here , sir . I do not even know why we be back here . mister Russell be treat this like a episode of matlock . steven I will admit you honor - I be a plain speak man . I do not go to Princeton . I do not go to Yale . my education be modest . I go to a small school . I grow up on a small farm . but I pass the same bar exam as my colleague here and I be not go to let he push around this humble woman . this score with the judge . judge Point take mister Russell ... he glare at the other lawyer with scorn . judge ( cont 'd ) ... but where be you go with this ? steven I think it 's obvious where I be go with this sir . a long silence . the judge wait and wait until something occur to he . judge be you talk about Marshall versus . Chao ? Steven do not know what this mean ... but the other lawyer do . and he 's not happy . lawyer ( sotto ) shit ... see this , Steven puff with confidence . steven you honor , that 's exactly what I be talk about . the judge slowly nod to himself as he consider this . smash CUT to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 56 . 88 int . houston courthouse corridor , 1995 - day 88 outside the courtroom with eudora , Steven be ecstatic . steven yes ! I do great ! can you believe how great I do !? eudora ( wary ) yes . you do very well , Steven . thank you . steven I mean , I do great ! really great ! I be so proud of myself ! you want half my sandwich ?! eudora um ... steven no ! we be go out ! I be pay !! 89 int . new houston apartment , 1996 - day 89 Phillip stand flabbergasted next to Steven in the middle of a large modern apartment . phillip oh my God , it 's amazing . steven I think you would like it honey . phillip can we afford this ? steven you let I worry about the money sweetheart . phillip okay , well I guess I better start pack box . steven not this weekend . phillip why not ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 57 . steven I think we both need a vacation . Key West ? Phillip smile . 90 omitted 90 91 I /e. key west cove - 1996 - various 91 palm tree undulate on the constant breeze , invite we to a beautifully solitary cove . eventually Steven and Phillip 's voice be hear . phillip ( o.s. ) I have be meaning to ask you something . steven ( o.s. ) yeah ? dialogue continue over various shot of they romantic getaway to the key . in a series of shot we see where they have be and what they have be do in the moment after they have be there . - a hammock blow in the breeze . - a quaint cottage nestle in the vegetation . - half empty glass of beer on the porch . - dirty dish in the cottage sink . the remain of a romantic meal on a table . the sway palm be visible through the window . - footstep in the sand . - two beach chair face the surf . - etc ... etc ... phillip ( o.s. ) that birthday cake you get I in the pen ? where would you get that candle ? steven ( o.s. ) oh you know ... just ... people I know . phillip ( o.s. ) yeah , I know . but how ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 58 . steven ( o.s. ) remember that guard ? skinny guy ? smoke a lot ? phillip ( o.s. ) lance ? he could not be more than 98 pound . steven ( o.s. ) yeah , that 's he . phillip ( o.s. ) oh he be such a asshole . steven ( o.s. ) actually - I be in the yard once . another guard ask he to pay he back five . he open he wallet and I see this picture of a little girl about steffie 's age . so I bring it up to he once , just to get he talk . that 's the thing about have kid , you know ? get people talk . share experience . build bridge . something I learn . anyway he tell I he 's worried about she - mamma be go . we talk awhile . you know , I just listen . that 's all . I bring up the candle just one time but mostly just listen ... and the next day , bedtime , there they be . 91a ext . palm beach cove - 1996 - dusk - continuous 91a the dialogue continue on the beach as we finally see Steven and Phillip enjoy the sunset by the light of a small fire on the beach . phillip how would you know he would do that ? steven I do not . I just know I want `em for you ... and I find a way to do it . that 's all . Phillip smile , eye never leave the sunset . phillip just listenin ' huh ? steven that 's it ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 59 . and as the sun set on the shimmer water -- 92 ext . ocean , 1996 - day 92 a empty 21 -foot motorboat bob atop placid seas , fishing pole dangle over the side . the SOUND of two man enjoy themselves can be hear . after reach they inevitable conclusion , the voice gasp for air . phillip ( o.s. ) ( wind ) I be gonna get a Coke ... you want a Coke ? steven ( o.s. ) uh huh ... * Phillip spit something over the railing ... * steven ( cont 'd ) * aw , you do not love I ... * and as Phillip smile and wipe he chin . * steven ( v.o. ) with Phillip I feel strong . I feel invincible . I promise myself he would never want for anything ever again . that mean I need a real job . something dependable . and - no more scam . fade in : 96 int . usamm hq - lindholm's office - 1996 - day 96 a bored Steven wait in the middle of a big wig 's office . he look at photo on a nearby wall of a broad - shoulder all - american man dress in a NASA jump suit perform various astronautical training task . he pick up a small astronaut figurine and examine it . lindholm ( o.s. ) sorry to keep you wait Steven . Steven turn to find Dan lindholm , the broad - shoulder man himself . lindholm ( cont 'd ) I be Dan lindholm . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 60 . steven be you a spaceman ? lindholm yep . never get out there though . NASA 's a real political place . never could figure out whose ass to kiss to get a mission . ( then ) all in the past . barely even think about it now ... CUT to reveal a huge model of the space shuttle that engulf half the room . Steven put the figurine back . steven a spaceman , huh ? how do you crap up there ? lindholm ass gasket . ( draw on he coffee ) have a seat . Steven sit across the desk from lindholm . lindholm ( cont 'd ) with the popularity of hmo 's in today 's health care system , doctor need help manage they billing -- so they can focus on they patient . that 's where USA Medical management come in . hundred of million of dollar pass through we system from the hmo 's to the doctor . it 's a critical business . a powerful business ... ( beat ) so when I read you resume , I be not sure what to think . you level of education and you past experience would factor heavily into this decision and frankly ... Steven deflate in expectation . lindholm ( cont 'd ) ... you be head and shoulder above the rest . I mean , I could hardly believe it . but when I call you reference -- well they could not speak more highly of you . smash CUT to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 61 . 97 int . new houston apartment kitchen - 1996 - day 97 Steven make breakfast in he tightie-whity while talk on the phone . Phillip be in the background do a crossword puzzle at the kitchen table . steven I could not speak more highly of Steven Russell , Mr. lindholm . a real straight shooter . we be damn lucky to have he at Prudential as long as we do . in he own world , Phillip chime in . phillip brando 's wet debut ? Steven cover the phone with he hand . steven on the waterfront . back to : 98 int . lindholm's office - 1996 - day 98 Dan continue to wax on about Steven . lindholm employee of the year two year run ? develop software with IBM ? you be the kind of people we need here Steven . we want you as we Chief Financial Officer . so what do you say ? I want you answer right now . c'mon Steven - let 's light this candle . as Steven pretend to mull -- 99 int . usamm - steven' office - 1996 - day 99 a uptight assistant ( rheba ) lead Steven into he fancy new office . rheba ... for example " he 's in a meeting " sound better than " he 's away from he desk " at least I think so , but whatever you prefer . steven that 's fine ... sure . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 62. she lead he to he new desk which be stack with folder , file , printout and ream of data . rheba I pull all the claim for the last two year as well as the statement , transfer and confirmation from the bank . most of it 's routine and I think you can get up to speed in a day or two . ( then ) anything else I can do for you ? steven uh .... cup of coffee ? rheba I will do it today but I do not do that really . Steven nod and turn he attention to the sea of number before he . he look concerned as he begin to leaf through . 100 int . usamm boardroom - 1996 - day 100 Steven sit in a board meeting , surround by all of the company honchos . Dan lindholm lord over the gather at the head of the table while a suit ( MARK ) read from a report to the group . MARK crossover from traditional market show declination and inverse diffusion seem commensurate with net-trade trending . hmo penetration still lead ppo , nmo and fmo as usual but attenuation be grow more prevalent in q4 as project ... as for q3 , well q3 be what q3 always be : q2 with training wheel . everyone laugh , but no one quite as hard as Steven who desperately try to fit in . Larry birkheim , the ceo of usamm sit beside Dan lindholm . he chime in . birkheim okay Steven , you turn . I know you have only have the one quarter to play catch up but I tell you , we can not wait to get some insight here . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 63. steven sure . what about ? birkheim Mark 's projection . steven mmm hm . sure . birkheim they seem kind of flat . steven oh. okay . ummm ... Steven fumble through some folder and vamp a while . steven ( cont 'd ) well I do a lot of work here and uh ... I think maybe ... well I could just read it to you but uh ... it might be better to just uh ... the group look at he quizzically . just as it seem Steven have be up to nothing -- steven ( cont 'd ) well , I will just show you . Todd ? todd , a incredibly hot assistant unveil a easel full of detailed table . Steven walk the board through a incredibly well prepare presentation . steven ( cont 'd ) if you look here at Mark 's projection again for q3 , you will see - well you will see they be just that - projection . projection base on a model set by my predecessor . I decide to reject that model and do thing a little differently . I want to show you my result . this be what we actually make in q3 -- Todd flip to the next card . the graph grow exponentially . the group be intrigue . steven ( cont 'd ) now let I tell you how I do it ... Todd unveil another card , the man be impressed by the unseen image . and as Steven explain himself , Dan and birkheim smile broadly and turn to each other with smug assurance . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 64 . 101 int . new apartment kitchen - 1996 - night 101 OPEN close on a candy wrapper open . a hand remove the candy revealing a inspiring message print inside the wrapper - " when two heart race , both win . " on phillip . he 's deeply touch by the sentiment as he chew on the candy . he put the wrapper on the refrigerator with a magnet . he open another . he chew and read - " commit random act of kindness " again he 's touch and put it on the refrigerator . he open another and pop the candy in he mouth . he read - " a smile be a flower on you face " he 's disgust by the trite sentiment and throws the wrapper in the trash . a beat later , he remove the candy from he mouth and throws that in the trash too . just then Steven walk by in a tuxedo , adjust he tie . phillip the tux ? where be you go ? steven it 's just a work thing . be we suppose to -- phillip no - I just think - it 's fine . where you go ? steven some stupid gala ball thing ... phillip gala ? oh ... ( play it off ) sound boring . steven yeah . I will be home early . promise . 102 int . houston ballroom - 1996 - night 102 a black - tie cocktail party be in full swing . Steven eat a canap by a window . something outside catch he eye . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 65 . 103 ext . houston ballroom balcony , 1996 - night - continuous 103 Dan lindholm be out on the balcony stare up at the starry sky . Steven approach . lindholm you see that ? Dan point out a small dot of light move across the sky . Steven squint . steven no ... ( realize ) oh - be it ...? lindholm yeah . probably deploy the arm right now . just a satellite deployment . nothing special ... just touch the face of God . he choke back a tear , then throw a arm around Steven . lindholm ( cont 'd ) I want you to meet my wife . 104 int . houston ballroom , 1996 - night 104 Dan lindholm escort Steven to beverly lindholm and a ghastly gaggle of Texas society wive . lindholm bev- lady - I want you to meet Steven Russell , we cfo . mrs . lindholm oh I hear about you . steven good thing I hope . mrs . lindholm yes and no . Don 's bellyach about how big you Christmas bonus be gonna be because you be make he so much money . a giggle infect the group . another wife speak up . facelift wife be you marry Steven ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 66 . steven uh ... engage . blonde wife well where be she , sweetheart ? steven she work . Travels a lot . it 's kill she she could not be here . and as the wife fret symathetically - 105 int . usamm office - 1996 - day 105 Steven saunter over to vera the company accountant who be stamp some check . he place some papers on she desk . steven this be ready for Dan ... vera thanks Steven . you doin ' good ? steven kind of . I just get back from my lawyer 's office . I ask he , " what 's you fee ? " he say , " I charge $ 50 for three question . " so I ask , " do not you think that 's a little expensive ? " and he say , " yes it be ... now what 's you final question ? " Vera explode with laughter . vera it 's so true . lawyer ! she turn to a colleague . vera ( cont 'd ) Annie ! come here , you gotta hear this ! 106 int . upscale houston restaurant - 1996 - day 106 Steven sit at a high power lunch with Dan lindholm and Larry birkheim . he be diligently take note . birkheim that 's the thing about the back nine at pebble Beach . ( more ) " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 67 . birkheim ( cont 'd ) I do not care what you handicap be ... that sand wedge be gonna get a workout - lindholm I could not agree with you more . I remember one time , I be at augusta ... as Dan prattles on , Steven continue to write on he pad . CUT to reveal he 's doodling picture of smiley - face penise . 107 int . usamm - break room - 1996 - day 107 Steven refill he mug of coffee while in the background , two secretary dish . secretary the woman say , " that 's awful expensive , be not it ? " and the lawyer say , " yes and now you only get one question leave ! " she laugh louder than the woman listen to the joke . secretary ( cont 'd ) ` Cause he already ask the two ! they both laugh loudly now as Steven exit . 108 int . houston banquet room - 1996 - day 108 Steven and Dan lindholm stand at the omelette station at a high class brunch buffet . lindholm ( to cook ) mushroom and cheese . ( to Steven ) anyway like I be say the northrup guy say to the NASA " well that question 's gonna cost fifty million to answer " so NASA say , " do not you think that 's a lot of money ? " and northrup say " yep , now you owe we another fifty million . next question please ! " this sound eerily familiar . Steven laugh a courtesy laugh . steven yeah that 's a good one ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 68. lindholm that 's why there 's so few shuttle mission . they be waste all they money on bureaucracy . and probe ... unman probe . ( then ) like people care if there 's life on Mars . ( to cook ) no mushroom , I say . 109 int . new houston apartment , 1996 - live room - morning 109 Phillip test he blood sugar by apply a test strip to he bloody thumb . he compare the strip to small card with a blood sugar chart . contented with the result , he put the everything away in a small black leather bag contain insulin and syringe . Steven pass by in the background with a brand new bag of golf club . Phillip be instantly puzzle . phillip golf !? steven what ? phillip you be a homosexual . steven it 's work . phillip you know , you can tell they . they can not fire you for be gay . steven I know ... phillip I be try to be understanding here honey , but golf ? why not just eat pussy ? steven ( exite ) wish I luck . phillip good luck ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 69 . 110 ext . houston golf course - 1996 - day 110 Steven , lindholm and two client be at the first tee . Steven nervously tee up . he do he best recollection of a warm up and hit the ball . it 's not a good drive , but it do go about thirty yard . steven oh ! this be easy ! ( cocky , butch ) you turn Dan ! 111 ext . houston golf course sandtrap - 1996 - later 111 as lindholm and the client wait , a periodic spray of sand fly up from the trap behind they as unseen Steven swing in vain . lindholm Hell of a hazard be not it Steven ? eventually , a ball fly out of the trap . steven ( o.s. ) ( to ball ) oh yeah ! how ya like that , sister !? CUT to : 112 ext . houston golf course fairway - 1996 - day 112 Steven and the client amble along a few yard behind Dan and the other client . Steven be cover in sweat and sand . client so the black fella say to the jew lawyer - " 50 buck a question ? ai not that expensive ? " " yeah it 's expensive , " he say , " I be a Jew , you nigger ! " the man laugh to himself . client ( cont 'd ) get it ?!! he soon spot he ball up ahead . client ( cont 'd ) there I be . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 70 . he move on , leave Steven stand there , disgust . match CUT to : 113 int . usamm - steven' office - 1996 - day 113 Steven sit at he desk , detach and feed up . steven ( v.o. ) maybe it be because it 's just my nature , or maybe it be because of my past ... or maybe it be because they be the most boring fuck people I would ever meet in my life ... ( beat ) whatever the reason , I have be robbing they blind for month . 114 int . usamm - steven' office - 1996 - day 114 flashback to Steven 's first day on the job as he rheba escort he to a desk pile high with financial report . rheba anything else I can do for you ? steven uh .... cup of coffee ? rheba I will do it today but I do not do that really . Steven nod and begin to leaf through various folder . it be not long before something catch he eye . 115 montage : how money flow at usamm -- 115 quick cut of Steven research by leaf through folder and file intercut with a slow push in on a check printing machine as it spit out product as well as time lapse footage of employee buzzing through one of the usam hallway . steven ( v.o. ) the thing about u- samm be that they take in all this hmo money and distribute it to doctor . ( more ) " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 71 . steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but in the time between receive the money and pay it out - it be just sit there , not make interest or anything . 116 int . usamm - steven' office - 1996 - day 116 at he desk , Steven leaf through the company finances . steven ( v.o. ) it occur to I to set up a investment account where the hold money would earn interest for the short time that the company have it . we be talk twenty two million at any give time here , so even short term the interest add up pretty quickly . I would be make the company million virtually overnight . he lean back to think to himself . steven ( v.o. ) ... and I of course would take a commission . say ... fifty percent . the only problem with that be -- I be not the one signing the check . 117 int . usamm office - 1996 - day 117 OPEN close on a check be signature - stamp with a rubber stamp . a hand place the stamp into a small wooden box and close it . CUT wide to reveal the hand belong to vera , the company accountant and steven be stand over she . it be now we realize we be revisit a earlier scene . steven so I ask , " do not you think that 's a little expensive ? " and the lawyer say , " yes it be , now what 's you final question ? " Vera explode with laughter . vera it 's so true . lawyer ! she turn to a colleague . vera ( cont 'd ) Annie ! come here , you gotta hear this ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 72. and as annie come over , Steven 's hand move to the wooden box and secretly pluck the rubber stamp . 118 int . usamm - steven' office - 1996 - day 118 lindholm rap on the open door as he enter . lindholm Steven , we get a problem . Vera lose that stupid rubber stamp again . her office be a goddamn disaster and she 's the o-ring if you know what I be say . steven ( faux ) oh ... how long till we can get a new one ? lindholm nope . time to overhaul the program . I get a computerize system already on order . no more room for pilot error . Steven hang he head , visibly disappointed . lindholm ( cont 'd ) should be up and run in a couple month . I want you signing the check until then . Steven brighten up suddenly . steven really ?! great ! lindholm you play golf ? steven uhhh ... yeah . sure . 119 ext . houston suburb - new house - 1996 - day 119 a huge moving truck be park before a impressive house in a upscale neighborhood . mover unload and roll dolly past two match mercede coupe . Steven and Phillip oversee the work - each hold match miniature pincer . they smile wide . moment later a offscreen honk get they attention . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 73. they look to see a sporting good truck pull up with two jet-skis hitched to a trailer . phillip ( wow ) how big be this Christmas bonus ? steven ( cover ) pretty big . phillip in July ? Phillip be slightly suspicious . 120 I /e. new house / backyard - 1996 - morning 120 various vignettes of Steven and Phillip 's new home . phillip ( o.s. ) ( mid-story ) the sheriff be desperate and go to a psychic . all the woman say be rabbit . rabbit-rabbit-rabbit , that 's all . well he think `bullshit ' and he 's drive back home and what happen ? he see a rabbit crossing the street in front of he . so he pull over and follow it into the wood and he find the miss car . all wreck and turn over and the girl 's inside ... still alive . eventually we find Steven and Phillip in the backyard on a large double chaise lounge . they sleep min-pin be between they . steven no . phillip I swear . it 's in the ricky Martin people in the bathroom . Steven smile and cuddle up . phillip ( cont 'd ) yeah ... they can find out all sort of stuff , that people . steven mmm hmm ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 74 . phillip they can find out anything about anyone ... anything . ( then ) they could even find out something about you ... Steven grow suspicious . steven Phillip ... what be it ? phillip it 's just -- be something go on ? something you be not tell I ? steven no . phillip because if there be , stop now . steven there be not . there 's nothing . phillip I do not care about the money , the house , jet-skis - all I want be you . I just want we to be together . steven we be always go to be together . and there be nothing go on . I promise . ( then ) I would not lie to you , baby . Steven stare back and convince Phillip with a look . they kiss . 121 int . usamm parking garage - 1996 - day 121 birkheim emerge from he park mercede c-class . after lock it he notice a little smudge and buff it out with he handkerchief . as he admire he car proudly , the building volume of the miami SOUND machine get he attention . he see as Steven arrive in he new and much more impressive sl500 and park a few spot down . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 75 . he watch as Steven try on several watch and toss they back in the glove compartment before settling on one and exite the car . birkheim raise a brow . 122 int . usamm elevator - 1996 - a short time later 122 birkheim and Steven share the elevator . birkheim Nice car . steven thanks , Larry . birkheim which one be it ? steven sl . that the C you be drive ? birkheim yeah . steven good car . birkheim mmm hm . steven good value . ding ! the door open . Steven exit , leave a disgruntled birkheim in he wake . 123 int . birkheim' office - 1996 - day 123 birkheim pore over spreadsheet , take note and compare number . close ups on heading like " interest earned " and " deposit " indicate he 's look for something he continue to make note , grow ever more suspicious until something catch he eye . in the margin of one of the page be a doodling of a smiley -face penis . birkheim do not quite know what to make of this ... but it seem to stare at he mockingly . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 76 . 124 int . usamm hallway - 1996 - day 124 Steven whistle happily and take a draw off he coffee mug . as he pass a office , something catch he ear . birkheim ( o.s. ) I have some question about this new account we have open . Steven slow to a stop . 125 int . birkheim' office - 1996 - continuous 125 birkheim , he back to the door , be on the phone as Steven eavesdrop outside . birkheim yeah ... I be wonder if we could compare some number . I know you usually talk to we cfo but this be a delicate matter and I would like keep it secret for now . Steven be worried . 126 int . usamm cubicle - 1996 - day 126 OPEN close on blank copy spitting out of a copier . Steven stand over the machine , he finger on the button as he keep surveillance on birkheim 's office door . a secretary arrive with a stack of papers . secretary hi mister ru-- steven i'm making copy !!! she leave , terrify . finally , Steven spot birkheim leave he office . 127 int . birkheim' office - 1996 - day 127 Steven run into birkheim 's office and scan the papers on he desk . nothing . he turn he attention to birkheim 's briefcase , but he can not get it open . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 77 . eventually he spot a blank legal pad and look at it closely . he grab a pencil and do the old detective trick of shading in the page to reveal what be write on the now miss page above . the emboss text read , " 837,502.12 " he stare at it a moment . this number look familiar . he grab the phone and dial . a automate voice answer . automate teller hello , you have reach the Automatic teller at Texas commerce Bank . please enter you personal account number follow by the pound sign . Steven quickly enter some number . as he listen he flip through birkheim 's desktop calendar . automate teller ( cont 'd ) thank you . you account balance be eight hundred - thirty seven thousand five hundred and two dollar and twelve cent . to repeat this - it 's the same number as on the pad . he hang up . and turn he attention to the calendar . he spy a entry that read , " Harris County Police , 12:30 " he leap out of the chair and exit the office . 128 int . usamm copier room - 1996 - day 128 Steven furiously shred document in the company 's paper shredder . moment later the same secretary enter the room with a armload of work - enrage Steven . steven can't you see i'm shredd !? terrify , the woman run away . 129 ext . bank - day 129 OPEN close on a ATM keypad as Steven punch some key and retrieve a handful of cash . he stuff it into he breast pocket and hop back into he sl . 130 int . debbie' home - night 130 the phone ring . Debbie answer . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 78 . debbie hello ? 131 int . mercede sl ( drive ) - gulf freeway , 1996 - day 131 intercut . Steven be on the phone while drive with the top down . steven hey Debbie . debbie Steven . how be you ? steven good. how 's steffie do ? debbie good. Real good . she sure be you daughter ... steven she 's interested in boy already ? debbie ha-ha . how 's Phillip ? steven he 's good . he say hi , but listen - I just want to call and let you know I be switch all my phone number . I will let you know when we get a new one . debbie oh Steven , be you on the lam again ? steven Deb , you always know I best . debbie Steven you really should stop all this , you be such a good man and I know that Jesus have a plan for you . steven well , maybe this be he plan . debbie now do not start . a call - waiting tone be hear . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 79 . steven anyway Debbie - that 's my boss call . I love you both and I will call you soon . Steven click over to the other line . steven ( cont 'd ) hello ? 132 int . lindholm's office - 1996 - day 132 intercut with lindholm on the phone , with birkheim in the background , spreadsheet in hand . lindholm Steven ? where be you ? steven the Gulf freeway . where be you ? lindholm at the office . you come back anytime soon ? steven be something wrong ? lindholm no , we just want to see you Steven . we miss you be what it be . steven oh , that 's nice Dan . but I do not think I be come back in . I think we both know why . lindholm you sure about that Steven ? steven bye-bye dan. Steven hang up . 133 int . new house - 1996 - day 133 Steven storm into the house , panting . a worried Phillip come to greet he . phillip people keep call , what 's go on ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 80 . Steven start pull wad of money out of every available pocket and pile it on the kitchen table . steven nothing . think we would take a little vacation . Key West . let 's pack . Quick ! okay I will pack for you ! Phillip follow he through the house . phillip I fuck know it - you do do something . you lie to I ! you look I right in the eye and lie ! steven now do not get angry , it 's gonna be fun , I swear . phillip be you go back to jail ? Steven , you promise we would always be together ! steven of course we be ! we be never gonna be apart . never . Steven duck into the bedroom . Phillip do not follow . phillip you lie son of a bitch ! you take advantage of I ! just like all the rest ! son of a bitch ! 134 int . new house bedroom - 1996 - continuous 134 Steven furiously pack a suitcase , yell out to Phillip in the hallway . steven we will get a place . do some fishing . I can work on my key lime pie recipe ... Steven pick up the suitcase without zipping it up and head back into the hall . steven ( cont 'd ) ... I might even grow a beard and enter the papa hemingway contest ! he stop short in the hallway . Phillip be go . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 81 . steven ( cont 'd ) Phillip ? honey ? 135 ext . new house - 1996 - day 135 Steven burst from the house still clutching the suitcase just in time to see Phillip 's car round the corner . steven come back ! wait ! 136 int . new house - 1996 - day 136 he re-enter , empty the suitcase along the way . he then proceed to fill it with the cash on the table . 137 ext . new house - 1996 - day 137 Steven exit and head for he car , but before he can get in - wham ! he 's grab by a group of policemen . he squeal like a rabbit 's death bleat and flail wildly . this continue for a while until -- smash CUT to : 138 int . TEXAS state pen hospital ward - 1998 - day 138 Steven resume he voice over in the penitentiary infirmary . steven ( v.o. ) there I be , keep secret , live a lie . like I say , I tend to do that . now I do not blame Phillip for run out on I , but I have to make thing right . I have to get he back . you see , there 's something I do not tell you ... ( beat ) ... it 's about my old boyfriend . do you remember he ? his name be Jimmy . CUT to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 82. 139 int . palm beach apartment - 1991 - morning 139 the Florida sun bathes the bedroom in a heavenly glow , illuminate Jimmy kemple as he wake . he open he eye to see Steven stare longingly at he . kemple what ? Steven just smile . kemple ( cont 'd ) what ? steven I love you Jimmy . kemple smirk . kemple it 's only be a month , Steven . steven I know . kemple do not fall for I Steven . steven why the hell not ? kemple you know damn well why . Steven think a moment , but never stop smile . steven I do not give a shit about that . they kiss . 140 ext . palm beach hospital parking structure - 1992 - day 140 flashback . we be back at the scene where Steven try to jump in the dumpster . he leap over the guard rail and -- kemple steven ! wham !!! Steven hit the ground next to the dumpster . CUT to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 83. 141 ext . palm beach hospital parking structure - 1992 - day 141 a short time later , Steven lie moaning and delirious . kemple cradle he head as Debbie and the cop watch nearby . kemple you need to do the time . I will wait for you . I will . I will wait for you . I promise . I love you . I will wait for you . 142 int . miami jail - cell block - 1993 - day 142 Steven push a cart of food through the block deliver sandwich to fellow detainee . 143 int . miami jail - phone bank - 1993 - day 143 OPEN close on finger dial a pay phone . cut wide to reveal it 's Steven make a call . steven hi baby . what do you mean ? it 's noon . I always call at noon . ( listen ) well it 's prison honey , it suck . but I be get use to it . what 's wrong ? 144 int . kemple's mother be apt , 1993 - day - intercut 144 kemple , on the phone at he mother 's home , be intercut . he look ill . kemple I be sick . steven I know . kemple no really sick . you have not see I in a year . you do not know . I just come back from the doctor . my t-cell be ... he begin to cry . kemple ( cont 'd ) why do you have to go to jail ? how could you do this to I ? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 84 . steven I know , I be sorry ... kemple I do not want to die alone . steven you be not gonna die alone . kemple yes I be . who know how long I have . steven you be not gonna die alone , okay ? just believe I . kemple you do not know that . steven yes I do . I promise . he hang up , torture by this news . his eye catch a glimpse of a detective exite the cell block , bang on the guard booth glass with he walkie-talkie . he just stare at the door , long and hard . 145 int . miami jail corridor - 1994 - day 145 Steven approach a section of bar where a blonde inmate be wait . steven do you get `em ? blonde inmate yeah . the inmate look around then shove a ball of clothes through the bar . Steven give a look . something upset he . steven what the hell 's this ? blonde inmate it 's all I could get . steven Jesus ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 85 . 146 int . miami jail guard booth - 1994 - day 146 dress in prison orange , Steven walk up to a counter , a sandwich in hand . he hold it up before a huge guard . steven lunch be serve . as the Guard go through the bag , Steven reach over the counter and swipe a walkie talkie - revealing a calendar that read friday the 13th . he beat a nervous exit . 147 int . miami jail hallway - 1994 - day 147 OPEN close on a man' ass in ruby red , skin tight hotpant . CUT to reveal Steven walk nervously down the hall clad in say hotpant as well as a tight spaghetti strap top . walkie talkie in hand , he try to give as authoritative a aura as he can . he get to a glass security door , where two jail guard stand . Steven tap on the glass confidently with the walkie talkie and signal they to open the door . they do . and as he pass the two guard one of they speak . jail guard ( shaking head ) undercover vice ... Steven approach another set of door and signal . the door open . 148 int . miami jail exit - 1994 - day 148 Steven pass through the door and come to a exit . he push on it to find it locked . panic set in as he push repeatedly to no avail . and just when he think all be lose -- he look down to realize he 's neglect to notice the push bar to open the door . and with a gentle push , the door open ... and he 's go . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 86 . 149 int . kemple's mother' apartment - 1994 - bedroom - day 149 helen kemple bring a tray of toast and water into the bedroom where Steven sit over kemple 's rapidly deteriorate body . kemple thanks Mom . she kiss both Jimmy and Steven . helen I will be in the other room . she exit . Steven try to give kemple some water . kemple resist . steven come on . you need to drink something . kemple meekly hand Steven he stainless steel rolex . kemple I want you to have this because I be gonna be leave soon ... steven well that 's not okay with I baby . you can not leave . I need you around here . you be the love of my life . kemple you be sweet ... but no , I be not . steven shhhh ... kemple I be not . I have see he . you have not meet he yet , but you will ... Steven be perplex . kemple ( cont 'd ) you be gonna be so happy . and I know you do not think so , but you deserve to be happy ... steven you be not think clearly baby . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 87 . kemple yes I be ... and you have to promise I ... when you find he , you be gonna treat he right ... okay ? Steven give in gently . steven okay , okay . now drink some water . kemple treat he right . 150 int . kemple's mother' apartment - 1994 - continuous 150 helen be on the couch , watch the tv news as oj Simpson be apprehend . it be not long before a knock on the door get she attention . she get up . helen who be it ? she reach for the door and -- smash !! the door burst open . smash CUT to : 151 ext . kemple's mother' apartment build 1994 - day 151 Steven be drag kick and scream to a squad car by a group of policemen . steven no ! just give I some time ! I promised ! I promised i'd be there ! I promised he wouldn't die alone ! and as he futilely fight -- 152 int . TEXAS state pen , steven' cell - 1994 - day 152 a claxon blare and the cell door slide OPEN with metallic roar , revealing a very impatient Steven with a few day stubble on he face . steven it 's about damn time ! he rush out . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 88. 153 int . TEXAS state pen - phone bank - 1994 - day 153 Steven hurry to the phone and dial . he nervously await a answer . then - steven hi helen it 's I . be -- he 's interrupt and proceed to listen . the look on he face say it all . steven ( cont 'd ) okay ... mmm hmm ... through the glass wall outside the phone room , we watch as Steven continue to absorb the bad news . he hang up the phone and fall to piece as the cacophony of the prison mask any sound of he grief . back to : 154 i/e new house , 1996 - houston police cruiser - day 154 OPEN close on the stainless steel rolex . we're back outside Steven and Phillip 's house in a police cruiser . Steven stare at it , reflect on he memory of kemple . steven ( v.o. ) I be sorry I do not tell you before . I just do not like talk about some thing . the door open and a houston cop hand he a black leatherette case . houston cop this what you want ? steven oh thanks . houston cop diabete huh ? steven yeah ... the cop get in and they drive off . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 89 . 155 int . houston police cruiser - 1996 - a short time later 155 the houston cop and a drive cop ride up front , not pay much attention to they passenger . in the rear , Steven nervously and quietly prepare a insulin syringe and inexpertly inject it in he belly . steven ( v.o. ) I be not go to lose Phillip . no way . I break Jimmy 's heart and I be not gonna break Phillip 's . I be gonna make everything alright . no matter what it take , I be go to escape . he give a quick look around and prepare another syringe . after another injection , he prepare another . and then another and another ... 156 int . houston police cruiser - 1996 - a short time later 156 the drive cop watch the road blankly until he nose catch a putrid scent in the air . drive cop fuck ... what be that ? the other cop smell it too . they begin to look around . the driving cop glance back to see Steven convulsing and frothing at the mouth like a rabid bobble head doll . drive cop ( cont 'd ) fuck ! they turn around . houston cop ahh ! he shit himself ! get we to the hospital ! the siren wail . 157 int . houston hospital room - 1996 - day 157 Steven wake up in a hospital bed . a little bleary at first , he eye scan the room . he 's alone . he sit up , pleased and very excited . he pull out he iv , hop out of bed and head for the window when - " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 90 . clang ! he stop short to find he ankle be shackle to the bed . steven shit ! the door open and the Houston cop peer he head in . he look back to he unseen partner . houston cop he 's up . 158 int . harris county jail , houston - 1996 - day 158 Three manacle prisoner , one of they Steven , follow a correction officer into the Processing Area at the Harris County jail . each of the man be still in they street clothes and manacle separately . correction officer take a seat . they take a seat on a bench outside a large steel door as the officer talk to a processing clerk . Steven be visibly agitate and ignore the other man on the bench with he . the first prisoner turn to the second prisoner . first prisoner what would they get you for ? second prisoner Grand theft. you ? first prisoner B and E. the second prisoner turn to Steven ... second prisoner how about you ? ... but steven be gone . the man look around . across the room , Steven stand in a elevator amidst a group of lackadaisical janitor , clutching a mop . the prisoner watch in awe as the door close . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 91 . 159 int . harris county jail , houston - 1996 - later 159 the elevator door OPEN to reveal Steven , not with the janitor , but with a group of officer -- re-emerge from the elevator and back into the processing area . the lead officer talk to the clerk . lead officer this slippery son of a bitch be go straight to lockup . Steven heave a sigh . 160 int . harris county jail phone bank , 1996 - day 160 Steven , in a fresh prison jumpsuit , pace while talk on the phone . steven c'mon Phillip , pick up , it 's I . I be sorry . c'mon . ( then ) dammit ! he hang up . a nearby inmate chime in . new cellmate how long you in for ? steven not long . ( pick up phone ) can you hit I in the face with this ? and off the inmate 's quizzened expression -- 161 int . harris county jail - 1996 - infirmary - day 161 OPEN close on Steven 's bloody face . a prison physician be examine it closely . we notice Steven be wear white scrub ( as oppose to the doctor who wear GREEN scrub ) . physician that 's a pretty big gash . just stay still ... steven it sure hurt ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 92 . as Steven talk and the doctor look , Steven stealthily pluck the doctor 's id badge and slip it in he pocket . 162 int . harris county jail cell - 1996 - day 162 Steven finish fill the sink in he cell and pull out a GREEN magic marker . he break it open and drip the ink into the water . and as the water turn GREEN , Steven remove he white scrub and plunge they in the sink . 163 int . harris county jail guard station - 1996 - night 163 the night guard watch he monitor when a rap on the glass get he attention . he look up to see Steven in newly ( and badly ) dyed GREEN scrub , await exit on the other side , hold the steal id badge against the glass . night guard `night doc. he push the buzzer and Steven push open the door . 164 ext . TEXAS motel - 1996 - day 164 Seven State and local police cruiser sit in the parking lot , a shirtless Steven be remove from he motel room by a pair of officer . his skin be stain green but he expression be pure resolve . 165 int . houston courtroom - 1996 - day 165 OPEN close on a gavel strike . Steven stand before the judge flanke by he attorney and a bailiff . houston judge set bail at 900,000 dollar . attorney you honor ... steven nine hundred thousand !? it 's a white collar charge . attorney you honor - " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 93. the judge begin filling out a form . he barely look up at they . houston judge mister Russell be a flight risk . the bond be set . nine hundred thousand . steven this be bullshit . ( sotto to attorney ) set a reduction hearing . attorney ( off this ) you honor we would like to set a reduction hearing . houston judge that 's you right , but I strongly advise you do not . the judge finish fill out the form and place it at the edge of he bench for Steven to see . it clearly read he bail amount , he charge , everything . as the Attorney prattle on in the background , Steven just stare at the form long and hard . houston judge ( cont 'd ) Fine . you can have you hearing tomorrow . Steven interject . steven ( sotto to lawyer ) next week . the attorney look at he quizzically and turn back to the judge . attorney we would like next week if that 's okay . steven ( sotto ) on the thirteenth . attorney oh the thirteenth if possible . houston judge Fine . Friday the thirteenth . now go away . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 94 . 166 int . harris county jail cell - 1996 - night 166 a block of hold cell well stock with man wait on the legal system . we soon come upon Steven who be furiously sketching out a copy of the form from the judge 's bench from memory . 167 int . houston apt bedroom ( tyler ) - 1996 - day 167 OPEN close on a open envelope next to Steven 's sketch and a letter . steven ( v.o. ) dearest Tyler . Long time no talk . I will not beat around the bush . I get into a spot of trouble here in Houston and find myself need help . that 's right , jail again . anyway I be wonder if you could type up this thing for I on you computer just like I sketch out ... as Steven vread ' the letter we reveal a man hack away on a computer nearby . as we move closer , we see that he 's the moustached man from the night of he car crash and he 's not wear pants . 168 int . harris county jail cell - 1996 - day 168 Steven open a letter and pull out the forged form . steven great ! he grab a pen and begin fill it out . 169 int . houston courthouse corridor - 1996 - day 169 manacle to a line of prisoner , Steven shuffles through a crowded hallway . courthouse staff be everywhere . Steven spot a harried woman approach with a armful of paperwork . he reach into he jumpsuit and pull out the forged document and as she pass - he drop it . steven ma'am ?! the woman turn back , annoyed . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 95 . steven ( cont 'd ) dropped something . she pick it up and put it on she pile . he smile as he watch she walk away . 170 int . harris county jail phone bank , 1996 - day 170 Steven dial the phone . 171 int . houston courthouse - clerk office , 1996 - day 171 intercut , a clerk answer she ringing phone . her desk calendar read : " September , Friday the 13th " clerk this be Julie . Steven put on he best southern belle voice . steven ( as woman ) hi , I have judge Charles hearn for the clerk 's office . clerk alright . steven I will put he through . Steven switch to a authoritative judge voice . steven ( cont 'd ) ( gruff ) this the clerk 's office ? clerk it be . steven Charles hearn - I get a bail adjustment come through , send it over today . clerk sure thing . what 's the name ? steven Russell . Steven jay . clerk get it right here . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 96 . steven good , I need that to go through right away . because if it do not , I be gonna have to chug about a quart of tidee bowl on account of all the shit I will be eat . know what I mean ? Julie giggle . clerk you get it judge . steven and say - Julie ? can you save I a dime and connect I to a good bail bondsman ? julie sure thing . 172 ext . galveston house - 1996 - day 172 a limousine pull up outside a modest Galveston house . the chauffeur open the door and Steven emerge dress in new linen suit and clutching champagne and flower . he approach the door and just as he 's about to knock -- phillip ( o.s. ) go away Steven ! Steven be surprised . phillip ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you think I do not know you be come !? steven Phillip - phillip ( o.s. ) get the hell out of here ! I be do with you ! steven do not say that . phillip ( o.s. ) they probably have a psychic after you right now ! do you see any bunny !? steven honey , I know you be upset - but we love each other . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 97 . phillip ( o.s. ) you open a bank account for Doctor Phillip Morris ! now they think I be in on everything ! I be face real time ! you know I can not go back to prison . steven I be sorry about that - they be not suppose to find that . it be for you own good . so we could be together . phillip ( o.s. ) fuck off ! I be in enough trouble . steven c'mon Phillip , just trust I - phillip ( o.s. ) fuck you you fucking liar ! do you realize how bad you have fuck I over !! you make I a accomplice ! you fuck liar ! I do not want to see you . go away ! I never want to see you again ! steven Phillip do not say that . no response . steven ( cont 'd ) well what be I suppose to do ? phillip ( o.s. ) you be the lawyer , you figure it out . this time , it 's Steven who remain silent . phillip ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... the door swing OPEN , revealing a seething phillip . phillip ( cont 'd ) you be not even a lawyer ?! you fuck liar ! steven well ... he slam the door shut again . phillip ( o.s. ) what the hell 's go on ?! who the hell be you !? " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 98 . steven open the door Phillip . phillip ( o.s. ) no . Steven walk up to the door and plead gently . steven ( quietly ) open the door . just open the door . ( beat ) open the door . please . I just want to say one thing . please . just one thing . that 's all . please . a long silence . Steven wait longer than he should with the certainty that it will open . and eventually it do ... slowly and tentatively . through the screen door , they eye be just inch apart . Steven look into Phillip 's soul . he open he mouth and -- swat commander ( o.s. ) down on the ground faggot !! Steven and Phillip be shocked to see a small swat team surround the front porch with automatic weapon . swat commander ( cont 'd ) down ! down ! now ! and as they comply and the armed man descend -- 173 int . galveston police station - 1996 - day 173 Steven and Phillip sit manacle , side by side . they stare at the floor in miserable uncomfortable silence . steven Phillip ? phillip do not . steven I love you . no response . Phillip can only sit and stew . and stew . until finally , he 's have enough . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 99 . phillip from the moment we meet , you have do nothing but lie . we whole relationship ... just lie . I be such a asshole . you take advantage of I - just like all the rest of they . you be suppose to protect I - but you have do nothing but make a fool of I . and you expect I to love you ? how can I love you ? I do not even know who you be . and you know what 's sad ? I do not even think you know who you be . so how be I suppose to love something that do not even exist ? you tell I . eventually a policeman stand before Phillip . policeman ( o.s. ) Morris . you be up . before he stand up , Phillip manage a terse statement . phillip I will never forgive you Steven . never . Steven be speechless as he watch Phillip walk away - disappear down a long corridor . slow dissolve to white : steven ( v.o. ) that be the last time I ever see he . 174 int . TX state pen , 1997 - cell block - day 174 phillip carry he belonging past a line of hulk , cat - call convict . steven ( v.o. ) ... but I know he be right . Phillip , Jimmy , Debbie - they have all be right . my whole life be nothing but a bunch of lie . lies to make people love I , lie to keep they from leave I and lie to make they give I they money . he enter he cell . 175 int . TX state pen , 1997 - michael unit block - day 175 Steven carry he belonging to he new cell in Michael unit . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 100 . steven ( v.o. ) and in the process I lose track of who I be . maybe barbra bascombe have I peg right from the beginning and that 's why she give I up ... 175a int . TX state pen - michael unit cell , 1997 - day 175a Steven stare at he distort face in the polished metal mirror in he cell . steven ( v.o. ) whatever the case , how do a person who do not exist go on exist ? well the answer be - he do not . 176 omitted 176 177 int . TEXAS state pen , 1997 - michael unit cell - night 177 Steven be curl up in a ball in he cell , sobbing as he stare at a snapshot of Phillip in Key West paste to the wall . bunkmate ( o.s. ) shut the fuck up , I be try to sleep . 178 int . TEXAS state penitentiary cafeteria , 1997 - day 178 Steven sit over a untouched tray of food , stare at it detach . he look thin . pale . 179 int . TEXAS state pen , 1997 - michael unit cell - night 179 Steven kneel over the toilet in he cell . the sound of puking reverberate . 180 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - michael unit cell - morning 180 month later , Steven sit up in he bed . he now have a grey beard and with he shirt off we can see he have lose a unhealthy amount of weight . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 101 . 181 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 infirmary - day 181 OPEN close on the gaunt and grey-skinn Steven . a male nurse place a thermometer in he mouth and look at Steven 's medical history . he look concerned . male nurse I will be right back . 182 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - infirmary office - day 182 Steven sit before a young prison doctor who look through he record . young doctor I be sorry to have to tell you this Steven , you t-cell count indicate that , uh ... well ... you have aids . Steven sit expressionless . steven how long do I have ? and off the Doctor 's grave face -- dissolve to : 183 ext . sky - 1966 - day 183 cloud drift slowly across the sky . the open scene again - the four kid lie on the hill , stare at the cloud . Young Steven smile at the sight . a dull whine be hear , building until -- smash CUT to : 184 int . TEXAS state pen hospital ward - 1998 - day 184 the first hospital scene in the movie . the cardio alarm blare . Steven watch from he bed as a doctor appear and push the nurse aside . doctor where 's the crash cart !? he straddle the patient 's chest and push down hard - the sound of a sternum cracking can be hear . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 102. steven ( v.o. ) so here we be , where you first meet I ... CUT to : 185 int . TEXAS state pen hospital ward - 1998 - later 185 a sheet be pull over the cardio victim 's corpse and Steven watch as it be wheeled out of the ward . he return he bleary gaze to the ceiling . steven ( v.o. ) I have be in this bed for month now . wait to die . the only thing that keep I go be the think that I might get a chance to see Phillip one more time . ( beat ) but I do not know how much longer I can do this ... Steven 's eye roll back into he head as he slip into unconsciousness . 186 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - cell - day 186 a slightly build , effeminate inmate ( SAMUEL ) rap on Phillip 's open cell door as he enter . SAMUEL get a minute ? phillip Samuel . you want some cracker ? SAMUEL no ... thanks . look - I just talk to my friend - he 's a nurse at the infirmary . I do not know if you know this or not but uh ... Phillip look to he with curiosity . smash CUT to : 187 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - infirmary entrance - day 187 Phillip flail as guard hold he back from a doctor . phillip let I in ! just let I in ! " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 103. doctor he 's not here ! phillip I need to see he ! doctor I tell you he 's not here ! you need to calm down . Phillip calm himself . phillip just tell I where he be . what happen ? doctor he slip into a coma for a few day . he 's conscious now , but he 's very sick . we have he transfer to a private care facility . there be nothing we could do for he here . it 's just a matter of time now . Phillip listen in devastate silence . 188 ext . restful acre care CENTER - 1998 - day 188 Steven look worse than ever in he semi-private bed , look out the window at the cloud with a catatonic gaze . he 's at peace . it be the moment of he death . caretaker ( o.s. ) Steven ? death will have to wait another few moment . a nurse lean over he as he try to focus . caretaker ( cont 'd ) Steven ? someone want to talk to you . he keep call . he 's drive we crazy . Steven can not respond . the nurse pick up the phone . caretaker ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) okay you can put he through . she put the phone to Steven 's ear . he can muster only a few word . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 104 . steven ( wisp ) I do not want you to find out ... 189 int . TEXAS state pen infirmary office - 1998 - day 189 Phillip be intercut with the helpless Steven . phillip Steven . oh God ... why do not you write I ? I do not know how this happen , they say I be fine . oh God , who do this ? ( then ) it do not matter . I have to talk to you Steven . ( tear up ) I be still angry with you , but I need you to know something . even if sometimes I do not know who you be , I love you . I never stop loving you . ( smile ) you and I be just fool for love I guess - write in the star or some crap like that . ( tear ) but it be never better , never more real than with you Steven . I realize now that all that crazy shit you do - in you fuck up way - it be always for I . always for we . you be the most amazing man Steven . it take my breath away . and even though I can not be with you now , I will always be yours ... forever . he steel himself as best he can . phillip ( cont 'd ) now if you have to go , go . it 's okay . I be right there . okay ? I be right there . tear surface again . he choke back a sob . 190 int . restful acre care CENTER - 1998 - continuous 190 as a single tear run down Steven 's face , the nurse put the phone on the hook and leave . Steven lie motionless . he gaze out the window to the pass cloud in the sky . it 's time . dissolve to : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 105 . 191 int . TX state pen , 1998 - cellblock - day 191 Samuel walk past cell after cell with a grave look in he eye . eventually he arrive at Phillip 's cell to find he sit on he bunk . SAMUEL Phillip ...? Phillip look up . SAMUEL ( cont 'd ) uh - my friend in the infirmary ... uh , they get a call from that long term care place and uh , well a few day ago Steven - ( then ) ... I be so sorry Phillip . Phillip nod as it wash over he . he send Samuel on he way with a look . once he 's alone , Phillip let go and sob . he bury he face in he pillow . after a long while - clang . a sound get he attention . a bossy guard stand at the door of he cell . bossy guard Morris . come with I . Phillip compose himself and follow the guard out . 192 int . TEXAS state penitentiary corridor - 1998 - day 192 the guard lead Phillip down the corridor . still come out of he mournful haze , he become curious . they arrive at a door mark , " meeting room 2 " . phillip where be we go ? bossy guard you lawyer 's here . he swing open the door to reveal steven , alive and well and wear a thrift store suit . Phillip be aghast , freeze . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 106 . steven ( v.o. ) do I forget to mention I do not die ? yeah , I do not die . fake the whole thing . smash CUT to : 193 int . TEXAS state pen , 1997 - michael unit cell - night 193 flashback . Steven be curl up in a ball , sobbing as he stare at a picture of Phillip paste to the wall . bunkmate ( o.s. ) shut the fuck up , I be try to sleep . steven fuck you . I get a break heart here . we see now he bunkmate be cleavon . cleavon well then do something about it mother fucker - `stead of cry like whitney Houston look for she crack pipe . Steven take he kind word to heart . steven yeah I know ... cleavon damn right . Love create miracle motherfucker . ai not you ever read the Bible ? so get off you ass and go forth unto the canaanite you faggot bitch . Steven return he gaze to Phillip 's photo . steven when you be right you be right cleavon ... Long pause . cleavon wanna suck I off ? steven no thanks . cleavon well sweet dream then . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 107 . steven ( v.o. ) lying there in all my misery , I have a moment of clarity . it become clear to I - I have to get to Phillip . no matter what . even if it mean die ... 194 int . TEXAS state pen , 1997 - cafeteria - day 194 flashback . Steven sit over a untouched tray of food , stare at it detach . steven ( v.o. ) faking you death from aids be no easy task , believe I . but after watch Jimmy die , I think I could make it convincing . first , you have to starve yourself - I eat half as much every day for ten month . after that , you have to fake all sort of symptom . 195 int . TEXAS state pen , 1997 - michael unit cell - night 195 flashback . Steven kneel over the toilet in he cell , stick he finger down he throat until he puke . steven ( v.o. ) you gotta keep this up for month until you lose about , say , 80 pound . 196 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - michael unit cell - morning 196 flashback . month later , Steven sit up in he bed . he now have a grey beard and with he shirt off we can see he have lose a unhealthy amount of weight . steven ( v.o. ) but the hardest part be falsify you record . 197 int . TX state pen , 1998 - michael unit cell ( lawrence ) day 197 Steven enter a inmate 's cell ( lawrence ) with a big bag of coffee . steven hey lawrence - you still work in the infirmary ? lawrence mmm hmm ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 108. Steven hold up a three pound bag of coffee . steven you like coffee ? 198 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - infirmary office - day 198 lawrence sweep up in a empty office . he look to see if the coast be clear and bolt for some file cabinet . after some search , lawrence pull out a file entitle " Russell , Steven a " . reading from a scrap of paper , he scrawl something with a pen . lawrence then reach into he pants and pull out some forge form - stuff they into the folder . 199 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - infirmary - day 199 flashback . OPEN close on the gaunt and grey-skinn Steven . a male nurse place a thermometer in he mouth and look at Phillip 's medical history . close on the file - a doctor 's entry read " HIV + since 91 " a few flip of the page reveal forged blood test document . buzzword like t-cell count and other term catch the nurse 's eye . he look concerned . male nurse I will be right back . 200 int . TEXAS state pen , 1998 - infirmary exam room - day 200 flashback . Steven sit before a young prison doctor who look through he record . young doctor ... you have aids . Steven sit expressionless . steven how long do I have ? and off the Doctor 's grave face -- " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 109 . 201 int . TEXAS state penitentiary hospital ward - 1998 - day 201 Steven lay in he hospital bed . a fat nurse put a pill in he mouth and follow it with some water . she exit . once she 's clear , Steven reach into he mouth and pull out the pill . he secretly place it into a small hole in he mattress for safe keep . 202 int . TEXAS state penitentiary hospital ward - 1998 - day 202 flashback . again , we be at the first hospital scene of the movie . the cardio alarm blare . Steven watch as a doctor appear and push the nurse aside . doctor where 's the crash cart !? he straddle the patient 's chest and push down hard - the sound of a sternum cracking can be hear . with the staff distract , Steven reach into he mattress hole and pull out score of pill . he stuff they into he mouth as fast as he can . steven ( v.o. ) but the hardest part by far be get transfer to a private care facility . it 's standard procedure for late stage patient , but convincing they I be about to die would involve take a few risk . he chase the pill down with a glass of water . 203 ext . restful acre care CENTER , 1998 - day 203 Steven be help from a correction van into a wheelchair outside the restful acre facility . steven ( v.o. ) after a four day coma , they be convinced . 204 int . restful acre care CENTER , 1998 - day 204 in he bed at the care facility , Steven look around and pick up the phone . he talk with a foreign accent . steven this be Doctor rios from the hamblin Center , Houston . I be look for aids patient for a study we be ... " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 110 . and as he talk -- steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and once I get settle in , I just call the Department of correction and convinced they I be a state- sponsor doctor look for late stage aids patient for a experimental treatment . ( then ) as luck would have it , they have one patient that be eligible ... Steven continue he Dr. rios imitation on the phone . steven oh you do ? Steven Russell ? could you spell that ? camera settle on a nearby calendar . it read : " monday , JANUARY 5 " match dissolve to : 205 int . restful acre care CENTER , 1998 - day 205 the calendar read " friday , MARCH 13 " a orderly enter with a wheelchair . orderly mister Russell , the clinic send a taxi here to pick you up . 206 I /e. restful acre care CENTER , 1998 - day 206 later that day , Steven be help out of he wheelchair into a wait taxi . steven ( v.o. ) and for all that time - all that doctor , all that nurse and all that facility ... not one of they ever think to give I a aids test ... the door slam and off he drive . steven ( v.o. ) Fucking Texas ... 207 int . taxi , 1998 - day 207 once clear , Steven speak to the driver . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 111. steven I have a special request when I order the cab . do they tell you ? taxi driver yeah - right here . he lift a greasy brown bag into view . steven thank god. Steven grab it and begin to gorge himself on burger . steven ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a week later , the hospice be to get a call from Doctor rios , tell they Steven Russell have die undergo treatment . and after all that hard work die ? where 's the first place I go ? 208 int . TEXAS state pen meeting room , 1998 - day 208 back to meeting room . Phillip stand freeze before Steven steven ( v.o. ) funny , huh ? the guard push Phillip past the threshold . the door slam shut behind he . he stagger toward Steven as a kaleidoscope of emotion play across he face . bewilderment , relief , sorrow , joy and finally , anger - whack ! he slap Steven across the face . phillip you be such a fucker ! steven I know - I be sorry - you be not suppose to find out . phillip well I do ! steven I could not take a chance tell you . you know that . I could not . but Phillip , I only do it so I could get here to you . ( then ) just to talk to you . and here I be . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 112. Phillip try to take this to heart . after a moment ... phillip you be so skinny . steven I be fine . just hungry . phillip Steven I do not - steven wait . listen . I just come here to tell you one thing and that 's it . you do not have to take I back , I just want to say one thing . Phillip be listen . steven ( cont 'd ) I know you think we be nothing but a lie - but underneath all that lie there be always something that be real . I think about what you say to I . you say you do not know who I be . but I have to tell you - I know now . I know who I be . I mean - I be not a lawyer , I be not a cfo , I be not a cop . Hell I be not even a escape artist . that Steven russells be dead . and now , all that 's leave be the man that love you . that 's all . nothing else . I be just the man that love you . ( then ) and if you can see that ... believe it ... then I promise I will never be anything else ever again . a long , long silence . Phillip look to he . phillip how do I know you be not bullshit I again ? Steven pause . he look Phillip square in the eye . steven you do not . and as Phillip stare at he - CUT to black : " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 113. a long silence . then finally ... fade in : 209 int . TEXAS courthouse corridor - 1998 - day 209 at a window , a clerk stamp a few document and hand they to Steven , who be dress in he lawyer attire . Steven exit the line and duck into a nearby bathroom . 210 int . TEXAS courthouse men' room - 1998 - day 210 at the urinal , Steven whistle to himself . super : " Steven Russell be arrest two week later try to secure Phillip 's release . " Steven turn he head to find the man at the next urinal stare at he . it 's a very surprised birkheim with a badge affix to he jacket read , " juror " . Steven smile at he . 211 int . TEXAS courtroom - 1999 - day 211 Steven sit in court while a female d.a. argue she case . super : " a embarrassment to the State of Texas and Governor George Bush , Steven be give a unprecedented life sentence . " she nod to the audience where lindholm sit smile . super : " coincidentally , the d.a. who prosecute he be the sister in law of Dan lindholm - Steven 's former boss " 212 int . lockdown cell , 1999 - night 212 Steven smile wide , shackle in a solitary 6 by 7 cell . super : " Steven sit in 23 hour - a- day lockdown , with only one hour a day for supervise shower and exercise . " Steven stare at he Key West calendar with a small photo of Phillip attach to it . the cell brighten , everything around Steven bloom with white light . he look to see . " I Love you Phillip Morris " Green page 5-23-08 114 . 213 ext . ocean - day 213 steven' Pov . Phillip also envelop in white light , sit on the bow of stare at he with a smile . Steven smile back . fade to black . super : " on average , there be 1.7 Friday the 13th a year . 214 ext . TEXAS state penitentiary - day 214 a siren blare over a wide of the facility . small in frame , we see Steven run from the prison gain ground on the two guard chase he . the end