I saw the Light write by Marc abraham I saw the light black screen . a song . '' , .. another love before my time make you heart sad and blue and so my heart be pay now for thing I do not do ... as the deep black turn smoky grey we be ... somewhere in southern Alabama . sometime past midnight . some time around 1950 . and though it 's impossible to clearly make out detail , it feel like what it be , a sweaty honky tonk . camera float like a moth around the beautiful and hypnotic face ; past the dark haunt eye of a 27 year - old man who somehow even in this first moment feel like he 's at least 20 year older . hiram '' hank '' william bear in a speck of a town , poorer than be imaginable . glimpsis of he ever present cowboy hat . a small stately stetson . his fancy western suit , sweat stain collar and miss rhinestone . not because he can not afford to fix they , he just do not have the time . hank be burn through the day and night with a fever that will scorch you . the voice be confident and ancient and yet supple like a child . but mostly it be so damn personal that every person who hear it think it belong to they . and of course , it be sad . sadder than anyone have ever hear . the song be '' cold cold heart . '' hank '' in anger unkind word be say , that make the tear drop start how can I free you doubtful mind and melt you cold cold heart ... '' the strain of hank 's lament play under the open of the next scene and then as speak voice come up , it die out . 73 mile south of montgomery andalusia , alabama december 15,1944 ext . texaco station - night a light rain . a service BAY . in the b.g. a young attendant , 20 put he tool away . a older man , m.a . ( continued ) continued : boyette , 60 , station owner , put a sport coat on over he work clothes ; then he watch . call out to someone in the office . boyette ( 0.s. ) you know what time I get up every morning , hank ? hank ( 0.s. ) no idea sir . boyette ( 0.s. ) well , 4:45 . Sun never ever beat I ... then know what I do at 6:15 ? hank ( 0.s. ) listen to my radio show ? boyette ( 0.s. ) on wsfa ? ... nope . I have my breakfast . int . texaco station - night boyette turn and enter the small office where he turn to the young man and woman he have be talk to . hank Fair enough ... I guess we be not that big or we would not be singin’ at that hour . hank , a handsome , lanky 22 year - old , hold a cowboy hat . he stare into the eye of audrey mae shepherd guy , 23 . a good - look blonde with a hard side and a wick smile . boyette Nah , I be kiddin’ around ... I listen to you program every now and then . hank nod , smile . boyette 's grease - stain hand pick up a sheaf of papers and flip through they . boyette ( cont would ) hmmm ... couple more little justice of the peace detail . this you license and divorce decree , miss guy ? audrey take a long look at the papers before answer . ( continued ) continued : audrey I be miss shepard now . guy be erksine 's surname . boyette but this divorce papers be in order , right ? audrey they definitely be , Mr. guy and I take care of that . you will take notice it 's notarize as well . she squeeze hank 's hand in reassurance . he squeeze it back . they face reveal a couple deeply in love . boyette I see that . just 10 day ago , huh ? ( set the papers aside , pick up a Bible ) well , to the business at hand . just because the ceiling be not vault and the window be not stain glass , do not mean that this union be any less sacred . now , before I pronounce you two sweetheart man and wife ... be there anyone here who have a objection , if so go ahead and speak you peace . the attendant enter . laughter . attendant not I , I be fine about it . hank well then , let 's get on with it . boyette audrey mae shepherd guy do you take hiram King hank Williams to love and honor in all duty and service . to live with he and cherish he accord to the bond of marriage . audrey I sure will . boyette and do you hiram King hank Williams , have this woman audrey mae ( pause ) ... ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) boyette ( cont would ) shepherd to be you wife and will you promise faithfulness in all love and honor and all duty in service to live with she accord to the bond of marriage . hank I will . ext . texaco station - night through the sweaty , fogge window and the grow SOUND of pouring rain , the fade word ... boyette ( v.o . ) by authority vested in I for the County of covington , state of Alabama , I declare you husband and wife . you may embrace . which hank do . Long and hard . int . kitchen - lillie william' boarding house - montgomery good size kitchen as befit a boarding house likely build in the late 1890' . large table , a lot of linoleum , some smoke wafting about and audrey at the stove . audrey ( sing ) '' , ... by a stream upon a meadow under cloud white as snow I dreamt about you baby even though you let I go '' ( take a drink from a beer ) whatya 's think ? hank stretch out between two chair , boot off , read a ranch romance pulp comic book . a five year - old girl , lycrecia ( audrey 's daughter from she first marriage ) sit on he lap , try to grab the comic . but hank be actually read and like it . they tussle for it . a plain pocket-size , overstuff notebook lie open next to he . there 's a empty beer bottle on the table and he 's drink from another . hank do not answer , instead take a swig . ( continued ) continued : hank how long it 's be since lycrecia see she daddy ? audrey he 's gonna stop by next week when she 's at mommy and dad 's . ( back to sing ) '' my heart be oh so heavy and my tear no longer glow I dreamt about you baby , even though you let I go '' so ? hank it 's fine , baby . audrey Fine ? hank yeah ... fine . as she put a plate of overcooked collare green on the table , a man , 50ish walk into the kitchen . audrey ( rough ) who be you ? man Raymond wallingford . I be a new boarder ... be you miss lillie ? audrey ( nod towards hank ) do I look like he mother ? man no , uh , no , not really . sorry ... wallingford spin quickly , exit . hank Raymond huh ... seem like a fine fella . hank set lycrecia aside , keep read the comic . he 's really enjoy it . laugh as he take a bite . audrey how 's the stew ? hank Fine . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) audrey everything 's fine ? even Raymond 's fine ... hank get up , get some ketchup . sit back , pour it all over the green . audrey ( cont would ) if it 's fine , it do not need any ketchup . hank it be not that fine . audrey the food or the song ? hank ( chuckle ) well , they both need a little ketchup , honey . audrey screw you hank . hank C ’mon aud . audrey you c’mon ... you always do this ... hank do what ? audrey like you promise I could sing with you on the program and there 's be none of that at all . hank ok , fine . audrey what 's that mean ? get up , grab another beer from the fridge , stumble over a bottle and walk out the back door and down wooden step to the yard . hank jeeze , just what I say , okay ... ext . boarding house - continuous audrey ( 0.s. ) ( from inside ) you think you be so high and mighty and it 's all you ... well , I get ambition too and ... you quit goddamn act like I can not sing . hank light a cig , he back to the door . suddenly one of he boot nail he in the back . he calmly bend down and pick it up . the other one sail out . he just put it on and move out of range . hank ( call out ) yeah , that 's a helluva song audrey , now why do not you work on you sense of humor . int . ROADHOUSE club - night decent crowd . Music be number three on the list of important thing in a joint like this : 1 ) illegal liquor 2 ) fight , then music . hank ( 0.s. ) ( possibly honky tonk blue here instead ) '' and we will go honky tonkin’ honey baby , honky tonkin’ honey baby we will go honky tonkin’ around this town camera snake through the crowd that have the air of danger that come after midnight on a state highway in the middle of the summer . heavy smoke part revealing crease face and dirty fingernails ; sandpaper hand cup beer and coke bottle fill with cheap clear whiskey . hank ( cont would ) when you and you baby have a fall out call I up sweet mama and we will go step out and we will go honky tonkin’ ' round this town ... '' this be young rugge farmer and factory worker in they 20' , watch they woman eat up hank while they stroke they girl 's thigh . ( continued ) continued : hank on stage . he wear a stetson , a regular suit and a loosen tie . behind he be a version of he band the drifting cowboys . through the year the name would always stay the same , but the player would change 20 time . for now don helm 20 's on pedal steel guitar and lum york , 20 's on bass ; jerry river , 20 and one other player ( consider sammy pruitt ) . hank hunch over the microphone , all 150 pound of he . as he sing , he knee buckle , he hip thrust . for this day , it 's unique . visceral . and the sexuality can not be deny . he yodel , a woman shriek . Rest of crowd laugh at that . in the wing be hank 's mother , lillie , 40 's , intense , formidable and nearly as tall as she 6 foot son . she wear a simple black dress and argue with audrey . they do not now , and never have , like each other . lillie flip through the last bill of '' tonight 's take . '' then actually start count the crowd . audrey how much we get there , miss lillie ? lillie I be under no obligation to you . audrey right , that go both way ... he 's drink like a fish tonight . lillie you think so ... on hank . finishes the song , glimpsis over at the two of they . nod for audrey to join he . she 's pleased , lillie 's not . audrey do not worry lillie , hank will hand it over to I before we even get home ... lillie I would be careful little girl , that 's a tinder box out there . hank grab a coke bottle full of liquor off the floor . nearly fall as he do . Big swig , then drape he arm around audrey . he kiss she cheek , she lean into he . they roll into '' blue come around '' together . a scary guy stand up in the crowd . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) scary guy hey Williams , you sound like a billy goat . so do she . hank ignore he . audrey -.+. sit down you horse 's ass . hank shake he head at she . she know better . the man 's wife pull he back to he seat . scary guy so you hidin’ behind a woman ... you hear I you , you skinny little shit . hank stop , share a look with audrey , a quick glance at helm , then to the heckler . hank no , I can not hear you . start the song again . guy stand up again . scary guy ++. every morning when my wife wake up she 's listen to you on the damn radio , if she 's listen tomorrow mornin 's I be gonna beat the hell out of she . hank casually nod audrey to step away . she hesitates , but do . hank ( smile ) well , partner why do not you just turn the damn thing off ... that 's why they put knob on it . audience laugh . the guy explode , charge the stage , push people out of the way . hank show no fear , just carefully set down he guitar , go straight for the leg of don 's steel guitar . crowd scatter , the scary guy trip , almost fall , get to the stage , jump up and dive for hank . he just barely grab hank 's pant leg and pull he to the floor . but as hank go down , he wail on the scary guy with the steel guitar leg . it all get bloody . now lillie wade in with she fist pump , as Don and lum try to separate they . int . lillie 's boarding house / bedroom - dawn 10 . only a touch of morning light . hank snore heavily . his pillow be spot with blood . he have a Band - Aid on he cheek . audrey be next to he , snore even louder . the door open and lillie enter , stare , then gently shake hank . audrey stir . hank reach over to wake audrey . lillie quickly stop he . she do not want she along . i/e. road / chevy - dawn tight on lillie 's face as she drive fast . her eye a study of reflection . lillie I know I birthed you hank ... I be there . ( chuckle to herself ) but where you come from , how you get what you get and why you have it ... I swear no one know that . maybe the Lord ... maybe . hank now barely visible in the backseat . hat pull over he eye . hank ( a hoarse whisper ) she 's go to be piss about this . lillie think I care ... I be do everybody at the station a favor . that woman do not have clue who 's the star ' round here . and I have not be drive you all over the state for 10 year , book joint and schoolhouse to see she sweep in like she 's the Queen of England . hank yeah ... know why you and audrey do not get along , cause one of you 's afraid the other 's gonna beat she to my pocket when I get drunk . lillie how can you say that ? that 's hurtful , son . lillie take a corner and tire squeal . ( continued ) 11 . continued : hank hey , I be whupped ... that 's all . lillie wish that be all . when 's the last time you eat ? hank I can not recall . they barrel in silence . hank try to get comfortable , stretch , put he jacket under he back . can not . he 's clearly in pain . lillie you back sore ? hank it 's fine ... int . jefferson davis HOTEL / wsfa studio - montgomery - day a small studio on the second floor of the hotel . a microphone say wsfa / NBC . the band be stretch out on fold chair behind it . wait . they sip coffee and smoke . hank enter carry he guitar case and be immediately confront by the Station owner , howard pill . pill Williams , where you get off waste twelve minute of air time ? that shit 's not gonna work . hank turn , stare , say nothing . pill ( cont would ) -+. and you smell like a damn still . all of you . the guy stifle laugh , as hank move to the mic . finally . hank I be sorry Mr. pill . pill well , that do not mean anything to I . hank open he guitar case while signal to the engineer to get thing roll . the band gather they instrument . ( continued ) 12 . continued : engineer , sebie smith , peer through the booth glass to pill , who have no option . pill signal '' ok '' start the show . pill ( cont would ) I 'il boot you , I swear to god , I will . this be a business we be run , asshole . hank ( drip sarcasm ) oh I surely know that , Mr. pill . sebie count it down ... hank ( cont would ) hey , a fine very early good morning to all you friend out there . this be ol 's hank and the drifting Cowboys ... we be awful sorry we be get a late jump , but well , last night we get jump ourselves out on highway 31 . ( the band laugh ) I get a sore head and some other fellow in Alabama get some crack head . and oh yeah , there 's one more thing . this look like it 's gonna be we last program here at wsfa . hank smile at pill who 's stare back at he with disgust . hank ( cont would ) and if any of you out there have enjoy it , well , we have like to sure hear from you . now how about a little song I actually do not write call '' my bucket 's get a hole in it ’... int . wsfa office - late night Howard pill walk up to two full U.S. post office carton next to a secretary 's desk . bend down , shuffles through a box that 's fill with letter to hank . walk away , say nothing . ext . lillie 's boarding house - day close on hand . a stub of a pencil . ( continued ) 13 . continued : hank be not write , he 's just doodling in a notebook . ( it 's ever present and full , with piece of paper stuff in it , hold together with a rubber band ) . he sit on the porch of lillie 's boarding house . a few other border be present as well . a cigarette dangle from he lip , a beer by he side . a young girl , ellie , 20 , sit down . ellie what you writin 's hank ? hank ahh , maybe a little poem to the Lord , might turn into a song . always use a new one . ellie really ... be you the religious sort ? hank well , when I be a boy I spend a lot of time in church listen to gospel . ellie you still be a boy . he reach over and nonchalantly stroke she leg . hank think so , ellie ? ellie why do not you write I a poem . hank okay , but I might have to get to know you a little better . ellie ( coyly ) sure , when ? lillie come out on the front porch , walk over , take the beer . lillie get lose ellie . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) ellie stand , smile at hank ... and straighten up as she see audrey , who walk up carry grocery . hank , now face the two of they . audrey you see Howard pill call ? lillie when ? audrey ' for I leave . say hank 's gotta come back , he have a contract . lillie that 's true , we do . and it 's a good job right now . audrey say he have like I to do some sing on the show . lillie that 's not true . hank Jesus . I be do pretty good here . hank stand up , put the notebook in he back pocket . take the beer out of lillie 's hand . hank ( cont would ) a few more show and I wanna be do with he . lillie it 's not that easy to get out of . audrey well , he can do what he want , lillie . hank head inside . lillie what be this , a schoolyard ? audrey ( back to hank ) where you go ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) hank right now I be gonna take a piss . and day after tomorrow , I be go up to Nashville . Charlie Holt give I the name of a guy who could help with the opry . audrey smile at lillie . lillie cut int . wsm / audrey I be pressin’ Charlie Holt . you know that ? you know that , right .. hank sure . lillie well that 's swell , audrey ... audrey sound good ... when we go , baby ? hank Friday . audrey Friday ? Mom 's bring lycrecia back then . 's a smile back at audrey . lillie so there you go . lobby - day 15 . camera quickly follow jud collin , the Station announcer . he wind he way through the buzzing hall . Glass window door bear the call letter , wsm '' Home of the opry . '' he enter the lobby . hank smoke a cigarette , stare at a dj through a booth window . absently stroke the back of he head . next to he sit a beat up leather bag . a grey fedora rest on top of it . hank turn jud hey there . , extend he hand . they shake . hank I be hank Williams . ( continued ) 16 . continued : jud I hear that . hank take this in . hank I ' 1l get down to it then . Charlie Holt give I you name , Mr. Collins . he say you have tell I what I have to do to get on the opry . jud ( laugh ) well , there 's only one way to do that and that 's audition for Jack stapp . hank you know I sure hate that audition , Mr. Collins .... could I just meet he ? Young secretary in the hall call mr . collin , who signal just a moment . jud Son , they be no shortcut to the opry . hank then would you tell Mr. stapp that I be here . jud hank , how old be you ? hank twenty - four when I last check . jud well , that oughta be old enough to know that 's not how it work . you will have to make a appointment , play for he and then if he like it , you play for judge Hay . hank and then what ? jud then judge Hay be likely to tell you to come back when '' you be hot enough to draw fly ... '' ( continued ) continued : 17 . ( 2 ) hank I just might know how to do that . jud then you get a good start . jud size he up , think for a moment ... jud ( cont would ) you know Fred Rose ? hank know of he . Roy acuff 's partner . jud among other thing ... maybe you oughta know of he a little better . int . fred rose 's office - day fred rose , mid 40 's , slight widow 's peak , a keen visage that have no trouble hold a intense gaze . that say , he smile when reveal , be warm . there 's a piano in the office . he sit on swivel desk chair look straight at we . Fred be be interview by a reporter who will never be see on camera . his voice will be intelligible but muffle . fred rose since you be ask I ... I think basically it 's impossible to understand why or what happen when a artist or performer capture people 's imagination . the drum start to beat and the message move across the mountain . of course , there 's no shortage of manager or publisher or press for that matter , explain why so and so be hot , or proclaim this fellow be go to be a star ... that 's a opinion ... ( beat ) and I be familiar with a lot of they ... interviewer but you obviously think hank have something . fred rose yes I do . it would have be hard not to ... ( more ) ( continued ) continued : jump CUT jump CUT 18 . fred rose ( cont would ) when he first come to see I he play some of the song he have write , and some other folk material too . ( take a beat ) actually I believe audrey , he wife , have be call here quite a bit , push I to see he ... anyway , I offer he a contract right then and there as a song writer . twenty dollar a song I believe . interviewer .».. and to be clear , you be a song publisher here in Nashville . fred rose yes ... ( laugh ) I be originally a song and dance man from St. Louis , via New York , but yes , Roy acuff , who as you know have be a big opry star for quite some time ... we have a company . ( think , smile ) I really like hank right off . maybe it be because he do not give a darn whether you like he or not . interviewer Don helm say you be the only one who he would really listen to about he music . fred rose let 's put it this way he would listen to I . that do not mean he hear . interviewer do you see , or rather what do you know about he ... problem ? fred rose all I will say be , as a young man I be personally no stranger to similar trouble myself . 19 . ext . alabama road - late afternoon / dusk a ' 42 plymouth roll across a country bridge . fred rose ( v.o. ) so I tell he I be a Christian scientist , which he be not likely not to know , and we assert that humanity be spiritual rather than material . that ... that faith have help I through some dark time ++. and he should call I if he need I . i/e . alabama road / plymouth - dusk Don helm drive , a woman next to he . hank be stretch out in the backseat , head in audrey 's lap , bare foot out the window . Radio play low . ( probably a baseball game ) . go on a bit , then ... don a damn publishing deal . a publishing deal . audrey ten dollar per song , plus royalty . don officially ... a pay songwriter . hank that 's right , so I suggest you address I as Mr. hiram Williams . audrey lean over , tip up he baseball type cap . don where the hell do '' hiram '' come from ? hank my old man . get it from King hiram in the Book of king . and then misspel it on the birth certificate . put in a extra '' I . '' that 's why they use to call I '' harm . '' ( continued ) continued : 20 . audrey Boy , lillie never mention you daddy at all , like he never exist . hank well , she put he in the Veteran Hospital in pensacola when I be six . War injury from France or something , but some cousin tell I it be from a truck accident at the lumber yard . anyway , he be mess up and that be about it for we ... after that ... well , I be pretty much my own daddy . audrey take a beat , stroke he temple . they laugh audrey I be so glad we be take a couple of day . hank yeah , I too . woman in car do not you just love lightning bug ? audrey Love ‘em . don who do not ? hank lizard ... ' cause that light juice kill ‘em when they eat ‘em . don man , can not wait to get out in that boat and do some real fishin’ . hank and just think , if you know how , how much fun it have be . don I ’'1l have two in the wet well before you have a worm on the damn hook . 21 . int . lake cottage / bedroom - night screen sleeping porch . hank , bare - chest , scrawny and in boxer , lie on the bed , smoking . audrey be propped up on she elbow in a cotton nightgown . audrey come on baby ... what ’ya do over there ? a mosquito buzze around hank . he swat at it . miss . he sit up , then get up , comically try to clap it out of the air . hank hold on . audrey stare at the bony lump on he lower back . finally , he nail it . hank ( cont would ) night , night lil 's bastard . before he lie back down , he empty several aspirin from a bottle on the bedside table and gulp they . audrey gently touch the bump . hank ( cont would ) I think we might have a little bronco riding tonight . audrey really , say who ? hank say ol 's hank . audrey well , I look forward to that event . hank you should . audrey ( teasing ) especially since you be not drinkin’ . hank now darling , that 's uncall for . he turn off the light . in the dark . ( continued ) 22 . continued : audrey you be right . c’mon climb up cowboy . hank Nah ... too sore , you be in the saddle tonight . sheet rustle , then she get on top of he . audrey you love I ? hank you love I ? audrey do you love I , honey ? hank hmmm , most of the time , I do . they laugh , start rock . squeake bed . hank ( cont would ) you know what I want aud ? audrey me. hank all the marble . audrey what ? ... what about my marble ? hank they be include ... audrey good thinkin’ . hank baby , nothin 's gonna stop I . really . nothin’ . moan from audrey , grunt from hank . audrey yes , nothing 's gonna stop we baby . ( beat ) now ... really , can you not stop . int . 23 . castle recording studio ( nashville ) - day SOUND booth . Fred and hank be there alone . Band be fiddling around in the background . hank int . hank hank hank rip hank you never be in the doghouse have you pappy ? fred not if I can avoid it son ... it 's certainly be a long while . hank well , I kinda think you be the exception . most of the man I know end up there sometime . fred then you go out there and make they feel better about themselves . stand slowly , smile ... hank yessir , yessir ... studio enter and look at Don . don move it on over ? nod . don ( cont would ) any idea chief ? hank you know what to do . count it down , Don strum the pedal steel and the band into the blue -y , rock tune . hank ( cont would ) '' come in last night at half - past ten that baby of mine would not let I in so move it on over move it on over ( more ) ( continued ) 24 . continued : hank ( cont have ) move over little dog ' cause the big dog 's movin 's in '' '' move it on over '' play over beginning of next scene , then slowly fade . ext . hank & audrey 's house ( stewart ST. , montgomery ) - day hank and audrey have move into a small home . audrey stand out front , instruct a workman who 's install bright - color metal awning over the window . int . kitchen - continuous hank at the kitchen counter , look out at audrey . he smoke a cigarette , pour a coffee . then notice a note on the counter . do not read it . he open the fridge . it 's almost empty . he pick up a bottle of milk , smell it . sour. put it in the sink . walk to the kitchen table and sit down . a fur coat lay conspicuously over one of the chair . audrey enter . he motion for she to sit on he knee . before she do , she slip the fur coat over she summer dress . the Montgomery examiner newspaper be spread open on the table . hank ( smile ) you see this ... '' where the inspiration for ' move it on over 's come from , hank could not say . it 's surely not he own marry life . Mr. and Mrs. hank Williams have a model domestic life . '' audrey ( smile ) you think that 's funny ? hank kinda , do not you ? ... also say here '' we have sell over 90,000 . '' as hank adjust how he 's sit , he back tweak a it . audrey notice and get off he lap . she stand up , then look closer at the article . audrey if it 's even half true , I wonder what kinda money that really add up to . ( continued ) continued : 25 . hank add up to hiram Williams be a big damn deal . audrey well big deal , you see that note on the counter ? Howard pill call , make sure we be at the station tomorrow . hank Hell with that show . I should have never go back . int . jefferson davis HOTEL / wsfa studio - morning hank stand at one mic . there 's another one next to it that audrey walk up to . hank .-+. so folk say you be milkin’ a cow or just go to the store for some extra feed or supplies we sure appreciate you listen to we ... really do and now here 's a little tune I be gonna sing along with my precious wife , audrey . int . jeferson davis HOTEL / wsfa booth - continuous pill and the sound engineer can not hide they frustration . hank ( 0.c . ) it 's call '' Pan american , '' which some of you know be the locomotive that highball it from Cincinnati to New Orleans every day and right through my old home in georgiana , Alabama . set you clock by it ... pill at least turn she mic down , for god 's sake . hank start off and then audrey join in for some solo sing , before hank jump back in . int . jefferson davis HOTEL / wsfa hallway - day Don at the coffee machine . ( continued ) continued : don well , we get through that . jerry river barely . pill enter . pill somebody 's get to do something . just then hank come out of the studio . they clam up . pick up on what 's happen . hank well , you boy discuss the weather ... or audrey ? lum actually , we be discuss she sing . pill hank , she 's ... well ... awful . hank hey you sonuvabitch , that 's my wife . pill you know it as well as I do . 26 . he hank 's unaware audrey be walk up behind he . before he can be warn ... hank maybe I do , but that do not matter right now . she 's my wife . silence from everyone , as they stare past he . audrey screw you ... my husband . hank spin . she walk off . he give the guy a look , '' thanks . '' hank hey darlin’ you do not hear what I be say , I be defend you ++. c'mon , you do a helluva job on that tune . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) audrey just forget it . she disappear around the corner . he rush after she . hank baby , it 's a beautiful morning , you look beautiful , we be do really swell . she stop . audrey have another drink , hank , we be do shit . hank why do you have to say that ? audrey people like my sing ... they tell I that . but not you . every time you get a chance you squash I like bug . hank what be you talk about ? a bug . more like a damn queen bee . I bring you up there , I stand by you side . audrey yeah , hold you nose . I be sick of feel bad , hank . sick of it and everything else that come with it . hank hey , we get a hit record , a new house , you get a goddamn fur coat -.. audrey stop ! dammit stop ! audrey think that make up for all the drunken whore around bullshit I take ? hank it oughta make up for somethin’ . audrey well , it do not . not for a second do it make up for crush a person 's dream . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) audrey ( cont would ) and I tell you what , cause it 's clear as hell right now . you can take you hit record , wrap it up in you fur coat and ... answer the phone when my lawyer call . a beat as hank watch she disappear . hank great ... he can call right fuckin’ now . then he kick a chair halfway down the hall . this all echoe as '' they 'il never take her Love from I '' or a alt - begin to play underneath . ext . pensacola , florida motel - day hank , unshaven , beat , sit on a motel balcony overlook the ocean in pensacola , eighty mile south of Montgomery . the wind gust , sun wash he face , sand blow , whitecap . in he hand be a half crumpled letter . as he read it , and this be clearly not the first time , Fred Rose 's voice come up ... letter / fred rose ( v.o . ) '' dear hank , I feel kinda let down today after receive you call ' cause I know you be drink again and hank that be something I refuse to go for because it only prove a man 's weakness ... the hard sun sink heavy as it near the water . letter / fred rose ( v.o. ) ... if you want audrey back , get a haircut and buy a new suit , wash you face and throw that damn whisky bottle out the window ... he drop the letter , stumble to the bed , sit unsteadily . but Fred 's voice still resonate . letter / fred rose ( v.o . ) if you think you want to straighten out and let I take care of business as I have be do , sign the enclose contract , have they notarize . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . continued : letter / fred rose ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) if you feel sorry for yourself and keep drink then just tear they up and forget the whole deal . '' he close he eye . the screen go dark with they . when he open he eye , he 's stare into a animal hide ... the fur coat he give audrey , but wrap around a naked woman of 25 . she pull it open , lean down , kiss he pain forehead . hand he a sweat beer bottle . pensacola woman why do not we spread this little fox over there and have a lay down . hank smile , take a sip . then the bottle drop from he hand , slowly spilling over the sheet . '' why do not you Love I or alt '' fade out int . prattville sanatorium ( alabama ) / room - night a stark room with three bed . bar on the window . Light come from parking lot lamppost outside . hank be sprawle on one of the bed . there 's another man sleep / sedate on another one . hank wear pajama bottom and a sleeveless undershirt . and he 's sweat , roll around , half asleep , bite he cheek . shake . for the first time , we notice he hair be thinning . int . prattville sanatorium lobby - morning tile floor . nurse receptionist at a check in / out desk . feel more like a secure woman 's club than a hospital . a half open duffel bag sit on a bench . poke out between a pair of roll up slack , a gun barrel . at the other end of the bench sit a young girl lose in she own thought . hank pace , look out the front window , wait . turn to the receptionist rub he freshly shave face . hank say how do I look ? nurse better than you do when you come in , Mr. Williams . ( continued ) 30 . continued : hank ( sardonic ) thank you miss Warwick ... and I be not come in again . nurse I be pleased to hear that . he turn back to see Don helm enter carry a big box of Boston bake bean . hank half smile at the candy , look behind Don , then they stare at each other . Don noticeably uncomfortable . hank my darling valentine 's not with you , huh ? Don shake he head , '' no . '' hank ( cont would ) you hear anything from she ? don no ... hank take a beat and then , raise he arm to show off he bony biceps . hank well , shag ... winner and still champeen . Don manage a smile . look at the nurse for ... something . they share a look . hank slowly pick up he bag . int . montgomery bank - day close on hank 's face . toothpick hang from he mouth . his eye move slowly back and forth as he read something . wide to reveal a large panell conference room , second floor , look out on a saving and loan sign . hank be very alone at the far end of a large table . clean up . serious . reading some papers . then ... hank ( read ) '' this day in April , 1948 ... ( more ) ( continued ) 31 . continued : hank ( cont would ) my husband , hank Williams be 24 year old and have a violent and ungovernable temper . he drink a great deal , and during the last month he have be drunk most of the time . my nervous system have be upset and I be afraid to live with he any longer . '' a banker enter behind he , carry a envelope . hank continue read without acknowledge the man . hank ( cont would ) yeah ... '' the past few month have be engage in the wildest extravagances and waste the fund which come into he hand ... '' banker hate listen to this . hank finally set they down . banker well , hank , audrey sure run up a hell of a tab at lowry 's Furniture . the owner say he want it all by end of this week . hank you can tell that guy , that every month I put all my bill in a hat and then I draw one out and that 's the one I pay . if he press I up again , I be not even gonna put he damn bill in the hat . banker ( laugh ) awright , whatever you say . ( hand he the envelope ) here it be . everything else will get settle up when you actually finalize the divorce papers ... it 's a push on the house essentially . but you be out from under it and here 's the deposit $ 2250.00 ... in cash . hank let he set it neatly and slowly on the table . hank it 's all a just a bunch of paper ».. some green and some bloody ... ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) banker yes , well , it 's certainly a lot of cash . hank not so much that it stick around . banker if you have like to discuss a savings plan of some sort . hank you call audrey . maybe she will when she get she hand on she half . ext . lillie 's boarding house - day a few border go in and out . mailman drop off several letter . hank ( 0.s. ) maybe you just lose faith pappy . int . lillie 's boarding house / hallway upstair - day hank stand next to the telephone . he 's in he underwear , obviously just wake up . raymond wallingford cross . fred rose ( on phone ) just the opposite son . I take my first step with you base on faith because I surely could not see where we be go . it 's because I do believe in you that I want to get you out of Montgomery . lillie enter . hank look up . lillie you talkin’ to that divorce bitch ? hank ignore she . randomly intercut back and forth between Fred and hank . hank it 's the opry Fred , that 's what I want . I have always want it . it 's the everything . it 's the deal . ( continued ) continued : 33 . fred rose I get it , but that 's not in the card yet , not yet . I be talk to that boy , but we be go to have prove ourselves ... and not just with music frankly , but with reliability . lillie stare . he nod for she to get out . she do not . Fred pause ) hank take hank the hell with they then . they can go screw themselves if they think they be better than I . lillie that 's right , they can kiss you ass . 's , calm . fred rose I be not the enemy hank ... look , I have get thing just about set up with the hayride down in Shreveport on kwkh . he time answer . hank okay . fred rose okay ? hank for the time be ... fred rose now how 's the family , audrey ? I hear something ... hank ( take he time ) she 's just fine . lillie she 's a demon that 's what she be . fred rose that 's good , cause woman can be vengeful when they be not on you side . ( continued ) 34 , continued : ( 2 ) hank she 's on my side . lillie she 's on she own damn side . hank shoot she a look . fred rose we will get to Nashville , son . hank we get to pappy . ext . farmhouse ( bank , alabama ) - day a harsh sun , flat field , a endless horizon . hank lean on he car park in a gravel area , in front of audrey 's parent be farmhouse . he shift back and forth , wait . a curtain in the window move . finally audrey step out . a moment later , lycrecia appear in the doorway next to she . audrey stays at the door . hank stay at the car . call across the dusty drive . hank audrey . audrey hank . hank I be gonna be go to Shreveport for the hayride . I want you to come with I . audrey uh hunh . you get the papers ? hank yep ... you get the house money ? hank slowly begin to shuffle towards she . audrey un hunh ... hank c’mon audrey ... audrey you always c’mon . we be about to be divorced in case you do not know . ( continued ) continued : 35 . hank it 's too hard , this divorce thing . audrey you should have think about that a long time ago . hank probably . but I could not see that far . I could not see that fight with you be better than be apart . audrey people do divorce all the time . trust I you can do it . hank yeah , but I marry the right woman for a man like I and I be not ready to say goodbye to she . audrey I do not know that . do not exactly know what it mean . hank I need you with I , that 's what it mean ... besides , do not I look good ? audrey uh huh . you look okay ... lillie go ? hank no. audrey ( digging in ) lillie go ...? hank ( smile ) uh uh ... audrey slowly start to walk towards he . audrey think you can treat I properly , quit drink ? hank yeah I do . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) audrey you can not . hank I can try . just come with I . audrey I be afraid to . Long pause . hank I love you . audrey you do , huh ? ... you gonna quit fight I about sing together ? he hesitates , but just for a split second . hank yeah . audrey you mean it ? hank I mean it . they be just about next to each other . hank slowly bridge the last few foot . and then she hug he as they both hold on tight . ext . garage apt . - day shreveport summer 1948 8 mm footage . handheld . silent . music : of the time : sinatra , nat cole , peggy lee , dexter gordon as examples . hank and audrey outside they small garage apartment . hank 's smoking and laugh at lycrecia , who chase a neighbor 's dog . audrey look really happy . on side of the driveway be a tiny trailer . the door open and lum York step out , smile at the camera , fake trip . 37 . ext . lake - day Don and hank , side by side , dueling spin rod , casting into a quiet lake ext . shreveport municipal auditorium - night outside shreveport municipal auditorium . night time . 100 's be line up . hank , arm around audrey stand under the marquee , point up - johnnie and Jack , the baile Brothers , curley kinsey and hank Williams . ext . road - somewhere in the south - day the band car pull a trailer , cruise a Dixie highway . 8mm footage end int . band car - night everyone be asleep , save Don , who be drive . hank ride shotgun but can not get comfortable . after a beat , he search he pocket , bring out a hand full of aspirin and a inhaler . take a snort . the label say benzedrine . he offer it to Don , who shake it off . ext . garage apt - early morning hank walk up rickety metal stair . int . garage apt . - day hank stand at the kitchen sink wash he face . he the walk down hall and enter bedroom . audrey stir . he move to the bed , pull off he boot . collapse backwards . hank ( close he eye ) mornin 's darlin’ . audrey how would the road go , you alright ? hank it all go fine , but I be pretty beat ... sorry I wake you . ( continued ) 38 . continued : audrey you do not . I have not be sleep worth a damn . hank no ? well I know about that ... audrey ..-. Nah , have not . hank well you get up ? Cause I be go down ... or try to . audrey in a sec . she stare over at he . in near sleep , he 's a boy . she brushes he cheek . audrey ( cont would ) hank ... hank yeah . audrey you listen ? hank I be kinda driftin’ off honey . audrey I be gonna tell you somethin’ hank ( barely ) yeah . audrey you be gonna be a daddy . hank lie there for a moment . sit up . hank audrey mae ... she just nod . hank ( cont would ) my god , we be gonna have a baby . really ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) audrey really . he put he hand on she belly . she move it away . raise she nightgown and then put he hand back . he gently rub she flat belly . hank can not tell . audrey you will . hank oh audrey ... I love you . audrey I love you . hank this be gonna be great , goddamn great . he 's gonna have a real dad . yeah ... not like I have it , not like it be for I . no , he 's gonna have family . they be giddy . audrey how do you know it 's a boy ? hank well , whatever it be , he 's gonna have a real family . he gently lower he cheek to she belly . ext . garage apt . / driveway - day hank and Don beside the trailer tossing stone at a magnolia tree . hank shag , the other day pappy say seem I be run out of idea . don I have get no sense of that , but you be '' smile '' more . maybe happy be too hard on you . hank that 's kinda frightenin’ . ( continued ) 40 . continued : don yeah , well ... hank consider this . hank ( only half joke ) well , you know I think I would rather be unhappy than unsuccessful . don ( laugh ) I believe you would . hank anyway , he want I to head up to Cincinnati for a session . don yeah . when ? hank next week . don I be good . hank yeah ... ( beat ) look , pappy say he want to try out some other boy to back I up for this one . don what the hell , what have you tell the man ? hank his call . don ( beat ) I do not like that much . hank do not figure you would . but that 's the way it 's gotta be . don maybe you do not need we at all . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) hank look , it do not mean anything , just that Red foley 's band 's already up there and Fred want a record right away . don ( sarcastic ) oh , I see , do not mean nothing . hank I do not need any shit , shag . don I neither . neither one say anything . it just settles . don ( cont would ) what 's he get in mind ? hank send I something call '' they will be no tear drop tonight . '' I do not much care for it . I want to try '' lovesick . " don well , he will not like that since you do not write it . hank no , that 's true ... but I make it mine now , do not I ? hank throw another rock , which miss . sail into neighbor 's yard . Dog bark . hank ( cont would ) shit .. int . herzog recording studio - day December 22 , 1948 E.T. herzog Studio , Cincinnati Ohio 3 hour in ... Red foley 's band - jerry byrd , zeke turner , a couple of other , sit on fold chair . foot up , sip Coke , smoking and watch hank and Fred argue . ( continued ) 42 . continued : hank we just do a couple for you pappy , I get one for I . lovesick . right boy ? turn to the band , who give he no support . hank ( cont would ) well , hell , screw you guy ... fred rose hank that song be painful ... and not in the right way . it 's out of meter and you hold some of that note too damn long . hank well , when I find a note I like , I like holdin’ on to it . fred rose fact be , it 's pretty awful . no disrespect . hank yeah , well you may not like it , but when I walk off the hayride stage after sing it and then I throw my hat back on the stage the hat get a encore ... that 's pretty hot . fred rose I be get a cup of coffee , just be do when I get back , okay ? hank turn to the boy and smile . they do not . they be really hope Fred win the argument . but they slowly get up and move towards they instrument . hank awright let 's keep it simple . jerry byrd oh no need to worry , hank ... all this shit be simple . they lock hard eye on this . tense ... until Jerry pick up he instrument and hank move to mic . Zeke lead the intro of '' lovesick blue '' - hank come in . hank '' I gotta feel call the blue , since my baby say goodbye ( more ) ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) hank ( cont would ) I do not know what I x11 do , all I do be sit a cryyyy ... '' fade out . fade in : int . fort worth diner - afternoon hank stand at a table eat , or try to ... barely touch a ketchup slather hamburger and drink a cup of coffee . Don sit across from he . sammy pruitt 19 , at another table , read billboard . hank sammy , you get there yet ? sammy pruett nope . I do not start at the back . hank I guess in high school you still read front to back . sammy pruett that 's funny , hank . you be not that much older you know . hank I be bear older than you ... sammy get up , walk over , drop the billboard on the table . the chart page . at the top . number 1 . lovesick blue . hank stare . no one say anything . he look up at the guy . and in he face we can see this be it . hank ( cont would ) you know what Jerry byrd say when we be in the studio ... don there 's no tell . hank Said he '' could not believe anything as sorry as ' lovesick 's could ever be a hit ... '' I x11 tell you something , and this be not bull . if this do not get I to the opry , I be gonna give it up . ( continued ) 44 , continued : laughter . but none from hank . hank ( cont would ) no shit , they 'il have to find I on a boat full of bass and come begging . just at that moment , oscar davis , they manager , first see through the window , rush in . sweating . out of breath . oscar davis hank . hank ... it 's audrey ! int . hospital / hallway - night silence . a clock say 1:05 a.m . the middle of a hospital night . a station nurse answer a phone . suddenly the muffle sound of a women 's scream . close hank 's face . he turn towards it quickly . stare down the hall . wait , faint moan . perfectly still , he take this in . pull back he stand in front of a Coke machine . he put in a dime , take the Coke from the machine . as he try to pop the bottle cap , another scream . the bottle drop to the floor . fizhes everywhere . jump CUT 1:45 a.m. double door swing open . Doctor walk out , smile . hank leap up . doctor congratulation , you have a son Mr. Williams . hank I do ? doctor you do . hank I have a son . doc ( laugh ) yes you do . hank a boy ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : doc yes , Mr. Williams ... a boy . hank be overwhelm . he lower he eye , tear form . his body shake . he wipe he eye with he sleeve and look back up . hank thank the Lord . how be he ... how 's the mama ? doctor she 's good , she 's strong ... the boy , well , he 's healthy and ... big. hank Big ? doctor over 10 pound . biggest this year . hank he 's a hoss huh ? doctor that he be . hank thanks doc. hank shake he hand vigorously , turn away and catch he own reflection in the dark hospital window . a huge smile spread across he face . int . hank & audrey 's apt . / junior 's room - night hank walk down a dimly light hallway towards the weep of he son . he enter the baby 's tiny bedroom . gently lift he out of the crib he share with a giant teddy bear . no chance this stop the cry . hank hold he close and stroke he head . hank ( softly ) oh little one , come on now bocephus . daddy 's here ... it 's alright , it 's alright ... in the mute light , he baby against he shoulder , hank 's youth be suddenly so apparent . he 's just another 26 year - old father try to calm he little one and probably can not . ( continued ) 46 . continued : hank slowly lower himself to the floor , lean against the wall and start do what he be bear to do ... slow and oh so gently as a lullaby ... hank ( cont would ) I wander so aimless , life fill with sin I would not let my dear savior in then Jesus come like a stranger in the night praise the Lord I see the light ... but hank have to smile , because this have absolutely no effect on junior . then he look up ... as audrey have joined he in sing the next refrain . together they serenade they newborn . audrey , in she robe , stare down at they with true affection . she reach for the baby . hank carefully hand he to she . hank ( cont would ) well , he be sleepin’ pretty good there for a few day ... I guess they finally put the battery in . audrey manage a sleep deprive grin and pat junior 's back . he begin to calm . after a moment . hank ( cont would ) he sure like he mama . she just smile . he put he arm around both of they , then after a beat whisper . hank ( cont 'd ( cont would ) I be go to the opry , aud . audrey of course you be , honey . hank I mean now . audrey really ... somebody call ... who , Fred ? he nod . audrey ( cont would ) when ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) hank two day ago . this register with she . junior whimper . audrey rock he . a snapshot would say perfect family . audrey how would he have get past Jack stapp and that gang ? hank oscar and Fred both swore I have keep my nose clean , that I have be sober . audrey ever so gently lower the baby into the crib . audrey I ought to be there . I oughta be there , hank ... and I can not , can I ? this peanut 's too little . hank say nothing . audrey ( cont would ) it 's not right . hank yeah , honey , I be sorry . audrey suddenly , just happen that fast ? hank not fast enough for I . audrey fight tear . hank ( cont would ) look , audrey , baby this be what it 's all be about . now finally we get it . audrey you up in Nashville at the opry for the first time . hank it 's just one night aud , there 's go to be a 1000 more . she can not find the word to comfort he or herself . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 3 ) hank ( cont would ) hey it ’1ll be swell . it 's all gonna be good for we . audrey yeah , sure ... ( not much enthusiasm ) sure. congratulation . ext . ryman auditorium - evening in slow motion hank 's car pass the crowd in front of the ryman , home of the opry . line snake around the block . he pull into the lot behind the auditorium . i/e. ryman auditorium / parking lot / car - continuous sit a moment . reaches in he pocket take out a aspirin bottle . tap out six . downs with a coke from in between he knee . slowly get out . saturday , JUNE 11 , 1949 int . ryman auditorium / backstage - night crowd with performers . no one pay hank any attention . he look lose . Music drift in and out from the stage front . people greet each other warmly . good nature ribbing , laugh . overly friendly . if you do not know better you would think it be phony ... it 's not . the face of the performer be alive , vibrant . they may look like hillbilly in what they be wear , but they be savvy show business veteran . high angle on hank amidst the wasp hive of activity . his stetson just one of many . a man make he way to hank . it 's Fred . fred rose hank. hank ( relieved ) pappy . Quick handshake and a arm on he shoulder . then Fred look he over hard . ( continued ) 49 . continued : fred rose how you do ? hank pretty fair . in the b.g. and 0.c. , ernest tubb sing '' walkin 's the floor over you . '' Fred take one more beat and one more hard look into hank 's eye . Notes he nervousness . hank stare towards the stage . fred rose do not worry , they can kill you , but they can not eat you . hank ( half smile ) that 's strangely comforting . fred rose I be very proud of you hank , and I say that as a friend . hank well , I would not be here without you pappy ... and it 's everything I have ever want . for hank Williams that 's '' confession . '' not something he 's give to do . fred rose now as soon as ET wrap it up , there will be a couple of commercial then it 's you . foley 's boy be back . they be down the hall . Jim denny walk up to Fred & hank . jim denny Fred . fred Jim . hank , this be Jim denny , manager of the opry . hank yessir . ( beat ) thank you . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) jim denny sure . good luck . Fred lead hank through a narrow hallway with lot of small cramped dress room on either side . fred rose how 's little bocephus ? ... peculiar , but funny you call he that . hank he be not little . they come to a room where the band be hang out . hank stand in the doorway . hank and Jerry byrd share a hard look . hank nod at the boy . hank ( cont would ) Jerry . jerry byrd hank . Jerry graciously doff he hat , give hank the credit he deserve for make the opry . close on hank's face . suddenly everything go totally silent . seem like minute , probably 3 second . then the SOUND of the stage microphone burst through . red foley m.c. ( 0.s. ) tonight 's big -name guest be make he first appearance on Prince Albert Grand ole opry ... he 's a Montgomery , Alabama boy , be pickin’ a sing about 12 year , but it 's be about the last year he 's really come into he own ++. and we be proud to give a rouse welcome to the '' lovesick blue '' boy , hank Williams . crash into : int . ryman auditorium - night from the rear of the stage look out . hank frame from the back , silhouett against the pack former church . ( continued ) 51 . continued : Tennessee hot and humid . half the people be fan themselves with fan advertising a funeral parlour . work people , they family with they . mopping the sweat , strain to see . folk be ask each other ... '' who ? '' for a moment hank be motionless . the tension build . his lanky frame hunch over the mic . he slowly settles the guitar strap around he neck . he stretch out he leave arm , hold the guitar stiffly away from he body . then with force and magnetism he strike the first chord . on top of it come the beautiful twang of the steel guitar - cut straight to the heart of every soul there . hank '' , .. I gotta feel call the bluuuuuuues oh lawd , since my baby say goodbye lawd , do not know what I will dooooooc0oe all I do be just sit and sigh that last long day she say goodbye well lawd , I think I would cry she would do I , she would do you , she 's get that kind of lovin ' lawd , I love to hear she when she call I sweet daddy ... '' shout now . scream from the girl , even the woman . hank smile . genuine . too long in come . and then it 's over . he doff he hat to a audience that be clamoring for more . not sure what to do , hank look backstage . search the face of the opry regular , who all seem to be watch . he find smile , laughter , approval . on fred : who take this in as well . opry boss , jim denny and harry stone stand next to he . nod in respect . red foley , the announcer , step out , raise he hand to stop the applause . do not work . and so the pedal steel twang once more and lead into a encore . dissolve to : 52 . ext . ryman auditorium / alley / potentially back stage - night alone for a moment , hank smoke a cigarette in the alley . he look towards fourth Avenue . a sexy young girl , frame against headlight , walk towards he . girl hey . hank hey . girl I like you song . hank yeah . girl you do for the night ? hank you trouble ? girl depend ... besides you be marry . hank yeah . girl happily ? hank be there such a thing ? girl I do not know , I be too young for that stuff . hank I too . he drop the cig . rub it out . stare at she , he eye intense above a crooked smile . news reel footage - music ? jazz ? edith piaf ? news of the world b&w footage image match the narration ( continued ) 53 . continued : commentator +.. and the destruction toll from the August 5th , ecuador earthquake just keep rise . at last count over 6000 people have perish and 50 town and village have be destroy ... .+. the newest in photograph technology , the Polaroid instant camera go on sale for the hefty price $ 89.95 ... gasoline hit 17 cent a gallon ... image of hank and group surround by troops -- there wive and husband be with they —- audrey and hank be very cozy . .-.. and finally a troupe of Grand ole opry star tour several US Air Bases in Germany this month . the extremely popular country style music be just what the homesick troops order ... there 's Roy acuff , minnie Pearl and hank Williams , the '' lovesick blue boy , '' a young man really on the rise ... they say ‘he 's sing what people 's be think ... here 's hank arrive at he new Nashville home with he wife audrey ... image flicker out int . hank and audrey 's house / live room - night '' it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas '' play . loud . so be the laughter and the conversation . a soup ladle slop through a punch bowl with gardenias float in it . a woman' hand grab a cocktail wiener off a messy tray . two kid , one of they lycrecia , be a blur as they thread they way through the 50 people fill the house . a full - on Christmas party . a tree with color light blink and a few straggler gift . other than Fred Rose and a few other , almost everyone else be in they twenties / early thirty . a series of vignettes play : hank talk to Fred . ( continued ) 54 . continued : hank Nashville , pappy . ( Big smile ) Nashville . fred yep , hank , Nashville ... Nashville . audrey talk to don. don I take my wife to see the heiress . audrey oh , I see it be at the bellmead . do you like it ? '' don she love it ... I think it be too long . Don pick up a guitar and start to play . audrey pass hank and she spin he around like they be go to start dance . Fred and hank talk . fred I hope it 's a great year for you and audrey . hank thanks , pappy . hank pat Fred on the back . audrey put a coaster under a drink . audrey talk to Fred . audrey what do you want for Christmas , Fred ? fred nothing , darling . well , maybe a few more hit song . audrey well , I 'il write you one then . wisp of cigarette smoke . full ashtray . a couple make out in a corner . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) kitty well talk to Fred who look over , spot hank , he arm around a young girl . she bring she drink to hank 's lip . he take a long sip . then see Fred look at he . wink . a handsome guy , 20' , take a drink from audrey 's hand and replace it with a fresh one . he hold on to she hand a little too long . ext . hank and audrey' house ( franklin rd . ) / driveway - night Frame be fill with a garage door , though at first , it 's hard to make out exactly what it be . suddenly the door start to rise . a light come on from inside , illuminate a cadillac convertible . halfway up the door reverse and start to go down ... then up again . find hank stand outside , play with a obviously new garage door opener which sit on a wooden post . he drain a highball glass , laugh , shake he head . like the rest of the party , he 's not too sober . sound of the party spill out . a picture window frame the festivity . audrey appear on the walk by the edge of house . audrey what the hell you do out there ? hank I love this thing , love it ... come on out here baby . audrey you be crazy , it 's too cold . come back inside . he press the opener again . hank yeah sure . bring I a drink willya . audrey c’mon , you do not need one ... get inside before you get sick . hank this be inspirational ... ( as he press the button , he sing ) '' I have my up ... have my downs ... " ( continued ) continued : 56 . audrey seriously . I be glad you be inspire , now for god 's sake come in . hank hey , you like you necklace ? audrey I love it , honey . hank come here and do it once , just once . audrey no way , I be freezin’ . hank aw , forget it then . audrey now you be mad . hank naw , I be not mad . audrey good , ' cause I be go inside and you can just keep on play with you own little button . she start walk away . hank yeah good , ' cause I love my button . audrey ( as she move farther away ) awright , you just keep loving it . hank I will . audrey you do that . 57 . int . frank WALKER 's office ( new york CITY ) - day a impressive office . wall adorn with framed record . stand at a window , look out at the snow fall on a busy Manhattan street , 20 floor below , be frank WALKER , 40' . he be listen to ... a record that 's play , but the song be spoken , as a ' poem . 's hank record this recitation as luke the drifter hank ( speak with minimum accompaniment ) '' you will meet a man just like I along life 's busy street with shoulder stoop and head bow low and eye that stare in defeat ... for soul that live within the past , where sorrow play all the part , for a livin 's death be all that 's leave for man with break heart '' frank , like Fred Rose , be be interview by the reporter we never see on camera . come in mid sentence ... frank WALKER we do not , and neither do Fred , want to put this recitation out under hank 's name . not really jukebox material . so we compromise and he release several song under the pseudonym of '' luke the drifter . '' reporter ( 0.c. ) how do they do ? frank WALKER they do not sell well , but they seem to offer hank emotional relief . Fred say , '' they be almost apology . '' reporter ( 0.c ) could you tell we who you be . frank WALKER Frank Walker . I run mgm record and I sign hank Williams to a contract two year ago in 1947 . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : frank WALKER ( cont would ) hank 's first record for we be '' move it on over . '' we second session he record '' I saw the Light . '' reporter ++. and this sell quite well ... frank WALKER .-.. yes , hank have make a lot of money sell record and write song ... several year now , of more than $ 100,000 dollar . reporter ( 0.c . ) ... and audrey Williams , do you work with she ? frank WALKER no , we do not work with audrey . but how do I say this , we be happy to have decca release they . fading up ... luke the drifter '' you have no right to judge , to criticize and condemn . just think , but for the grace of God it would be you instead of he . '' int . hank and audrey 's house / live room - morning ( possibly put lycrecia in here ) audrey sit on the sofa , drink a cup of coffee and read billboard . she read it carefully and every few beat circle something with a red pen . junior try to grab the paper and she gently pull it away . audrey miss ragland ... miss ragland ... miss ragland , portly 30' , enter wear a dress gown . audrey ( cont would ) take the child , please . audrey set the paper and cross to the telephone . she pick up a note-pad , check a number and dial . man' voice ( 0.s. ) sheridan Hotel . ( continued ) 59 . continued : audrey room 237 again . man' voice ( 0.s. ) yes , of course , I will try once more . int . HOTEL room - morning the bed . a mess . a suitcase , some clothes out . a tray of uneaten egg . a woman 's purse next to they . several beer bottle , a half empty whiskey quart . the sound of the shower run . phone ring . a woman be hand pick up the purse . she cross ... only a blur of she dress can be see . ring , ring . int . HOTEL bathroom shower still on . steamy . behind the curtain , we hear hank sing he ass off as he 's work out a song ... and he 's go very bluesy with it . camera close on the tear drop of water . hank ( 0.s . ) '' I go down to the river to catch I a big ‘ol fish , go down to the river to swig I some dirty ass water , I go down to the river to watch the fish swim by , then I jump in the goddamn water to take a goddarn bath ... now she 's a long go and now I be lonesome blue ... '' int . hank and audrey 's house / bedroom - morning audrey listen to the ringing ... go from disappointment , to pain and then ... Operator come back on the line . man' voice I be sorry mar ’am , there 's still no answer . would you care to leave a message ? audrey yes . tell he , '' I need to talk to you , you son of a bitch . '' you get that ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : man' voice ( stutter ) uhh ... yes mar ’am . audrey good and tell he '' he can kiss my ass . '' man' voice certainly . ext . music festival - day a blazing hot SUN sear across the screen through wave of heat ... music festival - deleon , TEXAS 1950 - 10:45 a.m. int . farmhouse / parlour - day through a window , a portion of a large crowd be visible . sweating family face , watermelon juice drip off double chin . kid run about . w.b. nowlin ( on the phone ) oscar , what the hell be go on here ? pull back and pan past the farmer and he wife , who own the place and rock gently on a porch swing . implacable ... as they listen to a swear promotor , w.b. nowlin , seersucker suit , sweat soak , talk on the farm phone . intercut with oscar davis in a nashville office . oscar davis you know how he can be . w.b. nowlin no , you tell I how he can be . oscar davis look , I can not say where he be . ( continued ) 61 . continued : w.b. nowlin can not or will not . oscar davis can not w.b. w.b. nowlin why the hell not ? oscar davis ' Cause I be not he manager anymore . Son of a bitch fire I . cold as night . Said I ride he about he drink worse than he momma . w.b. nowlin well , I be not just the promoter here . I be the damn Mayor and he do not show ... oscar davis --- sorry w.b. w.b. nowlin you should have call I and tell I you be out . this people they do not give a shit about you job they give a shit about where hank Williams be ? hank fuckin’ Williams . oscar davis like I say w.b. I be sorry . ext . william 's house ( franklin rd . ) - day contrast the expansive Texas field be a dark , rain fill sky . ( still considering rain as music festival may not be hot day ) a elderly man in a black raincoat and hat approach the front door . he 's accompany by a woman under a umbrella . the man hold a doctor 's bag . he knock . after a beat , miss ragland answer . they enter . int . hank and audrey 's house / bedroom - continuous audrey o.s. that the doctor ... or whatever he be that do this kind of thing ? ( continued ) 62 . continued : the Doctor and woman follow miss ragland down the hall to the bedroom . she slowly open the door , reveal audrey in bed . nervous . whiskey on a bedside table . the Doctor hesitates . but in true fashion , she stare straight at he . audrey well , come on in , let 's get this over with . ext . music festival / backstage - day 1:45 pm behind a makeshift stage . crowd visible through scaffold . hank 's Packard limo drive into area at rear of stage . it 's trail by a Police sedan . Packard stop , sit there sizzling in the heat . the police car pull alongside it . w.b. nolin get out of the cop car , then the chief of police . nothing stir from the Packard . they walk over to passenger side . Jerry roll down the window . jerry river Mr. nowlin ? w.b. nowlin this be not gonna do fella ... jerry river I be sorry sir , he 's just come down with something and be too damn sick to perform up to we usual standard . some fan start to run around the stage and crowd the car . nolin look in past Jerry to see hank in the back seat . hank stare blankly back . Police Chief peer in as well . w.b. nowlin I do not know what 's goin 's on with you Williams , but you be go up on that stage and give this folk , who be waitin’ hour for you ass «+. a fine piece of yourself . you understand ? hank have no reaction . 63 . int . hank and audrey 's house ( franklin rd . ) / hallway - day darkness , cut by a single hall light . eerily quiet except for the plaintive sound of audrey weeping . ext . music festival / stage - day rear of stage , nowlin walk up step . disappear out front . two other man follow , then hank ; glaze and deliberate . at the top of the step he share a look with Don . w.b. nowlin ( 0.c. ) ( through a buzzing mic ) lady and gentleman I have a announcement . Mr. hank Williams be here ... and ready to give you the show you be hopin’ for ... loud cheer , drow he out . he turn , stare back , wait for hank . w.b. nowlin ( cont would ) hank Williams folk ... hank move slowly towards the microphone . behind he the band pick up they instrument and begin to move into a open number ... hank Pov try to focus ... crowd face , angry , confuse , some smile , laugh , sweat , smoking ... his blurred gaze drop to the floor . he lean on the mic . the crowd start clap . he look back at Don , who be not sure what to play , then turn back to the crowd . hank you know friend I wonder how many home be break tonight , just how many tear be shed by some word of anger that never should have be say . ... ( struggle ) hmmm ... folk ... hey ... do any of you out there know my very good friend luke the drifter ... well , luke write this word ... audience be now both captivate and confuse . ( continued ) 64 . continued : hank ( cont would ) I would like to tell you a story of a family I once know . we will call ‘em Mary and William and they little girl Sue . now Mary be just a plain mother and Bill , well he be just a usual dad , and they have they family quarrel like everybody else . but neither one really get mad then one day summin happen , it be nothing of course , but one word lead to another and the last word lead to divorce ... the band just stare along with everyone else . and hank just drop he head , stop he drugge preaching and stand there , totally alone . dissolve to : int . packard - night Don drive as hank rest he head against the seat back , he body half curl . in he lap be a dozen white rose . hank be stare at the rose and realize something . hank you know there be 13 in here ? hank take out one rise and set it on the dashboard . hank ( cont would ) thanks for doin 's all the drivin’ . don sure . ( beat ) want I to wait around ? hank Nah . don hope she 's okay . hank yep ... but I get a bad feel , shag . don like I say , hope she 's fine ... ( beat ) hank ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : hank yeah . don I be thinkin’ ... hank uh oh. don maybe I have not be much of a real friend ... maybe be too reluctant to speak up about some thing , hard thing . hank you be fine . whatya goin 's do ? after a moment . hank ( cont would ) you know my uncle tell I that grant be drunk every afternoon by 3:00 ... but he still take vicksburg . don yeah , I guess he do ... ( beat ) i’1l see you then . hank see ya . hank climb slowly out and walk towards the entrance . int . nashville general hospital / room - evening audrey sleep . a half - eat tray of food next to she . no flower , no card . hank sit in the shadow stare at she through lidd eye . she wake up . hank hey . audrey how long you be here ? hank a little bit . ( continued ) 66 . continued : audrey take you long enough . hank just get off the road , come straight here ... how be you ? she do not answer , look away . audrey how have you do ? hank make out okay ... how 's my boy ? audrey he 's okay ... how much ? hank where 's he at ? audrey the house , where you think ? hank billboard say we do 11000 pay last week ... audrey Heard you and luke have some trouble in Texas . hank ( try to smile ) yeah ... ( long beat ) what be it , baby ? you gonna be okay ? audrey Hell , you come home whenever you please from wherever you be and then we sleep together ... you do not have a damn clue . he try to make sense of this . he 's swim . audrey ( cont would ) you do this to I , hank Williams . you be the bastard cause I to suffer like this . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) hank what be you say ... audrey you be barely here . you be barely even a father now and you can not handle be more of one . hank my god ... what do you do ? you can not , you can not do that without I . audrey it 's do . we get nothing . you and I get nothin’ . hank squeeze he eye shut , so hard , so pain , hope when he open they he 's not even here . the flower lay across he lap . int . fred rose 's office - day another time , same interview style - a record be carefully place on a turntable . the needle drop on '' cold cold heart . " for 15 second . just the simple glory and crippling heartache only hank could render . hank '' another love before my time make you heart sad and blue and so my heart be pay now for thing I do not do ... '' from the spin record to Fred 's face . '' in anger unkind word be say that make the tear drop start how can I free you doubtful mind and melt you cold cold heart . '' fred rose what a truly powerful song ... if I be a betting man , which I be not , I would say three time a week we get a request to record it . tony bennett for one , do a heckuva rendition «+. you probably know that . ( continued ) continued : jump CUT : 68 . reporter do hank enjoy other performer do he song ? fred rose he love it . if he come across a jukebox with a tony bennett version , he have play it over and over . reporter well , to say the least , it 's a very sad and painful song . where do you think that come from ? fred rose .+. be a artist , do the write , the compose , the real work , that itself can be pretty painful ... but I can not really say .-.. family 's have pain , man and woman cause each other pain , there 's physical pain ... but turn it into a poem like that , I do not know . reporter you think he enjoy he success ? fred rose I do not believe it matter much to he . he want the opry and he get it . but beyond that whether a song be number one or fifty ... he care a lot more about just do what he want to do . reporter and the money ? the Wall Street Journal have he earning at 150 thousand last year . fred rose people like money . some a lot more than other . some it 's a way to keep score . he be fine just not have to think about it . he do not do what he do for money . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) fred rose ( cont would ) the thing with hank , he could not stop write , he could not stop work . whatever he have inside he he just have to get it out ... and of a body that be as frail as a baby 's . fade to black . fade up on : ext . montgomery cow coliseum - day a marquee : JULY 19 hank william homecoming montgomery , alabama a excited crowd stream in . int . coliseum stage wing . lillie and audrey and in between they , lycrecia . junior waddle over to he grandmother . she pick he up . audrey do not care for this , but put up with it . she then turn around look for hank . this prompt lillie to do the same . man in a suit , obviously the promoter , walk to audrey . promoter we be alright , be not we ? audrey give he a strain smile . hank snow ( o.c . ) thank you lady and gentleman . and that about wrap it up for today . crowd can be hear shouting '' no '' ... '' hank , hank ! '' hank snow ( 0.c. ) ( cont would ) oh right , there be a little more in store , be not there . I almost forget about the man y’all have come here to say hello to and rightfully honor ... 70 . int . montgomery cow coliseum / below the stage - day hank palm a cigarette . his father . lon william , 58 , look 70 , he face with a slight paralysis , be also there . a long silence . lon how many folk out there , son ? hank around 9000 they say . lon nod in amazement . they sadly search for something , anything , to say . filter in from above . hank snow ( 0.c . ) he 's my very very good friend , a young man with talent to burn . huge roar from crowd . hank take a long drag . hank snow ( 0.c. ) ( cont would ) maybe the finest songwriter I have ever have the pleasure to know . ext . montgomery cow coliseum - day back up on stage everyone there , all the family and friend , now wait anxiously . hank snow two number one hit on the chart right now , in fact . let 's welcome at he Montgomery homecome day «+. a great and loyal son of Alabama , hank Williams . int . montgomery cow coliseum / below the stage - day lon I be real proud of you hank . hank thanks daddy , I appreciate it . a beat . lon look at hank as the crowd sound continue to build . it 's obvious he want to reach out to he son . hank cut a look up at the noise . ( continued ) 71 . continued : lon it 's awful good to see you . we probably should have do it more . hank yeah , do not you worry about it , we get plenty of time ... lon I be sorry son , I swear I be . he 's get a little thick in the throat . this be hard . hank c’mon now ... be not we all ( then ) I better get up there ... ( smile ) +. ' fore they figure I be too drunk to show . lon you probably get that right . hank drop he smoke , crush it . lon ( cont would ) you look after yourself , okay ? you look a little tired . hank ( tight smile ) Nah , I be tip top . lon sure you be ... ( then ) hiram , thanks for allow I to be here . lon hold he hand out and hank shake it gently . crowd clapping louder , intense . hank walk up the stair follow at a distance by lon . ext . montgomery cow coliseum - day camera float above the audience , pushing in on the stage . audrey come over , make a show of kissing hank . lillie follow with a embrace . hank move to stage front . ( continued ) 72 . continued : hank well , hello Montgomery . it sure be good to be back here and thank you all so much , thank you . and I much appreciate the warm welcome you have give my family , my mother lillie , my wife audrey , my big boy bocephus . applause with each of the intros . junior now just run to lon , who scoops he up . audrey quickly and with authority take he away . lon let go easily . hank ( cont would ) here 's a little song be awful good to I and the family and the fellow behind I , the driftin’ Cowboys ... it 's earn we quite a few bean and biscuit . it 's call '' good lookin 's you get anything cookin’ , how 's about cookin 's something '' up with I hank stare at a crowd which be lose in he . then turn to that behind he ; the face that rely on he most . audrey ... junior . hold the gaze as he son smile so sweetly . then turn back to a throng , whose love for he be as unadulterate . it be a moment of true pleasure and peace . ext . CBS build ( new york CITY ) - day hank and Don see from across 52nd Street in Manhattan . amidst a crowd of midday New yorker , hank , as always , stand out . the CBS build . a Black doorman stand at the door chat with a young woman . guard where you two fella go ? don perry como show . Guard give they a once over and nod ‘em in . int . king edward HOTEL / bar - night Old school bar . hank lean over a cocktail table , writing on a piece of hotel stationary . Don and lum be sit . ( continued ) 73 . continued : two women walk past trail by a bell hop with they luggage . lum even lady . first woman stop and smile , a half nod . slightly curious . second woman give scant attention and keep move . don would you care for a cheese ball ? they just plain bring they to we . this get a laugh . bar woman ( touch of sarcasm ) no thanks ... so be you cowboy lose ? hank look up . she take notice . lum no mar 'o be ... we be on the perry como show . she and hank lock in . a bit intimidate , she break the gaze . bar woman oh ... well , good luck . she half smile , then move off toward she girl friend . one look back . lum stare after they . Don start giggle , can not quite stop . hank what you laughin’ about ? lum man , you sure could not get that damn jingle right , could you ? do not you know there be 20 smoke in a pack of chesterfield ? now hank laugh hard . the guy start laugh harder . when hank 's like this it 's very contagious . hank oh I know exactly ... but you know somethin’ else ? ol 's hank do not come all the way to New York from south Alabama to sing a damn cigarette commercial . ( continued ) 74 , continued : ( 2 ) the waitress show up . a tough New Yorker . waitress you gentleman want another round or have you hit you limit on soda water ? don I be good honey . lum I too . hank hey , have a damn drink . baby - sittin’ hour be about up . Don and lum share a look . a man approach the table , 30' , tweed jacket . he address Don . man Mr. Williams , James dolan from the tribune , really sorry I be late . Don smile , slowly point to hank . jame dolan oh ... sorry . ( embarrassed ) so , uh , Mr. Williams , James dolan . hank hey . jame dolan mind if I sit down ? as he take a chair , the other guy get up . don you do not need we . we will catch up to you . dolan take out a notebook , eye hank 's notebook . jame dolan a song I presume ? hank part of one . jame dolan well , so how do you like New York ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 3 ) hank it 's alright . jame dolan ( write throughout ) you be do the perry como show , which be quite a big deal . what kind of a guy be he ? hank pretty regular , I would say . jame dolan do you find people up here appreciate you kind of music ? hank I guess , do you ? jame dolan I can not say it 's my favorite type but ... it 's interesting . hank why have they send you to talk to I then ? must have pick the short straw ? jame dolan no , of course not . it 's very popular . hank uh huh . jame dolan why do you think that be ? hank why do you think that be ? jame dolan I suppose it speak to they . hank suppose you might be right . nolan make more note . hank feel no need to fill the silence . but he do signal the waitress . she come over . hank ( cont would ) I would like a long bourbon in a short glass . from you well will do . ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 4 ) she leave . jame dolan you do not like do this much do you ? hank come with the job , but I do not like people pretend one thing and have something else on they mind . you do what I do , get where I be , you see plenty of that . people think they 'il make a nice pie with a slice of I . jame dolan well , I be only look to give people some insight into you ... why you write what you write and sing what you sing . hank I write and sing because that 's what I do . not much choice , really . jame dolan as a artist . hank you word . drink arrive , hank take a swig . look past dolan to see sammy and Don watch he . jame dolan but you be offer you fan something . what would you say that be ? hank Mr. dolan everybody have a little darkness in they . they may not like it , do not want to know about it , but it 's there . I show it to they . they touch it ... but they do not have to take it home with they . jame dolan do you think that 's what they expect from you ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 5 ) hank they expect I can help they trouble . I know because they write I and tell I about they . if they husband die and they be leave with eight starve kid . they write . if they sweetheart do they wrong . they write . I dunno know , but I reckon they think I be some sort of red cross . nolan laugh , hank half - smile , take another swig . hank ( cont would ) folk music , hillbilly , it 's sincere . nothing phony . man sing a sad song , he know the ' sad . 's jame dolan right ... ( write this down , then ) let I see how to put this ... there 's well , a lot of speculation about the hard life that western or folk singer live . hank what do you mean , hard ? jame dolan well , more like the woman , whiskey hank if you be get at something , then get at it . dolan 's gaze go to the whiskey in hank 's hand . with hank stare straight through he , dolan think about it . jame dolan there be a lot of rumor , Mr. Williams , that you have struggle with alcohol . hank do not know you be in the rumor business . jame dolan I do not mean to offend you ... ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 6 ) hank -+. but since you obviously be , why do not you just say they be all true , every one of they , make it easy . jame dolan that 's not what I do , Mr. Williams . hank Mr. dolan , you can do whatever you wanna do , but I be do do this . hank give he a hard smile , stand and still holding he glass walk slowly past dolan , out of the bar and into the street . behind he Don and sammy stand . out of focus they approach dolan . ext . 47th STREET - night hank walk - now a reflection against wet taxi window and shiny hood . he drain the glass , then set it precariously on a taxi roof . a horn blast . a driver shout . it echoe . hank stare towards the mid town light . fade out . ext . tennessee wood —- dawn sound of dog barking . cold ground fog rise from the damp leafy forest floor . into frame two dog . Black lab . excite , on a scent . they reach the edge of wood , move into a harvest cornfield . flat , barren . the SUN crest a distant hill . it bathes the scene in a morning glow . a voice call out . jerry river ( 0.s. ) yes Zeke , whoa Zeke ... yes boy , yes boy . one of the dog stop , sit . hank ( 0.s. ) he 's gottem , he 's on one . hank and Jerry emerge from the wood carry shotguns . tread softly , quietly . wait . the sudden thudding clap of a flushed quail . Jerry fire , and again . miss . ( continued ) 79 . continued : jerry river dammit . damn . hank start laugh . but suddenly the other dog bolt . he 's after something . jerry river ( cont would ) whoa whoa ... that 's a coon he 's on , or something . hank ( yell ) clete , clete ... no! no ! Jerry run hard after he . camera fight it 's way through the tree , pick up Jerry and dog . then swing back to find hank chase . Jerry jump a small ravine and keep on go , disappear out of sight . suddenly the wood be strangely still , save the bay of the hound . after a beat , Jerry come run back ... jerry river hank , hank ... hey , hank ! Jerry approach the ravine , cautiously slow down and then he see hank laying still on the ground . Jerry , almost afraid to ask . half joke . jerry river ( cont would ) hey man , whatya doin’ down there ? there 's a long beat before hank answer . hank I be not dead . but I would not mind it . jerry river goddamn hank ... here . he offer he hand . hank wave it off . he 's ashen . hank give I second , burr . hank try to take a deep breathe . he 's struggle for air . the pain be excruciate . hank ( cont would ) try to jump it , take a nasty one ++. my back be fuck . really fuck . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) Jerry stare down at he . the dog continue bark , hank close he eye . int . hospital / room - evening a greenish tint to the room . rain pelt a window . hank be in bed , cigarette in he hand . a doctor take the cigarette from he hand and put it out in the ashtray . doctor you back be not break Mr. Williams . hank ( slurring he word ) I could not feel it , if it be . doctor yes , you have quite a bit of morphine in you system . the Doctor continue to observe he . hank have to get the recipe from you . doctor how much do you know about you condition ? hank I know my back have be shot my whole life . have that bump . doc early on do not want to do much about it . doctor there 's a name for that . spina bifida occulta . it mean you vertebrae be not completely close . people with the mildest form of this type of spina bifida often do not even know they have it . hank well , now I know it 's get a name . ( continued ) continued : 81 . doctor it 's chronic , it will never go away , but , we can operate and try and alleviate the pain as much as possible . hank cure I or kill I Doc , but I can not go on like I be do anymore . int . hospital - hank 's room - day a telephone have be wheeled on a cart into hank 's room . he 's sit in to audrey : cigarette , a chair . hank ( 0.s. ) I want you to come get I . I want out of here now . I need to spend what 's leave of the holiday with my family . on a garish Oriental sofa in the screen porch . a drink , and a friend sit across the room . audrey darlin 's you know the doctor say you be not ready . I will bring the kid to you . hank ( 0.s. ) no need for junior to see I ina hospital . it ’1ll likely scare he . audrey you stay there a few more day , get well and we will bring you home right before New year . hank ( 0.s. ) ( louder ) Nah , nah . I want to be with you and the kid now . this be the time when child need to know all 's good in the world . audrey ' course they do ... but who 's gonna take care of you here ? hank ( beat ) my damn wife . ( continued ) 82 . continued : it take just a second and it 's heat . audrey well , you damn wife be not a nurse . be I ? do not be so damn stubborn , hank . now I gotta go , kid be call for I . she hang up . he look around to see a nurse enter . int . hank and audrey 's house / bedroom - night late . hank in bed , awake , a notebook in he lap . next to he on a night table be several pill vial and a glass of water . int . live room - night Front door open . audrey slowly and quietly enter . she 's tipsy . she look down the hall , see a sliver of light from the bedroom . move towards it and peek in , hope to find hank asleep . audrey ( softly ) hey . int . bedroom - night she enter . stop . audrey how you doin 's ? hank I suppose you be out with you friend . audrey yeah . hank at a joint ? audrey at a house . ( continued ) 83 . continued : hank drink ... exactly how sick would I have to be for you to stick around and provide a little comfort ? audrey a little comfort be something run two way . hank not in you case . audrey screw you , hank . hank come over here and you can . she walk past the bed , into the bathroom . audrey ( 0.s. ) I doubt it . hank professional like you , I be sure it would be no problem . she come out of bathroom and face he from doorway . audrey you son of a bitch , all you do be go out on the road , sleep with a different woman every night . then finally get home for a day and night ... and then you criticize I . hank you want it all do not you baby ? Whore around and still be Mrs. hank Williams . audrey you know what , you can keep you great Mrs. hank Williams , I give it back to you . a noise in the hall draw they attention . junior stare , sleepy - eye at they from the doorway . hank 's ferocity fall away . audrey , a quick turn back to he , then swoops up she son and disappear towards he room . 84 . ext . hank and audrey 's - day two man climb out of a blue sedan . jim denny , opry manager , 30 's and harold , 40' . hank ( 0.s. ) okay , sure , I know I can not make d.c or Baltimore , Jim . but why can not we just tell ‘em the truth and live with it ? harold go around to the trunk , open it and begin take out audio recording equipment . jim denny ( 0.s. ) I be sorry hank , but I think we get to do it this way . int . hank and audrey 's house / bedroom - day hank sit up in bed as harold arrange a microphone in front of he , then set up the tape recorder at the vanity . Jim , no nonsense and hat this , stand at the foot of the bed . hank be angry . he knock the mic to the floor . hank you do not hear I , I do not wanna do it . and I sure as hell do not want audrey stand in for I or anybody else at the show . Jim try to remain calm . pick up the mic , hand it to harold . jim denny I do not see a way around it . hank simple ... I could not make it because I be laid up . I will get the boy as soon as I can and go there on my own money ... make it right . jim denny connie Gay be put this show on . he and I go back forever . now , there 's nobody else available . I get the opry spread all over on New Year 's Eve ... Toledo , Baltimore , Raleigh . ( continued ) 85 . continued : hank reach over , take a vial and pour out several pill . wash they down . Jim watch , cast a glance at harold . hank say one every three hour . I figure three every hour ought be that much better ... ( beat , intensely ) ... it 's ' cause I need it , Jim , and that 's why with this back I should not be there . people need to know that . harold wish he be invisible , but he wind the tape . jim denny harold you good to go ? harold yes sir . jim denny look , you do not show , everyone there will think it 's the whiskey talk and connie Gay will be stick bad . now whether you like it or not I represent the opry and as fond of you as I be , if you want to stay part of this you get to do it . hank sound like a threat . jim denny it 's a fact , hank . you need to record this , we will play it that night . hank take he time . hank you have always be a son of bitch , jd . jim denny May be , but it 's ' cause I have to be . but I always be solid by you . he hand hank a type piece of paper . hank glance at it , turn it over to the blank side . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 2 ) hank give I a pen . I think I can write my own damn apology . he start scribbling . int . armory ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - night a huge New Year 's Eve crowd . listen intently . the stage empty . but over the PA system , hank 's voice . hank ( v.o. ) '' , .. I have really be lookin’ forward to visit you folk in Washington today but a couple week ago I have to have a operation on my back . it have get to where I could not even walk . Truth be , it be just deform or break when I be a child and it just wear out . stage wing . audrey whisper to a unknown musician . but as hank 's word echo through the auditorium , she can not help herself , so she turn and stare across the crowd 's face . her own a portrait of love and loss . she close she eye . hank ( v.o . ) .-- fact be I be on that operate table for over three hour ... I have be in bed a couple week and well , I sure be sorry I could not be there tonight ... int . hank and audrey 's house / bedroom - night Dark . only when hank take a long draw off he cigarette can he eye be see and they be wet . hank ( v.o. ) .».. and thanks for buy my record . '' ext . hank and audrey 's house ( franklin rd . ) - day damp , cold , grey afternoon . audrey and two woman , late 20' , walk to the house . they enter . 87. int . hank and audrey 's house ( franklin rd . ) / live room - continuous audrey call out . audrey hank ... hank ... miss ragland ! audrey 's friend do not appear anyone 's here to greet mommy . they laugh . they have have a cocktail or two . audrey head towards the bedroom . audrey hank . suddenly the loud report of a pistol . the woman jump , terrify , not sure what to do . they listen for another second . then audrey gather she courage and walk towards the back of the house where the gun shot come from . she peer around the door to the back porch . ext . hank and audrey 's house / porch - continuous the porch be now glass in . furnish with bamboo , tiki style . hank sit in a chair rock back on its hind leg . his back to she . the door to the yard be open . the chair be in that doorway . hank spin a 38 caliber pistol cowboy style . the tree be bare . the other woman creep up behind audrey . hank carefully point the gun at a tin can and several bottle and fire . hit the bottle which explode in slow motion . he turn and stare at the three woman . hank so how be we nation 's capitol ? audrey what be you do ? hank killing bottle wait for my loving wife to come home . audrey well I be home now . ( continued ) 88 . continued : hank hi lady . other women hi hank . audrey be you drunk ? hank be you ? audrey you think you can wait until we be alone before you start up ? you really have no couth . the woman start back out . hank well , I suppose you be right , dear . hank turn all the way around and fire a shot into the sofa right next to she . she jump back and scramble away . the other woman scream from another room . hank laugh and fire three more into the furniture . hank ( cont would ) now draw you god awful tiki wiki shit . a moment pass . audrey step back on to the porch . she walk slowly towards hank , who just stare , the pistol hang by he side . Close enough to embrace , but a thousand mile away from each other . she hold he gaze . audrey hank Williams ... i’1l never live another day with you ... never . she turn and walk away . he stare after she , watch until she 's long out of sight , then shoot the sofa in a act of desperate frustration . int . fred rose 's office - day the documentary style interview of Fred Rose continue . ( continued ) 89 . continued : fred rose yeah well , he move in with Ray price . Ray be a bit young and innocent in many way and really look up to hank as do many of the guy ... the house be a nice place in the natchez trace area of Nashville . one thing 's for sure , Ray be not ready for what hank be bring . int . natchez trace house - night past midnight . layer of smoke . House full of people . drink , play guitar , sing . ray price , 20' , true , warm face , be among they . conversation drift in and out . in the corner of the dine room , some people be look in a foot locker . it 's full of gun . hank walk up carry a beer . a man take out a pistol and hold it up , spin it . hank vice squad guy in El paso give I that one ... but be careful now buddy , lot of folk get kill with unload pistolas . hank go to a pretty young blonde , 28 , bobbi jett . she stare at he sweetly and reach for the beer he 's hold . instead , he take a long slow gulp , almost drain it . his eye never leave she . bobbi jett you be evil , you know it ... just then hank reach in he jacket pocket , take out a fresh cold one , offer it to she . just as she reach for it , he pull it back , laugh . she grab he arm , pries it loose and mock angry , strut off . dissolve to : later . Party have thin out . bobbi stand in doorway talk to a young guy . hank walk up behind the man , pull a face . she start laugh . hank put he arm around guy 's shoulder . hank that 's one sweet face she 's get , be not it , Jimmy ? ( continued ) continued : bobbi jett your be not half bad either . 90 . dissolve to : later . 3:00 be . guitar lean against wall . place be a mess . a few people leave . Ray dump bottle in a trash can . hank on the sofa read from a stack of legal paper . he 's many beer to the good . he wad up one of the papers , then another , throw they towards Ray 's trash can . they miss . hank ( read another paper ) '' , .. but by the spring of 1951 , he conduct be intolerable . he become abusive , cursing I and even strike I on numerous occasion . '' that 's a damn lie , Ray . ray price I be sure it be . hank why she have to go that far ? ray price well , hank that 's divorce in this country as far as I can tell . hank say I make 92 grand last year ... Hell , I do not make that ... '' the house at 55 grand ; the three cadillac '' ... you know what , I be a very successful man . bobbi enter from the kitchen . tipsy . hank ( cont would ) ( read ) '' in the past month defendant have be enjoy a life of wild extravagance ... '' come here bobbi . have a seat . I be rich and ... dangerous . int . hank and audrey 's house - live room - day audrey read from a stack of papers . junior can be see in the b.g. ( continued ) continued : 91 . audrey ( out loud , ostensibly to miss ragland ) say I have a affair with a highway patrolman while he be on he road . look at this ... '' I insisted on sing with he when I have neither a voice or musical ability ... '' well that 's it . and he think he 's gettin’ custody of my little boy . junior enter pull a wooden toy duck . ext . william farm - day the 507 acre hank and audrey buy two year ago . 56 mile south of Nashville . a chilly afternoon . from a great distance , hank can be see leading a side they . small horse that carry junior . bobbi walk along hank come on daddy , I wanna go faster . hank ( cont would ) sure son . hold on now ... hold on . junior come on daddy , C ’mon , let 's go , let 's go . bobbi jett I just can not believe this place be yours . hank for about another hour . be gonna build a house over by that pecan grove , but that be not happen now . move in close hank take junior off the horse , hand he the rein to hold . bobbi jett well , then you will get another one somewhere else . ( continued ) 92 . continued : hank ' somewhere else . 's Hell honey , I be there before . and it be not any better ... besides , gonna be one sumbitch of a year just to dig out bobbi jett that would not matter to I . hank look at she sweetly , but he smile say she do not get it . hank sometimes I wish I be back at wsfa make 12 dollar a week and know who my friend be ... if I really have any . bobbi jett do you wish you be still marry too ? hank no ... it have be better if it work out ... but no , not really . I mean lose a wife , I can handle that ... but I be not ever gonna lose this little fella . ext . van nuy airport ( san fernando valley , CA ) - day a plane land in the crystalline sun of southern California and taxi to a stop . possibly the searing strain of hank 's '' you win again . " or a Tommy Dorsey type instrumental . los angele - april 1952 ext . mgm studio - culver CITY , CA - day hank and Fred walk through the studio lot . hank ( clear he throat ) dry as hell out here , be not it ? ( then ) so what ’ya think ? ( continued ) 93 . continued : fred rose let 's just get a sense of the whole thing first ... but remember , we have keep they cool for nine month now . hank you know he ? fred rose by telephone only . he 's okay . hank Bet he 's never hear one song . fred rose maybe ... but they do not take notice unless they think you be a draw . hank well , I do not need they to tell I that . int . mgm studio / dore schary office - day large outer office . they have obviously be wait . fred rose Roy 's already make one and ET too . hank yeah , but they be not much good . Fred take in he attitude . fred rose this be not a test , hank . you get the job and it 's a $ 10,000 guarantee . hank which I do not need . secretary you gentleman may go in now . but then the door open revealing dore schary , mgm head of production . ( continued ) continued : hank sit , 94 . dore schary hank , Fred , welcome . sorry to keep you wait . fred rose how be you , dore ? dore schary Fine , Fred , if you call do fine spend you day begging movie star to do part that 's 1ll only make they more money , more famous and get they even better seat in the best restaurant . hank , how be you ? hank alright , Mr. schary . dore schary well , take you hat off , sit down and relax . do not remove he hat . dore schary ( cont would ) how be the flight in ? fred rose Fine . Little bumpy over wichita though . dore schary yeah , always be ... hank I be very sorry to hear about you and audrey have trouble . the business be tough on marriage . hank Marriage be tough on marriage . a moment as schary size up the situation . decide ... dore schary yep ... whatya 's say we just cut to the chase . I see you press release announce we deal , something like , '' top quality picture , first time anyone have be offer such a contract without a screen test ... yada yada . '' you fellow play it up nicely . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) fred rose I be generally pleased with the response . dore schary well , we be think of a part for hank in '' small town Girls '' with farley Granger and Jane Powell . Fred look at hank . fred rose my wife love Jane Powell . dore schary perfect ... so do America . and Fred as we discuss , no more than four week work and a salary of $ 4500 a week ... that 's quite a lot of money be not it ? hank not as much cash as I can make on the road , be it pappy ? dore schary I be sure between Fred and I , we can come to a arrangement , if we be all serious . hank say nothing , give away nothing . dore schary ( cont would ) can I get you something ? fred rose I be okay , but thank you . hank give a imperceptible , no . dore schary ( into phone for secretary ) coffee . one. ( then ) hank how tall be you ? hank about the same as my mother . dore schary ( laugh ) really ... ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 3 ) dore schary ( cont would ) be that with or without you hat because I do not think I have ever see you without it . hank I neither . dore schary would you mind , I have like to see , well , you general look , you hair ++. ( smile ) you do have some hair , right ? hank oh yeah , I get a whole drawer full of it . a strain laugh from schary , then a look from Fred that say he know where this be go . hank make no move to take off he hat . schary get steely . dore schary I be serious , hank . hank I too . it 's clearly a stand off as they each look from one to the other . int . ryman auditorium / backstage - night backstage at the opry . hank and lillie . Fred approach from the far end of the hall . the m.c. patter can be hear . hank you know , I read something today say I be a genius , lillie ... why you figure that make I fearful ? lillie maybe it 's the load , hank . hank yeah maybe . sound of crowd laugh . few more beat pass . hank ( cont would ) divorce be final today . she get custody of bocephus . ( continued ) continued : Fred note hank nod , 97 . lillie you have visitation , no doubt ? hank whatever that 's 1l mean ... I miss he so much . so damn much . lillie I know you do , I know , but you be better off without she son . she be never worth a half of you . the intensity of they conversation , hold back . lillie ( cont would ) I get a little boy I worry about , too . Fred step up . fred rose miss lillie . lillie Mr. Rose . she and Fred exchange look . hank ++. the movie thing ? fred rose Dead ... just like you want it , I believe . hank I do not have a opinion on it really . sound of the m.c. become prominent . red foley m.c. ( 0.s. ) ( introduce hank ) lady and gentleman . let I just give you the lowdown on this next fella 's latest run ... '' baby we be really in Love '' have be on the chart for six month . '' honky tonk blue '' be number two for three month . '' half as much '' follow that at number two . course leave no room for any body else hardly . 98 . int . ryman auditorium / stage - continuous camera follows behind hank as he thread he way to front of stage . he join Red foley . huge applause . red foley m.c . I hear you get a new song there hank . hank yep Red , I gotta brand new song be not never be aire . red foley m.c . ai not never be aire ? hank no , and it might need it . Red laugh . the crowd eat it up and the band kick it off . hank ( cont would ) '' today I pass you on the street and my heart fall at you foot I can not help it if I be still in love with you somebody else stand by you side and he look so satisfied I can not help it if I be still in love with you ... '' hank may be more and more raggedy , but it do not matter . on the last verse . hank scan the crowd . on the front row , a pretty girl , 20 's stare knowingly , then break into a sweet smile . he smile back . she love it . until hank turn towards a area where the opry guest sit . and there he see billie jean eshliman , a 19 year - old vision . ravish auburn hair , hypnotic green eye . a off the shoulder dress do nothing to hide she voluptuous body . hank actually can not look away . the girl in the front row ; she face betray confusion as she know she 's lose he attention . she gaze towards the other seat , but from where she stand , she can not see anything . hank finish the song and Red step in for a commercial break . 99 . int . ryman auditorium / guest booth - night billie chat . Cross conversation . hank come up . squat down next to she chair . she ignore he . he smile in a way we have see far too rarely . hank girl , who you here with ? billie turn , take she time . billie jean faron Young . she turn back to the woman next to she , resume they conversation . hank the boy guest up here from Shreveport ? without look at hank . billie jean yeah , that 's he ... and that 's he right over there behind you . hank turn to see faron young , handsome , maybe 22 , stare . hank smile . turn back to billie , then back to faron . faron force a smile back . hank signal he to come on over . reluctantly faron head that way . faron young hey billie ... hank . hank Son , you gonna marry this girl ? faron can not help but laugh . but he think about it for a second . faron young not likely , she 's far too good lookin’ for a wife . billie jean what do you say ? hank 's well , if you be not go to marry she ol 's hank just might . ( continued ) 100 . continued : billie jean oh really ? nervous laughter from the other in the booth . hank stand , put he hand on faron 's shoulder and lean in closer . hank I hope I be not cause you any pain . faron not sure how to handle all this with the biggest name on the opry . then with mild resignation ... faron young Nah ... do not worry about it . hank pat he shoulder turn back to billie Jean . hank you be like a angel . song to be determine for under this scene ext . mr. jone 's house / backyard - day beautiful late spring afternoon . billie 's daughter , jeri lynn , 2 , run joyously around a small suburban backyard . billie Jean watch . she get chase by she uncle , sonny jone , 25 , one of billie Jean 's two brother . mr. jone , 40 's , billie 's dad , wear a bossier CITY police uniform , drink a beer . two other lawn chair ; one occupy by billie 's mom , the other by hank . mr . jone pregnant at 16 , so jeri Lynn there . mrs . jone married and pregnant , mister Jones . mr. jone well , I be not sell she short , she be pretty tough ... but at 19 what the hell do you know ? I could barely tie my shoe then . hank smile , do not respond , be not compel to . mr. jone ( cont would ) my boy over there , alton and sonny , big fan of yours . ( continued ) 101 . continued : hank I will surely take all of they I can get . jeri Lynn run over and hop up on hank 's swinging leg . nestles against he boot . he lift she up . mrs . jone we love this little bug . hank I like child a lot . I get one of my own and my former wife have one , too . billie walk up . put she arm around hank . everyone smile . billie jean handsome , talented and love kid . how about that , daddy ? mr . jone I appreciate you come out here to see we , hank . hank yessir . billie lean in , kiss hank . genuine and loving . while he and billie kiss , he lift jeri Lynn on he leg . she squeal . ext . natchez trace house - day from a distance hank and billie Jean walk towards Ray 's house . hank well , I get Lafayette , Homer , opelousas , then Orange , brownwood and Austin . billie jean I be gonna forget Homer and opelousas baby , but I 'il meet you in Austin . they laugh . ( continued ) 102 . continued : hank honey , you can meet I anywhere anytime . but let 's make sure we make a damn night of it tonight . closer Front door be open . music drift out . hank pause , slowly take he arm from around she shoulder . he open the screen door . first see Ray , who give hima look . then turn to see bobbi jett on the sofa . he look back at billie , as she step inside . int . natchez house - continuous hank look from one woman to the other . billie drop the suitcase . billie jean ( address bobbi , nod towards Ray ) you with he ? bobbi jett nope ... you with he ? ( nod towards hank ) hank bobbi , what be you do here ? bobbi jett what do you think , hank ? billie jean that 's nice . bobbi jett thank you . billie 's face start to flush . she harden . her eye slice hole in hank 's suit . hank billie let I handle this . bobbi we gotta talk . billie jean talk ? ... just get she out of here . ( continued ) 103 . continued : bobbi jett I be sorry darling , who do you think you be ? billie jean I be the woman he be gonna marry . bobbi jett really ? lucky he . maybe you should have tell some of you other girl that , hank . billie jean well , you be right about that , honey . billie spin and bolt . hank go after she . ext . natchez trace house - continuous hank billie , billie , billie ! she keep walk . he run up to she . hank ( cont would ) baby there be not anyone else . I swear to god . she 's get it wrong about we ... they get it that way ... C ’mon just stop . billie do stop , square off . billie jean '' they ? '' '' they '' ... Boy you be a real piece of work , hank Williams . I may just be a bossier City kid , but I have enough sense to know you be trouble and you be gonna tear I up . hank be freeze , at a loss in the face of she vulnerability and strength . he simply drop he gaze ... as in the distance the figure of bobbi jett watch from the doorway . ext . CITY street / ryman auditorium parking lot - night hank 's car weave wildly on the street and then skid into the lot force a parking attendant / guard to get out of he way . it 's quick , but it 's clear he be out of control and lose . ( continued ) 104 . continued : int . natchez trace house - day pretty empty . pack box around . Jim denny stand at the screen door . he knock , no answer , slowly enter . jim denny hank ... hank . hank , look tired , walk into the room . hank hey Jim . jim denny hank . hank want sumpin ... cup of coffee ? jim denny no thanks ... where 's Ray ? hank move out . Jim nod , take he time . so do hank . jim denny I do not want to know where you be , or why you be not at the show ... hank ( interrupt ) I be sorry , j.d. jim denny I be sure . but sorry do not mean shit anymore . we be grow man here . as always , hank 's temper be a blink away . hank I see . should I be take note on this lesson ? jim denny opry be a brand and you be pissin 's on it hank . it mean something to a lot of people ... music , family ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : hank ( interrupt ) money . jim denny you wanna play the artist on I alright then , a artist like you , a man who can make folk happy and sad , make they cry , forget they trouble . you have a obligation . hank you know , you be workin’ I pretty hard jd ... 100 outta 119 day on the road . I do not really need any more obligation . jim denny nobody do , but that 's just the way life work ... look , I be not try to be disrespectful hank , or look to put you down . hank do not worry ... I give up give a shit about what people think a long time ago . jim denny Fine , then , here 's the deal . August 9th in you regular opry spot and then August 10th a opry sponsor show in knoxville . hank awright , ok . jim denny I be implore you hank , do not let I down . hank they 'il get they money 's worth . jim denny okay , but just do not let I down . ext . ryman auditorium - evening August 9 , 1952 ( continued ) 106 . continued : crowd face . happy , beautiful , old , young , map of America in the smooth cheek and wrinkle eye . excite , as they file through the front door . pinned to one side of each door be the night’s lineup . handwritten . Red foley , hank snow , minnie Pearl , hank Williams . int . ryman auditorium / backstage - night Jim denny . alone . stare down the bustling hallway . hope against better judgement . move in on he eye . hold there until we reverse pull back . we be now ... int . ryman / office - day Jim hang up the phone . stare at it . close he eye , squeeze they shut . when he open they , they be hold back tear . he look up to see Red foley stand in the doorway . jim denny jambalaya hit number one today , you know that ? red foley m.c . you alright ? Jim shake he head , look out the window . jim denny I have to do it , Red . I have to let hank go . ext . natchez trace house - day from a distance - hank sit on the front porch . move in slowly . a piece of newspaper blow across the lawn . leave fall in the same breeze . camera finally settles on he face . he look like he 's be shot . his eye be hood , empty , lose . after a long moment , he stand and walk back into the house . int . mr. jone 's house / hallway - day phone ring , ring . ( continued ) 107 . continued : sonny ( billie jean 's brother ) hello . intercut with hank stand in the empty house . hank it 's hank . sonny hey hank . it 's sonny . sonny look at billie Jean walk past he , listen . shake she head , '' no . '' hank you sister around ? sonny ( bad liar ) Nah . I do not know where she be . hank ( not buy it ) well , when you see she . tell she I call and ... uh ... well , I call . and sonny , help I out will you . hank hang up . pace . thinks about it . go back and dial another number . ring . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) hello . hank bobbi it 's I , hank . bobbi jett ( 0.s. ) hi. hank pack a bag . I will be by in half a hour . bobbi jett ( 0.s. ) where we go ? hank Lake Martin . a lodge at kowliga Bay . pal of mine be loaning it . a long beat ... ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) bobbi jett ( 0.s. ) make it a hour . int . kowliga lodge - night summer cottage hallway . faint light . sound off screen of throw up . hank walk into frame . follow he as he weave towards the sound . bobbi be on she knee , on the floor , bent over the toilet . hank Hell bobbi , you be even drunker than ol 's hank . she wipe she mouth look up . bobbi jett hank , I be not drunk . hank lean against the door . hank you be not ? ... I sure be . bobbi jett no ... I be pregnant . ext . kowliga lodge / lake pier - night cricket and potato bug pop against the pier 's lamppost . hank and bobbi sit on fold web chair . both smoking . hank with a beer . hank what be it with I ? every woman in my life have kid . every one of ‘em even before I ever get to they . bobbi jett you be obviously very attractive to mother , hank . they laugh . hank Jesus , bobbi ... you be pregnant beat . ( continued ) 109 . continued : bobbi jett we could get marry . hank baby , you do not want to marry I . bobbi jett I will . hank that 's different . he stand , look out at the lake . hank ( cont would ) ( sardonic laugh ) Boy , I be a professional at make a mess of thing ... bobbi jett if we get marry hank thing would be more stable . and just think ... we would have this new little one right here . hank bobbi , I love you , you be a great gal ... but not like that , not that way . the sadness of this plain truth wash across she face . hank ( cont would ) I be gonna marry billie Jean . she steel herself . take a breath . bobbi jett she know that ? hank not exactly ( beat ) . but darlin 's I 'il look after this little baby . in 1l give you money and I will be its poppa even ... but there 's 1ll be no marriage . bobbi jett hank , you be really screw up . hank I know . 110 . int . mr. jone 's house / hallway - morning the phone on the wall , hang by the cord . billie enter ina cotton nightie . close on she sensuous mouth as it brushes the phone . billie jean hello . hank ( 0.c . ) I get a date pick out . intercut close on they face . billie jean yeah . hank . unshaven . silence . hank October 19th . billie jean and what be you gonna do then ? hank marry you . billie jean that 's nice . hank I know . billie jean I think I be get my hair do that day . hank Change it to the 18th and it ’1ll all work out perfectly . billie jean I 'il think about it . hank billie , I love you . you hear I ? I love you ... I love you ... and if you be still there , I still love you . ( continued ) continued : 111 . billie jean hank . hank what ? billie jean I love you , too . int . fred rose 's office - day the documentary style interview of Fred Rose continue . jump CUT fred rose the opry ... yeah , the opry ... get the boot ... devastating nearly as much for I as he ... we have work so hard for it ... but there be a small part of I think , maybe it might get we on a better road ... fred rose ( cont would ) in the end , I pull every string . I have to get he back where we start , on the Louisiana hayride in Shreveport . the money be less , but he would not be idle . and they do have a easier way down there , not protect a image so much . ( light a cigarette , take a long drag ) his back be still bad and we be concerned about the medication . especially on the road ... I could not imagine that aspect would get worse ... and then it do . by way of man name Toby Marshall . int . oklahoma CITY HOTEL room - night hank lie on the bed . he 's in severe pain . and drunk . billie sit in chair look wear down . worried . hank it 's not just my back baby , I feel like my chest be get jump on . phone ring . she answer , listen . hang up . ( continued ) 112 . continued : hank ( cont would ) that audrey ? she have bocephus ? billie jean ( shake she head , no ) no ... stage manager . they tell the crowd you could not make it . I hope it 's handle . knock on the door . knock . she go to it . man enter , late 40' . behind he another man , early 50' , grey hair , distinguished until you see he cold , darting eye behind wire - rimmed glass . toby marshall . he carry a wear black crocodile bag . billie block the first man . he look around she at hank . billie jean ( cont would ) who be you ? man / promoter lebeau . the promoter . she look past he to Marshall . billie jean you ? toby marshall Dr. Marshall . billie jean what kind of doctor ? toby marshall I specialize in alcoholism . billie jean what do that mean ? hank squirm , moan . hank what ’ya get Doc ? what 's the man have ? Marshall and billie stare at each other . toby marshall it mean I have be there and back , mar ’am . I know the compassion that be need and the pain that be endure . ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) every bone in she body want this men to go away . anyone would . they feel wrong . she hold she ground , do not move . hank ( shouting ) let the man in . Marshall step around she . move to the bed . he take hank 's hand and simply hold it for a long time . all SOUND slowly fade away . slow tempo instrumental version '' I be so lonesome I could Cry '' fade up . Marshall now lean down , open he bag , take out a rubber strap and begin wrapping it around hank 's upper arm . Fred Rose 's voice come in . fred rose ( 0.s. ) chloral hydrate . ever hear of it ? it 's what 's in a '' mickey Finn '' ... knock - out pill . so powerful they use they to sedate circus animal . never suppose to be administer with alcohol or to someone with a heart condition , which hank likely have . int . fred rose 's office - day back to the Fred Rose interview . fred rose Marshall be by he own admission a pathological liar . a former alcoholic who have be in prison for armed robbery . his diploma ... come from the Chicago University of apply Sciences and Arts . buy it off a salesman at a gas station for 25 dollar ... then just before he 29th birthday , hank call and tell I he be in Toby Marshall 's care . int . nashville recording studio - day Band get ready . hank stretch out in a chair . he 's clearly exhaust and so sore he can not seem to stand . his eye be close . might be asleep , until ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : hank what we get leave ? fred rose ( intercom ) hour or so . he open he eye , lean up , stare at the clock ... 3:10 p.m. Fred walk out of the booth , take a long look at he , fred rose ( cont would ) you alright ? a faint nod . fred rose ( cont would ) we can be do , hank . call it a day . hank lean down and pick up he guitar . lay it across he lap . hank let I run something past you . fred rose okay ... you sure ? hank say nothing more , just slowly begin pick out the first simple chord of he new song . and without even rise from he chair and with more agonizing emotion than be imaginable , he begin to sing . hank '' you cheatin’ heart will make you weep you will cry and cry and try to sleep but sleep will not come the whole night through you cheatin’ heart will tell on you when tear come down like the fallin’ rain you will toss around and call my name you 'il walk the floor the way I do you cheatin’ heart will tell on you '' on fred ( continued ) continued : 115 . ( 2 ) in awe at the sheer power of the word , he can not actually bear to look at hank sing one of the great and most mournful ballad ever write . on billie . tear form in she eye . tight on hank's face beautiful , crease , almost serene . one week past he 29th birthday but he could easily be a man twice that age . int . cheap motel ( bossier CITY , LA ) - day a long , ugly way from Franklin Road and the dream it come with . a sparse tiny kitchen . hank and billie Jean sit around a linoleum top table . billie jean ( a slight whisper ) it 's embarrassing to have people here . hank I know . billie jean you tell I you hate manager ... they get the moral of a cash register . hank honey , it 's not a matter of like ‘em , sometimes it 's a matter of need ‘em . she go to the stove , heat up the coffee pot . in b.g. a toilet flush . hank ( cont would ) listen , baby , I want you to hear out some idea oscar have about the wedding . billie jean we wedding ? hank yeah , this guy organize thing . just promise you will listen ... it 's kinda fun . ( continued ) 116 . continued : billie jean fun ? oscar davis walk out from the bathroom , into the kitchenette . smile at billie , subtly look around . hank billie 's be look for a house in Shreveport . we have see some nice one oscar davis that 's great . beat , as billie bring the coffee to the table . oscar davis ( cont would ) you know , hank spend most of he time on the phone tell I all about billie and turn out he be not even do you justice . billie jean well he 's like that . hank oscar , why do not you take we through you think about the wedding . oscar davis billie , that okay ? billie jean it 's just my wedding , why not . oscar davis awright ... well , we have only get three week till October 19 , I say we go '' big '' and in the city that know about have a '' big '' time ... New Orleans . billie jean what exactly do big mean ? oscar davis well , it mean hmmm , large enough to accommodate hank 's fan . billie jean I be sorry , you wanna invite fan ? ( continued ) continued : she put t she leave 117 . ( 2 ) oscar davis I would put it more like give they the opportunity to attend by say , buy ticket . billie jean be this a joke ? hank ...? hank c’mon billie , just listen . he coffee pot down hard . billie jean what do you think I be do ? oscar davis billie , you would be do they a favor . really . this be a storybook romance . and I believe I understand romance . I have actually spend some time in Paris and they have get note on you kid . there would be a lot of love in that hall . and they have be happy to pay . billie jean oh I see , we be go to sell ticket ? oscar davis but we would never take advantage . billie jean oh hank , you know I love you and that mean I love every bit of you ++ . so I be gonna bow out of this conversation before I do not . the room . they stare at each for a beat . oscar davis what ’ya wanna do ? hank just tell I what you get . oscar davis well , after you call , I speak to Ed pendergrass at wbok and he figure we could get the City auditorium , charge say a buck to 2.50 ... the place seat 7000 . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : int . wbok a dj , 40 , 118. ( 3 ) oscar davis ( cont would ) get some of you pal down from the hayride . hank woman 's right , this be crazy shit , oscar . oscar davis yeah , but it 'il be something to remember , will not it ? hank only if my bride show up . new orlean october 14 , 1952 studio - day dwayne , interview billie Jean . it 's live . dwayne we be sure sorry hank Williams could not be with we today . but we be still more than ok here at wbok New Orleans . apparently hank 's get important business in Montgomery , but we be proud to have he fiancee , billie Jean Jones . billie jean thank you , dwayne . int . lillie 's boarding house / live room - day hank 's smoke-stain hand cup a cigarette . the board House dining room . rain pelt the window . around the table : a lawyer , bobbi jett , hank next to she . lillie stand in the doorway . lawyer basically this be what we will draft over at the office . he look at hank , read from note . hank stub out the cig . lawyer ( cont would ) '' hank Williams may be the father of say child . hank will provide for bobbi 's room and board here at lillie 's . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : hank look 119 . lawyer ( cont would ) hank will pay all the doctor 's bill and hospital bill and 30 day after the birth will provide a plane ticket to anywhere in California bobbi want to go . lillie here be go to look after the baby for two year and hank will pay for a nurse ... '' we on track so far ? at lillie , softly pat bobbi 's hand . int . wbok studio - day dwayne and billie Jean . dwayne billie Jean we be awful excited about the big shindig on October 19 . so gracious of you and hank to have invite all of we fan to the wedding . and by the way , for that of you who do not have ticket to the sell out ceremony , you can see this gorgeous gal and '' the lovesick Boy '' at a rehearsal at 3:00 in the afternoon ... now billie tell I , be you a nervous bride ? billie jean I sure be dwayne ... after all I be marrying hank Williams ... but I think that make I about the luckiest girl in the world . dwayne I think you be right . well , if you can stick around billie , we will play a little of hank after this message . he turn off the mic . pushes a couple of button . int . lillie 's boarding house / live room - day lawyer '' during that time both of you will have the right to visit the child and on the child 's third birthday , hank will assume custody until the baby be five . ( more ) ( continued ) 120 . continued : lawyer ( cont would ) from that point , father and mother will share custody . '' he stop read from note . no one speak . hank look again to lillie . bobbi never take she eye from the table . int . wbok studio - day dwayne pretty sweet and pretty funny what you say about be nervous for marrying hank . I just bet you be . billie jean yep , hank think I be funny too . he reach over , slowly rub she hand . dwayne you know since hank 's not in town tonight , billie Jean , we could grab a couple drink and I would be happy to show you some real nawlins hot spot ... billie jean I sure appreciate that dwayne , but I mean what I say about be lucky . b&w documentary style footage of the wedding jambalaya plays underneath i/e . new orlean - day / night Inside a limo . billie kiss hank , escort see out the window . a marquee announce nuptial . lillie hide she face . behind she a quick flash of toby marshall . backstage . hank walk past a row of champagne case . he plop on the box . mug for the camera . bridesmaid fidget in front of a huge lile of the valley arrangement . ( continued ) 121 . continued : hank and billie on stage with preacher . hank be not wear he hat . hank pull back the veil and kiss billie . i/e . STREET / toy store - night a train locomotive come straight at camera . smoke puff from the stack , whistle blow . pull back to realize it 's a lionel model train wind through a small play village . pan to find billie and hank , hand in hand , strolling down a New Orleans street . they stop in front of the toy store . hank stare at the tableau . int . hank and audrey 's house - evening the same train now go round and around on the live room floor . junior sit next to it . he 's hold on to the phone . audrey watch he from the sofa . hank ( 0.s. ) I hear you get a new toy . junior smile . junior a choo choo train , daddy . hank oh , you do ? junior be you gonna play with I ? hank ( 0.s. ) you betcha , I will . just as soon as I can be there ... ( then ) you know how much I miss you do not you bocephus ? junior more than all the ant on all the sidewalk , more than all the leave on the tree in the whole world . hank that 's right . junior smile . audrey take the phone . ( continued ) 122 . continued : audrey we gotta go now . it 's get past he bedtime . I do not want he get work up . int . shreveport motel apt / room - evening hank on the phone . hank ( reluctant ) sure . ok . Fine . audrey ok then . hank audrey , why do not you bring he up to Shreveport next weekend ? audrey ( 0.s. ) that will not work out . hank why not ? it have just be for Saturday . you can leave he here and we ’1ll bring ' im back . audrey we get plan on Saturday . hank Sunday then ... audrey no , look , we be just gonna have to find a better time . talk to you later , hon . she hang up . his dejection impossible to mask . billie have be listen from the doorway . hank still hold the phone . be there a emptier feel ? from the table , he pick up a sheet of paper . h.w. itinerary . confirm until further notice . November 18 - duval County armory , jacksonville , fla . November 19 - Main theater Ft. ben , Georgia ( continued ) 123 . continued : November 20 - comer auditorium - Columbus , Georgia November 21 - dj convention - Nashville , Tenn . November 22 - Home of Austin Wood , St. James , mo Flight St. Louis to Montgomery November 25 - mont. Civic - Claude King , Tommy Hill November 26 - opelousa and Lafayette , La. November 30 - Louisiana hayride hank finish read . sail the papers across the room . a blur that become the blur of the ... i/e . alabama highway / hank 's cadillac - day ... the OPEN road of a southern highway see through a windshield '' I be dream of a White Christmas '' plays under ... billie drive . hank be slump in the seat next to she . he reach over and try to tune in a baseball game . just a faint play by play through heavy static . hank take out a pill vial . pour several in he hand . she look over at he . he stare straight ahead . billie jean do you have to ? hank yeah , kinda do . he just choke they down . they drive on . hank ( cont would ) I be sorry baby . billie jean for what ? hank everything . driving in more silence , then ... ( continued ) 124 . continued : billie jean well , I be glad we be gettin’ out of Shreveport , but to tell the truth , I do not really want to see you mother . hank I know that , but at least she will be happy to see I . lately people see I come , they just want to cross the street . billie jean that 's not true ... and do not sound so sorry for yourself . after a beat . hank tell you what , let 's do not go to lillie 's , you be right . let 's go see my daddy . billie jean you want to just drive down to mcwilliam and drop in on lon ? hank no use call . only phone be at the train depot . let 's just go , it will be good . ext . lon william 's house - day a small weathered house along a rural road in mcwilliam , Alabama . the winter sun low across this unyield farm country . the cadillac pull in . hank and billie get out , walk to the door . hank carry a box of chocolate . he knock . knock again . turn the knob . it 's not lock . int . lon william 's house - day hank enter . billie stay in the doorway . hank lon ... daddy ... you here ? anybody home ? no answer . hank walk further in . poke head in kitchen . walk back over to he dad 's easy chair , wear , rag , saggy . ( continued ) 125 . continued : he stare down at a pile of newspaper next to it on the floor . he kneel . see a old billboard . open it to the country chart page . '' jambalaya '' near the top . drop it back on the pile . stands up . he 's still hold the chocolate . carefully place they in the chair . he tear off a piece of newspaper , take a pencil from he coat pocket . write on the paper scrap : merry Christmas lon , Love hank and billie and junior . he take another look , walk out past billie , unable to meet she eye . int . fred rose 's office - day the documentary style interview of Fred Rose continue . fred rose oscar and a.v. bamford book hank two date at the end of December . New year Eve in Charleston , West Virginia and New year day in canton , Ohio . the weather in the south have turn horrible , bone cold and as wet as a beaver pocket , so he could not fly and instead look around for someone to drive he in he own car . when he could not find any friend to take he up on that , he call a buddy at Lee Street taxi in Montgomery and that fellow get he 17 year - old son , Charles carr for the job . Charles be a freshman at auburn on holiday break . December 30 , 1952 ext . lillie 's boarding house - day cold , windy , about to rain . the caddy sit on the street . trunk open . billie Jean lean against the hood . she wear a wool coat and have a shawl wrap around she . the front door open . hank walk out carry he guitar . thinner than ever . gaunt . cigarette hang from he lip . ( continued ) 126 . continued : charle carr , 17 , the driver , be behind he . he carry a suitcase and balance a box of song book . hank wear a Blue serge suit , a white sweat - stain fedora and dirty white cowboy boot . over this , a blue overcoat . he put the guitar in the trunk , where there be two other box of record . start coughing , hack . cig drop to the pavement . he go to billie . they hug . he step back . hank baby I x11 call you when I get up to Charleston . billie jean how come I can not come ? I do not want to stay around here and deal with she . she glance up at the house where lillie stand in the doorway . hank go back to Shreveport and I will meet you there in a couple of day . you do not have to stay . billie jean I do not see the big deal about come along . hank it 's a long ass trip and truthfully you might get real sick of I and we might end up go at each other .+. vight ? she give he a look . they hug , he kiss she . start to walk away . come back . hank ( cont would ) one more for luck , huh ? she come back kiss he while cradling he cheek . they pull away , he go to the car . he smile at something he 's think about . he climb in the car . Charles get in the driver seat . hank roll down the window . billie jean what be you smile about ? ( continued ) 127 . continued : ( 2 ) hank well , another reason I do not think you should come be ... I could use the leg room . billie jean go to hell , hiram Williams . now she walk back over , kiss he on the cheek . billie jean ( cont would ) one more for extra luck . hank see you back in Louisiana darling -.. and '' happy New Year . '' billie jean drive safe , Charles . he 's a real sob , but I think I love he . charle carr yes mar ’am . as the car pull out . hank look back at the house . lillie have come out on the porch and be wave . he wave back , touch he hat , and give he mother a sweet smile . billie stand in the street . hold on the two of they watch the caddy slowly disappear down the road . new year 's day 1953 canton , ohio 3:00 p.m. ext . canton memorial auditorium - day marquee : New year Day , Thursday Jan 1 , 2 hour stage show feature hank william also hawkshaw hawkins , Homer and jethro , autry Mann and many many more . a light snow dust the shoulder of the last straggler rush into the auditorium . 128. int . canton memorial auditorium - day the crowd be thrilled , pulsate with anticipation . the New Year be come in right . camera move among , between and around the joyous face . it sweep past a few couple in they 20 's and land on the beam face of a 12 year -old boy in a cowboy hat . he stare up at the stage in wonderment . int . canton memorial auditorium / backstage - day behind the curtain all the performers , include Don helm , be unexpectedly gather . most be quiet , a few whisper , other be quietly weep . the show 's emcee , cliff rogers , 30 's , walk slowly past they . head down . stop at Don , whose 27 year old face wear a 100 year of pain . they share a final look , then Rogers move to where the curtain meet up and slip out onto the stage . int . canton memorial auditorium / stage - day the crowd hoot , hollers , '' happy New year '' be shouted ... the stage Rogers walk to the microphone . clear he throat . look out over the crowd . cliff rogers lady and gentleman , I have be in show business almost twenty year , and I have be call upon to do many difficult thing in front of a audience . but today I be about to perform the most difficult task I have ever do . in the audience , nervous laughter , a few shout , '' I bet '' , '' like what '' ... cliff rogers ( cont would ) this morning on he way to canton to do this show , hank Williams die in he car . there be even a few more laugh from that who can only believe this must be part of a act . ( continued ) 129 . continued : cliff rogers ( cont would ) lady and gentleman , this be no joke . ( steel himself ) +... hank Williams be dead . with that , Rogers slowly walk away from the mic . the house light dim one by one . a single spot hit the solitary microphone . from behind the curtain , come the powerful voice of the whole cast as they begin singing . cast '' I wander so aimless , life fill with sin I would not let my dear savior in then Jesus come like a stranger in the night praise the Lord I see the light . '' the curtain fold back revealing the cast , still in shock , wash in pain , but sing with all they heart . they remain at the rear of the stage , while the single light stay on the microphone in the front . on the crowd as this impossible news sink in ... gradually , family by family , stranger and friend , all begin to stand , and as they come to they foot , many sobbing , they join in the sing . the auditorium now ring fully with the beauty and power of hank 's word . everyone '' just like a blind man , I wander alone worries and fear I claim for my own then like the blind man that God give back he sight praise the Lord I see the light , I see the light , I see the light no more darkness , no more night now I be so happy , no sorrow in sight praise the Lord I see the light . '' fade to black . come up on : 130 . int . fred rose 's office - night Fred 's face , half light , a study in sorrow . his head down , he hand tremble . under this ... a radio announcer ( 0.s ) ( deep baritone , static lace ) '' Sunday , January 4th , 1953 , hillbilly singer and composer hank Williams be bury in Montgomery , Alabama . his tragic death , at the age of 29 , be presume to be the result of heart failure ... Fred look up , stare into the interviewer 's camera . hold he gaze . radio announcer ( 0.s ) ... a crowd estimate at 20,000 stand outside the city auditorium . 2750 friend , family and fan be inside . dissolve to : actual documentary footage of hank' funeral fade up . radio announcer the casket be bring in at 1:00 p-m. and open at 1:15 . hundred file past . the musical program be organize by Roy acuff . in addition to the many opry star , the southwind singer , a negro gospel quartet perform . this be the first time something of this nature have occur in Alabama . at 2:30 the door close . '' footage fade black