I smile back written by paige Dylan and Amy koppelman base on the novel I smile back by Amy koppelman int . uncle wong 's chinese restaurant - day 1 laney brooks ( mid -30 's ) be have a drink at the bar while she fiddle with a pair of chopstick . she 's pretty , but not in the way that inspire envy ; she 's pretty in a way that make you want to be she friend . two large bag of takeout be on the counter . laney lean over the bar look for something but come up short . she pull the elastic hair tie out of she pony tail and tie up the chopstick with a fold piece of paper in the middle . she stand , drain she drink and glance over to a mom and dad argue . they young son have a chopstick in each hand . he 's try to eat he noodle but they keep slide off the chopstick . the Mom and dad do not seem to notice . laney grab the takeout bag and start head for the door but stop short at the boy 's table . she put down she bag and we see what she 's be make : a set of trainer chopstick . laney here you go buddy . she quickly show the little boy how to work they . the Mom and dad stop argue and look at she . laney 's friendly . laney ( cont 'd ) I still use this . laney head to the door . but she do not leave . instead she wait until the little boy capture a mess of noodle and bring it to he mouth . success ! he look up , lock eye with laney and smile at she . laney smile back , then exit . ext . uncle wong 's parking lot - day - same 2 a perfect winter day , not a cloud in the sky . donny ( mid - 30 ) , tan and good look be lean against he maserati and smoking a joint . laney approach , take - out bag in hand . laney sorry that take so long . they be swamp . donny no sweat . laney attempt to put the bag in the back seat but donny wrap he arm around she waist from behind , spin she around and pin she against the side of the car , kiss she neck . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 2 . laney Quick : three reason you love I . donny take another hit off the joint and pass it to she . donny one -- laney make a game show buzzer sound . laney -- too slow . donny -- because you be beautiful . he exhales . she take a hit off the joint . donny ( cont 'd ) two - fun . laney really fun . donny Three - smart . laney laugh . donny reclaim the joint and take another hit . he lean in for another kiss but she dodge he . laney we have get hungry kid . come on . donny take one last hit before put the joint out with he shoe . ext . suburban road - day - same 3 tall tree line the road . stables . paint fence . donny turn by the clock tower and then come to a stop sign on the corner . laney be suck on a Red charm lollipop . this be something she do throughout the movie . ext . laney brooks 's driveway - day - same 4 donny pull slightly erratically into the driveway , swerving to avoid hit a bicycle carelessly leave lay on its side . the home be a modest center hall colonial , black shutter , red door . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 3 . laney I have tell eli a hundred time not to leave he bike in the middle of the driveway . donny push the gear into neutral , pull on the emergency break . laney get out of the car and grab a bag of take - out from the back seat . she 's still work on she lollipop . laney ( cont 'd ) the kid must be starve . she walk toward the front door , turn around and toss she hair over she shoulder , tuck a piece behind she ear . she 's undeniably sexy . she motion for donny to get move but he do not . instead he sink back into he seat , cock he head to the side lustily and grin at she . laney walk back to the car , grab the second bag of take - out . laney ( cont 'd ) come on donny . everyone 's wait for we . he turn off the engine . laney ( cont 'd ) do I look high ? laney fumble around in she purse . she find the visine and put a couple of drop in each eye . she 's a pro . donny you look beautiful . donny try to pin laney against the wall next to the front door to kiss she but she wiggle out of it . flashes a smile . toss what 's leave of the lollipop into the bush . omitted 5 int . kitchen - day - continuous 6 laney we be back ! who 's hungry ? through the french door we see bruce and susan ( both mid - 30' ) . Three kid , eli ( 8 ) , janey ( 6 ) and henry ( 8 ) be play happily on the trampoline . donny start remove food from the bag . laney head outside . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 4 . ext . backyard - day - continuous 7 Bruce and Susan be bundle up and watch the kide play . hear the door open , Bruce turn around to see laney . he have a vaguely suspicious look on he face - be that always there ? bruce what take you so long ? laney wrap she arm around Bruce 's neck and give hima kiss . laney they forget the moo - shu pork and I know it 's you favorite . she be well verse in identify a suspicious look . even more so in know how to dismiss it with a kiss . bruce food 's 's here ! everybody inside ! Susan , you hungry ? int . kitchen table - day - same 8 Bruce , laney , donny and Susan be sit around the kitchen table eat . there be open box of chinese food and a few open beer bottle on the table . the kide be milling around the kitchen . eli , in head - to - toe nike sweat look like a mini version of he father . he 's dribble a basketball . Susan pass donny a manuscript . susan Bruce 's book . donny rest he chopstick on he plate and take a look at the book . donny '' life insurance : hedging you Bet against God '' , by Bruce brook ! that 's a great fuck title . susan and he just win a big insurance award . right Bruce ? bruce ( to eli ) not in the house E. eli I know . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 5 . eli dribble it one last time then hug it with one arm , grab a plate . bruce man of the Year . highest producer in the company . Bruce 's tone be playful . bruce ( cont 'd ) they be honore I at the annual convention . a all expense pay weekend in ... Lake George . ( a beat ) in March . everyone laugh . donny ( food in mouth ) so what 's the book about ? bruce the way I see it , there 's a bible for the afterlife . I write the bible for the here and now . more laugh . bruce ( cont 'd ) I be not kid . people can say what they want about insurance and guy like I but you know what ? at the end of the day , have good insurance be the most important thing you can do while you be alive . and every time you up it you be just hedge you bet against God . be I right ? laney , bored , bring she plate into the kitchen , dump it , grab a lollipop . bruce ( cont 'd ) ( mouthful of food ) what be you do ? laney just clean up , kid have school tomorrow . I have to do laundry , make they lunch . bruce sit back down laney . everyone here be enjoy the food . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 6. laney the rib be sour . bruce you do not eat . donny come on Lane . sit back down . Bruce 's vaguely suspicious look return when donny call she '' Lane '' . janey enter the kitchen hold bingo , the cutest little dog in the entire world . janey be laney 's clone . Brown hair , chocolate eye , big smile . janey daddy , bingo be cry . laney janey where do you get that dog ? janey we rescue he from the pound ! bruce janey , bingo be suppose to be a surprise for mommy . janey but he be cry . I think he need you mommy . janey pass bingo into laney 's arm . laney Bruce , I think we talk about this . bruce janey , go tell everyone to come see bingo . janey hesitates , then run out of the room . Bruce turn to laney . bruce ( cont 'd ) no you talk about this . we do not talk about anything . come on Lane - this dog be gonna make you happy . let 's just give it a try . can you just trust I on this ? laney fuck you Bruce . 10 9a pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 7. she shove the dog into Bruce 's arm and exit leave Bruce , donny and Susan in a awkward silence . int . laney' bathroom - night - same 9 a naked laney be examine herself in the bathroom mirror . she trace she leave breast with she finger . up and around , down . she stop , glance at herself and then lift she right breast . up and around , down . she move closer , and begin inspect she face . the wrinkle by she eye . the smile line around she mouth . next to she a jar of rub alcohol rest on a lavender hand towel . she open the jar , dip the tweezers into the liquid and then remove it . she locate a hair hide in the crease of she upper thigh and push she thumb together to loosen it . she take the tweezers , turn the sharp point in the direction of she skin and dig . she wipe the hair onto the hand towel and continue . her movement be slow and deliberate . the outcome seem to satisfy she . laney walk over to the sink . she rummages through the cabinet beneath it , take out a box of tampax . laney grab a small white envelope from inside . this be obviously where she keep she stash . she empty the content onto the back of she iphone but not before glance at a picture of she kid . she sniff a line , throw she head back and breathes deep . laney snort the remain line . she turn on the bath water , test it with she toe . then she walk over to the window . ext . basketball hoop - night - continuous 10 Bruce be play basketball in the driveway . sweat drip down he cheek , bead up on he forehead . he 's get some nice move - no stranger to a good pickup game in the park . eli and janey be also on the court . Bruce teach eli how to shoot free throw . janey be riding a pink bicycle with training wheel . int . bathroom - night - continuous 9a laney step into the tub . she sink into the water and disappear . 11 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 8. int . eli ’'s room - night - same 11 eli get into bed . his movement be slow . deliberate . once in bed he focus on the styrofoam solar system that hang on the ceiling above he . laney knock . she crack the door open . she 's in she robe and hold bingo . laney hey - eli hey - she put bingo on he bed . eli ( cont 'd ) hey , bingo . laney sleepy ? eli not really . eli be focus on he ceiling . laney lay down next to he . bingo be between they . laney 's sniffle , fidgety . laney whatchya thinkin’ about ? eli why do you hate bingo ? laney ( irritate ) I do not hate bingo . eli can we keep he then ? laney I do not know E . it 's just , you know . it 's one more thing to worry about . eli ( pause ) do you worry about I ? laney be too amp up to finish the conversation and miss eli 's ultimate question . laney okay , time to close you eye . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 9 . she give eli a kiss on he forehead , grab bingo and head to the door . laney ( cont 'd ) tell I when to stop ... she slowly close the door . laney ( cont ’d ) now ? eli a little more .. laney now ? eli be we go to keep bingo , Mom ? laney maybe . she close the door a little bit more . laney ( cont ’d ) now ? eli maybe yes or maybe no ? laney maybe as in it 's time to go to sleep . laney close the door a tiny bit more . bingo be lick she cheek . eli so that mean yes right ? we be go to keep bingo ? the smile on eli 's face be hard to resist . laney it 's a definite maybe . 12 int . master bedroom - day 12 laney open she eye , lift she head lazily and glance at Bruce 's empty side of the bed and the clock on he night stand . 6:55 be . 13 14 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 10 . head back on the pillow , she stretch and enjoy she last moment in the warm womb of she blanket . the bathroom door open . bruce think I be gonna have to wake you up . he adjust he tie and collar , grab he jacket . laney I do not want to get up . get back in bed with I . laney pat the pillow and smile . Bruce give she a kiss on the forehead . bruce I wish . Bruce leave , laney roll over and glance at the frame family picture on she night stand . Bruce with a young eli on he shoulder , he arm around laney who 's hold a infant janey in she arm . int . master bathroom - day - continuous 13 laney be brush she tooth . she look up at she reflection , then open the medicine cabinet and take out a prescription bottle . as she spit out the toothpaste , she hear Bruce 's car pull out of the driveway . she look at the prescription and then return it to the shelf . ext . school parking lot - day 14 laney pull into the school parking lot and be immediately meet by a school guard who be direct traffic . guard only school bus allow in here lady . laney since when ? guard you must not read you email . eli ( nervous ) ma ... 14 a 15 16 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 11 . laney do not worry E . ( to guard , flirt ) be Frank here ? he always let I double park . the guard have already hear this 10 time this morning , but laney 's charm seem to be work . guard if I could do it for anyone I would do it for you but the board of Ed have new security procedure . Recent tragedy and all . he hand she a sheet of paper title '' ridgemont elementary School 's New Security policy '' . in smaller font it say , '' in light of recent event ... '' eli what 's it say Mom ? laney say we have to park . laney pull she suv back out into the sea of anonymous suv . she 's just another broad in suburbia . int : backseat of suv -continuous 14a eli and janey be buckle in . they have they personalize paper lunch bag on they lap . eli 's have basketball all over it , janey 's heart and star . ext . school - day - same 15 laney , eli and janey run toward the school building . they do not want to be late . eli 's backpack be twice he size . janey 's be pink with a princess on it . int . school office - day - continuous 16 laney , eli and janey be wait in a shallow line in the office . laney spot Susan and she son henry . Susan be proudly wear a official look laminate around she neck . laney hey Susan . what 's this ? susan it 's the parent id . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 12 . laney do not register what Susan be talk about , Susan see this . susan ( cont 'd ) they send they in the mail ? part of this whole new security thing . laney I , uh ... susan do not worry , I will vouch for you . laney fidget , look around , everyone be wear a badge around they neck . everyone but laney . this appear to bother she much more than it should . she step to the front of the line where she be meet by mrs . kosinski ( late 50 's ) the school principal . mrs . kosinski id ? laney I forget it today , busy morning . I will bring it tomorrow . mrs . kosinski parent id be mandatory now . we mail they out last week . and send a email . susan I ‘’1l vouch for she . eli ma? laney it 's okay E , just a sec . ( to Mrs. kosinski ) I have be walk they to class every morning for two year . can not you make a exception ? mrs . kosinski if I make a exception for you Mrs. brook , then I have to make one for everyone . be that how you want to teach we child ? laney look at she , stunne . 17 18 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 13 . mrs . kosinski ( cont 'd ) I would not think so . at this point in the year eli 's quite familiar with how to get to he class . he will be fine . and i’1l personally escort miss janey to she classroom . eli I be okay Mom . laney feel nothing but shame . she be inferior . janey I too , mommy . laney you sure ? janey nod she head yes - she be eager to get go . janey I be sure . Mrs. kosinski reach out she hand , janey take it . laney wait , honey . laney kneel down . laney ( cont 'd ) give I a kiss . janey give laney a kiss and go . it 's not as easy for eli . he take a deep breath , hoist he backpack a little higher and begin the harrowing journey down the crowded hall . just outside the classroom he stop , turn to look at laney . laney be fight back tear . she blow eli a kiss . he catch it , put it into he pocket and disappear into the classroom . omitted 17 ext . school parking lot - day - same 18 a angry laney head to she car park on the outskirt of the school lot . laney walk quickly while rifling through she purse . she pull out a cigarette just as she reach she car . she get in and slam the door . 19 20 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 14 . laney fumble through she purse for a lighter , assess the parking lot , look in she rearview mirror . laney Fucking bitch . she light it in spite of she shaking hand . laney ( cont 'd ) ( mock ) '' be that how you want to teach we child ?... '' she reach for the secret vial in she purse , unscrew the lid , take a deep breath , help herself to a quick bump . she look around again , another bump . laney take a drag off she cigarette as if it be she last and lean she head back on the seat . a deep breath . and then , Bing ! she pick up she phone to read the text . text : donny room 302 she turn on the engine and go . ext . laney 's car - day 19 laney 's car head towards a toll booth , pull back to reveal New York City not too far in the distance . int . regency HOTEL room - day 20 laney be on she knee on the bed , ass in the air , hold onto the top of the headboard . laney and donny be , how do you say ... fuck each other 's brain out . but in laney 's eye be a look of detachment . she be somewhere else . laney and donny lay in bed . she 's suck on a lollipop . laney I gotta take a shower . donny it 's still early . stay with I . laney can not , gotta pick up the kid . donny I love you . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 15 . laney no you do not . donny why do you say that ? laney because you be marry . and because no man can love a girl whose ass he just fuck . donny Christ laney . you be crazy , you know that ? I tell you I 'il leave Susan . I love you . laney laugh . laney that 's the funny thing ... it do not matter . laney get out of bed and be pull on she panty . laney ( cont 'd ) I could love you and you could love I , and nothing . it still mean nothing . nine year of marriage , two kid , three thousand marinate chicken breast - and nothing . and then you die . donny pull a pillow over he head , roll over . donny go take you shower . 20 minute later : laney , freshly shower , walk out of the bathroom . she glance at donny ... out like a light . she take the cash out of he wallet and the last of the cocaine sit next to it . she grab she thing and leave , the self - close door slam behind she . the door wake donny . he look up , look around , no trace of laney . he stretch , sit up , put on he underwear , walk into the bathroom . donny be stand in the doorway look at the bathroom mirror . in red lipstick he read : '' don ’t leave susan '' . 21 21a 22 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 16 . ext . highway - day - same 21 laney be speed down the turnpike . she 's amp up and emotional , seemingly reckless . she mistakenly pass she exit . laney fuck . she be angrier than she should be , she 's in a spiral . she turn off at the next exit . the fed- ex truck she 's be stick behind turn leave . the traffic light at the intersection up ahead be change from green to yellow to - laney close she eye , press she foot deeper into the gas , hand up , let go . she drive straight through the red . Cars screech to a halt , one swerve into another lane to avoid she . horn be honk . she miraculously arrive across the street unharme . a couple of car pass . honk . one person curse she . more honk . laney pull to the side of the street and put she car in park , take a deep breath , exhales . she be visibly rattle . she pull the last smoke out of she pack and light it with shaky hand . tear trickle down the side of she face as turn up the radio , put she car in drive and go . int . / ext . laney in car - same 21a laney drive slowly . she be clearly shake . ext . school parking lot - same 22 laney 's black suv pull into the driveway of the school , same guard be stand there with a clipboard . he stop she . laney I be just pick up my son , I ' 1l only be a minute . guard you can not park here mar ’am , we have already be through this have not we ? laney I be hope you would not remember . the Guard look she over . guard no , I remember . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 17. Susan walk by laney 's car hold Henry 's hand , she 's noticeably upset . susan hey laney . laney hey Susan , you okay ? do Henry have a bad day ? susan no , I can not find donny . his cell 's be off all day - have not be to the office . laney he 's probably in a meeting or something -- guard Lady , you gotta move it . laney ( stalling ) I be go -- laney 's cell phone ring . it 's donny . she toss she phone into she purse . laney ( cont 'd ) I be sure donny be fine . i’1l call you later . ( to guard ) there 's my son -- laney see the kid filing out of the school into the front entrance . eli , hold janey 's hand , see she and wave . laney motion for he to walk to the car . eli get into the car , quiet . janey be eager to talk . laney be momentarily distract by she conversation with Susan . laney ( cont 'd ) how be school , guy ? janey fun ! laney E ? eli look out the window , no response . laney make she way through the sea of suv 's and out of the driveway . 23 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 18 . laney ( cont 'd ) how would it go E ? eli Fine . the cell phone ring . it 's donny again . laney do not answer . janey you phone be ringing , mommy . laney I know , honey . ext . brooks house - driveway - day 23 laney turn into she driveway she get out of the car and open the door . eli unbuckle and hurry past . laney scoops janey up into she arm . she carry she to the front door . laney do you miss I today ? janey yes . laney do you cry ? janey nod she head and be reward with a boost in the air . laney ( cont 'd ) how much do you love I ? janey open she arm as wide as she can to demonstrate she love . laney ( cont 'd ) tell I you 'il never leave I . this scene look all in good fun but it 's thinly veile twisted behavior by laney . janey ( giggle ) mommy ! stop ! laney I be just teasing muffin . kiss I . 24 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 19 . int . brooks dine room - night 24 the whole family sit around the dinner table . they have typical fare on they plate ; spaghetti , peas , bread chicken - nothing laney go out of she way to cook , but homemade nevertheless . laney 's plate be empty . she suck on a lollipop and sip a glass of wine . Bruce observe she behavior for a moment . bruce why be not you eat ? laney not hungry . bruce you need to eat more food . Real food . not lollipop . laney get up from the table and walk toward the kitchen . laney Jesus , what be you the food police ? int : kitchen - continuous laney open the refrigerator - block she view of the table . she downs she glass of wine behind the door . bruce ( 0.s. ) all that sugar be not good for you . laney set she empty glass on the top shelf , uncork a bottle of wine and refill she glass . bruce ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) empty calory . right guy ? not energy food . laney return to the table with butter and sit . she grab a piece of corn on the cob , wipe it with butter and put it in she mouth . they all watch she and smile - like this be the first time they have ever see she eat . she smile back . eli do you know the pilgrim steal America from the Native Americans ? they have the Native Americans teach they how to grow corn and stuff and then they steal they land . 24a pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 20 . bruce be that right ? eli yeah , so we give they casinos . bruce Mrs. Zeldis tell you that ? eli no , John frye do . his mom tell he . she also say Thanksgiving be a lie . laney ( under she breath ) John frye 's mom be a pig . bruce Lane ... the table go quiet again , kid look back down at they plate . bruce ( cont 'd ) you want to shoot hoop ? eli look out the window . eli really !? bruce we still have a little light . janey I too . everyone get a kick out of janey 's zeal . bruce okay . Bruce and the kid leave the table . laney begin clear the plate . laney 's Pov : through the window she can see they in the 24a driveway . Bruce loosen he tie . eli dribble the ball , aim for the basket , nearly make it . Bruce kneel , position eli : plant eli 's foot , adjust he arm . eli shoot and make it ! janey run after the ball and bring it to Bruce . he lift she up so she 's able to dunk the ball . through the kitchen window we see laney take it all in . she put she face in she hand , it 's all too much . 25 26 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 21 . int . eli 's bathroom - night - same 25 laney pass eli the soap . laney do you practice piano today ? the bathroom door be open to eli 's room . he crane he neck to try to see the game that 's on the tv . he tune laney out completely . laney ( cont 'd ) E ? you recital be come up . do you practice ? eli yeah . laney how long ? eli hurry with the soap . he signal that he 's do and laney hold a towel open . when eli get out of the tub she wrap she arm tightly around he . eli Mom ? I can not breathe . laney be still hold tight , too tight . eli manage to break away . int . eli 's room - night - continuous 26 eli have position himself in front of the television . laney stand at the edge of he doorway , take in he broaden frame . his shoulder , he back . there be a portable keyboard against the window , a basketball hoop on the door and a jeter fathead on the wall . laney nod , acknowledge jeter . laney hey -- eli glance at he mother . laney ( cont 'd ) put on you T-shirt . laney toss he the T-shirt . eli throw it over he head . laney ( cont 'd ) and dry you ball . 27 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) he turn and look at she like she 's crazy . eli Mom ! laney you will get a rash . eli roll he eye . int . master bedroom - night - same 22 . 27 Bruce , just out of the shower , have a towel wrap around he waste . he 's clipping he toenail into a trash can . laney watch he from the bedroom door . bruce what 's up ? laney I be just think ... bruce about ? laney about you ball . bruce ( laugh ) what ? laney about you ball . do you worry about drying you ball ? bruce do I worry ? laney yeah , like when you be a little boy , do you mother teach you to dry you ball or do you like ... just know how to do it instinctively ? should I teach eli or - Bruce examine he q-tip , put it in the other ear , with he toenail . bruce you dry they like any other part of you body . continue pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 23 . laney oh. ( pause ) but what happen if you do not dry they ? do you get a rash ? Bruce stop what he 's do and look at she - this conversation be start to get he attention . bruce I guess you could -- but whatever you do not get will just dry in you underwear . what 's go on laney ? laney you underwear ! why do not I think of that ? Bruce leave he groom duty , pick laney up and deposit she on the bed . int : master bedroom — continuous bruce all this talk about ball ... Bruce start kissing laney 's neck , unbuttone she blouse . she unfasten he belt buckle , giggle , but it 's clear she 's go through the motion . laney disassociate when she 's have sex . bruce ( cont 'd ) uhh ... he 's kissing she , get close ... bruce ( cont 'd ) you be so beautiful Lane ... uhh ... Bruce finish and collapse on top of she . a pause . laney I think my dad dry and powder . bruce Christ laney , can we change the subject ? a beat . laney we gotta get rid of bingo . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 24 . Bruce do not respond . laney ( cont 'd ) Bruce , I be serious we can not keep he . bruce it 's just a puppy laney . all kid get a puppy . why can not we kid have a God damn puppy ? why do it have to be such a big deal ? why do everything have to be such a big deal . laney because puppy turn into dog and dog get old and die . what 's a dog live , ten year ? bruce yes . ten enjoyable fuck year that the kid can grow up with a dog . only you could manage to turn get a puppy into a negative . laney I be try to spare they a negative , do not you understand ? the dog will die and they will be heartbroken ! bruce that 's life laney . that 's how it work . puppy die and bingo will die too . the kid will handle it . laney but I can not handle it . bruce then why bother loving anything ? why bother loving I ? laney do not respond . Bruce soften . he sit down on the bed , put he arm around she . laney I just do not understand why anyone bother to love anything at all . I mean by the time you be three you have pretty much figure out that everything you love be go to be take away . every three year old should run into traffic . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) bruce come on , Lane . you do not mean that . laney I do mean it . might as well cut they loss . Bruce hug she for a moment try he best to comfort she , then try to lighten the mood . bruce that could be a new market for I .... insurance for three year old . laney pull away . laney Bruce I be serious ! bruce so what do you suggest ? laney to not fall in love . to not get marry and have kid . to not pretend that it 's all go to be okay when nothing be go to be okay . bruce well , thankfully most of we like to fool ourselves . Bruce quietly observe she for a moment , narrow he eye slightly while something occur to he . he tread lightly , mask the real question with concern . bruce ( cont 'd ) you okay ? laney yeah . of course I be okay . why would not I be okay . Bruce brushes he finger through she hair . bruce I just worry about you that 's all . laney I be fine . I be go to check on the kid . 28 29 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 26 . ext . hallway - continuous 28 laney pick a few action figure up off the floor . she gently open the door to eli 's room . he 's toss and turn . int . eli 's room - night - continuous 29 laney jostle eli. laney E , wake up . you be have a nightmare . eli open he eye , tear stream down he cheek . laney ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter e? another bad dream ? laney instinctively put she hand on he forehead to check for a fever . eli we be walk down the street to go see dad and you be wear headphone - eli be still cry , little boy fresh out of a nightmare . laney take a deep breath , it 's okay ... tell I ... eli I be try to warn you but you would not listen to I - you could not hear I because you be listen to you headphone . laney bring a tissue to he nose . laney blow - eli I try so hard - eli blow he nose . eli ( cont 'd ) I be yell and you do not hear I and there be all this car . ( more ) 30 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 27 . eli ( cont 'd ) and then I get trap and I could not grab you and then the car just hit you - and you be dead . laney hold he tight . laney that will never happen eli. eli how do you know ? laney because I do not have a ipod . eli it 's not funny mom ! laney it can not happen because I will not let it happen . laney tuck eli back in bed . she begin rub he head . laney ( cont 'd ) go to sleep . mommy 's here . int . kitchen - night - same 30 laney let bingo out of the crate . she open a cabinet and take out two brown lunch bag and a box of crayon . she take a loaf of bread and two small bag of organic chip from a drawer . she 's about to make the kid 's they school lunch but change she mind . she open another cabinet , take out a secret bottle of vodka and pour herself a nice tall glass . she go over to the phone , flip through the school directory , search for a name , pick up the phone and dial . she look down the hall to make sure nobody can hear she . laney be this Diane ? ( pause ) laney ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry I know it 's late . this be laney brook , I be eli 's mom . ( pause ) I be fine . actually no , I be not fine . I be call because eli come home today with a bunch of storey about how the pilgrim be thief and Thanksgiving be a lie . ( more ) 31 32 33 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 28. laney ( cont 'd ) he say that John tell he . it 's none of my business what you teach you kid but I be really hope that you could - ( pause ) sure I understand that but um , well I be try to teach my son to be grateful for what he have which be hard and Thanksgiving be - ( pause ) but that 's a really important - ( pause ) but that 's you opinion - ( pause ) look - I be not call to have some kind of debate with you I just want to - ( pause ) laney be fume mad . laney ( cont 'd ) I have a great idea - why do not you leave the teach to the teacher - ( pause ) laney ( cont 'd ) that 's fine , and you can go fuck yourself . and tell you little brat to stay the fuck away from my kid . laney slam down the phone , search through she bag and locate she coke stash . she tap some coke onto the table , roll up a 20 dollar bill , snort a line . she sit down at the kitchen table and begin to flip through a magazine . she gulp some vodka . she flip through the magazine again , another gulp of vodka . laney be clearly try to drow out the demon - fast . she get up , leave the kitchen . int . hallway - night - continuous 31 laney make she way down the hallway . she 's not in great shape . she grab onto a wall and steady herself . continue . she open eli 's door , enter . int . eli 's room - continuous 32 laney sit at the foot of he bed and watch he sleep for a moment . she get up , walk to ... int . janey 's room - continuous 33 laney peek she head in , the little girl be fast asleep . laney eye she childhood teddy bear sit on the shelf near janey 's bed - batter , one eye miss . she take it from the shelf , lie down on the floor . 34 35 36 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 29 , face to face with the bear , laney kiss it . she look at it again before she place it between she leg , ease onto it , she crotch against the bear 's nose . she focus on the family picture next to janey 's bed . she start rock back and forth , eye close . this be a disturbing scene although laney masturbate be actually less troubling than she desperation for connection . the quivering stop , laney pull the bear from under she , roll onto she back . glow -in-the-dark plastic star glitter on the ceiling . a combination of emotion and drug overtake she . int . hallway leading to master bedroom — continuous 34 laney move slowly down the hall into she bedroom . int . master bedroom - continuous 35 Bruce be fast asleep . laney 's try to make she way to he side of the bed . she feel for he in the dark but she 's too disorient . laney Bruce . she stumble into the night stand and sit on the floor at the edge of the bed . she pull on the bedspread . laney ( cont 'd ) help . Bruce do not hear she . she pull on the bedspread and say it again . a bit louder this time . laney ( cont 'd ) help . Bruce sit up , flip on the light , adjust he eye , look for laney . the camera freeze on laney 's face . her hair be a mess . mascara run down she cheek . she look like a junkie . she be a junkie . bruce ( 0.s. ) Jesus laney ! ext . rural road - day 36 a new model sedan make it 's way down a rural road . 37 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 30 . int . / ext . gas station - day - continuous 37 laney suck on a lollipop and stare out the window as Bruce finish pump gas . silence , until ... Bruce enter the car . bruce when do you start hat I Lane ? laney I do not hate you Bruce . bruce then why do you stop take the med ? laney they make I fat . bruce fat ? laney yeah . I be gain weight . Bruce 's anger rise . bruce that 's bullshit . laney I be . bruce so you would rather be insane ? laney that 's a little melodramatic do not you think ? bruce I think it 's pretty accurate . laney whatever . bruce not whatever . we have be through this . you have a illness . it 's you responsibility to take you med and keep you head on straight . if not for I then for the kid . a beat . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 31 . bruce ( cont 'd ) do you not understand that everything I do be for you and the kid . all I want be for you to be happy like you use to be . do not you want to be happy ? laney happy like when ? happy like I be in college ? bruce yes ! laney I be stone every second of every day . bruce what kind of bullshit answer be that ? I use to get stone too but then I grow up . laney look out the window . laney I know . man of the Year . highest producer in company . bruce I ' 1l1 tell you what 's wrong with you laney , you be a spoiled fuck cunt . that 's what 's wrong with you . laney smile - if only to the glass on the window . he finally get it . laney that 's true Bruce . that 's what I be gonna work on while I be go . if I de - cunt myself will you let I come back ? bruce I see what you be try to do . you be try to make I look like the asshole . like I be kick you out of the house instead of try to get you help . Bruce calm himself down . 38 39 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 32. bruce ( cont 'd ) and you know that 's not true . but for some reason , for some fuck - up reason , no matter how many time you disappoint I I still love you . after a few moment of silence ... laney and I be the crazy one ?! Bruce look at she , incredulous , but they can not help but laugh . it 's a nice moment . ext . blue hill hospital - day - same 38 Bruce 's car pull into the circular drive of blue hill hospital . Front and center be a sign that say '' blue hill hospital manage mental Health since 1954 '' . a no nonsense nurse pauline ( early 50' ) be wait for laney by the hospital entrance . it suddenly dawns on laney that she 's enter rehab . Bruce pull up to the sign that say '' new patient '' . laney look at the hospital , at pauline and finally at Bruce . laney I do not think I can do this . Bruce have tear in he eye . this be very hard for he . bruce just a month Lane . you 'il be home before you know it . pauline open the car door . pauline you must be laney . laney hesitates . she look one last time at Bruce . he be resolute . pauline help laney out of the car and escort she into the building . Bruce , head in hand , gather himself , turn on the engine and drive away . int . detox - day - same 39 the detox room have nothing in it but a bed . the nurse gesture towards laney 's bag . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 33 . nurse pauline empty you bag please . nurse pauline be not mean , in fact she 's pleasant . laney dump she belonging onto the mattress . clothes and personal item , red lollipop scattered among it all . nurse pauline take she make - up bag , she phone , she blow dryer , two belt , she inspect a winter scarf before she take it , take she shoelace out of she sneaker . she open a pocket inside laney 's bag and pull out two bottle of prescription and a pack of cigarettes . she toss the cigarettes back down on the bed . nurse pauline ( cont 'd ) you can keep this , you will get the rest back when you leave . laney but I need my medication . nurse pauline check laney 's prescription . nurse pauline the ambien have to go . and the xanax . sorry , honey . for now you just get to sit back and enjoy the ride . nurse pauline turn laney 's bag inside and out to make sure she do not miss any secret hide spot . nurse pauline ( cont 'd ) I 'il need you bra too honey . laney Jesus the nurse put laney 's bag on she shoulder . nurse pauline another nurse will be in soon to take you blood and you vital . you can spend as much time as you like in here or you can go to the lounge , there 's coffee , tea and tv . I suggest you try to sleep and drink as much water as you can . we will check on you through the night just to make sure everything 's okay . any question ? laney when can I call my husband ? 40 4l 42 43 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 34 . nurse pauline we will give he regular update . the nurse give she a sympathetic look . she 's do this a million time but it 's never easy , she know the pain that 's about to follow . nurse pauline ( cont 'd ) you will do great . i’1l check on you later . int . blue hill - laney 's room - day 40 a series of shot of laney in she room , lay on she bed , roll over , sweat , itching . she venture into the lounge . int . blue hill lounge - continuous 41 laney try to watch tv , take in she surroundings . a heavy set man on a nearby vinyl couch be watch tv with no emotion . a young woman flip through a magazine though she do not seem to really pay attention to its content . laney eye both of they , back and forth , pay close attention to they disconnection and lifelessness . laney do not belong here , or do she ? she pace , look out the window , vacillate between frantic and resign . she make a run for the bathroom . int . blue hill - hallway bathroom — continuous 42 she lean over the toilet , dry heave , splashes water on she face . int . blue hill lounge - day - same 43 back in the lounge she spot nurse pauline . laney rush over to she in a panic . laney I really need to call my husband . this be a mistake , this be not the kind of place I should be in . nurse pauline you doctor will help you with that when you see he hon . 44 45 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 35 . laney ( angry ) then I want to see he now ! I need to see the doctor ! nurse pauline the first 48 hour be the worst . laney this be a fuck hospital , be it not ? why can not I see the fuck doctor ? nurse pauline take it easy . why do not you go back to you room and get some rest . this be the hard part hon . you 'il feel better soon . laney be shaking , fidget , piss off , sweat . she take a deep breath , the nurse put she arm around laney 's shoulder to escort she back to she room . laney throw she arm off . laney do not fuck touch I . nurse pauline be not phase . nurse pauline okay , hon . int . bathroom - day - same 44 laney walk into the bathroom , turn on the shower and wash she hair . she take a deep breath . instead of give in to the tear , laney take the bar of soap in she hand and begin angrily stabbing at the wall with it . this be she release . she get out of the shower , wrap herself in a towel and walk over to the sink . she stare at herself in the mirror , a pause , she look away . int . dr . page 's office - day - same 45 a psychiatrist 's office . DR. page ( mid -50s ) be sit behind a formidable wooden desk . laney be face he . leg cross . hand fold . dr . page since you be not talk I will assume this be accurate unless I hear otherwise . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 36 . he glance at a piece of paper on he desk . dr . page ( cont 'd ) you blood work show that you have cocaine , amphetamine , ambien and marijuana in you system . but no trace of lithium . I assume you stop take it . do you want to tell I why you stop take it ? laney do not respond . Dr. page have reach the height of he patience with laney 's silence though he remain calm . dr . page ( cont 'd ) nurse pauline tell I that you be desperate to go home . that you do not think you belong here . laney I do not . dr . page then why be you stay ? laney look at he with total surprise . DR. page ( cont 'd ) you be a adult . you do not have to be here . go home . he pick up the phone and hand she the receiver . dr . page ( cont 'd ) go ahead . laney I have a family . dr . page so? laney so -- so I can not just go home and do this all over again . he hang up the phone . somehow he 's make this she idea . dr . page where would you like to start ? laney be we really gonna do this ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 37 . dr . page we be . laney what 's more interesting to you , the drug or the daddy issue ? dr . page ( with humor ) I like to start with the daddy issue because it make for a very organic segue into the drug . laney mine will bore you . he leave when I be nine . he kiss I good night one night and I never see he again . shall we move on to the drug now ? dr . page we will get there . why be it that you never speak to you father again ? laney because he never call I . dr . page do you ever call he ? laney I do not know where he be . dr . page and now ? laney he 's upstate . my brother tell I that . dr . page so you brother talk to he ? laney he do . or he do . I do not know . we do not talk about my dad anymore . it always end in a fight . my mother be devastate when my dad leave . I guess I have hold on to that . my brother do not . dr . page do she remarry ? 46 47 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 38. laney a few year later . dr . page why do not you call he then ? laney he be the adult . why do not he call I ? dr . page why do you think he do not call you ? she take a moment . laney maybe have a family be not for everyone . maybe you think that 's the answer , that that 's what you be suppose to do because that 's what you have be program to do since you be a kid . but maybe that 's not right . I mean , you should not be allow to just make baby and fuck up other people 's life because you think you be suppose to adhere to this idea that everyone tell you be right . maybe he think he be do I a favor by leave . a beat . Dr. page be silent while laney contemplate what she 's just say . laney ( cont 'd ) can we talk about the drug now ? omitted 46 ext . meeting space - day 47 a emotionally exhaust laney exit the building , cigarette in hand . she search she pocket for a light . nothing . she break she cigarette and throw it on the ground , too upset to notice zack ( mid-30s ) sit on a nearby bench smoking a cigarette . zack it get easier . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 39 . Zack walk over to laney , hand she a cigarette and light it for she . he be boyishly good look , charismatic , and have a strong penchant for sarcasm . laney take a deep drag , eye Zack skeptically , exhales . laney when ? zack heh , I do not know yet . that 's just what they tell I . you just check in ? laney couple day ago . but I really should not be here . no offense , this just be not the kind of place I should be in . zack oh yeah ? what kind of place should you be in ? laney take a drag off she cigarette , search she surroundings for a answer but come up short . laney I do not know . not this place . it 's depress . zack yeah . I feel you . last week be good though . Whole staff be all freakin out . they fire one of the nurse . excite . laney for what ? smiling ? Zack laugh , he like she . zack no . she get catch have sex with a patient in a broom closet . laney no way . what happen to the patient ? zack just a slap on the wrist . Zack hold up he wrist to show she . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 40 . zack ( cont ’d ) bruise be almost go . laney look at Zack surprised . zack ( cont 'd ) I be Zack by the way . laney laney . zack Nice to meet you laney . laney likewise . they smile at each other , a immediate chemistry . Zack drop he cigarette on the ground and put it out with he shoe . zack when you figure out what kind of place you should be in let I know . maybe that 's where I should be too . Zack leave but look back at laney over he shoulder with a beguile smile . 48 int . lodge - day 48 laney pick up the pay phone , insert some quarter and call Bruce . one ring . two ring . she begin to fidget , wrap the phone cord around she finger . Three ring . then ... bruce ( v.0o . ) hello ? laney hey . bruce ( v.o . ) hey . how 's it go ? in the background laney can hear cartoon , kid , minor chaos . laney uh , it 's good . it 's go good . how be you guy do ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 41 . bruce ( v.o. ) good . kid be wipe out . get ready for bed . Big day ice - skate . laney you go ice-skate ? without I ? bruce ( v.0o . ) laney -- laney we always go ice-skate together . laney be get agitate . laney ( cont 'd ) it 's kind of we thing . bruce ( v.0o . ) yeah , I know Lane but you be not here . would you rather I do not take they ? laney no , it 's just I should have be there . laney fight back tear . a nurse approach she with a small tray in he hand , a handful of small paper cup with name on they , and equal amount of cup of water . he hand she the '' laney '' cup , she turn she back to he . he tap she shoulder and she turn around and take the med without argument . bruce ( v.0o . ) it 's only be a week Lane . just focus on get better . the kid need you , I need you . janey can be hear call , '' daddy ! '' in the background . a beat . bruce ( v.o. ) I be sorry , Lane . I gotta go . laney wait , can I say good night ? bruce ( v.0o . ) I do not want to upset they before bed . we will see you at family visit . 49 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 42. janey call for '' daddy ! '' again . bruce I be sorry , laney . I have to go . I love you . we all love you and miss you here . laney I love you too . laney hang up the phone and break down . ext . lodge - evening 49 it 's cold out but laney do not seem to mind it . she sit alone on the porch and contemplate the starlit sky . Zack join she . zack I understand if you have a death wish but it suck when you only get pneumonia and can not take the good med . Zack take he jacket off and wrap it around laney 's shoulder . he sit down next to she , hand she a cigarette , light it . light he own . laney thanks . they sit for a moment stare at the sky until laney , fight tear , break the silence . laney bite a cuticle . Zack see she wedding band . zack how long have you be marry ? laney forever . zack lucky guy . laney be flatter but restrain herself . laney not sure he have agree with that . but thanks . ( pause ) how fuck great would a shot of tequila be right now ? 50 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 43 . zack with a little lime . laney and salt . Zack hold out he cigarette to hers , they bump they together . zack cheer . laney cheer . int . blue hill cafeteria - day 50 it 's visit day . the room be fill with visitors . Zack sit close to a beautiful , wholesome , blond . he tuck a lock of hair behind she ear . laney watch the exchange . janey and eli be in line for dessert . Bruce and laney be sit at a table . some time have pass . laney look much better , clear eye . Bruce push he food around with he fork . bruce you look great . you feel better ? laney I be . bruce do you feel like you be make progress ? laney why do not you just say what you be think ? bruce why be you so angry ? laney I be not angry . laney glance at eli and janey at the dessert table . laney ( cont 'd ) I be not . I be not angry . I be scared Bruce . I be scared of everything . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 44 , bruce like what ? what be you scared of ? laney everything . I know you think that if I just take my medication that everything will go back to the way it be but it 's bigger than that . laney glance back at eli . laney ( cont 'd ) what 's eli do with he eye ? we see eli twitch . laney ( cont 'd ) when do he start do that ? Bruce do not say anything . laney ( cont 'd ) be he do that in school ? bruce I do not know . no one 's call I about it . laney you can not wait for someone to call you . what if kid be make fun of he ? you have to call he teacher and find out what 's happen . the both watch eli for a moment , still twitching . laney ( cont 'd ) promise I you will call he teacher . Bruce put he hand on top of hers . bruce I promise Lane . I x11 make sure he 's okay . laney take a breath and pull she hand away . laney I need to tell you something Bruce . I need to tell you some thing , some really fuck terrible thing I do when I be not think clearly but I need you to know so I ... so we can start fresh . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 45 . bruce do not do this now laney . you have get a lot on you mind . laney no this be important . I need to do this -- Bruce look over at the kid pile they plate high with brownie . bruce come on guy , that 's enough . come sit down . the kid return , all smile . janey they have chocolate cake and brownie daddy ! I like it here ! Bruce pull janey onto he lap , a human shield . laney fight the tear and muster a fake smile for janey . Bruce meet laney 's eye , but he have to look away . ext . blue hill parking lot - day - same laney be hold eli 's hand as they walk down a path toward the parking lot . ( eli have he huge knapsack on he back . ) Bruce and janey be walk ahead of they . eli I bring you something . as he look at she he roll he eye back in he head , twitches they , squeeze they open and shut , roll they again . he do not seem to notice that a ferocious tick have take over he eyeball . Bruce and laney look at each other , there be no word . Bruce shake he head and shrug , unlock the door . eli drop he knapsack to the ground , open it and begin digging . eli ( cont 'd ) I make this for you . he hand she a hard object wrap in newspaper . it say '' mom '' in purple crayon . laney unwrap the gift . it be perhaps the most beautiful thing she have ever see . laney you make I a dream catcher ? 52 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 46 . eli , still eye twitching . eli yep . no more bad dream . laney it 's beautiful E. thank you . the kid get in the car . she help buckle they in . give they each a kiss goodbye . Bruce come around to she side of the car to say goodbye . laney have tear in she eye . laney ( cont 'd ) promise I you will call the school psychologist or eli 's teacher first thing in the morning . Bruce put he hand on she shoulder . bruce focus on get better Lane . so you can come home . we need you . he kiss she . bruce ( cont 'd ) I need you . they get in the car . laney stand in the parking lot and wave as she watch they drive away . in the background we see a woman ( 60' ) hugging two young men goodbye . as both car be pull out of the parking lot we see laney and the woman both stand alone , 20 foot away from each other , laney with the dream catcher in she hand . they be the same . no word be exchange . yet there be a implicit understanding between they : if only they could be in that car . if only it be as simple as drive away . ext . hospital path - day 52 laney be jogging along the path . Zack run up beside she . zack hey ! laney hey . zack you have be avoid I for a while now and I be start to take it personally . ( more ) pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 47 . zack ( cont 'd ) though it 's hard to imagine I could ever do anything wrong . laney I be not avoid you . laney do not look at Zack . laney ( cont 'd ) I take up read . zack reading be good . ( pause ) be you piss at I or something ? laney why would I be piss at you ? laney keep run , Zack stop , out of breath . zack can you just stop for a minute ? laney stop , turn around . they be both breathe heavily . zack ( cont ’d ) I do not know you just seem piss . everything okay ? kid okay ? laney everything 's fine . good actually . I have be work really hard in therapy . finally get somewhere . what about you ? how 's you girlfriend ? zack my girlfriend ? laney the girl who come on visit day . the blond . zack sienna ? sienna be good . laney that 's great . happy to hear that . Zack look at she with grave curiosity . a charming smile spread across he face . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 48 . zack you be jealous ? that 's what this be about ? laney be embarrassed . for the first time we see she vulnerable . zack ( cont ’d ) I do not mean to be the messenger of irony or anything but you be marry . so unless you be not tell I something ... laney I know , you be right . maybe I be jealous . Zack kiss she , she give in for a moment before she push he away . zack whoa . I be kinda get mix signal here . laney I be sorry . God . I be really sorry . Zack look away , uncomfortable . laney place a hand on he cheek and force he to look at she . this be laney . vulnerable . sweet. spoil . Lovely . laney ( cont 'd ) Zack - listen to I . I have make some really stupid decision in my life . and as much as I have love to be with you it would just be one more bad choice . I need to remember how to be a friend . you know ? I want to be a friend to you . a good friend . and I need to remember how to be a good wife and mother . how to just - be a real person . I have spend so much time run away from my problem because I do not want to feel any pain and I have fuck up everything in my life . good thing . zack I hear that . and you be a real person laney . a great person . 53 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 49 , laney thank you . I be work on it . I have gotta try . I deserve to try . my kid deserve that . Zack take in he feeling for a moment before he mask they with he trademark humor . zack so I guess I will not be get you in the broom closet then ? they laugh and laney look at Zack with pure endearment and gratitude . they hug each other , long and honest . laney I have to go . see you at movie night ? zack yeah . popcorn 's on I . as she walk towards the camera , Zack call from behind she in the distance . zack ( cont ’d ) by the way - sienna be my sister ! laney stop for a moment of surprise . she smile to herself , and keep walk . int . dr . page 's office - day - same 53 laney sit on she familiar chair , Dr. page sit in he chair behind the desk . they be observe each other in silence . laney you know the night before I come here , even with everything I do that night , I go into eli 's room to check on he . I sit down on the edge of he bed . I just want to watch he breathe . and I think to myself , he will never know . neither of they will ever know how hard I try not to hurt they . a beat . laney ( cont 'd ) be I gonna fuck this up ? I really do not want to fuck this up . 54 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 50 . dr . page have some faith in yourself laney . you have make unbelievable progress since you get here . do not you see that ? laney I do . thank you for make I stay . dr . page I do not make you stay . that be you choice . and it be a good one . laney smile at Dr. page . he have empower she . int . blue hill lobby - day 54 laney say goodbye to nurse pauline and give she a heartfelt hug . Zack walk over . zack tell I you be not go to leave without say goodbye . laney smile . laney I suck at good - by . zack I be go to miss you . laney glance through the window and see Bruce drive up . laney I be gonna miss you too Zack . will you call I when you be out ? zack yep . I think I be gonna hang here for a couple more week though . nothing for I to rush home to . laney I think that 's a great idea . laney give Zack a big hug . laney ( cont 'd ) my ride be here . Zack look out the door and see Bruce wait against the car . 55 56 57 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 51 . zack that 's the guy you blow I off for ? I could totally take that guy . they laugh like two old friend with a inside joke . zack ( cont ’d ) go on . get outta here and do not come back . he smile . laney grab she bag and walk out the door . ext . blue hill hospital - day - continuous 55 Bruce be lean against the side of the run car . laney walk out the door , look at she husband . he smile at she and to she surprise , without try , she smile back . ext . brook 's house - night - same 56 a handmade '' welcome Home mommy '' sign be hang ( half on / half off ) the front door . laney 's suv be park in the driveway . light be glow from inside the home int . kitchen - night - continuous 57 laney and janey be icing a cake . there be a fire in the fireplace . it 's a lovely and traditional scene . janey be wear a nightgown . eli be wear a knick Jersey . bingo be try to jump up , look for attention . laney eli , want to ice the cake with we ? eli no thanks . janey start whining that she can not get it perfect . janey it 's not the way I picture it . it 's not perfect . janey be get really upset . laney bend down , wrap she arm around she . laney it be perfect . it 's beautiful . janey no it 's not . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 52 . janey begin sobbing . laney try to calm she down . eli walk over , put he arm around he sister 's shoulder . laney look at he unsure , desperate almost . laney I do not understand why you be cry . it 's a beautiful cake . be not it eli ? eli I like it . Bruce come up the stair . bruce basement 's dry . Bruce see janey cry . bruce ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? laney she do not like she cake . bruce but that 's a great cake janey . it 's the best cake I have ever see . janey really ? bruce really . can I smell it ? do it smell as good as it look ? janey okay . Bruce lean over the cake and purposely put he nose in the frosting . janey start giggle . bruce yep , it smell as good as it look ! janey daddy ! bruce what ? janey you nose ! pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 53 . bruce what 's wrong with my nose ? Bruce pretend like he do not know there be frosting on he nose . he feel all around he face , everywhere but the frosting on he nose . janey be now laugh . janey I want to smell it ! janey stick she nose in the frosting . Bruce motion to she nose . bruce oh , you have get a little something . pretend she do not know . janey what ? bruce just a little .... janey what ? laney come over , aware of the fun . laney can I smell ? janey yes ! smell it mommy ! it smell great ! laney lean over to smell the cake , Bruce push she head into it a little further , teasingly . laney have frosting cover she nose and a bit of she face . laney that be the best smell cake . it really be . eli watch the happy moment , for now he 's a outsider as Bruce , laney and janey play with the cake and laugh . bruce hey E , come smell the cake ! eli shrug he shoulder . he 's not buy into the happy family yet . laney understand . in the midst of the fun , the power go out . it 's pitch black . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 54 . janey mommy ! laney it 's okay muffin , the power just go out . it will be back soon . Bruce can you find some candle ? Bruce retrieve a handful of candle from a kitchen drawer . he light one , we can see a little . laney help he to light more . janey be quietly cry . in a matter of second the kitchen be light up , candle all around . candlelight and nose full of frosting . bruce ( to janey ) see ? look at that ! laney ( to janey ) better ? janey sort of . bruce here , here 's one just for you . Bruce put a candle in the cake right next to janey who be still lightly sobbing . bruce ( cont 'd ) you ready ? janey yes . Bruce light the candle , which light up janey 's face . her cry fade . bruce ( begin to sing softly ) this little light of mine , I be gonna let it shine . this little light of mine I be gonna let it shine . laney cautiously join in . laney and bruce this little light of mine , I be gonna let it shine , let it shine let it shine let it shine . 58 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 55 . Bruce take laney 's hand , this be a very happy and romantic scene . he begin to dance with she , both with frost nose and somewhat cautious . eli can not help but watch , hint of a smile on he face . janey be smile ear to ear . she join in sing . bruce , laney and janey down in my heart , I be gonna let it shine . down in my heart , I be gonna let it shine . Bruce take janey 's hand and pull she off the bar stool . he start to dance with she . she smile . laney turn to eli , wave he over . he resist , hand in pocket . she wave he over again . this time he come . bruce , laney and janey ( cont ’d ) down in my heart , I be gonna let it shine , let it shine , let it shine let it shine . now they be all dance in the kitchen by candlelight . laney take a swipe of icing off she nose and put it on eli 's . they be all laugh . Bruce put he arm around laney , lick she nose playfully , they continue to dance . pull back : the camera begin to pull back revealing the glow kitchen , the family be dance , they voice fade . ext . school hallway - day 58 laney be stand in the hallway just outside the elementary school guidance councilor 's office . she be wear she parent badge around she neck , janey next to she be wear she tiara . eli and Bruce be play with he iphone . a mom be pass through the hallway . laney hey jessica ! jessica give laney a dismissive smile and wave , carry on down the hall . laney be slightly deject , Bruce see the exchange . bruce ignore it . mr . odesky , the guidance councilor , open 's he office door . mr . odesky come on in . ( to eli and janey ) ( more ) 59 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 56 . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) I be go to speak to you mom and dad for a few minute . can you wait right here ? eli and janey okay . int . mr. odesky 's office - continuous 59 Mr. odesky motion for laney and Bruce to sit . mr . odesky Nice to meet you both . Mr. odesky take he chair behind he desk and motion to the empty chair across from he . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) please , take a seat . Mr. odesky have a file on he desk which he seem to be familiar with . a beat . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) how 's the re-entry go ? bruce a little choppy . laney he hate I . bruce he do not hate you . laney he have not forgiven I yet . mr . odesky you need to give he time . build back he trust . he 's scared you be go to leave again . that 's a rational fear . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) I be glad you call I Mr. brook . I think we need to be proactive in this situation . Mrs. Zeldis be concerned about eli 's recent behavior in class . ( more ) pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 57 . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) one of the issue 's be that he 's be disruptive . bruce how so ? mr . odesky he interrupt Mrs. Zeldis in the middle of she lesson - ask question he know the answer to . it 's a way to get attention . she 's work on that . but what concern I more be he ritual . the eye blink , the constant pencil sharpen . recently he 's start a pattern with tapping he foot . Bruce and laney look at each other . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) this behavior suggest anxiety ; the ritual be a way for eli to stay in control . laney look uncomfortable . mr . odesky ( cont 'd ) it 's not unusual but it become a problem when the ritual get in the way of function . when they become all consume . bruce so what do we do ? mr . odesky in my opinion eli need to see a specialist . perhaps start with cognitive behavior therapy . or perhaps he can even benefit from medication . bruce medication ? laney ( to Bruce ) this be my fault . he have my gene . bruce stop it . 60 61 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 58. laney ( under she breath ) he never have a chance . int . school hallway - day - same 60 eli be read '' the Three Little Pigs '' to janey . eli and this little piggy go weeeeee weeeeee weeeee all the way home . he tickle she . laney and Bruce exit office and be meet with they laughter . a relief . bruce anyone here in the mood for some ice cream !? eli and janey me! laney smile . she take eli 's hand , Bruce and janey follow . ext . elementary school - day - continuous 61 Bruce , laney , eli and janey be walk to the car . laney and eli still hold hand . eli do you go to rehab because you be a drug addict ? laney look to Bruce . Bruce shake he head . he 's irritate . laney no . of course not . where do you get that idea ? eli John frye say you be a drug addict and that 's why you go to rehab . janey drug be bad mommy . bruce that 's not why she be there eli. John frye be just try to get you goat . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 59 . janey eli do not have a goat . eli then why be you there ? laney stop walk and turn to eli . she bend down on she knee and put she hand on he back , bring he closer to she . his eye start twitching . laney I be have some trouble in my mind . and because of that trouble I start do some thing that I should not have be do . eli then why do you do they ? laney well , it 's complicated . laney cup she hand gently around he eye as if to calm they and stop the twitching . laney ( cont 'd ) but I see a doctor who be very smart and he help I make sense of my trouble . and now I feel a lot better . eli do Mr. odesky tell you to send I to rehab too ? laney hug he tight . Bruce look away . 62 int . ice cream parlour - day - same 62 all four be look in the window at the flavor of ice cream . eli what be you get mom ? laney I do not know yet . there be a pimply teenager behind the counter . teenager what 's it gonna be ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 60 . janey I want the pink one please . laney and I ‘1ll have a small scoop of chocolate . kid size . teenager we do not do kid size for adult . laney 's instinct be to get irritate . she calm herself . laney I will pay for a regular scoop - just make it in a kid cup . teenager I can not do that either . I would have to charge you for the cup size I give you . laney ( deep breath ) Fine . i’1l have a small . bruce I will have a scoop of vanilla on a sugar cone . the teenager give they they order . teenager and the little man ? laney wait for eli to make he choice but eli do not say anything . his eye start contort furiously . bruce what do you want eli ? Rocky Road ? no answer . laney which one eli ? e? what be you do ? eli the line . look at the ice cream mom . see how the edge of the container do not connect to each other ? and the floor be crooked ? if I do this with my eye - 62a 63 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 61 . eli roll he eye up into he head , hold they there , blink hard . eli ( cont 'd ) it make they all straight and I can figure everything out . laney take a deep breath . she look to Bruce for help . Bruce get down on he knee . bruce you know buddy , straighten out all the uneven line in the world be a big job . let 's just pick a good flavor for now . int . laney 's bathroom —- morning 62a laney finish brush she tooth , spit , rinse she toothbrush . she open the medicine cabinet , put she toothbrush away and take out a bottle of medication . she unscrew the cap and tap a pill into the palm of she hand , put it in she mouth and draw some water out of the faucet to wash it down . laney close the medicine cabinet , glance at herself in the mirror . she fix she hair , tilt she head . she be content with what she see . int . toy store - day 63 laney and eli be peruse the super-hero aisle of a toy store . eli hold a plastic baggy fill with crumpled bill and coin . eli Mom ! look at this one ! it 's so cool . laney really cool . just then donny and Henry come around the corner . donny have that split second where one decide if they pretend not to see you , or face the music . in that same second , Henry spot eli. decision make . laney and donny be both take off guard . henry eli! eli hey Henry ! pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 62. donny look who 's here ! laney hey donny . hey Henry . donny and laney give each other a weak hug . donny good to see you back . laney thanks . good to be back . Henry and eli try to solve the superhero dilemma . henry which one be you get ? eli I have to see what I can afford . I have fourteen dollar and eighty - two cent . henry wow . that 's a lot . eli I guess so . donny I would pick a superhero if I be you eli . personally , I always want to be the kind of superhero that swoops down , rescue the woman from the burn building and fly she to safety . this be clearly for laney 's benefit . henry so you can not be batman cuz he do not fly . eli and spiderman do not really fly , he swing . donny what do you guy think ? what kind of superhero should I be ? maybe superman ? I have be a good superman , heh ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 63 . behind donny , Susan come walk down the aisle carry a infant seat . she 's very noticeably pregnant . laney can not believe she eye . laney look like you be already a superhero donny . Susan approach laney with a warm smile and a hug . susan laney ! so good to see you ! I have miss you ! laney I have no idea you be pregnant ! you be glow ! susan oh bullshit . I look like shit and I feel like shit . but I be almost halfway through , thankfully . donny be uncomfortable , laney do some math in she head . laney that 's great . really great you two . congratulation . susan hey - do you get my message ? about my birthday party ? laney yes ! I be so sorry . I do , I have just be so busy try to catch up on thing -- susan it 's fine ! I just want to make sure you know it 's no pressure . really . I totally understand if you would rather skip it . laney no , we be look forward to it . eli interrupt , thrilled with he choice . eli can I get this one mom ? laney sure . 64 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 64 . donny good choice my man . laney put she arm around eli 's shoulder . laney we have to get go E. ( to donny and Susan ) see you next weekend ? donny sheryl see you soon . can not wait ! int . janey' bedroom - night 64 it 's bedtime . janey 's wear a adorable nightgown . janey snuggle beneath the cover . janey I have a wish . laney what 's you wish ? janey I can not tell it to you . laney why ? janey because it will not come true . laney who tell you that ? janey I do not remember . laney well , whoever tell you that must not know about the ' mommy clause . 's janey the ' mommy clause ? 's laney you can always tell you mommy a wish . janey good . 65 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 65 . janey throw she arm around laney 's shoulder . janey ( cont 'd ) I wish you would love I forever . laney you never have to worry about that , baby . I x11 always love you . janey forever ? laney forever . now close you be eye , it 's bedtime . janey be you go somewhere ? laney I tell you honey - mommy and daddy be go to a birthday party . janey no ! do not go ! I do not want you to leave ! janey go from 0 to 60 in a second . a full blow tantrum ensue . laney janey we be just go for a few hour ! i’1l be here when you wake up in the morning ! janey no ! no ! do not leave I ! mommy ! stay here ! Bruce have obviously hear the scream and he appear in the doorway wear a suit . janey throw she arm around laney as if she can stop she - all the while scream and cry . laney look to Bruce for help , Bruce let 's out a deep sigh of frustration . janey ( cont 'd ) you can not leave I mommy ! int . private party room - night - same 65 Bruce and laney be mid slow - dance on the dance floor but laney be a million mile away . 66 67 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 66 . bruce hey . you okay ? laney just shake she head , she 's seem overwhelm with sadness . a tear stream down she cheek . bruce ( cont 'd ) it 's just separation anxiety Lane . all kid do that . laney I know - they dance for a moment longer . laney ( cont 'd ) I be go to go call they okay ? Bruce nod . bruce of course . I x11 be at the table . omitted 66 ext . outside restaurant - night - continuous 67 laney reach into she bag and pull out a cigarette . when she look up donny be face she . he 's obviously follow she out of the restaurant . donny the way you move out there on the dance floor - if I be Bruce I would get you you own pole . laney put the cigarette in she mouth . donny ( cont 'd ) Light ? donny pull a lighter out of he jacket pocket and light she cigarette . donny ( cont 'd ) you look great . laney do i? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 67 . donny like a million buck . laney thanks . laney glance at she reflection in the club 's window . she push she hair behind she ear . donny you know , I be go to call you but then I think I would do enough , you know . cause enough damage . laney it be not you fault , donny . you could have be any man . donny ( insulted ) really ? laney I do not mean it like that . I just mean that I be look for something - guess I be still look . of course , it make it harder that I do not know what I be look for . laney 's amused . laney ( cont 'd ) you be there and willing , and I think - well it do not matter . do not worry . you do not drive I to rehab . donny be perversely disappointed . donny I take you advice . Susan and I - we have be work it out . laney I see . donny I do not know . when we have we thing -- I do not know she be pregnant . laney we thing ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 68 . donny I want to make sure you know I have no idea . laney I do not know what you be talk about . donny wait a beat . he be , in spite of he wounded ego , appreciative . donny thanks . I be here for you , you know . if you ever need anything . call I . laney yeah . thanks . donny open the door to return to the party , stop a beat and then ... donny I mean . not my house . call my office . you need anything you talk to janine . okay ? anything . laney smirk , acutely aware of he audacity . donny dig he cigarette into the concrete with he shoe and make he way back into the restaurant . laney dial a number on she cell phone and hold it against she ear . eli ( 0.s. ) hello ? laney it 's mommy . how be you ? eli ( 0.s. ) okay . laney you sure ? eli ( 0.s. ) I be sure . laney that 's good . you sister sleep ? eli ( 0.s. ) she 's sleep . 68 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 69 . laney eli ? eli ( 0.s. ) yeah ? laney you know I love you right ? eli ( 0.s. ) yeah . laney Nah . not really . not how much . laney can hear he breathe . laney ( cont 'd ) I want you to promise I E. promise I that you will always remember that I love you . that I really really love you . eli ( 0.s. ) okay , I promise . laney take she forefinger and wipe under each of she eye . eli ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Mom , can I go now ? I be gonna miss the rest of the game . laney of course . go. good night sweetheart . int . private party - night - same 68 Bruce and laney be sit at a table near the dance floor with david blackman ( mid-fifty ) and he trophy wife katrina ( mid-twenty ) . David be a slick look garmento , Katrina have quite the jewelry wardrobe . the table be rife with alcohol . bruce I cover all of that in the book but to answer you question , there really be no such thing as have too much life insurance . especially if you be plan on have more kid . ( more ) pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 70 . bruce ( cont 'd ) and no offense David because you look like you be in great shape , but I be guess Katrina be go to outlive you . Bruce be playfully ribbing he while expertly navigate the water of business and personal . David laugh , he obviously find Bruce charming . david that 's my plan . plucked this one straight out of high school . Katrina elbow he and smile . katrina I be almost out of college . bruce well , the book cover lot of unique scenario . I see it like this David . there 's a bible for the afterlife . I write the bible for the here and now . david well it sound brilliant . the whole notion of hedge you bet against God . a waiter arrive with a tray of cocktail . laney pull a lollipop out of she purse and start suck on it . katrina you know , I have always dream of write a book . how do you do it , Bruce ? do you just sit down and type what you be think into a computer or do you pay someone to help you ? bruce it 's sentence by sentence . anyone can do it . call I anytime . I would be happy to help you . Bruce take he business card out of he wallet , pass it across the table . he be a professional . laney what do you want to write a book about ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 71 . katrina like , maybe a child 's book or something . I be not sure yet . laney feign interest in she . laney you know Katrina , I be think of write a book too . katrina really , on what ? laney on prostitution . bruce ( embarrassed ) prostitution ? honey what do you know about prostitution ? laney well I have be think about it . prostitution be the perfect example of hypocrisy . it 's illegal to sell you body . but when you be rich it 's perfectly acceptable . we just call it be a wife . Bruce look at she with harden eye . laney smile , return the stare . laney ( cont 'd ) what do you think Katrina ? Katrina do not know how to respond . across the room donny tap a spoon against a champagne glass . the guest quiet . donny I would like to make a toast to my beautiful wife . Susan 's right up next to he , beam . donny ( cont 'd ) I know you guy be here to dance and have fun so I be go to make this short . suze , I just want you to know , when I drive away to work each morning and see you there wave to I , Henry by you side , all I be think be how fast can I get back to you . thank you for put up with I . ( more ) 69 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 72. donny ( cont 'd ) I know I can be a real pain - in - the - ass sometimes . happy birthday honey . the room quiet for a collective awwwww . donny put he hand on Susan 's pregnant belly . donny ( cont 'd ) and thank you for this . he turn to the audience . donny ( cont 'd ) can you believe it ? another baby this woman 's have with I . she 's a saint . donny draw Susan close and begin kissing she . laney smile and clap in synchronicity with the guest . int . laney and bruce 's bedroom - night - same 69 laney be stretch out on the bed . she watch Bruce as he undoe he tie , unbutton he shirt . laney when be you gonna to talk to I ? bruce why would you do that ? say you be go to check on the kid and then you come back babbling about prostitution ? I be this close to get David blackman as a client . laney I know . bruce do you ? do you have any idea how hard I work to keep it all go ? because you act like it 's all some big joke . like what I do for a live be beneath you somehow . laney I say I be sorry . I really be . and I do know how hard you work . I do not know what I be think . come here . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 73 . laney pat the side of the bed with she hand . Bruce relax and sit down next to she . laney take he hand and look at he sweetly . he smile at she , understanding . laney ( cont 'd ) I really be sorry . it be out of line . she be just such a -- bruce prostitute ? they laugh , real and true . finally a joke not at they own expense . a silent moment pass while Bruce change he tune . bruce ( cont 'd ) come with I to the conference this weekend . laney I do not know Bruce . you know how that thing be . everybody 's shit - face for three straight day . bruce not we . nothing stronger than water for I either . we can lay in bed . get a massage . laney what about the kid ? bruce they can stay with my sister . laney they be have a hard enough time as it be . bruce they will be fine . happy parent make happy kid . we need this . come on . a road trip . laney glance up at the ceiling . she roll over to face he . his eye be earnest . warm . laney what if I run into my dad ? Bruce be sadden by this . bruce we do not have to leave the hotel . 70 71 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 74 . Bruce take laney into he arm , kiss she forehead . bruce ( cont 'd ) just think about it . you look tired . he turn off the lamp , fluff he pillow and roll onto he side . laney stare at the ceiling . a moment pass . laney I nil go with you . on : Bruce . a softness come to he face . he reach around she waist and pull she close into spoon position , kiss the back of she head and close he eye . bruce thank you . a moment pass . laney God I hate upstate . bruce you do not hate upstate . you hate you dad . laney I think I hate both . can not I hate both ? Bruce chuckle , hold she tight . bruce yes . you can hate both . ext . exterior shot of lake GEORGE HOTEL - day 70 int . HOTEL room - day 71 Bruce be watch laney sleep . he push a lock of hair from she forehead , waking she . bruce rise and shine beautiful . laney reluctantly wake . she see the room service cart . bruce ( cont 'd ) pancake and coffee . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 75 . laney smile . laney Bacon ? bruce of course ! laney sit up . a tuxedo and a gown be hang on a door . laney I have to call housekeep to get that steam . she pick up the phone to dial and Bruce stop she . bruce wait a sec - he hand she a cup of coffee and a small jewelry box . laney oh no . what do you do ? Bruce smile . Inside the box be a beautiful diamond wedding band . laney be deeply touch . laney ( cont 'd ) who would have think you have be able to give I a ring like this ? Bruce kiss she forehead . laney ( cont 'd ) tell I the newsstand Story . bruce the newsstand Story ? you do not want to hear the newsstand Story . laney I do . I want to hear the newsstand Story . please ? and I want a massage . bruce High maintenance . okay , roll over . laney roll over , a gentle smile on she face . bruce ( cont 'd ) once upon a time there be this incredibly good look kid . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 76 . laney awkward . bruce oh yeah , different story . once upon a time there be this incredibly awkward kid from teaneck . he use to make a couple buck rack magazine at a store around the corner from he house . he be usually bored out of he skull but one day this knockout come in . Long black hair . Long thin leg . and she even have nice ... Bruce hold he hand out in front of he chest , mimick giant boob . bruce ( cont 'd ) and there be something about she . her eye , they seem ... sweet . laney seem sweet or be sweet ? bruce just let I tell the story . so he start dress up a little for work -- laney bullshit . he wear t-shirt bruce if you know how carefully he select they for fit and color -- laney laugh . bruce ( cont 'd ) Point be , everyday , all he could think about be the next time she would come back . laney awwww . bruce then one day she come in and ask the old man behind the counter to get she a pack of smoke . ( more ) pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 77 . bruce ( cont 'd ) when he turn around , she boost a candy bar and stick it down she pants , pay for she cigarettes and walk out . but before she leave she turn around and give the kid this big huge smile . blew he mind . he think -- " this chick be hot and crazy . '' so he follow she out of the store think he be gonna get the nerve to talk to she . but then ... then she do the thing that just own he . she go around the corner and give the candy bar to the homeless guy who live in the alley . kid be do . from that moment she own he . he want to marry that girl . laney and do he ? bruce yes he do . laney even though she tell he not to ? bruce yep . even though you tell I not to . laney you know there 's something really wrong with you , right ? Bruce run he finger through she hair and give she a soft kiss . bruce I have marry you a hundred time . they share a loving moment in silence . Bruce glance at he watch and start to get off the bed . bruce ( cont 'd ) I be gonna hop in the shower , do not want to be late . laney pull he back into bed . laney let 's fuck first . 72 73 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 78. int . HOTEL room - day - same 72 Bruce , in a casual suit , grin the grin of the satiate man . bruce you sure you do not want to go with I ? laney as much as I love a good insurance seminar ... bruce very funny . i’1l be back by five to shower . cocktail at six . Award at seven . laney I ’1ll be ready . bruce I call the concierge . he say there 's a aa meeting not far . just a cab ride . think about it ? laney of course . she open a prescription container , pop a pill and smile for Bruce 's benefit . Bruce give laney a kiss on the cheek and she follow he to the door . laney ( cont 'd ) have a good time . across the hall a elderly man struggle slightly to slide the dirty room service tray out of he room and into the hallway . laney watch he intently . he smile at she and close the door . int . taxi - day - continuous 73 laney be in the backseat of a move taxi . she take a cigarette out of she bag . laney mind if I smoke ? the driver respond by roll down the window . laney light she cigarette . 74 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 79 . they pass through a series of neighborhood before they pull up to a modest but charming ranch house . laney get out of the cab and walk up the driveway . ext . laney 's father 's house - continuous 74 laney ring the doorbell . daisy ( 10 ) answer the door . laney glance at the number on the door to make sure she have the right house . laney oh-hello , be - ah - roger ( 0.s. ) sweetheart you have to ask who it be before you open the door . laney stare at Daisy for a moment before she turn she gaze to Roger who be walk toward the door . awkward silence . it take he second but then he realize - take a breath and instinctively put a protective arm around Daisy 's shoulder - the way one would do when confront by a stranger . roger ( cont 'd ) Elaine ? Roger be silent , stare in amazement . Daisy look up to he in confusion . laney hi. roger uh-come in . what a surprise . uh Daisy - this be Elaine . she 's - laney reach she hand out to shake Daisy 's . laney I know you dad a long time ago . you can call I laney . daisy do you like doll house ? laney yes . very much . daisy I and my daddy be play with mine . want to see it ? the door close . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 80 . 75 int . daisy 's bedroom - day - same 75 a dream bedroom for a little girl : barbie doll and stuff animal . a canopy bed . there be several frame family photo on a book shelf . laney take they in . daisy do you have a dollhouse when you be little ? laney I sure do . daisy what color ? roger yellow with blue shutter . laney look at she father . a moment be have between they . laney collect the wooden family member . one by one she bring they into the live room , seat they on the couch . the mother in she checker apron , the father , daughter between they , baby in bassinet . laney I like it better when everyone 's in the same room . daisy I too . can I show she my bike daddy ? 76 ext . roger 's house - same 76 Roger help Daisy put she bike helmet on . laney wow , a helmet . huh . roger all this law - all this PC garbage to keep you kid safe . the helmet , the car seat , the this and that . they do not have that when you be a kid and look at you ! you get through it just fine . laney yeah . just fine dad . a long , awkward silence as they watch Daisy ride around on she bike . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) roger she love that bike . get it for she eighth birthday . ( pause ) I be right about she age when I hit my first home run . I be so excited I run all the way home from school . completely out of my mind . p-o- P. bring in three run . Roger never take he eye off Daisy . roger ( cont 'd ) Daisy ! slow down around the corner honey . you be gonna fall . Daisy slow down . roger ( cont 'd ) I take the stair two at a time , ' ma ! ' I shout , ' ma ! ' I could not wait to tell she . I do not even knock ; I just bust right into she bedroom . and there she be , unconscious . face down on the floor in a pool of she own vomit . laney you never tell I that . roger you be too young . drank herself to death . I do not even think you mother know that . take I until I be fifty to stop be angry . 81 . something about the way Roger communicate this , he tone , the way he look at laney and the concern in he eye , give it away . laney who tell you ? roger you brother . laney take a minute to process . laney I be not angry , dad . roger of course you be . they watch Daisy pedal along the driveway . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 82. roger ( cont 'd ) I be think , maybe I 'il bring Daisy to the city this summer . laney 's far away . laney why do not you call I ? roger you be in the hospital . I do not think it be the right time . laney why do not you call I for the thirty year before that ? Roger do not have a answer . laney ( cont 'd ) I need to get go dad . can I use you bathroom ? roger of course . first door on you right . 77 int . daisy 's bedroom - day - same 77 laney walk into Daisy 's room . she take it in : the canopy bed , the collection of teddy bear , the doll house . laney kneel , run she finger across each of they head . then she take the father and drop he in she bag . 78 ext . roger 's house 78 laney come out of the house . a taxi be wait . roger I would have be happy to drive you back to you hotel . laney walk over to Daisy . give she a hug . laney it be nice to meet you Daisy . take good care of you daddy . Daisy do not really understand this but she smile . laney ( cont 'd ) and you take care of she , okay ? 78 a 78b 79 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 83. Roger understand the implication of laney 's word . he ’1ll get it right this time . he open he arm , hesitates . roger can I ? laney nod , but barely . Roger wrap he arm around she shoulder . roger ( cont 'd ) you know , I never stop loving you Elaine . laney I know dad . laney step into the taxi and Roger carefully close the door . laney ( to the driver ) ( cont 'd ) we can go now . through the window laney see Daisy wave and she father wiping tear from he eye . int . taxi cab - day - continuous 78a laney sink . she take a deep breath , follow it with another no matter how much air she take in it be not enough . she can not seem to catch she breath . she put she head between she leg and continue to breathe deeply , pull she head up again , stretch out she back . the taxi driver adjust he rearview mirror . int . HOTEL lobby - day - continuous 78b laney reach into she bag , take out she phone and dial . the phone ring . we hear Bruce 's voice mail . bruce ( v.0 . ) hey , you reach Bruce - laney toss the phone back into she bag . deflate . she eye the lobby bar . int . lobby bar - day - same 79 laney sit down at a empty bar . there be a handsome bartender ( early 30' ) clean glass , he hair pull back in a ponytail . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 84. bartender what x11 it be ? laney a couple of xanax would be great . bartender smile . bartender you and I both . laney a shot of tequila with a lime . the bartender prepare she drink , do away with the requisite shot glass . he set she drink in front of she . laney look at it for a moment , then shoot it . laney ( cont 'd ) keep they come okay ? bartender not a problem , I like the company . be you stay with we at the hotel ? laney yes . laney contemplate he for a moment . laney ( cont 'd ) Minnesota . that 's the accent , right ? bartender sure be . laney Dylan , Prince or replacement ? bartender go to the same high school Dylan go to . laney you be gonna think I be crazy . bartender I like crazy . laney never mind . 80 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 85 . bartender tell I . laney people must tell you all the time that you look like Jesus . laney smile wide - she know she have he . int . HOTEL room - next morning 80 laney 's gown still hang from the door , perfectly press . Bruce pull he suit out of the closet , place it in the garment bag and zip it up . he be pack with some urgency . or be it anger ? there be a suitcase on the bed , a small mess of clothes wait to be fold and pack . the hotel room door open quietly as laney try to slip in without be hear . her plan be foil right away when she see Bruce . he hear she but do not bother to turn around . laney gather she courage . laney I be so sorry Bruce . I fall asleep by the lake . Bruce be silent . laney ( cont 'd ) by the time I wake up I already miss the ceremony . and then I be too nervous to come back . I do not want to disappoint you . more silence . laney ( cont 'd ) how do it go ? be you a huge hit ? bruce I look for you by the lake laney . you be not there . laney be you say you do not believe I ? bruce yes . I be say I do not believe you . laney Jesus Bruce -- pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 86 . bruce no . do not try to turn this around and make I look like the bad guy Lane . say you lie louder do not make it true . laney sit on the bed where he 's pack . she soften , he do not . laney Bruce , just listen . I find a couple xanax in the bottom of my purse . I know I should not have take any but - Bruce grab laney 's face in he hand like he 's go to snap she neck off . bruce what the fuck be wrong with you ? he squeeze tighter , then let go . bruce ( cont 'd ) why be it so easy for you to look I in the eye and lie to I ? he stare at she . small pool of tear have settle in the corner of Bruce 's eye . bruce ( cont 'd ) do you even love I laney ? laney of course I do . bruce just not enough I guess . he look at laney with a mixture of love and regret . bruce ( cont 'd ) I be go to Atlanta . I have some business there and I need to clear my head . figure out where we go from here . laney when be you come back ? what about eli 's piano recital ? this be almost comical . he shake he head . laney , mother of the year . 80 a 80b 80c pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 87. bruce I will be back in time . they 'il stay with my sister until I get home . laney what ? you do not trust I ? bruce no . I do not . he walk toward the door , bag in hand , turn back to laney . bruce ( cont 'd ) this be my fault . I should not have bring you . it be too soon . laney so you be just leave ? you be just leave I here alone ? bruce yeah . you always seem to find you way home eventually . he open the door . bruce ( cont 'd ) I just do not know if I want to be there next time you do . int . brooks house - day 80a laney unlock she front door and pull she suitcase in behind she . int . brooks house - continuous 80b laney park she bag next to she , look around and feel the emptiness . janey 's ballet outfit it on the bench , eli 's backpack . laney walk into the family room . slow but deliberate . int . / ext . live room - continuous 80 c laney turn on a table lamp and gaze at a few photograph of she family on the table next to it . she walk over to the window , look at the basketball court . it 's empty but for a ball and janey 's pink bike . 81 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 88. int . piano recital — day 81 modest suburban live - room , upright piano , fold chair . eli be wear a navy sport coat over a knick jersey . janey play with she barbie doll . laney glance out the window and then back to eli who be do he eye ritual , blink hard . he seem to have add a new step - he twist he mouth , hold he lip in a tight squeeze , wait a beat , release and then again . a young girl sabrina ( age 10 ) finish she recital piece . the audience clap . mrs. mattingly ( 30' ) , eli 's piano teacher , step to the front of the room . she give sabrina a hug . mrs . mattingly let 's give sabrina another round of applause . laney hear a car door slam . she look out the window and see Bruce , still with roll bag , just in time . he walk in , scan the room . there be a empty seat next to laney but he choose to take a seat in the back . janey see he and leap down the aisle . janey daddy ! she grab he hand in a effort to lead he to they seat but he do not follow . instead he scoops she up onto he lap . ostensibly he do not want to interrupt Mrs. mattingly but in truth he do not want to be near he wife . Mrs. mattingly see he politely sit in the back . mrs . mattingly it 's okay Bruce . this be not Carnegie Hall . go sit with you family . as Bruce make he way down the aisle we see laney and eli slide over to make room for he . Bruce sit down next to eli , janey on he lap . he put he arm around he son 's shoulder . eli be twitching away . laney and Bruce barely make eye contact . mrs . mattingly ( cont ’d ) so much have be write about Beethoven 's deafness but my favorite story be this one . after the first performance of the ninth , Beethoven stare blankly at he orchestra . a thoughtful musician , realize he could not hear the clap , turn Beethoven around to face the audience . ( more ) 82 83 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 89 . mrs . mattingly ( cont ’d ) it be Beethoven 's eye , not he ear that convey the symphony 's triumph . now let 's use we eye and ear while we welcome eli brook to the stage . eli will be perform the final movement of the ninth . the ode to Joy . eli , all three - foot nine walk up on stage as the audience politely clap . he take a seat at the piano . he compose he hand properly but do not begin . this be gut wrenching . his eye start twitching , he mouth be turn . laney hold she breath , eye wide in anticipation . bruce ( under he breath ) come on buddy .... eli go through another short series of eye twitches and mouth contortion . this moment be take forever , the room be silent in anticipation . a parent subtly turn around to look at laney for she reaction . laney sit up straighter , stoic , mask she nerve . and then amazingly , without any twitching of the neck , contort of the mouth , blink of the eye , eli begin to play - finger on key , wrist raise . this , the sound of she son , be , perhaps , the most beautiful laney 's ever hear . she secretly exhales and then because she 's overcome with emotion , she eye fill with tear . she can feel Bruce watch she , she turn she head slowly . when they eye meet there be no malice . instead a flicker of hope , the mutual acknowledgement of they little boy 's triumph . at that moment , as eli take he bow and the room cheer , all be forgiven . omitted 82 int . brooks 's home - foyer - day - same 83 Bruce unlock the front door and let everyone into the house . bingo , wag he tail , be there to greet they . bruce do not forget to take off you shoe . the kid smile . leave they shoe on the mat . put they coat on the bench . all the while laney be try to compose herself . 84 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 90 . janey why be you cry mommy ? laney this be happy tear . laney walk over to eli. kneel . laney ( cont 'd ) e- you be extraordinary today . breathtake . I do not think I have ever hear anything more beautiful . laney put she hand on eli 's shoulder . she take he in . her beautiful boy . laney ( cont 'd ) I do not deserve to be you mother . Bruce be get anxious about where this conversation may lead . bruce who want a snack ? janey hot chocolate ? bruce sure . janey with marshmallow . Bruce glance at laney . her smile bely she anxiety . laney I have to run to the bathroom . I will meet you there in a minute . int . bathroom - day - same 84 laney close the bathroom door , remove the tampon box from the top shelf and pull out the familiar white envelope . she empty the content of the envelope onto the floor . she cut line , sniff coke , glance at herself in the mirror . bingo scratch at the bathroom door , he want to come in . laney ignore he . there be a crash of some sort in the next room . the kid be call she name . laney do one more line and start clean up in a hurry . she realize she do not have much time . 85 86 87 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 91 . janey and eli mom. mooooocoocom ! bruce laney ! laney one second ! janey and eli Mom ! eli enter the bathroom first , follow by janey and bingo . laney pretend to be look for something . laney I lose my contact . damn this floor make - it 's impossible to find - laney look up . the three of they be stare at she . she wipe she nose with she sleeve . there be blood on it . the kid be visibly frighten as Bruce lead they out of the bathroom by they shoulder . janey mommy ! what 's wrong with mommy ? ext . driveway - day -— continuous 85 laney run out the front door and speed off . omitted 86 int . donny 's office - day - continuous 87 wall cover with advertisement . directly behind donny be a mock up of the spring ad campaign . a life-size poster , a caricature of donny 's father sit on top of a cow . arm in the air , cowboy hat , two lassoed yogurt pop . '' the dairy King ride again . '' donny be take aback by the site of laney : mascara run down she face , crust blood on she nose . she 's shaking . laney I need something to calm down . donny hand she a tissue , then guide she into a chair . donny what happen ? pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 92 . laney I do not want to talk about it . laney wipe she nose , glance at the tissue . there 's blood on it . she crumple the tissue into she hand . donny I can not give you anything , Lane . what kind of person would that make I ? laney please donny . now be not the time for moralize . donny but you be just in rehab - laney well now I be not . please ! donny 's office phone ring but he ignore it . instead he wet he thumb , wipe the dry blood from laney 's nose , tuck a piece of laney 's hair behind she ear . a tear run down she cheek . donny it 's all go to be okay . laney not for I . but it be for you - you be about to have a baby ! donny we will figure it out . donny kiss the back of laney 's neck . then she mouth . he slip he hand into she blouse . his cell phone ring . he pull it out of he pocket and look at the caller id . donny ( cont 'd ) hey suze , what 's up ? donny look concerned . donny ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! be you at the emergency room ? okay , take a deep breath . what do the doctor say ? be he in pain ? I be on my way . everything 's gonna be okay . donny hang up the phone . 88 89 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 93. laney how many people you go to make everything okay for ? donny shoot laney a look of disgust . donny this be my son . he grab he jacket and leave . laney open donny 's lock desk drawer with a letter opener and rifle through the prescription container inside . she swallow some pill , stuff the prescription into she purse and leave . ext . STREET - day - same 88 laney be walk to she car . across the street a neon sign flash : every night eighties night , thursday be lady night 1 $ beer . int . o’sullivan 's bar - day - continuous 89 laney take a seat , eye the bartender for a drink . laney beer . a guy in a quaker state walk over to the bar . quaker state no springsteen on the jute box ? this be Jersey . he glance at laney . laney springsteen fan ? quaker state how could you tell ? laney smirk , unimpress . quaker state ( cont ’d ) best musician on the planet . put Jersey on the map . laney lift the bottle to she mouth . she recognize the pathetic pick - up attempt but she 's willing to play ball . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 94 . laney I be sure Sinatra would argue . and bon jovi , and -- quaker state bon jovi ? all he ever want be to be Bruce . laney we all want to be something bigger than we be I guess . quaker state yeah . quaker State move closer . quaker state ( cont ’d ) what do you want to be ? laney I ? laney try to make out the tattoo on he arm . quaker state you see I talk to anyone else ? laney all I want be to get marry , have kid and live happily ever after . quaker state so ? laney so what ? quaker state so what 's a nice girl like you do in a place like this ? the pill have kick in , laney have that all too familiar glaze . laney who say I be a nice girl ? ext . parking lot / alley - night - same 90 laney 's cheek be press up against a brick wall . there 's trash all around : garbage can overflow with debris . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 95 . laney lick it . quaker state lick what baby ? laney my ass . quaker state you ass ? as he bend down to lick she ass , laney shove he in a effort to provoke he . she 's look for trouble . laney no more fucker . quaker state I ' 11 tell you when it 's no more . laney have succeed in instigate quaker State . he draw back she head and smashes she face against the brick . as she reach for the wound he pull she arm back . laney chuckle , invite more pain . laney fuck . he like this . quaker state that hurt ? laney barely feel it . be that all you get ? quaker State smashes she face into the wall one more time which turn he on even more . he finish and button up he pants . she sink to the pavement and watch as he dump the content of she purse on the ground . he pick up the cash and the two bottle of pill . he stashes the cash and one of the bottle in he pocket , take the lid off the other bottle and pour the pill on laney . quaker state want ? laney can not move she lip . the gash on she cheek be throbbing but she look remarkably at peace . she get what she want , what she 's certain she deserve . 91 92 93 94 95 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 96 . laney give a feeble smirk before she fall into a fog , in and out of consciousness . she try to get up , fall down again . do someone try to help she up ? do she hear voice ? she lose consciousness again . fade to black . fade in : ext . alley - dawn 91 as the sun begin to rise , laney open she eye and take a second to place herself . she touch she cheek , feel around for she bag . you can practically smell the alley - the piss on the ground , the trash start to defrost from the nighttime cold . she sit up , reach for she purse and all of she belonging strewn around she . ext . parking lot - dawn - continuous 92 laney stumble to she car . she look for she key but can not find they . she reach for she iphone . her screen saver be a adorable photo of eli and janey . we see laney 's reflection on the screen . tear roll down she cheek . she press the button in she contact that say , '' Valley cab '' . ext . laney 's STREET - dawn 93 laney 's in the back seat of a taxi cab , she face black and blue , dry blood . she 's a mess . we pass the same tall tree , paint fence that we pass in the open scene . the taxi slow to a stop in front of she house . it 's early morning . all the light be off . laney open the taxi door . laney can you wait ? the taxi driver nod he head . int . / ext . brooks house - day - same 94 laney take the key from under the pot plant , open the front door and quickly turn the alarm off . int . kitchen - day - same 95 laney open a cabinet and grab two brown lunch bag . she reach into a drawer and grab two bag of organic chip and a loaf of bread . 96 pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 97 . she open the fridge , take out two slice of american cheese , two apple , two juice box ... her gesture be steady and precise . laney be on a mission : she be go to make she child lunch . she make the sandwich , cut off the crust , slice they into four , wrap they in tinfoil . tear roll down she cheek . she peel the apple , cut they into bite , rub they with lemon so they will not brown and place they in a Ziplock . she take out a box of crayon and write '' janey '' in bubbly letter on one lunch bag and '' eli '' on the other . she decorate janey 's bag with heart and flower and eli 's bag with basketball and star . the scene be tense and heartbreaking . laney look around the kitchen . there it be -- she life in full . toy , photograph , school picture paste to the refrigerator , schedule and child 's artwork tack to the cork board . it 's time to go . laney walk towards the front door , bingo follow . but before she leave she get down on she knee and kiss he . when she stand up she see Bruce lean against the banister . he look at laney with sadness and resignation . janey ( 0.s. ) daddy ? Bruce hang he head down , as if laney 's batter face be a slap to he own . janey ( cont 'd ) daddy ? laney look up the stair , then to Bruce . laney ( whisper ) I be sorry . Bruce watch as laney make the long short walk to the taxi . ext . brooks house - continuous 96 the driver turn on the engine . as laney step in she notice the light in eli 's room come on . she close the door , press she hand against the taxi window . bingo , wag he tail , be stand with Bruce by the front door . laney ( to taxi driver ) we can go . pink ( 03/02/2014 ) 98 . the taxi make it 's way down the tree line street until it disappear . CUT to black .