I spit on you grave written by Adam rockoff ï» '' fade in : 1 omitted 1 ext . CITY STREET - day jennifer hill race down from a stoop , a suitcase roll along behind she . even dress down , this city girl can not hide she natural beauty and panache . she make she way across the street and to a suv . she open the trunk and toss in the suitcase among several other bag . she close it , and walk to the driver 's side . we see that the entire cargo bay of the suv be fill with box and personal affect . Al int . suv , CITY STREET - day Al Jennifer get in and slam the door shut . she take a moment to think , to breathe . something be weigh heavily on she mind . after a beat , she glance up to the rearview mirror and look at herself . she take a long , deep , cleanse breath , and then she turn the key in the ignition and start the car . b1 ext . suv , CITY STREET - day bl the suv drive off down the city street . c1 ext . CITY overpass - day c1 the suv carve its way through traffic as the city loom in the background , grow more distant by the second . 2 int . car , rural road - day 2 the midday sun bake the landscape as Jennifer drive through a country road . a stark contrast from the city , and absolutely breathtaking . gps system turn right up ahead . Jennifer squint out the front windshield . the street be all unpave and none of they be mark with street sign . isoyg pink 10/29/09 2. finally , Jennifer pull into the driveway of a small house . she pick up a piece of paper from the passenger seat , check the address on the house , and get out of the car . 3 ext . earl' place - day 3 Jennifer walk up the crumble step of the house . on the screen door , a wire hold a wooden sign that read ; OPEN . the screen door squeak loudly as Jennifer pull it open . jennifer hello ? Jennifer cautiously step inside . 4 int . earl' place - day 4 the sunlight shine through the dirty curtain . Dust cloud hang motionless in the air , as if suspend in a solution . scatter across the floor be a variety of electronics in various stage of disrepair . a handful of old , picture tube tvs with they plastic casing crack . jennifer hello ? Jennifer walk in further , try to not step on anything . jennifer ( cont 'd ) hello ? earl ( o.s. ) I be a come , I be a come . from out of the back walk the proprietor , earl ( late - 50 's ) , take a double take at Jennifer , surely the prettiest thing he 's see in a long while . he see she stand in the middle of the mess , suddenly aware of it . he bend down to pick something up in a futile attempt to clean . earl ( cont 'd ) sorry about the mess . jennifer it 's fine , really . I be Jennifer Hills . we speak last week . ( no recognition ) I be the one who 's rent the cabin on ... ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 3. jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( Jennifer hold a piece of paper ) .on mockingbird Trail . Earl 's surprised . earl oh , you be miss Hills . Earl walk over to a cabinet against the wall , open a small drawer and take out a key . earl ( cont 'd ) do not suppose you know how to get out there ? jennifer afraid not . Earl hand she the key . Earl pull a map with some hand - draw arrow already on it . earl alright , listen up ' cause it 's a bit tricky . ( beat ) this here arrow will get you through town . over here , it 's more dirt road and wood so it can get kind of dicey . we be a tad short on street sign . jennifer well if I get lose I will just ask for direction . earl to who ? Lady , the cabin be a real beaut , but heck if there be not nothin ' out there for a good country mile . jennifer ( joking ) well , I guess I do not have to worry about bother the neighbor . earl not plan on throw a party , be ya ? the security deposit ... jennifer no , no . I be look forward to the peace and quiet . I be a novelist . I be start my next book . isoyg pink 10/29/09 4. Earl just look at she . earl alright , well , if that 's what you be aimin ' for , just follow that there map . Jennifer look at the map . 5 ext . rural road - day 5 Jennifer drive down the two lane road , barely passable by two car . she swerve as she glance down at map . then , up ahead she spot a small service station with a single gas pump . she pull up to the pump . ext . service station - day 6 Jennifer get out of the car and fumble to fold back the map as she twist the knob off she gas tank and reach for the pump . a hand come down on top of she own . Jennifer spin around . stand there , smile , be johnny . he take the pump from Jennifer and insert it into she gas tank . johnny do not mean to frighten you . johnny be good - look in a rugge sort of way . he 's sinewy , but athletic and strong . Jennifer regains she composure . jennifer no , it 's fine . I be sort of lose anyway . look for mockingbird Trail ? johnny you be definitely lose . jennifer really ? I think -- johnny Nah , you sure miss it . it 's a good ten mile back , leave turn after the big red mailbox . isoyg pink 10/29/09 4a . jennifer oh , okay , I think I see that . isoyg pink 10/29/09 5 . johnny flash he smile , pick he tooth with a toothpick . Jennifer stand there uncomfortably . johnny you , uh ... stay at the cabin ? Jennifer hesitates for a second . just as Jennifer open she mouth to respond , the shrill note of a harmonica shatter the silence . Jennifer turn quickly to the garage . in the garage , andy , one of johnny 's employee , sit on the fender of a break down car . he hold a harmonica to he lip . he 's in he mid-30's with shaggy hair and arm that look like they could bend steel . stanley , one of johnny and Andy 's buddy , walk up behind Andy . he 's bald and overweight , and dig into a bag of pork rind . stanley howdy mar 'am . he lean into Andy who continue play he harp . andy I would sop that up with a biscuit real good . Jennifer turn away from the garage and look back at johnny , who be still await she answer . jennifer uh ... no . I mean yes . as she glance to the gas pump , johnny look she up and down . she be definitely something to look at . johnny place he hand on the hood of the car . glance to the guy , then back to she . johnny you know , you be run a little hot . want I to uh ... maybe I should check under you hood ? Jennifer almost laugh at the way that sound . jennifer how 's that line work for you ? the gas pump click off interrupt . but johnny just stand there look at she . isoyg pink 10/29/09 5a . johnny I do not know , how 's it work for you ? johnny saunter over to the pump and in a phallic manner , pull the pump out . it get laugh from the peanut gallery . Jennifer look away , a line have be cross . she look to the pump again . $ 19.78 . isoyg pink 10/29/09 6. jennifer let I just ... Jennifer fumble into she purse when the map fall from she hand . johnny I will get that . jennifer no I get it -- johnny get uncomfortably close to Jennifer at the rear door of the car when -- honk -- honk -- honk - the suv 's deafen alarm blare out . johnny 's startle , stumble backwards , trip and go sprawling to the ground . Jennifer , control laughter , hold up she key and click the alarm off . johnny be cover in dust and oil , struggle to get to he foot while maintain a shred of dignity . Jennifer chuckle . jennifer ( cont 'd ) sorry . I accidentally hit the panic button . be you okay ? johnny I be fine . johnny look away , angry . he 's certainly not the type of guy who can laugh at himself easily , if at all . from the garage , stanley and Andy point at he and guffaw . andy ( from the garage ) hey ! you better check you underwear , johnny . stanley smile and elbow Andy , but he mouth be too full with pork rind to actually laugh . stanley yea ... check um ' for skidmark ... johnny shoot he a harsh look . Jennifer hand johnny a twenty . try to contain she laughter . isoyg pink 10/29/09 6a . jennifer sure you okay ? johnny 's eye be cold , he face red . isoyg pink 10/29/09 7. johnny I say I be fine . suddenly , Jennifer grow uneasy . she smile uncomfortably , get in the car and drive away . johnny take a bandana from he pocket and wipe he brow . he watch Jennifer 's car disappear and spit on the ground as the laughter escalate in she absence . johnny spin . johnny ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you two dipshit laugh at ?! 7 ext . cabin - day 7 Jennifer arrive at the cabin . she get out of she car and stand there , look up at it . in slight disrepair and in need of a paint job but the quaint charm make you quickly forget its shortcomings . 8 tnt . cabin - day 8 Jennifer walk in with she bag , look around the cabin . it 's rustic , but she 's hardly rough it . 9 int . cabin , the kitchen - day 9 she start unpack . a few cardboard box with non - perishable food item sit on the counter next to case of bottled water . also , there 's a large wine case with different liquor bottle in the section . Jennifer take out a bottle of top shelf vodka and put it in the freezer . then she begin to grab the wine bottle , take a extra second to look at one , the hell with it , she grab a opener . a9 tnt . cabin - day a9 Jennifer set up she laptop at a make- shift workstation . throw some freshly cut flower in a small vase , a few lucky figurine from she travel ... it all feel very ritualistic . 10 ext . cabin - day 10 Jennifer site at the end of the boat dock . laptop and glass of wine write away . she could not be more content . isoyg pink 10/29/09 8. she take a deep , replenishing breath , and then go back to writing -- a10 int . cabin - day a10 close on : word fly across the screen as Jennifer type at a furious pace . Blocks of text keep scrolling away . her finger effortlessly swipe away at key after key , a writer 's high if you will . finally a exclamation point be stab with emphasis . then she hear a sound off in the tree . she look out and hear a very distant few note of a harmonica . then a few even more distant " heeeeeeweeeee " . after a beat she innocently smile figure it 's just some boy off in the distance have a party or something . Jennifer lean back , smile briefly and pour herself a glass of wine . 11 ext . cabin , front porch - dusk 11 Jennifer sit at the table , she laptop propped open in front of she . she 's talk away on the phone as she stop for a moment to take a sip from a glass of red wine . jennifer ( into phone ) . Lonely ? be you kid ? I should have come out here on my first book ... the wind kick up and a in the distance a door be slam shut . it startles jennifer . she look in the direction of the sound . jennifer ( cont 'd ) sorry , something just ... another slam , and again . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) barb , hold on a minute ... isoyg pink 10/29/09 8a . Jennifer set down she lap top and put the glass of wine on the arm of the chair . she get up and look off into the dusky wood . then back to the house . a light breeze kick up and slam . again . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) let I call you back . isoyg pink 10/29/09 9. Jennifer snap the phone shut , and walk down the step of the front porch . jennifer ( cont 'd ) hello ? in response , she get the frantic chirping of cricket as night encroach . Jennifer walk down a path and in the near distance she see a shed . slam ! the shed door be kick open and close in the breeze . she make she way towards the shed . all ext . cabin , shed - dusk all Jennifer get to the shed . the door be wide open . she step inside . b11 int . cabin , shed - dusk b11 Inside there be a array of old gardening tool . pot , garbage can . some different chemical bottle include a jug of lye . Jennifer think she hear something from deep inside the shed . she move in further as -- slam ! the door shut behind she - jennifer shit ! c11 ext . cabin , shed - dusk c11 Jennifer exit , and securely close the shed door . after a beat she smirk at the think that she think this be more than just a door blow in the wind , then head back to the cabin . d12 ext . cabin , front porch - dusk d12 Jennifer walk up to the chair , move she laptop , sit and then as she grab she phone she knock the glass of wine off the arm of the chair into she lap . isoyg pink 10/29/09 10 . jennifer ohhhhh ... you gotta be kid . she get up , look at the red wine stain all over she lap , and pick up she thing to head in the cabin . jennifer ( cont 'd ) Way to go Jennifer ... the last of the day light be disappear . 12 int . cabin - night 12 Jennifer stand at the sink , in panty and tank top - pre - soaking she sweater and pants . 13 ext . cabin - night 13 Pov through kitchen window : Jennifer continue at the sink , she beautiful , partially nude body be frame perfectly in the window for all to see ... but no one 's around for mile ... 14 ext . wood - day 14 Jennifer jog through the tree . she wear a tight pair of run short and a out off T-shirt . Jennifer stop in a small clear . with she hand on she knee , she struggle to catch she breath . she stand and walk in a circle , look around . check she watch . then notice something in the distance hide behind the tree . angle on : a dilapidate shack , rotted from decay and neglect . Jennifer 's curiosity get the best of she . 15 ext . dilapidated house - day 15 she walk up to the shack , look around . she then enter through what be leave of the front door . isoyg pink 10/29/09 11 . a15 int . dilapidated house - day a15 the place have not be occupy in quite a while , but it be once . a old , dirty mattress in the corner ... a sawhorse - for - a-counter with old can and bottle ... even a rusty old garden tool or two . near the window she see a old , mold cover bible propped open . Jennifer suddenly get the chill , she shake it off and then get the hell out of there . 16 ext . cabin - day 16 Jennifer finish she jog and return to the cabin , lean over on the porch and catch she breath . 17 int . cabin , bathroom - day 17 Jennifer stand in front of the mirror . she look at she reflection and pull out the band that be hold up she ponytail . her sweat - soak hair fall across she shoulder . she turn on the faucet and be meet with a dirty spray . jennifer eww ! the spray only last a few second before sputtering out . however , then the toilet start to gurgle . Jennifer lift the lid up with she foot . the toilet water bubbles up and then disappear down the drain . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( shudder ) Gross . again , Jennifer try the sink , but now nothing come out . 18 int . cabin , kitchen - day 18 Jennifer pick up she cellphone from the counter . she take a small piece of paper out of she purse and punch in some number on the cell . after a few ring , voicemail pick up . earl message ( v.o . ) you have reach the answer machine of Earl wooderson . ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 12 . earl message ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the office be close , please leave a message and someone will call you back on Monday . if you be call about buy or sell a exotic animal , please leave you name -- Jennifer snap the phone shut in frustration , when she eye catch the water - damage remnant of a service sticker hang to the refrigerator door . amazingly , the phone number be still visible . she shrug to herself and dial the number . 19 int . cabin , bathroom -- day 19 she lift the lid and look inside - dry - and flush a few more time to no avail - then dirty water begin to gurgle up . jennifer ( listen intently ) no , it will not flush ... I do that already ... yes ... look , I be really in a spot ... okay ... thank you ... I be not go anywhere . as Jennifer snap she phone shut , the handset get catch on she chin , and tumble into the toilet . plop ! jennifer ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! Jennifer reach down into the toilet and immediately fish it out . she shake it off vigorously . 20 int . cabin , kitchen - day 20 Jennifer stand next to the kitchen counter . she hold she hair dryer which be go at full blast . her cell phone be propped open on the counter in front of she . she 's do she best to dry it out . suddenly , a hand reach out and tap she on the shoulder . Jennifer scream and spin around , turn the hair dryer on she assailant . a equally frighten matthew throw he hand up in front of he face and scream just as loudly . he have several think color rubber band on he wrist . isoyg pink 10/29/09 12a . matthew p1 ... please ! I ... I come to fix the plumbing . isoyg pink 10/29/09 13. Jennifer turn off the hair dryer . matthew ( cont 'd ) I ... I be knock on the d... door a...a ... while . Jennifer breathes a sigh of relief , especially after she get a look at Matthew . he 's in he mid-30's , but could pass for a good ten year young . awkward and shy , he can barely make eye contact with she . jennifer ( friendly ) I think you may have take a few year off my life . Matthew do not get the joke . jennifer ( cont 'd ) uh ... thanks for come on such short notice . ( no response ) you need to see the bathroom , right ? 21 int . cabin , bathroom - day 21 Matthew work away underneath the sink . Jennifer watch he from the bedroom sit on the end of the bed , try to make small talk . jennifer be this gonna take much longer ? matthew ( muffle , under the sink ) N ... not much . jennifer so what 's wrong with it ? matthew uh ... it 's just older pipe . Matthew continue he work , you can tell he be uncomfortable with the conversation . jennifer so do you live around here ? matthew no ... no one life around here . isoyg pink 10/29/09 14 . jennifer yeah , I kind of get that . I mean in town ? Matthew come out from under the sink . he snap nerviously at one of the rubber band on he wrist . matthew my ... my whole life ... Jennifer look to he wrist . it 's all red . Matthew turn on the faucet . out come a hard stream of cold , clear water . he flush the toilet and then turn on the shower to the same result . matthew ( cont 'd ) all fix . Jennifer squeal with excitement . she wrap she arm around Matthew and plant a kiss on he cheek . jennifer thank you ! Matthew blushes furiously and fumble he tool as he pack up . for he , the kiss be more embarrassing than enjoyable . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I just ... you save I from have to bathe in the pond . once he tool be all pack away , Matthew dash out of the cabin . Jennifer follow he to the front door . jennifer ( cont 'd ) hey . hey ! I do not even pay you ! but Matthew be long go . 22 ext . fishing hole - day 22 on minidv can lcd a wooden bat crash down on a fish . it go still . stanley take a minidv camcorder away from he eye . he look at Andy who 's hold the bloody bat , and take a large gulp from he beer , then -- stanley Ground rule double . isoyg pink 10/29/09 15 . andy ( angrily ) a double ! look at its head . I knock the eye clear out . Andy have , in fact , knock the fish 's eye clear out . it lay next to the creature , all weird and googly - look . stanley Fine . maybe a triple . but that 's it . you get to knock the gut out its mouth to score a run . andy would you turn that thing off ? gonna get we in trouble with that human society . johnny humane you dipshit . johnny site in a chair hold he fishing rod between he knee . a cigarette dangle from he mouth and a beer be perpetually glue to he hand . andy whatever . stanley I tell you . this thing be go to make I a fortune . all you get to do be film something crazy , then you send it into the internet , make a kill . andy no one 's gonna pay you for that crap . stanley it 's the hit , Andy . you just gotta get the hit . johnny Hit my ass , now you two retard gonna fish or what ? Matthew come crash out of the foliage , knock over the cooler spilling ice and beer all over . andy speak of retard . isoyg pink 10/29/09 16 . matthew q.. quit it Andy . johnny alright . now we be all here , what 's the big show , stanley ? stanely the big show be this -- stanley hold up the video camera like a trophy . andy be you kid I ? that shit ? what would you do ? Film yourself lighting a fart ? stanely better . johnny just shake he head . johnny ( to himself ) I do not know why I bother . stanley I get Matthew 's girlfriend in a private moment . andy what do you mean like on the toilet or something ? stanley pull a tape out of he pocket and load it . andy ( cont 'd ) Matthew have not have a girl since he be suck he mama 's titty . stanley not true , my friend . and the evidence be right here . matthew what be you to ... talk ' bout stanley ? andy yeah , what be you talk about ? isoyg pink 10/29/09 16a . stanley he have that babe from the city all alone and he do not even try to nail she . isoyg pink 10/29/09 17 . this get johnny 's attention . Matthew be snap on of the rubber band . it 's a bit loud . johnny look to he as if it be annoying he . johnny what babe from the city ? stanley you know , the one who stop for gas the other day . the one who dumped you on you can . she have matty here fix she pipe . johnny bullshit . Matthew snap the rubber band more . johnny turn quickly to he . johnny ( cont 'd ) cut that shit homo ! how many time I gotta tell you . stanley get the camera ready . stanley she even give he a kiss for " service she . " look , here 's Matthew run from the cabin like a schoolgirl . they all gather around . Pov camera : Matthew run from the cabin , drop tool as he go . Jennifer stand in the doorway call after he . the camera go closer on Jennifer -- the guy break up . johnny be a bit more serious . andy now that 's some fine camera work , even better than the time you film yo ' self hangin ' you nana 's cat . johnny what 's this about a kiss ? stanley Matthew here say she give he a kiss right on the cheek . isoyg pink 10/29/09 17a . johnny bullshit . matthew no , she do johnny . she kiss I . johnny do not lie to I dipshit . isoyg pink 10/29/09 18 . stanely if you all do not shut the hell up you will miss the encore . all eye turn to stanley as stanley push some button on the minidv cam . Andy come over and look at the lcd screen . stanley get ready for it . on minidv : the footage that stanley shot be obviously the previous night through Jennifer 's kitchen window . andy I will be . look at the rack on that pony . Andy punch stanley in the arm . johnny just stare at the screen . andy ( cont 'd ) you dirty dog . where the hell would you get that ? stanley I have be work night . andy sure be something to look at . Matthew be clearly uncomfortable , but he desperately need to be one of the guy . matthew yeah , and she like I ... she be nice to I . stretch a rubber band . andy Nice ? to she , you be nothing but a shitter fixer . Hell , she would not even give johnny the time of day . johnny snap he head up and look at stanley . johnny bullshit . I could tame that ass if I want to . andy you see she johnny ... stick up city bitch . isoyg pink 10/29/09 18a . stanley yea , girl like that think you be hardly good enough to pump they gas . johnny light up another cigarette . he point at Andy . isoyg pink 10/29/09 19 . johnny let I tell you something . I have she cream in she panty . andy and she have you shitting yours . least she car alarm do . the guy yuck it up . johnny ( seething ) you do not think I could have she anytime I want ? Andy look away and begin to reel in he line . stanley stuff he face with some crap so he do not have to answer . johnny ( cont 'd ) bitch like that come up here for one reason . sitting in that window , tit flap in the wind for all to see . you know ? matthew Nah ... she 's not like that , johnny . johnny snort , condescendingly . johnny how do you know , ya fuckin ' virgin ? let I tell you something . they be all like that ! Fucking big city cock - teasing whore be all she be . he flick he cigarette and it sizzle out in the water . then he get right up in Matthew 's face . johnny ( cont 'd ) you would have no idea what to do with a piece of ass like that . but luckily I be you friend . johnny hand he a beer and pat he on the back firmly . 23 int . cabin - night 23 Jennifer write away at the dining room table . she 's on a tear . a " writer 's zone " where everything she type be gold . she hit the " return " key hard , as if to punctuate a particularly good sentence . she pick up some lip gloss and put it on . isoyg pink 10/29/09 20 . she lean back to take a break when she eye catch the cell phone sit on the table . she pick the phone up , flip it open - it 's still completely dead . in frustration , she throw the phone across the room . it hit the couch right next to the duffle bag . she smile mischievously to herself . Jennifer reach inside and withdraw a sandwich bag fill with pot and roll papers . she expertly roll herself a joint and light it up . she close she eye . bliss . 24 ext . cabin - night -- later 24 from a distance , the cabin look like a star twinkle in the night sky . tree sway in the breeze , dapple the light . 25 int . cabin - night 25 Jennifer 's head be slouched over she desk . she pass out . suddenly , a scratching noise at the front door . close on : Jennifer 's eye flit open as - Jennifer jump awake and walk over to check the door , glance at the clock as she go . 4:14 be . Jennifer get to the door and listen , nothing . she try to look out ... nothing . she turn to walk back when the scratch return - Jennifer take a few step back toward the door . again , the noise stop . jennifer hello ? silence . Jennifer rise up on she toe and look out the glass window of the front door . the porch be desert . Jennifer open the door slowly . 26 ext . cabin - night 26 Jennifer look outside but nothing be there . just a gentle breeze and the sway of the tree . satisfied , she walk out onto the front porch , then down the step . she hug herself and shiver , then she return inside . isoyg pink 10/29/09 21 . 27 int . cabin , front door - night 27 Jennifer shut the front door and lock it . then she yank on the door , just to make sure . 28 int . cabin - night 28 she walk back in grab she glass and bottle when -- 29 int . cabin - night 29 the scraping sound again , but this time , from upstair . Jennifer look up , hope that she imagine it . but there it be again . she set the bottle and glass down on the end table next to the couch and then grab a can of mace from she purse on the couch . 30 int . cabin , staircase - night 30 she walk slowly , hold the mace directly in front of she . eventually , Jennifer get to the top of the stair . at the far end of the hallway be a open window . a branch from outside scrape against the windowsill . Jennifer let out a sigh of relief . she close the window and head back downstairs . 31 int . cabin , kitchen - night 31 she put the mace back in she purse , and then pick up she drink walk to the kitchen when -- bang ! something smashes into the slide glass door -- Jennifer scream drop the glass . it shatter . with more than a hint of trepidation , Jennifer head towards the side door . with all the courage she can muster up , Jennifer unlock the door and step outside . isoyg pink 10/29/09 22. 32 ext . cabin , back porch - night 32 the side porch light act as a spotlight , illuminate the culprit -- a lone bird lie motionless on the ground . Jennifer bend down and pick up a small branch from the porch . she give the bird a small poke ... nothing . but she uneasiness be grow . suddenly ... slam ! she jump and look to the shed , the door be open again and swinging . she look to it think , " I shut that already ... " she move off the porch and toward the shed . 33 ext . cabin , shed - night 33 Jennifer walk to the shed , it feel longer in the dark . she look around to the tree line , could be something out there , a animal , who know . she reach the shed and shut the door again . she search the ground and see a large stone . she pick up the stone and shove it against the door . satisfied , she head back . 34 int . cabin - night 34 Jennifer immediately go over to she table where the laptop be set up . she shuffles some papers around when - something on she laptop screen catch she attention . she lean forward , brow furrow . on laptop screen : a picture of johnny , stanley , and Andy leer into the laptop 's camera . like a nightmarish photo booth snapshot . johnny Nice shot huh ? Jennifer shriek and spin around only to find -- stand there , right inside the front door , be johnny . he smile . johnny shrug calmly and continue milling about the room . Jennifer spin around , look for a way out . isoyg pink 10/29/09 22a . but stanley have slip in through the back door , video camera obnoxiously filming the scene ( which will be out to throughout ) . stanley smile real pretty for the camera . isoyg pink 10/29/09 23. jennifer ( she voice crack ) get out of here . get out of here right now ! johnny now that 's not very hospitable , be it ? then , the wooden stair creak under Andy 's step as he walk down -- around he chest be one of Jennifer 's bra stretch to the limit . he 's twirling a thong panty on he finger . the guy get a good laugh at Andy . jennifer all of you better get out of here . I call the police . johnny nod . he look at she , he gaze mock . johnny you call the police ? or you will call the police ? jennifer I ... I call they already . they be on they way right now ! johnny with what phone ? Matthew say you drop it in the drink . Jennifer do not answer . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( look at stanley ) speak of .. . where the hell be he ? stanley take a few step toward the back door . stanley Matthew , get you boney ass in here ! shortly after , Matthew shuffles inside . he can not even bring himself to look at Jennifer . johnny ( to jennifer ) Matthew here say you do not pay he for fixity ' you sink ? isoyg pink 10/29/09 24 . jennifer that be just not true ! I try to . he run out ... ( to Matthew ) be that what you say ? Matthew wince and start to snap a rubber band on he wrist . as Jennifer walk over to she purse . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I will take care of it -- johnny cut she off . johnny -- let 's not worry about that right now . johnny hop up on the kitchen counter , cut she off with he leg . he then pick up the bottle of vodka , take a swig . johnny ( cont 'd ) now what 's a pretty little thing like you do out here all alone ? jennifer I be write . I be a writer ... but my boyfriend be come up . he will actually be here any minute -- johnny that right ? the guy give a good chuckle - johnny ( cont 'd ) well , I do not realize you have a boyfriend come down . we would better get on outta here . do not want to ruin date night . stanley yeah , yeah . date night . andy ( chuckling ) date night ... johnny you know what I think . I think you be lie . there 's no boyfriend . no man in he right mind would leave a girl like you all up here on you own . isoyg pink 10/29/09 24a . jennifer ( emphatic ) no he 's come . he have to work . I tell you he will be here soon . isoyg pink 10/29/09 25 . johnny turn to she . johnny yeah , well so will santi clause . Andy and stanley be loving every minute of this . Matthew lean against the wall , he eye on the floor . johnny ( cont 'd ) come here . have a drink with I . jennifer no , look . I have the money -- Andy slingshot the thong right at Jennifer . it land at she foot . johnny what 's a matter ? too good to drink with we ? jennifer please , I do not want to . johnny raise he eyebrow . the bottle be partially empty . johnny ( to jennifer ) uh , what 's this ? it 's already be open . ( to other ) see , she do not want to drink with we . what be we , dirt ? jennifer I do not say that . Andy walk over and sit down at she desk , click around the screen , begin read aloud from the text ... andy ( reading ) . no one want a phone call at 2 o'clock in the morning . when you be fifteen it 's a prank call , when you twenty it 's a drunk boyfriend call , but after twenty five , it 's usually real bad news . that 's how I find out my father die ... ( then ) whose daddy die ? isoyg pink 10/29/09 26 . jennifer can you all please leave I alone ?! meanwhile , stanley putter around the kitchen , open and close the cabinet door , knock stuff around . he find a pack of rice cake . he shove one in he mouth , wince , spit it out . stanley damned cardboard . you eat this shit ? andy you should ! do you some good . Andy turn from the desk , strike a match and flick it at Jennifer , jennifer look , can you just tell I what you want ? what do you want ? I offer you money . johnny stubbornly hold out the bottle of vodka . Andy giggle . he find this quite funny . johnny ( extending bottle ) here . jennifer Fine , if you will leave I will take a drink . Jennifer study the bottle and finally accept it . drink a small sip . they all start boo . johnny come on . you can do better than that . I bet when you be out there with you city friend you can throw them back with the best of they . jennifer I take the drink , now you -- johnny I say drink it ! Jennifer grow increasingly nervous and reluctantly take a nice swig . then choke and gag . they all cheer . isoyg pink 10/29/09 27 . johnny ( cont 'd ) see ? now be that so bad ? johnny take the bottle back and take a swig himself . jennifer look , I be sorry if I embarrassed you the other day , but we be even now , right ? okay . please . leave . Andy and stanley plop themselves down on the couch and prop they foot up on the wood and glass coffee table . johnny oh ... that 's not what this be about . jennifer then what be this about ? johnny jump down from the counter . he stand in front of Jennifer , tower over she . johnny I want to see you tooth . as if the air be suck out of the room . Jennifer stare at he , not even sure she hear he correctly . Matthew snap the rubber band harder . he move to the far corner of the room and tuck himself against the wall . jennifer wha ... what ? johnny you hear I , show horse . show I you tooth . jennifer that 's ... I be not go to ... please leave . johnny ( quiet , but firm ) show the tooth ... Andy walk over and hand johnny the small wooden bat he use to kill the fish . johnny smack it against he palm . johnny ( cont 'd ) .or lose the tooth . isoyg pink 10/29/09 27a . Andy walk back to the couch and flick another match at Jennifer . she recoil with fear as she reluctantly give a half -smile , she tooth clench together . isoyg pink 10/29/09 28. johnny ( cont 'd ) no . put two finger in the side of you mouth . then two finger in the other side ... and pull . Jennifer look at johnny like he 's seriously disturb as johnny slap the bat against he hand punctuate he point . Jennifer put she finger in she mouth . she pull she lip away from the gum , spread they grotesquely . it 's completely humiliate . Jennifer stop . jennifer now please ... I be begging you ... johnny slide off the counter . johnny uh , uh. again . Jennifer reinsert she finger and pull . johnny reach into she mouth and grab a hold of she two front tooth with he thumb and forefinger . johnny ( cont 'd ) alright . good girl , show horse . johnny pull down on Jennifer 's tooth , force she to the floor . Jennifer look as if she 's about to cry , near she on the ground be the break glass . stanley and Andy needle each other like schoolboy . Matthew shuffles nervously , clearly uncomfortable at be there . johnny ( cont 'd ) I will tell you something sweetheart ... know why you be not get no boyfriend ?... ' Cause all they city guy be faggot . johnny turn to she . johnny ( cont 'd ) but uh ... since he be not here . johnny pull out he revolver . johnny ( cont 'd ) this be you man . he move closer to she , rub the gun against she cheek , she chin . the blood drain from she face as - isoyg pink 10/29/09 29 . johnny ( cont 'd ) why do not you give he a kiss - with terror in she eye , Jennifer quickly kiss the gun - johnny ( cont 'd ) Nah , not like the peck you give Matthew ... let 's see a real kiss . he slide the barrel into Jennifer 's mouth . Jennifer gag instinctively . johnny hold the back of she head , not allow she to pull away , and offer some " encouragement . " johnny ( cont 'd ) breathe through you nose . breathe through you nose like it be you first time . johnny pull the gun out just a tiny bit and push it back into she cheek , cause it to bulge out . naturally , stanley and Andy both find this hysterical . especially once Jennifer begin to cry . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( to jennifer ) on you knee . Jennifer comply . johnny hold the gun in front of he crotch and again force it into Jennifer 's mouth . johnny ( cont 'd ) if I do not like you enthusiasm , I may cum early . ( cock the gun ) and that 's something you really do not want . Jennifer have no choice . she begin to fellate the gun , as deep as she can take it without gag . johnny close he eye and feign pleasure . finally , he 's have enough . he retract the gun as Jennifer recoil , gag . her eye begin to scan the cabin for any way out of this hell as Andy stand up from the couch . andy my turn . isoyg pink 10/29/09 29a . stanley come on , let Matthew have a go . it 's he girlfriend and he have not even wet he whistle yet . isoyg pink 10/29/09 30 . matthew I ... I ddd ... do not want to . johnny walk up to Matthew , angrily , and slap he across the face . he point to Jennifer . johnny what do you mean you do not want to ? ( teasing ) sh ... she like I ... she kiss I . now shut up and prove it . Matthew hold he fist against he face . andy aw , fuck it . I be not wait . Andy grab the vodka bottle . he walk over to Jennifer , still on she knee , and position the bottle right in front of he crotch . andy ( cont 'd ) suck it , bitch . Jennifer open she mouth and move she head toward the bottle . as she maneuver the bottle - neck into she mouth , she eye catch a large shard of glass next to Andy 's boot . as soon as Andy turn around to smile at he friend , Jennifer grab the bottle and crack it upside he kneecap . Andy immediately grab he leg and fall to the floor . the guy start laugh as -- Jennifer leap up from the floor and rush over to she purse . she quickly pull out a canister of mace - before the guy even register what be happen Jennifer be racing at stanley -- as he bring the camera down he 's meet with a spray of mace . he clutches he face , scream in pain -- and like that - Jennifer be out the back door . 35 ext . cabin - dawn 35 Jennifer leap over the porch step and sprint across the backyard as the first light creep through the tree . within second , she 's in the wood . isoyg pink 10/29/09 31 . 36 ext . wood - dawn 36 Jennifer run for all she 's worth . every few yard , she look behind she , just to make sure that no one be chase she . the morning light now fully visible . then , just as she turn back around , Jennifer smack right into something and go sprawling . when she vision come into focus she see the side of a shiny black boot . next to it , the long slim barrel of a shotgun . Jennifer look up at the figure . figure whoa , whoa , whoa there . easy darlin' . the figure extend he hand . as Jennifer reach for it , she see he jacket pull away from he chest , revealing a silver badge . she 's find sheriff storch , a small town sheriff with a small town charm that can easily be confuse as smarmy . jennifer help I . please ! stand next to the sheriff , also hold a hunt rifle , be Earl . Earl look over at the sheriff . sheriff storch okay , okay , I gotcha . the sheriff help Jennifer to she foot . earl I know this one . she rent the place down on mockingbird Trail . jennifer I be assault ! they break into the cabin ! they have a gun - Jennifer break down again . sheriff storch ma'am , please , you have to calm down . but Jennifer be hysterical , desperately hold back tear . jennifer in my mouth ! he put a gun in my mouth ! you do not understand ... isoyg pink 10/29/09 32 . sheriff storch ma'am , it 's okay . I be the sheriff . you need to take a deep breath and tell I what happen . Jennifer force herself to take a deep breath and manage to pull herself together . jennifer four man . it be four of they . they break into my cabin ... they assault I ! Earl just watch not know what to do . sheriff storch be you hurt ? do you need a hospital ? Jennifer shake she head . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) okay , good . that 's good . do you get a good look at they ? can you id them ? jennifer yes , I would see they before . sheriff storch around here ? jennifer at the service station right outside of town . they work there . sheriff storch ( to earl ) John Miller no doubt . jennifer yes . they call he johnny . there be a heavy set guy too -- and -- sheriff storch shake he head and roll he eye . isoyg pink 10/29/09 33. sheriff storch sound like they boy be up to no good . alright Earl . you best head on back . I and miss ... jennifer Hills . Jennifer Hills . sheriff storch I and miss Hills be gonna head on over to the cabin and straighten them out . 37 brt . cabin - day 37 sheriff storch and Jennifer pull up to the cabin . they both get out of the cruiser . with he double barrel shotgun in hand , sheriff storch begin walk up toward the porch . 38 int . cabin - day 38 sheriff storch and Jennifer enter the cabin . it appear empty . sheriff storch hello ? ( beat ) Miller ? Miller , this be the sheriff . if you and you boy be still in there , you come on out right now . sheriff storch disappear into the kitchen for a second ... then back out as he make he way over to the foot of the stair . he look up the staircase . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) Miller , if you be up there , you ' will be leave by the window . no answer . sheriff storch look at Jennifer . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) stay here . sheriff storch head up the stair . Jennifer , uncomfortable at be leave alone , back away to the wall . every noise , every foot step make she shiver . after a few second , the sheriff come back to the top of the stair . isoyg pink 10/29/09 34 . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) it 's empty . he walk back down . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) no sign of them . if they be here , they be go now . sheriff storch make he way through and walk back into -- 39 int . cabin , kitchen - day 39 Jennifer follow he and watch as he inspect it closely . his eye fall on the box of liquor bottle . sheriff storch you here alone ? jennifer yes . sheriff storch ( re : liquor ) with all this ? jennifer I be not go to drink it all this weekend . I ... I plan on be here for a couple of month . sheriff storch drink some tonight ? jennifer yes , well , they be . they force I to . he move away and walk back through the cabin . as he do , he spot the glass shattered on the floor ... and the nearby thong and bra that Andy flung at she . take a long hard look at they , then look back up to Jennifer . jennifer ( cont 'd ) one of they , he be up there , go through everything . isoyg pink 10/29/09 35 . sheriff storch tap the break glass with he thick boot . sheriff storch ( point to the glass ) they do this , too ? jennifer please , I do not care about that thing . they shove a gun in my mouth ... Jennifer break down again as the sheriff move toward she . sheriff storch okay , okay ma'am . it 's okay now . they boy be go . you be safe now . Jennifer nod to he , still shake . storch look to the lock on the back door . he walk toward the back door and turn the dead bolt back and forth . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) ( be : back door ) be this lock ? jennifer yes . of course . 40 ext . cabin - day 40 sheriff storch step onto the porch . Jennifer follow . sheriff storch look down and see the dead bird at he foot . he poke it with the barrel of he shotgun . sheriff storch how long you be here ? jennifer just a few day . sheriff storch anything strange happen before this ? you have a run in with any of this guy ? jennifer no . not really . I stop for gas and direction . isoyg pink 10/29/09 36 . 41 int . cabin - day 41 back inside , sheriff storch hook he finger into he belt and continue to look around . his eye casually fall upon the roach sit in the ashtray . he pick it up and smell it . sheriff storch ma'am , be this you marijuana cigarette ? suddenly , Jennifer realize that simple possession might not go over in this small town like it do in Manhattan . jennifer uh ... n...no . the man probably leave it . sheriff storch walk over to Jennifer until he 's stand directly in front of she . sheriff storch you mean to tell I that one of this guy be wear lipstick ? storch hold up the roach . Jennifer notice the lipstick smear on the roll paper . she cast she eye downward . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) this be not the big city . sheriff storch stand uncomfortably close . slowly , he walk closer up to Jennifer 's face , stare into she eyelid . pull down one of they . then the other . then he gaze fall down to she chest ... she ample cleavage . his stare linger a bit too long . jennifer please , I swear . I do not make it up . I may have smoke a joint , but - sheriff storch lift he walkie-talkie to he mouth . sheriff storch ( into the walkie- talkie ) this be sheriff storch . I be at the mockingbird cabin . I gonna need some backup . the word out of the sheriff 's mouth seem almost surreal . isoyg pink 10/29/09 37 . jennifer ( become frantic ) backup ? what could you possibly need back up for ? I be the victim . sheriff storch hold up he hand , cut she off . sheriff storch ma'am . you have be drink and smoking marijuana , and you get enough alcohol here to put we whole town three sheet to the wind . you be run around in you nighty at the crack of dawn ... you need to see this from my point of view . jennifer what ?! they be here ! they assault I ! you have get to believe I ! sheriff storch I just want to get to the bottom of it . you be make serious accusation bout ' boy I have know since they be kid , and you have not be all together truthful now have you ? ( beat ) now please , against the wall . angry and ashamed , Jennifer walk over and place she palm against the wall , she leg press tightly together . sheriff storch inch up behind she . he tap the inside of she thigh with he shotgun . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) shoulder width apart , face to the wall . Jennifer have no choice but to comply . he pat up and down Jennifer 's side . when he get to the swell of she breast , he slide he hand to the front ever so slightly . Jennifer reflexively turn -- sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) face to the wall ! sheriff storch put he hand to the side of she face and put it to the wall . Jennifer cringe . isoyg pink 10/29/09 37a . then he kick she leg out wide with a firm Boot as he start to frisk she entire body , creep he hand ever so close to she crotch . isoyg pink 10/29/09 38 . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) I want the whole story , now . the whole thing . ( slowly ) start with tell I what that boy do . a long , dreadful beat hang in the air as -- johnny ( o.s. ) yeah , and tell the truth , show horse . Jennifer snap she head around again to see johnny enter the cabin as Andy and stanely push Matthew in front of they . johnny walk over to Jennifer . he stand next to the sheriff . johnny ( cont 'd ) better yet , let 's show he . as I recall , that pretty little lip could not get enough . sheriff storch ( mock surpirse ) really ? sheriff storch then take the barrel of he shotgun and push down the top of Jennifer 's blouse . Jennifer 's paralyze as he run the shotgun across she nipple . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) ( to jennifer ) they do this to you ? Jennifer be too terrify to speak . sheriff storch then slip the shotgun down between she leg . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) I ask you a question . Jennifer tremble with fear . jennifer please ... johnny show he that tooth , show horse . isoyg pink 10/29/09 38a . sheriff storch bring the gun back up to she mouth - slide it under Jennifer 's top lip and push it up . isoyg pink 10/29/09 39 . sheriff storch whinny . with she top lip force up by the barrel of the shotgun , Jennifer can only make a grunting noise . sheriff storch take the shotgun out of Jennifer 's mouth and place it flush against the side of she head . he push she to the floor . Jennifer let out a yelp as she fall . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) I say , whinny . Jennifer make a pathetic SOUND . not really a whinny , but more of a half - cry , half -snort . naturally , this amuse Andy and stanley -- who be , of course , filming it -- to no end . stanley oh , man . oh , man . sheriff storch ( to jennifer ) on you knee . and keep go . Jennifer get to she knee . as instruct , she whinny , intersperse with sob . johnny slap she ass viciously . johnny keep whinnying ! Jennifer look up at sheriff storch with plead eye . sheriff storch pick she up by she hair but -- Jennifer come up swinging -- connect with the sheriff 's face . the slight scratch across he lip . sheriff storch turn bett red . he backhand she across the face send she back down to the floor . a thin line of blood flow from she nose . the sheriff look over to johnny , lick he lip and nod he head . sheriff storch think you outta tame this little mare of yours . johnny take the sheriff 's lead . johnny alright , come on , show horse . get up . or you will not get a sugar cube . Jennifer struggle to she foot . she stand in front of they , defenseless . johnny grab she hair and pull she head far back . she let out a half - moan . isoyg pink 10/29/09 40 . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( to matthew ) take off you clothes . we be about to pop you cherry . Matthew shake he head . his wrist be not beat red from the rubber band . snap ! johnny ( cont 'd ) I be not ask , now cut that rubber band shit faggot . stanley come on , Matthew . you want to talk the talk , then walk the walk , you virgin . johnny flick open a pocket knife . he tickle Jennifer 's bottom lip with the blade , then gently run it down she chin , past she neck , and between she breast , just before stop at the waistband , then he slice the waistband of she pants - she pants drop to the floor . johnny ( to matthew ) do it now . or else I slice she chin to cunt . this get Matthew move . a few second later , he 's in he boxer short , with he hand cross in front of he crotch . johnny grab he and throw he up against the wall . he then yank he boxer down . Matthew immediately cover up he crotch . stanley Matthew , what the hell ? it 's not even hard ! Matthew sweat profusely . sheriff storch well , maybe it 's not totally he fault . after all , she 's not do much to get he motor run . sheriff storch look back to Jennifer . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) dance . Jennifer begin to cry again . isoyg pink 10/29/09 41 . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) stop it . or else I will really give you something to cry about . now dance for the boy ... Jennifer start to dance in the middle of the room . it be sad , pathetic , and downright frightening . johnny come on . move that rear of you 's show horse . prance for we . sheriff storch stalk around she , take it all in , then he walk back in closer to she , in she face . sheriff storch you dance like that in that city club ? Jennifer close she eye . tear stream down she face . stanley she dance like that they would throw she butt to the curb . johnny prance like you mean it . like you do when you want to get laid . with a swift , hard backhand , sheriff storch smack she ass and hard . andy that will get she move . the guy hoot and holler . except for Matthew , who look as if he too be about to cry . matthew ok..kkay , I will d... do it . Matthew walk slowly over to Jennifer . with no warning , Matthew take Jennifer 's face in he hand and kiss she . the man howl with sadistic glee . Jennifer slap he right across the face , then she try to run but -- sheriff storch force she to the ground . he walk up to Matthew . sheriff storch do not waste my time you thickhead prick . isoyg pink 10/29/09 42. johnny push Matthew down on top of she . Jennifer instinctively swing and connect with Matthew 's face - he recoil in pain - but the guy cheer he on as they decide to help he out . Andy tear open she shirt , johnny yank down she panty . Jennifer claw and kick at all of they as she desperately try to fight he off . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) get she leg ! sheriff storch kneel down and hold Jennifer 's arm above she head . johnny take one leg ; Andy take the other . Matthew move on top of she . Jennifer let out a inhuman scream , the vocal culmination of it all . on jennifer be face : her eye be tightly shut as she go in and out of focus . suddenly , a cell phone ring . sheriff storch look down at he pocket , then over to stanley . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) put that thing down and hold she arm , keep she quiet . stanley place the cam on top of the table - it 's still get everything . sheriff storch walk a few pace away from the rape . he look down at the screen of he phone . on the phone be a photo of a angelic little girl with the banner of chastity . storch press a button . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello , angel . chastity ( v.0 . ) hi , daddy . you at the station ? Jennifer scream out . sheriff storch keep he attention on the phone call . sheriff storch ( into phone ) no , angel . out on a call . wideshot : in the foreground , sheriff storch speak casually to he daughter . in the background , Jennifer 's leg be the only visual cue of the struggle that go on right behind . isoyg pink 10/29/09 43. chastity ( v.0 . ) oh , sorry . sheriff storch ( into phone ) it 's okay . you need something ? chastity ( v.0 . ) daddy it 's Sunday . you always make breakfast before church . sheriff storch ( into phone ) yeah , yeah ... well , daddy 's busy , angel . tell mother I be run a little late . sheriff storch stare at the phone for a second , then slide the phone back into he pocket . as he turn back around Jennifer , with all she strength , buck Matthew off . the guy start laugh hysterically . she finally get she hand free and land a barrage of punch in Matthew 's face . johnny Jesus , Matthew . you be get you ass whoope by a girl ! Matthew snap : he wrap he hand around she neck and begin pump away like a lunatic . for some reason , the anger allow he to perform . Jennifer struggle to breathe . luckily , before all oxygen to she brain be cut off , Matthew stop . he scream as he finish . his hand fall from she neck as he collapse on top of she . the men all cheer as Matthew stagger to he foot -- weak . he look like he could throw up -- and he do - right off to the side as the other just lose it ! Jennifer curl herself into a ball and sob . sheriff storch ( to matthew ) you can thank we later . Matthew recover , get up and run to the bathroom . johnny point to the vomit . isoyg pink 10/29/09 44 . johnny ( to stanley ) clean this shit up . stanley make she do it . johnny ( angrily ) just do it you piece of shit ! Jennifer grab the end of the coffee table and force herself up . she steady herself , keep one hand on the wall , and stumble to the back door . surprisingly , none of the man attempt to stop she . they do not even look in she direction . Jennifer stagger out the back door , try to catch she breath as she fearfully stumble off into the wood . 42 ext . wood - day 42 like a zombie , Jennifer shuffles through the wood , oblivious to the cold air , rock , thorns , mud , as she bare foot move she along . she desperately continue on through , look for a way out . but in she state , she have no sense of navigation . she continue to lose herself further and further into the forest . as she finally step into the clear , the melancholy note of a harmonica shatter the stillness ... she 's make she way to - 43 ext . fishing hole - day 43 Andy sit on a log blow softly into the harmonica as the rest of the guy lounge around casually as if they instinctively know she would end up here . Jennifer be too shocked to move , too tired to cry . Jennifer try to escape but johnny stop she . he grab she by the shoulder and throw she to Andy who smack she down in the shallow water . Andy pounce down on she back . stanley kneel down right in front of Jennifer 's face . he place the minidv cam only a few foot in front of she . he then turn the lcd so it 's face Jennifer -- so she can actually watch herself be abuse . Andy pull she eyelid wide open and hold they there . isoyg pink 10/29/09 44a . stanley you ever get mace in you eye , bitch ? it smart . isoyg pink 10/29/09 45 . Andy shove she face down into the water - then pull she up . on minidv cam : eye pried wide open , Jennifer gag as the dirty water pour from she nose - mouth - she desperately try to breathe -- Andy shove she face down again and again as stanley film . stanley ( cont 'd ) hold she head down ! hold it down !! johnny alright . this filly 's get a few more race to run -- sheriff storch approach Jennifer . although she can not even turn around , she sense they presence . storch get down into she face . sheriff storch I hope you get some fight leave in you . I like it rough . jennifer ( barely audible ) please . please . I be ... so hurt ... sheriff storch spit onto the ground . sheriff storch not to worry darlin ' . I be a ass man . sheriff storch take off he belt and unbuckle he pants . he kneel down behind she .. Jennifer shriek as she face contort with a completely new level of pain as she head be thrust back down . then , out of the corner of she eye , Jennifer catch a glimpse of the sheriff 's gun , still sit in its holster . her eye immediately go to stanley who 's busy swapping out the mini - dv tape and replace it with a new one -- then she see Matthew lean against a tree , a vacant look in he eye twist a rubber band through he finger . Andy site on be ass , play he harmonica ... her eye continue to scan the area for johnny who 's nowhere in sight . then immediately she eye dart back to the gun . isoyg pink 10/29/09 45a . as Jennifer 's body be be jerk back and forth , she reach - and reach - closer with each stretch when -- isoyg pink 10/29/09 46 . a heavy work boot come down on she hand , crush it . Jennifer look up . johnny glare down at she , then unzip he pants as he move in closer to she face . johnny no tooth show horse . no tooth . her vision grow hazy . the sky , water , and ground all seem to meld together . to black : back in on : 44 ext . fishing hole - later 44 cruel laughter bring Jennifer back to . somehow she manage to lift she head to see stanley pull up he pants . andy wow , stanley , 30 second . must be a record for you . johnny do not you know you should wait for the lady ? stanley bitch be too tight , even after ya will ... side , she 's all bloody ... I want to finish up . andy right and we think Matthew here be gonna be the pussy . johnny do not be so proud of yourself Andy . I clocked you at just over two minute . Jennifer muster up she last ounce of strength and get to she foot . the man all stare , impressed at she resolve . Jennifer 's tear clothes hang loosely off she body as she stagger away and wander aimlessly away from they . it 's a miracle she can even walk . she continue until the forest end and she come upon a-- isoyg pink 10/29/09 46a . 45 ext . wood - day 45 she stagger up to the edge of the wood and come to a clear , she lean on a tree and sob hysterically , break down . aa45 ext . bridge , tree - day aa45 ahead of she a dirt road lead to a small bridge and a open area . painfully she stagger towards the bridge , she beat and bruise body pain with each step . isoyg pink 10/29/09 47 . the other appear behind she . they laugh at she as she continue further down the bridge . a45 ext . bridge - day a45 Jennifer do not bother to turn around . she continue down the bridge , look at the rush water on both side . she move to one of the railing . the sheriff look at she and cock the shotgun . sheriff storch sorry . it be fun while it last . johnny yeah , too bad we have to put you down , show horse . in a final act of defiance , Jennifer fall back off the bridge and into the murky , move water . immediately , the man rush to the edge of the bridge . the sheriff 's gun cocked and ready -- track down the water - not a sign . they all look down , wait , still nothing . stanley where would she go ? andy she 's gotta come up for air sometime . stanley current 's get she . shit , in she condition she 's already drown . johnny look to the sheriff who 's gun be train on the water wait for something ... anything . johnny sheriff ? sheriff storch pull back he gun , and adjust he hat , deep in think . isoyg pink 10/29/09 47a . sheriff storch all you get you butt down there , check under the bridge , both bank , in the tree right now . they all look at he . andy I be not get my wader ... sheriff storch I say right fuekin ' now before I throw you over ! 46 ext . bridge -- day 46 the guy have return . they be all muddy and wet . storch stand stoic still look down at the water . he turn to they . johnny nothin ' ... sheriff storch listen up . ' Bout six mile downstream the creek end in hendersonville . somewhere between here and there we be gonna find she . we split up . we check the bank , in the timber , under a rock , hell if you see a hole big enough for a rat I want it check out . and do not stop ' till you find I a body . ( beat ) do not just stand there , get ! stanley ( exasperated ) six mile , sheriff ? she 's at the bottom of the river . she 's gator bait . I think we should just let it go . a single vein pulse in sheriff storch 's temple . he grab stanley by the collar . sheriff storch ( pure rage ) you think ? you do not have a fuck think . ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 47b . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) you just shut you trap and do every goddamn thing I say . I get a wife a kid and one in the oven . there be no way that I be go to let anything happen to they because you be too stupid and too sloppy to clean up you fuckin ' mess . the weight of the sheriff 's word register on all of they ... except Matthew who oddly enough have start to come around -- as if he just wake up in the middle of this nightmare . matthew she slip and fall ! Matthew stand up , nervous , jittery , come unglue . matthew ( cont 'd ) none of we touch she . I see it . she be just ... it be a accident . johnny roll he eye and shake he head . sheriff storch can someone get this dipshit outta my face ! I do not need none of you screwing the pooch on this , least of all numbnut over there . sheriff storch let go of stanley 's collar and give it a quick pat , almost like a imperceptible apology for he behavior . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) now let 's move ... find I a body ! 46 omitted 46 isoyg pink 10/29/09 48. 47 ext . hendersonville river - day 47 the reservoir be much calmer at this part . sheriff stand on watch as - stanley and Andy come from the water in wader have just searched the water . Matthew stand where they just come from . he stay , stare at the swamp like water as if Jennifer be somewhere in there . johnny finish off a cigarette and flick it . isoyg pink 10/29/09 49 . andy nothing . not a damn thing . johnny well , what now ? storch take another look down the river , scan it . sheriff storch the body will turn up . one way or another . every day we check the ravine , from the bridge , straight through down here , then back . two shift a day until we find something . ' Cause with no body , you be all as fuck as she be . stanley for how long ? sheriff storch ' til I say ! okay ?! Andy , you go back to the cabin and get rid of she shit . all of it ! burn it . and we need to sanitize that place something good . I do not want so much as a stray hair leave . ( to johnny ) get she car to the shop . Strip it down to its last damn nut . johnny I will buff out the serial number too . sell the part at salvage . storch nod in approval as he eye wander to the camera . sheriff storch .and give I that . sheriff storch rip the camera from stanley 's hand . he pull out the tape . he throw the tape to the ground and stomp on it , smash it to bit . stanley open he mouth to say something , think better of it , and close it quickly . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) the fuck be you save that for moron ? ( beat ) swear to Christ . ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 50 . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) I need all you on point . I mean , on fuckin ' point . we clear ? ( beat ) now let 's go , we get shit to do . Matthew continue to stare off into the distance , waist deep in the water . 48 er 's . wood - dusk 48 close up on a match . dirty finger pull the match across the flint on the side of a matchbox . the match explode to life . a hand drop the match on top of Jennifer 's belonging : she clothes , laptop , the dry goods she purchase at the store . it 's all pile up on the grass . johnny , stanley , and Andy watch quietly as the flame and smoke from the fire reach into the sky . Andy throw a metal container of gasoline onto the ground . andy so that 's everything . right down to she little tit sling . johnny and there be no trace at all ? nothing in the wood ? in the shallow ? Andy shake he head . stanley rub he eye hard . stanley I be starve , man . johnny well be not that the headline . soon as we finish this and haul she car into the garage , you can stuff you face ' till you puke . ( to andy ) what the hell happen to Matthew ? andy idiot want to stay there . he be walk around in the water , look for she like some craze dog after a bone . johnny Jesus Christ . he 's not play with a full deck as it be . ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 50a . johnny ( cont 'd ) the last thing we need be he get squirrelly on we . ( look at the two of they ) ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 51 . johnny ( cont -d ) we all get to make sure he keep it together , okay ? ( they nod ) least until all this shit blow over . the flame rise up and engulf she remain personal item . 49 ext . sheriff storch house - night 49 sheriff storch pull up to he house . he park in the driveway and get out of he car . he walk slowly up to he front door . just as he reach out to grab the door handle , the front door open . mrs . storch be there to greet he . mrs . storch go all day . I get nervous . anything worth tell ? 50 int . sheriff storch house - night 50 Mrs. storch close the door behind they . chastity race from she room hold a piece of paper . chastity daddy ! daddy ! sheriff storch pick up he daughter and kiss she head . sheriff storch just the usual , domestic dispute out near clifton . take forever . ( beat ) get anything on the stove ? mrs . storch sure . I will reheat it . ( re : chastity ) you will be proud . chastity bring forth the piece of paper . sheriff turn to she . sheriff storch oh yeah , what be I gonna be proud of ? isoyg pink 10/29/09 52 . chastity I be accept to the honors program , daddy . can you believe it ? sheriff put she down . proud . sheriff storch of course I can . I expect nothing less from my angel . ( beat ) mommy and I be proud of you . Real proud . ( beat ) alright . I be gonna shower up . sheriff walk of as Mrs. storch watch for a second and then head into the kitchen . 51 ext . earl' place - day 51 sheriff storch 's cruiser pull up to Earl 's house and come to a stop in a cloud of dust . 52 ext . earl' place - day 52 sheriff storch stand on Earl 's porch , pound on the door . earl ( o.s. ) it 's open . sheriff storch push open the screen door . 53 int . earl' place - day 53 he enter . immediately , he bring he hand to he mouth and cough violently . sheriff storch every time I come in here this place get worse . Earl 's bent over one of the tank , elbow - deep in fetid water . earl yeah , but business get better . that 's the trade off . isoyg pink 10/29/09 53. sheriff storch yeah , well , you be lucky I do not cite you for be a public health hazard . sheriff storch reach into he pocket and pull out a set of key . he hold they in the air and jingles they . Earl finally look up , confuse . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) mockingbird Trail . earl mockingbird Trail , what ? -- oh , right , miss Hills . what happen ? she leave ? sheriff storch yeah , I could not make head or tail of it . found marijuana cigarettes , case of booze , look to I like she be a party girl ... a very wild one . earl yeah , yeah . I have she peg from minute one . she wreck the place ? sheriff storch Nah , place be fine . she pack up and split . earl my lucky day . sheriff storch why 's that ? earl no refund policy . sheriff storch Christmas come early . enjoy it . earl ( change the subject ) speak of early , only a month ' till quail season . do not know about you but I be get tired of shoot squirrel . sheriff storch I too . isoyg pink 10/29/09 54 . Earl nod . sheriff tip he hat and walk out . dissolve to : 54 ext . hendersonville river - day 54 the camera tilt down from the treeline and fall back on hendersonville . it 's serene , peaceful and lonely . Matthew sit in a small boat . he 's be patrol for Jennifer 's body , but now the boat just sit in the middle of the swamp where the river run out . he stare out into the water as we slowly creep closer , and closer until we be extremely close on he face , he eye unmove . a55 ext . service station - day a55 Pov : a car with two woman pull up to the gas pump . johnny come out of the garage and saunter over to they . johnny playfully harass the woman . to a casual observer , it would seem harmless . but we know it could be the prelude to something unspeakable . finally , the woman pull away . johnny walk back into the garage , a smug , self - satisfied smile on he face . 55 int . service station , garage - day 55 Andy be bent over Jennifer 's car , or at least what 's leave of it . at this point , it 's nothing more than a shell . he wear a welding helmet and be hard at work with a blowtorch . andy ( from under the car ) round up some tail out there ? johnny maybe . guarantee you they will be back . johnny look up as stanley stumble into the garage , hold a six pack of beer . stanley it 's happy hour . isoyg pink 10/29/09 55 . johnny open he hand , signal stanley to toss he a can . Andy shut off the blowtorch and lift up the helmet . andy Fucking A. johnny crack open the beer and take a gulp . he wipe the back of he hand across he mouth . johnny ( to stanley ) you buy beer ? what would you mother put you back on a allowance ? they all laugh . stanley just figure we deserve a break . Andy hold up he beer in a mock toast . andy to you moma . johnny point to Andy , he beer still in he hand . johnny just one , you hear I ? do not need you pass out on you watch you lightweight . Andy take a large sip . andy heck , just let Matthew take all the shift . he 's be down there everyday anyway . even when it 's not he turn . they all look to one another . johnny the fuck 's he do down there ? andy I do not know . last time I see he , he be not lookin ' too good . maybe we should give he a break . pull he off all together . isoyg pink 10/29/09 56 . stanley bullshit . it 's be over two week . I be tired of search . if she do not turn up yet , she be not gonna . johnny you will keep lookin ' till I tell ya ' to stop . as he turn away there be a bag of stanley 's pork rind , he grab it and throw it at stanley . johnny ( cont 'd ) here 's you supplies . Andy start to laugh as johnny exit . 56 ext . service station - day 56 from a distance we see Andy laugh and johnny walk off . 57 omitted 57 a57 int . cabin - day ( formerly scene 62 ) a57 Matthew stand in the main room stare at the floor - the exact place where he rape Jennifer . after a long , draw out moment , he turn and walk to -- b57 int . cabin , bathroom - day ( forherly scene 62 ) b57 he look down to the toilet , then the bathtub . he turn around accidentally catch he reflection in the mirror . isoyg pink 10/29/09 57 . his greasy , unkempt hair hang in front of he eye . he push it to the side and stare at himself for a long time . finally , Matthew reach to the light switch , he flick it off . immediately , the room go dark . but the second it do ... jennifer be sit on the bed just like when they first meet . dead , drenched , beaten , batter , and decayed , but it be jennifer -- Matthew be paralyze with fear , he try to turn as a grizzly , decaye hand grab he forehead . another grab hold of he throat . a mouth cake with dirt and dry blood begin to kiss up he neck , he face - Matthew scream wildly 58 ext . sheriff storch house - night 58 the sheriff 's car sit in the driveway . it 's dark , but for the light from a tv strobing against the drape . 59 int . sheriff storch house - night 59 all be quiet . sheriff storch recline in he lazyboy . Mrs. storch be on the sofa rifling through a tv journal . the phone ring . sheriff storch lift he head up . Mrs. storch reach over and answer . mrs . storch ( into phone ) hello ? ( hand it to he ) it 's Earl . storch take the phone from she . sheriff storch Earl ? 60 int . earl' place -- night 60 Earl fidget with he tank , clean , scraping alga . but you can tell he 's nervous about something . isoyg pink 10/29/09 58 . earl yeah , so , this woman leave a message on the machine . Barbara something or other . sheriff storch yeah , so ... earl she be look for that miss Hills . say no one 's see she in over a month . ai not that about when she split ? sheriff storch yeah , and ... you know the story . earl I do not know . I be not there . I think you should call she back . I mean heck , sheriff , you may have be the last person to see she . the sheriff 's blood start to boil , he want to say more , but look to he wife ... then control himself . earl ( cont 'd ) sheriff ? sheriff storch okay . I will give she a call . earl good . you want the number ? sheriff storch Nah , it 's late . I will pick it up from you in the be . we be still on for tomorrow , right ? earl yeah , of course . sheriff storch hang up . Mrs. storch look up . mrs . storch be everything okay ? sheriff storch just fine . 19 l5 V mon - I iwo 29 iv99 60/6Z / ox hkld oaosi isoyg pink 10/29/09 59 . 62 omitted - now 857 62 63 ext . wood - day 63 blam : a shotgun blast as smoke billow from the barrel . in the distance , the shape of sheriff storch and Earl come into focus . sheriff storch can you believe there use to be a limit on quail ? goddamn thing be like locust now . earl much to we good fortune . Earl point to a nearby log . earl ( cont 'd ) let 's take a break . my dog be bark something fierce . Earl plop down on the log . sheriff storch you be get old , Earl . I remember back when you and my old man chase that buck out of the hollow on stickler 's farm before bag it . earl ( laugh ) that be the good of day . sheriff storch join Earl on the log . he reach into he hunt bag and pull out a bottle of really good whiskey . sheriff storch here 's to the good of day . Earl look at he , surprised . earl ( re : bottle ) wow , fan-cy . to what do I owe ? sheriff storch smile , screw off the top , and pass the bottle to Earl . Earl take a swig . isoyg pink 10/29/09 60 . earl ( cont 'd ) some damn fine whiskey . usually do not have that ' cept at baptism and wedding . sheriff storch and funeral . blam : -- Earl 's chest erupt in a geyser of blood . Earl drop to the ground like a rag doll . the bottle fall from he grasp . the whisky flow into the dirt . sheriff storch stand up , clutching he smoking shotgun . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) loose end , Earl . loose end ... sheriff storch hover over he prey . suddenly , Earl 's body spasm . his eye flicker and a nauseate gurgle sound from deep in he throat . blam : -- sheriff storch cross himself -- touch he forehead and both shoulder -- turn away from the corpse . 64 omitted 64 65 ext . johnny' house , porch - day 65 johnny and Andy be sit on the porch in lawn chair drink beer . both of they turn to see stanley bound up to the station in a tizzy . andy jeez look at this . johnny something 's spook the cattle . stanley it 's go ! it 's fuck go ] stanley storm into the garage . andy Jesus , stanley . calm down . isoyg pink 10/29/09 61 . johnny what the hell 's get you nut tie in a sling ? stanley be completely out of breath . stanley it 's go . my camera . it 's go ! Andy look at he , visibly annoyed . andy maybe you accidentally eat it ? stanley fuck off , this be serious ! johnny shake he head . stanley ( cont 'd ) it have the tape in it . johnny the hell you talk about ? stanley the tape , johnny . the goddamn tape ! johnny wait a minute . you mean the one storch smashed to bit . that tape ? stanley he do not smash shit . I put in a new one ... sheriff stomp the one with nothing on it . johnny you stupid retard piece of shit . you tellin ' I you keep the tape ? johnny grab stanley by the neck and slam he up against a car , and begin to strangle the life out of he . johnny ( cont 'd ) where be it ?! stanley ( struggle to breathe ) I ... do not ... please -- i aaq 'caH ' vt9 60/6Z / ot xxid j2osi isoyg pink 10/29/09 62 . finally , Andy intercede pry johnny 's hand off stanley 's neck . stanley fall to the ground , gasp for breath . johnny kick he in the ribcage . johnny you be too dumb to know how dumb you be . where 's the fuckin' tape ?! stanley ( struggle to breathe ) I have it . now it 's go . andy be ya rob ? or do you leave it somewhere ? stanley it be in my place ... I swear it . johnny who else know about it ? a beat of silence hang in theair . stanley Matthew . I show it to he . off all they incredulous look . stanley ( cont 'd ) be try to cheer he up . johnny the kid 's barely get one oar in the water and you just take it and shove it up he ass . Andy walk by stanley and slap he in the head for good measure . johnny ( cont 'd ) unfreakin ' real . do you understand the world of shit we be all in right now . do you ?! ( beat ) you think Earl be some hunt accident ? either of you ? bullshit . storch be come unglue . we be all in he crosshair . all of we ! ( beat ) ( more ) - 's of 94tt 4tus ptdn4s atuo op pua ob noc pua â ¢ â ¢â¢ ( a , inoo ) xnnhop â¢ vz9 60/6Z/0t inil oxosi isoyg pink 10/29/09 63. stanley be still on the ground , make disgusting noise . a combination of sobbing , puke , and wheeze . stanley you can not tell he johnny . you can not . johnny ponder for a second . andy shit for brain here 's right . we gotta stick together now . stanley please , johnny . he find out about this ... that I have the tape --- johnny no ... no . we do not breathe a word of this . ( point to they both ) not a damn word . sheriff get wind of this , we will all be have " hunt accident " : we clear ? johnny slap stanley in the head again for good measure . johnny ( cont 'd ) in the meantime , find that little shitwhit Matthew . I and he be gonna have a talk . 66 int . johnny' house - night 66 johnny recline on he couch , watch tv . one hand be down he pants and the other hold a bottle of whisky . suddenly , there 's a crash at he front door . johnny look up and put down the bottle , not overly concerned . johnny hello ? no answer at the door . johnny groan and get off the couch , annoyed at be disturb . he walk over to the front door and yank it open . the front porch be empty . just as he 's about to close the door , he glance down . there 's a dead bird on the stoop . johnny narrow he eye and look out into the night . then he close the door and return to the couch . isoyg pink 10/29/09 64 . but as soon as he pick up the bottle , there 's another crash at the front door . johnny , now piss , race to the front door and swing it open . a second dead bird have join the first . without close the door , johnny back up into he house . a few second later , he return to the front door , pistol in hand . he step out onto the porch . 67 ext . johnny' house , back porch - night 67 johnny hold the gun in front of he . he pivot slowly from side to side , scan the entire property . no more bird . in fact , nothing at all . Dead silence . johnny ( threatening ) who 's out there ?! no answer . johnny ( cont 'd ) shit be not funny fucker !!! see how funny a bullet in you ass be ! when there 's still no response -- johnny finally back up into the house and close the door . 68 int . johnny' house - night 68 again , back to the couch . and again , the second he ass hit the cushion , another crash . johnny get dammit ! this time , johnny race to the door and yank it open , cock the gun on the way and fire into the night . 69 ext . johnny' house , back porch - night 69 johnny causally look down - but this time it 's not a bird . it 's a shoe ... Jennifer 's shoe . johnny bend down and pick it up . he study it . frown . someone 's go too far . then he hear something scurry off in - the distance . isoyg pink 10/29/09 64a . quickly johnny give chase - leaping off he porch and racing in the direction of the sound . isoyg pink 10/29/09 65 . johnny stop , listen , and wait . nothing but silence . he turn around in all direction . johnny spit and turn around to walk back and as he do , he notice one of Matthew 's color rubber band lie in the mud . johnny ( under breath ) Son of a bitch . 70 int . sheriff starch house - day 70 sheriff storch enter , hold a bouquet of flower . he close the door behind he and walk in . sheriff storch helen ? within second , Mrs. storch materialize , apron on and wiping she hand on a dish towel . mrs . storch oh , they be beautiful ... sheriff storch walk over and give she a kiss on the cheek . sheriff storch I have be -- mrs . storch no need to explain . you just bury you close friend . and you have not take a single day off . you be only human . sheriff storch I guess . mrs . storch hey , maybe you can help I while I put this in water . sheriff storch help with what ? mrs . storch we get this tape deliver it do not fit we machine . sheriff storch what tape ? isoyg pink 10/29/09 66 . Mrs. storch scurries over to the coffee table , grab the minidv tape and hand it to he . mrs . storch it come this morning ... but as storch look over the tape , the color , the marking ... no , it could not be , he smashed that tape . mrs . storch ( cont 'd ) I think it might be chastity 's recital . sheriff storch do chastity see this ? mrs . storch no , like I say , we could not get it to play . sheriff storch where be she ? mrs . storch sleep , why ? storch wipe he face with he hand , then shove the tape into he shirt pocket . sheriff storch I will ... I will be back ... sheriff storch quickly turn away from he wife and hurry out the door . Mrs. storch stand at the door and watch with grow curiosity as the cruiser peel out of the driveway , a cloud of dust in its wake . 71 ext . johnny' house - day 71 Andy and stanley pull up and get out of the truck as johnny 's be pace . andy so what 's all this about , johnny ? johnny take out Jennifer 's shoe and throw it at they . they both dodge a hit and look at the shoe on the ground . isoyg pink 10/29/09 66a . stanley ( terrified ) where would you get that ? isoyg pink 10/29/09 67 . johnny somebody throw it at my fuckin ' door . then snap Matthew 's rubber band at they it hit stanley who wince . stanley jee , Matthew ? come on -- johnny do either of you find that little prick ? andy no . no one know where he be -- suddenly , a car screech up - it 's storch and it look as if he be go to drive he cruiser straight through the fence . stanley ah shit . this be not good . johnny pick the shoe up . storch blast out of he car , shotgun in hand . he cock he shotgun and level it directly at stanley as he back he up , plant the shotgun into he cheek . stanley ( cont 'd ) ( crying ) please , sheriff ! I do not do anything . sheriff storch then you want to tell I why this be drop off at my house ?! to my wife ! storch shove the tape in stanley 's mouth - gag he . then turn to johnny . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) what 's on that tape ?! be this some kind of fuck up joke ? I smashed the damn thing myself ! johnny Nah , genius over here reload . tape you smashed have nothing on it . storch look to johnny - then snap he gun towards he . lstu4 4 noq maui nox hoioss 33i'dshs ' 1l9 6o/6z / o1 ) nld dxosi isoyg pink 10/29/09 68 . johnny hey , I just find out myself . storch swing the gun back to stanley . sheriff storch eat that tape fatboy . Andy start to laugh as starch train the gun back on they - storch shut you pie hole . think this be funny ?! I will have he shit it down you throat when 's he do eat it . get that boy ? . lam ; the sheriff fire a shot into the air . they all jump , stanley cover he ear like it hurt . sheriff storch see , there 's two kind of crazy people . one like to get buck naked and howl at the moon . the other kind do the exact same thing , only in my backyard . the first kind ' I do not have to deal with , you know ? the sheriff walk right into stanley 's face as he continue to chew the plastic . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) the second kind , well ... you be in my yard . johnny it 's Matthew , sheriff . stanley keep the souvenir , but Matthew 's the one that take it . the sheriff back off a beat , size up the situation . johnny bring forth the shoe . sheriff 's eye seethe with rage . johnny ( cont 'd ) the crazy bastard leave I a present . andy Fucking retard be obsessed with she . I think he actually feel guilty . isoyg pink 10/29/09 6 $ A. sheriff storch you dipshit bring he to I ! I be gonna cut he little pecker off and use it as a goddamn hood ornament . ( to stanley ) ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 69 . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) and that 's after I be do shove it up you dirt hole . now where be he ?! storch take a deep breath . he look at all of they , fume . andy we do not know . be not come around much . johnny much ? at all . kid 's fuck three way to Sunday . we can not find he and trust I , we be look . sheriff storch you loser could not find you own ass with both hand and a map . ( beat ) you get 24 hour . you understand ? I will not hesitate . not for one second . he fix they all with a steely gaze and load the shotgun again . 72 ext . cabin - day 72 Matthew , dishevel and weary , stumble up the step of the cabin . we get the feel that this be almost a daily pilgrimage , as if he return here to assuage he guilt . he rest he head on the wooden railing of the porch , for a moment it look as if he 's about to cry . voice ( o.s. ) ( from inside the cabin ; creepy and ethereal ) Matthew ... Matthew 's head snap up . he 's almost certain he imagine it , just like he 's be imagine many thing this day . voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) math...ewwww ... matthew who 's there ? Matthew walk cautiously into the cabin . isoyg pink 10/29/09 70 . 73 int . cabin - day 73 but there be no one in sight . Matthew look around from side to side , he eye wide , fill with madness ... . and then , he hear it again . voice ( o.s. ) math ... eeeeeee ... . you ... it 's come from upstairs - Matthew sprint up . 74 int . cabin , upstair - day 74 Matthew , wild - eye and panicked , get to the top of the step . he take a heavy breath and then move into the lone bedroom . second later he come out , obviously empty . matthew ( scream ) where be you ?! barely a second later , he receive he answer . voice ( o.s. ) Matthew ... this time , it 's definitely come from downstairs . Matthew glance down the staircase . when he see that nobody be wait at the bottom , he head down there . but once he foot touch the third step , the board give out as Matthew crash down the step , ass -over - tea kettle . 75 int . cabin - day 75 matthew' Pov : his vision be completely blurry . he struggle to get he bearing as he lay at the bottom of the stair ; the side of he head rest on the floor . a thin line of blood have already start to run down he cheek . Matthew 's vision start to come back into focus as a blurry image start to move away from he . as the image get further away - it come into focus - jennifer we see she now , wound heal , only the faintest hint of the beat and trauma she go through . isoyg pink 10/29/09 71 . Matthew grunt and groan as he try to get up -- matthew ( stammer ) I ... I know you be alive . I know it . Jennifer turn to he now . jennifer how do you know , Matthew ? Matthew prop himself up with he hand and manage to get into a sit position . matthew huh ? jennifer how do you know I be alive ? be you sure you be ' not dream again ? Matthew shake he head quickly from side to side . he 's not sure of anything any more . matthew I ...am I dream ? Jennifer pat the couch next to she . jennifer come here . come sit down . Matthew stagger to he foot . he 's overcome with emotion . matthew I ... I ... need to tell ... Jennifer hold a single finger to she lip . isoyg pink 10/29/09 72 . jennifer shh ... it 's all okay , Matthew . I know that none of this be you fault . you try to help I . matthew I do ... I really do . jennifer I know that , Matthew . now come . Matthew sit down next to Jennifer . it 's almost as if some force be control he . Matthew look into she eye . he lean forward and rest he head in Jennifer 's lap . he finally let himself go , like a child have a meltdown . matthew ( sobbing ) I be sorry . I be so , so sorry . jennifer ( stroking he head ) shh ... I know . I know you be . Matthew 's so catch up in the moment , that he fail to notice a rope from the tool shed with a good slit knot be snake around he neck . jennifer ( cont 'd ) but tell I again , Matthew . I want to hear how sorry you be . Matthew 's eye fly open . Jennifer 's hand jerk backwards . the rope dig into he flesh . he try to speak but he windpipe can not produce any sound . Matthew roll to the floor , Jennifer never lose she grasp . she stand over Matthew , twist the rope as hard as she can . his eye bulge , the vein in he face protrude -- realizing he 's about to slip away forever , Matthew display one last burst of strength but Jennifer use she leverage to get she foot on he chest and pull harder . frightened and furious , Matthew whip Jennifer around again . but she refuse to let go . isoxg pink 10/29/09 73. finally , Matthew 's body have have enough . he foot stop kick and just twitch . then he just gasp like a fish die out of water . Jennifer bend over Matthew . she 's only inch from he face . he 's alive , but in terrible shape . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( whisper in he ear ) tell I again ... close on : Matthew 's mouth . he can not actually speak ; he voice box shattered . but he mouth the word . matthew ( struggling ) I be sorry . jennifer I be sorry ? that 's just not good enough . she pull the slip knot around he neck again and begin to choke he -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) now I want you to cry like a little girl for I . Matthew begin to wail . a75 ext . cabin , day a75 matthews scream echoe out through wood , but he , much like Jennifer , go unheard . dissolve to : b75 ext . wood . night b75 silence . a full moon hang low in the night sky , casting a eerie glow over the entire area . a sense of calm restore . dissolve to : c75 int . dilapidated house - night c75 Jennifer walk into focus - we see she now , wound heal , only the faintest hint of the beat and trauma she go through . isoyg pink 10/29/09 73a . but in she eye --- she eye still tell the whole story . this be no longer the Jennifer we have know . she look down . angle on : a bible , the old moldy one from the dilapidate shack . it rest on the windowsill - open to a passage . czro$e on : exodus 21:23 - 25 : . and if any mischief follow , than thou shalt give life for life , Eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot , Burning for burn , wound for wound , stripe for stripe .. Jennifer look up . jennifer forgive I father , for I will sin . 76 EST . hendersonville river - day 76 Andy and stanley make they way to the fall . they carry flashlight , but they be turn off as day have break . stanley shovel pork rind into he mouth , and offer some to Andy . they be tired , weary , and you get the sense they have be look all night . stanley you want some ? my last bag . andy no , get that shit out of my face . stanley what 's you problem ? andy I be tired , I be hungry -- stanley I offer you -- andy I do not want that shit . I want real food , I want my bed , I want this bullshit to be over . stanley well the sooner we find Matthew ... andy yeah , that 's right . the sooner we find Matthew what ? Zgeum upau1 noa op q 'qm xsunvis ' sel 60/6Z/01 xnid jxosi isoyg pink 10/29/09 74 . andy ai not it obvious ? we drag that homo back to the sheriff , he 's a dead man . stanley so what ? better he than I . andy ( angrily ) you keep the tape ! we be all get heat for you stupidity ! ( beat ) now let 's just split up and get this over with . they both separate . stanley head around into the wood , Andy head the other way . 77 ext . hendersonville river , wood - day 77 we be with stanley as he walk further into the wood , he eye scan in all direction ... but there be nothing there . 78 ext . hendersonville river , waterline - day 78 we be with Andy as he walk the waterline . andy Matthew ?! then , Andy notice a uneven ripple in the water . he think nothing of it ... until it happen again . this catch he eye . slowly he make he way over . the water have calm now , but still , Andy have a sense that something be not right . andy ( cont 'd ) Matthew ! as he get close to the water - he now see he reflection ... he squint he eye try to get a better look at what be beneath the surface -- whoosh ! something run right behind he back - the entire reflection catch in the water -- Andy spin around - as he stagger into the water - no one be there ... nothing . isoyg pink 10/29/09 74a . just the calm breeze through the tree -- but then a small outcrop of bush rustle as if something just move through . isoyg pink 10/29/09 75 . Andy calm - then make he way over with purpose - andy ( cont 'd ) only make it worse for yourself , Matt . Andy pick up he pace as he near the tree line - right where he see the movement . out of the corner of he eye , he see another branch swinging unnaturally . he race over -- closer : he can actually hear breathe - it 's get louder - andy ( cont 'd ) Matthew ? - stanley jump out -- stanley boo ! andy Jesus ! you bastard ! stanley laugh so hard he start to cough -- just as they be about to continue on - the sound of a harmonica break through . the same eerie tune . andy ( cont 'd ) what the --? stanley prick 's play you song . he look at stanley . andy the hell with the sheriff , I be gonna kill he myself ... matthew !! 79 ext . wood - day 79 Andy and stanley run through the wood , try to find the source of the sound . andy you be ass be grass Matthew !! branch and leave fly by as Andy barrel through the foliage . stanley try to keep up , but it 's no use . isoyg pink 10/29/09 76 . the SOUND change direction - they look off to see someone flash through the tree . andy ( cont 'd ) there he be . that way ! stanley Matthew ! you be a dead man ! they race off after the sound . 80 ext . wood - day 80 they continue on - stanley do not look too good . andy do not you pass out on I . I be not drag you ass back . suddenly , the tune stop . Andy stop in he track , try to figure out which way to proceed . suddenly , stanley hear another sound . crying . stanley hear that ? they be off again . about fifty yard away , hide behind the tree , be the shack . something slip around the side of the structure . stanley immediately spot what he think be Matthew . stanley ( cont 'd ) Matthew ! andy he 's in there all right . stanley good , cause he 's come out in piece . Andy race ahead leave stanley try to catch he breath behind he . 81 int . dilapidated house - day 81 Andy enter . the shack appear as we first see it , only now there be remnant of recent life . andy Matthew ! where the fuck be you ! isoyg pink 10/29/09 77 . under the table be a pile of filthy old clothes . it almost look like ... a makeshift pillow . he pick up a moldy tin can which once contain some preserve meal . he toss it to the ground . 82 ext . dilapidated house - day 82 stanley waddle out the back of the shack . he stop . about twenty yard away and see jennifer lean against a tree . stanley why you little bitch ... stanley race over - just as stanley get close - SNAP !! a hide bear trap clamp down on stanley 's leg - the pain be intense as he scream out - he stagger backwards and fall to the ground in agony stanley ( cont 'd ) oh , God ! oh , my fuck God ! on andy : as he exit the shack to see stanley on the ground writhe in pain . stanley ( cont 'd ) please ! Andy ! my fuck leg ! Andy race over to assist he . as he offer stanley he hand , he notice stanley 's eye catch a glimpse of someone behind he . but as soon as he turn , the wooden bat , the one from the fishing hole , catch he flush across the face ! he 's down and before stanley know it she crack he in the back of the head . to black : back in on : 83 int . dilapidated house - day 83 Andy 's eye flicker open . he see a hand wrapping a rusty wire around the contact of a old car battery . then he look up and see a bare light bulb flicker on . he 's drape lengthwise over a horse trough so he torso be completely over the basin . his arm and leg be secure with rope . isoyg pink 10/29/09 77a . suddenly , the sound of rushing water from inside the trough . Andy look down . a dirty hose hang over the mouth of the trough . Brown water flow from it ... fill it . andy ( pained scream ) help ! somebody ! help I ! isoyg pink 10/29/09 78 . his nose and face be bust - it hurt to scream . with the trough fill up quickly , Andy realize it will not be long until the water be above he head . he crane he neck upwards . after all , be he to stay face down , he would drow -- just like Jennifer would have . 84 ext . dilapidated house day 84 stanley' Pov : it 's Jennifer and in she hand be he video camera . jennifer I know . you like to watch . do not you . do not you worry , I will give you quite a show . she set the camera on top of a tri-pod right in front of he face , frame up and hit record . she look up to he . stanley 's arm be tie behind a tree , he head be hold in position , duct tapped back against the tree . his leg be anchore to the ground . the bloody mangle one still in the bear trap that bite and gnaw at he leg with every move . jennifer ( cont 'd ) since you like to watch . she flip the monitor of the camera toward he just like he do to she . she stand in front of stanley 's face . stanley want to say something but he pain be too intense . jennifer ( cont 'd ) can not talk , can you ? well , maybe it 's because you be hungry . Jennifer go to grab something behind she . jennifer ( cont 'd ) you know , you have to eat some real nasty shit out here to stay alive . stanley bbbb ... bitch ! let I go ! she grab he nose and pull open he mouth shove a maggot infested rodent into he mouth . isoyg pink 10/29/09 79 . jennifer what 's wrong , you do not like it ? I prefer the maggot to the meat . Jennifer site down next to stanley . she glance over to the monitor to see what he be look at . then she reach over and into a burlap sack . stanley stare straight ahead , at the monitor in front of he . Jennifer reach into the burlap bag and take out a roll of fishing line . then she take out a pack of fish hook . stanley 's eye go wide . Jennifer remove the hook from they package . she hold one between she thumb and forefinger and study the barb tip . smiling to herself , she thread the hook with fishing line . stanley wh ... what be you do with that ? jennifer ( laugh ) oh ... just some fishing . I know how much you guy like to fish . finally , when she 's finish , she scurries behind stanley 's head . from behind he , she grab he eyelid and pull it away from the eyeball itself . stanley what be you .. please do not ... then she pop the hook through the lid and pull the fishing line back over he head . stanley scream something fierce as she continue to thread he eyelid open , slowly , methodically , deliver as much pain with every pull of the line , from one eye to the next . his eyeball bulge unnaturally , twitching wildly -- all stanley can do be stare ahead and watch himself on the monitor . jennifer I will be back before you have a chance to blink . Jennifer stand up and brushes herself off and walk to -- with andy : Jennifer come over and slap he in the head . isoyg pink 10/29/09 80 . jennifer ( cont 'd ) how ya ' do sport ? andy please ... please ... I can not ... jennifer please ? I think , no , I be pretty sure you say something like this ... Jennifer grab a wad of he hair and smashes he face into the water - jennifer ( cont 'd ) suck it bitch . she pull he head back up . jennifer ( cont 'd ) do that ring any bell ? Jennifer get real close to he ear -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) suck -- she slam he head back down and hold it - then up -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) it -- she slam he head back down again and hold it then up -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) bi tch . she hold he head down for a very long time as he body struggle - then up . Andy gasp for breath as stanley 's scream get louder -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) I think stanley 's call I . I will be right back . if you need I - she walk off -- isoyg pink 10/29/09 81 . back to stanley : both eyelid hook open , blood and tear stream down he face , a gruesome sight . jennifer ( cont 'd ) like the show so far ? ( beat ) wait , it get better . stanley please ... please ... my eye ... I can not take it anymore ... please ... jennifer let I help you . Jennifer take a slender knife from the bag . work quickly , Jennifer gut a fish . jennifer ( cont 'd ) here , this might feel better . she lean in and smear the bloody fish gut onto stanley 's eyeball . stanley 85 tnt . dilapidated house - day 85 the water have fill up the trough and be overflow . Andy struggle to lift he head up to draw a few quick breath . Jennifer climb onto he back and grab he hair pull he head up . jennifer do not drow too soon . Andy try to buck she off , gasp for breath , buckle under she add weight . Jennifer slam he head back into the water , and then up again ... then down as she hold it . jennifer ( cont 'd ) hold it ... hold it ... hold it ... then she pull he head back up as Andy spit water all over . andy ( choking ) fuck you ... fuck you ... isoyg pink 10/29/09 82. jennifer now be that any way to talk to a lady ? and back down with he head - it be exhaust to watch . with stanley : as a single crow show up by he head . he try to look at the bird to see what it be do , but he can not move . on the monitor : the crow have jump onto stanley 's head - look at he eye -- it begin to peck at they . stanley scream ! on andy : Andy continue to struggle . a few second later , Jennifer return , carry a large bucket . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I be impressed . you get a lot of fight in you . let 's see how you do now . Jennifer bring forth the bucket . andy wha -- what be that ? jennifer oh , just some lye I find lay around . andy Jesus , please , what the - no ! Jennifer pour the lye into the bucket - the fume make Andy gag . but he hold he neck up as long as he can - he do not want to put he face down . Jennifer come around in front of he . jennifer let 's see how long you can keep that pretty little face of yours . Andy strain to keep he head face at she . andy fuck you . isoyg pink 10/29/09 83. jennifer you already do that . I do not enjoy it much . now it 's my turn to fuck you . Andy 's neck be strain to keep he head out . jennifer ( cont 'd ) that 's a awfully big head you get . you neck must be get tired . every vein in he neck now bulge . Andy 's eye start to water with tear . andy ( strained ) please ... jennifer Andy ? andy wh-- what ... jennifer fuck you . Andy 's neck give out dunking he head in the lye bath . he writhes with pain as he lift it back out - beet red and burning -- andy ahhhhhhh !!! Jennifer laugh and walk out of the shack as Andy gasp , choke and spit for he life as - stanley be head be cover in crow . 86 ext . dilapidated house - dusk 86 the crow jump all over peck at stanley 's eye , he cheek - he be a bloody mess as he let out a final guttural scream ! a86 int . dilapidated house - dusk a86 Andy 's body continue to writhe in pain . with yet another burst of strength he lift he head out of the lye-bath revealing a face burnt red , puffy , ooze puss , skin flaking off and he eye be a ghastly , milky white , pussy , and bloody . isoyg pink 10/29/09 83a . finally he body stop convulse . his head and midsection drop into the water . blood seep up the surface from he mouth . b86 ext . dilapidated house - day b86 stanley be dead . his one eye stare straight ahead . where the other one should be , blood have pour all the way to the ground . c86 int . dilapidated house - day c86 Andy be dead . ext . dilapidated house - night the house be quiet now . a light bulb flicker from inside . b87 int . service station - morning b87 johnny site at he desk , a phone plant to he ear . johnny . since when ? since last night ... no sheriff , I be not hear from them . johnny notice something in he small surveillance tv . angle on tv : a truck pull up to the station , a hot woman in a skimpy outfit get out of the truck . she pop the hood obscure she once she do . johnny sit up in he seat . johnny ( cont 'd ) look , like I say , as soon as dipshit or fuckface show up or call in , I will let you know . asap . now I get a customer . johnny hang up and walk out of the station . isoyg pink 10/29/09 84 . 87 ext . service station - morning 87 a truck be park at the pump . its hood be up and a woman lean over the engine . her ass be perfectly frame in a tight miniskirt , from which two , long flawless leg descend into a pair of blood - red high heel . johnny walk over to she , wiping he hand on he bandana as the woman shimmy she hip , almost invite he to approach she . and johnny , be johnny , do not need much . johnny be close enough to touch she . he snicker a bit , never take he eye off she ass . johnny can I fill it up for you , mar 'am ? the woman wear sunglass and slowly turn to johnny . johnny take a long look from bottom to top - and when he get to she face - it register - but before he can do anything , Jennifer swing a tire iron and catch he right across the jaw . a handful of tooth , eject by a spurt of fresh blood as johnny fall face - first into the ground . 88 int . dilapidated house - day 88 johnny be buck -nake . his hand be tie tightly together and pull above he head , run through a eye hook that have be screw into one of the shack 's wooden beam . his eye flicker . Jennifer walk up to he , right to he face . jennifer ( o.s. ) it 's date night . johnny crane he neck and twist he body to see who 's there as Jennifer walk out of the shadow . she saunter up to johnny . jennifer ( cont 'd ) you mouth do not look so good . maybe you should -- with a massive tug she pull back on the bridle that bite into he raw , bloody mouth . isoyg pink 10/29/09 84a . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( seductively ) -- show I you tooth . isoyg pink 10/29/09 85 . johnny fthuckkk you -- he grunt out a hellacious scream as he body buck wildly . jennifer oooh , you be a ornery stallion , be not you ? Jennifer tilt she head and look at he , as you would a fascinating piece of art . jennifer ( cont 'd ) guess I be gonna have to tame you . johnny bithh ... with a bunch of tooth miss , johnny 's lisp be pronounce . Jennifer saunter around he seductively . she remove something from behind she back and bring forth a rusty pair of plier . Jennifer step closer . jennifer oh , that 's the problem . you still have some tooth leave . we be gonna have to fix that . Jennifer clamp the. plier down tightly on johnny 's tooth . he try to move but between the bridle cut into he mouth and the pressure on the tooth , it 's sheer agony . Jennifer jerk she hand from side to side , squeezing the tooth as hard as she can in the plier . finally , the root break free of the pulp and johnny 's tooth be extract . johnny flail around in severe agony . jennifer ( cont 'd ) save you strength . you get a few more race to run . johnny scream something unholy . Jennifer hold the tooth up in the air and inspect it . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I have to admit , I do not think it go that far down . Jennifer stick the plier in again , latching it onto another tooth . isoyg pink 10/29/09 86 . johnny 's eye bulge with fear as he kick and scream pull he shackle taut -- Jennifer rip down on the plier - she face be splatter with blood as the tooth come free . Jennifer discard the tooth and go right back -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) pleath -- as Jennifer begin to extract yet another tooth , johnny 's weary body convulse in so much pain that he actually piss himself . johnny pleath ... for the loth oth thod , jennifer that 's disgusting . even you boy do not piss themselves . be a man , will you ?! Jennifer take the bridle and yank johnny 's around , the pain be so bad he can hardly fight . he grimace and spit out a mouthful of blood at she . jennifer ( cont 'd ) now that 's not gonna get you a sugar cube . ( beat ) aw ... what 's the matter show horse ? I think that 's how you like it ? no tooth ... right ? johnny justh kill I . kill I you bith . jennifer we will get to that . Jennifer pull out a gun . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( sing song ) look who 's here . my boyfriend . remember he ? she take the gun and caress it across he face , he chin , and then she shove it in and out of he mouth . isoyg pink 10/29/09 87 . jennifer ( cont 'd ) give he a kiss . ( beat ) like you really mean it . johnny find renew strength and start to buck and writhe . above : the eye hook be start to pull loose . with every touch of motion , white - hot pain course through johnny 's body . jennifer ( cont 'd ) breathe through you nose . it help . you know , like it be you first time . johnny 's body flail with all he might as - above : the eye hook loosen a bit more -- johnny ( spitting blood ) whore -- jennifer I hear sometimes a stallion can get a little headstrong . they do not want to be train ... refuse to be break ... ( beat ) but everyone have they break point , do not they ? ( beat ) you just have to find it . there 's a way to break any animal . do you know how they do that with horse ? do you , johnny ? I do . she walk away from johnny and pick up the rusted old gardening sheer . she walk back to johnny , menacingly slice the sheer open ... close .. and again ... jennifer ( cont 'd ) you slice off every ounce of they foul manhood . she slice it close again . as Jennifer close in , the look in johnny 's face say it all . but there be simply nothing he can do about it . isoyg pink 10/29/09 88. Jennifer get even closer , look at johnny 's eye as she reach down towards he penis -- jennifer ( cont 'd ) you gold they . slice ! - johnny 's eye roll back as he scream !!!! she hold the piece of limp , pink flesh in she hand . despite everything he 's be through , this bring forth a entirely new level of pain . he scream and buck as the eyehook continue to loosen . Jennifer bend down for a moment , bring something up from the floor . she come back to a scream johnny as she -- shove he castrate penis into he mouth . jennifer ( cont 'd ) no tooth show horse ... no tooth . johnny flail with all he might , scream , spitting as -- above : the eye hook finally give way . johnny 's tie hand come crash down directly on top of Jennifer . Jennifer go fly with a bloody enraged johnny now free as he grab and claw after she . Jennifer desperately kick and scratch to get away from this hideous , blood -soak monster - but johnny grab hold onto she leg - he drag she closer as she lose she grip -- with one solid kick , Jennifer connect with johnny in the face - he sprawl out from pain - as she get up and race out the door - slam it close as she exit . she lean up against it hold it close . 89 ext . dilapidated house - day 89 within second the door be kick at , bang at , punch at - johnny scream wildly from inside as -- Jennifer hold it shut with all she strength . slowly the cry and bang fade until there be nothing but silence . slowly she slide down on she bottom ... exhaust , spend and completely devoid of all emotion . isoyg pink 10/29/09 89 . 90 int . dilapidated house - day 90 high angle on johnny . his lifeless body lay on the floor surround by a pool of blood . 91 int . squad car - day 91 sheriff storch drive through town . he scan each side of the street . his phone ring . he pick it up and answer it . sheriff storch hi , honey . mrs . storch what 's wrong ? sheriff storch nothing , why ? 92 int . sheriff storch house - day ( intercut W / above ) 92 mrs . storch why ? because I can hear it in you voice , that 's why . sheriff storch laugh . she know he too well . sheriff storch Long day , that 's all . mrs . storch ( on screen ) well , perk up . chastity 's new teacher be here . sheriff storch Mrs. novick ? mrs . storch no , for the honors program . do you remember anything ? sheriff storch oh yeah , okay . mrs . storch yeah , just move here from the city . ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 89a . mrs . starch ( cont 'd ) Said she 's go around meeting all she student ' family . I think it 's nice . isoyg pink 10/29/09 90 . sheriff storch grunt . he do not find it so nice . sheriff storch well , I will be home when I can . busy today . if I do not make it , send she my regards . sheriff storch end the call . two second later the phone ring again . he look at it , annoyed , answer . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) I say I would be there as soon as -- chastity hey daddy ! where be you ? sheriff storch ( annoyed ) I already tell you mother , chastity . I be work . I will do my best to get home . chastity but I really want you to meet my new teacher . she be way cool . sheriff storch roll he eye . chastity ( cont 'd ) here , just say hi . chastity hand the phone over to - jennifer hill - who be sit comfortably on the sofa next to chastity , she hand embrace the little girl . jennifer howdy , sheriff . sheriff storch hi . it 's truly a honor to speak with you miss ... jennifer Hills . Jennifer Hills . isoyg pink 10/29/09 91 . sheriff storch 's face contort upon hearing the name . sheriff storch Excuse I ? jennifer I have to tell you , it 's really be a pleasure meeting you family . you have a wonderful daughter with a bright and promise future . sheriff storch what the fuck do you think you be do !-- jennifer we will see you soon , sheriff . sheriff storch no - wait -- but the call end . sheriff storch ( cont 'd ) chastity ! ... chastity ! sheriff storch throw the phone to the ground and slam on the gas . 93 ext . sheriff storch house - day 93 the squad car screech to a stop right in front of sheriff storch 's house . hear the commotion , Mrs. storch walk out onto the porch . she 's almost knock to the ground as she husband come barrel up the step . mrs . storch what be -- sheriff storch grab he wife 's shoulder . sheriff storch chastity , where be she ?! Mrs. storch have absolutely no idea what be go on . in she mind , they daughter could not be in better hand . isoyg pink 10/29/09 91a . mrs . storch what -- she ... she go to hansen Park with miss Hills . ( more ) isoyg pink 10/29/09 92 . mrs . storch ( cont 'd ) she want to get to know she student in the program before the year start . sheriff storch let go of he wife . sheriff storch goddamnit ! mrs . storch ( growing concern ) who be she ? who be this woman ? he turn and run back to he squad car , get inside , and pull away even faster than he come . 94 ext . park - day 94 the squad car skid to a stop on the grass of the park . it 's a modest recreation area that have see better day . sheriff storch jump out of the car , still leave it run , and sprint into the park . a few foot away , a empty swing blow gently in the breeze . the metal bracket screech loudly with every movement . sheriff storch spin around in circle , a maelstrom of confusion . he look around frantically for anything that will give he a clue as to the whereabouts of he daughter . 95 int . squad car - day 95 sheriff storch get back inside . he immediately pick up the cb . but just as he open he mouth to speak , lie glance in the rearview mirror . his eye meet Jennifer 's . before he can turn , Jennifer pistol whip he in the temple . he fall forward , he head smack into the steering wheel . the honking of the horn echoe throughout the empty park . 96 int . dilapidated house - dusk 96 sheriff storch come to . blood trickle down from the side of he head . he 's bent over the table , pants at he ankle . his shotgun propped up behind he with the barrel insert into he ass . with every move , a scorching pain course through he body . isoyg pink 10/29/09 93. sheriff storch ahhhhhh ! Jennifer walk over to the table and rest she elbow on it . sheriff storch speak through gritt tooth . jennifer do that hurt ? come on , I think you be a ass man , sheriff . sheriff storch where be she , you bitch ? Jennifer slam the gun deeper . the sheriff 's body go stiff . the sheriff scream again . jennifer I would be careful how you speak to I at the moment , sheriff . ( beat ) by " she , " I assume you mean you daughter ? sheriff storch what would you do to she ? jennifer she really be lovely , sheriff . so young . so sweet . I mean , can you imagine ? sheriff storch imagine what ? jennifer imagine if someone have do this to she . Jennifer walk behind the sheriff . she wrap she finger around the barrel of the gun and shove it in , deeper . the sheriff 's expression be one of unbridle agony . Jennifer continue to sodomize he with the shotgun . jennifer ( cont 'd ) someone like Andy ? ( harder ) or stanley ? ( and harder ) or johnny ? ( and even harder ) or more likely you , you sick pervert fuck . isoyg pink 10/29/09 94 . 97 ext . town road - dusk 97 two squad car , siren blaring , speed down the road . 98 tnt . dilapidated house - dusk 98 Jennifer as she take a spool of fishing line and walk straight across the room . sheriff storch ( frantic ) please , she 's just a innocent girl . jennifer so be I . she get to the corner of the room where a hulk figure site tie up in a burlap sack . Jennifer remove it revealing a dead matthew ... or be he ? she tie the line to matthews wrist . the other end be tie onto the shotgun 's trigger . sheriff storch ( desperate ) you be not go to get away . jennifer neither be you . 99 ext . dirt road - dusk 99 the squad car pull off and park as the deputy grab gun and race off into the wood . 100 int . dilapidated house - dusk 100 Matthew stir a bit as he start to come to . jennifer he will be waking up soon . if I be you , I would tell he not to move . sheriff storch ( pain to talk ) I be begging you . do not do this . we can figure something out . Matthew stir again . isoyg pink 10/29/09 95 . jennifer sorry , sheriff ... she lean in close to he face . jennifer ( cont 'd ) " it be fun while it last " . 101 ext . dilapidated house - dusk 101 the deputy converge on the shack , gun draw . 102 int . dilapidated house - dusk 102 sheriff storch try to wriggle free - but every move he make be the most painful experience imaginable . Matthew continue to stir awake , he eye flutter open . sheriff storch Matthew do not !-- but it 's too late - a startle Matthew jump back -- matthew -- sheriff ! banq / / / Matthew be splatter with blood , and body part . 103 ext . dilapidated house - dusk 103 the deputy react as the gun shot ring out through the area . they kick the door in to see -- 104 int . dilapidated house - dusk 104 Matthew 's crouch in a ball on the floor , cover in blood , the sheriff , blood spray across the table , eye wide open , dead . 105 ext . wood - dusk 105 Jennifer walk off as the sound of the last remnant of the echoing gunshot fade into nothing . Jennifer do not miss a beat . she continue to walk off . isoyg pink 10/29/09 95a . 106 ext . dilapidated house - dusk 106 the cop drag a blood soak Matthew out of the cabin . he be a disturb , psychotic , babbling mess . isoyg pink 10/29/09 96 . a106 ext . wood - dusk a106 Jennifer turn to the dilapidate shack . in the distance she see the officer escort a handcuff Matthew out . slow motion : as Matthew be wildly kick and scream in a furious panic . the officer try to subdue he . Jennifer just stare , devoid of emotion . then , after a minute , she turn and continue to walk off into the wood . on jennifer : as she continue to walk away - and then - as she continue closer to camera - the smallest hint of a wry smile - nearly imperceptible , but it 's there , creep across she face . smash out :