I still know what you did last summer written by Trey callaway fade in : title sequence : 1 int . boston - old NORTH church - day the set sun backlight a series of abstract color image . Holy image of stained glass and lead . footstep echo across the marble floor . reveal - julie jame a little older , a little wiser , yet still very pretty , no doubt . but she 's all alone in the house of the Lord . and that doleful eye of hers clearly telegraph a very heavy burden still rest upon she soul . she reluctantly walk past the row of empty pews toward a curtain confessional booth . 2 int . confessional booth - day Julie slide the drape shut behind she as she enter , kneel before the close screen . a beat -- and the screen slide OPEN . a priest enter the adjacent booth -- barely visible through the wicker mesh . Julie look down , cross herself , and begin . julie bless I , Father , for I have sin . ( a beat ) it 's be a year since my last confession ... Julie swallow hard . this be difficult for she . julie ( cont would ) I have never tell anyone this . not my mom , not the poice , not even my friend -- except for the one who be there and they ... well they be not around anymore . you see I ...i ... priest yes ? julie I kill a man . well , I think I have ... then ... she balk at the memory of it . the priest bow he head in the shadow of the other side . julie ( cont would ) ( emotional ) you have get to understand ... it be all a accident . a terrible accident . it 's be a whole year . I have try to get past this , but I just can not . priest go on ... julie I have this dream ... horrible dream . and this man be always there with I . priest ( reassure ) I know ... julie you see , he be a killer . he murder helen and Barry , and he would have kill I too , if I have not ... get away with it . ( regather ) I do not know , I guess I just need to deal with the fear , the guilt ... to finally say he name . Ben Willis . his name be Ben Willis ... the confession be cathartic for Julie . she look relieved until , priest I know ... Julie stop . look through the screen . a chill shoot through she body . julie you know ? but how could you ... Cloud of icy steam shoot through the partition . Julie move closer to the screen , try to get a better look . priest ( growl ) I know what you did last summer !!! a steel hook smashes through the screen right in Julie 's face ! she scream ! smash CUT to : 3 int . colledge lecture hall - day still scream -- Julie jump back , seemingly knock out of she chair . she fight the unseen demon . sitting beside she , Julie 's friend will benson react . he 's a good - look kid in a shy , humble kind of way . and he try to help she , but she 's too busy turn ten shade of red . the professor lower he glass , make it even worse . professor Nice to see you find political Science so stimulate -- the lecture hall erupt with laughter . julie I be sorry -- Julie grab she stuff and bolt . CUT to : 4 ext . campus - day Julie explode out of the building . hurries down a sidewalk . will finally catch up . will Julie ! wait ! you okay ? julie I be fine . will you sure ? julie I be fine . will you do not seem fine . Julie realize this be true . julie I have another dream , will . will take this seriously . will the shower again ? julie it be in a church ... it be so real . I mean , I could feel he breath on I . will ( caring ) I be sorry . julie I think I be over the dream for good . I really do . I have not have one for month . will it just take time , Julie . it 's gonna get better . julie it can not get worse . I mean , it 's not like this be the first time I freak out in class . I hardly ever get a full night 's sleep , my grade suck , I be this close from be throw out of school . blam ! blam ! blam ! explosion . Julie jump out of she skin . it 's just student let off firecrackers as they fly past on bicycle . will and Julie be now think the same thing . julie ( cont would ) it be one year ago ... will it 's ... the anniversary . that 's what 's go on ... take it easy on yourself . julie ( weary ) I be try . I really be ... sometimes I do not even know why I come up here in the first place . will ( cheer she up ) to get out of southport ? julie ( soften ) right . now I remember . he smile at she . she smile back . they stop in front of she apartment building . julie ( cont would ) be you get out of town on the fourth ? will Nah . I will probably just be here study for final . the joy of summer school ... ( beat ) be you okay ? julie I be okay . will be you sure ? she touch he face affectionately . julie thanks for the talk , will . you be good to I . will stand there akwardly -- will um ... okay . bye . will walk away . Julie watch he a beat , then turn down she walk -- ray step out of the shadow . Julie practically faint . julie oh , my god , Ray . you scared I . recovering , she hug Ray , genuinely glad to see he . he 's a bit cold . ray I get in early . I be excited ... ( be : the recede will ) who be that guy ? julie oh , that 's will . he 's a friend . you would like he . ray yeah . julie Ray , we be just friend . ray every guy in history who try to pick up a girl do the good - friend thing first . julie why be you be like this ? it should be obvious Ray feel insecure in the college environ , but they be miscommunicate . ray hey , I be sorry . you be right . be you ready to go ? I have get the old truck . you know the drill ... crab boil at Ollie 's . croaker Queen pageant ... it 's only small - town fun , but it 's still nice . people really miss you . I miss you . she look at Ray , he compassionate demeanor . this be hard to say -- julie ( softly , but resolve ) Ray , I can not ... ray can not what ? julie I just feel like some part of I have not heal up enough to go back . like some critical piece be miss . please understand ... Ray be cold . this be what he 's expect all along . ray I understand something . julie it 's not like that . it 's not you . it 's I . my head . I want to go back . I want to be with you . I want to be fine . I want everything to be like it use to be . ( beat ) it just be not . Ray be hurt and confuse . julie ( cont would ) hey , why do not you stay up here ? they have firework over the river . and ... there 's a million thing to do . ray I have to work , Julie . my boat 's in southport , remember ? but , I get it . you need you space from craokerland . and maybe from I , too . Ray start walk away . ray ( cont would ) you know where to find I . julie Ray ? Ray ? at least come up for a while . Ray keep on walk . ray it 's okay . I be just gonna go . Julie follow he out to the road . a group of laughing student block she way . julie Ray , I be sorry . I do not mean ... ( to herself ) I be just scared ... that 's all . but Ray be already go . Julie stare after he a beat , then turn quickly to she door . she clearly feel uncomfortable , expose on the walk alone . she nervously pull she key . a can of mace dangle from the keychain . CUT to : 5 ext . julie' apartment - day student throw frisbee in the street . Ray walk to he old truck , which be wedge between a new Sport Utility and a BMW . he clamber into the front seat . he think . then , dig into he pocket and pull out the unmistakable shape of a engagement ring BOX . he throw it in the glove box , start the truck and drive away . CUT to : 6 int . julie' apartment doorway - day Julie open the door and step inside . she lock three deadbolt . she stand there , alone , listen to the silence . she do not even have a cat . a faucet drip in the kitchen . 6a int . julie' kitchen - day the faucet drip . Julie turn the handle . no success . she check the lock on each window . she stand for a moment . she pick up a bag of chip and eat a handful . she open the fridge and take out a can of nacho cheese sauce . she grab a soft drink and a jar of bread- and - butter pickle . she get some cookie from a shelf . she think . open the freezer , pull out some fat - free sorbet . she take the whole mess toward she bedroom . 6b int . julie' bedroom - day she hit the light switch . a bedside light go on . it 's a sparsely furnish room . the bed be pill high with pillow . she check the window , then climb into bed with the food . on the bedside table be picture of family and friend . she look at one of helen and Barry . she look around the room . it 's depress . outside we hear young people have fun , slamm car door , go place . she pick at the food , then put it on the table . she turn off the bedside light and enjoy the golden late afternoon glow in the room . dissove to : 6c int . julie' bedroom - night Julie , sound asleep , be curl into fetal position on the bed . there 's a click in the front hall . and another . Julie 's eye shoot open . she listen . another SOUND , almost like the front door be close . her arm reach for the bedside light . she hit the switch . the bulb pop . julie ( whisper ) okay . okay . face you fear ... she get off the bed and stand still . julie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) there 's nothing ... there 's another noise down the hall . julie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) quiet . Julie silently scoot out of she bedroom toward the kitchen . 6d int . julie' kitchen - night she get a large knife . she listen . it sound like somone 's in the live room . she step through the kitchen door . as she move we see a shadow pass the other way down the hallway toward she bedroom . 6e int . julie' live room - night there 's no one there . julie ( cont would ) okay , calm down , imagination . she relax until she see that she front door be slightly ajar , light from the hallway slant through . julie ( cont would ) I can not take this anymore . I can not . holding the knife in front of she , she tiptoe to the hallway . there 's a soft rustling cone from she bedroom . she get a flashlight out of a drawer and start down the hallway . julie ( cont would ) ( fatalistic ) let 's just do it . she move faster toward she bedroom . she listen outside the doorway . it sound like someone 's in the closet . she move into the room . 6f int . julie' bedroom - night there 's a noise in the darken closet . Julie move into position . she turn the flashlight on and lunge for the closet . int the closet karla wilson , 19 , all grace and attitude , be on tiptoe reach for a box of shoe . she scream . Julie scream . they both scream together . Julie drop the knife and flashlight . karla I think you be out of town ! julie what be you do in my closet ? they hug , jump up and down with relief . karla I think you be out of town ! julie what be you do in my closet ? karla i just want you black pants , but I be not ready to die for they ! Julie turn on the light in the hallway . Karla have she shoe in she hand and black pants drape over she arm . julie that be heart attack time , Karla . karla no . when I put this skinny pants on my body ... now , that 's heart attack time . Karla look down and see the knife . she pick it up with two finger -- karla ( cont would ) and we be go to put away the utensil and you be come with I . Julie flop down on she bed . julie I be not go anywhere . I be fat , ugly , and depressed . karla yeah , right -- whatever . julie I think I just really hurt Ray 's feeling . karla ( keep it upbeat ) listen to I , Julie . Ray 's a great guy , nothing against old Ray , but he 's so ... Ray . I mean , he life in southport . will 's a nice guy , too , and he life right down the street . Karla pick up the flashlight and go into the closet . julie there 's nothing between will and I . karla ( v.o. ) yet. nothing yet . she emerge with clothes for Julie . hold up one outfit . karla ( cont would ) what we gotta do be keep move . no time to mope . I be work at the club tonight . and you , dance queen , be come with I . julie no I be not . Karla hold up another dress for Julie -- strapless , sexy , the one . karla Fine , then be fat , ugly , and depressed . Karla be dance around . Julie laugh at she friend and take the dress when Karla hand it to she . CUT to : 7 int . the club - night it 's a hopping college joint : crowded , loud music , a dance floor , and river of cheap booze . at the bar Julie sit next to Karla as she wait for she drink order . a handsome young man slide in front of they . this be tyrell martin , 23 , handsome , no pretention , a little dangerous , with a killer smile . tyrell you know what I want to do to you ... right now , do not you ? there 's gotta be somewhere we can be alone . karla ( playful ) I do not think so . it 's pretty crowded . tyrell just for a minute , baby . I get something I wanna tell you . he 's look for a dark corner or a storeroom or something . karla ( teasing ) if you can say all you gotta say in a minute then I do not wanna hear it . tyrell I will talk real slow . he 's kissing she ear . she start to giggle . the bartender set down drink on Karla 's tray . karla ( be : Julie ) ask she to dance . tyrell hesitates . karla ( cont would ) go on . Karla cut away through the crowd , deliver drink . tyrell turn to Julie . tyrell you be the most beautiful woman in the bar tonight , Jules . julie tyrell , you be a unstoppable force of nature . tyrell that 's right . it 's how the species survive . you will never convince I otherwise . ( beat ) wanna dance ? Karla pass by -- karla say yes . julie no . karla no mean yes . julie tyrell , I appreciate it , but have you see my people dance ? we make the mouth face , we move the finger -- tyrell ( head for the floor ) worse come to worse , you can stand there and watch I . karla come on , I will take a break and we will all dance . 7a int . the club - dance floor - night be pack and thumping . Karla be dance she way through the crowd . tyrell and Julie follow behind she . Karla see will . he 's dress up and nervous . she smile . karla ( cont would ) whaddayou know ? will benson lookin ' fine . julie ( suspicious , but have fun ) Karla ! do you tell he I would be here ? karla nope . I tell he that you absolutely , positively would not be here at this bar between ten o'clock and eleven o'clock tonight . and then he come anyway . will ( shy to a fault ) this be not my idea . julie what ? will I say , this ... do you want a drink ? will look down at he foot . he and Julie stand there not quite know what to do . tyrell where I come from , you want to snatch the goody , you get to at least talk to they first . tyrell and Karla go for it on the dance floor , leave will and Julie alone . they look at each other . they look at everyone dance . will how about a drink ? will be a few step ahead as they move for the bar . Julie seem to be relax , have a good time . then , she look up into the balcony and see , in a strobe light 's flash -- someone in a slicker watch she intently . she squint for a better look , but he 's go . will ( yell over the din ) you okay ? she 's chalk white and crestfallen . her whole affect be " will I ever have a normal time ? " she drift amay toward the stair to the balcony . will ( cont would ) hey Julie ? will catch Karla and tyrell 's eye . they be worried . 7b int . the club - staircase - night Julie catch another glimp of the slicker . she push she way through the crowd up the stair . 7c int . the club - balcony - night Julie look all around -- finally spot the man in the slicker from behind , make he way to the other side . he slice through a crowd of student , and Julie keep follow . he turn down a service corridor . Julie follow , frighten , but unable to resist . she catch he at the end of the corridor . she reach out and grab the stranger 's arm . julie Ben ... the stranger turn around . it 's only a club kid in a tacky vinyl raincoat and hat . she 's shake . slicker guy hye , baby . you follow I up here ? ( a come - on ) well , all right . Julie turn away and hurry down the hallway . Todd follow , but he figure quickly fade . CUT to : 8 int . julie' apartment - day with morning sun filter through she blind , Julie wake up to the strange sound of thumping . she get out of bed and slowly exit the room . 8a int . julie' hallway to kitchen - day the noise get louder as she head down the hall . angle on a closet the noise be at its loudest -- Julie reach for a doorknob -- and yank open the door . angle on a clothes dryer rock and bang inside the closet . Julie frown . Julie spin , once again startle by Karla , who cross to the dryer , flipping open the lid and then jump back to catch the shoe as they pop out on the fly . julie ( still sleepy ) that could break the machine . karla Julie , people who end up make rule like that end up beat they kid with wire hanger . it 's a fact . the phone ring . Karla look at she watch . karla ( cont would ) it 's tyrell . julie ( resign ) the number 's unlist ... karla would you relax ? we have be dating three month . he be not stalking you butt . julie okay , okay . you be right . karla I know it , and it feel good . ( answer the phone ) hi , ty. a dj for a local radio station boom from the phone . MARK ( v.o. ) this be Mark in the Morning for Magic 96.7 Radio Station ! who be I speak with ? Julie watch she friend get excited . karla Mark in the Morning ! Magic 96.7 ! oh my God ! I be Karla . Karla wilson. ( to Julie ) Jules , it 's Mark in the Morning . MARK ( v.o. ) well , Karla , what be you doin ' at home over the long fourth weekend ? karla well , I be in school and -- MARK ( v.o. ) how would you like to win a Magic 96.7 quicky getaway ? karla yes ! Julie hit the speakerphone button and Karla hang up . the dj 's voice echos through the apartment . MARK ( v.o. ) good , then I hope you remember you geography , Karla , because all you have to do to win be tell I the capital of Brazil . Karla 's smile abruptly fade . karla ( into phone ) Brazil ? um ... she look to Julie , whose face be as blank as hers . karla ( cont would ) you do not know ?! you have to know . you know everything ... MARK c'mon , Karla , one easy question , one great getaway ! julie ( shrug ) ... South America ... Carnival ... MARK ( v.o. ) Karla , we need a answer . no look it up . karla still here ... think ... ( stalling ) you mean Brazil , the country ? MARK ( v.o. ) okay , Karla , five second . ( count down ) five ... four ... Julie have a idea . she scramle for the kitchen . grab a bag of fresh - ground coffee from the freezer . MARK ( cont would , v.o. ) Three ... two ... Julie toss the bag across the room to Karla . Karla read the label : rio blend -- 100 % brazilian coffee . karla ( blurt ) Rio de Janeiro ! MARK ( v.o. ) oh , no ... do you say Rio ? karla ( wince ) no. yes ? bell and whistle and triumphant music . MARK ( v.o. ) you just win Magic 96.7 's quickie getaway ... a trip for four to Tower Bay Island in the fabulous Bahamas . Karla and Julie jump up and down ecstatically . karla waaaaahhhhhhhhhh ! MARK ( v.o. ) we will call you back with all the detail ... so what 's you favorite radio station ? karla and julie Magic 96.7 ! Julie hang up and join Karla dance on the couch . karla I win . I win ... I win , I win , I won. ( teasing ) now , let 's see ... there 's tyrell , that 's one . and , there 's my parent ... and I get some cousin . ( beat ) okay , Julie , you can come , but Mark say four ticket . that mean you gotta get yourself a date . Julie think , she seem tear . CUT to : 9 ext . southport dock - day a SMALL mound of red snapper be dumped -- wiggling and suffocating its way across the deck of a fishing boat . we pull away to reveal it 's ray who 's just do the dump . a coworker , dave , friendly , playful , and down - to -earth , call out from the dock -- dave hey , Ray ... phone ! Ray take the phone . we intercut . julie hi. Ray be happy to hear she voice , but cautious . ray ( beat ) hey . I be really glad you call ... I be sorry . julie ( compassoinate ) no , you do not have to be sorry . I be the one -- ray no , I should not have leave so fast ... I be just ... julie it 's okay . Dave hold up two wriggle snapper . he dance they toward each other in a puppetlike mate ritual , make kissing sound and narrate -- dave ( as the fish ) Julie , I love you . I know I be only a humble fish , but if you really look at it , you be a fish , too . ( girl voice ) oh , Ray , you be right ... do I like a snapper . ( mash the fish together ) hey , something smell like fish ... Ray wave he away , concentrate on he call . julie Ray , Karla win a trip to the Bahamas ! a island call Tower Bay . and she want we to come with she . ray what ? the Bahamas ? you be kid . Dave 's interest be pique . julie we would have a long weekend just to sit in the sun , drink fruity drink , and swim , and ... ( sexy ) you know ... ray this weekend ? Dave be watch Ray closely . Ray 's expression harden . ray ( hurt ) you will go away with you be college friend , but you will not go away with I ? dave idiot . idiot . idiot . Karla be watch Julie . julie it 's not you , it 's southport . and it 's the Bahamas ! and it 's free ! Karla be watch Julie . karla you gotta sell he butt on the Bahamas ? julie Ray , come on . I want we to be together . Ray think . Dave look at he like he 's crazy . ray ( can not give in ) Julie , we be work a big run up here . it 's be crazy . we probably have to go out again tonight . I do not think I can do it . julie will you try ... for I , please ? Dave move one of the fish like it 's be shot through the heart . ray okay , I will try . but , listen ... ( martyrlike ) if I do not make it up , then you go ahead and have a great time . julie Ray ... please try . I really miss you . ( beat ) okay . bye . she hang up and Karla sit next to she . karla that boy have get fish on the brain . ( sensitive ) hey , cheer up , Charlie . ( sing a rumba ) we be go to the Bahamas . bahama mama , yeah ... 10 ext . southport dock - day Ray be stare unhappily at the little pile of snapper . Dave be stare at he in disbelief . dave man , what be you problem ? we have not catch anything for day . pull the big ugly stick out of you butt . she ask you to go to the Bahamas ! man , you gotta go . we will both drive up . I get friend I can see up there . Ray realize how right he be . ray stupid . stupid . dave stupid . what be you thinkng ? Ray look at Dave a contemplative beat , then walk over to he truck . he lean in the passenger side and pull out the engagement ring box . Dave walk over . ray you wanna see what I have be think ? he hold up the box and slowly open it . Dave be stunne . dave jeez , Ray , fourth and forty , throw the bomb . ray I should go up there . I should call she back , tell she I be come . dave no way , man . surprise she . she will be psyched . Ray be excited by the plan and Dave 's right there with he . dissolve to : 11 ext . country highway - night we stare out at a rain -soak stretch of road . a pickup roar past , cruise along with its radio loud and window roll down . 12 int . ray' pickup - night the music 's even louder in here . the mood be high ... two buddy go to propose to a girl . Dave adjust the radio to another am station -- dave man , I love am radio . you get right - wing conspiracy , tip for pregnant womem , single -a baseball game , and real country music ... none of that new crap ... he adjust the dial again , tuning in a country song , " mama , don't let you baby grow up to be cowboys , " by waylon jenning and Willie Nelson . Dave start sing along , extra loud and out of tune . dave ( cont would ) ( sing ) " ... mama , do not let you baby grow up to be cowboy , do not let them pick guitar and drive they old truck . let them be doctor and lawyer and such . " Ray look at he goofy friend sing and start to get a little happy himself ... then , Ray see something in the road ahead . he turn down the radio . they both stare -- ray' Pov : a car turned sideways its hazard blink . Ray slow and creep past the car . the driver 's door be open . it appear empty . a body be sprawle out in the road away from the car . Ray pull over to the shoulder and stop . dave ( nervous ) I do not know , man . maybe we should keep go , find a phone -- ray no. dave the guy look dead . Ray have see this before -- ray maybe not . he throw open he door . 12a ext . roadway - night Ray step from he truck . look back at the empty car , then turn toward the body . ray ( nervous ) hey ! buddy , what 's up ? the body do not move . behind ray and behind Dave , in the other car , a figure in a slicker sit up in the back seat and get out of the car . Ray continue toward the body . ray Pov - body face down -- wearing a black rain slicker . Ray move closer to the all to familiar image . behind ray slicker figure move toward the unsuspecting Dave . 12b int . ray' pickup - night Dave watch Ray in the road . he lean across the seat and roll up Ray 's window . behind he , the slicker figure get closer , move to the passenger side of the truck . 12c ext . median - night Ray near the body . he kneel down . ray hey , can you hear I ? Ray reach toward the body ... 12d int . ray' pickup - night something flash in the side - view mirror . 12e ext . road - night Ray turn over the body . something be not right . Ray jump back -- close - slicker mannequin its eerie smile mock Ray who turn for the truck . ray dave ! 12f ext . truck - night Dave hear something . he turn to late . spllaattt !!! the fisherman jam he hook through Dave 's jaw and skull and yank dave out of the car window . ray ... Dave ? there 's no answer from dead Dave . Ray try to see around the headlight . he move slowly toward the truck . the brights and fog come on , blind Ray . the truck 's engine revs . the truck roll a few inch , adjust a bead on Ray . then , tire spin , the truck launch straight at Ray . Ray run at the truck . at the last minute , he duck behind the park car . he truck go scream past . Ray back around the car -- a eighteen-wheeler go barrel by in the other direction . Ray dive out of the way . in the road Ray be expose . he see he truck close fast . he 's get nowhere to go . then , at the very last second , ray jump off the edge of the road . his truck slam into the barrier right where ray be stand . SPARKS fly ! metal buckle ! Ray fall through the air . land hard on he leg . tumble down the hill , finally stop with a crash . he lie motionless at the bottom of a ravine . fade out : 13 ext . julie' apartment - day Karla exit the building . she watch Julie sit on the curb . a truck turn onto the street . Julie look hopeful , but -- it 's not Ray . Karla approach she friend . karla girl , it 's gettin ' down to the wire . Julie turn . julie he 's not come . I think he be just ... karla Julie , you leave four message ... four. julie but , he say he would try . karla he say he would try . try be like maybe . try be nothing ! julie ( appoligize for he ) he do work hard . karla work hard , huh ? he 's break you heart just because he can . ( hesitant ) and I do not want to have to say I tell you so ... julie then , do not . a Jeep Cherokee stop , and a ebullient tyrell step out wear short and a Hawaiian shirt . tyrell hey , baby , we gonna get tropical or we gonna get tropical ? the passenger door open and will benson step hesitantly around the Jeep . julie oh ! karla ( be : will ) hey , sorry ... ( quick , play it off ) he 's my friend , too . and that ticket be not go to waste . will read Julie 's expression . will Julie , be everything cool ? Karla say ... karla I say we start have fun . and that mean now . Julie take a last look up the street . she stand . tyrell be there a problem here ? karla where there 's a will , there 's a way . come on . julie ( decide ) you know what ? this rock . we be go to the Bahamas ! will be relieved . karla ( get into the spirit ) we goin ' Bahamas , I be ty 's bahama mama . we goin ' Bahamas ... she bop over to tyrell . CUT to : 14 ext . midair - day a wide - body jet scream through the cloud . 15 int . plane - day a nearly empty jet . Karla have she head on tyrell 's shoulder . Julie be read a book . will 's knuckle be white from grip the armrest in fear , and he eye be clench shut . Julie look on with concern . julie just take deep breath and think of something happy from childhood . will what if I do not have anything happy from childhood ... sorry , I can not relax go five hundred mile a hour , or four thousand , four hundred foot a minute ... ( calculate ) which be over seven hundred foot a second . imagine hit something at seven hundred foot a second . julie deep breath -- will ( no deep breath ) fume build up in the fuel tank . you can by surface - to- air missile over the internet . plane use o-ring ... which freeze in tap water . plane fall from the sky for practically no reason at all . julie you have get a better chance of get hit by lightning . will right . plane get hit by lightning . they get hit by meteor . they hit other plane . tyrell shake he head . tyrell ( exasperate ) something be gonna hit you butt if you do not quit complain . karla ( sypathetic ) honey , some folk just can not fly . will do not move , freeze with fear of fly , but more closely bond with the concerned Julie . CUT to : 16 ext . ocean vista - day establish . a board of Tourism kind of shot . Blue water . Green island . Golden sun . puffy cloud . a boat chug by with the word " Tower Bay " paint on the side . tyrell throws up over the side . 17 ext . ferry - day more of a small tub than a ferry . Julie , Karla , will , and tyrell be the only passenger . at the bow , Julie and Karla laugh and play " King of the World . " Julie in the prow , Karla behind she . julie ( deadpan ) I be the King of the World . karla ( deadpan ) no , I be the King of the World . they switch place . they look at each other and crack up laugh . Karla take in the surroundings , the salt spray , the day -- karla remind I to study real hard so someday this be normal and all that back there be something ' I do for a weekend once every ten year . julie ( share the moment ) I will , and you remind I of the same thing . they throw they arm around each other and stare into the horizon . at the stern will talk to a very green tyrell . will you just gotta breathe . tyrell be try to keep from puke -- tyrell can not talk right now . will ( slightly malicious ) see , it 's not a macho thing . it 's about equilibrium in you inner ear . you could have use a patch , but it 's too late now . get use to it . ( then ) some folk just can not sail . paulsen , the boat captain , overhear as he pass -- paulsen that 's too bad , too , because it 's the only way on or off the island . ( slightly ominous ) unless you have a accident . and then they call the Coast Guard . Julie and Karla have rejoin the man . julie it 's pretty remote here . paulsen ( smile ) yep . that 's what the tourist pay for -- sun , sea , and solitude . tyrell be we there yet ? paulsen few more minute . we move off the boat and reveal the island . the intrepid vacationer excitedly take in the island . CUT to : 18 ext . tower BAY - day establish . a isolate tropical paradise with jungle grow to the beach . 19 ext . resort dock - day the ferry pull in to a canopy dock . a white - sand beach stretch in every direction . beautiful tourist stroll about without a care in the world . tyrell stamp he foot on the dock . tyrell I feel like I be still on that thing . a dockhand , derrick , glide past he toward the lady . derrick that way for a complimentary planter 's punch to get you readjusted . tyrell ( mile - wide smile ) I can get use to this . Derrick reach for Julie 's hand , clearly check she out in the process . derrick welcome , Fair princess , to Tower Bay . ( a wink ) I be Derrick . at you service for the duration of you stay . Julie smile politely . will gently nudge she on . they walk away . paulsen ( to Derrick , mock ) I be at you service , princess . derrick ( shrug ) season 's over old man . so I gotta work fast . paulsen if Marine Radio 's right about the weather , you be already out of time . he hang a sign at the end of the gangplank . it read : last departing ferry -- line form here . we guy be already at the end of the dock . CUT to : 20 ext . tower BAY HOTEL - day establish . a opulent , carribean - style hacienda resort with all the accoutrement . the main building be two storey high with a tile roof . a bell tower rise from one side . and , of course , it be suround on all side by suffocating fooliage . Julie and Karla take in the beauty of the resort . karla check it out . tow bikini girl catch the eye of tyrell and will . tyrell yes , mar 'am . Karla thwacks he on the back of the head , but they be all have fun . the path widen . the tree part . it 's even nicer up close . they walk across a tile plaza . behind they , three young guy carry they girlfriend piggyback , racing each other toward the departure dock . we two arrive couple move on toward the entrace , pass a fenced tennis court on the leave . a glass - pane orchid house straight ahead . and , on the right , a lush pool with a build - in jacuzzi in the shallow end . a outdoor thatched roof bar stand nearby -- and just beyonk it , a small pool house . a guy 's unintelligible rasta voice call out -- rasta voice anybudorsomethin' ? they turn to see titus , white guy , dread , full - rasta demeanor . he 's a phony , but sincere about it . titus approach tyrell -- titus my brother , can I interest you in the island finest ganja ? will ( teasing ) hey , tyrell , we find you brother . tyrell ( wry ) not possible . titus ( undeter ) who be wantin' the kind , the uber - sticky , the bwana , the depth -charge , the up-all - night -laugh - with - you - Friends ? who want it ? ' Cause titus get it . will no , thanks . titus come on , man . everybody want something . will and tyrell walk on . undeter , titus go up to Karla and Julie . titus ( cont would ) how ' bout you , lady ? Lovely lady . titus move he hip . titus ( cont would ) ( lascivious ) something I can do for you ? Karla look he up and down , wrinkle she nose -- karla take a bath , maybe . titus that 's cold , but if that 's how you want it . the group move on . titus watch they go -- titus ( cont would ) ( yell after they ) anybudorsomethin ' you come and see I . omit scene 21 &amp ; scene 22 CUT to : a23 ext . MAIN entrance - day around twenty to thirty guest be on there way out as Julie and the other walk in . Julie smile at a old porter help the depart guest with they bag . he do not smile back . 23 int . HOTEL lobby - day the hotel be tastefully appoint with island decor . a ornate metal staircase lead up to the room -- and down ( as the sign say ) to a FITNESS CENTER . in one direction , the foyer meet the entrance to a tropical restaurant / bar . and in the other , a looby lounge be visible -- surround by four wall of book and HOTEL memorabilia . in a dark corner of the room , a uniform maid name olga dust off a massive wooden globe . Julie smile at the woman on they way through the lobby , but olga shyly look away . arrive at the front desk , the four of they find it desert . they wait patiently , then impatiently . angle on a desk bell as Karla slap it with she palm . the bell ring for a long time then fade into silence . karla hello ? hello ? julie where be everyone ? I will ask -- Julie turn to consult the may . angle on the globe the big ball be spin . but olga be no longer in sight . tyrell head toward a door beside the counter with a sign which read : private office . tyrell I will scare somebody up . he grab the knob and pull the door open to ... rrowwwr ? a pit bull on a chain jump up into he face -- its toothy maw snap shut about a half inch from he nose . tyrell ( cont would ) whoa ! Julie and Karla laugh . Karla go to hit the bell once more -- only to have her hand grabbed in the process . Karla gasp . pull away . we see the hand belong to the hotel manager -- brooks , bald , 40s , talk slowly , and seem to have secret he will not share with guest . brooks what can I do for you ? karla check in ... Karla Wilson . will saunter away to look at the book in the lobby . brooks ( condescending ) ah , yes . Roll out the red carpet . we contest winner be here at last . he scan a sheet as tyrell stare at the pit bull . tyrell Nice dog . brooks not really . I have find peice of guy like you in he stool . tyrell be put off by this aggressive comment . tyrell what 's you problem , buddy ? brooks ( innocent ) I do not have a problem in the world . julie ( cover ) it sure be a beautiful old hotel . brooks ( proud ) built in 1948 for a member of the rockefeller clan . the tile work be import from Spain . a lot of history in this wall ... Judy garland stay here ... hemmingway fished for marlin right off that dock -- tyrell okay , we get it ... it 's old . brooks it will outlive you , I be sure . creepy thing to say . slide a registration form . brooks ( cont would ) Wilson comma Karla ... ( see something on the form ) oh -- karla oh , what ? brook cover -- brooks you be in 201 and 202 . karla ( expect this ) be that bad ? brooks ( lie ) not at all . that be we honeymoon suite . tyrell wrap he arm around Karla . Julie look uncomfortably towards will . julie you what ? brooks honeymoon suite . I take it you kid have not exchange vow , yet ? julie we have not exchange anything . karla Julie , we be talkin ' suite ! ( excited ) that will be just fine with we . brooks and , while you be here , we marginally train , off -season staff of five will attend to you every need . karla wait ... do you say off-season ? brooks July fourth weekend . Storm season start today . the cloud roll in like clockwork . julie Storm season ? brooks it 's we version of winter . ( hand over the key ) 201 and 202 . there 's scrabble and parcheesi in the lobby . enjoy . and brook turn away through the office door . they walk toward they room . will catch up with they . CUT to : 24 int . HOTEL hallway - day they walk down the hallway . Karla seem annoyed . karla ai not nothin ' free in this world . everybody say it , and it 's true . ( dissapoint ) I want you all to have a good trip . tyrell we will , baby ... all this mean be we get the whole island to ourselves . will and it 's be blue sky all day . it might be perfect all weekend . julie it beet be on the mainland . karla oooh , the mainland -- tyrell somebody 's go tropical on we , baby . tropical ! the mood be improve . a squeeking noise interupt . a brass luggage cart have appear behind they . and este , 60 , the weary haitian porter , step from behind it . este ( a carribean accent ) 201 and 202 ... who put you in ...? ( hesitant ) do not use this much -- julie ( suspicious ) why 's that ? he see they happy , expectant face and change the subject . este no real reason . ( then ) pretty fancy room for kid you age . karla we win a competition . este oh , yeah ? what you have to do ? tyrell guess the capital of Brazil -- karla Rio , baby ! este ahh , good for you , girl . ( wait for a cue ) ... and , where would you like I to put the bag ? a beat as Julie and Karla exchange a look . then , Karla toss one of the key to Julie . karla ( to este ) they stuff in there ... ( grab tyrell ) ... and ours in here . julie Karla ! you promise . karla ( look at tyrell ) I also promise tyrell . tyrell Promised I what , baby ? ( joke around ) I make all my promise to William . tyrell make fake goo - goo eye at will . este look away . tyrell ( cont would ) sweetie , you bring you nightie , do not you ? will forward ! a girl need time to make up he mind . ( to Julie , thoughtful ) Julie , look , if it 's cool , I will sleep on the couch and they can have they own room to practice for that real honeymoon . but tyrell grab Karla and drag she into the room . we here giggle . will I will take that . este no , I have be do this since before you be a dream in you father 's eye . este grab the bag and take they into the room . Julie and will be leave stare at each other . will you sure it 's okay with you ? julie ( note he sweetness ) sure . it 's fine . as long as you do not snore . will you can toss a shoe at I if it get out of hand . she laugh and they go into the room . CUT to : 25 int . hospital emergency room - night beep . beep . beep . Ray be hook up to a heart monitor . although he 's asleep , we can tell he 's bruise and generally beat up . we rack to a doctor check on he through the glass . 25a int . hospital room - night we see a cop next to the doctor . cop he 's beat up pretty bad -- doctor yes , but he seem certain he friend be kill out on the highway by somebody name Ben willis. ( hisitant ) he say he have a hook on he hand . he say he be drive a BMW . as the cop stare at he deadpan , the doctor realize how ridiculous this must sound . 25b int . hospital room - night close up : Ray 's eye pop open . he 's listen . 26 int . hospital room - night the cop explain thing to the doctor . cop there 's no body . and there be no other vehical involved . ( beat ) he fall asleep at the wheel ... and run he old truck into a guardrail . he get throw way the hell down into a ditch . he 's damn lucky . they walk back down the icu . doctor ( nodd ) he suffer a severe head trauma -- cop probably once he rest up , it will all come back to he . the doctor and cop approach the nurse 's station . the nurse be read a magazine . she fold it away . suddenly , the monitoring equpment go off with a series of loud warning . nurse ( already move ) that 's you number twelve -- the doctor , nurse , and country cop hurry back toward Ray 's room . nurse ( cont would ) ( yell ) get I some help down here . we get a flatline , room twelve . there Pov - throught the door the wire and monitor be unhook and Ray be gone . CUT to : 27 int . HOTEL bar - night a resort bar on the beach . Ocean breeze and surf sound come through the window . it 's tiki galore , complete with a bamboo bar and fishing gear hang from decorative net from the ceiling . there 's a karaoke stage in the corner . will and tyrell enter and head straight to the bar . a bored bar tender , nancy , look just like Jennifer esposito , do not look up from she paperback . nancy you guy lose ? tyrell ( be : the emptiness ) tell I this be not the bar scene . nancy wanna drink ? will we do not get all dress up for nothing . tyrell planter 's punch , Singapore sling , or how about a mai-tai ? nancy how about some id ? they freeze . nancy ( cont would ) kidding . they nod . will the guy at the desk say the place would be quiet , not dead . nancy do not anyone tell you this be -- tyrell the last day of the season . yeah , we hear . will so why be you still here ? nancy that 's none of you business . tyrell size she up quickly . tyrell what 's the matter , boy trouble ? nancy not anymore . tyrell he leave you ? nancy no . I shot he . will and tyrell exchange a danger - will -robinson glance . nancy ( cont would ) what you want be a Dark and stormy : Vernon 's rum , ginger beer , and a touch of tabasco . sailor drink it for luck in the hurricane season , trust I . across the bar Karla and Julie walk in talk quietly to one another . julie be I bad ? I mean , he 's really great , and he 's cute -- karla he 's cute ... and he 's get a crush on you ... ( off Julie 's look ) but ... julie ( appologetic ) I miss Ray ... I try to call he . Karla look at she . she 's sincere , but firm . karla Ray make up he own mind ... so , you be free to make up yours . join the man , but continue she think -- karla ( cont would ) for the next foury - eight hour ... ( joke ) you smile be a frown ... turn upside down . she illustrate with she own big smile . tyrell pretty cool bar . karla they all start to look the same once you have work in one . ( to Nancy ) be I right , sister ? Nancy reach out a hand and they touch just the tip of they finger . julie ( to Nancy ) I be Julie . this be Karla . nancy Nancy . ( sarcastic ) welcome to Tower Bay 's most happenin ' hotspot . Nancy continue make they cocktail . julie back into something , turn and gasp -- it 's a statue of a old whaler , complete with harpoon , white beard , and yellow slicker . she do not let Karla see that it upset she . Nancy put they drink down in front of they . nancy four Dark and stormy ... they all pick up they drink . karla ( toast ) to a great weekend -- will yeah , a great weekend . forget the weather ! karla &amp ; julie I will drink to that ! they drink and toast again . karla ( to Nancy ) so what do you do around here for fun ? Nancy look straight at will -- nancy make fun of tourist mainly . ( beat ) or let they make fun of themselves ... she flip a switch that light the karaoke stage . karla karaoke -- perfect . julie do not even think about it . karla okay , I will not . she 's already head for the stage . tyrell go baby ! go ! at the stage close on the karaoke machine . Karla flip through a binder full of song . karla oh , this be not for I , baby , this be for somebody who really need it . ( find one ) ah-hah ! one single with extra cheese ! nancy ( it 's true ) everyone think they a singer . julie no way . karla yes . julie no . karla yes . julie not I ... no way ... will come on , it will be fun . karla lady and gentleman , please put you hand together for my friend , my very best friend , Julie James . but there will be no mercy . karla , tyrell , &amp ; will ( chant in unison ) ju-lie ! ju-lie ! ju-lie ! reluctantly she go to the song book . she see something particularily awful . julie you ask for it . ( to tyrell ) song number thirty - nine . tyrell nod and punch a few button . Julie take the stage as sappy string begin to swell . she look at the monitor , then melodramatically at the crowd , and begin to sing -- no , belt -- gloria gaynor 's " I will survive . " julie ( cont would ) ( sing ) first I be afraid ... I be petrify ... ( continue sing under ) will stand , clap . tyrell pound he chest . Karla flip up she lighter , sway like a hard - core fan . and Julie continue , croon out the chorus as the beat kick in and the gang begin to dance . julie ( cont would ) ( sing ) I will survive ... I will survive ... angle on the karaoke monitor the schmaltzy lyric keep scrolling by -- white against black . but then ... in the middle of the song ... the color change . red capital '' letter begin to fill the screen . julie ( cont would ) ( sing -- then trail off ) and I still know ... what you do ... last summer ... her voice trail . her smile abruptly fade . microphone fall to the floor . the room echoe with a electronic whump . everyone stop dance , confuse . close - julie tremble , shaking , a mess . will jump onstage . will Julie ? what 's wrong ? julie it 's ...him . will what do you mean , Julie ? julie he do something to the screen ... it , it , say ... Julie loos at the screen -- the normal lyric be still scrolling . she suddenly feel they eye upon she . they be look at she like she 's have a nervous breakdown . julie ( cont would ) nothing . nothing , I be sorry ... stung , she rush off the stage . karla Julie ... but it 's to late . she 's bolt from the bar . CUT to : 28 int . HOTEL - julie' room - night Julie step into she room . close the door behind she . she fall back against it , try to calm herself down . julie there 's no way ... just stop it right now ... she look around the cozy room . julie ( cont would ) closet . bed. bathroom . no need to panic . Julie start to undress , get ready for bed , the day of travel finally catch up with she . she grab something to sleep in . toss it on the bed . and that 's when she see it , close - envelope propped on the pillow . her name write across . she be freeze momentarily . almost against she will , she move toward the envelope . she reach down and pick it up . she hesitates , then open the envelope . she pull out a single white card . angle on the card in bold print it read : surprise ! darkfigure appear over Julie 's shoulder . Julie can feel the presence . she spin , scare -- will who yell and drop the flower and champagne he be hold . the bottle burst and cover they with spray . julie ( realize ) oh , will ! I be sorry . will it 's my fault . I should not have ... I do not think ... she grab a towel off the bathroom door , try to help he clean up the mess . julie no , no , no . this be really sweet ... will I scared you -- I cross the line -- julie no -- it 's not that . it 's ... I be just a little on edge . I be really sorry . will hey , you do not have to appologize to I . I be the one . I understand . ( cover the awkwardness ) I be go to take a walk and dry off . julie be you sure ? I really appreciate it . he pick up a rise . most of its petal on the floor . will I just really like you and I want you to feel good about everything ... you know ? I want you to be happy . he hand the rise to she . there 's a moment between they . he reluctantly head for the door . CUT to : 28a ext . HOTEL hallway - night will look down at he wet pants . will ( soto ) dork . pass Karla and tyrell 's room on he way down the hall , will spot the do not disturb sign . he hear a incredible pounding from inside . he shake he head and mope down the hall . CUT to : 29 int . HOTEL - karla and tyrell be room - night Karla bounce playfully on they big bed as tyrell cross toward the window . karla tha 's it . ( bounce ) I have decide . ( bounce ) I be change my major to finance . ( bounce ) and go to Wall Street . tyrell why ? karla ' Cause that 's the only way I be ever gonna be able to afford a big bed like this . she fall back against the plush comforter , look up at herself in a long mirror hanging right over the bed . tyrell love this and quickly move beside she in the bed . she let he get real close , then she jump up -- karla ( cont would ) jacuzzi . tyrell reach for she , but she bounce off the bed . tyrell ah , baby , let 's stay right here . Karla pull she suit out of a bag and model it seductively and flirtatiously for tyrell . karla I spend a hundred buck on it ... even if it 's just so you can pull it off . tyrell get off the bed -- tyrell I like the sound of this . CUT to : 30 ext . HOTEL dock - night Derrick , the dockhand , whistle in the darkness as he coil the bow rope of a service boat around a cleat on the dock . ominous shadow play all along the dock . out on the water there 's a big splash . the dockhand rise , look out at the water with a sigh . derrick damn . I should have bring my pole . he turn away . as he do , we see the end of the dock where a sinister slicker figure stand perfectly still , silhouett by moonlight . Derrick pace down the dock the other way past a handfull of other tie - off staff and service boat . he pick up a hose and begin spraying down the hull of a sunfish sailboat . he turn the hose off and begin coiling it , back toward a equipment shack . suddenly , a hand touch he on the back . he jump and turn to see -- titus stand there smoking a spliff . derrick get lose , you scared I . titus Fish be all over the water ... come on , let we take a boat out . derrick titus , you be so stone , you would end up in Spain . titus that 's why you will come with titus , mon . Derrick throw the hose in its place . derrick there 's a storm comin ' , titus . no boat be go out . titus Storm be what make it interesting . thass why all the fish be up . less hook we a couple big one . Derrick be now ignore titus . derrick I get work to do . take the bake elsewhere . titus up-tighteous and self-righteous . titus glide away into the dark . Derrick watch he go . there 's another splash in the water near the dock . Derrick walk to where the splash be . he kneel down by the edge -- watch bubble rise from the dark water below . derrick ( to the fish ) hello , little sea bass . you be lucky I be busy or I would hook you myself . we push in as he face get closer to the water -- and then -- rising slowly from the dark water directly behind the dockhand -- a sinister slicker . Derrick hear a splash -- and just in time for ... splat ! the old hook in the eye . the fisherman pull he down . he scream -- BEN yank on the hook -- and derrick crumpled body fall into the water . angle on the water as poor Derrick 's blood mix with bubble ... CUT to : 31 ext . pool / jacuzzi - night bubbles of a different kind . the jacuzzi sit in a enclosure at the shallow end of the swimming pool . and enjoy its warmth , Karla and tyrell be liplocked in the churn tub . music play on the boombox beside they . the tempurature rise and ty' hand begin to wander . still clad in she cute bikini , Karla pull away -- karla you sure you do not pick up my hair tie ? tyrell ( rub he bald head ) hello ? karla okay , I just do not wanna get my hair wet . tyrell baby , I finally get you alone in this jacuzzi and I do not wanna be discussin ' hair care . she splashes he . karla do not you get feisty ... tyrell move in for the kill . he will not take no for a answer . tyrell too late for that . we be mile from anywhere , baby . no one 's gonna hear you scream . he go in for a serious kiss . thing start to heat up -- karla I use to be a lifeguard ... I would hate to have to blow my whistle . tyrell ( playful ) I would hate for you to have to blow ... you whistle . tyrell be do talk . he pull she over to he and the moment become more passionate . Karla open she eye in time to see -- titus surface in the pool next to they . Karla scream . and not just because it be a surprise . titus look even uglier when he 's wet . titus open he mouth , reveal a smoking PHILLY blunt on the end of he tounge . titus no water sport after midnight . Hotel policy . titus eye Karla in the jacuzzi . tyrell move protectively in front of she . tyrell what 's the policy on burnin ' herb ? titus we get one for that , too . it 's do not try until you buy . ( beat ) you do not buy any , you do not get any . titus blow a cloud of smoke on they both , roll the joint back into he mouth , and swim off . tyrell be angry , but Karla pull he back . a deject will appear in he bathing suit , a towel over he arm . tyrell see he come . tyrell there 's ten people on this whole island and they be all gonna end up in this jacuzzi with we . will ( get in ) how 's the water ? tyrell crowd . karla ty ! will slip into the water ignore tyrell 's look . will ahh , that feel great . karla ( considerate ) how 's Julie ? will alone . in the room . ( to Karla ) get any advise ? tyrell ( annoyed ) yeah . find another jacuzzi . Karla shoot tyrell a look . karla ( to will ) you not out yet , slugger . you gotta just get back up there and keep swingin' . CUT to : 31a ext . julie' apartment - night Ray be at a telephone booth up the street from Julie 's apartment . he look exaust . blood seep through he shirt . he 's in pain . ray I need a international operator . CUT to : 31b int . HOTEL lobby - night in the empty night lobby , behind the desk the telephone ring and ring . we push in on the phone ringing unanswer in the night . nobody be around to answer it . CUT to : 32 int . HOTEL - julie' room - night the door creak OPEN once again to she room . and from a stranger' Pov -- we slowly creep inside . a cloud of steam billow from the open bathroom . the SOUND of a shower be hear . we move toward it . int . shower eye close , Julie stand with she face right under the showerhead , try to relax . something softly go thump . Julie open she eye . turn off the shower . stands there , freeze , listen . julie ( call out ) will ...? no reply . at the bathroom doorway in a robe with a towel on she head , Julie peek into she room . nobody there . she sigh , and cross back to the bathroom sink . at the sink Julie look to a spot where she toothbrush should be . she frown . look around . some of she thing be miss . she peer into the fogge - up bathroom mirror . she whip the towel off she head and wipe it across the mirror , making the bedroom behind her visible . ready to spit , she look down . and in that instant -- we see a shadowy figure pass behind her in the bedroom . she look back up ... and he's gone . Julie turn on the water to rinse . angle on the bedroom door as it slowly creak shut , the SOUND drowned out by the sink . int . bathroom Julie turn off the water -- and klunk -klunk -- and noise at she door . the sound stop . int . julie' bedroom she step out of the bathroom , crossing toward the door . julie will ? no answer . she peer through the peephole . julie ( cont would ) be that you ? she unlock and open it . nobody there . Julie quickly close the door and relock it , she heart rate just begine to rise again as ... klunk-klunk . she hear it again . then , the sound stop . but stand at the door -- she realize that 's not where it come from . her eye immediately go to ... the closet damn . that 's where it come from . she slowy pad across the room in she slipper toward the door . tremble ... she reach for the handle ... and tug it OPEN ! there 's nothing . she stare a beat . drip drip drip . she see something on the floor of the closet . she touch a finger to it . it's blood . she look up . the dockhand come drop down at she , dangle , enmesh in barb wire . he 's die before we eye . blood bubbling from he mouth . his body twitching . Julie stare at the body . she 's almost catatonic . she blink . she blink again . suddenly , in death convulsion , he arm fly toward she -- she scream -- CUT to : 33 ext . pool - jacuzzi - night Karla and tyrell be drying off beside will as they hysterical friend come racing across the pool plaza . julie it 's happen again ! there 's a body ! will cathes she in he arm and she sob uncontrollably . will what ? what be you talk about ? where ? julie it 's in my room ! they can see she 's not fool around . back to : 34 int . HOTEL - julie' room - night everyone be gather in the center of Julie 's room . Julie be hold tight by will . brook , the hotel manager , conduct the investigation . brook approach the closet door . Julie hold she breath . he throw it open . a long beat . brooks I do not find this at all funny . Julie step in -- stare into the empty closet . she can not believe she eye . she search they face , look for someone to believe she . julie there be a body ! I swear it ! will ( delicately ) Julie , you say you be tired . waybe you be dream . julie ( sharp ) I be not dream . brooks I know you people be goin to be trouble . I know from the first time I laid eye on you . Julie grab brook by he robe . julie listen to I . he 's here . brooks who ? who be here ? she do not know where to start . Nancy poke she head around the door . nancy what 's go on ? tyrell Julie think there 's a dead guy in the closet . nancy cool . tyrell the rest of we see bathrobe . julie ( sharp ) I be not crazy , tyrell . he be right there . tyrell ( not take it seriously ) Fine . show I the body . will wander over to the closet and check it out . karla think about this , Julie . what do you actually see ? julie the dockhand guy . hanging by he neck from up there . brooks ( case close ) in the morning we will talk to Derrick , the " dockhand guy , " and put the whole thing to rest . ( look to Nancy ) now , let 's slow down on the Dark and stormy and get some sleep . nancy do not look at I -- julie I want off this island . brooks ( tired ) not possible , I be afraid . the last ferry leave hour ago . and we get a storm come . there will not be another one for day . tyrell there 's a storm come ? brooks ' tis the season , like I tell you . it 's a big one . Julie go for the phone . julie then I will call the mainland for a charter . brooks phone go down a few minute ago . she pick up the phone , listen , then dangle it from she hand . julie it 's dead . a exasperate brook head for the door . brooks duh . the next couple of day be gonna be rough , but we will make it . karla what about a radio ? brooks sorry . Emergencies only . karla what the hell would you call this ? brooks I would call this four spoiled city kid who would not know a hurricane if it blow up they butt . ( beat ) all we can do now be batten down and ride it out . if thing get really bad , there 's a storm shelter . and brook be go . outside the window , it start to rain . there 's a clap of thunder . julie look out the window with glaze - over eye . 35 ext . HOTEL - night and we pull away from Julie 's face through the glass -- slowly tilting above she room to another tiny window in the bell tower . a candle burn , and lighn flash illuminate the haggard face of este , the porter . CUT to : 36 int . HOTEL tower room - night it 's a claustrophobic room . este turn away from the window , shirtless in he uniform pants . a bead cord hang around he neck , small fishhook dangle from it . beside the candle , he pick up a leather bag and dump out a handful of voodoo icon : root , coin , sea glass , chicken 's foot . he set they on a divination tray . he open vial and sprinkle powder and assort liquid into a small wooden bowl . he open a drawer and extract a toothbrush . he dip the brush in the bowl -- cover its bristle with a sticky goo . he hold the brush over the candle 's flame . the old man watch it sizzle . este pick up a straw figure and impale it on he fishhook necklace . his eye roll back in he head . he enter a trance . dissolve to : 37 int . HOTEL corridor - night olga , the may , push she laundry cart toward the end of a long , dimly light hall . she see a pile of dirty linen outside of a room -- room 228 . she stop , perplex . there 's nobody stay in this room . she pick they up and stuff they in she cart . then she knock on the door . olga housekeep . ( beat ) housekeep . she knock again and notice she hand leave bloody mark on the door . she look at she other hand . her arm and hand be cover in blood . she turn back to the linen . something bloody be wrap inside of they . she paw at the sheet , try to unravel the mystery -- the door the room 228 slowly crack open . a steel hook reach out and slice into she apron . it tug . she turn , and she start to scream , she be yank into the room . a do not disturb sign flip over the handle and the door slam shut . we hear she scream from inside . CUT to : 38 ext . pawn shop - night establish . bar on the window . neon pawn ficker . Hand -paint sign read : se habla ingle . 39 int . pawn shop - night close on a engagement ring Ray 's engagement ring . the pawn shop owner , mac , cowboy hat , know he job , hold it up to the view loop next to he eye . mac jeez , that 's a full carat -- ray how much ? mac well , there 's some flaw in she ... ray how much ? Mac look around he shop at the usual jumble of crap : vacuum cleaner , golf club , guitar amp ... mac do not really have the market for something like this ... ( like it hurt he ) I can go two ... two -fifty . ray make it three hundred . and throw that in , too . reveal - .38 revolver encase in a glass cabinet . mac Hell , that 's worth three , easy . and you get you wait period . ray I be not wait ... so give I the gun and keep the ring . Mac barely hasitates , he know he 's get a steal -- mac Fine , buddy . the gun and the ring go down on the counter next to each other . Mac pull out some form . mac ( cont would ) fill this out . leave the date blank . Ray start write . Mac be overcome by a moment of humanity . mac ( cont would ) buddy , be you sure this be the way you want to go ? Ray give he a steely stare -- ray be it load ? Mac shake he head . ray ( cont would ) load it . off Mac 's sadness at young people today . CUT to : 40 int . HOTEL - karla and tyrell be room - day we move into the hotel room and gradually reveal four sets of feet at the end of one bed . they be cramme into a king -size bed together . Julie be awake . she get out of bed and move toward the window . it 's raining outside . the wind be blow . the storm have arrive . Karla pull a sleep hand off she chest . the hand belong to will . she pinch the hand . will start . tyrell kick he foot around , try to get some room . tyrell this be not the romantic weekend I have in mind . Karla kiss tyrell on the cheek . karla ( to Julie ) you get any sleep at all ? julie some . tyrell glare at Julie by the window . see the incredible rain . tyrell oh , look . another day in paradise with julie-your-tour-director ... miss psychotic episode . karla hey -- tyrell ( call to Julie ) see any dead body out there ? any fresh kill ? how ' bout freddy , Jason ? Julie ignore he , stare out the window . will leave she alone . angry at she boyfriend , Karla get out of bed and join Julie . tyrell I be just say what all of you be think . it 's bad enough gettin ' rain out without have to hold she hand the whole time . will you do not have to be a jerk . Karla pull Julie close in a show of support for she friend whose mind everyone believe have be invent dead body . julie it 's okay ... he do not believe I . that 's he right . I be start to think I be crazy , too . karla hey , slow down , turn off the little motor up in there ... what do you say we go to the gym and work off a little stress ? Julie do not look to enthusiastic . CUT to : 41 int . HOTEL FITNESS room - day Karla and Julie enter the gym . it have nautilus machine , treadmills , life-cycle , free weight , tanning bed , speed and heavy bag . Karla walk over and do a full roundhouse -- spin and plant she foot dead center of the heavy bag . julie Nice move . karla I will be givin ' you fisherman some of that and see how he like it . Julie smile at she friend bravado . she step over to a stairmaster and start she workout . CUT to : 42 int . HOTEL corridor - day will and tyrell step out of the room into the long , empty corridor . they cross to a balcony overlook the lobby . the whole place seem desert . tyrell where be everybody ? will ( gallow humor ) they be all dead ... Dead , I tell you . ( ghostly ) ahhhh , we be all deaaaddddd . tyrellll , joinnnn uss . will 's voice echoe across the lobby . tyrell be maybe a little nervous , but hide it . tyrell shut up . they walk down the step to the lobby . 43 int . HOTEL lobby - day they cross the lobby . will ( call out ) hello ? ( worried ) there 's nobody here , tyrell . tyrell 's already out the front entrance . 44 ext . HOTEL - day will and tyrell exit the hotel and make they way down the step outside and go splash across the flood grounds . debris from the storm be scattered all around they . tyrell they be around ... they just do not care about we ' cause we be the contest winner . ( beat ) let 's go find stoner Boy ... make he lazy butt hook we up with fishing pole or ping - pong paddle or something . will ( nervous ) you know , the greenhouse effect have cause the gulf stream to shift and almost every meteorological expert expect a dramatic increase in tropical depression -- tyrell hey -- shut up , okay ? tyrell keep walk . will look around at the wind - and -water - sweep vista . not much of a day for activity . will ( sotto ) I do not like to fish . tyrell move across the grounds . he look back . will be stop in he track , look up at -- in the window of the bell tower -- este , stare down at they . tyrell ( call to will ) you come ? will trot after he , but he take a glance back at the window ... este be go . CUT to : 45 int . HOTEL FITNESS room - day Julie have finish on the stairmaster . both she and Karla be sweaty after a good workout . they mood have improve . karla come on , vampira . I get just the thing for you . Karla lead Julie over to the tanning bed . julie Cancer in a box . karla no , this be the safe sun . ( joke ) it 's better than a day at the beach . Julie be reluctant . karla ( cont would ) come on , a little photosynthesis and you will feel like a new -- julie houseplant . Karla open the canopy of the tanning bed . karla exactly . Julie peel off she sweat . lies down in she underwear . strap on a small pair of goggle . Karla lower the canopy over Julie . angle on a wall timer Karla set the dial . karla ( cont would ) set to three seventy - five , bake for one hour ... julie Karla ! karla just kid . ultra -violet tube come to life -- Julie be bath in purple light . CUT to : 46 ext . HOTEL ground - day tyrell look across the grounds and see , at the far end of the tennis court , titus' pool supply cart half - obscure by the heavy fooliage surround the court . tyrell walk away from will toward the cart . he hear the jam -box on the cart play " trenchtown rock " by Bob marley ... " one good thing about music ... when it hit you feel no pain ... " 46a ext . HOTEL tennis court - day the open door of the entrance clang against the fence in the wind . tyrell decide to cut through the court to the far entrance and the cart . 46b int . HOTEL tennis court - day tyrell walk across the court to the sagging net . there be a rustling in the foliage around the court . something move fast and quietly . tyrell ( call out ) hey , bong marley . come here . the door slam shut behind he . tyrell look back at the door . the latch seem to have stick and it 's no longer swinging . tyrell turn back toward the other door and see the pit bull stand in the doorway . tyrell stare at the dog . the dog growls at tyrell , low and menace . tyrell I be gonna kill you , bong Boy . simultaneously , tyrell turn and the dog lunge forward . tyrell sprint to the door -- it 's locked by a length of metal slip into the coupling . he turn to see the dog bound at he -- tyrell leap up the fence just as the pit bull lunge for he . the dog catch he pant leg . tyrell kick he away and frantically scramble up . the dog relentlessly bark and snap as tyrell climb the fence . will look in at the dog angrily charge the chain -link . he look up at tyrell . will come on . jump . I have get you . he reach out to try and catch tyrell . on the fence tyrell finally loose he grip and fall back , landing on top of will . he roll quickly to he foot . tyrell thanks . ( furious ) I gotta find I a pool boy . CUT to : 47 int . HOTEL FITNESS room - day Karla hammer the bag with a series of quick punch . she finally stop to catch she breath and hear a thumping from the other room . 48 int . basement hallway - day Karla stick she head out the door to the gym , listen . at the end of the hall a OPEN door be visible , a single bare bulb lighting the room . Karla move curiously toward it . 49 int . basement room - day Karla slowly stick she head around the corner just as the thumping noise sound loundly . she react -- a thumping dryer in a small laundry room . Karla relax . karla ( do Julie ) gee , Karla ... that will break the machine ... she approach the machine , which be rock with the noise . karla ( cont would ) damn . how many pair you get in there ? she open the dryer door and jump back . a bloody shoe fly out and into she arm . she look down a beat , and scream bloody murder . a hot spray of blood gush from the machine . reveal - olga' dismembered body tumble inside the dryer . Karla scream again . then she hear the SOUND of heavy boot come down the hall . she run to the door and lock it . she 's trap in a bloody basement cell . suddenly somebody pound on the door . Karla scream . she run across the room , shove a fold table toward a row of basement window . the door be hit again and again . somebody be throw they shoulder against it . Karla bang hysterically on the window , leave bloody handprint on the pane . CUT to : 50 int . tanning room - day Julie 's eye suddenly open through the goggle . she thumb off she walkman . julie you say something ? nothing . and just as Julie lie down again , Karla 's frantic scream echo down the hall . Julie go to push open the canopy . as she do , the canopy lid be jammed down on top of her . a chain shoot through the handle . Julie be lock on the grill . julie ( cont would ) Karla ! somebody ? hey , this be not funny . suddenly the light go off . Julie thrashes around , try to free herself . julie' Pov - through the purple light she see someone walk around in the room . the person step closer . Julie could almost reach out and touch he . she begin to scream ! 51 ext . HOTEL pool - day tyrell angrily make he way past the outdoor pool bar as will follow . tyrell spot a tray of empty bottle . he pick one up and smashes it in half on the ground . he hold out the jag bottle to will . tyrell take this . will and do what with it ? tyrell break another bottle in half . tyrell julienne of pool boy . they move toward the nearby pool house . 52 ext . pool house - day tyrell and will stop outside the door . there 's music from inside . more Bob marley -- " lively up yourself ... " tyrell ( cont would ) I be gonna throw the door . get ready . tyrell open the door and charge in . will 's right behind he . 53 int . HOTEL pool house - day they spill into the room . a light fog hang in the air . the two of they begin to cough and choke . titus sit on the floor face away from they , face a window through which gray light pierce the gloom . titus do not move . he 's too still . in front of he be a large bong that still smoke slightly . tyrell hey , pool boy . tyrell close the distance and kick titus in the back . titus fall over like a block of wood , rictus already set in . his hand be bound behind he . the cord be tie off to some pipe against the wall . he fingernails scrathced groove into the floor , scrabbling for the window and fresh air . will point out two empty one - gallon plastic bottle . angle on the bottle one be label chlorine , the other muriatic acid . will pull tyrell from the pool house . 54 ext . HOTEL pool house - day the two of they collapse , coughing and choking . tyrell what the -- ? will splashes a puddle of rainwater on he face -- will that 's chlorine and muriatic acid . put the two together and you get cyanide . tyrell roll over on he back next to will , practically cough up a lung . tyrell cyanide ? like poison gas ? ( reality dawn ) you mean , somebody really kill he ... omigod . think ... think ... suddenly , they both hear karla scream . they sprint for the main building . CUT to : 55 ext . basement window - day tyrell and will follow Karla 's cry to a narrow srip of basement window which run along the side of the hotel . her palm have bloody one of the window . tyrell get back -- 56 int . HOTEL laundry room - day Karla duck down on the table just as the window explode inward . tyrell kick in the pane and look in . tyrell ( cont would ) give I you hand ! she reach for he . he pull she up and out through the window . 57 ext . basement window - day Karla tumble to the ground with only one thing to say . karla ( scream ) Julie ! smash CUT to : 58 int . tanning room - day tyrell and will suddenly burst through the door . angle on the tanning bed where Julie be just visible , she finger madly grop for a way out . julie oh , God , get I out . get I out . will struggle to open the bed , but the chain hold strong . tyrell grab a nearby dumbbell . tyrell hang on ... angle on the chain tyrell slam the barbell down , shatter the fiberglass handle . a few of the ultraviolet tube pop as will yank up on the cover . they help Julie up , she eye adjust to non- purple light . julie ( almost relieved ) I be not crazy ... I be not crazy . he 's here ... ( already move for the door ) we have get to get to the radio and call for help . karla I think we can classify this as a emergency situation . they head for the manager 's office . CUT to : 59 int . HOTEL - brooks' office - day they burst into the middle of the room before see that brook 's head have a machete stick out of it . tyrell yo , brook , listen up -- ( reacting ) whoa -- tyrell , will , and Karla look at the radio , which be smashed on the floor next to brook . Julie stare in shock at the reverse wall , at a stuffed marlin with the word " I still know " write on it in blood . Karla scream -- tyrell somebody ... be a sick , fingerpaint psycho . karla we gotta get out of here . now . the power cut out and the hotel plunge into darkness . Julie scream and run from the hotel . will Julie ! 60 ext . HOTEL - day Julie run down the step and cut through the blow palm . CUT to : 61 ext . HOTEL dock - day Julie be at the end of the dock . tear be stream down she face , she chest heaving . the other catch up with she . Karla realize the boat be go . everyone be freaking out . karla there be boat here ? refresh my memory , there be boat ... tyrell pick up the end of a cut moor line -- tyrell they be cut loose . will Julie ? wanna tell we what be go on here ? they look at Julie . they escape be cut off by water . they be scared . julie ( freaking out ) we be all go to die . he 's go to kill we one by one . tyrell who ? julie Ben Willis . karla ( not this again ) oh , stop it ! he 's dead . you kill he . now , get over it . we gotta think here . julie they never find the body . her voice be low and urgent , a impromptu confessional . julie ( cont would ) two summer ago . we lie to the authority . we hit Ben Willis with we car . Ray , I , Barry , and helen ... we throw the body in the water to cover it up -- karla Julie ... julie only he be not dead . he kill Barry and helen last July fourth . tyrell begin back away from Julie . he pick up a piece of driftwood from the dock . julie ( cont would ) I think Ray and I kill he on the boat , but we do not and now he 's back to finish up the job . tyrell hold up the log as a weapon . he 's angry and afraid -- tyrell we be on a island , mile from anywhere . I do not give a crap about you be fisherman . there 's dead body pilling up everywhere and there 's one guy miss -- will move closer to tyrell -- will the porter ... what 's he name ? Old asbestos -- tyrell este ! that 's exactly who it be . that old guy know something . we can sit here and wait for he to pick we off or we can go find he first . tyrell turn and head down the dock . will go with he . Karla take a few hesitant step after they , then turn back toward Julie , who have not move . karla Julie , we have to do something . Julie see she friend catch in the middle , see she suffer . she reluctantly start for Karla -- julie ( sotto ) it 's not he . CUT to : 62 int . greyhound bus - night Standard bus folk : old people in Panama hat , buzz - cut military geek on holiday . Ray sit in a seat . he 's in pain and do not look good . he pop a handful of pill into he mouth and wash they down with a Orange crush -- a dignify old lady have be watch he -- old lady people live healthy in Miami . ( sincere , but unsettle ) it 's the future down there every day of the week ... the future . Ray slump back , wait for the pill to work . ray I will keep that in mind . CUT to : 63 int . HOTEL tower room - dusk the door to este 's room bang inward . tyrell , will , Karla , and Julie charge into the room . tyrell yo , freak Boy -- the cluttere room be empty . will he 's not here . tyrell and will begin roughly search through este 's possession . tyrell we be gonna find some weird crap in here . in the corner there be a curtain use as a partition . Julie pull the curtain back and discover a SMALL , heavy cabinet sit in the corner . it seem to glow from inside while casting a evil pall over the room . Julie move toward it and hesitates before open the door . Inside -- be a small voodoo shrine . a candle have burn low before it . hanging before the altar be the little straw man impale on a fishhook . julie voodoo . tyrell I tell you . Julie look closer . she see she toothbrush , a hair tie , assort other knickknack belong to she friend . tyrell ( to Karla ) miss a hair tie ? Karla look in . tyrell snatch the straw man up . tyrell we find we guy . thunder rumble across the sky like the judgement of God . CUT to : 64 int . HOTEL corridor - night Julie , Karla , tyrell , and will walk quickly down the corridor . they have grab some of they thing . tyrell we gotta find flashlight , torch , gun if they get them , anything that will help . will and tyrell eye the stair lead down to the lobby . tyrell wait . maybe he 's down there collect the body part . will and tyrell exchange a glance , a " be you man enough ? " kind of glance . will let 's go . 65 int . HOTEL lobby - night the man head into the kitchen and bar area . will we will only be a second , okay ? tyrell yeah , wait right here , it 's the safest place . Karla be terrify and wait by the stair , but something catch Julie 's eye . she walk across the lobby . karla Julie , where be you go ? Julie keep walk . she see historical picture of the hotel : work crew during construction ; the first limbo contest ; fisherman stand next to sailfish and marlin . near the picture , Julie see the globe . it 's spin slowly . Julie hesitates , then walk toward the globe . it stop spin . she look down at it . close on - the globe and Julie 's hand find Brazil . we see the capital be not Rio , but brazilia . this be dawn on Julie when we hear -- este ( v.o. ) brasilia . she jump out of she skin . este be stand right there in the shadow . este ( cont would ) that 's the capital of Brazil , not Rio . Karla scream . tyrell come fly across the lobby past Karla . he dive on este , tackle he to the floor . will be right behind he . will / este / tyrell let go . I get he . that 's I . it 's he . we get you ... julie leave he alone . tyrell hold up batter este -- tyrell here 's your killer -- este no -- will we find you voodoo crap -- este no -- they shake este , finally give he a chance to speak . este ( cont would ) I find the body this morning ... I try to use the radio , but he already destroy it . julie let he go . I believe he . karla come on , Julie . you see he room . este I have not hurt anyone ... I steal that thing to help you . to protect you . julie he 's tell the truth . he could have easily kill I . he do not . ( beat while this sink in ) look , we do not even answer the radio question right ... this whole thing be a setup . karla what do you mean ? julie Rio be not the capital of Brazil . it be the wrong answer . sorry , we lose . tyrell ( start to lose it ) you have get all this theory but where be he ? where ? where 's you fisherman killer ? julie I do not know . tyrell ( lose it ) you never do ... the guy at the nightclub , the body in you room last night . Little note that only mean something to you . how do we even know you be not the one behind this -- este step forward -- julie ( to tyrell ) how do we know you be not ? este ( to Julie ) I know who you be talk about . he use to work here at the hotel . ( beat ) and I have see he around again . out in the wood by the orchard . they look at este ... be he tell the truth ? este I can not remeber he name , but I do not forget a face . ( beseech ) I can show you ... they stare a beat -- will how do we know you be not set we up ? este where else you gonna go , son ? they look to the office , the gym ... the sense of death surround they . karla I know I do not want to stay in here . julie we will be better off in the open . if we stick together , maybe we can kill this creep for good . tyrell show we . they begin move for the door . CUT to : 66 ext . ferry dock - night establish . the rain pound a fleet of fishing boat . the boat be securely batten down in the weather . Ray limp past , head for a small building at the end of the dock . its sign read : Island ferry , Jack paulsen -- proprieter . CUT to : 67 int . paulsen' boat house - night a gear-strewn office . paulsen watch a episode of Party of five . there be a loud knocking at the door . paulsen what the ... paulsen slowly get up . he crack the door open . Ray stand silhouett against the rain . ray I need to get to Tower Bay Island . paulsen sense something be not right . paulsen we be close . Ray push he way in -- ray I need to get there , now . paulsen look at he stand there drench . paulsen do you happen to notice what 's go on outside ? Ray pull out the gun and point it at paulsen -- ray I be not look for a weather report , I be look for a boat . so which one 's yours ? CUT to : 68 ext . wood trail - night este , will , tyrell , Julie , and Karla walk along a trail through the heart of the island . the storm have abate for a few minute . it 's windy , dark , and spooky . the kind of place you would take people if you want to scare they with a classic ghost story . that be just what este be do . este he work here for many year . he have a nice family . a pretty wife and two little one . a boy and a girl . they would be about you age , now . they continue along the path . este look at they in the dark , slow for just a second . este ( cont would ) one day he wife go miss . maid find blood all over the honeymoon suite -- room 201 . there be strange noise out in the wood . este ( cont would ) eventually , they find she body . piece . a leg in the swamp . a arm wash up on Three mile Beach . ( beat ) and the head they find much later . a huge branch be blow from a tree and come crash down through the underbrush , scare they . este calmly step around it . este ( cont would ) careful -- julie ( softly ) do he do it ? este people say she be run around on he . people say he catch she in bed with other man . people say a lot of thing . ( beat ) he disappear , take the two small one with he . at least they be never find . the wind path lead to a small orchard . they hang on he every word . este ( cont would ) we be here . in the center of the orchard be a cemetery . they move off the path into the safety of the wood . there seem to be activity around the place . it 's silent and eerie . Julie stare , fascinate . she be slowly draw toward the house . Karla grab for she arm . karla be careful , Julie . julie I have get to see . she lead , they follow , circle the house . Julie round a corner of the shack and stop . she see -- two tombstone the first stone read : sarah willis ( birth / death ) the second stone read : susie willis ( birth / death ) Beyond they a freshly dug grave and the group move slowly toward it . the headstone , partially obscure by the mound of dirt , come into view . the third headstone read : julie jame bear September 6 , 1979 die July 4 , 1998 " a lying Whore " " a lying Whore " be scratch with a knife . karla ( realize ) ... today 's July fourth . will go to comfort Julie -- julie I be not die on this island , will. ( louder ) do you hear I ? Julie shout into the darkness . julie ( cont would ) you want I , Ben Willis ? come and get I . I be right here . she kick over she headstone -- julie ( cont would ) my grave stay empty ! she look defiantly down the path . karla Julie , the boat be go , the phone be down . there 's no way off this place . julie then , we fight -- will look around . este be go . will where would este go ? tyrell what be up with that weirdo ? will I will go find he . karla why ? he can not help we . will he 's probably the only one who can help we . tyrell I will come with you . karla be you crazy ? we be not stay here on we own . will it 's okay . he could not have go far . I will catch up with you later . will disappear into the darkness . karla maybe we should just wait here ? hide in a tree ? tyrell I be not hide up no tree . ( to Julie ) I be with she . let 's arm ourselves to the tooth and kick this psycho 's butt . CUT to : 69 int . HOTEL kitchen - night they move cautiously into the kitchen . Blue emergency light flicker above they . it 's a big room with plenty of nook and cranny for somebody to be hide in . tyrell pick up a couple of different knife . he heft they in he hand . tyrell what I need be a gun . not a steak knife . Karla grab a pare knife -- tyrell ( cont would ) you gonna clean vegetable ? you gonna stir-fry ? you need something that will get he attention . he pick up a huge butcher 's knife and cut the air with it . he then roughly empty other drawer look for more weapon . Karla look to Julie , something on she mind . Julie catch the look . karla ( hurt ) I be you best friend ... you could have tell I the truth about what happen . I would have understand . julie ( sad ) Karla , I just want the whole thing to be over . I do not want to involve anybody else . karla it 's too late for that . Julie step over to Karla . julie I be so sorry . I bring this on everyone . it 's my fault . tyrell pick up on the mood swing . he move closer to they . he 's sympathetic . tyrell forget that . you do not do nothing . this fisherman 's a piece of scum . ( hard for he to admit ) I should have be listen to you ... I be sorry . Julie smile for a second . tyrell ( cont would ) now , let 's take a look at the pantry . karla you think that 's a good place to hide ? tyrell I do not know , but I be starve . CUT to : 70 ext . beach - night will run from the tree and find himself by a old house . he see este by the ocean , near a boat . will hey estes. ( beat ) este ? where would you go ? este do not answer right away -- he keep he back to will . will ( cont would ) you abandon we ? how come you do not tell we you have a boat ? este pick up the boat 's oar . he speak low , almost inaudibly . este this have to end . now . will what -- ? este swing the oar , crack will 's head hard . smash CUT to : 71 int . HOTEL kitchen - night tyrell , Julie , and Karla approach the pantry -- a huge steel door . 72 int . HOTEL kitchen - continuous tyrell step inside . tyrell steel door ... food ... perfect . he start look for something to eat -- clank . there 's a soft clatter from somewhere in the room . everyone freeze , stare into the darkness . tyrell put a finger to he lip , then creep down a aisle , listen . there 's nothing but silence . he move toward the first aisle ... he jump out . the aisle be empty . julie and karla move down a aisle behind he . tyrell duck around to the second aisle . he slice the air , ready to pounce . this aisle be empty . julie and karla nervously move another aisle down . tyrell move stealthily toward the third aisle ... this be it . he lunge forward into the row ... empty , also . there 's a small SOUND ... a mouse scamper off under the shelf . tyrell turn and smile at Karla and Julie -- tyrell it 's just a -- a rolling pin bashes he on the back of the head . tyrell hit the floor , unconscious . julie and karla scream karla ty ! a dark figure jump down from the shelf . tyrell put he arm up -- tyrell ( yell for mercy ) do not kill I -- julie wait , it 's Nancy -- Nancy , the bartender step out of the shadow brandish she roll pin . CUT to : 73 int . HOTEL kitchen - night tyrell stand at the sink , where Karla hold a towel full of ice to he head . Nancy , the bartender , look on apologetically . nancy I be sorry , but you could have be the one do all of this -- tyrell and so could you -- crazy fool . nancy you stumble into my hide place . tyrell must have miss the sign . nancy Excuse I , but this island do not have a murder rate until you people show up . ( chill ) I have never see a dead body before . julie get use to it . nancy who 's do this ? tyrell ( friendly ) do not even get she start ... it 's a long , long story and you probably would not believe a word of it . tyrell move as he talk , feed up and exhasted . he cross past the stove and under a huge hang rack of pot and pan . tyrell ( cont would ) I mean , all I know for sure be this be the worst vacation of my life ... I be tired , and I be hungry , and I personally have not see one damn psycho killer ... thwack ! a steel hook sink deep into the base of tyrell 's shave skull , a look of abject surprise on he face . the woman freeze as tyrell dance like a marionette before be hoist up and hang on the rack like a use saucepan . the fisherman be in the vent above the stove . he stare out at they from the hood of he slicker . Ben jump from the range onto the floor . Karla be in shock . Julie yank she and they flee . as she go , Julie pick up a loose knife and hide it in she back pocket . CUT to : 74 ext . offshore on ferry - night Ray pilot the boat through the dark , choppy water . he 's navigate by compass , map spread before he . he see something off the bow -- a boat drift on the fast sea . the word " Tower Bay " be paint on the side . Ray pull alongside and discover the boat be empty . he reach for the radio . ray ( into radio ) come in ... this be summer Breeze request emergency assistance for Tower Bay island . I repeat ... this be summer Breeze ... Ray gun the boat away . smash CUT to : 75 int . HOTEL foyer - night Julie , Karla , and Nancy run into the lobby . the storm be wailing outside the front door . they pause for a second . behind they we hear the rapid thud - thud - thud of Ben 's boot . Nancy go straight to a desk and pull out a flashlight . she point to the main staircase . nancy I know where we can hide . 76 int . HOTEL staircase - continuous the woman run up the stair . behind they , we hear Ben 's footfalls echoing . 77 int . HOTEL corridor - continuous on the top floor , they race toward the end of a dark hallway . at the far end of the hall , Nancy illuminate a section of the ceiling . nancy give I a boost up -- Julie help Nancy reach a pull cord in the ceiling . a wooden ladder pull down . Nancy quickly climb up . BEN willis enter the hallway and continue toward they . on the ladder Karla slip , nearly knock Julie to the floor . they both scramble upwards -- Ben hit the ladder -- just as Julie reach the top rung she scream -- ben' hook be on her foot ! Nancy appear in the open and throw a brick down at Ben . it hit he in the chest and knock he back . Julie make it into the attic . they pull the ladder up behind they like a drawbridge . 78 int . HOTEL attic - night Julie , Karla , and Nancy surround the hatch they have just shut . they fumble with it -- julie there 's no way to lock it . karla what do we do ? from below come laughter . there 's a tug on the hatch , crack it open . the girl pull it back shut , but it 's hard to get a grip . there 's more tug , the hatch bend down ; they can see Ben . then , the rope snap . the hatch slam shut . nancy there 's no way to grip this thing . suddenly the steel tip of the hook poke through the crack ... it wriggle around ... turn ... and begin to pull the hatch down . they try to hold it ... but it 's no use . they let go and jump away . the attic be light by a cathedral window . it 's crosshatch with wooden beam and pink insulation . nancy watch you step ... thunk ! Karla 's foot go through a gap between two beam . smash CUT to : 79 int . HOTEL - karla and tyrell be room - night karla' foot dangle through the ceiling . smash back to : 80 int . HOTEL attic - night Julie help Karla back up onto a beam . nancy ( cont would ) stay on the beam ! Karla and Julie follow she precarious progress . Ben climb off the ladder to a beam . he watch they leap from beam to beam . his hook glint in the light . Julie , Karla , and Nancy move toward the cathedral window . they turn . they be cut off . they spread out against the wall look for a open to get back to the hatch . Ben feint toward Nancy then swipe at Julie -- he miss . she leap away . she look down . instead of insulation , she see a window into the honeymoon suite she see she bed through a one - way mirror . Julie stare , momentarily transfix . Karla be edging she way around the side of Ben . BEN ( be : the mirror ) you would be amaze by what you would see . my wife with every man on the island , for example . ( to Julie ) and you , sexy ... I love watch you . julie you sick freak . Ben suddenly whirl and lunge at Karla . he grab she , but they both lose they balance , teeter for a moment on one of the beam , before fall -- they crash through the mirror -- 81 int . HOTEL - karla and tyrell be room - night Karla and Ben hit the bed in a rain of glass . Karla bounce to she foot and dive out of the way as Ben swing he hook . 82 ext . room balcony - night Karla back onto the porch . she back up against the railing . CUT to : 83 ext . attic window - night Julie and Nancy reach the cathedral window . they open it and look out . 84 ext . room balcony - julie' Pov - night and Ben advance toward Karla , whose back be against the railing . Karla look behind she , see the glass roof of the orchid house which do not look nealy strong enough to suppor she . Ben advance , swining the hook . Karla leap over the railing and onto the glass . 85 ext . greenhouse roof - night Karla keep a wary eye on Ben as she gingerly back up on the glass . the glass begin cracking , subtle crack line splintering out from she footstep . Ben lunge and swipe at she with he hook . Karla lean away from the attack and lose she balance , slip onto she back on the glass . she lift she head . start to move ... crack . the glass be fracure beneath she . she look through the glass . karla' Pov - the orchid below she try to slide toward a support ... the glass creak and moan as she move across the room . karla ( to herself ) oh , god , no -- she 's almost to the support when the roof explode take Karla down into the orchid house . 86 int . orchid house - night the roof shatter in a explosion of fly glass . Karla land on she back . she 's unconsious -- CUT to : 87 int . attic window - night Julie and Nancy look at the empty space which once be a roof support Karla -- julie ( scream ) Karla ! Ben turn and look up at Nancy and Julie . then , he sprint from the balcony . Julie and Nancy duck back into the attic . CUT to : 88 int . HOTEL corridor - night Julie and Nancy climb down into the hallway . they be cautious , expect Ben at every turn . 89 int . HOTEL lobby - night they hurry across the lobby . CUT to : 90 int . orchid house - night a sprawling , steam - fill room , dense with vegetation of all sort and shelf after shelf of beautiful orchid . Karla lie unconscious . slowly , she open she eye . there 's a rustling in the flower . she try to get up , but can not yet . she wait in terror as bird fly up and out of the hole she 's make in the roof . Karla try to stand and she leg give way . she test she knee -- karla oww ... Karla start hobbling . she reach the door -- it 's lock from the other side . there be a thick glass window set in the middle of the door . the crane startle again , something upsetting they . Karla spin to look . nothing . CUT to : 91 int . HOTEL / orchid house - night Julie and Nancy arrive at the door . Karla pound on the other side -- point to the lock . karla it 's lock ! Nancy see a key ring by the door . nancy it 's gotta be one of this . Nancy try the first of many key . something catch Julie 's eye . she move in for a closer look . her eye go wide -- orchid house - julie' Pov a powerful bolt of lightning crack . fill the room with a pulse of bright light . BEN be stand inside and he's heading straight for karla . julie ( terrify ) he 's inside . Karla spin . see he . her terrify scream blend with the crane , now shrieking violently . karla please ! hurry ! 92 int . HOTEL / orchid house - night Nancy fumble with the key . drop they . Julie try to keep calm . julie come on ... 93 int . HOTEL / orchid house - night Ben close fast , slice the top off orchid as he go . he skewer a bud on the tip of he hook . Karla pound on the door . karla ( frantic ) hurry ! Nancy fumble for the right key but the lock be old . julie Nancy ... nancy ( cry ) it 's jamme ! the key be stick . karla ( through glass ) come on !! she 's run out of time . Julie see a FIRE axe encase in the glass safety box . julie ( determine ) no way !! Julie smashes the glass with she elbow . grab the axe . julie ( to Nancy ) move ! Julie hammer the door with the axe . Wood splinter . Glass crack . Ben be almost on top of Karla now . Julie swing . the axe break the glass , pull the frame out . Julie drop the axe . they grab Karla . pull she through . Ben swing . the hook rip Karla 's shoe , but Julie and Nancy pull she through . Julie and Ben be face to face . Julie have the axe in she hand . she stare he down . julie come on , gimme a shot -- Ben rip off he hook , eyeing Julie . karla ( shouting ) Julie , come on . they flee . Ben try the door , realize it have lock behind he . he can not fit through the circular window . he throw he shoulder against the door . and again . and again . the door frame start to give -- CUT to : 94 ext . STORM shelter - night Julie , Karla , and Nancy approach the iron door to the underground storm cellar . Julie carry the axe . nancy it 's over there . they struggle together to open the heavy door . 95 int . STORM shelter - night stair lead down into darkness . Karla hesitates -- karla I do not know ... julie come on , you can make it . Julie get in , pull Karla in behind she . they pull the door close behind they . nancy there 's a light somewhere . 96 int . STORM shelter - night the darkness be complete . we hear movement . karla Julie ? julie I be right here . grab my hand . nancy this place have emergency power . just ease you way down the stair and I will find the light . julie okay . I be at the bottom . Karla , just get my hand . karla I be hold you hand ! julie no , you be not . karla ... Nancy ? Nancy pull the chain on a overhead bulb . the light go on , illuminate the dead corpse of brook , Derrick , olga , and titus -- whose hand Karla be hold . the woman scream ! they muddle together , try to collect themselves . suddenly , there be a pounding on the iron door . they scream . then , Julie remember the axe . she motion the other to stay back -- julie all right -- the iron hatch be slowly open . Julie get the axe into possition -- will poke he head through . he 's clutching a piece of wood as a weapon . will it 's you guy , thank god . be everyone okay ? they be ecstatic to see he . they bound up the concrete stair -- karla help 's here . help 's here . 97 ext . HOTEL walkway - night will be already on the move toward the hotel . will come on . we be gonna be okay . julie do you get help ? will shake he head . he 's walk woozily . julie ( cont would ) what happen ? will este come after I with a gaff hook . julie he 's in it with Willis ? will I guess so . Julie point out that he chest and stomach be cover in blood , too . julie you stomach , you be hurt -- will look down , clutches himself , and keep move . will when I be come back I see you slicker friend look for you guy down by the water . ( beat ) let 's hurry and get inside ... CUT to : 98 ext . beach - night Ray gun the boat straight up onto the beach . he leap from the boat . CUT to : 99 int . HOTEL bar - night will slump down on the bar floor . he 's float in and out of consciousness . Julie lean over he , concerned . julie oh , my god , you be bleed to death . she look back towards Nancy -- julie ( cont would ) we need a first - aid kit . nancy ( already move ) I see one in the lobby . Karla start , then hesitates . will moan , look at she . nancy ( cont would ) I will come with you . will you will be okay . it 's over . Karla and Nancy rush from the bar . Julie look tenderly at will . he look back at she . she pull some hair off he forehead . he smile weakly . julie will , just hold on . we will get you fix up . CUT to : 100 int . HOTEL lobby - night Karla and Nancy go to the area near the check - in and behind the desk . nancy look up there . I will look over here . Karla look behind the desk . Nancy be search the shelf . CUT to : 101 int . HOTEL bar - night Julie tenderly search the area around will 's stomach . she 's fussing with the clothes , look for the wound . julie you have get blood everywhere , but I can not find the wound . will take she head in he hand , look she in the eye . will that 's because it 's not my blood . the slow change in Julie as she realize ... she start to run . will roughly grab she . will ( cont would ) it 's time you wake up , Julie . his voice switch to that of a familiar radio disk jockey . will ( cont would ) ( as Mark in the Morning ) and start contemplating the ultimate magic getaway ! he drag she out of the bar . CUT to : 102 int . HOTEL lobby - night Nancy see a white metal box sit on a shelf . she reach for it ... it 's a first aid kit . another hand reach over and land on top of she hand . she jump and see este right behind she . Karla scream . este will ... he 's in on it . he 's -- suddenly este 's expression change to surprise , and a spear tip appear in the front of he chest . Nancy scream and look over este 's shoulder to see BEN willis stand there hold a spear gun . este topple over on top of Nancy , pin she underneath he die , convulse body . Nancy struggle to get loose . nancy help I . Karla rush to Nancy . she tug on she arm , try to pull she free . the fisherman stride toward they . he raise he hook . he swing at Karla 's head . the hook catch on a beam . Karla struggle with Nancy . karla come on , come on . Ben try to free he hook hand . Karla look up at he . he calmly put he foot onto este 's back and step down with all of he weight , drive the spear tip deep into Nancy who expire with a sigh . karla ( cont would ) damn you . Karla , blind with rage , attack the fisherman . he kick out with a boot and send Karla fy onto a glass table in the lobby area . the table explode . Karla be finish . the fisherman work he hook free from the post . Karla be unmove and look quite dead . CUT to : 103 ext . wood trail - night will pull Julie along a muddy path in the rain . he 's get she by the hair . she 's slip and fall . will look at the bright side , Jules . we finally get to spend some quality time together . Julie 's try to get to the knife she 's stashed in she back pocket . julie why be you do this to I ? will I , I , I . it 's always about you . I be have bad dream . I can not sleep . I be not do well in school . I be have trouble with my boyfriend . julie I trust you . will we have a connection , do not we ? I can tell you one thing , though . Ray do not trust I . he be right . he 's dead , but he be right . they come into the orchard . they be cover in mud . Julie stumble again . go to she knee . Works the knife free and slashes up at will . she slice he across the face . he step back , feel the blood . will ( cont would ) what would you have to do that for ? there be a creepy pause . will stare at he own blood . she catch she breath ... then suddenly , will knock the knife from she hand . he lift she by the hair . enrage , he puches she in the face . she go down . CUT to : 104 ext . orchard - night will have Julie in a choke hold . he drag she toward the open grave . Julie be lose energy , slowly give up . julie ... why ? will why ? come on , Julie . think . you will get it . will benson -- Ben 's son . he shove she . she fall backward into the arm of Ben Willis . will ( cont would ) hi , dad . Julie wail , struggle wildly in Ben 's grasp . julie omigod -- BEN that 's my boy . Ben hold she back to look at she . he throw back the hood of he slicker . we see he face clearly for the first time . julie no , no , no -- Ben pull off he hook and stroke Julie 's cheek with he stump . BEN shush , now . no more scream ... no more run . time to die . ray ( v.o. ) let go of she ! now ! Ben and will spin to see ray like the hero from a western , step out from behind a tree . Ben start to laugh . will join he . will you gotta be kiddin ' I . BEN what be you gonna do , boy ? call we name ? ray let she go . now . Ray raise the .38 caliber handgun . he cock the hammer . Ben do not let go of Julie . lightn fast , he slap he hook back on and get the point to Julie 's neck . BEN think about it , boy . you be no killer . ( beat ) that 's my job . Ray hesitates , he finger on the trigger . he do look scared . Ben take a step toward Ray . then another , push Julie in front of he . will move closer , too . ray stop right there . Ray 's finger squeezing down the trigger . BEN you do not have it in you . suddenly , will dive for Ray . Ray get a shot off , tagging Ben in the shoulder . the gun go fly . Julie spin and hit Ben in the face . he knock she into she own grave ... mud begin to slide in on she . she try to scramble out . will and Ray wrestle , punch each other repeatedly in the face . will have Ray down and he hand around he kneck . he look he in the eye . will we have not miss you down here , Ray boy . I get to know Julie real well . will get the better of Ray . he 's stronger . he yank he up -- choke he . Ray be begging to check out . will ( cont would ) think of all the thing I be gonna do to she . ( beat ) dad , finish he . Ben charge toward Ray 's back . he pull back the hook for a roundhouse slashing -- at the last second , Ray dip , elbow will . the hook go straight into will 's chest . the fisherman have hook he own son . Father and son make final eye contact , the son' eye go blank . Ben stare in shock as will expire , fall back into the mud . Ben scream in rage . Ray be tired . thwack . Ben begin beat Ray . he puches he . he straight - arm he with the hook . he knock he again and again and Ray be beat , give up ... Ben have Ray against a tombstone . the hook slowly inch toward he eye . BEN gonna blind you first . the hook be touch the eyelid -- a gunshot ring out . a look of wonder cross Ben 's face . he slowly turn away from Ray . julie stand behind he hold the gun . julie just ... die . blam . blam . blam . she empty the gun into Ben , who fly backward into Julie 's grave . as he tumble , Ben release the dirt stack beside the grave ... a muddy landslide slowly cover Ben up . Ben 's face be cover over . his mouth start to fill with dirt -- BEN you can not kill I . his face be completely cover . his mouth still move . BEN ( cont would ) I will always be with you . the dirt cover he . it continue to fill , until just the gleaming metal hook wave futilely out of the dirt . then , be stop wiggling . Julie go to Ray . CUT to : 105 ext . HOTEL - night Ray and Julie limp across the grounds of the hotel . they be move past some shrubbery when a dark figure jump out . Julie yell . she and Ray jump back . karla stop in the middle of she kamikaze attack , knife hold out . karla oh , god , it 's you -- julie you be okay . thank god . karla be he ? they nod . they go to she -- jubilant group hug time . they compose themselves . karla ( cont would ) you know , it 's true what they say about package vacation ... you get what you pay for . ( beat ) now , how about we get off this piece of crap island . the first ray of the morning sun appear . Ray look adoringly at Julie as the beautific light catch she face . Ray kiss she . she kiss he back . they be silhouett against a beautiful orange sunrise . julie ( smile ) we do not have to tell anyone it rain the whole time . it can just be we little secret . the three of they throw they arm around each other 's shoulder and they start walk for the beach as ... a coast guard helicopter rise into view . match CUT to : 106 ext . house - day establish . the sun set over a quaint street in a college town . supertitle : four month later Julie pedal she bicycle down the street . she have a book bag over she shoulder . it feel like one of the first day of school . she ride the bike up to a small house on the perfect street . she roll the bike right up to the front door . CUT to : 107 int . house - day Julie let herself into the house . she lean she bike against another bike in the hallway . it 's a perfect day . bird chirping . wind in the willow . there 's another noise ... from inside she house . she go perfectly still . and listen . behind she , by the kitchen , the shadow of a figure move . she whirl . nothing she creep down the hallway toward she kitchen . she pause -- the dark figure almost knock into she . she scream . it 's Ray . he 's hold a disembowel toaster . julie Ray ... what be you do ? ray ( toaster ) oh ... it 's not work right . you be home early . ( see she 's shake ) do I scare you ? julie never do that again . ray ( tender ) hey -- I do not know you be here . it 's okay . ( beat ) we get the refrigerator in . come see . she see the love in he eye . she hug he . julie I love it here . ray it 's gonna be great . dissolve to : 107a int . stairway - night Julie climb to the top of the stair . she pass Ray in the bathroom . she pause in the doorway -- 107b int . bathroom - continuous Ray be at the sink in boxer short . he 's use a electric waterpic devicice that have just be open , a gift from the party . it make a low whirring sound . ray ( see she ) check the lock again ? julie you know I to well . Julie smile and walk to the bedroom . CUT to : 107c int . bedroom - continuous Julie climb into bed with a book . the bedroom be clean and orderly . the window be close . the closet door be shut . the room be decorate simply : a high antique bed ; unopen box ; a highboy ; a antique mirror lean against the wall . a stuff bear sit in a chair . there be a clatter from another room . Julie freeze . she wait . she hear it again . she climb out of bed . CUT to : 107d int . second bedroom - night Julie walk into the dark spare bedroom . the clatter SOUND come from the open window . the wind be blow the blind . Julie relax . she shut the window . as she leave the room , we notice the dirty imprint of a boot below the window . 107e int . bathroom - night Julie pass Ray who be still absorb with the new toy . behind he , the door softly close . the lock twist . Ray be oblivious , happy be the dental - hygene pacesetter of the household . 107f int . master bedroom - night Julie enter the room . she look at the closet door . it be open a crack . she hesitates , try to remember if it be open before -- it be not . Julie approach the closet . she catch she refelction in the mirror next to the closet . she peer into the crack of the closet . she can not see anything . she throw open the closet door . nothing she look around the room . julie what be my problem ? she sit down on the bed . we see she bare foot from under the bed . she smile , relax . she look in the mirror lean against the wall . something have catch she eye . she freeze . she turn slowly back to the reflection in the mirror . she see the glint of steel -- a hook -- crash zoom into reflection -- the fisherman crouching under her bed Julie turn too late -- the fisherman lunge out and grab she leg . Julie scream . she go down -- her nail scrape into the wooden floor as she be drag under the bed . CUT to black : the end