" I think I Love my wife " written by Chris rock & Louis ck ** this movie be rated " R " . if you don't like rated please don't read . " R " movie draft 1.25.06 open card : '' here 's to that who love we , if only we care . here 's to that whom we have love , if only we dare . '' 02.15.06 - itilmw 2. int . suburban live room - day we have enter the home of richard and erica cooper . the place look very norman rockwell . picture be on the mantel and essence magazine on the coffee table . richard , 38 , be a investment banker . he be marry to erica , 36 , a high * school English teacher . she 's six month pregnant . * int . hallway between bedroom ~ morning we hear they daughter , kelly , cry in one of the room . Richard come out of the master bedroom and stand in the doorway of Kelly 's room . he be tie he tie in a hurry . '' good Morning America '' be on the t.v . richard shh ... shh ... daddy love you . mommy will be right there . she stop cry . he go back into he room . the instant he leave the doorway , the cry start again . he run out again , stick he head back in she room , now pull on he shoe . richard come on now , baby . mama 's come . shhh . daddy love you . she stop . he repeat this a few time . each time he * leave , she cry instantly and each time he reappear he be closer to be ready for work . finally , fully clothed , he get the baby out of the room and walk to the bathroom * hold she . * richard who 's my baby ? Kelly 's my baby . you love you daddy ? he knock on the bathroom door . we can hear the shower run . richard * erica ... erica . * erica ( 0.s. ) yeah , come in . he open the bathroom door and we see erica 's beautiful naked back as she wrap a towel around herself and start to dry off . 02.15.06 - itilmw 3. richard here , can you take she ? I gotta get outta here . erica I get she . erica take the baby . Richard kiss she . erica * you better stop . you be gonna get * wet . richard it 's okay , I have my raincoat on . they kiss . erica call I if you be go to be late . richard I will . as he walk away from she , he look back . we be see a beauty shot of erica smile hold the baby . the perfect wife . the camera push into her very slowly . richard ( v.0 . ) hi , I be Richard Cooper . I have be marry for seven year and I be bored out of my fuck mind . 8 int . richard and erica 's house - day erica be now play with they daughter in she playroom . both be on the floor . richard ( v.0o . ) * and that 's my wife , erica . she be the last . she 's the last woman I have ever take on vacation , the last woman I ever take out to dinner , the last woman I ever have sex with and , by the way , like a lot of marry couple , we do not have sex -- correction , we do not fuck . oh , we have intercourse less than eight . time a year , but wé never fuck . 02.15.06 - itilmw 4 . int . master bedroom - flashback Richard and erica be in bed . Richard make a move to touch she . erica honey , I do not want to do anything . I have get a headache . int . master bedroom - flashback another day in bed . erica please do not touch I . my hair hurt . int . master bedroom - flashback another day in bed . erica what be you do ?! int . richard and erica 's house - flashback richard ( v.o. ) I go though the same thing every marry man do : I marry my wife , she have kid and go nut . erica I want another baby . richard what be you talk about ? you be have a baby . erica yeah , but I be ready for another one . richard ( v.o. ) but we work it out . we go to couple therapy and I get my ass kick by both of they . eee * oe * +e ee ek 02.15.06 - itilmw 5 . int . therapist 's office - flashback a pregnant erica be cry as the therapist write on a pad and give Richard ( who we do not see ) disapprove look . erica he do not listen to I . it 's like I be not even there . we be two stranger live in a house . angle on : Richard with bandage on he face , a black eye and a fat lip . richard I be sorry . richard ( v.0o . ) most man would go out and cheat . but here 's what happen when she think I be cheating . int . live room - flashback the house be dark . Richard make he way to the stair quietly . suddenly we hear a punch land , Richard fall . richard hey ! what 's go on ? erica mutherfucker , . you do not think I be go to find out ? richard ow ! my eye ! you have get it all wrong , baby ! erica tell that to you bitch ! int . kitchen - present day erica be adjust Richard 's tie . she give Richard a kiss . richard ( v.o. ) but now everything 's okay ... it 's just that I be bored out of my mind . richard I love you . + ee oe oe ee 02.15.06 - itilmw 6. Richard turn to go , but erica pull he back by the tie . erica I love you , too . oh , after work * pick up two box of pamper . * int . commuter train - later Richard sit among other passengers on he daily commute to work . he open he briefcase , pull out a newspaper and a ipod . he put the headphone on and press a button . he play some Wu Tang clan and start read the New York Times . Richard look around at the women in he car . richard ( v.0 . ) * so we marriage be normal , which * mean I be not get laid . * a pretty girl stand hold a pole . to Richard it appear to be more seductive than it be . richard ( v.o. ) now what I do not understand be , how can my wife not have sex with I and then send I out into a world with so many beautiful woman ? I have * always like look at woman , but now I stare at they like a damn psycho . I have to do everything I * can to resist they . * the camera pan to another beautiful black woman put on she lipstick . richard ( v.o. ) oh yes , look at she . put on that lipstick , baby . oh yes , put it on . angle on : a blonde woman on she cell - phone . richard ( v.0o . ) look at she on the phone . yes , dial that number . let I see you talk . yeah , say something dirty . what 's wrong with I ? angle on : a spanish woman read the paper . 02.15.06 - itilmw 7. richard ( v.0 . ) what about she ? turn that page . yes , that 's nice . read baby . yeah , read for daddy . that 's it . maybe I should just drive to work . CUT to : ext . time square , new york - a little later the morning commuter bustle through the street on they way to work . richard ( v.o. ) I do not really like live in New Jersey . it 's so boring , but that 's what erica want . you know how that go . I love Manhattan . I love the flow of the crowd . I love the mix of people . ext . midtown - later Richard in midtown . he be move in the throng . richard ( v.o. ) I love that -- oh shit ! we see six black and puerto rican thug walk down the street toward Richard . richard ( v.o. ) let I get my ass across the street . Richard cross the street . the thug pass by . all be well . int . office build - later Richard walk through the busy lobby toward the elevator . he stand wait for the elevator . richard ( v.0o . ) I work as a investment banker at a place call '' the gotham asset company . '' I '' one of the only black at the firm . ( more ) 02.15.06 - itilmw 8. richard ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) as a matter of fact , there be so few here that I think I know every black person in the building . CUT to : int . office hallway - same Richard be walk the hallway . he see the clean lady mop the floor . richard how 's it go , Pam ? pam what 's up , Richard ? CUT to : int . office bathroom - same Richard walk into the man 's bathroom and see the janitor empty the garbage . richard what 's up , ron ? ron good morning , Richard . CUT to : int . newsstand in the office build - same Richard busy a kit kat at the newsstand . the elevator come and Richard board . richard ( v.0 . ) it 's not that bad . everybody here treat I pretty good , but I have to admit , be one of the only black here make I a little paranoid , but I guess I be okay . int . office - moment later Richard enter the open multi-cubicle area of this financial office and walk through the empty bullpen . he stop at he mail slot . he glance through some mail . he put he raincoat and briefcase down and start use a computer . 02.15.06 - itilmw 9 . as he type , he unwrap the kit - kat bar , crack off half of it , leave the other half on the desk . just then one of two secretary , tracy , arrive . tracy be a 26 year old , pretty , dark - haire white woman . she 's dress very professionally . it 's all business between this two . tracy Morning , be I late ? richard no , I be early . I '11 get off this in a second . she hang up she coat . Richard go over to the printer and remove the printout , read it . he then go into he office , which be private . int . richard 's private office - moment later a nicely appoint office . .a degree or two hang on the wall , family photo , etc . not a huge office but it have a great view . of midtown . Richard do some quiet work . he be really concentrate . e extreme close up sequence : working a series of quiet ( no music ) , extreme close up show : richard 's pen as he write on a report . richard 's eye as he read a flow chart ( wear glass ? ) . richard 's finger as he trace a line down a very dense sheet of stock figure . we see he wear a gold class ring . he trace down the stock code next to they current value until he settles on a single figure and tap it once . richard ( whisper ) there you be . Richard highlight the figure and rip the sheet out , go back out he office door . int . office —- continuous Richard open the door onto a now busy office . everyone be arrive at work . richard ( hand Tracy the print - out ) ( more ) 02.15.06 - itilmw 10 . richard ( cont would ) Tracy , this be what we be do today . where 's George ? GEORGE , Richard 's colleague , a well dress bespectacle white man , and mary , the other receptionist who be exactly like Tracy but hispanic , walk up the bullpen aisle , talk loudly until they reach George 's private office which be next to Richard 's . mary why be there always a track - fire ? every morning I be sit on a train wait for a track fire . richard c'mon , Mary . they tell you it 's a track fire because they do not want to say rat stampede . tracy George , you wife be on the phone and Veronica call . GEORGE okay , call back Veronica and tell my wife I will call she later . ( to Richard ) Rich , you want to go over that stuff before landis get in ? just then , mr . landis , the boss walk in . landis be a 55 year old white man , a gene hackman type . mr . landis too late . I be here . ' Morning everyone . Cooper , can you bring that contract to my office asap ? richard no problem . i’11l get they right now . mr. landis Tracy , send somebody to Starbucks . tracy it 's already do . mr. landis alright . let 's get to work , people . cur to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 11 . int . richard's office - later George pop he head in the doorway . GEORGE lunch ? Richard give he a look like '' you ask this everyday and you know the answer . '' GEORGE have to ask . who know , you might just say '' yes '' one day . ext . midtown — day we see people in line at a chicken / pita stand , a line go outside of a McDonald 's anda long line at the Soup Nazi stand on West 55th street . Mary and Tracy sit on a bench in Bryant Park , eat salad , chat . CUT toy int . reception area - same the reception area be empty . CUT to : int . richard 's office - same Richard be at he desk pour over papers hard at work . ext . midtown - later we see the soup nazi close he . place . we see the chicken / pita stand close down . we see a hot dog man pour dirty hot dog water into the street . 02.15.06 - itilmw 12 . richard ( v.o. ) they say New York be the city that never sleep , and it 's true , but what they do not say be that every day around three pm , after lunch New York take a little nap and that 's when I like to get out of the office . CUT to : ext . barney' new york - day CUT to : int . barney be - menus department - later Richard be in the menus department of the store look at shirt . a salesman approach he . music : Department store muzak . salesman can I help you find something ? richard no , I be just look . he look further . a average look saleswoman approach he . saleswoman have you see the new prada suit ? richard no thanks . I be just look . a gay salesman approach , not over the top but still gay , come over with cologne . gay salesman Excuse I , sir , would you like to try the new fragrance from calvin klein ? richard no , that 's okay . he follow Richard and spray a little in the air . 02.15.06 - itilmw 13 . gay salesman you should really try it . . it 's fantastic . richard hey , man , do not spray that shit on I ! CUT to : int . barney 's - men 's shoe department -— continuous Richard be now look at some shoe . another salesman approach he . salesman can I help you with anything ? richard no , just look . a beautiful asian salesgirl approach he . salesgirl can I help you ? music stop . richard ( refer to a shirt ) yeah , do you have this in blue ? she pick up a green shirt and hold it up to he body . salesgirl you should try this green one . richard I do not like green . salesgirl no , you should . go try it on . Richard shrug . cur to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 14 . int . barney 's men 's dressing room - moment later we see Richard in the dress room , buttone up he shirt . the salesgirl walk in before he 's get it buttone up and be now share the tight space with he . salesgirl that look great on you . richard really ? you think so ? salesgirl it 's sexy . I like it . Richard look again . richard I do not know . I do not normally wear stuff like this . salesgirl you should start . you look really handsome in it . hey , Lisa ... the asian salesgirl draw back the curtain . a beautiful black salesgirl , lisa , join they in the dress room which be now even more cramped . Lisa look he up and down . both girl be stand very close to he and stare at he in the mirror . richard ( look in the mirror ) you think so ? both salesgirls yes , very handsome . just then the gay salesman that be try to sell the cologne stick he head in the dress room . gay salesman I think it look great on you . richard okay , I will take the shirt ! cur to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 15 . ext . grand central station - evening now the crowd of commuter hurry to catch they train back home to the suburb . people on line at a bus stop . CUT to : int . kelly bedroom - same Kelly 's nursery be decorate in a hello kitty motif . erica be put Kelly in she crib . she hear the front door open and close . erica daddy 's home . Richard enter the room . look into the crib . kiss erica . she smile put down he . stuff . richard how 's it go ? erica watch this . how big be Kelly ? Kelly raise she arm over she head . kelly this big . richard hey , big girl ! erica where 's Kelly 's nose ? Kelly point at she own nose . kelly right here . richard alright ! now where be Kelly 's esophagus ? where 's Kelly 's patella ? where 's you femur ? erica ( chuckle ) give she a break . she 's only two . 02.15.06 - itilmw 16 . richard so what ? there be white kid she age take the bar exam . she 's gotta keep up . Richard pull he turtleneck off , but stop when it be cover he face . he peek out of the neck at Kelly . richard hey , Kelly ! look out ! turtle - man 's gonna getcha ! turtle man 's gonna getcha ! Kelly laugh . erica laugh . erica see he shopping bag . erica you go shopping ? what do you buy ? he take the shirt out of the bag . erica I think you do not like green . CUT to : int . reception area - next day Richard enter wear the green sweater . he start toward the door to he office . tracy there 's a woman in there wait for you . richard a woman ? who ? he enter he office . int . richard 's office - moment later a very beautiful black woman have she back turn to we . she 's smoking a cigarette and wearing super- tight low riding seven jeans over she perfect-stop-traffic ass , a red prada top over stop-air-traffic tit and manolo blahnik shoe on she perfect foot . she turn around in slow motion and we meet nikki . 02.15.06 - itilmw 17 . richard damn . nikki I know you would not recognize I . richard nikki ? nikki what ? do you think I be dead ? Richard put he stuff down , settling into he office and try to act like he 's not affect by she . richard I do not know . I be not really think about you . she take a slow drag off she cigarette , smile . richard you know , people do not smoke in office anymore . he go over and open a window . nikki you do not seem happy to see I . richard no , hey . I be happy to see you . he give she a quick , uncomfortable hug , then move away . richard so , what bring you here ? nikki I come to see you . I just bump into Simon at Starbucks and he tell I you work here , so I figure I have come up and say hi . richard how 's Simon do ? he owe I a call ? nikki he 's alright . just get out - of rehab . ( then impressed ) ( more ) + ee F 02.15.06 - itilmw 18. nikki ( cont would ) look at you . you be a big man * here ? richard not really . I have a few people I have to answer to , but I be not complain . they take good care of I . Richard take he daily kit - kat out of he pocket , crack off half and start eat it , leave the rest on he desk and lean back in he chair . nikki see picture of Richard 's family on he desk . nikki be you marry ? richard yes , for seven year . that 's my daughter , Kelly , she 's two and that 's my wife , erica . we have another baby on the way . nikki * really ? you ? you get marry ? * you walk down the aisle ? you * say " I do '' ? be you happily * marry ? * he look at she for beat . richard uhh yeah ... I be happily marry . nikki really , I do not know . you do not say it right . richard really ? how should I have say it ? nikki I know you should not have have to think about it . I hear ice crack . richard what ? nikki when I be in Boston College I use * to walk across the Charles River to * get to school . * ( more ) 02.15.06 - itilmw 19 . nikki ( cont would ) you ever walk across a freeze river * and hear ice crack ? that 's the * scariest sound in the world . richard do not worry , my ice be fine . you marry ? nikki I marry ? Hell no ! phone ring . Richard answer it . richard ( to nikki ) Excuse me.t ( into phone ) hello ?... yeah , come right now . I be not do anything . he hang up the phone . nikki be I in the way ? richard no , you be okay . so what be you do with yourself ? nikki sit on he desk , pick up the other half of the kit- kat and eat it . nikki nothing great . I work at the Blue bar . you know , right next to nell 's . richard next to nell 's ? I do not think I have be to a club in like six year . nikki damn , you really do settle down . I would like to settle down , but I still like to hang out real late . i- like to have breakfast when everybody else be eat lunch . richard ooh , what a rebel . they share a uncomfortable silence . 02.15.06 - itilmw 20 . richard hey , look , sometimes I be free in the afternoon . if you call maybe one day we could have a late lunch . nikki you do not want to have lunch with I . you be just try to make up for be so mean when you walk in . richard no , listen , it would be great to see you and catch up . the intercom buzy . Richard pick up he phone , now all business . nikki see this and leave . richard yeah ... okay , let 's go over that tomorrow ... ( to nikki ) later , nikki . int . commuter train - early evening still wear the green sweater , Richard sit with other passengers on he way home . he 's get he headphone on listen to Wu Tang clan . richard ( v.o. ) see nikki make I realize how uncomfortable I have become with woman . I have like to think that before I get marry I know how to talk to woman . int . time square - fantasy Richard be walk through Times Square in slow motion . people pass he by . he 's dress in a armani suit , cool shade and expensive shoe , very slick and rich look . he have a intense look on he face . the general atmosphere tell we this be not reality . music : '' Excuse I miss '' by jay - Z play . through some subtle visual and SOUND effect , Richard 's body light up for a second . * 02.15.06 - itilmw 21 . extreme close up : Richard 's face . as he begin to exude sheer confidence . angle on : several close ups of several women , who be walk by , peer at Richard as they pass he , instantly fall for he . angle .on : richard drink it in with a deep breath ( kind of like keanu in the last scene of '' the matrix '' ) . richard ( v.0 . ) if I be single I have be dangerous . a woman walk by . she seem very busy and successful . richard Excuse I , do you want to have sex with I ? woman one of course I do . richard then come on . he lead she off . int . time square - fantasy Richard approach another busy look woman . richard hey , let 's go to a hotel . woman # 2 but I have a appointment . richard yeah , a appointment to give I some . come on , bitch . int . time square - fantasy then another woman , woman # 3 . richard Excuse I , be you a prostitute ? woman # 3 yes , I charge one thousand dollar . 02.15.06 - itilmw 22 . richard well , I ‘'1l charge two thousand . you better bring you ass on . she pull out a wad of cash and hand it to he . they leave . int . time square ~ fantasy Richard approach a cute , young girl . richard Excuse I , miss -- cute girl get the fuck out of here . she walk off , leave he stand there . richard maybe it be a good thing I get marry . int . richard and erica 's house - night Richard walk into the kitchen after a hard day 's work still carry he briefcase . erica be feed Kelly who sit in a high chair . '' girlfriend '' be on the tv . richard ( give erica a kiss ) hi , honey . I be home . erica hey , I be almost do with she . I will have you food ready in about half a hour , okay ? richard take you time . I be not that hungry . Richard bend down to Kelly . richard hey , Kelly , give daddy a kiss . Kelly put some carrot in Richard 's mouth instead . erica laugh . Richard be in a pack elevator . Richard be the only black on the elevator . straight ahead . 02.15.06 - itilmw 23. richard thank you , Kelly . so how be school today , honey ? erica it be fine . I be start to get tired of this kid rub my stomach . Kelly , tell daddy how busy we be today . first , we go to music together then she have a play date at Brian 's house . richard any b-l-a-c - k kid ? erica not one . I be think about join a '' mommy and I '' group in teaneck . I gotta figure something out . richard we should take she to see she cousin next week . erica we should do that . how be work ? anything happen with you today ? richard nothing . just work . erica okay . ext . newsstand - day Richard buy a kit kat . int . elevator - a week later CUT to : CUT to : everybody be in a suit and he look CUT to : * % ek 02.15.06 - itilmw 24 . int . richard 's office - later Richard be on the phone with a prospective client . richard yes , I know you be work with Cross and lubitch , but I think you be go to see some trend in the market soon which will point you we way . Mary stick she head in . mary there 's a nikki tru on line one . Richard nod to she and she leave . richard okay ... no , no ... this be just a courtesy call to make you aware that we door be open ... good ... thanks , walter . bye . he punch another line on the phone . CUT to : int . richard 's office / nikki 's apartment - same intercut between richard and nikki nikki 's on the phone . she 's sit on she bed wear a metallica t-shirt and panty . nikki hey , you wanna do lunch today ? I just get up . if I jump in the shower right now I could be there in about a hour . richard I can not do it today . nikki how about tomorrow ? richard tomorrow ? okay , but not until two . 02.15.06 - itilmw 25 . nikki I 'il see you tomorrow . int . - richard's office -. continuous Richard hang up . George come in he office , fire up . GEORGE you want to go to lunch ? richard no . fade out : int . fancy restaurant - that evening Richard and erica be have dinner with another upwardly mobile black couple , allan and jennifer . the waitress be . pour they wine , she be very hot and Richard be try not to notice , rie erica ‘( ret waitress ) she 's pretty , huh ? richard who ? jennifer anyway , Allen : still want to live in New York , but I tell he you can not raise a kid here . richard what do you mean you can not raise a kid here ? people have be raise kid here for century . that Columbine kid be not from New York . what 's they excuse ? int . fancy restaurant - a little later jennifer so let I get this straight -- you be say education be overrate ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 26 . richard no , I be say that school be overrate . Education be great , but school teach kid so many lie . erica I be a teacher . I do not teach kid lie . richard yes , you do . you know what my favorite lie that they teach in school be ? the one where they say that the Indians sell Manhattan for what be it -- sixteen dollar . allen how do you know that be a lie ? be you there ? richard come on , it do not make any sense . the Indians sell Manhattan for sixteen dollar ? the White man take everything when he get here why would he buy Manhattan ? that 's like a rapist ask for a date . I do not think so . int . fancy restaurant - a little later richard what grow man have kid sleep in the bedroom ? jeniffer I admit it 's weird , but it do not mean he 's guilty . erica I blame the parent . richard I know you think he 's innocent , but he 'il never baby - sit my kid . erica okay , honey you make you point . you do not need to scream . 02.15.06 - itilmw richard scream ? what be you talk about ? I do not scream . erica just forget it . richard what 's wrong ? when we go out and I do not talk you get mad , now we be out and I be talk and you be still mad . Jennifer jump in break the tension . they leave Richard and Allen alone . Richard 's jeniffer I need to go to the lady room . ( to erica ) you want to come ? erica yeah , I better go . richard damn ! why be she so mad all the time ? allen it might not be you . she 's be upset at work a lot lately , too . look at the waitress . she smile back . richard do you see this waitress ? she 's kill I . allen I know what you mean . richard this be ridiculous . I be gonna say something . allen come on . let 's just pay the check and get outta here . 27 . 02.15.06 - itilmw 28. richard Nah , nah . somebody 's gotta say something . Excuse I , could you come up here for a minute ? right then the maitre ’d come over . maitre ’d how be you do , gentleman ? have everything be satisfactory ? richard the food be great . we just hada problem with we service . maitre ’d really ? do she bring you food on time ? be she rude ? richard no , no . nothing like that . the service be great , but just look at she . maitre ’d jessica ? richard yes , jessica . we come here for a quiet dinner with we wife . we do not need this shit . do you know how hard it be to try and not notice she all night ? I could not even enjoy my food . my wife 's try to tell I something about my daughter , next thing I know I get this big tit ask if I want a appetizer . maitre'd I be very sorry , sir . richard the next time I come in here with my wife you better send the oldest , ugliest man you get to come and take my order , you get it ? maitre'd yes , sir . 02.15.06 - itilmw 29 . richard thank you . curt to : int . commuter train - morning Richard sit with other passengers on he way to work . he 's get he headphone on listen to the Wu Tang clan . int . richard 's office - next day Richard be on the phone . richard well , what do you expect for that price ? you get what you pay for ... we hear a knock on the door . Mary stick she head in . mary nikki 's here to see you . richard ( cover the receiver with he hand ) really ? it 's two already ? he look at he watch . richard okay , let she in . od Mary close the door . richard ( into the phone ) well , if you be interested in go over some figure give I a call . he hang up . nikki enter and close the door behind she . as the door close we see that Mary 's 3 watch she go in and be give she a dirty look . nikki what 's up ? you ready for lunch ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 30 . richard yeah . I x11 be with you in two second . nikki sit down in a chair , take out a cigarette and light it . CUT to : int . restaurant - later they be seat at a table by the window . nikki smoke . richard .-- and you be with Nelson . he be out of he mind when he be with you . nikki I know . poor Nelson . hey , remember when we all go to the vineyard ? remember ? she stare into he eye . he stare back , resisting . richard vaguely . nikki vaguely ? you be not marry then . we both kinda cheat on you best friend , but big deal . that 's old news . you and I always have bad timing . richard when I meet you , you be go out with Nelson . nikki I call you after we break up and you be with ... what 's she name ? richard marci . they be silent for a beat as Richard look around . richard where would you find this place ? I have be work in this neighborhood for year and I have never see it . e k a * oe ee HH * * oe 02.15.06 - itilmw 31 . nikki I just stumble across it one day . richard so what 's go on with you ? nikki well , I live with teddy on the West side . we also have a place in d.c . richard what do he do ? nikki he 's a promoter . so he 's away a lot . it 's almost like have my own place . ( beat ) do I know you wife ? richard I do not think so . nikki is. she white ? richard no ! why have you say that ? nikki do not get offended . remember that girl . you bring to Andre 's party ? richard that be one girl at one party . what be I , brand ? some of you sister do not notice a good brother ' till a white girl get he . nikki okay , I do not mean anything by it . so ... do you and you black wife still fuck ? richard Excuse I ?? nikki do not be offended . I be curious . everybody I know who 's marry tell I after a while they do not fuck anymore . * 02.15.06 - itilmw 32 . richard so , do you love this guy ? nikki you do not answer my question . richard I know . nikki I like he a lot . poor teddy . teddy ? no . he 's just ... ( beat ) so , how do you meet you black wife ? so , do you love this guy ? e k richard I be play football in Central park. class . she be there with she I do not know . something calm about she . there be I just have to meet she . flashback : ext . central park - day music : we hear '' summertime '' by will Smith over the follow -- Richard be on the football field . she be surround , up to the waist , in young erica . child . Richard stare smile . we hear somebody in the background yell at erica . the ball land oblivious . the other guy of Richard . music stop . int . restaurant - present Richard be look at he memory . nikki he look over to see a at she . she look up at he . he * yell '' hike . '' we see the other guy * at Richard , who be still grin at Richard 's foot . he be run over and knock the shit out back to : day food , silently , engross in the nikki snap he out of it with a chuckle . ( semi-sarcastic ) aw , you be in love with you wife . that 's sweet , ritchie . 02.15.06 - itilmw 33 . richard something wrong . with that ? Richard be a little uncomfortable . nikki ( cont 'd ) hey , I have love to get domesticate , have some kid , stop all this bullshit . if you have any friend for I let I know . I be get a little too old for the club scene . richard I do not know how you do it . ~ be tired all the time , smell like smoke , there 's always a fight . gotta know the doorman , gotta have the right sneaker . some girl will not fuck I cause my car 's not nice enough . meanwhile this chick 's on the bus . everybody 's get a Jersey on . I do not know if I be in a club or a training camp . Richard 's cell - phone ring . richard ( to nikki ) Excuse I . ( into phone ) yes ... as Richard be on the phone the waiter put the check on the table . Richard pick it up and put a credit card in it . richard ( into phone ) okay ... no , I 'il be back in the office in about ten minute ... okay . he hang up . richard ( cont ’d ) ( to nikki ) I gotta get back to work . cur to : ext . the time warner CENTER - two day later - saturday it 's one of the only mall in Manhattan . + % ee oh 02.15.06 - itilmw 34 . int . shopping mall - later Richard and erica , who 's hold Kelly , be walk through a mall . richard ( v.0 . ) the next Saturday erica and I come into the city to do some shopping . CUT to : int . victoria 's secret - moment later Richard be in the panty section , hold he daughter , Kelly , wait for he wife . he be look around at some old women buy lingerie . richard ( under he breath ) God bless this gal , still work on the marriage . good for they . Richard pick up a pair of skimpy panty off a rack . richard ( cont 'd ) honey , why do not you get this ? I like they . erica be sifting through a bin with some older women . she look at what skimpy panty Richard be hold up . erica okay , well let 's find you size so you can wear they . richard very funny . I do not know why you come to Victoria 's secret to get this big -ass panty . Richard hold up a huge pair of panty . richard ( cont 'd ) you could have get this shit at a gas station . erica do not curse in front of Kelly . nikki ( 0.s. ) hey , Richard ! they look 02.15.06 - itilmw 35 . up to nikki , who cross to they . she 's hold the same panty Richard want . erica to get . erica and richard what be you do here ? nikki pick up a few thing . I think you live in Jersey . richard . we do , but erica want : to come ' into the city . ( to erica ) honey , this be a old friend , nikki . nikki shake hand . nikki very old ... richard ab you remember Nelson ?. she go out with Nelson for a while . nikki ( to Kelly ) and what 's you name ? erica do not be shy . speak up , girl . kelly Kelly . nikki hello , Kelly . she 's beautiful . just like she mom . erica thanks . ( to Kelly ) say , '' thank you , '' Kelly . nikki touch the lingerie erica pick out . nikki this be cute . be they from the angel Collection ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 36 . richard no , they be from the '' parachute '' collection . we use they to jump out of plane . erica stop it ! no , I try that . when tyra bank wear it it 's a teddy . when I put it on it 's a grizzly . nikki you could wear anything you want . I have get to go . you guy take care . Richard and erica say good - bye . nikki leave . erica so , she 's the one Nelson try to kill himself over ? she do not seem dangerous . I like she . what do she do ? richard I think she work at some club in the village . I do not know how she find I . she just stop by one day to say hi . erica when ? richard about a week and a half ago . erica you never mention it . how come you do not tell I ? richard I do not know . I guess I just forget . erica do you forget anything else ? richard no. 02.15.06 - itilmw 37 . erica okay . well let 's go upstairs . we need pillowcase . CUT to : int . commuter train - morning Richard sit with the other passengers on he way to work . this time he 's read the paper . CUT to : ext . time square , new york A. traffic cop direct traffic . people at a newsstand . int . office - monday morning Richard enter . Mary be type and Tracy be stand behind she . . - mary / tracy ( in unison ) nikki call . richard how long ago ? tracy just now . she say she 'il be by at five . int . richard 's. office - afternoon Richard on the phone . Richard talk to Mr. landis Richard on the phone . CUT to : int . —- richard 's office —- that evening Richard be at he desk work . a knock on the door . 02.15.06 - itilmw 38 . richard come in . it 's nikki . she have two shopping bag . she set one on a chair . nikki this be for I . she cross to he desk and hand he the other bag . nikki and this be for you daughter and the new baby . I be think about you guy all weekend . you look so cute together . Richard take a little dress and little shirt out of the bag . richard this must have cost a lot . thanks . * nikki * do not worry about it . a knock on the door . nikki get up from the desk and go to the window . Tracy pop she head in . tracy Mary and I be leave . do you need anything before we go ? richard no , I be okay . good night , Tracy . tracy ( to Richard ) good night . nikki good night . * Tracy ignore nikki and exit . nikki * I do not think you secretary like * I . * richard * they be not even think about you . 02.15.06 - itilmw 39 . int . reception area . — continuous Tracy look at Mary and they both shake they head as they walk out . int . richard 's. office - continuous nikki be still sit on the windowsill . nikki hey , you get any singles ? richard ( go through he wallet ) yeah . I have get about seven or eight buck . what do you need ? nikki come , here . she take the money from Richard . _ richard what .are you do ? nikki feed the fish . watch this . Richard lean out the window as nikki drop a dollar bill . it flutter down to the sidewalk , before it hit the ground a shocked pedestrian jump and catch it . Richard and nikki laugh . nikki drop more money down . we see a dollar on the ground . angle on : Richard and nikki in the office . richard / nikki come on , bum . get it . get it bum . ahh , he miss it . angle on : the street right as the bum pass it , a white college kid scoops the dollar up . angle on : Richard and nikki . richard / nikki damn . angle on : street.as two people fight over a bill . ee oe 02.15.06 - itilmw 40 . man # 1 that 's my money . man # 2 no. fuck you . that 's mine . angle on : Richard and nikki . richard oh shit . let 's get out of here . he close the window quickly . cur to : int . train - later Richard on the train with the bag he get from nikki listen to he ipod . a attractive woman walk by . Richard just take a look and shake he head . int . richard 's live room - that evening Richard show erica the little shirt and dress . erica this stuff 's not cheap . should we ... invite she to dinner ? richard no . let 's not . I do not want nikki come around here . erica I think she seem nice . I think you be just judge she on she past . people grow , people change . look at you . richard she seem nice , but she 's complicated and needy . she 's live with one guy , then she 's live with another , go to Miami just for some puffy party . she just will not grow up . erica smile at he politely . 02.15.06 - itilmw 41 . erica okay , I get it . do not invite she to dinner . so do you want lima bean or corn ? richard lima bean . CUT to : int . commuter train — morning we see Richard walk through a crowded train look for a seat . cur to : ext . richard 's office - morning there 's nikki outside smoking a cigarette . wearing a green prada sweater and tight Seven jeans . they walk and talk she look upset , like she might have be cry . richard hey what be you do here ? be you okay ? nikki teddy and I break up last . night . I '' - so upset I have not sleep . richard what happen ? CUT to : int . elevator .- moment later Richard and nikki be in a elevator . there be a couple of other people on with they . nikki I do not know . we have be fuck all night and he just fall asleep . can you imagine ? richard no. 02.15.06 - itilmw 42. nikki I could not take it . I mean if we be fuck and I fall asleep that 's just great . if we be fuck and then we both fall asleep that 's okay . but if we be fuck and then just you fall asleep that 's fuck up . I guess you marry people do not have this kind of problem . richard yeah . lucky I . nikki no , really , you be lucky . if I be smart I would have date a guy like you instead of mess with this idiot . I be get too old for this shit . CUT to : ee * * int . richard 's office - moment later Richard and nikki be in he office . a few minute have pass . Richard have take off he coat . nikki it 's almost like we break up a few month ago , but I just do not know it . but now I have get to move . can you put I up for a couple of day ? richard ( struggle ) ah , no . we place be small . we have get the baby come . we be move a nanny into the guest room . nikki I love kid . I could be you new nanny . richard I do not think my wife would -- nikki get cha . I be just play with you . damn , you should have see the look on you face . 02.15.06 - itilmw 43 . Richard start do a bit of paper work . nikki notice he ipod and start look at it . nikki oh , you have a ipod . you still listen to Wu Tang all the time ? richard yup . all the time . you get a good memory . I be not do downloading - music yet . she scroll through the song . nikki Boy , you get some nigger ear . richard nigger ear ? what be you talk about ? nikki look at this ... luther vandross . patti labell , lévertt , Wu Tang , tribe , p.e. , snoop , jodeci . ya know , white people make music too . richard one day you think I have a white wife now I get nigger ear . I tell you I be not do yet . nikki no nine inch Nails , no radiohead , no U2 , no chili pepper . look , let I put a little something on here for you . open you horizon . she take out she ipod , connect it to he with a wire , downloading some music . she scroll to one song and show it to he . nikki and this one ... you listen to this on you train ride tomorrow . this be from I to you . richard I will listen with my nigger ear . she put back she ipod , start leave . on-her way out , she run she hand through Richard 's hair . playfully . 02.15.06 - itilmw 44 . nikki see you later . I gotta find a apartment . let I know if you get a divorce , okay ? richard I ' 11 let you know . she leave . CUT to : ext . cooper house - night CUT to : int . kitchen - next morning Richard and erica say good - bye . Richard 's about to go to work again . '' good Morning America '' be on the t.v. erica so have you hear from you friend nikki ? richard no , I do not think I 'il be see she again . she like to disappear . erica ah that 's too bad . I finally get she a thank you card for that clothes she get Kelly . richard well , give I the card and if she stop by I will give it to she . erica I think you say she disappear . richard well she might reappear . and if she do I will give she the card that you buy for she . do you have it ? erica it 's all the way upstairs . I x11 give it to you later . 02.15.06 - itilmw 45 . richard okay . Richard kiss erica and playfully grab she ass . she move away . erica you better go . I have to get Kelly ready for a play -date . richard any black kid ? int . train —- morning Richard be on the train . he take out he ipod , scroll through some song and click on the song that nikki put on there for he . he hate the first few song and click fast then he finally stop at '' closer '' by nine inch Nails . while the music be play we see that Richard be affect by what he 's hearing . he look like he 's go to sweat . he loosen he collar . the camera be just on Richard , but about 8 second in we will cut to different women on the train lip '' synce the lyric . nine inch nail = '' you let I / violate you : / you let I desecrate you / you let I penetrate you / you let complicate you / help I / i've broken apart my inside / help I / I 've got no soul to sell / help I / get away from myself / I want to fuck you like a animal / I want to feel you from the inside :/ I want to fuck you like a animal / my whole existence be flawed / you get I closer to GOD . " the last line of the song be sung v.o. by nikki . Richard snap out of he fantasy and we see a old lady smile at he . ~ fade to black . ext . office - the next day CUT to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 46 . int . richard 's office - day Richard be at he file cabinet go through some file . Tracy walk in . she 's get a attitude . tracy nikki 's here . what do you want I to do ? richard what 's wrong with you ? tracy nothing . what do you want I to do ? richard just let she in . Tracy walk out . nikki walk in . richard what 's up ? do you find a apartment yet ? nikki actually I come to ask if you would come with I to look at a place in harlem . I be just a little scared to go up there alone . richard you know , if you be scared to look at this place in the daytime maybe you should be look someplace else . Richard walk out to the reception area and speak to Tracy . richard Tracy , when you send out the roster for the Bank of New York , do not forget the second tier report . tracy do not forget you have a conference call at twelve . richard they do not need I for that , right ? he call out to George . 02.15.06 - itilmw 47 . richard George ? GEORGE ( 0.8 . ) yeah . richard do you need I for that conference call at twelve ? George . enter the reception area across from he office . GEORGE I do not need you . you need I . nikki watch from the doorway of Richard 's office . George glance over and see she . richard ( notice ) ahh George , I want you to meet nikki. ( introduce ) nikki . George . she enter the reception area and shake George 's hand . GEORGE please to meet you . nikki you , too . richard so , I 'il see you this afternoon . Richard and nikki leave . George watch they leave , wonder ... CUT to : int . taxi cab — day nikki and Richard be in the back of a cab . nikki I do not know how you can stand work in a office . it look so unreal to I . everyone 's dress the same . ( more ) 02.15.06 - itilmw 48 . nikki ( cont would ) everyone 's so busy work for some big company that do not give a fuck about they . it 's sad . richard hey , people have to work . if people like I do not work , people like you could not shake they ass in club all night . nikki hey , do you listen to any of that music I put on you ipod ? CUT to : ext . build in harlem - later the building be not bad , but the building next to it be go . just a lot full of rubble . Richard and nikki get out of the cab and walk into the building . Richard look around at the folk hang around on the street . he stick out in he nice suit . he look uncomfortable . nikki what 's the matter ? you be not afraid of you own people be you ? richard my own people ? I do not know this nigger . I be from Brooklyn . int . apartment - moment later the landlady lead Richard and nikki into the room . it 's very small and very basic . landlady here it be . nikki the ad say there 's a balcony . landlady I lie . nikki oh. 02.15.06 - itilmw landlady I do not know if the bed be big enough for the both of you . this place be really for student . nikki we be not a couple . richard I be just a friend . landlady a friend ? so which one of you be pay the rent ? nikki I be . landlady sure you be . Richard give nikki and the landlady a look . int . school faculty room / int . richard 's office ~ day intercut richard and erica 49 . erica be on a phone in the faculty lounge , as she drink she coffee . other teachers be loung also . she be eat a sandwich and some fries . erica ( into phone ) I have two more class today . I throw up during the last one . the kid love it . I wanna have this baby already . richard ( into phone ) you do not have to be work right now . you : should just take you maternity leave now . erica ( into phone ) I do not want to waste it . 02.15.06 - itilmw 50 . as she speak , allen , ( the guy from dinner ) also a teacher sit next to she . he take a french fry from she plate and eat it casually . erica ( to Allen ) if you want some more take it . richard ( into phone ) who be you talk to ? erica ( into phone ) Allen . he be eat my fries . richard ( into phone ) oh. erica ( into phone ) I think I be go to wait ' till the baby be bear and we can use my leave to go away someplace . what be you do ? Tracy stick she head in . tracy nikki 's here . Richard give Tracy the '' okay '' sign . richard ( into phone ) nothing , just work . listen , I gotta go . ' 11 call later , okay ? he hang up the phone . nikki walk in . nikki hi. richard what 's up ? how 's you new place ? nikki small , but I like it . you have some time ? you want to get out of here ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 51 . richard um ... sure . nikki let 's go . she get up . he get up . George stick he head in . GEORGE hey , partner . ( notice nikki ) oh , hi . richard George , you remember nikki ? GEORGE sure . nikki , hi . they shake hand . GEORGE ( to Richard ) you know what , can we talk for just a second ? I need 's to know just a couple of thing before I make this call . richard sure . nikki , why do not you wait outside . I x11 be out in a minute . . GEORGE sorry , I will n not keep he long . nikki no problem . nikki leave . George close the door and lean on the desk , look at Richard severely . richard so - George be concerned . GEORGE what - the-fuck be you do ? richard what 's wrong ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 52. GEORGE do you want to mess up you whole life ? what the fuck be wrong with you ? richard I be gonna try that again . what 's wrong , George ? GEORGE what 's wrong ?! this bitch nikki . that 's what 's wrong . I can not believe you get this bitch up in the office everyday . richard George . nikki 's just - GEORGE you get a kid on the way . you get a good wife . be you crazy ? richard George , slow up . I be not fuck she . GEORGE she 's fuck you , Richard . she 's already fuck you . you just do not know it . I be tell you ... richard okay , first of all , nothing 's go on . second of all , how 's this come from you ? you cheat on you wife all the time . last year , you be fuck Tracy and Mary at the same time and I do not say shit to you . GEORGE that 's different . I do not give a fuck about any of this bitch I fuck they , then '' hey , bitch , get the fuck out . I gotta pick up my wife . '' you on the other hand , you be like Captain - save - a - Ho . you like to be need and nikki know it . richard I appreciate it , dad , but I be alright . she 's a friend . . 02.15.06 - itilmw 53 . GEORGE a friend ? right . she 's gonna fall man . and when she fall , she 's gonna land on you . Richard leave . int . elevator - a little later nikki and Richard be stand . Richard be pensive and stir by what George say . nikki you okay ? you seem upset . richard you know what , we should not do this anymore . nikki do what ? what be you talk about ? CUT to : ext . STREET - moment later richard we whole '' hang in the afternoon lunch '' thing . it do not look good . I think we gotta stop . nikki stop what ? we be not do anything . look , I be not try to fuck you .. I be not try to fuck anybody . I just wanna hang out with my friend . she hold he hand in -her . Richard look into she doe eye , see pain , and it melt he . richard I be you friend . it 's just that I do not need any drama . nikki then come on , let 's hang . no drama , I promise . let 's go somewhere and just chill . * 02.15.06 - itilmw 54 . she lead he off , still hold he hand . richard you wanna get something to eat . nikki not really . let 's go somewhere different . CUT to : ext . convention CENTER CUT to : int . car show - same they be in a big Convention Center with car display all over . Richard and nikki be strolling in the hot car section . porsch , ferraris , concept car be glitter at each display , door open and velvet rope around they . there be hot girl strolling around , security guy at the car and car fan check everything out . richard I have be want to come here , but I have just be too busy . nikki it 's only here for a few more day . richard man , look at this car . nikki look at this girl . I wonder how much they make . richard wow ! porsche turbo . that 's hot . they walk over to a porsche prototype which be heavily guard . nikki my friend , Brad , have one of that . they be horrible on gas . richard yeah , but I bet they be great on pussy . 02.15.06 - itilmw 55 . nikki do you say something ? richard no. nothing . be Brad you new boyfriend ? nikki no , he like I , but it be not go to happen . poor Brad . nikki walk over to the car , step gracefully over the velvet rope . one of the security guard see she . he smile and hold the door for she as she slide into the seat . her skirt ride up , show she fine leg . nikki come on , Richard . get in . Richard walk over and get in the passenger side . nikki I love the smell of a new car . you should get one of this . nikki put the seat way back and put she foot up on the dash . richard you know how much I have have to make , to buy a car like this ? for I to get a '' porsche , '' I gotta buy my mother a Taurus , my wife a volvo , and then maybe I can get a porsche . even then , where do the baby seat . go in this thing ? nikki well , I be gonna get one someday and you be gonna be old and wish you have one . richard well , you be gonna be break someday and you be gonna wish you have not . let 's look at the rest of this stuff so I can get back to work . car show montage : Richard and nikki have a good time . they sit in different car : ferarris , nascar , etc . 02.15.06 - itilmw 56 . they play a racing simulation game , they talk to hot model . Richard sit in a two seater , between nikki and a hot model , etc . int . richard and erica 's house - same time erica be play with the baby . she pick up the phone . erica ( into phone ) hi , Tracy . be Richard there ?... no , I try he cell ... okay . well , just let he know I call again ... okay , bye . erica hang up the phone look slightly concerned . int . car show - same time while nikki and Richard be sit side by side in a race car we see they glance into each other 's eye , and for the first time we can see that they have feeling for each other . Richard open the door of a new mustang and the alarm go off . Richard and nikki run . ext . STREET —- day nikki be walk Richard back to the office . richard I really have a nice time . nikki I have a nice time too . I be gonna miss you this weekend . richard I be go to miss you , too . they stop in front of the building and look at each other . it feel like they might kiss but they do not for now . richard I think you say '' no drama . '' nikki there 's no drama . richard bye , nikki . 02.15.06 - itilmw 57 . nikki bye , have a good weekend . she kiss he lightly on the lip and leave . he watch she walk . away and start to skip down the street . Frank Sinatra , '' I get the World on a string '' start to play . we see Richard give a bum some money , kiss a old lady then the music stop and the smile leave he face . Richard run right up to the camera and yell ( we do not hear anything ) . ext . richard and erica 's backyard -- fall day Richard be push Kelly on the swing set as erica walk up . erica I call you office yesterday around three forty - five and nobody know where to find you . I call you cell , no answer . I page you , you do not page I back . richard I be probably get something to eat at the deli . erica well , I call you a - few time . you should let people know where you be at and keep you phone on . what if something be wrong with Kelly ? what if I get hit by a car ? richard I be tell you , I go to get something to eat at the deli . erica I do not say that you do not go to the deli . what 's wrong with you ? richard nothing . so what do you want to do tomorrow ? a movie ? we could have brunch with Allen and Jennifer . erica we always do that . why do not we do something different ? CUT to : 02.15.06 ~- itilmw 58 . int . car show - the next day Richard and erica be walk among the family car . Richard be a little uncomfortable . while they be walk they pass the model nikki speak to the day before . she nod at Richard when erica 's not look . erica be you okay ? richard huh ? yeah . I be great . security guard ( to Richard ) can not get enough , huh ? erica who be that ? richard I do not know . erica hey , there go the new mini-van . let 's check they out . SMALL mini - van montage : just like the '' cool '' car montage but in this one Richard be not excited . he 's bored out of he mind . no pretty girl here . just full -figure women . erica be really into the mini-van . Richard open a mini-van and the alarm go off . CUT to : ext . office build - day CUT to : int . conference room — day Richard be in a meeting with George and some client . George be go over some chart . Richard 's cell - phone ring . everybody in the room look around like '' whose phone be ringing . '' richard ( uncomfortable ) sorry . that 's mine . 02.15.06 - itilmw 59 . he answer it . richard hello ?... the music blast from he cell phone and we hear ... nikki ( v.0 . ) hey , it 's nikki . richard ( to the room ) hey , excuse I for a sec . he move to the corner of the office , talk quietly into the. phone . . George and Mr. landis look at Richard like he 's crazy . richard what 's up ? I can not really talk I be in a meeting ... int . bar / int . conference room - same intercut nikki and richard nikki be on the phone at the bar where she work . it 's empty and they be set up stool for the night , but the music be loud . : nikki okay , I just have to ask you something but I be afraid you will get mad at I . richard nikki , I can not do this . I ’mina meeting . nikki just promise I you will not get mad . richard Fine . I promise . nikki okay , I need a little favor . can you help I get my thing out of teddy 's apartment ? richard now ? I tell you I be in a meeting . ae o ce 02.15.06 nikki no , tomorrow . richard okay , I will see you tomorrow . angle on : George , eyeing Richard as he talk . int . cab - next day - itilmw 60 . CUT to : Richard and nikki be in a cab on the westside highway . richard alright , so where 's this guy live ? I get thing to do . nikki we should be at the shuttle in about twenty minute . richard shuttle ? what be you talk about ? shuttle where ? nikki d.c . we first apartment be there . I leave a lot of my stuff there . he leave town , so now 's my chance . richard I be not go to another state with you to some guy 's apartment to pick up you shit . that 's crazy ! nikki D.C. 's not another state . it 's a thirty minute flight . it 's quick than go to Brooklyn . you ’1ll be back at you office before lunchtime besides you live in Jersey . that 's another state . richard get the fuck out of here . I be not ... CUT to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 61 . ext . aerial footage of WASHINGTON D.C. — later taken from a landing plane . int . airplane —- same day nikki and Richard sit on the flight as it taxi to the gate . flight attendant lady and gentleman , welcome to Ronald Reagan International Airport . it be now safe to use electronic device . Richard get on he cell - phone . richard ( into cell - phone ) okay , I will be back by three . I have some errand to run . you know what ? if nikki call , tell she I all call she back to she tomorrow . he hang up . nikki smile . .- nikki ooh . you be a good liar . richard shut up . we be catch the two o’‘ clock shuttle back . no later . you better not have too much stuff to carry on , ' cause we be not check shit . I have a meeting at four . CUT to : int . cab - later they approach a building . we see a couple of police car on the block . nikki ( to the driver ) it 's right here on you leave . you can stop at the green car . 02.15.06 - itilmw 62 . richard I wonder what all this cop be do here . nikki this neighborhood be crazy . there 's always cop around here . int . apartment build hallway - same day nikki and Richard reach a door inside the apartment complex . she be look for she key . richard so how many city do you live in with this teddy guy ? nikki here and New York . in Miami I live with he brother , that 's how I meet he . ( still look in she purse ) where the hell be my key ? richard you live with a guy , then leave he and move in with he brother ? how the fuck do you pull that off ? I have a hard time tell my wife I want pancake . nikki hey , I be not say it be easy . I really do not want to hurt he , but I have to follow my heart . Richard think about it . then ... richard that 's what I like about you . you do not care what anybody say . you do whatever you want . nikki you nre wrong . I do not do whatever I want . I try to do whatever I want . Big difference . ( beat ) damn , he change the lock . 02.15.06 - itilmw 63 . richard okay , let 's get dutta here . nikki no , wait a minute . let I try one more thing . nikki walk down the hall and knock on a door . cur to : int . hallway - later chuck , the muscular superintendant of the building , take out some key and easily open the door , let they in . chuck no problem . in you go . nikki kiss he on the cheek and he leave . chuck call I , baby . I still do not forget . . of nikki neither do I . Richard follow nikki into the apartment . int . apartment - continuous nikki and Richard walk in . nikki start go . through stuff while Richard look around . the large window look out onto the pouring rain . he find a photo album on a table and look through it . we see old picture of nikki . nikki at the prom , as a cheerleader , etc . richard it 's really come down . ( dawn on he ) we gotta get a flight . what time be it ? he look at he watch . nikki be oblivious go through she thing . nikki just one second . here , can you carry this ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 64. she hand Richard a bunch of dvd 's and a man 's shirt . she pull off she shirt , down to she bra , and start pull on a different one that she find . richard South Park ? I do not know you like South Park . nikki I love it . that 's my favorite movie . they both start sing . nikki / richard '' shut you fuck face , uncle fucker / you be a motherfuckin’ bitch , uncle fucker / you be a uncle fucker / yes , it 's true / nobody fuck uncle quite like you . " a voice be heard off screen . teddy ( 0.c. ) can I help you ? they both turn , startle , to find teddy , a fat guy with dread lock , dress in a football jersey . he stand at the open door . nikki teddy . I be just - teddy who the fuck be this ? you bring you man to my crib ? so this be the nigga . teddy walk up to Richard and Richard stick out he hand to shake . richard no , no , I be not the nigga . I assure you , I be not the nigga . teddy cut he off with a slap to the face . he drop the shirt on the floor . teddy do not drop my shirt on the floor , bitch ! 02.15.06 - itilmw 65 . richard oh shit , look , I be sorry I do not know . . teddy swing at Richard . Richard cover up . the blow hit he on the arm and head and he fall , knock down a lamp that fall and break . teddy hey , nigger , that shit 's chinese . you.owe I four grand . teddy start punch and kick at Richard who be curl in a ball . nikki teddy , calm down . teddy no , you calm down . I can not believe you bring this nigger in my house . nikki stop it , teddy ! stop ! teddy stop what , bitch ?! you want some of this ? he run over and grab she hair . she scream . a voice be heard off screen . Richard jump on teddy 's back . voice ( 0.8 . ) hey ! watch you mouth . they all turn around to see two cop stand at the open door . . teddy what the fuck do y’all want ? cop # 1 / we be respond to a burglary upstairs . be everything okay ? teddy this mother - fucker break into my apartment , and this bitch - he pull she by the hair . she scream . 02.15.06 - itilmw 66 . cop # 2 hey ! the two cop run over and separate they . they be now restrain a furious teddy . teddy get off I , you fuck cop punk bitch ! cop # 2 just settle down , pal . teddy fuck you ! you settle down . cop # 2 okay ! be this what you want ? they start beat he up , rodney King style . teddy aaah ! bitch ass cop ! fuck the police ! fuck the police ! fuck the police ! thug life ! thug life ! nikki run over to Richard and help he up . the cop be still beat teddy . nikki Richard , be you alright ? richard yeah . let 's get out of here before they start whooping we ass . int . hallway - continuous they sneak out as the cop beat the hell out of teddy . nikki we can not just leave he like that . they might kill he . richard what be we gonna do ? call a cop ? just then we hear gun shot . richard oh shit ! let 's go . 02.15.06 - itilmw 67 . int . taxi cab —- moment later the rain be pour down really hard . on they cab , which be stick in traffic not move . nikki I be so sorry . I be so sorry ! I think he be out of town . just then nikki lean over and kiss Richard and for a couple of second they be make out in the cab until Richard push she away . richard get off of I ! what the fuck be wrong with ... I gotta get back to work . nikki do not worry , you will make it . int . conference room - same Mr. landis , George and some client be wait . Mr. landis look at he watch . it read 4:05 pm . mr . landis do he say anything ' to you , | where the hell be he ? GEORGE you know , I be sure he have a good explanation . you know he wife 's pregnant . cur to : int . airport - same Richard and nikki be try to get through airport security . Richard keep beep , remove he key , belt -- all ina tense hurry , then beep again . he have to be screen by a security guy with a wand . curt to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 68. int . conference room - same Mr. landis , George and the client be still wait . mr . landis okay , I think we should start . they all start open they folder to begin . CUT to : int . office - that night George and Mary be put on they coat and turn the light out in the office . cuT to : int . airport gate - that night Richard and nikki sit in a very crowded gate area . airline person p.a. ( v.0 . ) lady and gentleman . we flight be go to be further delay . we do not have clearance to leave the gate yet but as soon as we do we will let you board . in the meantime ... Richard have he head in he hand . nikki sit quietly beside he . int . office - that night we see the clean lady from earlier mop the floor . everybody 's go . int . richard and erica 's kitchen - later that night erica sit at the kitchen table , look down at she dinner . Richard 's dinner sit across from she . she look solemn , a bit sad . she be wait for a while then the door open and Richard be there , look haggard . erica what happen to you ? why be you late ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 69 . richard I have a shit day , honey . just ... a nightmare . first the train then the traffic then the rain . erica you want to talk about it ? he kiss she . richard no . just let I clean up . I x11 be right back .- go ahead and eat . he leave the room , take off he coat . int . richard and . erica's kitchen - 15 minute later Richard and erica sit down and eat and not say anything to each other . first , we have the camera close - up on erica just eat . then we have the camera close - up on Richard eat and think . then we see Richard look at the t.v. where we see the news -- ee newscaster ( v.o. ) today in Washington , D.C. , a man name teddy Smith shot and wounded two police officer . he be later apprehend after a violent stand - off . Richard stop eat . erica ( off he reaction ) be you sure you be okay ? richard yeah . I be fine . I be great . just tired . can I get some more rice ? int . train - next day Richard on he way to work . he 's listen to he ipod . he look tired and slightly dishevel . int . richard 's office - the next day 02.15.06 - itilmw 70 . Richard walk into he office , take off he coat . he reach in the pocket and be startle to find the board pass from the night before . he hold it in he hand , consider what if it have be find . he sit at he desk , rip it to piece and let out a breath of relief . just then Mr. landis walk in . mr . landis okay , Cooper , what happen to you yesterday ? you look like shit . richard I can explain . I be ... mr. landis do you mother die ? richard no. mr. landis do you father die ? richard ah , no . mr. landis do you wife or child pass away ? richard no , sir . mr. landis and I can see that you be breathe which mean you have no fuck excuse , Cooper ! you be on probation . if you mess up one more time you be fire . you fuck up my money , I will fuck up yours . amti understand ?! richard yes , sir . ext . office build - wednesday night Richard and George walk out together . GEORGE need a ride ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 71 . richard yeah , could you just drop I off at the train station ? GEORGE come on , I will drop you . int . BMW - later George be drive Richard in he nice car . they pull up to Grand Central Station . richard look , George , I be sorry about the other day . I have a family emergency . GEORGE hey , you do not have to explain shit to I . I say my piece just do not let it fuck with you work again . you know , when you mess up like that the whole office start look at I like , '' where 's you friend ? '' you would not believe some of the racist shit they say when you be not around . richard like what ? GEORGE you do not want to know . I just hope she 's worth it . richard what be you talk about ? GEORGE you know what I be talk about . hey , I get something for you . George reach into the glove compartment and hand Richard a blue pill . GEORGE here . richard what 's this ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 72. GEORGE what do you think it be ? it 's viagra . richard you just keep viagra in the glove compartment ? GEORGE right next to the altoid . richard I do not need it . GEORGE Rich , you have be marry seven year . this girl have change since you be single . they be work out , they be watch porn , they be do yoga . it 's like they get '' rodeo pussy '' and if you do not have enough dick you be gonna get toss off . richard for the last time , I be not fuck she . GEORGE well , if you do not fuck she you nre gonna fuck somebody . I can see it in you eye . you be go , man ... okay , what 's go on with you and you wife ? richard nothing we be fine . alright ! we be do just fine . GEORGE you be not fine . if you be do just fine you would not be fuck it up . listen , I know I give you that pill for nikki , but if you really want to be happy use it on erica . George laugh at Richard who do not want to hear it . Richard leave the car and George pull away . CUT to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 73. int . car - day Richard and erica be drive home from the supermarket with Kelly . music : '' chop suey ! '' by system of a down play in the background . erica honey , what 's wrong ? richard nothing . I be fine . what be you talk . about ? erica you seem preoccupy lately . it 's like you be a zombie . what the hell be wrong ? richard hey , do you read the papers ? do you see what 's happen in the market ? thing be fuck up right now . I get a lot on my mind . I gotta take care of this family . erica no , I do not see what 's happen because you do not tell I . anything . you keep it all inside and when I ask you a simple question you yell like I do something wrong to you . do I do something wrong ? richard no , I be sorry . erica stop be sorry ... just talk to I . damn ! and what the hell be this music you be listen to ? richard what ? you do not like it ? erica no , I do not . I get in the car the other day and all my CD be go . what happen to my usher ? my beyonce ? ee ee hk 02.15.06 - itilmw 74 . richard you know what , you have get nigger ear . erica nigger what ?! do not fuck talk to I like that ? nigger ear ?! what be that ? what be you talk about ? int . train - morning Richard be on the train listen to he ipod . richard ( v.0 . ) Boy , do I fuck up . my job have I on probation . my wife be become suspicious . and on top of that , be one of the only black people in the office be start to get to I . CUT to : quick cut of white people in the office speak very nicely . a woman behind she desk . nice woman good morning , nigger . a man in a elevator . nice man Nice suit , nigger . Mr. landis pass by . mr . landis how you do , Richard ? how be the wife and the nigglet ? richard ( v.o. ) I be lose my mind . nikki try to call I , but I do not want to hear it . CUT to : ee ee ek * 02.15.06 - itilmw 75 . int . office Richard at he desk go over some paperwork . Tracy stick she head in . tracy nikki 's on line one . richard tell she I be not here . tracy yes. ( then , into phone ) he 's not in . int . office - another day Richard walk into the office . as he pass Tracy 's desk -- tracy nikki call twice . what do you want I to say if she call again ? richard just tell she I be not here . tracy yes. int . train - another day Richard be on the train just read the paper . CUT to : int . office - day Richard walk past Tracy 's desk on he way out with a client . the phone ring and before Tracy can pick it up -- richard I '' not here . CUT to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 76 . ext . STREET nikki 's on she cell - phone . nikki could you just tell he I get a new job and to give I a call ? int . richard and erica ‘s house - night Kelly be in bed as Richard read she a story . erica pop she * head in the room and look on approvingly . int . department store - afternoon card read : two month later . * we see Christmas decoration all over the place . Richard be look at shirt and a salesman come up to he . salesman can I help you find something ? richard no , I be just look . he keep look . a average looking saleswoman approach he . saleswoman have you see we suit ? richard no , that 's okay . CUT to : int . department store - jewelry department - same Richard be in the jewelry department look at watch when he hear -- nikki I think the pink rolex be really cute . richard hey , what be you do here ? 02.15.06 - itilmw nikki just spend money I do not have . when I see you I start to not even come over here ... but then I though you look over here and I do not want you to think I be ducking you ... ( beat ) 's so be you still mad at I ? you will not take my call . be we okay ? int . department store - women 's department - same Richard and nikki . be now walk around the woman 's department . richard so , my boss be mad at I . my wife be mad at I . but it 's okay , I x11 live . nikki you know , if I think you be happy I would not even bring this up , but why be you still with you wife ? every time you talk about she you seem depressed . - richard I do not know ... I be with she ' cause she be with I when I have no money . because she 's a good mother to Kelly . I guess I be with she because I love she . nikki you do not say it right . richard do not start that shit again . how the hell be I suppose to say it ? nikki you be suppose to say you be with she because you love she and you can not live without she , but you can not . you be with she because you feel indebted . you be not in love , you be in loyal . that 's sad . oe HH HH 02.15.06 - itilmw 78 . richard what 's so sad about that ? at least I be in something . I get a family . you nre the sad one . who do you have ? nikki do not throw the family shit at I . you and you wife do not talk , you do not fuck . you have get nothing but you kid . richard * you do not know anything about kid . * you do not know anything about * marriage . * nikki * well , I know if you be really * into you wife you would not want to hang with I so much . if that 's what family be then I 'il wait . richard wait for what ? nikki for the real thing . for real love . * or a good sponsor . but I be not settling for anything in between . richard you ever think of get a skill ? nikki oh , I get skill . ext . office build - later nikki be drop Richard off at he office . they stop to say goodbye . nikki * what be you do tonight ? you * want to go to a club ? * richard tonight ? I can not do that . what would I tell my wife ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 79 . nikki you do not tell she about the daytime why should the nighttime be any different ? richard what 's so big about tonight ? nikki a guy I meet at the restaurant be go to introduce I to one of the owner of tavern on the Green who might be able to give I a hostess job . richard what do you need I for ? nikki okay , I know this guy be after I . damn , he come to the restaurant every night . anyway I want you to come with I so he 'il think I be see somebody . plus , I just want you to tell I what you think about he . richard do you like he ? nikki why ? you jealous ? richard no , I be not but you want my opinion of the guy , you must like hima little bit . nikki please . he drive a bentley and wear . a big watch with diamond . I do not go for that stuff . he produce record . his name be delite . it 's so pathetic , like he mama name he delite . what kind of grow ass man be name delite ? richard tonight ? I do not know how I be gonna get out the house . * 02.15.06 - itilmw 80. nikki why do not you just start a fight ? CUT to : int . kitchen - evening erica be at the oven get dinner ready . richard honey , I be home . erica hey , dinner 's almost ready . why do not you go and wash you hand while I set the table ? richard okay , so what 's for dinner ? erica I make some chicken and -- richard Chicken ? erica yes , what 's wrong ? richard Chicken , again ? why do we have chicken every day ? I be tired of chicken . erica I think you like chicken . richard I do not like it every day . I feel like I have get feather come out my ass . erica this be not about chicken . what 's wrong ? richard what 's wrong be there be other animal run around . have you hear of lamb chop , pork chop ? just ask , just ask . ( more ) 02.15.06 - itilmw 81 . richard ( cont would ) if I do not say anything you would give I chicken until I die . erica be you crazy ?! richard I will be if I eat another piece of chicken . Richard start to exit . erica where be you go ? richard to get some rib . he slam the door . CUT to : int . train —- moment later Richard still sit alone . he glance over and see a old married couple . richard ( v.0 . ) what the hell be wrong with I ?! how could I yell at erica like that ? I be lose my mind . I gotta go home . next stop I be gonna get off this train and go home to my wife . that 's what I be gonna do . I be go home . cur to : int . nightclub - later Music be play . Richard make he way through the crowd . the place look like a lenny kravitz video . he look out of place in he suit and be be lead through the club by a beautiful friend of nikki 's name , hope . it 's a club so everybody be yelling . hope hi. I be hope . I just get off the phone with nikki . she tell I to take good care of you . she 's run a little late . 02.15.06 - itilmw 82 . richard late ! how late ? where be she and where be we go ? hope I do not know where she 's at . she do not say . I be take you to the VIP section . do not worry she will be here . CuT to : int . richard and erica's kitchen - same erica be stunne by what just happen with Richard . we see she take a moment and shake she head in disbelief . then we watch she stand up and start to walk . the camera follow she to the bedroom . she go to a clothes hamper , pull out a pair of Richard 's pants and start to go through the pocket . from there we do various quick cut of erica 's hand go through Richard 's pocket . time passing montage : int . nightclub - same time Richard be just wait . CUT to Richard have a drink , look at he watch . CUT to Richard tapping hope on the shoulder . int . richard and erica 's bedroom - same time erica be go through the pocket of a jacket . she look determine . int . nightclub - same time Richard be still wait at the club . he tap hope 's shoulder again . richard do you hear anything from nikki ? hope no , not yet . I x11 let you know . 02.15.06 - itilmw 83. int . richard and erica 's bedroom — same time erica be take a whole dresser drawer and dump it on the floor . CUT back to : int . VIP section - moment later Richard be sit in a booth look at he watch . just then from off camera we hear -- girl ( 0.8 . ) do you wear it yet ? richard Excuse I ? reveal it 's the asian salesgirl and the black salesgirl from the department store earlier in the movie . asian salesgirl do you wear the sweater ? I sell * you a sweater a few month ago . I . * work at barney 's in the man 's section . richard yes , yes ... I remember you , too . * + the green sweater . what be you do here ? black salesgirl we be just hang out . we be here * every week . Wednesday 's the best * night . we be go to the bathroom * and do some ecstasy . you wanna * come ? Richard look shocked . richard ah , you know I better not , I be wait for somebody . maybe next * time . asian salesgirl come on , it 's totally natural . I get it from a doctor I know . 02.15.06 - itilmw 84 . richard okay , just a little bit . * int . richard and erica's bedroom we CUT to erica in bed watch David letterman 's open monologue . she 's on the phone . --split screen -— int . suburban live room - same time Allen be on the other end . allen be you sure nothing 's go on ? * erica I do not think so . I have be through he stuff . Richard 's be really stress out lately . he 's under a lot of pressure at work and we have a new baby come . I be sure he 's somewhere just get he head together . CUT to : int . back of nightclub - later Richard be back in the booth . his jacket be off and he 's down to he t-shirt . he 's very high . he 's hold a bottle of champagne . the Black salesgirl be in she bra . the asian * salesgirl be rub against Richard . it 's crazy . Richard be sing along to a ying - Yang twin song . * richard / salesgirls * ( sing ) * '' wait till 's you see my dick '' '' wait till 's you see my dick " '' wait till 's you see my dick " '' wait till 's you see my dick '' '' you will never get enough '' * CUT back to : int . richard and erica 's bedroom / int . allen 's house - same * time 02.15.06 - itilmw 85 . split screen erica.and Allen on the phone . allen you be probably right . have kid be scary . there 's something about fatherhood that make you feel like you have to be a responsible adult . CUT back to : int . nightclub —- later Richard now have two champagne bottle and be sing even louder with he shirt unbuttone . he 's dance with the gay salesman from earlier in the movie . Dancing to a fat joe song . richard and gay salesman ( sing ) se '' my niggers don't dance / we just " pull up our pant , and do the rock - away , lean back , lean back , lean back , lean back " ' cuT to : int . nightclub - even later the girl and the gay salesman be now dance without Richard . pan from the girl to Richard , who be now sit down , .realize how fuck up he be . he 's burnt out . he mop at he forehead with a napkin , try to focus , and look at he watch . he realize it 's very late . Richard climb out of the booth , past they , search through the crowd and find hope . richard where the hell 's nikki ? hope I just get off the phone with she . ft she tell I to tell you she 's sorry she 's not go to make it . she say she 's . go to Miami with some guy name delite . something about puffy have a party . 02.15.06 - itilmw 86 . at that moment Richard start to sober up while everybody around he be have the time of they life . he can not believe what he just hear . he 's crush . suddenly he phone be ringing . he check the caller i.d. screen . angle on richard 's phone : it read '' Home '' . Richard , realize he can not answer the phone in the club , run fast for a back door . int . richard and erica 's house - later * erica * where have you be ? be you gonna * tell I why you be act so crazy ? scream about chicken ... * be you fuck some bitch ?! be * you fuck somebody ? I swear if I * find out you ... richard no , no ! I be not fuck around . I swear to God . I be sorry . I be wrong to scream at you like that . * I have just be really stress out about work and the baby , and I just need some air . erica you still have not tell I where you have be . richard I just go to a sport bar and watch the game . that 's all . erica * okay , well next time just tell I that 's what you wanna do . richard I ‘'1l let you know next time . int . train - the next morning * Richard pull out he cell phone and dial . nikki ( v.o. ) hello , this be nikki . I be not here to take you call . remember love be God and God be love . ( beep ) 02.15.06 - itilmw 87 . richard ( into phone ) nikki , it 's Richard . I do not know * what happen to you last night and * I really do not car . I be marry , * you be single . do not call I , do not come by the office . do not e- mail I , do not fax I . int . office - day * Richard be in the office . richard ( v.0 . ) now that nikki be go I be finally able to focus on work and my family . cur to : int . music classroom — day Richard , erica and Kelly in a Music together class . everyone be sing the isty - bitsy spider song . CLASS ( all sing ) '' the itsy -bitsy spider come out the water spout . down come the rain and wash the spider out . '' family montage : as we hear they continue to sing we -- cut to : int . supermarket * Richard and erica be push Kelly through the produce * section . CUT to : 02.15.06 - itilmw 88. ext . live room Richard , erica and Kelly be sit under the Christmas tree unwrap gift . CUT to : int . classroom Richard and erica in a lamaze class . end family montage CUT back to : int . music classroom everyone be still sing . CLASS '' and the itsy -bitsy spider come out the spout again . '' cur to : int . richard's office Richard and George be in the office talk to a client . Richard look at he Black Berry , then run out of the office . CUT to : ext . STREET - moment later the street be packed with people . traffic 's at a stand - still . there 's not a cab to be find . Richard be run down the street like a bat out of hell . int . hospital ~ day a very sweaty Richard get off a elevator and run to a desk . there be two young black nurse there . richard Excuse I , be this the maternity ward ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 89 . nurse # 1 yes , it be . richard I be look for erica Cooper . nurse # 2 ( look he up and down ) oh , be you the baby 's daddy ? richard no , I be she husband . int . hospital room — continuous erica , hold the new baby , hear Richard . he come burst in the door . erica Richard , it 's a boy ! he run up and hug and kiss she . he take the boy , hold he up and kiss he . they be all very happy . '' CUT to : ext . richard and erica 's house there 's a paper stork on the front door that say , '' it 's a Boy ! '' cur to : int . bedroom — day Richard and erica be play with the baby boy . richard ( v.0 . ) after all the relative leave I take a week off to help . out and it be finally time to get a nanny . erica want to do the hire but I take care of it myself . I want to make sure that the nanny be not the slight bit cute . the last thing I want be two woman in the house who I could not fuck . a very old , gray -haired nanny come in carry the new baby . 02.15.06 - itilmw 90 . ext . STREET Richard be walk to work , look stoically straight ahead . as he walk we see beautiful women pass he by . richard ( v.0o . ) now I go to work and I look straight ahead . I be not fascinate by every woman I see . as a matter of fact they annoyed I . a beautiful black woman walk by put on lipstick . richard ( v.0 . ) what 's wrong with she ? she should do that shit at home . a beautiful red head walk by on a cell - phone . richard ( v.0 . ) who the hell be she talk to ? I wish she would shut -up . we see a naked woman in heel wear glass and hold a briefcase . Richard walk by she without even take a look . richard ( v.o. ) I tell you , I be not bullshit . int . richard's office —- one month later Richard be at he desk work with Tracy help he over he shoulder . richard okay , we be gonna start with this three account , and then work we way to the newest one . you better order in , there 's lot to do . we hear a knock on the door . richard come in . nikki enter . nikki miss I ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 91 . richard / tracy shit . CUT to : freeze frame : richard 's face . richard ( v.o. ) right then I know I should have kick - she out or call security or just tell she I be busy . but , I could not . int . restaurant - later Richard and nikki be sit in a booth . nikki so ... what 's new ? do erica have the baby ? richard yeah , we have a baby boy . he 's two month old . his name be Brian . what 's new with you ? nikki well , I just get back from St. bart with Sean . a boy ? good for you . richard and Sean be ... what ? the guy who busy you toothpaste ? what happen to delite ? nikki I think he 's gay . he like a finger in he ass a little too much , for I . poor delite . now I have a fiance , Sean . I can not wait for you to meet he . eh richard get outta here . you be get * marry ? nikki yup , I do it . I be close the * deal . Sean 's a banker . he 's get a real job like you . - * ( we never see Sean . 02.15.06 - itilmw 92. richard so what be it ? Real love or a sponsor ? nikki you know , I be at a party a couple of month ago and I be talk to this guy , he must have be about forty and something feel weird . we be not talk about anything out of the ordinary just book and while we be talk this little twenty - two year old girl walk by and he just say , '' excuse I '' and run over and try to talk to she . I be a little embarrassed and then I realize what be wrong . for the first time in my adult life I be have a conversation with a straight man who be not think about fuck I . it never even cross he mind . so when I meet Sean I say to myself '' I gotta make this work . '' we be get marry in June . we hear he voice , we see he shake hand with Richard , but we never see he face . ) int . baby 's room - evening erica sit by the crib hold Kelly . the other baby . erica Richard be look at look , Kelly , look at the baby . you see , that 's you brother . that 's you brother , Brian . say Brian . Brian . kelly Brian ... richard that 's my girl . Kelly , '' E '' equal what ? kelly mc square . richard that 's my love . * * 02.15.06 - itilmw 93. Richard be down to he turtleneck . he pull he turtleneck over he face and play peek -a-boo . richard hey , Brian , Brian . what 's up , boy ? turtleman 's gonna getcha . look out for the turtleman . erica and Kelly laugh . erica so how be work ? anything happen ? richard no , nothing happen . just work . erica ( laugh ) Allen tell I the funniest thing today ... Richard give she a look . CUT to : ext . women 's clothing store - midtown - day nikki greet Richard at the door . they kiss on the cheek . richard so this be where you shop this day ? nikki well , Sean own the building and the one next door . so I be over here a lot . richard it 's nice . nikki look over Richard 's shoulder . nikki here come Sean now . Richard turn . ( we do not see Sean , we just see he arm extend . ) nikki Richard , this be Sean . 02.15.06 - itilmw 94 . they shake hand . sean ( 0.s. ) please to meet you . ( to nikki ) I gotta get back . do not forget you nre meeting I at nobu at nine . do not be late . Richard , if you be ever in malibu look we up . bring you wife . we will all go to dinner . richard that sound good . Richard watch Sean kiss nikki and leave . richard malibu ? that 's great . malibu ? I be never in California . I guess I be go to need a new lunch date . ( beat ) so this be ... what you want ? you and Sean ... you be happy ... you love he ? nikki do I love he ? not right now . but ten year from now , who know ? I be go to be just like you -- nice house , nice husband , easy dull life . but I can tell you that I x11 never love he the way I love you . richard come on , do not go there . you and I ... we just get bad timing . nikki I know . but do not you think we would make each other happy ? richard everybody say you be suppose to be happy . that 's bullshit ! if everybody be happy everybody would not be happy . everybody can not be happy . nikki I be not talk about everybody , I be talk about we . you and I , happy together . 02.15.06 - itilmw 95 . richard my life be not about what I want . nikki I hear ice crack . they both look at each other for a beat . nikki Sean be leave for L.A. tomorrow . why do not you come by my place so we can say goodbye ? a short. beat . richard okay , I 'il see you about two o'clock ? int . bedroom - night Richard make a move on erica . erica ~ what be you do , honey ? just go to sleep . int . train - the next . day Richard be on the train listen to he ipod . ext . midtown - day CUT to : Richard walk through the crowd to work . he look at he watch . it 's nine am . int . richard 's office - later CUT to : Richard be have a meeting with a couple of client . Richard look at he watch , it read 12:30 pm . 02.15.06 - itilmw 96. int . conference room - later Richard sit in a crowded room with he other colleague as a businessman make a proposal . Richard glance up at the clock it read 1:05 pm . int . richard 's office - later Richard on the phone . he look at he watch , it read 1:15 pm . int . reception area - later Tracy and Mary be type away . Richard leave he office and speak to Mary . richard hey , I be go to get some lunch . if anybody call tell they to call back in about a hour . he leave . cur to : ext . CITY - later Richard walk down a crowded street . we see he think as we hear a voice-over . nikki ( v.o. ) why do not you come by my place tomorrow so I can give you a real goodbye ?... we see Richard walk into a cvs convenience store . int . convenience store - later Richard come in and get a bottled water and we watch as he walk up and down the aisle look for something . we do not see what he 's look for . a store clerk approach he . store clerk can I help you find something ? richard no , I be okay . 02.15.06 - itilmw 97 . we see Richard still look down a couple of aisle . finally he go to the crowded counter and ask the cashier - — richard ( almost whisper ) Excuse I , do you have any condom ? cashier sorry , I do not hear you . richard ( a little louder ) do you have any condom ? cashier oh , condom . sure , right here . she point behind she and we see what look like a hundred different type of condom . cashier ( cont ’d ) what kind do you want ? close up : Richard 's eye look at the condom , then away . richard I all take the blue box . cashier Three pack or twelve pack ? close up : cashier as. eye . she look down at Richard 's hand . close up : Richard 's hand , he wedding ring . he quickly cover it with he other hand . angle on : richard , he be now sweaty . richard uh , three pack . cashier twelve pack be cheaper . we be now cutting very fast from Richard , the cashier , the condom , the magazine , another sexy woman in line behind Richard . his breathe quicken . richard look , just . please give I a small box of fuck condom . the cashier put they on the counter . 02.15.06 - itilmw 98 . int . stairwell - later we see Richard walk up the stair to nikki 's apartment with he briefcase . he stop . put he briefcase down . pull out he wallet , open a compartment and pull out a viagra pill . he look at it then swallow it . then he take off he wedding ring . ext . nikki be apartment - moment later Richard walk to she door carry he briefcase and knock . richard nikki ? he turn the doorknob . nikki ( 0.s. ) it 's open . come in . Richard go into the apartment , walk through it to the bathroom . he open the door . it 's fill with steam . as the steam escape through the open door , he see nikki in panty , bra and a pair of black Jimmy choo shoe . she 's rub lotion on herself . she walk over to the shower and cut it off . then she hand Richard the lotion she 's hold and say -- nikki you make it . I be think you might not come . I think you would get scared and not show up . richard scare of what ? nikki I do not know . just scared . could you rub some of this on my back ? he put down he briefcase take the lotion and start to rub it on she back . he 's a little nervous . he rub a little in then stop . richard I think I get it . she put she arm around he and give hima lite kiss . nikki thank you . 02.15.06 - itilmw 99 . she walk away from he to the other side of the room . we see Richard in the foreground . as she walk away we hear she say -- nikki ( cont 'd ) do you mind if I keep this shoe on ? richard it 's okay . I do not mind . music start : '' darling nikki '' by prince . prince I know a girl name nikki / I guess you could say she be a sex fiend ... Richard start to take off he jacket . nikki walk to the bed and lay down flat on she back . her head be on a pillow . the song keep play . nikki stare at Richard as if to say , '' what 's up ? '' prince I met her in a HOTEL lobby masturbating with a magazine ... Richard stare back at nikki . then with he back to she he pat he crotch . he can not believe how hard he be . this viagra shit work . nikki be on the bed laid out . she 's look hard at Richard . all we see of she be she head and she breast as she say - — - nikki what be you do all the way over there ? I think you be not scared . richard I be not scared . I be just look at you . nikki well.come over here , I will not bite . Richard slowly walk across the room and stand at the foot of the bed . nikki ( cont 'd ) I be really go to miss you . richard I be go to miss you , too . 02.15.06 - itilmw 100 . just then nikki put both she ankle on Richard 's shoulder . we can see that she still have she shoe on . the camera go from she face to Richard 's face . we never see she crotch . then she say -- nikki so what be you wait for ? at that moment , we see Richard reach down and take off she panty . remember we never see she crotch . the reason we know that Richard take off she panty be because we see they come past she leave shoe . Richard start to pounce on she and nikki say -- nikki wait . take off you sweater . Richard begin to take off the turtleneck until only he face show . at that moment , he turn to see himself in the mirror next to nikki on the bed and freeze . he look horrify by what he see because what he see be the turtleman . the character he act out with he son and daughter . we flash back to see Richard in the earlier scene play turtleman with he kid . the music drop out suddenly . there be no SOUND . no music , no ambient SOUND . total silence . the silence be break as he take a deep breath and look in the mirror . he pull the shirt back on , gather up he thing and leave the apartment as fast as he can . the music start back up where we hear Prince scream '' nikki , nikki ! '' the music keep play . nikki what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? where be you go ?! CUT to : ext . - nikki be apartment build - moment later we see Richard run down nikki 's staircase . cur to : ext . CITY STREET - moment later we see Richard walk fast down a city street look a little shake . Prince be still play . 02.15.06 - itilmw 101 . int . richard's office / reception area - later music stop . Tracy be on the phone . tracy listen , I will be there at four . wait for I . Richard enter and walk straight to he office without a hello . he look upset and sweaty from run . tracy I be glad you be back . you have a few call to return . int . richard 's office - same he shut the door , pace around nervously . he then go to the phone and after a deep breath , dial . we hear a phone message with erica 's voice . erica ( v.0 . ) hello . you have reach the home of erica and Richard . nobody 's here to take you call so leave you name and you number , and we will get back to you . Richard hang up . then he leave the office walk by Tracy and Mary . int . reception area - moment later mary when will you be back ? Richard leave without a sound . CUT to : int . nikki 's apartment - later nikki still naked be smoking a cigarette and talk on the phone . 02.15.06 - itilmw 102. nikki ( into phone ) yes , just sit here do nothing ... yeah , I ’1ll bring it ... okay , honey . I x11 see you tomorrow ... Love you , too . she hang up the phone and look real sad . a tear roll down she cheek . ext . richard and erica 's house - later Richard walk in the front door . CUT to : ext . richard's live room - same Richard walk in like a mad-man and start look frantically for erica . richard erica ... erica ... Richard run upstairs , open he bedroom door and find he wife , erica , have sex with they friend , Allen -- from behind . erica fuck I . fuck I . richard nooo ... back to : int . richard 's live room - reality erica be at the desk grade papers . Richard walk in again like a mad-man . erica you scared I . what be you do home so early ? everything alright ? richard we be be the kid ? 02.15.06 - itilmw 103 . erica I just drop they off at my mother 's house . richard everything 's fine . I be just miss you and think I have come home early . erica be you sure that 's it ? for once could you be honest and tell I what 's really wrong with you ? music start Richard and erica start to talk / sing at each other , but not '' sing sing '' more of a talk - sing like the beginning of a Barry White or Rick James and teena Marie record . romantic music play throughout the end of this scene . richard you know , baby , i.just wanna tell you how sorry I be for be so cold . it 's not that I do not like be marry . it 's just that sometimes it feel like the wall be close in on I . erica I understand , baby . but it 's not just you . I gotta admit that I have be distant too . I have not always be nice . as a matter of fact , sometimes I be as cold as ice . richard so cold . so cold . you have be very cold , baby . erica but one thing I have to ask you , baby ... it 's time I know the score , but the thing I have to ask you be how come you do not make love to I anymore ? richard '' it 's be a long time . erica a mighty , mighty long time . 02.15.06 - itilmw 104 . richard baby , I still want you and I have want you for so long . but every time I touch you , you act like i_ do something wrong . erica no , I do not . richard yes , you do . erica no , I do not . richard yes , it 's true ... I do not want to leave . erica neither do i. richard I still want you . erica I be gonna cry . richard where be the kid ? erica I tell you . they be go . richard in that case , we should make love . big ending note in unison : richard and erica all night long . yeah . Big swell in the music and then it stop . richard I love you , baby . erica I love you , too . 02.15.06 - itilmw 105 . at that moment , erica and Richard start kissing passionately and take each other 's clothes off . dissolve to : int . cooper house - later we see Richard come out of the master bedroom just : like in the beginning of the movie . we see he put on he coat and walk over to erica and give she a big kiss goodbye . v.uo. start as Richard leave the house . Al green' , '' let get married '' be play . richard ( v.0 . ) a lot of people have rule about what 's cheating and what 's not . some people say if you be in another country it 's not cheating . some people say if you be in another room it 's not cheating . I use to think I be a good father and a bad husband , but now I that I be older I realize that if you be cheating on you wife , you be cheating on you kid . int . airplane - same time we see nikki sit in first class gaze out the window , with she ipod on . richard ( v.o. ) I be really go to miss nikki and the bad thing be I can not tell anybody about it . I gotta keep this whole thing to myself . cur to : int . train Richard be sit down , put he ipod on and be look out the window as the train move . richard ( v.o. ) any guy I have tell would think I be erazy for not have sex with she . and any woman I tell would think I be a dog for let it get that far . 02.15.06 - itilmw 106 . int . auto show Richard and nikki at the auto show . cur to : int . richard ’'s office nikki walk into Richard 's office . CUT to : int . restaurant Richard and erica sit at one of the same restaurant he be at with nikki . back to : int . train Richard on the train . richard ( v.0 . ) it just be not the right time . you know when all be say and do , I think I love my wife . we see Richard start nodd he head to whatever music be play on he ipod . a beautiful black girl walk by he . Richard take a look and shake he head in disbelief . fade to black : the end