I , tonya written by Steven Rogers base on irony free , wildly contradictory , totally true interview with tonya harding and Jeff gillooly 1 . I , tonya . base on irony free , wildly contradictory , totallyl true interview with tonya harding and jeff gillooly . int . tonya harding 's home - kitchen - day 2 title card : tonya harding . former Olympic figure skater . present day tonya harding , 44 , overweight with the same haircut she have in 1994 , glare warily into the camera . int . nancy 's tanning and hair salon - day 3 title card : Jeff gillooly . tonya harding 's ex-husband . jeff ( gillooly ) stone , middle age , nondescript , glance suspiciously at a boom over he head . jeff that 's very close , by the way ... just say . int . lavona harding home - live room - day 4 title card : lavona harding . tonya harding 's mother . lavona ( harding ) golden , 70' , wear a moult half fur coat and a live bird on she shoulder . she talk to she bird . lavona this be my little man . you my little man ? ( then to camera ) that 's my 6th husband right there . the best of they ! home movie - harding front lawn - day 40 year earlier 5 grainy home movie film . lavona 's husband Al harding play with 3 year old tonya . lavona be disinterested . lavona ( v.o. ) tonya 's my 5th child from husband number 4 . she be always a handful but I love she and I guess we spoiled she . which be a goddamn hat trick when you have not get shit you entire life . still . ( more ) lavona ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I drive she to competition and practice . I sew she all she costume . close on modern day lavona . 6 lavona but to she , she mother 's a monster . int . rawlinson 's house - live room - day 7 title card : Diane rawlinson . tonya harding 's coach diane rawinson , late 60 's , sit in she well appoint live room with a study grace . she have fit in any Ralph lauren ad . diane generally people either love tonya or be not big fan . like people either love America or be not big fan . tonya be totally american . int . television screen - day 8 title card : shawn eckardt . tonya harding 's ex-bodyguard . on a tv screen mark ' evidence 's a late 1990 's interview with shawn eckardt , obese and delusional . not a good combination . shawn ( v.o. ) originally Jeff and tonya want to take out Nancy Kerrigan . take she out . I pop up and say there 's other way to disable people . so . you be welcome . int . martin maddox 's newsroom office - day 9 title card - Martin maddox . hard copy reporter 1989-1998 . martin maddox , oily personify , relish be on camera . martin maddox I be a reporter for hard copy , a crappy show all the ' legitimate 's news outlet look down on - then become . he laugh at he own joke . 10 int . nail salon - day - close on modern day jeff 10 jeff at 27 I be the most hate man in America . maybe the world - with a moustache I still can not apologize enough for . my name be a verb . like , if you bash someone in the kneecap , you ' gillooly 's they ... that be cool though . 11 int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 11 tonya what 's people 's impression of I ? that I be a real person . that I didn 's ever apologize for growin’ up poor or bein 's a red neck which be what I be . in a sport where the friggin’ judge want you to be this old - timey version of what a woman 's suppose to be . um. for bein 's the first U.S. woman to land a triple axel . so fuck ‘em . 12 int . practice ice rink - oregon - day 12 a title card read : Portland oregon. 40 year earlier . tonya , just 3 1 / 2 , in a home make skate outfit and skate , stand on the ice with lavona , who wear sneaker . they watch diane rawinson , pretty , perfect , teach a group of skater . lavona , puffing on a cigarette , size Diane up . lavona Diane ! lavona harding . I speak with you on the phone . diane Mrs. harding - lavona lavona . it 's lavona - diane sorry . there 's no smoking on the ice . lavona oh ... I x11 smoke it quietly then . this here 's my daughter tonya . diane Mrs. harding . I tell you on - lavona I know what you tell I . and it 's lavona . only you never see she skate . diane I do not train beginner . lavona all she do be talk about skate . all day , all night . I can not make she shut up about it . so it 's easier puttin’ she on ice if you know what I mean . we figure with the right training she can make the most of she gift . like Ice capade maybe one day or something . Diane look down at the little girl . diane how old be you , honey ? lavona she 's a soft 4 . diane she 's a very pretty girl but I do not take on student this young . I be sorry . I have a class wait . she skate to the center of the ice as student gather round . tonya watch she go . lavona stare bullet at Diane , then nod purposefully to tonya . lavona go on . skate . 13 14 5 . tonya skate around the perimeter of the rink . never take she eye off Diane , she pick up speed . Diane try to ignore the little girl but there 's something about she . and tonya thrive on the attention . finally dianne stop teach . she smile . int . competition ice rink - oregon - day 13 a line of pagent -y 7 to 9 year old skater stand in a line as a trashy 4 year old girl ( tonya ) receive a 1st place medal . tonya ( v.o. ) 6 month later I win my first competition . I be 4 . that bitch do not know what hit ‘em . int . practice ice rink - oregon - day - 4 year later 14 lavona sit in the bleacher sip ' coffee 's from a thermos . lavona wrooooo !.. ordinary . nothing special there . on the ice , tonya , 8 , in a ugly homemade skate outfit , flounder . Parents sit as far from lavona as possible . lavona ( cont ’d ) be you even try . Cause there 's other place I have fuck rather be ... concentrate . be that what you call a clean skate , for Christ sake ? skater mom could you not swear in front of the kid please , lavona ? lavona I do not swear , you cunt . ( to tonya - talk to a skater ) stop talk to she ! that girl be you enemy . you be not here to make friend . tonya and the girl skate toward the exit . lavona jump up . lavona ( cont ’d ) where the hell be you go ? 15 16 tonya I have to go to the bathroom . lavona do not tell I what you have to do . I pay for you to skate . you be gonna stay on the ice and skate . the other girl head off . tonya look toward the bathroom . lavona ( cont ’d ) get over here . tonya recognize the look on she mother 's face . she skate backward , away from lavona . lavona ( cont ’d ) you 'il have to come off the ice sometime . ya hear I ? i’1l be right here wait . tonya know this be true . she put all she attention on the ice . then she twirl impossibly high , landing perfectly . tonya stop suddenly . she drop she head . urine run down tonya 's leg . tonya look to lavona who cross she arm & watch coldly . lavona ( cont ’d ) skate wet . int . harding home - day - close on : modern day lavona 15 lavona to hear she tell it , I would operate on she daily without anaesthesia . one fuckin’ time . I hit she one time , with a hairbrush . int . practice rink - bathroom - oregon - day 16 lavona whack 8 year old tonya with a hairbrush . lavona Fucking terrible , scum suck , loser ! a female skate judge walk in , catch they . tonya and lavona look up at she , catch . 17 18 19 20 21 lavona ( v.o. ) a child sometimes want to be correct . int . harding home - day 17 lavona kick over a tall chair 8 year old tonya be sit in . lavona answer I when I talk to you . int . harding home - day - close on : modern day lavona 18 lavona when I feel this , I give she criticism . int / ext . lavona ’'s car - parking lot - night 19 through the car 's back window , we see lavona slap 8 year old tonya across the face . int . harding home - day - close on : modern day lavona 20 lavona the thing about tonya be , she skate better when she be enraged . if there be no '' you can not do it '' type of thing , she would not do it . the bird poop on lavona 's shoulder . lavona keep on talk . lavona ( cont ’d ) on the ice , I be there to inspire she . off the ice she be a happy , well adjust girl . ext . wood - oregon - morning 21 Close on : tonya , 12ish . she raise a gun malevolently and fire . bam ! ! a rabbit hop out of the way . 8. 22 ext . wood - oregon - moment later 22 tonya and she father al , 48 , walk through the Oregon wood . tonya dang ! al it be a clean shot , tonnie . tonya I know it . I be aim for she eye like you say . otherwise I coulda get she probably . al no sense in shoot a bunny if you shoot half the meat off she . tonya when I get older I be gonna work in a office and have a deadline . al I think you want to do Ice capade . tonya I can do both . yesterday mom make I wear my skate costume to school . the red one with the tassel . everyone make fun of I . al why have she do that ? tonya Cause they be take school picture and she say we could use the sample for competition . I tell mom that margie Sussman call we white trash and mom tell I - 23 ext . school - day 23 lavona with tonya in she yellow skate outfit . lavona spit in she milk !! 24 ext . wood - oregon - continuous 24 back to : tonya and Al al I hope you do not do that . tonya not yet ... he take tonya 's gun , reload it . tonya ( cont 'd ) do you love she ? al I guess . do you ? tonya ... yeah . al like you love I ? he hand the gun back to she . tonya nope . Al nod . she aim . she fire . a bunny fly backward , dead . 25 int . practice ice rink - oregon - day 25 a dainty skater glide gracefully on one leg , arm extend . tonya barrel past , a bull in a china shop . she jump and land a triple . she look to lavona , stand with Diane . lavona ignore she . lavona what do she need a fuck fur coat for ? I do not have a fuck fur coat . diane because it 's not just skate . the judge want figure skater to be - lavona Rich , prissy , a-hole - 10 . diane well round . it 's a question of fitting in . lavona she 's 12 and she land fuck triple . she do not fit in . she stand out . diane she stand out because she look like she chop wood every morning . lavona she do chop wood every ..? diane lavona . you want to work with I a little ? 23 skater I train so I can coach tonya full time . lavona and I waitress full time to pay for you coach . diane yes , but she 's not my child . lavona no she 's mine . and I be not throw my money away so she can fit in with this little shit . you can dress up a pig however you want , ya know what I be say ? diane it 's not about fitting in . it 's about how she 's grow up . lavona lick my ass , Diane . she can do a fuck triple . and in the background , tonya do . 26 ext . harding home - evening 26 Al skin rabbit as tonya , in skate , dance around the yard . tonya ( v.o . ) we do not have a lotta fun . we never go to disneyland or on trip . ( more ) 27 28 11 . tonya ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if I want something , I hada come up with a way to get it . int . practice rink - oregon - lobby area - day 27 tonya , in a ratty rabbit fur coat walk past girl also in fur . snooty girl what kind of a coat be that ? tonya shoot she the finger . ext . harding home - front yard - day 28 Al head out as lavona shout by the front door . lavona go on ! get out ! I think you have never leave ! tonya stand with she father by he pack up truck . tonya I be sorry . al it 's not you fault , tonnie . tonya then take I with you . al I be gonna be work 12 hour night shift . I can not look after you . tonya you could if you want to . he get in the truck , start the motor . she hold onto he arm , not let he go . al we will talk on the phone . it 'il all work out . al ( cont 'd ) you gotta move now , honey . she take he hand and pat she head with it . 29 30 12 . al ( cont 'd ) tonnie , please . then he push she backwards . she stare , dumbfounded . tonya you be not gonna leave I here ... he stare ahead . tonya ( cont 'd ) dad . .? he drive off . she watch he truck till it 's out of sight . tonya ( cont 'd ) take I with you !! lavona watch silently . then go inside and shut the door . int . practice rink - oregon - day 29 close on : the razor sharp edge of tonya 's skate racing at ridiculous speed . the sound of blade scraping against ice . tonya , 15 , ( now play by the same actress who play modern day tonya ) with short curly hair and brace , prepare for a tricky jump but another skater cross nearby . tonya stop , skate over to the girl . tonya you be . in. my. Way . cowed , the other skater move aside . then tonya jump . at the other end of the rink , 18 year old jeff gillooley watch at the rail with he friend , shawn , 18 , obese . jeff who 's that ? shawn squint , ketchup from he hotdog fall on he shirt . split screen : modern day jeff & modern day tonya . 30 tonya we meet in a ice rink where I be practice . I be 15 . I be there 8 hour a day , skate . I do not know what he be do there . 31 32 33 34 13 . int . practice rink - oregon - day 31 tonya and Jeff chat awkwardly on opposite side of the rail . jeff ( v.o. ) I be young . and I have no game whatsoever . Jeff , nervous , all thumb , try to appear super cool : jeff so ... do you like food ? tonya hesitates , then nod . in the background , lavona stop pour a drink and watch . int . harding home - bathroom - day 32 tonya use a curling iron while apply blue eye shadow . her stepbrother CHRIS , late 20 's , watch , hand on he crotch . tonya ( v.o. ) back then my step - brother creepy Chris be live with we . I remember Jeff and my 's first date cause I have creepy Chris arrest earlier that day . creepy Chris move closer , he hand slowly cupping she breast . in one quick motion tonya whirl round , walloping Chris across the face with the curling iron . he go down hard . she beat he with it . int . television screen - day 33 shawn Jeff do consult I regard tonya . he ask I what I think and I say , ' go for it man . 's not to be a bragger or anything but if I tell Jeff , '' you could do better , man 's no one would be talk about they today . ext . king 's buffet restaurant - evening 34 Jeff jump out of the car , open the passenger door for tonya who smile shyly , not use to such treatment . 35 14 . tonya ( v.o. ) I have never be a girly girl . Jeff be my first date ever ... and my mom come . then lavona barrel out , motion they to follow she inside . int . king buffet restaurant - evening to night 35 lavona , tonya , Jeff sit at a serve yourself style restaurant . lavona you a gardener or a flower , John ? jeff Jeff . lavona in a relationship there 's a flower and there 's a gardener . tonya Mom - jeff um , I do not know . I never think - lavona I be a gardener who want to be a flower . how fuck be I ? she downs a drink . lavona ( cont ’d ) tonya will not garden to save she life . you be gonna have to do all the gardening there fella . tonya Mom ! lavona what ?? they look at Jeff as if say , ' see what I put up with ? 's finally : lavona ( cont ’d ) you two fuck yet ? tonya and Jeff pretend they be anywhere else . 15 . ext . jeff 's home - front yard - day 36 by a fixer - upper home on a unmow lawn with a plastic deer & empty beer bottle , tonya & Jeff work under the hood of he truck . on it 's radio , 1986 hit play . tonya my dad 's only be laid off a couple month now so he stop send money . we have plenty of money before . I have a fur coat and everything . jeff yeah ? tonya otherwise - jeff ( his eye on the engine ) my family 's poor . this quiet she . tonya watch he . tonya you need I to disconnect the plug before you - jeff Kay . she move closer as they work . Jeff hand she a towel . tonya that 's okay . she wipe she hand on she pant leg . Jeff smile . tonya ( cont 'd ) what 's cha gonna do now school 's do ? jeff I do this job for the Association for retarded person . I mean , I be not a retarded person . I be they driver . which be cool . my dad be Air Force . he die when I be young so my college be pay for . but - I dunno . tonya my parent have I quit school . to concentrate on skate . 37 38 16 . jeff it 's like you superpower . it 's fuck awesome what you can do . tonya stop , unused to compliment or be see that way . tonya so , what ? you like I ? jeff you be so fuckin’ pretty . tonya no , I be not ! she look completely baffle as he move closer . then : tonya ( cont ’d ) you be . under the open , greasy hood of he truck , they kiss . tonya ( v.o. ) he be really sweet in the beginning . he be a good kisser . he tell I he love I . and I believe he . but then - int / ext . jeff' truck - STREET - night 37 bam ! Jeff pop tonya in the face . tonya turn directly to the camera . tonya he start hit I a few month in . int . motel room - night 38 tonya hold Jeff close as they make love for the first time . tonya ( v.o. ) then he have say it have never happen again . but I figure - tonya turn to the camera . tonya my mom hit I . she love I . 39 40 4l 42 43 17 . int . harding home - kitchen - day 39 Jeff corner tonya . he slap she . tonya ( v.o. ) that 's just what I know . int / ext . jeff' truck - roadside - night 40 Jeff 's truck rock as inside , he and tonya have sex . tonya ( v.o . ) he have say he be sorry . and thing would be normal for a while jeff I be sorry . tonya I know . int . harding home - hallway - afternoon 41 Jeff chase tonya around the house . tonya ( v.o. ) he be the first boy I ever love . the only catch be - — Jeff shove tonya 's head into a mirror . then to camera : tonya he would beat the live hell outta I . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 42 tonya and I think it be my fault . look Nancy get hit one time - int . ice rink - day 43 wound Nancy Kerrigan cry out , '' why ?? why ?? '' 18. 44 int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 44 tonya -+. and the whole world shit . for I it be a all the time occurrence . 45 int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 45 jeff I never hit she . that 's not I . I be actually a pretty meek guy . ( he giggle ) she hit I though . and she pack a wallop ! 46 int . jeff and tonya 's house - night 46 tonya , 19 , fire a shot gun at Jeff , bam . jeff ( v.o. ) fire a gun at I too . tonya ( to the camera , with a smoking gun ) this be bullshit . I never do this . 47 int . harding home - kitchen - day 47 jeff ( v.o. ) that come later . we be still happy now . lavona watch tonya as they eat white bread sandwich . lavona I can see that shiner through you make up , ya know . tonya I fall on the ice yesterday . lavona I do not know , tonnie . I would never be with someone who fuckin’ hit I . tonya you hit dad . 48 19 . lavona that 's different . tonya anyway he say he be sorry . they each take big bite . then with they mouth full : lavona seriously though . you be a dumb piece of shit who think she deserve to get hit . tonya how would I get that idea ? lavona ( reconsider ) maybe he should hit you . maybe you ’11l learn to keep you big mouth shut . sure help I out . tonya leave the table , put she dish in the sink . lavona ( cont ’d ) I be supportive of this relationship , do you hear I ? tonya I gotta go to practice . lavona hey !! tonya freeze . lavona ( cont ’d ) kiss you mother goodbye . tonya cautiously approach lavona and kiss she . but lavona can not connect . int . competition rink - locker room / hallway - day 48 title card : 12 month later . a long line of graceful , angelic , delicate girl make up . at the end of the line , tonya , in 1980 's ' punk , 's extinguish a cigarette butt on she skate blade . 49 50 51 20 . int . competition rink - on the ice - 1986 - day 49 tonya perform to ZZ . top . it 's the first time we really see she skate and she 's a wow . the judge clearly dislike she music selection but she skate have a power none of the other skater possess . this be no old fashioned ice princess . int . competition rink - the stand - day 50 Jeff grimace as tonya soar . shawn lick he finger , watch the monitor instead of live . 4 empty seat away , lavona study tonya . when tonya finish , the crowd cheer . int . competition rink - scoring area / hallway - day 51 tonya , out of breath , use she asthmas inhaler , wait with Diane . when she score come in , the crowd boos loudly . tonya and Diane quickly gather they thing and walk off . tonya they freakin’ hate I . Emily Ann fall and score higher . diane honey , you be - different . tonya I be not dress like a retarded tooth fairy . this be bullshit . diane the judge expect a conventional - tonya I do not want to be conventional ! diane and you score reflect that . tonya if I do a triple they have have to give I my fuck score . diane you can not just do the triple - tonya sometimes I can ! 52 21 . int . harding home - kitchen - night 52 tonya sit , eat self - consciously . lavona stand behind she , uncomfortably close , just glaring at she . finally : tonya lavona it be not my fault . nothing 's ever you fault . tonya I out -skate - lavona you skate like a graceless bull dyke ! I be embarrassed for you . tonya I be sorry . lavona you father 's not pay alimony ya know . every penny I make - every penny - go to you skate . and you be not even fuck try . tonya I say I be sorry . lavona wallop tonya across the head from behind . lavona do not talk back to I . tonya say I be sorry 's not talkin back ! lavona that suppose to be smart ?! outrage , lavona rail on she even harder . tonya dodge she . lavona ( cont 'd ) tonya you fuck ungrateful - stop it !! lavona throw a glass of milk at tonya but miss . lavona Rolling you fuck alien eye at I when I be talk ! tonya I do not ! 53 54 55 22 . lavona you think I like work for you , you selfish bitch ? if you be sleep with that mustache I want you to start pay rent . tonya you be crazy ! lavona I be not pay for you to act like a whore and live off I for free ! tonya lavona ( cont 'd ) bat shit fuckin’ crazy ! Ugly fuckin’ whore ! lavona throw a knife . it land in tonya 's arm . they stop . tonya look at the knife in she arm . she pull it out . she take the knife by the handle and slowly approach lavona . when she be in lavona 's face , she slam the knife on the table . then she walk out . lavona do not move . int . harding home - day - close on : modern day lavona 53 lavona oh , please ! show I a family that do not have up and downs ... int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 54 jeff tonya need to get away from she mom so we get a place together . int . / ext . harding house - front door - late afternoon 55 lavona sit quietly drink as Jeff struggle past with tonya 's suitcase . jeff ( v.o . ) there be not no more talk of air force or college . I do not care . I want to take care of she . to protect she . 56 23 . tonya easily march past with 2 much bigger bag . lavona and tonya do not speak or say goodbye . lavona watch they go . int . jeff and tonya 's house - kitchen - day tonya stand behind Jeff at the counter . his hand he on she ass . her arm be looped through he so he 's hold up she costume but it 's she . tonya think it need more tulle ? I want it to look pretty . tulle 's classy right ? jeff you think any more bout get you high school g.e.d .? she move in front of he , examine she costume . tonya I do not give a red hot shit about that anymore . jeff I think you should look into it . tonya maybe a bow in back ?... what if I be not smart enough ? 56 be behind it look like his hand slowly move to she front . she smile as she sew . jeff I ever tell you what I be most afraid of grow up ? ohmys . tonya ( as he hand reach she breast ) ohmys ? jeff you know in the wizard of Oz when they say , ' lion and tiger and bear ! oh my ? my brother convinced I ohmys be gonna come in the middle of the night and eat I alive . tonya you be so freakin’ dumb . jeff and I get a high school diploma . 57 58 59 24 . he hold up she costume , now with a big bow on it 's bottom . jeff ( cont 'd ) well , you be gonna get a medal for you sewin’ alone . move , she turn to kiss he . he roar a scary ohmy roar . she scream . he chase she , grab she ass into the bedroom . int . jeff and tonya 's house - front door - day 57 in a overly saturate scene of domestic bliss , Jeff deliver sandwich to tonya at the front door with a gym bag . jeff ( v.o. ) look back , that be probably we happiest time . I have make peanut butter sandwich and she 's go off to competition . we have exactly the same interest . she give he a flirty kiss which turn into a grope which turn to full on make out as they slide down to the floor . ext . oregon forest / jeff' truck - road - day 58 Jeff 's truck splatter mud . Jeff steer with he foot . head out the window , mud cover tonya scream with delight . jeff ( v.o. ) we both like truck . and fix car up . so . I think it would last forever ! int . competition rink - scoring area - day 59 the crowd boos as tonya 's score be reveal . tonya , in she tulle outfit with bow , glare . Diane put a arm around she . tonya this be fuck wrong , Diane . tonya jump back onto the ice as another skater move into she start ' graceful swan 's pose . diane tonya ! 60 61 25 . int . competition rink - ice - day ( cont . ) 60 tonya skate past the pose skater who remain freeze , only her eyeballs follow tonya who skate over to the judge . tonya hey ! how do I get a fair shot here ? the judge be stunne . the audience whistle & hoot . tonya ( cont 'd ) I be up at 5 every morning work my ass off . do someone wanna tell I to my face you be never give I score I deserve ? judge this be how it 's do . some of this girl have pay they due - tonya I do not give a shit ! I out - skate they today judge we also judge on presentation . tonya well you know what ? if you can come up with $ 5000 for a costume for I then I will not have to make one . but until then , stay out of my face . judge maybe you be just not as good as you think . maybe you need to pick another sport . tonya suck my dick ! this be fuckin’ rig ! the crowd go wild . tonya skate past the ' freeze swan , 's whose terrify eyeball watch tonya race past she . int . competition rink - locker room - day 61 diane do you really think you score will improve now that you tell they to ( try to say ' suck my dick 's ) - if you dress appropriately maybe they would score you appropriately . 62 63 64 tonya I dress pretty ! God , you do not like the way I dress or talk or any of my music . it 's like you want I to be a entirely different person ! diane I want you to be a better competitor or I be waste my time . tonya well then you be waste you time ! Cause you know what ? doddie teachman want to be my coach anyways ! you be fuck fire , Diane ! she throws she skate hard , just miss diane . then silence . Diane calmly walk out . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya tonya that be not my fault . unless puberty be my fault . int . television screen - day shawn to be fair , Jeff do love she . he really love she . I remember one time he take she to a Richard Marks concert . that 's when I know shit be serious . int . community CENTER - wedding reception - day 62 63 64 tonya and Jeff , just marry , gather the family together for a photo . Al stand tensely by lavona . tonya ( v.o. ) you do dumb thing when you be young . like marrying Jeff . tonya & Jeff unite for they first dance as husband & wife . 65 66 27 . tonya ( v.o . ) the wedding be nice . it make sense at the time . I could have insurance . good benefit all around . he have a car . guest applaud . shawn ignore they , fill he plate with food and lick each of he finger . int . community CENTER - wedding reception - evening 65 tonya , excited , turn she back and throw the bouquet . tonya ( v.o . ) plus I be do 6 hour a day of practice while I work a drill press , I do welding , I run a fork lift . but now , now I could just skate like all that other girl . the bouquet hit lavona , stoneface , in the chest . she let it fall to the floor as Jeff and tonya kiss . the music change . lavona approach tonya and straighten she wedding dress . lavona I do not know what to tell you . tonya smile at she mother who take tonya by the shoulder . lavona ( cont ’d ) marry the first idiot who say you be pretty . you fuck dumb . you do not marry dumb . lavona head to the food table . tonya stand there , stunne . int . modern day martin maddox - office - day 66 martin maddox most people do not understand how insanely difficult it be to even attempt a triple axel . there 's a reason no one be try it . 67 68 69 70 71 28. int . modern day diane - day 67 diane you skate backward then take off from a forward position on you leave leg and somehow - int . modern day lavona - day 68 lavona - fuckin 's hurl yourself blindly for 3 1 / 2 rotation like you be light as shit which I be tell you tonya never be - int . modern day diane - day 69 diane - landing on the opposite foot on the back outside edge of that razor thin blade . int . modern day jeff - day 70 jeff it 's that extra half rotation when you already do 3 that make we call tonya the Charles barkley of skate . it be bad ass . int . large rink - minn . national 1991 - day 71 a title card read : national . 1991 . minneapolis , Minnesota . tonya wait with she new coach , doddie teachman , late 20' . she spot lavona sit in the stand , frown . tonya psych herself up , a killer 's intensity behind she eye . tonya I do not know if I can do this , doddie . I miss it in my last training . doddie of course you can . you get this . 72 29 . spectator you suck , tonya . behind lavona , a young male spectator laugh . spectator ( cont ’d ) what be this ? redneck on Ice ? tonya turn to answer . doddie stop she , turn she around . spectator ( v.o. ) the lice capade ! doddie no woman in the history of U.S. figure skate have land a triple axel . all that woman who come before you . not 1 of they do it . tonya be still . doddie ( cont ’d ) the skate association do not think you can do it . ' trashy tonya 's do not belong . you own mother do not think so . now show they . tonya , focus , enraged , nod . she skate off onto the ice . doddie nod to lavona . lavona slowly turn to the heckler . he stare . she pay he 5 dollar . then she cross herself . int . large rink - minn . national 1991 - day ( cont . ) 72 tonya take to the ice and strike a pose . her music begin . tv announcer 1 ( v.o. ) here now be tonya harding . second after the original program . just 20 year old from Portland Oregon . great power . great speed . great athletic ability . she begin skate , spin in one spot then open up . tv announcer 2 ( v.o. ) and now the question be - whether 3 move into the program she will do a triple axle . first a triple lutz - tonya soar high and deliver perfectly . the crowd applaud . 30 . tv announcer 1 ( v.o. ) and now we will find out - will she become the lst american woman to attempt and complete a triple axel jump . skate almost beside the wall , she move closer to the center , backwards , look over she shoulder , prepare . tv announcer 1 ( v.o. ) we will know here whether she try or not - sound fall away . just she heartbeat and blade on the ice . in slow motion - tonya grunt as she powerfully leap high ( whoosh ) once , ( whoosh ) twice , ( whoosh ) three time , boom , landing backward on she opposite leg . real time . there be a moment of silence then deafening scream from the crowd . tv announcer 2 ( v.o . ) good girl !!! be not that great ! slow motion : the realization of what she 's do hit she . she look doubtful , stunne , thrilled , disbely , elate . tonya ( v.o . ) it be totally the most awesomest thing . Cause lead up it you be like , ' " I can not do it ! I can not . I can not . 's bam ! I can ! all that people who say I could not make it . well fuck you I do ! I prove everyone wrong . her mouth be open wide in elation . instead of throw she arm back gracefully , she fist pump . she perform 2 more huge jump back to back , perfectly . tv announcer 2 ( v.o. ) oh !... oh ! on the ice , tonya fly through the air , land a double axel go into a spin & throw she arm up in a triumphant finish . the crowd be go ape shit . tonya , mouth open wide , cheer . she fist pump , applaud herself , clutches she throat , finally bow to the crowd , receive she stand ovation . 73 74 75 76 77 31 . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 73 tonya I be love . she nod , overwhelm . then the sound of crowd cheer . int . large rink - minn . national 1991 - scoring area - day / 4 tonya wait with doddie . laugh , point , cover she face , scream , wiping away tear as she mark come in . tonya ( v.o. ) I can not describe how that feel . there be people stand up . for the first time , I know . she can not hold it in and break down cry . the press swarm . Jeff try to reach tonya but be shutout . he can not get close . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 75 tonya I know I be the best figure skater in the world . at one point in time . she well up , turn away from the camera . tonya ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . nobody ever ask I about this anymore . she turn she gaze back to the camera , she mind reeling . int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 76 jeff I be blind -side . as soon as she get back from national she be a entirely different person . and that person do not want old Jeff no more . int . jeff and tonya 's house - kitchen - day 77 Jeff put a grocery bag down in front of tonya at the counter then slip behind she to cuddle . 78 79 80 32 . tonya where the fuck be my dove bar ? jeff we can not afford they . eskimo pie be just as good . tonya I be America 's best figure skater ! I do not want friggin’ eskimo pies . Jeff know he 's lose she . he try a embrace . she recoil . tonya ( cont 'd ) when be the last time you even shower ? I want a friggin 's dove bar ! he study she . he do not know how to keep she and he do not have the word . bam ! he punch she . split screen : modern day jeff and modern day tonya 78 jeff tonya ( mournful ) ( elate ) after the triple everything after the triple everything change . change . int . jeff and tonya 's house - bedroom - day 79 tonya , confidently throw clothes into a suitcase , race out . tonya ( v.o . ) the Jeff I fall in love with be go . if I get up in the morning , I get hit . if I take a shit , I get hit . he do not need a reason anymore be what I be say . I just have enough . my whole entire life I be tell I would not amount to anything . well . maybe I would . she slam the front door behind she , triumphantly . int . large rink - minn . national - 1991 - evening 80 tonya stand with kristy yamaguchi and Nancy Kerrigan as a gold medal be slip around she neck . then to the camera : 78a 81 82 83 84 33. martin maddox ( v.o. ) suddenly kristi & Nancy be 2nd & 78a 3rd . then tonya be 2nd at World championship & win skate America . tonya and fuck he ! I be skate better than ever ! int . martin maddox 's newsroom office - day 81 Close on : martin maddox , the ex-hard copy reporter . martin maddox in the skate community the feel be like , '' oh my God . oh shit ! this be we skate champion ? '' he laugh at he own joke . int . large rink - oakland , CA - skate america 1991 - day 82 tonya perform incredibly high jump . she nail the triple . martin maddox ( v.o. ) tonya do the triple . no one else could or even have the ball to try . the audience cheer . the judge watch stone face . int . newsroom office - day - close on : modern martin 83 martin maddox tonya harding be not the image - int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 84 tonya could I interrupt with a quick word about Nancy Kerrigan ? it will just take a sec . 85 86 87 88 34 . int . competition rink - winners circle - evening 85 tonya and Nancy stand together smile , pose for picture . tonya ( v.o. ) Nancy and I be friend . we be roommate sometimes on the road . int . HOTEL room - night 86 tonya & Nancy , laugh , drink beer , take turn belching . tonya ( v.o. ) but the press want she to be the princess and I to be the pile of crap . to sell papers ! int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 87 tonya what kind of friggin person would bash in they friend 's knee ?... who would do that to a friend ?... tonya just stare into the camera . int . shawn 's parent 's house - basement - day 88 Jeff talk on the phone while he obese friend shawn pace . shawn this be bullshit ! you give she everything and this be how she treat you ? tell she that ! jeff why be you such a bitch ? you be act completely different from - tonya ( 0.s. ) I be different ! everything 's different . people smile at I now . shawn what she say ? what she say ? jeff people smile at she now . 35 . shawn ( throw up he hand ) oh , man !! jeff how could you file a restrain order on I ? 89 ext . van - parking lot - day 89 Jeff open the door of the retarded person Association 's van and 2 policeman be stand there . citizen watch fascinate as he 's present with the order . jeff ( v.o. ) they show up at work in front of everybody and -! tonya ( v.o. ) yeah , I file a restrain order so I would not have to look at you face ! tonya be hear hang up . 90 int . shawn 's parent 's house - basement - day 90 jeff she hang up ! shawn no she do not ! jeff I be call she back ! shawn call she back ! jeff Mrs. eckardt ? do you mind dial that number again ? the phone cord go all the way up the stair . 91 int . shawn 's parent 's house - kitchen - day ( cont . ) 91 shawn 's mother , at the top of the stair , dial the phone . 92 93 94 95 shawn 's mother okey dokey ! int . shawn 's parent 's house - basement - day Jeff wait . he be about to speak when : tonya ( 0.s. ) fuck you !! she hang up again . Jeff slow burn . shawn what she say ? jeff ( Calling upstairs ) just one more time , Mrs. eckhardt ! int . shawn 's parent 's house - kitchen - day ( cont . ) again . shawn 's mother dial . int . shawn 's parent 's house - basement - day tonya ( v.o. ) I say , fuck you !! jeff do not - she hang up . Jeff 's on he foot . jeff ( cont 'd ) we be go to Sun Valley . let go . he 's out the door . shawn follow . ext . shawn 's parent 's house - day Jeff and shawn walk quickly to the truck . shawn you be not gonna let she have the last word , man ? 36 . 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 37 . jeff no way ! shawn none of my woman get the last word ! Jeff stop , look at he . what woman ? then they be off again . jeff I be go to Sun Valley ! she 'il be there for a competition . I be get the last word ! I be the man ! shawn whoo ! we 're the man !! shawn flexe he muscle , bare he tooth , beat he chest . they get in the truck and peel out . int / ext . truck ( drive ) - road - day 96 shawn spin the radio dial non - stop as Jeff drive he truck . shawn Jeff . I have be a co op specialist in Switzerland and Europe . hostage retrieval be my area of expertise . int / ext . truck ( drive ) - road - day 97 driving , shawn talk with he mouth full . food fly at Jeff . shawn I be tell you . we be in , we be out . mind control may be necessary . which I have be practice in kenya , Korea - int / ext . truck ( drive ) - road - day 98 shawn sit shirtless in the backseat as Jeff drive . shawn when travel internationally I be resourceful as a lizard . my skill have be hone by year of infiltrate underground organization . 99 100 101 38 . int . large rink - SUN valley - practice session - day 99 Jeff walk purposefully . shawn fight to keep up . shawn we blend . we disappear . under no circumstance do we create a scene . jeff ( a la stanley kowalski ) tonya !! tonya stand with other skater . she turn . jeff ( cont 'd ) no. fuck you ! Jeff & shawn turn to each other , double high five . jeff and shawn whooo !!!!!! tonya shake she head at they idiocy . but she smile . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 100 tonya the truth be I like be marry . just not to he . int / ext . jeff and tonya 's house - front door - day 101 Jeff & tonya carry she bag from the truck to the front door . tonya ( v.o . ) he be call all the time say '' I have be to therapy . I love you . we belong together . take I back . 's tonya follow a path of flower petal on the floor throughout the house lead to the kitchen . on the freezer be a note that say ' look inside . 's Inside the freezer be stack with box of dove bar . tonya ( v.o. ) I want to be love . and I hope it would work . so I go back . they kiss . 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 39 . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 102 tonya the second Jeff come back ( shake she head ) .. everything go to shit . int . competition rink - ice level - day 103 tonya try the triple and fall hard on the ice . tonya ( v.o. ) the closer the Olympic get the worse my skate get . int . competition rink - ice level - night 104 tonya try & fall hard . she bang the ice with she fist . tonya ( v.o . ) it be like a nightmare . or a freaking curse . int . competition rink - ice level - night 105 tonya try & fall hard . she scowl . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 106 tonya but I still believe - I know I be gonna do it . I would be the first and only woman to do the triple in the Olympic . my whole life be lead to this one moment ! a title card read : the 1992 winter olympics . albertville 107 int . rink - ice level - albertville 1992 - day 108 tonya , in harsh makeup , slightly overweight , walk to the ice with doddie . she 's confident , ready to fulfill she destiny . 40 . doddie visualize the triple when you be in the lay back . this be everything you have be work for . tonya I fuckin’ get it , doddie . announcer 1 ( v.o. ) she be lst in the United States in 1991 . she be 2nd in the world in 1991 . 3rd in national in Orlando . she arrive late for this game & miss the open ceremony entirely . here be tonya harding . the music start and tonya perform a sort of robot dance with a karate kick . then she lean backward and twirl . announcer 2 ( v.o. ) her open move , a lay back spin be unique because you be dizzy from the spin . and she next jump , the triple axel , be the most difficult jump be perform in the lady event . tonya skate backward , pick up speed . announcer 1 ( v.o. ) and this be so exciting . no woman have attempt and complete a triple axel in Olympic competition . she use the entire ice rink in preparation . this be she destiny . and she know it . announcer 2 ( v.o. ) tonya harding could make olympic history . right ... here - in front of a huge crowd , tonya leap & soar . 109 int . harding kitchen - day - close on modern day tonya 109 tonya ( v.o. ) soooo - I would break off my skate blade 2 day before in practice . they put it back on a little off so - all my landing be off . all of they . I mean , that be not my fault . 114 41 . int . jeff and tonya 's house - bedroom - morning 110 a title card read : 2 month earlier . tonya hit ' snooze 's on the alarm next to sleep Jeff . she take a swig of beer , turn over and go back to sleep . int . bar - oregon - night 111 late at night , Jeff bring tonya shot as she shoot pool . int . practice rink - locker room - day 112 tonya on a scale as doddie check she weight . everyone frown . int . rink - locker room - albertville 1992 - later 113 on the locker room tv , tonya watch as kristi yamaguchi , madori ito and Nancy Kerrigan get they Olympic medal . tonya ( v.o. ) so , I come in 4th behind Nancy . I be really happy with that ! it be awesome . except it fuck be not fair . int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 114 jeff this next part . I mean ... not true . he throw up he hand , helplessly . ext . jeff and tonya 's house - jeffus truck - day 115 Jeff smashes tonya 's hand in the car door . int . jeff and tonya 's house - bedroom - night 116 Jeff rip tonya 's hair out . she scream . 117 42 . i/e. jeff and tonya 's house - night 117 Police light flash as tonya give she statement to officer . tonya ( v.o . ) thing get out of hand . we could not be in the same house together . I call the authority on he the whole summer . file restrain order . finally I divorced he . i/e . tonya 's apartment / jeff' truck - night 118 Jeff pull up in he truck honk he horn . when tonya look out the window , he get out and hold up a purse . jeff miss something ? tonya lock the bolt on the door . suddenly , banging on the door . jeff ( cont 'd ) tonya I have get you bag . open the door . can I not drop something off ? tonya Jeff you can not be here . you can not be within a hundred foot of I . I be call the cop . she go to the phone . he bash through the door . she race around the couch as he jump over the couch . jeff I be gonna break you fuck leg ! he grab she and he shove she up against the wall . he pull out a gun and put it against he head . jeff ( cont 'd ) I be gonna fuck kill you ! do you want I to kill you ? do you want I to kill myself ? tonya put down the fuck gun . stop it ! jeff which be it , bitch ? what have ya want ? he put the gun right in she face . 120 43. jeff ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l fuck kill you . you do not need you purse . you do not need anything . you need I ! okay ? tonya okay ... okay . put down the fuck gun . just put down the fuck gun . he point the gun under he chin . he tear up and turn away . she run but he catch she and bang she head into a mirror . she knee he hard in the ball & run out the door . ext . tonya 's apartment / jeff' truck - night 119 tonya run out scream . Jeff reach the doorway and fire . he fire into the ground near tonya 's foot but a fragment ricochet into she head . boom . she go down hard . tenants come out of they apartment . Jeff wave he gun . jeff get back ! stand back ! everything 's fine ! he drag she into he truck and screech away . int / ext . jeff' truck - roadside - night 120 tonya , blood gush from she head , be daze . jeff you fuck bitch ! look what you do ! look what you make I do ! police siren be hear tell they to pull over . he do . jeff ( cont 'd ) I will kill you if you say anything ! shit ! then he kiss she . she hit he . a policeman come over to Jeff 's window . policeman 's p.o.v. : Jeff and tonya sit calmly . Jeff nod at the policeman . tonya , she head bleed profusely smile brightly at the officer . 121 122 123 124 44 , policeman I be go to need you to get out of the car . int / ext . jeff' truck - roadside - later 121 tonya sit in the truck as Jeff good - naturedly chat with the policeman who pull 2 gun out of the back seat . tonya ( v.o. ) do not say a thing about the blood ! take alcohol and 2 gun outta the truck ! then he just leave I there with he which be why I do not trust the authority . or anyone . ( to the camera ) Jeff can talk he way out of anything . never talk to he . int . harding home - day - close on : modern day lavona 122 lavona well my story line be disappear right now . what . the. fuck. lavona inhale she cigarette . the bird on she shoulder squawks . lavona exhales cigarette smoke at it . int . restaurant - day 123 tonya , in a waitress uniform , bus table as she head out on a break . tonya ( v.o. ) when you come in 4th in the Olympic you do not get endorsement deal . you get the 6 a.m. shift at spud City . int / ext . spud CITY restaurant - afternoon 124 tonya , out of shape , miserable , walk out and sit on the deck of the restaurant , grab a smoke between shift . then : tonya look up . Diane be there . tonya smile , apprehensively . 45 . diane you look well . tonya I look like someone who have a way outta this shit and fuck it up . diane I be be polite . Diane sit . they both look down the road . Diane smooth she already smooth skirt . diane ( cont 'd ) you okay ? tonya well . my skate career 's over . I have no savings . I end up a waitress like my mom . on the plus side I be unskill . diane the Olympic committee announce today the next Olympic be go to be in 2 year instead of 4 . tonya and Diane lock eye . diane ( cont 'd ) no heavy metal . lose the blue nail polish . tonya I be too outta shape . diane pear be a shape . ( they smile ) the world 's give you a 2nd chance . I know you do not believe in they but I do . 125 montage : int . dance studio - day 125 128 the thumping overture of barracuda plays over : 128 126 int . practice rink - oregon - day 126 Diane check tonya 's hand for polish . they be clear . 127 128 129 130 131 132 46 . int . dance studio - day 127 a ballet teacher elongate tonya 's finger , straighten she back , raise she chin . tonya hate it . ext . wood - day 128 tonya run use a large bag of dog food on she back for endurance . Diane watch alongside . tonya talk directly to the camera as she run by . tonya this be how Rocky train when he have to fight the Russian . and it work ! diane ( to the camera ) she actually do this . int . gym - day 129 tonya be instruct in a series of graceful move . ext . wood - day 130 tonya lift log , sweat . Diane watch , doubtfully . diane and this . int . practice rink - oregon - day 131 tonya work with Diane , extend she leg as she glide along the ice . int . tonya 's apartment - night 132 tonya hike with 2 large water bottle for weight . she collapse and use she inhaler . diane and this . 133 134 135 136 137 47 . int . competition rink - ice level - evening 133 tonya jump high on the ice and land perfectly . int . competition rink - scoring area - evening 134 Diane and tonya react to she low score minute later . int . competition rink - evening 135 tonya spin rapidly , end she routine to a cheer crowd . int . competition rink - scoring area - evening 136 tonya and Diane react in frustration to she low score . ext . parking lot - competition rink - day 137 tonya ambush a skate judge as he get in he car . tonya sir? Excuse I . can we talk a minute about my score ? the judge lock the car door & roll the window down a bit . judge happy to . tonya I know you do not like I . but I be landing all my jump out there . judge tonya ... it 's never be entirely about skate . i’1l deny I ever say it honey , but you be just not the image we want to portray . you be represent we country , for goodness sake . we need to see a wholesome american family . and you refuse to play the along . 48 . tonya I do not have a wholesome american family . why can not it just be about skate ? 138 int . diner - oregon - day 138 lavona spot tonya sit at a table . tonya ( v.o. ) they want a wholesome american family ? it 's not gonna be easy . but I could pull that outta my ass . lavona shit . I know you do not expect I to wait on you . tonya I do not expect a thing , mom . lavona well be not you a little hot house flower . tonya I be training for the Olympic anyhow . lavona so what do you want from I ? money ? tonya God . I just want to see you . lavona you be a taker . every cent I make go to you skate and you take it . what do you want ? tonya well this be a stupid fuck idea . be anything I ever do good enough for you ? lavona you be soft . tonya at 3 ?? lavona and I make you a fighter . you never - 139 140 49 , tonya you make I think I skate best when my life be shit . and now my life be shit . you make that true . I do not want that - lavona you woulda pick it in a heartbeat ! you should be thanking I . not blame I . tonya do you ever love I ? or anything even ? lavona be momentarily throw . but she recover quickly . then : lavona you think sonja henie 's mother love she ? poor fuckin’ you . I do not stay home make Apple Brown betty . no I make you champion ! know you would hate I for it . that 's the sacrifice a mother make . I wish I have a mother like I . instead of nice . Nice get you shit . I do not like my mother either . so what ? I give you a gift . tonya stand , face lavona . before she walk away : tonya you curse I . you be a monster . lavona spill milk , baby . int . shawn 's parent house - basement - night 139 shawn 's mom hand a long phone chord to Jeff in the basement . jeff ( v.o . ) I be pretty surprised when tonya call I . but she say - int . tonya 's apartment - night 140 the screen split in 2 . tonya be on the phone in both shot . 141 142 143 144 145 50 . tonya tonya ( lovingly ) ( disgust ) I do not think I can make it I do not think I can make it to the Olympic without you . to the Olympic without you . int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 141 jeff I admit it . a part of I still think the sun rise and set with she . I just want she to look at I like she use to . I just want to hold on . int . jeff and tonya 's house - bathroom - afternoon 142 tonya cover she face with makeup to hide the bruise . Jeff hand she a beer , apologetically . he kiss she neck and she let he . tonya ( v.o. ) I figure it be just for 3 week . the second I make the team I be gonna dump he ass . but ... int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 143 tonya before I could think too much on that , I mean , it 's what you all come for folk ! the fucking incident . int . maddox newsroom office - day - close on : martin 144 martin maddox rub he hand together gleefully . martin maddox the incident ! int . rawlinson home - day - close on : modern day diane 145 Diane look away , distastefully . diane the incident ... 146 147 148 149 150 51 . int . harding home - day - close on : modern day lavona 146 lavona look directly into the camera . lavona the fuck incident ! int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 147 jeff everyone remember the incident differently and that 's a fact . int . competition rink - tented area - day 148 tonya , in she skate costume , lay in wait with a large wooden baseball bat in she hand . jeff ( v.o. ) some people honest to god remember tonya whack Nancy herself . when Nancy appear , tonya swing wildly as Nancy scream . int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 149 jeff I never talk about how it go down except to the FBI . the press get everything wrong . int . practice rink - afternoon 150 Jeff , tonya and Diane chat when a policeman approach . sheriff Excuse I . I be with the canton County sheriff 's office . I be gonna need to talk with you . tonya goddamnit , Jeff what would you do ?? sheriff I have receive a death threat . 52 . tonya from Jeff ? sheriff against you . tonya what the F ?! jeff what have they say exactly ? sheriff if harding skate today , she ’1ll get a bullet in the back . tonya what the F ???! diane how serious should we take this ? jeff right ? I mean , girl skater at this level . they be always mess with each other 's skate blade . with each other 's costume . sheriff I never know that . jeff yeah , it 's a thing . sheriff the point be this be a large venue and we can not protect you . tonya look out at the grow crowd , nervously . 151 int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 151 jeff in the end she 's too freak out to skate . it screw with she head for a long time . he pause . he 's not proud of this next part . jeff ( cont 'd ) and . it get I think ... which be not always my strength . 53. 152 int . red neck dive bar - oregon - night 152 Jeff and shawn sit across from each other , eat . jeff what if I do the same thing ... to Nancy Kerrigan ? only right before national ? shawn to sort of even the play field . jeff right . I would not be the first person to cheat at figure skate . a lot of that judge be corrupt . it 's not exactly prim and proper . shawn someone do it to tonya ! jeff it 's my way of say I love you . shawn interesting . go on . jeff no , that 's it . I figure I 'il mail Nancy a couple of letter to screw with she head . shawn whoa ! you f-ing greenhorn ! you can not mail letter from here , have it postmark from Portland . jeff no . shawn what we do see be , we fly someone over there or maybe to Massachusetts where she 's from , to keep suspicion off a we , see ? jeff yeah . shawn and you be not gonna know they and they be not go to know you . 153 154 54 . jeff right . shawn I know a guy . I should not even be sayin’ he name . Derrick . all in , we be talk - $ 1,000 . you better let I handle everything . int / ext . getaway car ( drive ) - evening 153 a title card read : shawn 's guy . they name appear under they image . derrick smith 29 , bald & shane stant 22 , a mouth breather . the car jut and start in time to the music . int . jeff and tonya 's house - live room - night 154 Jeff and tonya listen to a answer machine message over and over but it 's inaudible due to wear . jeff ( v.o. ) we bein 's great spy , we call a friend who leave a message sayin’ where Kerrigan train but we machine 's so old we sorta can not understand it . tonya she 's say Nancy Kerrigan train at tuna can Arena . jeff who 's gonna name a arena tuna can ? tonya ( dial the phone ) fisherman . everyone 's fisherman in Massachusetts . hi Vera . it 's tonya again . we machine 's a piece of crap . could you tell I where Nancy Kerrigan train again ? I have a bet with Jeff . spell that , hon ? uh huh . and what time do she train ? she write it all down , hang up and give the paper to Jeff . tonya ( cont 'd ) it 's that fuckin’ easy . tony kent 155 156 157 158 jeff thank you . tony Kent ? tonya tony Kent Arena . jeff not - tuna can . tonya tony Kent Arena . it 's the same thing ! int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya tonya that be such bullshit ! the FBI find this piece of paper in some random dumpster supposedly in my hand write with Nancy 's training schedule and shit on it . int . maddox newsroom office - day - close on : martin int . nail martin maddox it be the arena Nancy skate at and she training time . why do they need training time if they be mailing letter ? gillooly can change he story all he want to make himself feel better , but he confess to the FBI . guilty . salon - day - close on : modern day jeff jeff I tell the FBI that tonya be in on plan it and she be . but the plan be to mail some letter . int . f.b.i. headquarters - polygraph room - day Jeff be wire for a polygraph . he talk to the camera . 55 . 155 156 157 158 159 56 . jeff tonya do not know about the assault cause there be never suppose to be a assault . just letter . int . shawn 's parent 's house - morning 159 Jeff hand shawn a wad of money as he parent watch tv . jeff ( v.o. ) I give shawn a thousand buck . nothing happen . int . practice rink - oregon - night 160 tonya practice on the ice as shawn follow Jeff around . shawn you be gonna need to come up with more money . jeff do I have stupid write across my head ? all they gotta do be mail the letter someplace . I be not give they more money . shawn this be 2 of my top operative . Derrick need expense money - jeff you know what ? call Derrick . tell he we be call the whole thing off . ( yelling to tonya ) sweetie , the death threat off . tonya ( as she jump ) whatever . shawn whoa ! you can not call it off . this baby have move part . ball be already be play with . jeff too bad . all they have to do be mail fuck letter , shawn ! 57 . tonya skate over to they , catch she breath . shawn this be not the kind of guy you want to double cross . trust I . jeff that 's you problem . and get I my thousand buck back . they do not do anything . shawn tonya . you still want this to happen , right ? I can still make this happen . tonya I do not care , shawn . I clearly have bigger shit to fry . shawn you eat shit ? tonya what ? shawn Fish to fry , not shit to fry . shit to fry be a meal best serve never . tonya who care , you big , fat , fuck ?! you can not make it happen anyway . he start to respond but she snap she finger in he face . tonya ( cont 'd ) you be not a secret agent . you be not a hit man . you be a fat nobody gas bag who life with he parent , drive a ' 76 mercury , be laugh at behind he back and have never be laid . just stay away from I . as she skate away , every truth shawn 's be avoid be hold up like a mirror . it devastate he . he can not comprehend it . split screen : modern day tonya and modern day jeff 161 tonya jeff I have a session later that January 6th . I be sleep night . so I be asleep . in . 164 58. they both stare into the camera , blankly . title card : detroit national . JANUARY 6 1994 . practice 162 session int / ext . getaway car / rink parking lot - detroit - day 163 Derrick , shawn 's ' hit man 's prep young Shane , pointedly . derrick remember , if you mind 's blank , no one can pick up you vibe . also - they can not identify you if they do not see you eye . Shane listen solemnly and nod . Derrick open Shane 's door . int . rink - detroit national 1994 - lobby - day 164 huge banner announce ' laggs present 1994 woman 's National figure skate championship . 's shane stand slightly bug-ey watch the security guard in front of a ' restricted Area 's sign , psyching himself up . shane my mind 's blank . do not let ‘em see my eye - his face go slack as he mind blank . he gaze down and oddly to the right . he take a deep breath , hold it . then : he walk right past security . int . rink - detroit national 1994 - backstage - day 165 Shane wipe he brow as he get he bearing . cameramen , skater , technician , coaches , all mill about . a pretty young skater be bent over , tie she shoe . Shane stare at she ass as he pass , trip into a security guard . they lock eye . shane ... the john ? 59 . the guard point . Shane mind - blank again as he head off . Shane look around , lose . he stop Michelle kwan 's coach . shane ( cont ’d ) which one 's Kerrigan ? the coach point to the ice rink . Shane watch Nancy Kerrigan walk off the ice , passing right by he . he do a double take . Shane psych himself up . he can turn back or not . he hesitates then follow Nancy . they disappear behind the curtain . int . rink - detroit national 1994 - behind the curtain - idky Shane snap open a baton . he strike nancy kerrigan 's leg from behind as he hurry out , never look back . int . rink - detroit national 1994 - hallway - day 167 Shane walk quickly as the first scream be hear . he head toward 2 large glass door that lead to the street . he crash into they . he push & pull they . they be lock . he look at the baton in he hand then at the glass door . he raise the baton . but instead of use the baton , he smashes the glass with he head , baton hold high . he pull he head back , daze , then push through the door . ext . rink - detroit national 1994 - back entrance - day 168 a bit baffle , Shane take a step in one direction then the opposite one . a old man happen to be stand there . Shane inexplicably tackle he . they hit the ground hard . then Shane jump up . he race down the street just as a car pull alongside he , never stop . Shane throw the baton underneath a random car and jump inside the getaway car as it skid off . 169 170 60 . int . maddox newsroom office - day - close on : martin 169 martin maddox ( present day ) we have no idea something like this could be do by 2 of the biggest boob in a story populate solely by boob . int . jeff' live room / int . tonya 's HOTEL room - day 170 we cut between : tonya watch Nancy get hit on tv , phone receiver in hand , wait for Jeff to pick up . Jeff lay sprawle out on the bed . finally he answer he ringing phone . tonya Holy shit ! jeff tonya ? tonya they break she knee ! jeff who 's knee ? what be you talk - tonya turn on the tv . it 's everywhere . Nancy Kerrigan 's . some guy . he - Jeff bolt upright .. jeff no , no , no , no . it 's suppose to be letter - tonya it 's not a letter Jeff . they break she fuck knee -- jeff no , no . it 's - just a death threat . she hang up . Jeff fall out of bed , turn on the tv and stand naked in front of it . he channel surf . on every station Nancy cry out '' why ? ? '' 171 172 173 61 . jeff ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaaaargh ! ! ! he throw the remote across the room . int . diner - oregon - day 171 lavona stop wait table and watch the scene on tv . lavona the fuck moustache ... ext . shawn 's parent 's house - driveway - dusk 172 Jeff 's truck skid and screech to a halt . Dust fly . int . shawn ’'s parent 's house - kitchen / live room - night 173 Jeff burst through the door . shawn and he parent be watch the news report on the attack . shawn we do it man ! we be everywhere ! it 's so friggin’ awesome ! jeff what the hell , shawn ?!? what the fuck do you do ?? shawn I change the course of history ! whoooo ! jeff be you insane ?! no one 's suppose to get hurt . it 's suppose to be psychological warfare be - shawn what if it do not work , Jeff ? what if it do not scare she ? all we hard work woulda be for nothing . jeff what hard work ? it be mailing fuck letter !! 62 . shawn I have to make sure it would happen . look , I be tonya 's bodyguard . now all the skater be gonna need one . the money 's gonna be pour in . I change the course of history ! shawn hoot and applaud . Jeff hold he head in he hand . jeff it be a simple plan , shawn . why do not you just stick to it ? shawn I do stick to the plan . jeff this be not the plan ! shawn this be always the plan . you think it 's easy ? in my profession I have to think 4 step ahead of everyone . or do you not realize that I be the one who ... call the death threat on tonya ? Jeff be stop in he track . jeff why - wait , what ??? shawn people do not take I seriously , Jeff . but I be in control of the situation . I think I prove that . jeff this be outta control ! shawn relax . everything 's great . yes . my parent tape over my favorite Star Trek episode to record the CNN but I be keep it together ! jeff you be a fuck idiot ! shawn we gotta get that guy out of Detroit though . they be stick there and they do not have any money . 4 step ahead . 174 175 176 63 . Jeff , look like he want to kill shawn , head towards the door . jeff unbelievable ! shawn Jeff ?.. Jeff ..! the door slam after Jeff . int . rink - detroit national 1994 - night 174 a title card read : January 7 , 1994 . ( the next day ) fan hold sign cheer she on as tonya skate around the ice . she look determine , focus , almost mercenary . tv commentator 1 ( v.o. ) she tell we - I know there be a lot of people out there who think I be a have be . I have a lot to prove . tv commentator 2 ( v.o. ) it will be very interesting to see if she play this conservatively - or not . tonya begin to skate to the music . int . western union - night 175 a clerk watch tonya skate on a small tv as Jeff send a money order . Jeff be extremely overly casual . tv commentator 1 ( v.o. ) she can be powerful , intimidating , and athletic all at the same time . jeff its to Derrick Smith & Shane stant . on the tv , tonya soar high and land a triple lutz . int . diner - oregon - night 176 lavona watch tonya skate on the tv set in the bar . 64 . tv commentator 1 ( v.o. ) the height and the speed be so different than all the other woman . tv commentator 2 ( v.o. ) this be a big improvement from 2 yeas ago . lavona stand stock still amid the chaos of the restaurant , watch tonya . she hold herself tightly , afraid to breathe . manager lavona , you get customer wait . tv commentator 1 ( v.o. ) oh ! huge jump she 's do . on the tv : tonya jump impossibly high into a triple loop . tv commentator 1 ( v.o. ) great control . this be she final combination . lavona be in the routine with tonya , focus , alert . manager lavona , c’mon ! commentator 2 ( v.o. ) ..- nicely do !! lavona I wanna see she face . manager I say c’mon ! lavona I wanna see she fuck face at the end !! lavona search tonya 's face for guilt or innocence .. commentator 1 ( v.o. ) for all the skeptics who feel that tonya 's peak have pass , I think she prove she 's still a winner . commentator 2 ( v.o. ) this be a great moment for tonya . she 's have everything go wrong . she 's let everything go wrong . ( more ) 65 . commentator 2 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and yet now all of a sudden to pull this off and become we national champion - be terrific . tv commentator 1 ( v.o. ) and it look like she have most definitely earn herself a place on the U.S. Olympic team . tonya be triumphant . elate . the crowd be on they foot . lavona take it all in , stoneface . be she happy ? jealous ? miss out ? proud ? plott she next move ? when she turn away from the tv , she mask be already back on . 177 ext . tony kent arena - Mass . - 4 day earlier - day 177 Shane sit inside he car in front of the arena . he move the car up a foot and stop . martin maddox ( v.o. ) Shane stant be clueless . before the attack , he wait outside the arena in Massachusetts he think Nancy Kerrigan be training at - and move he car every 15 minute to avoid suspicion . Shane move he car up a foot and stop . martin maddox ( v.o. ) he do this for 2 day until he find out Nancy be in Detroit . 178 ext . tire shop - day 178 Police light flash as a team of police handcuff Shane . martin maddox ( v.o. ) later we find out they leave a trail as big as the cumberland gap . phone record . Bank record . shane how would you find I ? policeman next time you pull off a hit , son , do not put it on Visa . 66 . Shane stare at he , slack jaw . 179 int . HOTEL lobby - detroit - late afternoon 179 tonya be elate . photographer take picture as Jeff and tonya walk through the lobby of they hotel . jeff okay , fella . that 's enough . they head quickly to the elevator . jeff ( cont 'd ) before this blow up , we have to get we story straight . tonya you do the talk . you be my manager . jeff okay . Cause we have to be real careful about what we say . tonya we can not afford to make a mistake . I wait so long for this ! a shy 6 year old girl approach with pen and paper . 6 year old girl tonya I wanna be a skater like you . tonya thanks . hope you mean it ! she sign a autograph and the girl move on . jeff we play it cool . after all , we both have alibis . tonya alibis ?... for wheaty ? jeff wheaty ? what be you talk about ? tonya my endorsement deal ! be not that what you be talk about ? 67 . jeff the attack , ton - voice Excuse we . Jeff and tonya turn . 2 man in suit stand before they . FBI agent 1 we be with the FBI . Jeff and tonya stare . int . tonya 's HOTEL room - detroit - late afternoon 180 tonya and Jeff sit with FBI man . FBI agent # 1 it 's just a formality . we be talk to everyone . tonya we do not know anything . FBI agent # 2 that must make life difficult . he laugh at he joke , alone . then : FBI agent # 2 ( cont 'd ) maybe you hear something or see - tonya I be asleep . and Jeff be not here . jeff I be not even here ! they turn to jeff. jeff ( cont 'd ) I be asleep too . in Oregon . at home . in Portland . which be where I live . which be in Oregon . he take a deep breath . instead of exhaling , he hold it . FBI agent # 1 what do you make of all this , Jeff ? jeff well . it 's a scary prospect what this world be come to . FBI agent # 1 how long be you in Detroit ? jeff we be head to the airport now . FBI agent # 1 well , why do not we give you a ride ? tonya jeff thank you . that be so - oh , that 's not - FBI agent # 2 but first . who 's Derrick ? 68. Jeff look like he just poope he pants and do not want anyone to know it . tonya I do not know any Derrick . jeff I know lot of derrick . they all turn to Jeff . jeff ( cont 'd ) we be gonna miss we plane . the flash of camera go off . int . portland airport - corridor - night flash ! tonya , teary - eye , carry a stuff bear be friend , reporter & camera crew . Jeff lag behind . trench coat & tie , play bodyguard . reporter ( v.o. ) how do it feel to be go to the Olympic ? tonya I be really happy ! but it will not be a true crown until I get my chance with Nancy . and that 'il be Olympic . and let I tell you - I be gonna whip she butt . 181 mobbed by shawn , 69 . she laugh . none of the reporter do . reporter ( v.o. ) do the FBI talk to you ? tonya I mean , they talk to everybody . and they , they be do , um - let 's see - a thorough investigation to try to find the man who do it . she walk on with the reporter follow by shawn and Jeff . 182 int / ext . cadillac ( drive ) - night 182 shawn and tonya be elate . Jeff , not so . tonya and shawn whooo !!!!!! tonya I get to go to the Olympic again ! shawn they be take my picture ! tonya fuck the skate Association ! jeff this be a cluster - fuck !!!!! tonya and shawn whooo !!!!!! jeff it 's not funny . we gotta fix this ! tonya fix what ? we talk to the FBI . everything 's fine . shawn she 's right man . we outsmart they . my guy be pay & deep in hide - jeff aaaaaaaaaargh!i !!!el tt tonya what be the problem ? 184 70 . jeff you want to tell I what happen , shawn ?? who do you talk to ? shawn nobody ! jeff if you tell I now , maybe I can fix it . but if you do not tell I , we be gonna be all fuck . shawn I do not talk to anyone . jeff somebody know something and they should not know anything . shawn I never say anything ! jeff how do they come up with the name Derrick , shawn ?? shawn I do not know ? how can you even ask I that ? I could withstand torture and never talk . they could never break I ! int . red neck dive bar - oregon - night 183 a title card read : 24 hour earlier . shawn sit at the bar , brag to a group of people . shawn that whole Nancy Kerrigan thing ? that 's my team ! we get $ 65,000 to take she down ! ext . shawn 's parent 's house - STREET - dusk 184 shawn brag to a neighborhood kid as shawn empty the trash . shawn ... then my team obtain press credential by beat up a reporter and use it to get inside the rink . 71 . 185 int . public men 's room - urinal - day 185 shawn brag to a fellow pee man . shawn bam ! my hit man whacks Kerrigan with a retractable baton 3 time in the knee & again on the head . bam ! then he shout at she , he say - 186 ext . shawn 's parent 's house - driveway - night 186 a title card read : 48 hour after that . a group of FBI man and policeman knock of shawn 's front door . FBI agent 1 shawn eckhardt ? shawn no . shawn 's mother who be it , shawny ? 187 int . shawn 's parent 's house - family room - night 187 shawn sit on the couch surround by agent in suit . FBI agent # 1 what can you tell we about tonya harding ? shawn I do not know tony harding . FBI agent # 2 be not you she bodyguard ? shawn -..- let I finish ... well . I do not know she well . FBI agent # 2 how about Nancy Kerrigan ? shawn who ? 72 . FBI agent # 1 you have not hear of Nancy Kerrigan ? shawn oh . I think you say Nancy herring . shawn wipe he brow . the Agents exchange a look . FBI agent # 1 shawn - shawn Jeff do it !!! int . jeff and tonya 's house - kitchen - day 188 tonya look out the window and see the gather press . tonya what the fuck 's go on ? jeff nothing . the phone ring . Jeff be quickly pull all the shade as tonya go for the phone . jeff ( cont 'd ) do not answer it !! they both stare , inch away from the ringing phone . a beat . then Jeff can not help himself . he answer it . jeff ( cont 'd ) Jeff gillooly speak ? intercut with shawn : shawn you gotta pay I my money and I gotta get outta town . they know something . jeff what ? why do you - shawn we gotta meet or I be - jeff shawn , calm down . where do you want to meet ? 73. shawn at the Golden buddha . meet I at the stroke of midnight . jeff I be not meeting at the fuck stroke of - shawn that 's the plan , man . and bring the money ! shawn hang up . the two f.b.i. agent nod . ext . the golden buddha - parking lot - midnight 189 as Jeff head in , he can not help but notice two identical black sedan park in the lot . something 's clearly up . int . the golden buddha - midnight 190 shawn wipe sweat from he face and the back of he neck . when he spot Jeff approach , he several chin tremble . jeff what 's go on , shawn ? shawn nothing ... why do not you sit down , Jeff ? jeff you wanna go to that bar on - shawn no , no , no . this be good . sit down . Jeff sigh . he stare at shawn hard as he sit . jeff what 's up , man ? you okay ? you be sweat a awful lot even for you . shawn no I be not okay ! you know I be not okay ... they know . jeff who ? 74 . shawn you know . jeff no . shawn the FBI ! they know something 's up . jeff what 's up ? shawn mime whacked Nancy cry out ' why ?!? 's jeff ( cont 'd ) whoa !! shawn yeah ! jeff shawn . be you try to tell I you have something to do with this whole Nancy Kerrigan thing ? shawn what the fuck , Jeff ?! of course I - jeff do not - say another word or I will be force to go to the authority . and shawn realize Jeff know he 's wear a wire . Jeff lean in close to shawn . kissing close . jeff ( cont 'd ) I have have love in my heart for you only I can not help you with this . but you make you bed . now die in it . Jeff walk out . shawn look outside nervously to the g-men . int . diane rawlinson 's house - live room - day 191 tonya and Jeff wait for Bob rawlinson , tonya 's lawyer . tonya ( v.o. ) Diane 's husband 's a lawyer so in the morning we meet up at they house . it be nice . they have a live room and stuff like that ... 75 . tonya why do not we turn he ugly , fat ass in ? Big , dumb , freakin’ , tub a gut . jeff Cause it 's only he word against ours . you & I gotta stick together - tonya I be gonna lose everything ! I work my whole life for this and he - jeff if it ever come down to that , I have tell they you do not have anything to do with it . but right now we gotta get we story straight . since they can not pin anything on we - we do not know anything . tonya we do not know anything . Diane and Bob rawlinson , lawyerly handsome , join they . bob look . they arrest shawn and he 's say it be all you idea , Jeff . tonya jeff we do not know anything ! we do not know anything ! tonya it be suppose to be mailing some - Jeff squeeze she arm hard . she scream , turn to he . jeff it 's gonna be a shit show for we real soon . we gotta get home . tonya nod . he yank she quickly out the door . int / ext . jeff' truck - rawlinson 's driveway - day 192 the second Jeff get in the truck , he turn to she . jeff what part of keep you mouth shut be unclear , you stupid cunt ?! 194 195 76 . Jeff , furious , screech onto the road . tonya , humiliate , study he in film noir like shadow . it dawns on she : tonya there 's ... there 's more than what you be say the story be , be not there ..? ( finally ) do you do it ? jeff shut up I be tell you !! tonya shit ! shit ! goddamnit- how could you do that ? then say you love I ? you know skate 's my life ! fuck ! what do you do ?! what do you , Jeff ? what do - she scream as Jeff throw back he fist and swing hard - int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 193 tonya bam . he freakin’ nail I right in the face . that 's when I know . int . f.b.i. headquarters - day 194 tonya , in a business suit with lawyer Bob , meet the f.b.i . tonya ( v.o. ) to this day he have never admit to I , which I would not care anyways , but he 's never admit to I he actually do it . but I know . in that moment I know he plan it and he have it do . int . jeff & tonya 's bedroom / outside bedroom door - day 195 tonya pack furiously as the front door slam . as she hear Jeff approach she quickly lock the bedroom door . he bang . jeff I can not believe it . you give I up . tonya no. I do not ! 77 . jeff the FBI show I you transcript . int . f.b.i. headquarters - office - day 196 Jeff be dumbfounded as he read the report . g- Men gloat . int . jeff & tonya 's bedroom / outside bedroom door - day 197 tonya that 's cheating ! she throw everything she can into the suitcase & zip it up . jeff damn it I tell you they could not prove anything . all I want to do , baby , be protect you . you be all I ever want . she stop momentarily . she consider open the door . jeff ( cont 'd ) honey ? I fuckin’ lose you now do not I ? she rise . but instead she race to the window and open it . tonya what do you want I to say ? I tell they that you do this because you do fuck do this ! jeff tonya , what be I suppose to do ? she throw she suitcase out the open window . she hesitates . tonya i- oh , Jeff ... ( sincerely ) I think - you really need to just kill yourself . then she escape through the window . Jeff stare , open mouth on the other side of the door . he begin to cry . int . shawn 's HOTEL room - night 198 a nervous but excited shawn be interview . 78 . interviewer there be a feel out there that the person who be power mad , who be megalomaniacal be you . and that you have all this fantasy of espionage and that this whole thing be something you cook up to fulfill a derange fantasy . shawn incorrect . um. I be a bodyguard and international counter terrorism expert . I work around the world for espionage agency . interviewer but shawn , you do not . shawn but I do . interviewer but shawn , we have check and you do not . shawn but I do . interviewer but you do not . shawn but I do . um . I have be quote as a expert on terrorism trend and profile - interviewer where ? shawn um . in. I believe it be the - oh ... it be a travel magazine a couple year ago during the Gulf War . int / ext . tonya 's apartment - front - morning 199 tonya step outside and be surrounded on all side by reporter . overwhelm as she head to she car she try to remain ' casual 's but they shout be deafen . 200 201 202 79 . int . clackamus mall - entrance - oregon - morning 200 tonya , mobbed by press , giddy over the attention , make she way to practice . 4000 spectator fill 3 level of the mall . fan hold up homemade sign read , '' Portland be proud of tonya ! '' '' we Love tonya ! deal with it America ! '' many language shout question at tonya . she smile & wave . archival tv footage : 201 connie chung here in Portland Oregon , another day of practice for skater tonya harding . she 's still work out everyday right behind I , fully expect she will compete later this month at the Olympic in Norway . matt lauer Police and the FBI continue to keep look into last week attack on skater Nancy Kerrigan - ABC reporter ..- even as the U.S. figure skate Association convene a hearing panel to consider if there be grounds to remove tonya harding from the american Olympic team . ann curry ..- harding 's former husband say Tuesday that she know about the attack on Nancy Kerrigan from the beginning . int . lloyd CENTER ice rink - oregon - day 202 tonya finish she routine & the crowd cheer . she look up . tonya 's p.o.v - as far as the eye can see , camera be point at she like weapon . lense and flash and click capture she every move . tonya be the most famous woman on earth . 80. 203 int . courthouse - hallway - day 203 Jeff , hair slicked , moustache shin ( if possible ) be lead off in cuff follow by Shane , Derrick & shawn . bulb flash . jeff ( v.o. ) the papers all say I plead guilty , which I do . but not to plan the attack which it turn out do not matter . ( to the camera ) once I know about it and do not report it and try to cover it all up , I be guilty . 204 ext . harding home - front yard - day 204 the press all stand behind red velvet rope shouting and snap picture of lavona take out the trash . martin maddox ( v.o. ) tonya 's mom put out a red velvet rope in front of she house and tell we if we want to take she picture we all have to stand behind it . lavona ( to a reporter who be off side ) get you fat ass where it belong ! martin maddox ( v.o. ) and we did ! 205 int . red neck dive bar - oregon - night 205 Jeff sit where he use to with shawn , now drink alone . jeff ( v.o. ) I make bail but I be charge with racketeer and fine $ 100,000 ... which I never pay . I never talk to shawn again . 206 int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 206 tonya I think be famous would be fun . I be love for a minute . then I be hate . ( more ) 207 81 . tonya ( cont 'd ) then I be a punch line . it be like be abuse all over again . only this time it be by you . all of you . you be all my attacker too . int / ext . tonya 's apartment / front door - day 207 tonya sew extra sequin on a costume , shade draw . the doorbell ring continuously . she stop and take a look around . she 's a prisoner . she move to the front door . finally she open it . tonya could you please just leave I alone ?... for now . she slowly close the door . a quiet beat . banging and ringing continue . tonya 's head drop . she open the door angrily . lavona be stand in the doorway , sheepishly , not meeting she daughter 's gaze . cameras flash . lavona so what 's new ? tonya pull she mother inside and slam the door . they stand awkwardly in the middle of the room . finally : lavona ( cont ’d ) I like you hair pull back like that . make you look young . tonya I be 23 , mom . lavona you seem like you be hold up good . fuck ‘em , you know ? tonya I know . lavona I never do like that Jeff . tonya Mom - 82 . lavona I be not here to say I tell you so . I be not . tonya why be you here ? a beat . lavona I want you to know ... I do not know . I be on you side . I want you to know . tonya watch she . lavona look away . lavona ( cont ’d ) Big crowd out there . a lot of people support you . tonya be silent . lavona ( cont ’d ) you have do good . I be proud of you . tonya well up . lavona ( cont ’d ) all right . I be go . but tonya hug she mom . lavona try to hug she back but can not . lavona ( cont ’d ) hon - do you know about the attack ? tonya step back . lavona ( cont ’d ) you can tell I . tonya almost laugh . she put she hand on lavona 's shoulder . lavona wait . then tonya search lavona 's coat . she pull a tape recorder out of lavona 's pocket . tonya perfect . tonya turn away and throw open the front door . lavona .-- I still mean everything I say . a car alarm ring out as a tow truck attaches itself to tonya 's truck . tonya race out . lavona shout after she . 83. lavona ( cont ’d ) I still mean everything I say ! 208 ext . tonya 's apartment / STREET - day 208 tonya be chase by reporter as she run down the street . martin maddox ( v.o. ) okay - I use to flatten she tire , have she truck tow so we could get a shot of she , ya know ? this be the lst time there be a 24 hour news cycle to fill . we all need that story . tonya race after she tow truck but it be too late . she be hold back tear , she veneer start to crack . 209 int . practice rink - locker room - oregon - day 209 a title cad : 3 week to lillehammer Olympic . Diane help tonya dress . Bob face the wall , chivalrously . tonya this be bullshit . I should not have to apologize for what I do not do . bob tonya there 's talk about not let you skate in the Olympic at all . you need to give they this . we be hang on by a thread here . tonya I earn my place on the team fair and square ! bob well . take out the competition with a retractable baton do not strike everyone that way . tonya I do not know about it ! diane and that 's exactly what you be gonna say . Jesus ! do Jeff do that ? 84 . Bob turn around . bruise scar tonya 's back , leg & arm . tonya I can not fuck focus when I be skate and I keep fall in front of everyone . while Nancy get she own private rink where they catch she before she fall probably and - diane honey . you will apologize and this whole thing will be over . she hand tonya she team USA jacket . tonya okay . I ’1l1 do whatever it take . 210 int . PRESS confrence - 1994 - day 210 tonya stand in front of many microphone smile tightly and read a prepare statement . tonya ( v.o. ) I apologize for ever know or be associate with Jeff which it look like I 'il never stop do ever . tonya I have no prior knowledge of the assault on Nancy Kerrigan . I be responsible however for frailing ( she laugh nervously , whisper excuse I , check she note ) for fail to - 211 int . court room - oregon - day 211 tonya & Bob stand before the judge . tonya look like a kid . tonya ( v.o. ) then when the Olympic Committee threaten to take I off the team , I file a $ 10 million lawsuit against they . I mean , it be get ugly . ( to the camera ) but do you think CBS who be showin’ the game be gonna let this ginormous rating fucker not happen ? 212 213 214 215 216 85 . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 212 tonya the whole entire world be wait for a showdown between I and Nancy . no . I make the team . and I be ready to show you all . int . rink - locker room - lillehammer 1994 - night 213 silence . tonya sit by the mirror in she costume but without a stitch of makeup . she look much young than she 23 year . the air be still but dust float be visible . tonya paint she cheek with lipstick for rouge then wipe it in with she fist . she try to hold it together . slowly , very slowly , she begin to paint she face . despite she best effort , tear begin to fall . she smile into the mirror . lipstick be on she tooth . int . tv studio - night 214 title card : hard copy Offices . kabc - tv Los Angeles . Jeff sit get make up while a microphone be attach . jeff ( v.o. ) I be ask to comment on everything for hard copy . and they pay I a lot which be cool . but Jeff look anything but happy . he look conflict and ashamed as the director point at he to begin . int . rink - lillehammer 1994 - night 215 the enormous crowd in the stand wait but the ice be empty . CBS announcer ( v.o. ) and now the public address be announce tonya harding 's name . it be she turn to be on the ice right now . int . rink - backstage hallway - lillehammer 1994 - night 216 Diane and 2 other frantically try to tie up tonya 's skate . 217 218 86 . CBS announcer ( v.o. ) tonya harding , after she warm up , have a problem with she lace . official watch the lady crouch at tonya 's knee . the crowd be hear clap impatiently in unison . some start boo . CBS announcer 2 ( v.o. ) if she 's not out here I think they be gonna disqualify she . I be not sure . I have never see anything like this before . tonya how long do I have ? diane one minute . tonya a minute ? she tie she lace tight and run out . int . rink - scoring area / gate - lillehammer 1994 - night 217 tonya rush from backstage through the scoring area . tonya it 's not go to hold I !! she step onto the ice . int . rink - ice level - lillehammer 1994 - night 218 tonya step onto the ice then skate over to Diane as the crowd jeer . tonya I be gonna break my ankle . Diane give she a pep talk . tonya look terrify and doom and resolve as she tilt she head to God and say a prayer . she catch she breath and hit she mark . the bizarre music begin . tonya skate gamely but awkwardly . she skate backward as the music soar then jump , give up in the air , arm and leg spread out clumsily . 219 220 221 222 87 . she continue for a few second , arm spread out gracefully , then drop they , give up . she start to cry . tonya look devastate as she skate over to the judge . int . rink - judge 's table - lillehammer 1994 - night 219 tonya throw up she hand then throw she leg up onto they table point to she lace . the judge examine it as the music continue . her face resemble the classic tragedy mask . tonya my lace break ! I can not - I really try to get out she on time . please ... she look humiliate and defiant and at a loss . int . dive bar - oregon - night 220 lavona watch tv solemnly . CBS announcer ( v.o . ) in a situation like this , the judge panel will give she she best opportunity to put out she best performance . thing like this just do not happen ! on the tv - the judge mutter and tonya skate off the ice . CBS announcer 2 ( v.o. ) well I think they be allow tonya to fix she skate ! again , this be every skater recur nightmare . int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 221 tonya wear she big child star smile . tonya could I just say one quick thing about Nancy Kerrigan ? int . rink - ice level - lillehammer 1994 - night 222 tonya perform a series of jump to a smatter of applause . 88 . tonya ( v.o. ) so my lace break which I guess be my fault but really kinda be not and I go out and do the same stuff as everybody else but I do not get the mark cause I do not have a shot with the judge to begin with . 223 int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 223 tonya it be a big story . but I do not need a big story . I be a big story on my own when I skate . I do my best and I get 8th . but Nancy - 224 int . rink - podium - lillehammer 1994 - night 224 Nancy stand on the Olympic platform in second position . tonya ( v.o. ) she go out and give a beautiful skate - I never say different - she win a friggin’ silver medal & when they put that medal round she neck she look like she step in poo . as the medal go on , Nancy look like she step in poo . 225 int . tonya 's house - day - close on : modern day tonya 225 tonya come on ! I mean , how be I the poor sport in all of this ? a judge bang he gavel . tonya ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they postpone my trial until after the Olympic . 226 int . courtroom - oregon - day 226 tonya and Bob stand before a judge . she look at she foot . judge londer tonya harding . you be hereby sentence to 3 year probation , $ 100,000 fine plus $ 10,000 to the d.a. 's office for special cost . another $ 50,000 to set up a fund for the special Olympic . 500 hour community service ; a psychological evaluation - he stop . tonya look up . judge londer ( cont ’d ) - and you immediate resignation from the US figure skate Association - tonya face be blank . judge londer ( cont ’d ) ban you for life from all figure skate Association competition and event . she flinch . this be a surprise to she . tonya no . all I do be hinder prosecution . you be never gonna let I skate again ? I have rather do jail time . they only get 18 month . the judge stare . tonya ( cont 'd ) they get 18 month . i’1l do that . you honor . I do not have education . all I know be skate . I be no one if I be can not - I be not this monster . I be try to do the best with what I know how to - . it 's like you be give I a life sentence . you can not do that . judge londer miss harding . that 's enough - tonya please ! just send I to jail so then I can still skate ! judge londer I have give you my decision . 89 . the judge bang he gavel . her lawyer nudge she , motion for she to take the deal . tonya stare ahead . 227 228 229 230 90 . int . tonya 's apartment - live room - night 227 tonya , alone , hide out in the dark , beer in hand , the only light come from the tv set . on the tv , a late night tv host : tv host ( v.0 . ) the top 10 excuse by tonya harding at the Olympic . # 4 , get scared by Nancy 's giant tooth . # 3 , two word : rental skate . # 2 , get mix up before competition and hit self in knee with lead pipe . and the # 1 excuse by tonya harding : could not land the triple gillooly . the audience cheer . int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff 228 jeff I get a 2 year sentence and do 8 month to the day . int / ext . jeff' house - morning 229 Jeff open he front door and look around cautiously . jeff ( v.o. ) all that craziness , everything I '1l ever be know for , from start to finish be just a few month . before I go to jail , I get up one morning , the press have just disappear . like I dream it . on Jeff 's tv , press coverage of o. J. Simpson 's arrest for kill he ex-wife . int . harding house - close on modern day lavona 230 lavona I never see tonya anymore and this be fine . I could care less . I lead a full life ... I be very happy . the bird peck at lavona 's ear . 231 232 233 234 int . nail salon - day - close on : modern day jeff jeff tonya would never have think of call in a death threat . and I be more catch up in the terrible thing she be say about I rather than the fact that I ruin she career . absolutely ruin it . int . boxing ring - night 91 . 231 232 title card : Creek Nations Gaming Center Tulsa , Oklahoma . 2003 a huge crowd have gather around a box ring . tonya ( v.o. ) once I be ban from figure skate for life , I do not have a lot of option . int . harding house - day close on modern day tonya tonya I do what I hada do to stay in the public eye and pay the bill . int . boxing ring - night tonya and a scary lady boxer trade punch and jab . tonya ( v.o. ) I be the second most know person behind Bill Clinton in the world . that mean something . people still want to see I . so I become a lady boxer . I mean , why not ? violence be always what I know anyway . 233 234 bam ! her opponent slam she with a right to the jaw . tonya momentarily see star . she look out at the crowd . a arena of hate where there use to be love . Ugly face shouting and boo . 235 236 237 238 239 92 . tonya ( v.o. ) America , you know . they want someone to love but they want someone to hate . and they want it easy . the match continue . tonya 's face be beat and batter . tonya ( v.o. ) but what 's easy ? the hater always say , tonya just tell the truth . but there 's no such thing as truth . it 's bullshit . bam ! tonya be hit hard in the face . as she go down - int . ice rink - night 235 tonya 's skate take flight in slow motion . int . boxing ring - night 236 tonya fall in slow motion . tonya ( v.o. ) everyone have they own truth . and life just do whatever the fuck it want . int . ice rink - night 237 tonya do the triple axel . her moment of glory . int . boxing ring - night 238 the crowd in the box ring jeer and cheer as tonya go down . int . ice rink - night 239 tonya come out of the triple axel victoriously . 240 93. int . boxing ring - night 240 tonya hit the matt hard . the crowd be on it 's foot . tonya slowly raise she head . tonya ( v.o. ) that 's the story of my life .... she spit out blood . then right to the camera : tonya and that 's the fuck truth ! she smile . somehow she rise . nothing will keep she down . she begin to fight again . blackout . over the blackness , title card : lavona harding and tonya harding have have no contact in several year . last tonya hear , lavona be live in Washington state behind a porn shop . Jeff gillooly change he name to Jeff Stone . after divorce tonya he marry a woman name Nancy and they open Nancy Nicole 's hair / tanning salon . he be currently a car salesman , happily marry to he third wife and have 2 child . tonya harding do professional landscape , deck building and house painting . she life in close proximity to Jeff gillooly but they have no contact . she be happily marry with a 7 year old son . she want everyone to know she be a good mother . the end.