I 've love you so long by philippe claudel 1 . int . airport cafeteria - day a cafeteria in a quiet airport in the province . few passer - by . a single woman in she mid-40s ( juliette ) sit at a table . sip coffee . gaze around she as if discover something new - she often have a expression of eager surprise , as if see thing , people , place for the first time ever . she seem uncomfortable in the clothes she be wear . at she foot be a old - fashioned suitcase . a young woman ( lea , early 30 ) appear behind juliette . less than a meter away . juliette have not notice she . clearly deeply move , léa quietly observe she for a few second . then , sense a presence , juliette look round . léa lean forward and hug she tight before juliette have time to react . juliette be slightly take aback . she do not return the hug at first . then awkwardly put she arm round léa . 2 . int . lea 's car - day léa be drive . next to she , juliette tug at the sleeve of she sweater . lea be it too big ? juliette no. lea I like that sweater . the skirt , too . I often wear they . juliette do not reply . lea I think it would be better to wait until you arrive to go shopping for clothes . léa glance at juliette . beat . there 's something out of place about juliette . she even sit oddly in the car seat , as if unused to it . lea do you have a good trip ? juliette I do not like fly . léa glance at she again . juliette have you live here long ? lea ten year . I finish my phd here , meet luc , get marry , be offer the job ... the usual stuff . juliette be silent . the camera linger on she face . 3 . int . lea 's house - day léa show juliette into the house . lea welcome to we kingdom ! the kitchen 's over there with the live room opposite , we home office and a library at the far end . upstair , there 's just bedroom . do you want to see yours ? juliette reply by a slight nod and the flicker of a smile . léa lead the way up the stair . on the first landing , she show juliette into a room . lea will it be okay ? juliette Fine . lea that little door lead to you private bathroom . ( glance at she watch ) yikes , I have to pick up the girl ! i’1l be back in half a hour . will you be okay on you own ? juliette nod . léa hurry out . on the landing , she stop in she track . slowly retrace she step , look at juliette and say in a serious tone : lea I be glad you be here . léa give juliette a kiss on the cheek and go . juliette be expressionless . os , foot dash down the stair . the jangle of key . lea ( 0.s. ) take a look round the house , if you want ! the front door thunks close . juliette have not move a inch . she remain motionless like that for a long moment . 4 . int . lea 's house - day montage of juliette 's tour of the house . in the live room , she stroke a cat doze on a chair . in a study , she run she hand over the back of a couch . gaze at frame photo . in the kitchen , she pour herself a glass of water . drink slowly , lean back against the fridge . upstair , juliette open a door . a child 's bedroom . she close the door hurriedly . she open another door . a library full of book . with a single bed and two chair . sitting in one of the chair , a elderly man be read . juliette I be sorry , I ... I do not think anyone be home . the old man look up without a word and smile at she . juliette I ... my name 's juliette . I be léa 's sister . still not a word . just a kindly smile . juliette like I say , I be very sorry . smiling , the old man go back to he book , as if indifferent to she presence . 5 . ext / int . lea 's house - day léa close the back door of the car . she have a two - year - old girl ( emelia ) in she arm . another little girl , ( clelis , know as Little lili ) wait on the sidewalk . she look 8 - 9 year old . both girl be asian . lea lili , open the gate , will you ? you know it 's hard when I be carry emelia . they go through the gate into the small front garden . lili be auntie juliette go to stay with we forever ? lea no , sweetheart , just some time . be nice to she , okay ? she 's tired . do not pester she . they enter the house . lea juliette ? it 's we ! juliette come down the stair . the kid gaze up at she . as soon as she reach the bottom step , lili rush over . lili hello , auntie ! juliette seem quite distant , or maybe just ill at ease . lili stand on tiptoe to give she a kiss . juliette hesitates fractionally before give she a kiss back . emelia gurgle the word '' auntie '' repeatedly . lea this be my two princess , clélis - but everybody call she Little lili - and little miss emelia . give juliette a nice smile , sweety ! lili auntie , come and see my bedroom ! lea do not start ! go straight into the kitchen . there 's milk and biscuit on the table . chop , chop . the two girl run off into the kitchen . lea do you look round the house ? juliette yes , I ... I go into the library . there be a old man ... lea of course , silly I , I should have warn you . that 's luc 's father . lili ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) papy Paul ! his brain 's go all mushy and he lose he tongue ! lea lili ! he have a bad stroke three year ago . he have not speak a word since . he spend all day read . you 'il see , he 's a lovely man . 6 . int . kitchen - evening dinner time . the whole family be round the table : léa , the two girl , juliette , papy Paul - smile dumbly - and luc , léa 's husband , also in he early - mid 30 . the two young girl be very excited . léa make a big effort to seem relaxed . juliette still seem a little strange , as if everything be new to she . and luc just seem a bit uptight . luc have you ever be to the lorraine region before ? juliette no , this be the first time . luc everybody think it 's just like be in Germany , that it 's freezing cold all the time ... lili it be ! luc not all the time . lea just eat you dinner ! juliette be you bear here ? luc yes , but my dad come from Poland . he arrive after the war . be not that right , dad ? the old man merely smile a little more insistently than usual . lea luc 's mum be Russian . he marry a girl who 's half - french , half - English . and we two daughter be viet . it 's all the color of benetton in this house . lili you have lose you accent , mummy , but auntie juliette still have one . lea well , she grow up in England . luc anybody see the water jug ? lea Katrina break it and I have not have time to buy another . ( to juliette ) Katrina 's the cleaner . she come every Thursday . hide anything fragile . she 's always break thing . that 's why we call she Katrina . because she leave a trail of devastation behind she ! her real name 's Marie - paule . juliette ( to luc ) léa say you do research at the university ? lea ( jokily ) you two sound like we be at a party full of stranger . lili daddy 's a lexicolographer . luc lexicographer 's good enough for I . we unit be work on a interactive , intuitive dictionary that can be reactivate in real time . lea it 's you guy that need to reactivate . in seven year , they have only get to ' C '. even the académie frangaise go faster than that . luc there 's no comparison . that remind I , there be a message on the machine from one of you student , a guy call bamaké or bakamé , something like that . a problem with he mark , I think . lea bamakalé ? I do not believe it ! he will not give up . lili why do not we ever meet you before , auntie ? everyone fall silent . juliette do not know what to say . luc glance anxiously at léa . the two girl do not seem to notice . papy Paul keep on eat , smile away . juliette I be ... away . for a very long time . léa change the subject . a little too quickly . she hand juliette a dish . lea do you want some more ? juliette no , thanks . lea do not you like it ? juliette it 's very good , but ... lili where be you away ? luc ( snap ) be this some kind of interrogation ! leave you aunt in peace ! eat ! 7 . int . lea & luc 's bedroom - night léa and luc be ready for bed . luc how long do she plan on stay ? lea how should I know ? as long as she need . a few week , a few month ... be it a problem ? luc to be honest , yes . okay , she 's you sister , but ... lea but what ? luc you hear lili . she want to know . lea so ? luc her be '' away '' will not work for long . lea it 'il work as long as it work , we 'il see . luc '' we 'il see ! we will see ! '' you make I laugh . what be you go to say to she ? the truth ? lea luc , do not give I a hard time . this be we first evening . I have just get my sister back . I do not know if you realize what that mean . I have just get she back . luc you hardly know she . just because you go to see she a couple of time for a few hour in the last few month do not ... you be only a teenager when she - lea be quiet ! luc okay , I 'il be quiet . quiet as a mouse . ( beat ) but think of we a little , too . 8 . int . juliette 's bedroom - night juliette stand by the window . we can vaguely make out the garden below . juliette be still wear léa 's clothes léa . she go over to the bed . sit on the edge , as if she plan to spend the whole night like that . fade to black : 9 . int . kitchen - day it 's total , happy , bubbly chaos in the kitchen . the girl be finish they breakfast . léa be a whirl of fevere activity . still in he pyjamas , papy Paul slurp coffee from a bowl , smile as_ always . juliette observe the scene , lean against the wall with a mug of tea in one hand . 10 lea C ’mon , kid ! chop , chop , we be gonna be late ! lili be not we always ? lea emelia , what be you do ? what be you do ? I do not believe it ! emelia have smear yoghurt all over she dress . lea I 'il have to change you dress now . lili , finish up quickly . léa dash out with emelia in she arm . papy Paul leave also . juliette and Little lili be alone . lili do not you eat breakfast ? juliette it depend . lilt I be never hungry in the morning . ever since I be a little girl . mummy get so angry ! do you ever see I when I be little , when mummy and daddy bring I back from Vietnam ? juliette sure . lili I do not believe you . you nose be get longer . ( beat ) daddy ! luc have just enter . Little lili throw she arm round he . luc ( awkwardly ) Morning , juliette . do you sleep well ? 10 . ext . school gate - day léa and Little lili get out of the car and join the flow of mother and child . léa turn and lean towards the passenger side window . lea you be not come ? 11 juliette I ’1l1 wait here . lili ' bye , auntie ! juliette look overwhelm by it all . she do not answer . Little lili and léa walk toward the gate . lea I put some more canteen ticket in you bag . lilt I notice . lea you gym stuff be in there , too . try not to lose anything this time . lili mummy ? lea what ? lili auntie 's a bit weird , be not she ? lea what make you say that ? lili I do not know . she do not say much . lea give she time to adapt , eh ? go on , go ! a kiss and Little lili walk into school . lea ask Madame rouyer if she find you pink beret ! 11 , int . lea 's car - day juliette be in the passenger seat . léa 's face loom up at the window . juliette stare straight ahead , breathe heavily . léa walk round and get in behind the wheel . lea be you okay ? juliette nod several time , she breath rasp slightly . 12 lea sure ? juliette yes . léa pull out and drive in silence for a moment . beat . juliette shrug . lea the police station be close to the university . I be teach for two hour , but we can meet up after , if you want ? there 's a nice café just opposite the campus gate . juliette okay . lea you know what they want to see you for ? juliette I have to sign in at regular time . lea do not you ever see anyone ? I mean , do anyone come to see you ? juliette the visitor . lea ( beat ) do you hate I ? juliette what for ? lea for never come to see you . lea I write at first . juliette I never receive any letter . lea one evening , dad see I . mummy and he give I a real roasting . they ban I from write . they say you ... you 13 do not exist . I be a kid then you know . juliette I mean to tell you ... lea what ? juliette it be the social service who come up with the idea to call you just before I get out , not I . lea I be glad they do . beat . lea I be glad they do . 12 . int . waiting room , police station - day juliette sit on a bench with a old lady beside she . the old lady glance at juliette . smile . juliette smile back . beat . the old lady glance at she again . old lady be you report a crime , too ? juliette no . just then , a inspector appear . plain clothes , same age as juliette . inspector juliette fontaine ? juliette yes . inspector follow I , please . 13 . int . inspector 's office - day juliette sit opposite the Inspector he flick through a file , pore over a couple of page , go back a few page and re-read , frown , but not hostile or judgmental - friendly almost . he close the file . inspector 14 I see you be a doctor . juliette be . I be strike off the medical register . inspector make no difference . once a doctor always a doctor . it 's like I . I x11 always be a cop . ( suddenly ) you have a pretty name . I do not like my name , but fontaine be very pretty . it bring to mind gurgle water stream , river ... the orinoco . you know the orinoco ? no ? he use he pen to point to a poster on the wall behind he , which show a broad swathe of a unidentifiable river . inspector there ’1l1 be no more fountain soon . municipality be close they down - even in tiny village . they be fill with earth and make into flower bed . stupid geranium , usually . ( switch topic again ) I will not hassle you . the law say we have to see each other , so we see each other , but I will not give you any bother . do you have a job ? juliette not yet . inspector a place to stay . lea with my sister . inspector that 's nice . family 's important . you be lucky . I live alone . divorce . small apartment . small bed . anyway , you do not want to hear all that . he get up , go to the door . inspector see you in two week ? juliette Goodbye . inspector Goodbye . 15 14 . int / ext . university campus - day léa walk down a hallway . group of student hang out , shoot the breeze . léa nod to a colleague go the other way . she enter the staff room , check through the mail in she box , throw some stuff away . she open and scan one letter . then another that make she roll she eye . lea not he again ! he 's a real pain ! another colleague ( michel ) approach and whisper into léa 's ear . michel one of you many lover write to you ? léa do not look round , just keep read . lea if only ! bamakalé ! michel ah ha ! prosper napoleon bamakalé , descendant of ancient togolese royalty , son of a prince of royal blood , repeat he first year for the third time . lea I be get fond of he , actually . I keep tell he it 's not a mistake , but he do not get it . michel tell I about it ! I have he all last year . be you off ? lea I be do for the day . michel I x11 walk you to you car . they step outside without a break in they conver sation . michel have you finish mark you mid - term ? lea almost . I have ten or so leave to do . michel 16 lucky you ! I have not even start . every time I look at the pile on my desk , I feel so exhaust . lea get a move on though , the Dean want all the mark in by the 18 " . michel the Dean ! ( change subject ) what do you decide for that conference I tell you about ? lea we 'il see . léa see juliette wait by the car . lea you be already here ? I think we be meeting in the café . juliette it do not take very long . lea Michel , this be juliette , my sister . juliette , this be Michel , a colleague . michel hello ... ( to léa ) you never tell I you have a sister and a very pretty one at that . lea do not listen to he . Michel 's a specialist on love letter from the 16 " century to the present day . and it rub off on he . ( to Michel ) Friday of next week , be you free ? michel why ? lea dinner at we house , with samir and kaisha . michel I should be able to make it . can I let you know next week ? lea 17 sure . do not forget you mark . michel Goodbye , juliette . juliette Goodbye . lea c’mon , let 's go shopping . 15 . int . tea room - day juliette and léa be sit at a table with a cup of tea each and a plate of cake . on the chair next to they and at they foot be shopping bag for rom various store . lea good ? juliette ( nod ) you remember bouchard 's in rouen ? lea no. juliette it be a bit like this . I use to take you there on a Wednesday after you ballet lesson . lea with Old mother stabush ? juliette fat Old mother stabush ! lea she could not even do point anymore . I remember she have a moustache , too . we be all scared of she . juliette I be at uni and I always pick you up and take you to bouchard 's . you have a cream puff every time . lea ( tremulously ) I do not remember . juliette 18 you be only seven or eight . there be always stack of old lady in there ... lea ( like it 's a real drama ) why do not I remember ? juliette you sit there so proud . a proper little lady with you cream cake . lea ( tear up ) I do not even remember it . juliette suddenly realize that léa be distraught . juliette do not worry , you be only little . 16 . int . little lili 's bedroom - evening the door open . Little lili and juliette enter the bedroom , follow by emelia . lili ( to emelia ) no , you be not come in ! out ! it 's my room ! you can show she yours later . ( close the door ) kid sister be so annoying ! be mummy like that when she be little ? juliette she be not too bad . lili be she you real sister ? juliette yes . lili you be granny lizbeth 's daughter , too ? juliette that 's right . lili okay , this be the doll graveyard . she open a suitcase fill with a dozen doll . lilt I do not like doll , so when someone give I one , I bury it in here right 19 away . that 's my computer . I watch dvd on it mostly and type up my schoolwork . that 's what I make for mother 's Day , but Katrina break it . she say it be not she , but she 's a liar ! that be my book ... lea ( 0.s. ) dinner time ! juliette do you read a lot ? juliette run she finger along the spine of the book . linger over one she apparently remember from she childhood , call model Little lady . lili less than papy Paul , but quite a lot yes . this be my secret diary - well , it 's not so secret see as I leave it out and everybody can read it . I write poem in it . do you want I to read you one ? juliette ( recoil ) no. lili please , auntie ! just a little one . juliette ( snap ) no. I say no ! Little lili look at she in amazement . juliette scurries out of the room . 17 . int . live room - day juliette be with a plump , smile young woman ( the social worker ) . they each sit on a couch face each other across a coffee table . social worker you be lucky to have you sister , she family and a home . juliette so I have be tell . social worker it 's true , though . most people , when they get out , do not know where to go . nobody want they . they spouse almost always file for divorce . 20 juliette I get that out of the way before I go in . social worker yes , it 's in you file . right , well , the course you do at centrale will be very useful . people always need secretary . be you it skill up to speed ? juliette I do all the update whenever I get the chance . social worker that 's good . I get you a interview at this company ... ( hand juliette a card ) they be look for someone . you have a appointment with a monsieur dupuis . we 'il be meeting regularly , but if you have any question or anything , do not hesitate to call I at the office ... juliette right . social worker I have to go now . you have people you can talk to , and there 's only two of we in the department . ( beat ) I like the house . they get up . juliette walk she to the door . they say goodbye . outside , léa park she car and get out . she meet the Social Worker by the gate . they nod . léa enter . lea be that the social worker ? juliette yes . lea she seem sweet enough . juliette people whose role be to rummage through you life often seem sweet enough . léa glance curiously at she sister . put she bag down . thinks ... 21 lea I guess you be right . we have that , too - luc and I - when we adopt . visit for this , visit for that , social worker , shrink , and even a idiot doctor who have luc walk up and down in he underpant in he office with he arm stretch out ! I think luc be go to strangle he . he really resent all the question and pry ... tea ? 18 . int . kitchen - day léa be make tea . juliette stand close by . lea it take nearly two year for Little lili and a bit less for emelia . the first time we spend three month in Vietnam . we fall in love with the place and would have happily stay longer . we have Little lili with we almost the whole time , at the hotel , but the bureaucracy and all the formality take forever . katrina ( 0.s. ) léa ? lea yes , Marie - paule ? katrina ( 0.s. ) shall I do the crystal , too ? lea no , do not worry , leave it ! I 'il do it ! do the cupboard door , will you ? juliette how old be Little lili ? lea two . but she look half that . juliette you meet she mother ? lea no . but I have she address if ever she want to contact she . that be very important for we . we do not want she to run into a brick wall later if she try to find she . emelia , on the other hand ... well , we get absolutely no information . she 'il never know ... 22 juliette how old be she ? lea she be tiny ! barely three week old . beat . juliette be it luc or you who could not have kid ? lea neither of we . we be both fertile . ( beat ) I do not want a child of my own . juliette because of I ? no answer . juliette because of what I do ? beat . lea I never try to work out why . 19 . int . dupuis 's office - day monsieur dupuis , early 5as , smug , sit behind he desk , talk on the phone . juliette sit opposite he . dupuis yes , well ... so what ?... that 's not my problem . we pay you to deliver we order , so you deliver it , period ! Goodbye ! he hang up . gaze at juliette . dupuis right , where be we ... I will not beat around the bush . I be not a charity . I want skilled , hard - work staff . the rest be not my problem . Mrs ... what 's she name again ? balboukian ? juliette that 's right . dupuis . say that you be up to speed with Excel , dtp and the whole shebang . right ? 23 juliette I pass all the test . dupuis and you speak English ? juliette and Spanish . dupuis I do not give a shit about Spanish but we have a lot of client across the Channel . there 's stack of stuff that need translate ... how long be you in jail ? juliette Fifteen year . dupuis ( whistle ) jeez ! you knock off the President or something ? no answer . dupuis what do you do ? still no answer . dupuis I want to know . what do you do to get so long ? kill someone ? do you ? juliette yes . dupuis who ? you husband ? lover ? another woman ? no answer . dupuis I be talk to you . who do you kill ? juliette my son . my six - year- old son . the blood seep out of dupuis 's face . he drop the pencil he be fiddling with and push back in he chair . beat . he get slowly to he foot . dupuis 24 ( rasp ) get out ! get the hell out of my office ! 20 . int . cafe - day juliette be in a small bar , near the window , watch event outside and in . at the bar a guy , who 's good - look and know it , talk animatedly with another guy and the waitress . nothing of they conversation filter over , except the occasional burst of laughter . juliette glance over a couple of time , when they laugh particularly loudly . eventually , the guy notice juliette , and watch she while continue he conversation with the other . after a while , he come over . without ask , he take a seat at juliette 's table . guy you want my photo ? juliette do not answer . guy have we meet ? juliette I do not think so . guy why be you stare at I then ? what do you want ? juliette nothing . I be not stare at you . guy bullshit ! you keep eying I up . you look for a man ? juliette smile , amused by he question . then , she eye he up and down . 21 . int . HOTEL room - day juliette lie pensively in bed , the sheet pull up to she chin . the guy come out of the bathroom and finish dress . guy be it good ? juliette gaze at he before answer . juliette no . not at all . but it 's okay . 25 the guy look furious . he mumble something , grab he jacket and storm out . the camera hold on juliette , who have not move a inch . 22 . ext . park - day léa and juliette walk side by side , chat . the two little girl run ahead . Wide shot . then the camera be right behind they . the child be already stand at some animal cage . lili auntie , look ! they be monkey . sometimes they spit at people . they all stop by the monkey cage . Little lili and emelia pull face . lili it 's not fair lock they up . they have not do anything . prison be for bad people , not animal ? be not that so , mummy ? eh , auntie ? léa grab Little lili by the shoulder . lea we be go ! lili what do I do ? lea nothing , get you sister . we 'il go and buy you some waffle . the two girl race ahead once more . juliette do not be silly . léa do not answer . they walk along in silence . juliette do you think you can erase fifteen year of you life like that ? just by not talk about it ? do you think I be asleep the whole time , like in some kind of fairy tale ? then , one morning , the good fairy léa come to wake I up ? 23 . int . lea & luc 's bedroom - night léa be in bed , read a book . 26 léa sit on the edge of the bed , listen to the soccer result on a transistor radio . radio announcer ( 0.c. ) auxerre beat sochaux 3 - 2 . lens and lille draw 2 - 2 in the big northern derby . Monaco lose to bordeaux 2 - 1 . saint-etienne defeat marseille 3 - 0 . psg lose to Nancy at home by 3 goal to 1 ... luc yes ! psg lose ! ha ha ! they can stick it up they ass ! he flick off he radio . luc what be you do ? lea can not you see ? I be peel potato . luc very funny . jeez , 3 - 1 ! ( rub he hand together ) Michel 's gonna be in such a bad mood . luc lie back and gaze at the ceiling . luc be the chicklet asleep ? lea after all the run they do , they be flat out at seven . luc what about you sister ? lea what about she ? be she asleep , do you mean ? luc no ... what do ... I do not know ... do you talk ? lea yes . we talk . luc do you ask she ... lea what ? 27 luc you know ... why ? why she do it ? lea ( wide - eye ) what the hell be wrong with you ? luc well , what do you talk about then ? lea sister thing . luc you be shitting I ! lea what do you expect I to say ? it all take time . it 's not easy . my parent banish any think of my sister from my head . now , I have get she back . it 's like a re-birth . what happen before be ... oh , just let I sleep ! she put she book down , turn off she light and roll over . 24 . int . dine room - evening dessert have be serve . around the table be léa , luc , papy Paul , Michel , juliette and another couple - samir and he young , pregnant wife , kaisha . through the partition door , we see Little lili and emelia asleep on the couch , fully dress . at table , the atmosphere be upbeat with all the guest laugh and joke happily . sitting next to Michel , juliette seem quite relaxed , too , but still a little reserve . just like luc , who occasionally glance apprehensively at she . the conversation open 0.s. , the time it take for the camera to track past the two kid into the dining room . michel ( 0.s. ) and you know you father back I 100 % on this one . do not you , papy Paul ? luc ( 0.s . ) you must be joke ! dad 's the most loyal supporter Nancy have ever have . be not you , dad ? he reach for the salad bowl . 28 léa nod . lea watch out ! I glue it back together but I be not promise anything . michel Katrina ? samir Michel , it 's outrageous that you have live in lorraine for year and you still support a team that 's mostly make up of brazilian . michel mostly ? only two brazilian play for psg ! you do not know what you be talk about ! anyway , you 'il bore juliette ! juliette unlikely ! I love football . I play a lot when I be a teenager . lea seriously ? juliette you be too small to remember . michel the perfect woman ! beautiful , intelligent and love football . juliette except for the supporter . samir take that ! michel please , samir , I will not let a afghan surgeon pay by al - qaida to run amok in french hospital beat I in a argument about football . luc can you play on Sunday ? kaisha forget it . he be say earlier that he have a zillion exam to mark . samir 29 that 's the third week run you have bail on we . michel yeah , it 's be three week that two hundred papers have be sit on my desk , wait for I to mark they . juliette you play football together ? the camera close in on Michel and juliette . os , the buzz of the other 's conversation . juliette nod . michel we try . some day , there 's only ten of we and some day forty people turn up to play , which get a bit crazy . you should come watch we one day . juliette why not . michel do you like it here ? michel léa say you live down south for a long time . juliette that 's right . michel where ? juliette carcassonne . michel right , it 's pretty down there . the Black Mountain and all that . toulouse not far away ... juliette do you come from Paris ? michel yes , but I get bored of it . I go back as infrequently as possible . life 's good here . if you can put up with lunkhead like this guy ! they smile at each other . 25 . int . library , lea and luc 's house - day 30 juliette quietly enter papy Paul 's room . he sit in he usual chair , read . he look up and smile at juliette . juliette can I sit with you a while ? she sit in the chair opposite he . papy Paul go back to he book . beat . juliette begin to talk . papy Paul smile at she . juliette where I be until recently , I always keep a few book near my pillow . I sense they presence at night when I turn over . it reassure I . she lean forward to see the title of the book he 's read : sylvie by nerval . juliette I read and re-read that one . not so much as a mean of escape but like a dream . 26 . int . inspector 's office - day juliette be sit opposite the Inspector as in the previous scene . inspector during the week , I eat can food mostly - lentil and sausage or beef stew . that be my favourite . I eat in front of the tv onsometime , I do not even heat they up . I can not cook to save my life and I can not be bother to learn . I have some green vegetable at the weekend . Doctor 's order . do you agree with he ? juliette definitely . you can not just eat tin food . inspector I guess ... what about egg ? juliette they be okay , but not every day . inspector no , I usually boil or fry one up ona Sunday and eat it in front of the tv. do you watch tv ? 31 juliette no. inspector not even when you be in prison ? juliette no. inspector I see . I think everybody in prison watch tv . I force myself . it 's a kind of punishment . there 's something totally ugly about it . like a pile of rubbish that 's deliver to you door . every evening , I feel like the heap 's bigger and uglier than the day before . and it smack I in the face . ( beat ) how about you ? everything okay ? 27 . int . faculty building - day juliette wait in a hallway . a door open and student file out . juliette venture in . léa stand on a raise dais , gather she thing together , while talk to a black student dress in suit and tie . lea we x11 check as soon as we can , Mr. bamakalé , but I can not see why the computer would have make a mistake . bamakale it make two last year alone , miss . and every time , I be the aggrieve party . lea in any case , the server be down right now , so be patient and stop send I note every other day . ( see juliette ) you x11 have to excuse I , I have a appointment . léa go over to juliette . lea be I glad to see you ! let 's get out of here . I think you be go straight home . juliette I want to talk . 32 28 . int . cafe - day juliette and léa sit at a table . silence . lea it be a minor intestinal haemorrhage , but they keep he in for test . he be riddled with cancer . he die two month later . juliette when exactly ? lea March 4 , 1999 . when we find out he have no chance of pull through , I want to tell you . I have a huge fight with mummy , and she go and tell he . he make I promise never to contact you . he be cry . his voice come out in a feeble rasp . he be hook up to dozen of tube . he weigh barely more than fifty kilo . I cry , too . and I promise he . I be sorry . lea do you ever think of we , when you be down there ? juliette down there ? that make it sound so pretty and nice . '' down there '' be a prison . she show anger for the first time . awkward silence . juliette do you know what a prison be ? hour and day in prison ? year in prison ? the outside world leave you behind . life leave you behind . everything leave you behind . juliette ( calmer ) be she still live at beaufan ? lea mummy ? no . I have to find a home for she . she live with we , at first , then two year after dad die , she begin to lose she memory . now , she do not recognize anyone . when I go to see she , she think I be a nurse or a neighbour or something . 33 juliette they never speak about I ? léa shake she head . juliette what do they tell other people ? lea anybody who know the family know better than to mention it . anybody else think I be they only daughter . juliette they think that or they be tell that ? lea they be tell that ? juliette who tell they ? mum and dad ? lea yes . juliette and you ? léa do not answer . tear well in she eye . lea they fill my head with it . beat . juliette glance round the bar . change the subject . juliette ( lighter ) I sleep with a guy last week . lea you do what ? juliette ( smile ) I sleep with a guy . léa stop cry . begins to laugh . lea who ? where ? juliette a guy I meet in a café . we get a room in a hotel . 34 lea just like that ? juliette just like that . they both burst out laugh . 29 . int . spare room - day in a spare room , pile high with box , juliette and Little lili sit side by side at a old piano . emelia sit on the floor . juliette teach Little lili a song ( a la Claire fontaine ) . the piano need tuning . juliette no , look ! G , G , B , B , a , B , G , G , G , B , B , a , B ... try again . Little lili plunk out the tune . juliette that 's better ! spread you finger more , like that ... good . and hit the key harder . lili it 's not easy , auntie ! juliette stop ! G , G , B , B , a ! you have to change note . lili I 'il never get it right . juliette of course , you will ! I use to play this with you mummy , you know . lili with mummy ? juliette sure . lilt mummy play the piano ? I do not believe you . juliette she use to be very good . this tune be one of we favourite . lili because it 's call fontaine like you ? 35 juliette smile and nod . lili I never see mummy play ! she will not let I play piano . she want I to learn the flute . if she see we in here , she 'il be so angry ! juliette no , she will not . do not worry . 30 . int . office , hospital - day a woman sit behind a desk . juliette sit opposite she . the woman finish read a file and close it . woman you have all the qualification for the job . but in this instance , even if it 's just a secretary 's job , I have to refer it to the director of the hospital who will make the final decision . if he approve it , nobody here must ever know that you be a doctor . and especially that you ... you know what I mean . juliette be about to say something . woman do not thank I , I be not do it for you . 31 . int . live room - day reclining on the couch , with book and note all around she , léa prepare a lecture . luc enter with a mug of tea and put it on the coffee table . léa thanks he without look up . luc go over to the window . outside , juliette walk in the garden . Little lili be also out there , run all over the place , but juliette do not pay she any attention . luc you would not guess , look at she . lea ( mile away ) what ? luc she look totally normal . léa perk up suddenly , glance out the window , then at luc . 36 lea stop it ! luc what ? maybe you have prefer to forget what she do , but I can not ! lea leave she alone ! 32 . int . swimming pool - day a big , oval swim pool . juliette and léa float next to each other , arm and leg outstretch . juliette what do you want to do ? lea I ? I could not have become a doctor like you . they would have freak , but there be never any chance of that . I be always more attract to literature and language . the day I tell they , I could see the relief on they face . ( beat ) the water 's great , be not it ? juliette smile and nod . monsieur lucien ( 0.s. ) hello there , léa ! the camera pull back to reveal monsieur lucien , a paunchy 65 - year - old , with a Clark gable moustache , gold chain and signet ring , and a spray - on tan . lea hi , monsieur lucien . how be you ? monsieur lucien very well . be not you go to introduce I ? lea of course . this be my sister juliette . ( to juliette ) monsieur lucien 's a regular here . monsieur lucien you sister ? I see . hello ! lea 37 that 's right , my sister . she 's off limit , monsieur lucien ! he chuckle and walk on . lea he come down here to try to chat up woman . he x11 hit on anyone , young or old . juliette do he ever get anywhere ? lea you have be surprised ! léa glance at juliette as she float in the water , eye close . she reach out she hand and brushes she finger over a small scar on juliette 's thigh . lea I be run to you for a hug . I jump up and you trip over a branch . I can still see the blood pour from the wound and you face go deathly white ... I think you be go to die , all because of I . 33 . int . kitchen - day luc sit with he two daughter . he hand emelia a yoghurt , then go back to read the sport page of the paper . Little lili be on papy Paul 's lap , also eat yoghurt . lili when 's mummy come home ? luc I do not know . soon. lili and auntie ? luc I have no idea . lilt be they together ? lili I have not a clue . eat up ! beat . lili 38 do not auntie juliette have a job ? luc why have you ask ? lili no reason . I just think she must have a job because she 's pretty old now . luc have he nose in the paper . lili well ? what 's she job ? luc you ask she , smarty - pants . can not you see I be try to do some work ? 34 , int . juliette 's room - evening in the darkness , juliette watch the rain fall on the back garden . there be papers scattered on she bed , and what look to be a photograph . 35 . int . social worker 's office - day social worker well , that just about cover everything . come back and see I ina few week . meanwhile , I x11 call the hospital to see what 's happen . it would be the perfect job for you . I x11 be in touch . she walk to the door with juliette . take out a cigarette . offer one to juliette as they go out into the hallway . juliette no , thanks . social worker I be wonder ... I read you file and the note on you trial ... you never say a word throughout the investigation and the trial . why ? no answer . social worker you even refuse to talk to the psychologist . they report run to two line . something about a lethal injection '' foreshadow the choice of silence '' . I do not really get that . 39 juliette ( furious ) and you think I be go to talk to you now ? she storm off . 36 . ext . STREET - evening léa and luc walk arm in arm down the road . luc it 's be age since you drop by the lab to pick I up . lea do you miss it ? luc yeah , I like it when you surprise I . lea how about a movie and then dinner ? luc sure . lea be there anything you really want to see ? there 's a kurosawa retrospective at the cameo . luc no way ! japanese film always put I to sleep . lea well , they be probably still show the shop around the corner . luc good idea . I have not see that in so long ! but that mean we 'il be back really late , if you want to go for dinner afterwards . lea it 'il be fine . beat . luc be you sure Katrina do not mind ? lea what 's Katrina get to do with anything ? 40 luc she 's look after the girl , be not she ? lea no , I ask juliette . luc you ask you sister to look after we daughter ? have you lose you mind ? she kill she kid , remember ! that 's insane ! 37 . ext / int . luc & lea 's house - evening luc screech to a halt outside the house . he leap out of the car , race up the path and into the house . luc ( heart pound ) lili ? emelia ? lili !!! juliette rush out of the live room with a book in she hand . luc ( bark ) where be my daughter ? where be they ? juliette upstair . they be asleep . we have dinner early and they be tired , so ... before she can finish , luc dash upstairs . juliette be stunne . léa arrive . juliette you be back already ? what 's wrong with luc ? léa look awkwardly at she sister . 38 . int . fine art museum - day juliette stroll through the empty museum . she stop in she track when she come to a large ultra - realistic painting of a woman in mourn about to throw herself into a grave at the bottom of which lie a coffin . other woman hold she back . Men in dark suit and top hat stand in the background . michel ( 0.s. ) it 's call grief . 41 juliette be startle . juliette you startle I . michel hi. ( beat ) impressive , be not it ? juliette who paint it ? michel emile friant . famous when he be alive , totally forget since he death in the 1930s . i’1l show you another of he that be my favourite . come on ... they walk into the next room . Michel stop at a small painting show a young woman 's face against a snowy landscape . michel the first time , I see it , it blow I away . she look exactly like a girl I be in love with in my early 20 . I be crazy about she . she do not even see I , though . this be my revenge . she 's imprison in a frame and I can look at she whenever I want . she can not say a thing . 39 . ext . sidewalk cafe - day juliette and Michel be have lunch . michel léa be amazing . she 's one of the best specialist in France in she field . but she do not have the killer instinct . in we work , you have to trample over people to get ahead . juliette do you have that killer instinct ? michel do I look like I do ? juliette I do not know you well enough . michel no . I be not into that anymore . 42 juliette you be ? what change ? michel nothing . everything . life . life change we . léa tell I you be look for a job . juliette yes , I have a interview for a secretary 's job at the hospital . michel Secretary ? that 's what you do ? juliette yes . I mean , no . it 's complicated . michel ( smile ) in that case , I x11 shut up . ( raise he glass ) to you ! juliette to the girl in the museum ! michel Christ , no ! they laugh . 40 . int / ext . car / retirement home - day léa park she car . lea well ? juliette no , I have rather not . I x11 wait here for you . léa grab a bouquet of flower off the backseat . lea I will not be long . she get out . sitting in the car , juliette glance up at the window of the building that léa enter . eventually , she get out of the car , pace up and down the pavement , stop , lean against the car . in the garden of the retirement home , old people sit quietly on bench . 43 suddenly , léa appear at one of the window , open the curtain . a old lady be stand next to she with she back to the window . angle on juliette . her eye fill with tear . 41 , int . cafe - day juliette enter . glance round the café . the Inspector get up and wave to she . juliette go over . they sit down . inspector you do not mind that I suggest we meet here ? I be sick of my office . juliette no , I like café . it 's one of the thing I miss most when I be in prison . the noise , the atmosphere , the smoke and the buzz of conversation . the Inspector notice she have wet hair . inspector be it raining ? juliette no , I have be swim . inspector you swim ? I , too , but not in swim pool . I tell you about the orinoco , do not 1 ? juliette yes , the first time we meet . inspector it 's a huge , huge river . over 1,500 mile long . it never end . and it 's powerful . rapid , waterfall , flood plain ... juliette you have see it for real ? inspector not yet . it 's a project of mine . we 'il see . it 's not easy . I have a young daughter . she life with she mother and I do not see she often . her mother move away . and my daughter have move away from I , too . you know , the orinoco be a real mystery . several expedition have set out to find its source and none of they have ever really succeed . they find little stream , but not the real source . it 's fascinating , be not it ? we know everything nowadays , but we can not find the source of a river . ( beat ) I sign and approve the papers . juliette sorry ? inspector for the job at the hospital . they ask for my opinion . juliette thanks . inspector no problem . ( the waiter arrive ) what will you have ? 42 . int . kitchen - evening the family dinner be over . papy Paul leave the table . juliette begin wash up . Little lili be finish she dessert . léa be not there . luc lili , when you finish , brush you tooth and straight to bed . do not wake you sister . lili when 's mummy come home ? luc after she meeting . lili late ? luc I expect so . go on , I 'il come up and give you a kiss . Little lili hurry out . luc and juliette be alone . luc seem ill at ease . juliette keep on wash up . luc how do it go at the bank ? 45 juliette they let I open a account , but they will not give I a chequebook until I get a job . luc any news from the hospital ? juliette not a word . beat . juliette do not worry , luc , I will not bother you much longer . i’11 find something else . luc ( feebly ) I never mean for you to think - lili ( 0.s. ) I want a story ! luc ( gratefully ) come right up , sweetheart . he exit . juliette wipe the table . luc reappear , displease . luc she want you to read she a story . 43 . int . little lili 's bedroom - night juliette sit on the bed , read . Little lili be fast asleep . juliette '' the old man smile and for a moment , it seem to baji that he host be a boy of he own age , or a young girl , or a infant . in the sky , the silver star twinkle and the moon rise , as full as a woman 's tummy ... '' juliette realize that Little lili be asleep . she quietly close the book . and gaze at the child . impassively . eerily . eventually , she lean forward and kiss Little lili with real emotion for the first time . 46 in the doorway , léa watch . juliette turn round and see she . léa smile at she sister . 44 , ext . outside lea 's house - day luc load up the car . the kid be already strapped in the backseat . léa bring out sleep bag , food and plate . juliette help they . they all seem excited to be go away . lea do you bring a sweater ? it can get cold out there . juliette right , thanks . 45 . int . house - day juliette come downstairs with a sweater in one hand . before leave , she stop by papy Paul 's room . he be sit in a chair , read as ever . juliette will you be okay ? you have everything you need ? ( beat ) we 'il be back tomorrow . Goodbye ! 46 . int . car - day the family sing happily as they drive along . 47 . ext / int . farmhouse - day montage . the car pull up outside a rundown farmhouse . the duck pond . adult and child play . more friend arrive . in all , there be over fifteen adult include Michel , and samir and he wife . Children bounce around in the bedroom . woman busy in the kitchen . Men open bottle of wine . play soccer . the table set for dinner . montage end . 47 48 . int . farmhouse - night a open fire blaze in the hearth . Children be fast asleep , curl up on the floor or in chair . in one corner , the older child play a game . around the table , the adult have flushed face . empty bottle litter the table . a joint go round . everybody 's laugh and joke . one guy ( gerard ) look particularly drunk . lea I do not have to like rohmer ! it 's a free country . gerard I do not see how you can teach literature and not understand rohmer 's movie . samir léa do not say she do not underst and they . she say she do not like they . there 's a subtle difference . gerard I can not believe what I be hearing ! I can not help wonder how you explain racine to you student ! lea that 's irrelevant . what 's racine get to do with anything ? gerard rohmer be the racine of the 20 " century , but if you guy be too stupid to see it ... woman # 1 that 's totally unfair . michel ( hand gerard the joint ) here , have some of this and chill out . next , you 'il be tell we that stallone be Shakespeare . gerard screw you ! you do not care about anything except soccer . what about you , juliette ? what do you think ? her face cup in she hand , juliette smile and shrug . 48 gerard juliette do not think anything . juliette watch and judge . but who be juliette ? a woman of mystery . a sprite , a goblin ... have be hide from we all this time , juliette - luc cut it out ! you be a pain in the ass . go get some fresh air gerard rap he knife against he glass . gerard lady and gentleman , pray silence ! I would humbly like to suggest we play a little game . the winner will receive my deep consideration ... man # 1 you can shove you consideration ! gerard and a kiss from juliette . lea gerard , you can be such a asshole ! gerard the game be to find the reason why léa hide she delightful sister from we for the last two hundred year . where be juliette ? what be juliette do ? samir knock it off ! gerard be juliette on the other side of the world ? be she not speak to léa ? be juliette ... michel cut it out , gerard . gerard ... hide somewhere in Switzerland ? in a convent ? be juliette ... luc you be get on everybody 's nerve gerard . a lion tamer in a circus , a mossad spy , a amnesic ? answer we , juliette ! answer we ! 49 he gaze at she . lea shut the fuck up , gerard ! luc be quiet , or I 'il belt you ! gerard let juliette speak ! for once , I have a heroine from a novel in front of I , I want to hear she tell I ... michel that you be a asshole ! gerard the truth ! juliette disappear . juliette reappear . juliette ? juliette ? man # 1 go to bed ! gerard not before I know where juliette have be . the beautiful juliette ! juliette ! juliette ! gradually , everybody else fall silent . silence . juliette ( deadpan ) I be in prison . Fifteen year . I kill my son . suddenly , gerard burst out laugh . everybody else join in , except léa , luc and Michel . man # 2 that x11 teach you , gerard ! woman # 1 well do , juliette ! samir what do you have to say now , loudmouth ? gerard okay , she win . I give up . the atmosphere lighten again . juliette discreetly up and leave . léa and luc glance at each other . 50 49 . ext . lakeside - night juliette stand by the lake . it 's a very dark night . 0.s. , laughter filter from the farmhouse . then , footstep . Michel draw level with juliette . put a hand on she shoulder . she shrug it off . michel sorry about he . he 's a ass when he 's drunk , but he 's a good guy . beat . michel they all think you be joke . I ... ( pause ) I be sure you be not . before I get my job at the university , I teach in prison for ten year . I rarely talk about it ... I use to go in three time a week . and I have come out three time a week . that change my whole life , my whole way of look at thing , people , the sky , pass time , come and go , be in the street , everything . I stop be so certain of thing , make judgment the way people always do . everybody I meet behind bar , it seem like they be just like I . they could have be I and I could have be they . it 's a fine line sometimes . 50 . ext . outside lea 's house - night Michel park outside the house . juliette be in the passenger seat . michel will you be okay ? juliette yes . thanks for the ride . they gaze at each other . Michel reach out to caress she cheek . juliette do not ... please ... I be still ... a long way away . she get out of the car . 51 . int . faculty building - day léa lead a discussion with a dozen student . she 's tense , irritable . 51 the student she be debate with be very calm and measure . as they argument develop , the other student glance at each other with raise eyebrow . lea that 's only true of raskolnikov ! you can not extend the notion of redemptive guilt to humanity in general and suggest that each murder contain its own redemption . student yet the aim of the novelist be to reconstitute the world . dostoyevsky be no exception . lea in the case of this novel , you know full well that the narration be impersonal and , moreover , incomplete , as if the author refuse to put forward a single worldview because he know that there be numerous interpretation and motivation . and numerous shade of truth . student but the first draft be in the first person . one can deduce , therefore , that the initial project be indeed to portray a single soul that might give the reader a intimate yet universal insight into murder and murderer . léa be really wound up . her student be shocked . stun silence . lea you do not know what you be talk about ! what do you know about murder and murderer ! student lea and what do dostoyevsky know about it deep down ? well ? nothing ! nada ! Zilch ! even masterpiece be no more than hypotheses , simplistic extrapolation that be nothing compare to true life . nothing . get that ? if you stop think a book be the last word on something , you would not spout so much bullshit ! léa pull herself together . 52 lea I ... I be terribly sorry . I apologize . I do not know what ... she grab she note and hurry out . 52 . int . faculty build - day léa rush down a hallway . when she reach she office , she find bamakalé sit on a bench outside . he be impeccably dress as always . as soon as he see she , he jump to he foot . bamakale good morning , I wonder if I - lea not now ! this be not the time ! she rush into she office and slam the door . bamakalé stare at it in dismay . 53 . int . lea 's office - day holding she head in she hand , léa sob . 54 . int . typing pool , hospital - day juliette follow the woman who interview she for the job earlier . she introduce juliette to a couple of other secretary , type away at they computer . they come to a empty desk . woman this be you desk . you job be essentially to type up medical report and perhaps help out you colleague from time to time . the trial period be three week . at the end of that period , the director will inform you of he decision . I x11 let you get settle in . she walk away , stop and backtrack . woman I rely on you to be discreet , of course . 55 . int . lea 's house - day léa arrive home . dump grocery bag in the hall . listen . 0.s. , on the piano , the tune juliette teach Little lili in a earlier scene . it clearly perturb léa. 53 she hurry upstairs to the spare room where Little lili be play with juliette next to she . emelia sit on the floor . papy Paul be in one corner , smile . Little lili stop and run over to hug she mother . lili mummy ! come and play ! play , mummy ! auntie say you use to be very good ! léa hesitates . juliette shuffles over on the piano stool , and nod to she to sit down . léa still hesitates . then go over and sit at the piano . each movement seem deeply think - out . she gaze at the piano like a long - lose friend . then she sister . they begin play together . juliette start to sing . juliette a la claire fontaine mae allant promener j’ai trouvé l’eau si claire que je m’y suis baignée .. ( at the fountain as I be walk by the water be so clear that I want for a swim ... ) léa join in . juliette & lea Il y a longtemp que je t’aime jamais je not t’oublierai .. ( I have love you so long I can never forget you ... ) j’ai trouvé l’eau si claire que je m’y suis baignée .. a la feuille d’un chéne je I suis essuyée ( the water be so clear that I want for a swim I find a oak leaf to use to dry myself ) Il y a longtemp que je t’aime jamais je not t’oublierai .. ( I have love you so long I can never forget you ... ) 54 lalala lalala lalalalalala lalala lalalala lalala lalala lalalalalala .. the child applaud . papy Paul look delighted . the girl hug they mother and kiss she . léa and juliette glance at each other , deeply move . juliette run she hand down léa 's arm . 56 . int . typing pool , hospital - day a headset in she ear , juliette type up a report . Three young male doctor walk over . one of they lob a tape onto juliette 's desk . doctor type that and send it over to cardiology . juliette remove she headset . juliette sorry ? doctor ( irritably ) I say , type that now and send it over to cardio . juliette the report I be type be urgent , as well . doctor who the hell do you think you be ? you be just a secretary . do what I say . I want that over there in fifteen minute . get it ? juliette Fine . they walk away . doctor ( mutter to he colleague ) they be hire they older than before and more stupid than ever ! 57 . int . cafe - day the Inspector and juliette sit at a table . inspector 55 at my age , it 's not easy meeting someone new . I do not like go out . and be a cop scare people off . but I could be at Social service , it have be the same . I sit at a desk all day and process paperwork . I have be no use try to catch a thief ! ( beat ) this be where I meet my wife . they have redecorate , but it 's basically still the same . where do you meet you husband ? juliette at college . inspector he be a doctor , too ? juliette no , he drop out after two year . he get a job supervise a team of health visitor . inspector when do you last see he ? juliette at the trial . he testify against I . inspector like my wife . ever since , she 's never ... she send my daughter here by plane or train with a label round she neck like a parcel . ( beat ) I could still describe exactly how she be dress the first time we meet . ( beat ) how 's work ? juliette Fine . inspector nobody give you any trouble ? juliette no ... inspector by the way , I think I 'il soon be ... you remember my orinoco project ... after all this time , it 's much clearer in my mind now . deep down , there 's 56 nothing and nobody to make it worth I stay here . 58 . int . kitchen - evening juliette sit with emelia on she lap , flick through a picture book , point to a picture and say the word out loud several time . emelia try to repeat the word . suddenly , there 's a loud crash upstairs , follow by scream . 59 . int . lea & luc 's bedroom - evening luc writhes in pain on the floor , clutching he shoulder . nearby , scattered tool and a stepladder lie on its side . lea you idiot ! luc will you shut up ? it hurt . Little lili poke she head round the door . lili daddy ! what happen ? juliette rush in , with emelia in she arm . she put emelia down and kneel next to luc . all she doctor 's reflex come flooding back . juliette where do it hurt ? luc my shoulder . juliette begin examine he . papy Paul peek in . lea I tell you to leave it ! you be no good with a hammer . juliette it 's okay . dislocate , that 's all . i’1l put it back . it 'il hurt but once it 's in , that 's it . juliette manipulate he shoulder with great assurance . Little lili watch , wide -ey . luc ouch ! lili daddy ! 57 juliette feel better ? luc flexe he shoulder . luc yes ... yes ... lot . thanks , juliette . papy Paul duck out of the room . lea next time , remember you be useless at diy . lili where have you learn to do that , auntie ? juliette , léa and luc glance at each other . juliette on tv ! you learn all kind of useful thing watch tv ! lili see , mummy , the tv 's not '' inane '' , like you always say it be . 60 . int . swimming pool - day juliette and léa hold onto the side , kick they leg . lea with the kid , it 's hard to keep up my research . I go to less conference , I publish less ... but I like work here . I get on with my colleague . Michel , for example , be the kind of guy who 'il never let you down . juliette have he always be single ? lea no ... I do not think so . actually , I do not know . he 's actually pretty secretive . ( beat ) I do not believe it ! check that out ! look who monsieur lucien have on he arm . paunchy monsieur lucien strut along in the company of a beautiful 25 - year-old . he wink at juliette and léa . lea that 's wild ! there 's always hope when you be a guy . 58 juliette have you forget I ? lea what 's that ? juliette you forget I all that year , do not you ? léa gaze intensely at she sister . 61 . int . lea 's home office - day léa place a heavy box on the desk , under juliette 's nose . lea open it . juliette hesitates , then open the box . it 's full of diary . lea take one out . it do not matter which . juliette reach in and pull out a diary . lea open it at any page . juliette open the diary . under each date , juliette 's name be handwritten , follow by a number : juliette 918 , juliette 919 ... juliette take out another diary . same thing : juliette 3127 , juliette 3128 ... lea that be the first thing I do every morning . write you name and the number of day you have be go . ( beat ) I suppose you could say it only take a second and it be just a few letter and figure , but I think about you so hard in that few moment every day . every morning , we be reunite . 62 . int . typing pool , hospital - day juliette sit at she computer . the phone ring . she pick up . juliette yes ... good morning , sir ... yes ... I 'il be right there . 63 . int . director 's office - day 59 the director stand glance out the window , as if to avoid meeting juliette 's eye . she sit face he . on he desk , frame photo of he wife , four child , three dog , two horse ... director it 's call teamwork . even if you each have you individual task to do , there have to be unity , team spirit . we be not machine . several of you co- worker say you be cold and distant . you never talk to anyone apparently . it 's disappoint . very disappoint . juliette do that mean I be out of a job ? director of course not ! I do not say that , do I ? just do not forget you be on trial . make a effort . that 's all I be say . try to be less ... withdraw . open up a bit . ( beat ) of course , I understand that it 's not ... I mean , I understand but ... juliette what do you understand ? the director have no answer . 64 . léa léa she léa and léa int . emelia & little lili 's room - night tuck emelia in . she be already asleep . kiss she , turn on a nightlight and slip out . go into Little lili 's room and find she daughter read . lea okay , Little lili , light out now . close the book , put it on the nightstand , kiss she daughter be about to turn out the light ... lili no , please ! leave it on ! lea alright , sweetheart . goodnight . lili mummy , I want to ask you something . stop and turn round . lili 60 when you and auntie juliette be little , do you spend a lot of time together ? lea quite a lot , yes . lili but auntie juliette be much older than you . léa nod . lili so she protect you ? lea against absolutely everything . lili so why do she stop one day ? lea what do you mean ? lili why have she go away for so long and leave you all alone ? lea because I be not a little girl anymore . sleep now . she kiss Little lili and turn to leave . lili we all need protect , do not we , though ? even when we be grow up . lea ( laugh ) that 's what you dad 's for . lili ( laugh too ) I do not think of that . lea goodnight . lili you know , mummy , I really like auntie juliette . lea I , too , sweetheart . 61 lili you can tell she 's you sister because she 's really kind , like you . it 's a shame she never have child , though . lea what make you say that ? lili I have have like to have some cousin . lea go to sleep . 65 . ext . street - night juliette and Michel come out of a cinema . they walk along in michel do you want to go for a drink ? juliette it 's a warm night . let 's walk . silence , apparently happy together , here , now . juliette for two year , the only walk I get to do be in a tiny triangular courtyard with big , high wall ... I count my step , every step I take . and keep on count later when I be at centrale . the guard call I the Walker . but the other inmate call I nobody . Michel look quizzically . juliette short for nobody 's Home . michel there 's a giono novel - I be pretty sure it 's he last - that have a great female character , who 's withdraw into silence . she call herself nobody . the main character fall madly in love with she ... juliette do you see the world through book you have read ? michel book have be a big help to I . sometimes , they be better friend than people , do not you find ? 62 he glance at she as they walk along . eventually , she turn to look at he , too . 66 . int . kitchen - day Breakfast . everybody 's in the kitchen . luc be about to leave for work . he steal a slice of toast from Little lili 's plate . lilt hey ! that 's mine ! luc I know but I be terribly late . I gotta run . bye , everybody ! and do not wait up for I , I have a meeting that will finish late . lea you have a meeting ? so do I . I will not be home either . I tell you about it . lilt what about we ? luc Katrina will look after you . mummy 's go to call she . lea you be out of luck , sunshine . Katrina 's away wreak destruction and havoc at she mother - in- law 's . lilt papy Paul can look after we . can not you , papy ! luc and léa share a glance . he hesitates . léa leave he on he own . luc maybe ... juliette could look after you . if she do not mind , of course . ( to juliette ) but maybe you have other plan ? juliette no , it have be a pleasure . lili & emelia yes ! thank you , auntie ! 67 . int . michel 's office , faculty bldg - day 63 Michel type he student 's mark out of twenty . léa dictate . lea laure sourdillon , 10 . Eric suffren , 3 . Anne sulkovic , 8. Laurent taskon , 11 . frédéric taskon , 6 . cécile tramelle , 18 . no way ! do she bribe you ? michel I be use a new system of bonus point . female ? plus 3 . belly show ? plus 2 . thong show ? plus 5 . no bra ? plus 4 . belly button pierce ? plus 1 . lea you slimeball ! i’11 tell juliette on you . she be beginning to like you . michel she tell you that ? lea perhaps . michel seriously , what do she say ? lea look at you ! you be like you be 15 year old ! you be just so cute at time ! ( beat ) frédéric trousseau , 8. ludivine Trussi , 5 . Christian - edmé ulrich , 9. michel c’mon , léa , tell I ! lea ( shake she head , smile ) Sophie uze , 3 . dogun uzbek , 14 . Louis valdenaire , 7. ludovic Vogel , 11 .. 68 . int . lea 's house - night juliette tiptoe out of Little lili 's room . close the door and put a book of fairy tale down on a chair she go downstairs . see a light under papy Paul 's door . knock gently and enter . juliette May I ? papy Paul smile at she . juliette sit opposite he and smile back . clearly , she find he presence soothing . 64 papy Paul go back to he book . juliette sit , say nothing . from time to time , he look up and smile at she . 0.s. , a key in the front door . juliette get up and say goodnight . in the hall , léa be home . the two sister talk in whisper . lea how do it go ? be they asleep ? juliette like log . lea I be go to go to bed , too . I be exhaust . be luc home ? juliette not yet . lea you be still come tomorrow ? beat . juliette nod . 69 . int . retirement home - day juliette and léa walk down a hallway , past old folk in blue towell robe . léa carry a bouquet of flower . they reach a door . léa knock and enter . juliette hover on the threshold . in the room , they mother spin round when she hear the door open . lea hi , mummy ! mother ( strong English accent ) I already tell you I do not need anything ! lea it 's I , mum . mother who be you ? I do not know you . if you do not leave this minute , I x11 call for help ! 65 lea mum , it 's I , léa . you daughter . mother oh , I know who you be . I tell you before , I do not need anything . I have at least three vacuum cleaner already , why would I need another one ? at my age . lea I bring you some flower . mother do not think you 'il get round I like that ! juliette have venture a few foot inside the door . mother ( re. juliette ) be she with you ? lea mum ... mother stop call I that ! it 's very annoying ! do not just stand there , fetch a vase ! everything I have get steal here . léa glance at juliette , then leave the room . they mother sit in a chair . mother it 's a funny job you do . pester people all day . can not you take you junk somewhere else ? she lean forward , take she head in both hand and shake it . stop . look up and stare straight at juliette . her face be unrecognizable . her lip quiver . mother ( gently , in English ) my darling juliette ... be you back from school already ? come and give I a big kiss ! come and kiss you mummy ! juliette freeze . mother come on , sweety . what 's wrong ? come on ... I be so happy to see you ! I be so happy ! 66 the old lady hold she hand out . juliette eventually take hold of it . her mother pull she towards she . juliette be catch between astonishment , the urge to run and great emotion . mother I be all alone here , you know . they lock I up ! I be all , all alone . take I home with you . take I home , please . she sob . juliette stroke she hair and forehead . just then , léa return . she stop in she track . eventually , she mother look up . she be transformed again . mother ( in french ) that 's quite enough ! ( notice juliette stand beside she ) what be you do , press up against I ? you have get a nerve ! get out of here now , both of you ! go on ! out ! 70 . ext . hospital / street - day montage . juliette come out of the hospital . she catch a bus into town . stands the whole way . it 's full . she walk down a busy street in the town centre . she dial a number on a public phone . montage end . juliette Michel ? hi , it 's juliette . michel ( 0.s. ) hi , there ! how be you do ? juliette Fine . I be in town . I think maybe we could meet up ? michel ( 0.s . ) I be really sorry . I have a meeting start in half a hour and ... 67 juliette after you meeting maybe ... I can go for a walk in the meantime . michel ( 0.s . ) it 'il probably drag on . and I promise a friend I have meet he afterwards . another time , okay ? juliette ( colder ) okay . sorry to bother you . Goodbye . michel ( 0.s. ) Goodbye , juliette . she hang up , she disappointment accentuate by the fact that Michel be clearly not tell she something . 71 . int . bar - evening a fairly cramped space . juliette stand at the bar , a glass of red wine in front of she . sip at it . line up at the bar , other customer sip they beer or ricard in much the same way , lose in they drink or they thought . nobody talk . nobody pay any attention to anyone else . in the background , the radio play . the bar owner do he account . a banal , but odd glimpse of daily human existence . 72 . ext / int . lea 's house - night juliette push the gate open and walk up to the house . Inside the house , silence . no light be on . juliette hello ? anyone home ? she knock on papy Paul 's door . no answer . she glance in : he chair be empty . back in the hallway , juliette call out again . no answer . she head into the live room . léa , luc , the girl , papy Paul , samir , he ( very pregnant ) wife and Michel leap up and start sing . all ( except papy Paul ) happy birthday to you ! happy birthday to you ! happy birthday , dear juliette ! happy birthday to you ! 68 they cheer and applaud . the two girl carry over a huge gift - wrap present . juliette try to say something , but the word catch in she throat her eye fill with tear . she laugh . 73 . int . michel 's apartment - day Michel be stretch out on the couch . juliette sit on the floor , she head rest on Michel 's thigh . juliette the worst thing , maybe , be the end , the last few week before it be over and after they tell I I be be release . I start have nightmare . always the same one , in fact . I have my case pack . I step outside and find myself in the middle of nowhere . there be nothing and nobody there . just emptiness . one day , they tell I I have a visitor . I think it be a mistake . it be the first time ever . there be a young woman wait to see I . she smile . it be léa . I listen to she without say a word . she promise she have come again . that night , I promise myself I have refuse to see she . she belong to a part of my life that have die . then just before I go to sleep , I think back to when she be little . lala , we use to call she . the gap in she tooth , she smile , she fringe that would never stay in the same place ... and she hand in mine . it be that little girl that make I decide to come back . 74 , int . locker room , swimming pool - day léa and juliette stand side by side , drying they hair in the mirror . lea luc want to take a trip to the mountain . '' top up the red blood cell , '' as he put it . be fit for he stupid soccer game be all that matter to he . léa pause and gaze at juliette 's face in the mirror . they stare at each other 's reflection as if seek the answer to a much deeper mystery . lea 69 when I be little , I so want to be like you . juliette and now ? beat . they go back to drying they hair . lea you know what I think about last night ? the Green House at hossegor . when be the last time we be there ? the year I break my wrist ? juliette I go back once more after that . léa glance quizzically at she sister , but a bunch of woman pass noisily by , 0.s. , stop she press the issue . the woman 's voice and laughter eventually fade . lea I think it have be knock down . juliette Fifteen year ago , it be still stand . léa be intrigue now . juliette I take Pierre there . léa gaze at juliette 's reflection , but do not dare ask . 75 . int . lea 's house - evening Little lili watch admiringly as juliette do she make - up in she room . léa peek round the door . she look a million dollar . they all go downstairs where luc have emelia in he arm . lili you look very beautiful , auntie ! juliette do you think so ? she pick up two pair of earring . juliette this one or this one ? lili 70 mmmm ... the red one ! after the restaurant , which nightclub be you go to ? lea that 's for we to know and you to find out . ( to juliette ) be you ready ? juliette absolutely ! lilt can you dance , auntie ? juliette of course . i’1l teach you if you want . lili yes ! I have love to come with you . luc you be still a bit on the young side , cupcake . lili I be not a cupcake and I be eight year old ! lea ( chant ) eight year old ! eight year old ! eight year old ! papy Paul poke he head out of he room , smile . lea ( to the girl ) see you , chickadee ! be good . do not give you father a hard time . he look exhaust already . she give they each a kiss . luc whisper in she ear . luc do not come home too late , will you ? lea you can bank on it , sweety ! she give he one last kiss and a sly wink . 76 . int . nightclub - night 71 juliette and léa be catch in the throng in the club entrance . chatter . laughter . throb music . léa can not stop grin as they shuffle towards the dance floor . behind she , as the music get louder , juliette look increasingly uncomfortable . léa do not notice a thing . the camera close in on she . after a few second , she glance round . juliette have disappear . 77 . ext . parking lot , nightclub - night léa rush out of the club , call out juliette 's name . finally , she hear sobbing come from around a corner . juliette be squatting on the ground , cry she eye out . léa hunker down and take she in she arm . juliette cling to léa like a life buoy . 78 . int . car - night léa drive . juliette sit in a ball in the passenger seat . haggard , tear - streak cheek . léa eventually break the silence . lea you can tell I anything . you can talk to I ... no reaction . lea I be not other people . juliette glance at she sister . lea juliette , I be not other people . 79 , int . police station - day juliette sit on the same bench in the wait room as ina previous scene . two people sit nearby . a young inspector arrive . young inspector ( read from a card ) juliette fontaine ? juliette yes . 72 young inspector follow I . she follow he down the hallway . he do not say a word . he show she into the same office as before . but it do not look the same . the orinoco poster have be replace by a official National Police Force poster . the young Inspector sit at the desk and open a file . juliette hesitates and decide to stay stand . he talk without take he eye off the file . young inspector my name be segral . I be you new probation officer , replace Inspector fauré . juliette ( brightly ) so he finally do it ? he go to see the orinoco ? the Inspector tear he eye from the file and stare at juliette as if she 's totally nut . young inspector if go to see the orinoco mean blow you brain out , yes , he finally do it . ten day ago . juliette gasp and grab the back of the chair in front of she . 80 . ext . outside lea 's house - day juliette walk home . outside the house , léa be about to get into the car . the girl and luc be already in they seat . lea juliette ! hurry ! we be go to the clinic ! kaisha give birth last night . a little girl . we be go to see she . juliette shake she head . lea come on , you can have a nap later if you be tired . the girl be so excited ! juliette forget it . juliette head up the path to the house . léa gaze at she blankly . 73 81 . int , juliette 's bedroom - day juliette lie on she bed , clasp a photo and a sheet of paper to she chest . 82 . int . typing pool - day juliette be hard at work . secretary ( 0.s . ) the director want to see you . he ask I to tell you . juliette glance up anxiously . juliette thanks ... I x11 be right there . 83 . ext . garden , lea 's house - day on a table in the garden , léa , juliette and the two girl be make acacia blossom fritter . they all seem in good spirit . papy Paul recline in a deck chair , read and smile . juliette no , Little lili , not like that ! that 's too much sugar . two spoonfuls be enough , I say ! lea emelia , you be get flour everywhere ! lili be that okay , auntie ? juliette that 's perfect . now , pour in the milk . lili do you think we 'il have enough flower ? juliette sure , and if we do not , we can pick some more . luc arrive home from work . luc ( surprised ) good grief , it 's a party ! ( kiss léa ) what be we celebrate ? juliette and léa glance at each other and smile . 74 lea you tell he . juliette the hospital have give I a full - time contract . luc wow , that 's great ! that call for a drink ! michel ( 0.s. ) my impeccable sense of timing ... he come round the corner , carry four bottle of champagne . michel hello , everybody ! look who I bring with I - a whole tribe of starve afghanis ! everybody look past he to see samir , kaisha and they new baby arrive . more cheer . 84 . int . kitchen - day a apron tie round she waist , juliette put the last fritter on the serve dish that Little lili be ready to take out . 0.s. , laughter and banter from the garden . juliette careful you do not burn yourself . and do not drop it either . Little lili walk out as if the platter be a royal crown . juliette watch she affectionately . wipe she hand . léa arrive . the sister glance at each other with love and great affection . juliette open she mouth to speak but bite she tongue . lea what ? juliette smile and shake she head . she gaze at léa once more . juliette thank you . 85 . int . fine art museum - day juliette wander round the museum , tightly frame by the camera . we see she face in close - up , with a blur of painting behind she as she look round . 75 she stop at a painting of the annunciation . the camera close in on the face of the angel Gabriel tell Mary the good news . juliette seem to be in key with the painting . michel ( 0.s. ) here , look at this one . we pull back to see that Michel have be walk along with juliette all this time , he arm round she waist . he point to another painting . juliette look , then avert she eye rapidly . Michel do not notice . the camera pull back still further , until we lose they in the vastness of the museum . a ordinary couple . just like any other . 86 . int . juliette 's bedroom - day juliette put away she freshly launder clothes in the cupboard . the photo and sheet of paper be tuck between two sweater . juliette take they out and kiss they . luc ( 0.s. ) ( from downstairs ) juliette ? it 's 8:30 already ! if you want I to give you a lift , it 's right now ! juliette come ! she be about to tuck the photo out of sight again , but think twice . she gaze at the cupboard , frown , then turn round and gently put the photo and sheet of paper down on the bed , in full view . at the door , juliette glance round at the bed and heave a sigh of relief , as if a huge weight have be lift from she shoulder . 87 . int . live room - day léa have push back the furniture to clean . lea ( loudly ) what be it this time , Marie - paule ? a cat ? the wind ? the holy spirit ? katrina ( 0.s. ) I never say that at all , léa . what I say be that papy Paul stumble and the lamp fall off . you can not blame I for that ! 76 lea ( to herself ) papy Paul ! sure . I believe you . ( louder ) when you have finish in the kitchen come and give I a hand move the table . I know I can not do it on my own . katrina ( 0.s. ) okay ! emelia skitter into the live room , gurgle happily . she have something in she hand that we can not make out . lea you have make a quick recovery , you little terror ! if I have know , I have have take you to créche . emelia mummy ! mummy ! she hold out she hand . lea what have you get there ? léa reach out and take it . freezes . it 's a photo . of a little boy , laugh . léa immediately recognize Pierre , juliette 's son . emelia gurgle some more . léa snap out of she trance . lea where do you get this ? emelia auntie ! auntie ! lea emelia , it 's wrong to take other people 's thing . it 's wrong ! I forbid it ! I forbid it ! emelia burst into tear . 88 . int , juliette 's bedroom - day léa enter she sister 's bedroom and see the cupboard door be open . a sheet of paper lie on the bed . a child 's handwrite and heart draw on the page draw she eye . léa pick up the paper . 0.s. , emelia be still cry and call for she '' mummy ! mummy ! '' léa hold the photo in one hand and the sheet of paper in the 77 other . the camera scan the handwrite as she read : a garden in the rain be peaceful and sad too mummy , I feel the same when I be far from you you smile light up the sky and make I so happy if one day you must die make sure it 's after I you loving son , Pierre léa stare at the page , deeply move . she flip it over and she emotion give way to surprise . the camera just give we time to make out line of figure and column that look like the result of a number of test . léa be intrigue . she be not sure what to do . then , she leave the room and go to she study , where she scan the document . 89 . int . cafe - day from the outside look in , we see juliette sit in the café . she look out . watch people pass by . she seem at peace with herself . 90 . int . spare room - night Little lili and juliette play the piano and sing happily . juliette & lilt sur la plus haute branche Le rossignol chantait chante , rossignol , chante toi , tu as le ceur gai ( on the high branch a nightingale sing sing , nightingale , sing you heart be full of joy ) juliette get up . juliette I have to go . lili ( keep play ) no ! juliette go out into the hallway . 78 lili ( 0.s. ) mummy ! can you come and play with I ? juliette join léa , who be tidy away clothes in Little lili 's dresser . juliette be something wrong ? lea no , I be fine . juliette be you sure ? léa stop what she 's do and gaze at she sister . 0.s. , Little lili keep play . 91 . int . doctor 's office - day in a white coat , stethoscope round he neck , samir sit read the scan document . léa sit anxiously opposite he . beat . samir look up and frown . samir why do you tear the name off the top of the page ? no answer . samir it 's lili , be not it ? lea ( take aback ) no , not at all . samir do you swear ? lea I swear it be not Little lili , samir . honestly ! you do not know the little ... it 's somebody who die . a long time ago . samir so why all the mystery ? lea I can not explain now . please , no question . this be just very important for I . very , very important . please ... 79 samir glance over the document again . léa observe he closely , then look away . see a frame photo on the desk . it show samir when he be young with a young woman and two child age about four and six . they be all smile . samir I 'il have to consult a colleague whose field this be . I do not want to mislead you . all I can say for the moment be that it do not look very good . not good at all . I x11 call you as soon as I have more . léa smile gratefully and get up to go . samir come round to get the door for she . suddenly , léa give he a big hug . she glance at the photo on the desk again . samir seem surprised by this show of affection . then , he notice what she 's look at . samir ( put he hand over he heart ) they be still here , you know . in the end , war be pretty weak . it can not destroy everything . 92 . ext . STREET - day juliette wait outside a apartment building . léa run to meet she . they kiss on the cheek . lea sorry ... juliette the woman from the agency give I the key . she x11 meet we there . 93 . int . empty apartment - day juliette and léa look round a charming old apartment . from separate room , they talk without be able to see each other . juliette well ? lea what ? juliette what do you think ? 80 lea ( distractedly ) it 's not bad . juliette you do not sound convinced . lea no , it be . it get plenty of light . juliette join léa in the next room . beat . lea I like have you at home with we . juliette you have be act strange for the last couple of day . what 's wrong ? they look straight at each other . léa be about to say something , when the front door open . estate agent ( 0.s. ) Madame fontaine ? juliette yes ! 94 , int . lea 's office , faculty bldg - day léa sit at she desk face bamakalé , elegantly dress as always . léa seem weary and bored by he story . bamakale you have to understand , I feel like I have be pass from pillar to post for the last few month . I have be the victim of a terrible mistake . I can not sleep . I do not know where to turn ... the phone ring . léa pick up and motion to bamakalé to give she a minute . lea yes , charly ? ... right , put he through . thanks . ( beat ) samir ? ... no , it 's fine . go ahead . léa listen , brow furrow . gradually , she expression change as if she have make a astonish realization . when samir have finish , she simply thanks he and hang up . she seem to have completely forget about bamakalé . 81 eventually , he break the silence . bamakale as I be say , I have be treat very unfairly . this be not the first time , the people of Africa have suffer a injustice . you be well aware ... léa look up , as if only just notice he presence . bamakale . that my people have be oppress for century - lea Mr. bamakalé , you really be beginning to piss I off with you complaint about you mark ! you know that ? you be pissing I off ! fade to black : juliette 's voice fade in while the screen be still black . juliette ( 0.s. ) I know as soon as the first symptom appear . I hardly even read the result of the test . pierrot grab the letter and start write a poem on it . when he give it back , he be beam with pride . my little boy ... ( beat ) I see he look at I , so happy , so beautiful . he be my pierrot . then , I picture the little corpse he be go to become . 95 . int . live room - day fade up . juliette stand by the window , look out at the garden . a few pace behind she , léa gaze at she sister . ( as the scene develop , léa will get closer to juliette until she be press up against she sister we sense they have cry a lot already . they be beyond tear . they eye be puffy and red-rimme . they be reach the conclusion of a long , painful discussion . ) juliette I could picture he at every stage of the disease . I know exactly how it would develop . the worst thing be that I know he would not just fall asleep and never wake up , like ina kiddie 's story . soon , he would not be 82 able to move . he would suffer and gradually the life would be squeeze out of he . and there be no cure . nothing to relieve he suffer . ( beat ) I go away with he . people say I abduct he . I suppose I do . I run away with he . I fle with he and I feed he and I show he all the place I love best ... Saint - hippolyte , beaulian , the palioure coast ... I have to increase the dose of painkiller almost every day . he be so brave . he use to say to I , '' I be you little husband ... '' ( beat ) one evening , we have a little party , just the two of we . it be in the Green House . we sing , we laugh and I read he all he favourite storey . then , I put he to bed . I tell he I love he , that he be run a fever and I have to give he a jab . he give I a hug and hold I as tight as he little arm could . he recite he poem and I hold he in my arm until morning . ( beat ) afterwards , nothing seem important anymore . lea why do not you say ... juliette I feel so alone . so alone . anyway , there be nothing to say . try to explain it would be try to excuse it . death have no excuse . one way or another , I be guilty . I have bring a child into the world only to sentence he to death . ( beat ) you know , the most horrible prison ... the worst prison be the death of you child . there be never any release from that prison . léa hold juliette in she arm . juliette cling to she sister . léa give she a kiss . lea look ... 83 outside , in the garden , the sun come out , even though it 's still raining . lea be not it beautiful ? 0.s. , the front door open . michel ( 0.s. ) it 's Michel ! be anyone home ? the sister say nothing . michel ( 0.s. ) léa? juliette ? juliette turn away from the garden , glance at léa , smile . michel ( 0.s. ) juliette ? beat . juliette I be here ! 84