< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> I walk with a Zombie I walked with a zombie original screen play by curt siodmak and ardel wray base on Scientific information from articles by inez wallace the rko trademark fade out , to reveal a road line with palm tree , spectrally long and straight like a vista in a dali painting . along this road and from a far distance two tiny figure advance toward the camera . over this scene the title and credit be superimposed . the two figure continue to advance , grow more discernible all the time . as the credit fade , the two human figure advance along the road be more clearly discernible . although they be not close enough to distinguish they face , it can be see that one of they be a enormously tall , cadaverous negro , clothed only by rag , tight - fitting trousers and that the other be nurse , dress in crisp white uniform and cap , with a dark cloak over she shoulder . betsy ( narrate ) I walk with a zombie . ( laugh a little , self consciously ) it do seem a odd thing to say . have anyone say that to I a year ago , I be not at all sure I would have know what a Zombie be . I might have have some notion -- that they be strange and frightening , and perhaps a little funny . but I have walk with a Zombie as she speak , the two figure advance on the road come closer . betsy voice ( narrate ) it all begin in such a ordinary way -- as she say this the long road and the advance figure dissolve ext . house of parliament - ottawa - day - ( stock ) the house of parliament see through fall snow . in the f.g. horse - draw sleigh be pass . betsy voice ( narrate ) I would just finish work on a case in ottawa ... a little boy who would break both leg . it be one of that case with traction frame and constant care , nicely complicate with a pair of hysterical parent . when he be all well I have to find another job . that 's a nurse 's life for you . I go to the registry . ext . corner of a build - day - ( snow ) at about the level of the second and third floor be one of that half - curve , elliptical signboard which lap around the corner of old - fashioned office building . the camera pan down this sign , from one firm name to another , stop at the last name list : parrish and burden sugar co. , lot . betsy voice ( narrate ) they give I a address in the business district . I go there . int . office -- day a office on the first floor , with a window open into a courtyard . through this window snow can be see fall . close shot of Mr. Richard brindsley wilken , v.c . he be a small , sharp - feature , precise little man with pincenez glass , dress in a dark business suit . one of the coat sleeve be empty . the explanation for the miss arm can be find in he coat lapel : the ribbon of the Victoria Cross . his age indicate that he win it in the last war . he have a tablet in front of he and as he speak , mark down the answer to he question . wilkens you be single ? betsy yes . wilkens where be you train ? betsy at the Memorial Hospital -- here in ottawa . wilken write this down and then return the pen to its desk holder . he pick up a typewritten page from the blotter , and stare at it . wilkens ( fiddling with the paper unhappily ) this last question 's a little irregular , miss connell . I do not quite know how to put it . wilken straighten himself determinedly and put down the paper . wilkens ( cont would ) do you believe in witchcraft ? betsy burst into laughter and we go to we first sight of she . she be young , bright , alert and look extremely attractive in she blue nurse 's cape and round fur cape . betsy ( finally put the leash on she laughter ) they do not teach it at Memorial Hospital . I have my suspicion , though , about the directress of train . wilkens ( permit himself a dry little smile ) very well . that mean that you have meet all Mr. Holland 's requirement . now , as to salary -- it 's quite good -- two hundred dollar a month . betsy ( pleased ) that be good . but I would like to know more about the case . wilkens I be afraid I be not able to tell you much . only that the patient be a young woman -- the wife of a Mr. Paul Holland with whom we do considerable business . betsy that will mean another interview , will not it ? wilkens no , this be quite final . you see , Mr. Holland be a sugar planter . he life in St. sebastian Island in the West indie . betsy the West indie ? wilkens ( he 's be expect this ) a year 's contract -- a trip with all expense pay -- that 's not so bad , you know . betsy but it 's so far away ... wilkens that 's rather nice , be not it ? wilken glance at the snow fall outside the window . wilkens ( cont would ) ( a little wistfully ) sit under a palm tree -- go swim -- take sun bath . just like a holiday ... betsy Palm tree -- fade out fade in montage of ship a great canadian luxury liner , a boat like the Empress of Canada , proceed across the screen from leave to right . another ship , a smaller passenger steamer , go in the same direction , take she place as she dissolves off ; then a freighter , and finally a small white - hull trading schooner come onto the screen . betsy voice ( narrate ) boat grow smaller to reach out - of the - way port . judge by the boat that take I to St. sebastian -- it 's far away and hard to get to . first , there be the great liner to Havana -- then a smaller steamer to Port au Prince -- a freighter to gonave -- and from gonave , one of the little island trading schooner that carry sugar and sisal , sponge and salt all over the Caribbean . dissolve a sail -- night a gaff-head sail against a night sky of star . the boat carry the sail be evidently in a roll sea . the sail move in rhythmic undulance against the sky . we hear the chug -chug of a one - cylinder diesel . ext . schooner -- wheel -- night two man stand by the wheel of the schooner , they face light by the light from the binnacle . behind they the wake of the boat creams out , white and phosphorescent . one of the man be obviously the skipper of the boat , dress in sloppy white duck , unshaven and with a officer 's batter cap on he head . the other be a slim , tall man dress in flannel slack and a light tweed coat . betsy voice ( narrate ) the man for whom I would come to work -- Mr. Holland -- board the schooner at gonave . he be point out to I , and he must have know who I be -- yet he never speak to I . he seem quiet and aloof . sometimes I wonder how we would get on -- but there be not really time for to think about it -- there be so much to see . I love the trip . ext . schooner -- OPEN galley on deck -- night near the mainmast be a large box fill with sand and on this sand a charcoal fire have be laid . a negro , dress in dungaree , be cooking a large piece of meat . other negroe lounge on deck , they black face fire - light . they be sing , and they sing be attune to the rhythm of the chugge motor . ext . ocean -- night -- ( stock ) the wake of the schooner . ext . ocean -- flying fish -- night -- ( stock ) Flying fish , like shoot star , dart across dark water . ext . STAR -filled sky -- night -- ( stock ) the star seem very close and there be always movement in the sky , as if it be alive -- fall star and comet , lively as the fly fish . ext . deck of schooner -- night betsy be seat on the cabin top just abaft of the foremast . she be look out toward the sea and she expression be ecstatic . she be completely lose in the beauty that she feel , see and smell . betsy voice I smell the spicy smell come from the island -- I look at that great glow star -- and I feel the warm wind on my cheek and I breathe deep and every bit of I inside myself say , " how beautiful -- " the camera draw back to show a tall , masculine figure lean against the foremast , behind betsy . this be Paul Holland . as we see he , we hear he voice . holland it be not beautiful . betsy ( surprised but smile ) you read my thought , Mr. Holland . holland it 's easy enough to read the thought of a newcomer . everything seem beautiful because you do not understand . that fly fish -- they be not leaping for joy . they be jump in terror . bigger fish want to eat they . that luminous water -- it take its gleam from million of tiny dead body . it 's the glitter of putrescence . there 's no beauty here -- it 's death and decay . betsy you can not really believe that . a star fall . they both follow its flight with they eye . holland ( point to it ) everything good die here -- even the star . he leave he position by the mast and walk aft . the group of negroe at the mainmast . they have stop sing and they sit about the charcoal brazier . they be eat , tear at the meat with cruel , greedy , animal gesture . Holland walk past they on he way aft . betsy be puzzle and a little alarmed by Holland 's strange utterance and he queer behavior . over this shot of betsy look off at he , we hear she as narrator . betsy ( narrate ) it be strange to have he break in on my thought that way . there be cruelty and hardness in he voice . yet -- something about he I like -- something clean and honest -- but hurt -- badly hurt . fade out fade in ext . village of ST . sebastian -- day St. sebastian be a drab little West indian village . the shack and house of wood , lath and plaster seem to be fall apart . over the doorway of one of the building -- evidently a administrative office -- hang a american flag , indicate the government of the island . the hard - pack dirt in the roadway be overgrown with weed . everywhere , and move indolently , be the little , badly nourish negroe , some of they tend stall and sidewalk vend booth , other walk idly . betsy , follow by a black sailor with she suitcase , come down the gangway . parallel to this gangway be another . up the second gangway , in file , black stevedore with bundle of sugar cane and small bale of sisal hemp on they head , go up to the boat . on the dock , betsy make she way through a group of clamorous child , vendor and beggar . as the black sailor put she luggage into a umbrella- top surrey draw by a gaunt mule , she stop , delighted , before a great basket fill with enormous white flower . the man seat beside the basket seem to be asleep , he face hide by the droop brim of a straw hat . betsy pick up one of the bloom , smell it and then look at the vendor . betsy how much be this ? the vendor waken and lift he head , revealing a face bloat and scarify by yaw , a hideous nightmare face . betsy , startle , step back , let the flower drop . Paul Holland , pass she , look at this little tableau of horror and disgust . holland ( in pass ) you be beginning to learn . betsy look after he as he walk away into the village . dissolve ext . road to fort holland -- day -- ( process ) a umbrella- top surrey , draw by a gaunt mule and pilote by a old coachman in dirty white singlet , a top hat with a cockade on he gray hair , be make its way along a dusty road between field of sugar cane . in the distance , the sea be visible and above it the great billow white cloud of the Caribbean . betsy , seat on the back seat of the carriage , be bend forward to listen to the old man . coachman Times go , Fort Holland be a fort ...now , no longer . the Holland 's be a most old family , miss . they bring the color people to the island -- the color folk and ti-misery . betsy ti-misery ? what 's that ? coachman a man , miss -- a old man who life in the garden at Fort Holland - with arrow stick in he and a sorrowful , weep look on he black face . betsy ( incredulous ) alive ? coachman ( laugh , softly ) no , miss . he 's just as he be in the beginning -- on the front part of a enormous boat . betsy ( understanding and amused ) you mean a figurehead . coachman ( warming up to he orate ) if you say , miss . and the enormous boat bring the long - ago father and the long - ago mother of we all - chain down to the deep side floor . betsy ( look at the endless field and the richly cloud blue sky ) but they come to a beautiful place , do not they ? coachman ( smile and nodd as one who accept a personal compliment ) if you say , miss . if you say . dissolve ext . fort holland -- day the jughead mule slowly pull the carriage into the scene . this beast come to a somnolent stop without the coachman so much as touch the rein . as the man climb down and start to take the luggage out of the carriage , betsy look through the wrought- iron gate into the garden . Fort Holland be a one -story house build around the garden , with low cover porch to give shade and breezeway . at the open end of the U be a great gate much like the wrought- iron gate of New Orleans . through this betsy can see the garden and its profusion of verdure : azalea , bougainvillea , rose -- much like California plant ; no exotic orchid or man eat venus jug -- just ordinary , pretty , semi-tropic flower and shrub . the separate room be open to the garden , but have jalousy of thin wood to give privacy when need . at one corner stand a big , stone tower , obviously a relic of some previous building . the wall of the house have be build right up to and around the tower so that it have become part of the building itself . on the garden side of the tower be the fountain . the most outstanding feature of this spring or fountain , which flow from a crevice in the stone of the tower , be that instead of fall directly into the cistern it fall first onto the shoulder of the enormous teakwood figurehead of St. sebastian . from the shoulder of the saint it drip down in two runnel over he breast . the wooden breast of the statue be pierce with six long iron arrow . the face be weathered and black . only a few bit of white paint still cling to the halo above he head . betsy and the coachman come up to the grillwork of the gate . betsy look around the garden , while the old coachman reach up and pull a bell rope suspend from the gate . as the bell begin to ring , he push the gate open . betsy walk through . int . betsy room -- night this be a small but lovely room with white plaster wall . as in the rest of the house , the furniture be not the usual tropical porch furniture , but be neat , serviceable furnishings such as a well - to - do family establish for a long time in any give place would acquire . there be a nice four-poster bed with pineapple carve , a dress table with a little chippendale chair before it , and a maple rocker so old it have turn a hard , brown color that softly reflect the highlight in the room . on the wall be a little mirror in a carve Spanish frame . there be no picture or other ornament . a woven grass rug lie on the floor . betsy be seat before the dress table , put the last touch to she hair . she have change she clothes and be wear a simple , linen dress . there be a discreet rap on the jalousy door which separate the room from the garden . betsy cross the room and open the door . a color man in a butler 's white jacket stand there . this be clement . CLEMENT miss connell -- it 's dinner . betsy thank you , clement . he stand aside and let she step through , go ahead of she and precede she down the garden path . ext . garden at fort holland -- night betsy and clement pass the fountain . the figure of St. sebastian gleam wetly in the ray of the candlelight . on the cover porch in front of the live room , a dinner service have be set out on a long mahogany table . as she come forward , betsy see a handsome young man wait for she . this be wesley rand . the table by which he stand be set for two and light by candelabra in great glass hurricane lamp . the table be laid with white linen , and the candlelight gleam on silver and cut -glass arrange in the most formal manner . the table itself be a beautiful mahogany structure with elaborate carve , and the four chair which surround it be massive victorian piece . a fifth chair stand by the wall . rand step down into the garden and extend he hand to betsy . rand miss connell -- I be wesley rand . Paul ask I to introduce myself . they shake hand and he take she elbow to guide she to the table . rand ( cont 'd ) ( as they walk ) it seem we be have dinner by ourselves , miss connell . but I may as well introduce everyone to you , anyway . ( point to the chair at the head of the table ) there -- in the master 's chair , sit the master -- my half - brother Paul Holland . but you have already meet he . betsy yes -- on the boat . rand and that chair -- ( indicate the chair draw back against the wall ) be the particular property of Mrs. rand -- mother to both of we and much too good for either of we . too wise , in fact , to live under the same roof . she prefer the village dispensary . betsy ( interested and a little surprised ) be she a doctor ? rand no -- she just run the place . she 's everything else -- amazing woman , mother . you will like she . betsy I like she already . rand and that -- ( point to another chair ) be my chair . and this -- ( draw back a chair for betsy ) be miss connell -- who be beautiful . betsy thank you . but who sit there ? ( indicate a chair at she leave ) rand my brother 's wife . there be a little pause . rand stand for a very brief moment , look at the empty chair and then , almost as if pull himself together , take hold of he own chair and move it down the table nearer to betsy . rand ( cont would ) ( as he move the chair ) here , here , this be not at all cozy -- it make I seem aloof and I be anything but that . they smile at each other . betsy look around the table and out toward the garden . from betsy viewpoint , as we see the garden . the camera pan around to show one aspect of its beauty after another and finally come to rest on a light window . on the shutter can be see the shadow of a man seat at a desk , obviously work . betsy voice ( over pan ) we have a lovely dinner . somehow as we sit there , I could not help think of all the storey I have read in the magazine , storey in which people have dinner on a terrace with moonlight flooding a tropical garden . it seem a little unreal . -- then we have coffee . ext . the porch -- night betsy and rand be seat in easy chair with a small coffee table before they . on it be a coffee urn , a bottle of brandy , cup and glass . behind they be the light window where we have see the shadow of Paul Holland . from this angle the shadow can no longer be see . as if part of a general conversation that have be go on for some time . betsy -- but , you be a american ? rand I go to school in buffalo . Paul go to school in England . betsy I wonder about you different accent . I be still wonder about you name -- rand and Holland . rand ( make mockery of he own explanation ) we be half - brother . Paul be mother 's first child . when he father die , she marry my father . Dr. rand , the missionary . and you know what they say about missionary ' child . Far off somewhere a drum begin to beat , slowly and sullenly . betsy turn in the direction of the sound . rand watch she , grin . rand ( cont 'd ) ( mock she interest ) the jungle drum -- mysterious - eerie . betsy turn back to he and smile . rand ( cont would ) that 's a work drum at the sugar mill . St. sebastian 's version of the factory whistle . he finish the little bit of liquor leave in he brandy glass and get up . rand ( cont 'd ) as a matter of fact , it mean the sugar syrup be ready to be pour off . you will have to excuse I . betsy of course . it 's be nice of you to spend this much time with I . rand pick up the brandy bottle . rand ( pour himself a drink ) do not worry . I be not miss . the only important man here be the owner . betsy Mr. Holland ? rand yes , the redoubtable Paul . he have the plantation , and I , as you must have notice , have all the charm . betsy I do not know . he speak to I last night on the boat . I like he very much . rand ( pour another drink ) ah , yes , we Paul , strong and silent and very sad -- quite the byronic character . perhaps I ought to cultivate it . the drum sound again . betsy ( smile and point off ) perhaps you ought to get on to the mill . rand ( leisurely sip at he drink ) it will wait . the work drum sound for the third time . rand who have finish he drink , reach for the bottle again . at this moment the jalousy behind they open and Holland come out . rand put down the bottle and straighten up . Holland stand watch he . rand ( cont 'd ) ( to Holland ) I be just go to the mill . ( nod to betsy ) good night , miss connell . betsy nod and smile to he . rand start toward the gate . holland ( still watch rand ) have the servant make you comfortable ? betsy yes , thank you . clement come from the house carry a large , silver tray cover with a napkin . he come up to Holland and hold the tray before he , lift the corner of the napkin to present the food under it for inspection . holland ( look at the food ) it seem very nice , clement . I will take it to Mrs. Holland . he start to take the tray . betsy rise , also reach for it . betsy can not I take it for you ? holland ( take tray ) no , thank you . tomorrow 's time enough for you to begin work . he go off with the tray . betsy pick up a coffee cup . long shot of tower . Holland enter the tower and close the door behind he . dissolve int . betsy room -- night betsy , dress in a trim negligee and slipper , be get ready for the night . she plump up the cushion , test the softness of the mattress and then , yawn , turn out the aladdin kerosene lamp which light the room . level ray of moonlight filter through the rattan blind into the room . betsy cross the room and peer out through the rattan strip into the garden . ext . the garden -- night as betsy sees it . light be on in the live room . this light , bar and diffuse by the strip-blind , softly illuminate the garden . the black shadow of tree and shrubbery loom over the path . through this shadow a woman , dress in filmy white , walk stiffly , she arm hang immobile , close to she slim body . she be blonde and as far as the light will reveal , she seem beautiful . she make the circuit of the garden , pace slowly along the path . betsy watch she . then , from the live room , a man 's voice call out to she . holland voice jessica . the woman at once turn toward the live room , mount the porch and enter through a door hold open for she . int . betsy room -- night betsy turn back into the room . she have cross over to the bed and be remove she negligee when the sound of hesitant note on the piano attract she attention . in she nightgown she go back to the window and peer through the crack between the lath . int . a corner of the live room -- night from where she stand , betsy can see the big , square , rosewood piano . a lamp have be light beside it and the light from this lamp fall on the blonde hair and gleam shoulder of the woman who have walk in the garden . her face can not be see . her finger move strangely over the keyboard , now and again strike a hesitant note , but make no music , only a occasional dissonance . int . betsy room -- night betsy , still watch through the slit in the jalousie , endeavor to get a better view of the live room . she change she position and look out again through the blind . int . another corner of the live room -- night as see from betsy 's new angle . Paul Holland be seat in a low armchair . his eye be fix on the woman at the piano . she continue to strike odd note on the piano . int . betsy room -- night betsy leave the window , cross to the bed and lie down . then , sighing , she make herself comfortable on the pillow , settling herself for sleep . outside the nightjar whistle softly , the cicadas twitter and the Hammer tree frog make drowsy , somnolent little croak : it be a tropic lullaby of bird , batrachian and insect sound . the faint , grop note on the piano continue . dissolve ext . the figure of ST . sebastian -- night -- ( moonlight ) in the moonlight , the pin-cushion figure of St. sebastian brood over the dark water in the cistern . above the constant sound of the water flow over the saint 's shoulder can be hear the sound of a woman cry , mournfully and as if from deep - seat sadness . int . betsy room -- night betsy be asleep . the sound of the woman 's weep be persistent in the room . finally , it have its effect . the young nurse stir restlessly , then wake . she listen , get up , then listen again . ext . the tower door -- night -- ( moonlight ) int . betsy room -- night it be obvious to she this piteous keen come from the direction of the tower . it be in this direction she have see Holland carry the tray of food to she patient . she pull on she slipper and negligee and leave the room . ext . the figure of ST . sebastian -- night betsy cross in front of the fountain and go to the small postern door of heavy , iron-bound oak which lead into the ruin . the sound of weep continue . she try the door . it open and she go in , leave it open behind she . int . the ground floor of the tower -- night betsy come hesitantly in and look around she . she can still hear the sound of a woman 's cry . it seem to come from above she . a circle flight of shallow stone step lead upward into the dark . to one side of they , but almost hide from she in the darkness , be another door lead back into the house . she hesitates a moment and then , slowly , begin to climb the stair . int . tower -- second floor -- night betsy come up to the level of the second floor . it be in pitch blackness . High above she be a narrow slit through which a single shaft of white moonlight drive sharply into the well - like darkness of the room . very slowly , almost as if feel she way on the stone floor with she slipper foot , she cross the room . then , one hand grop along the rough , stone wall , she begin to circle the room , search for some doorway , or a ascend flight of stair . above she in the massive rafter of the tower , bat stir and squeak . one bat , drop from he perch , sweep past she with a rush of air against the taut membrane of he wing , then fly laboriously up and out through the narrow slit high in the wall . betsy stand stock still , frighten . then she resume she grop progress . a rat squeal and slither across the floor . again she stop . then , more as a request for guidance than as a cry for help , she call out softly . betsy ( call ) Mrs. Holland ! Mrs. Holland ! there be no answer . she grope forward a few more step , then stop again and again call , a little louder now . betsy ( cont 'd ) ( call ) Mrs. Holland ? int . first floor of the tower -- night a white - robe female figure come out from under the stair , walk slowly , she movement drift- like as if walk in deep sleep . she begin slowly to climb the stair . int . tower -- second floor -- night betsy be still grop she way around the circle wall of the tower . the shaft of moonlight strike down between she and the stair . through it she see the drift , diaphanous whiteness of the other woman as she come up from the dark stairwell . betsy Mrs. Holland ? there be no answer . the other woman continue to walk toward she . betsy ( cont would ) ( embarrassed ; try to explain ) Mrs. Holland -- I do not mean to get you up -- the white woman keep walk toward she with the same entrance tread . betsy take a step forward to meet she . the two woman come together in such a way that the white - clad woman stop directly in the shaft of moonlight . closeup of jessica . this be the face of the dead ; bloodless , cold - lidd , eye open and unsee , wash white with the pallor of the moonlight , frame in lank , lifeless tresses of blonde hair . betsy ( cont would ) ( a frighten question whisper over the closeup ) Mrs. Holland -- ? without expression , jessica move toward she . mo . close shot -- jessica and betsy . jessica come toward betsy , who take a step back . they be out of the moonlight now , but the pale face of the woman seem to glow in the darkness . she keep advance toward betsy . betsy scream -- shrill and pierce . int . the rafter of the tower -- night betsy 's cry echoe back and forth between the stone wall of the tower . the bat hang from the rafter be rouse and begin to fly , squeaking and mewl . int . tower -- second floor -- night the flight of bat wheel and bank around the figure of the two woman . betsy scream wordlessly and the shrill , pierce sound of she outcry lance back at she from the echoing wall . closeup of betsy . desperately frighten , she face agonize , she scream again , press she loosely clench fist against the side of she mouth . int . slit in wall of tower -- night single file , the bat sweep out one by one through the loophole high up in the wall of the tower . betsy 's scream continue to echo . int . tower -- second floor -- night jessica still continue to walk toward betsy . betsy retreat from she , back onto the stone stair lead to the slit in the wall . she orient herself quickly ; start to back up this narrow flight of step . int . tower stairwell -- night Holland run up the step of the tower . he be pull a light bathrobe over he pajamas and carry a flashlight in he hand . behind he come clement and a pretty , little negro may , alma . clement have dress hurriedly . he be barefoot ; have on he trousers and a shirt , which be not tuck in at the waistband . alma , also barefoot , have on a thick , white cotton nightgown , a little bit too big for she . clement carry a light kerosene lamp in he hand . int . second floor -- tower -- night Holland , clement and alma come up the stair . clement 's lantern , hold high , illuminate the room , disclose jessica still walk and betsy cower away from she . holland jessica ! the woman stop and turn slowly toward he . he speak hurriedly to alma . holland ( cont 'd ) take Mrs. Holland to she room . alma ( take jessica 's arm ) come , miss jessica , come with alma . betsy ( attempt to get a grip on herself . terribly ashamed ) I hear someone cry -- a woman -- holland a woman cry ? no one 's be cry here . CLEMENT Mr. Paul -- yes , there be cry tonight . it be alma . her sister be bring a'birthing . holland ( with a slight smile ) thank you , clement . he take betsy 's elbow and start toward the stair . int . first floor of the tower -- night clement precede betsy and Holland down the stair , hold the lantern high to give they light . at the foot of the stair he step aside , stand near the door of jessica 's bedroom . betsy and Holland go outside to the garden . clement be about to follow they when the door to jessica 's bedroom open a few inch . alma put she head out cautiously . alma ( whisper ) clement ... clement go over to she . alma ( cont would ) I be go to stay with miss jessica -- in case the new miss take to roam again . CLEMENT ( in a low voice reprovingly ) do not you go cry anymore -- that 's what frighten miss betsy . alma well , she do not soothe I any -- holler around in the tower ! CLEMENT shhh ! ext . fountain -- night Holland and betsy come out of the tower . betsy why be the may cry ? holland I be not sure I can make you understand . ( gesture toward the fountain statue ) you know what this be ? betsy a figure of St. sebastian . holland yes . but it be once the figurehead of a slave ship . that 's where we people come from -- from the misery and pain of slavery . for generation they find life a burden . that 's why they still weep when a child be bear -- and make merry at a burial . clement , the lantern still in he hand , pass close behind they . for a moment they turn and look at he black , still face , underlit by the ray of the lantern . it reflect all the sadness of slave people and slave way . he go by , the lantern light fade off in the distance , as he walk down the path . holland ( cont 'd ) I have tell you , miss connell , this be a sad place . fade out fade in int . betsy bedroom - day the bird in the garden be sing loudly and cheerfully and the sun pour in wide streak through the jalousy . at the foot of betsy 's bed alma stand . she have lift the cover and hold betsy 's big toe between thumb and forefinger . she shake it gently . betsy wake . alma good morning , miss . betsy ( start to rouse from bed ) thank you for waking I . alma I do not want to frighten you out of you sleep , miss . that 's why I touch you farthest from you heart . betsy start to get up and alma protest . alma ( cont 'd ) do not get up , miss . I bring you breakfast . just like I do for miss jessica . she turn to reveal right and left-handed coffee pot behind she on a tray . also on the tray be a enormous , puffed - up brioche . betsy but I be miss jessica 's nurse , alma . you do not have to do that for I . alma I know , miss . but I like to do it . I like to tend for miss jessica and I want to tend for you . you settle right back , now , and I will mix you you coffee . betsy ( pull the pillow up behind she to make herself comfortable ) thank you , alma . alma take a cup and place it on the little table near the bed . she take up the two coffee pot and simultaneously , with a deat movement , pour the hot milk and the hot coffee into the cup . she sweeten it and creams it and pass it to betsy , question betsy with upraise sugar tong and cream pitcher before each move . alma ( while she 's pour the coffee ) miss jessica use to say this be the only way for a lady to break she fast -- in bed , with a lacy cushion to bank she head up . if you would only see she , miss connell . she look so pretty . betsy she must have be beautiful . what happen to she , alma ? alma she be very sick and then she go mindless , miss . betsy ( reassuringly ) we will see if we can not make she well , alma , you and I . alma I do my best . every day I dress she just as beautifully as if she be well . it 's just like dress a great , big doll . as she talk , alma pick up the plate with the brioche and place it at the bedside . she put a knife and fork on the plate . betsy set down she coffee cup and pick up the plate . betsy what 's this ? alma a puff - up , I call it . but miss jessica always say " brioche . " betsy look like a awful lot of breakfast -- I do not know whether I will be able to get away with it . she put she fork into it and the whole , enormous structure of the pastry fall into tiny bit . both she and alma burst into peal of laughter . dissolve int . fort holland live room and office -- day this room be fairly long with jalousy door and window like the other room in the house . it be tastefully furnish and there be a large square rosewood piano in one corner of the room . the rather formal elegant furniture show up nicely against the white - wash plaster wall . at one end be a raise portion with a low railing surround it . here Holland have he office . there be a trestle table with a straight chair behind it , typewriter on a stand , and a small wooden filing cabinet with a old - fashioned letter - press on top of it . there be a surveyor 's map of the plantation on one wall , and on the other a geodetic Survey chart of the island of St. sebastian . ( for 75c , we can purchase the U.S. geodetic chart of anacapa Island , engrave by whistler , possibly the most beautiful map ever draw . we can use this for the map of we fictitious island . ) Holland be seat at the table with a ledger open before he . he have obviously be work . betsy sit in a chair draw up to one corner of the table . she be in she nurse 's uniform . holland I make it clear in my letter to the company . this be not a position for a frighten girl . betsy ( quietly , but on the defensive ) I be not a frighten girl . holland that 's hard to believe , after what happen last night . betsy ( before he can continue ) if I be as timid as you seem to think , Mr. Holland , I would not have go into the tower in the first place . holland and what be so alarming about the tower , miss connell ? betsy ( not so sure of herself ) nothing -- really . but you must admit it 's a eerie sort of place -- so dark -- holland ( smile faintly ) surely nurse be not afraid of the dark ? betsy ( indignantly ) of course not ! Holland wait --- look at she a little quizzically . betsy ( cont would ) but frankly , it be something of a shock to see my patient that way , for the first time . no one have tell I Mrs. Holland be a mental case . holland a mental case ? betsy I be sorry ... holland ( again the impersonal employer ) why should you be ? my wife be a mental case . please keep that in mind , miss connell -- particularly when some of the foolish people of this island start talk to you about Zomby . Paul rise and walk around the desk . betsy also stand . holland ( cont would ) you will find slave superstition a contagious thing . some people let it get the better of they . ( break off and look at she intently ) I do not think you will . betsy no . Holland get up and cross to the jalousy door . he hold it open for betsy to precede he into the garden . holland come along . I will introduce you to Dr. maxwell and you patient . int . jessica's bedroom - day it be a beautiful woman 's bedroom , feminine but with no suggestion of the bagnic ; elegant rather than seductive , and reflect a playful yet sophisticated taste . the furniture be biedermeier . there be a large bed , a trim chaise lounge , a little slipper chair and in one corner of the room , that hallmark of great vanity , a triple - screen , full - length mirror , also a biedermeier style . before it be a tabouret , the surface of which be literally cover with expensive look perfume bottle and cosmetic jar . Mrs. Holland have evidently take the task of beauty seriously enough to stand up to they . there be one picture in the room . it be boecklin 's " the Isle of the Dead , " frame in a narrow frame of dark wood . near the open window stand a beautiful gilt parlour harp . ( size 22 ) behind it , arrange conveniently for play , be a small Empire chair . there be no other furniture near this arrangement , and the harp , the empty chair and wind -stir glass curtain give a dual effect of elegance and loneliness . the camera be focused on this harp as the scene open . the glass curtain blow by the wind , steal across the string bring forth tinkling note . the camera pan right to reveal betsy and Dr. maxwell at Mrs. Holland 's bedside . Dr. maxwell be a small , neat man with a charming voice and a pleasant but somewhat professional personality . he be dress in tropical white and wear a cummerbund . alma be remove the breakfast tray and , as she pass betsy on she way to the door , she make a little curtsey . Mrs. Holland be lie back against the pillow on she bed in a semi-recline position . in the daylight she emaciate , pale face and great , empty eye be pitiful but no longer frightening . dr . maxwell I be afraid it will not be easy for I to explain Mrs. Holland 's illness , miss connell . we have we own disease here . but , if you will sit down -- ( indicate a chair ) betsy seat herself . Dr. maxwell take a cigarette case from he pocket . he take a cigarette , hold it up . dr . maxwell ( cont would ) to put it simply : Mrs. Holland have one of that high fever often find with we tropical malady . we might say that portion of the spinal cord and certain lobe of the mind be burn out by this fever . the result be what you see -- a woman bereft of will power , unable to speak or even to act by herself . she will obey simple command . betsy do she suffer ? dr . maxwell I do not know . I prefer to think of she as a sleepwalker who can never be awaken -- feel nothing , know nothing . betsy look to jessica . dr . maxwell ( cont would ) there 's very little we can do except keep she physically comfortable -- light diet -- some exercise -- betsy she can never be cure ? dr . maxwell I have never hear of a cure . betsy be this disease common in the tropic ? dr . maxwell fortunately , not . this be my first experience with it as a physician . but I have see half - witted field hand -- whom the other peasant call Zomby . I be sure they suffer from a similar destruction of spinal nerve as the result of high fever . he cross the room and clasp shut the black leather bag in which he carry he medicine kit . betsy rise and walk over to he . betsy could you give I the detail of treatment and diet ? Dr. maxwell pick up a couple of sheet of typewritten paper which have be lie beside the bed . he hand they to betsy . dr . maxwell I prepare this for you last night , miss connell . betsy ( take the papers ) thank you . he pick up he bag and walk toward the door . betsy walk with he . at the door , he half turn and say : dr . maxwell I will be by in a day or so , miss connell , and see how you be get on . betsy nod and then turn back into the room . she walk up to the bed and stand look at jessica , then down at the list of typewritten instruction . evidently the list call for she to carry out some detail of the regime , for she put it down and start out of the room in a businesslike fashion . dissolve ext . fountain -- day Holland be stand by the fountain as betsy come out of the door of the tower and start to cross the garden . he turn toward she . she stop and smile . holland you do not find you patient so frightening in the daylight , do you ? betsy Mrs. Holland must have be beautiful --- holland ( coldly ) many people think she beautiful . betsy be about to pass on when he ask abruptly : holland ( cont 'd ) tell I , miss connell . do you consider yourself pretty ? betsy be a little take aback by this , but she recover herself . betsy I suppose so . yes . holland and charming ? betsy I have never give it much think . holland do not . it will save you a great deal of trouble and other people a great unhappiness . betsy be puzzle and interested . she stand a moment and then start off . fade out fade in ext . the village of ST . sebastian -- day betsy , out of she customary uniform and dress in a light color print dress and a straw picture hat , be walk slowly and a little aimlessly down one of the village street . rand' voice betsy ! betsy turn , as she hear she name , and see rand , mount on a white saddle mule . ( the mule be one of that delicate , single foote saddle animal which they breed in Central America and the West indie , very smart - look and with good furniture . the saddle should be particularly well - choose . most West indian planter use a English saddle with long stirrup . sometimes a machete in a leather scabbard hang from the near side of the saddle . ) he maneuver the mule between a cart and a vendor balance two basket on a pole over he shoulder , then bring the animal to a halt beside she . rand where do you think you be go ? betsy it 's my day off . rand but what in the world can you do with a day off in St. sebastian ? betsy ( a little ruefully ) I be just beginning to wonder . be not there shop , restaurant and thing ? rand well -- and thing -- might be a better description of what you ' will find . I would better come along and show you the town . rand swing down off the mule and take the rein to lead the animal . betsy ( very pleased ) but do not you have to work ? rand ( grin ) by a curious coincidence , it 's my day off , too . dissolve out dissolve in ext . STREET corner - ST . sebastian -- day a calypso singer with a guitar sling around he shoulder , lounge against the corner of a building , sing to a small audience of loiterer . he have a derby hat in front of he with one or two coin in it . ext . cafe -- ST . sebastian -- day around the corner from the calypso singer be a cafe . on the roadway in front of it , under a tatter awning , two or three table have be set out . at one of this sit betsy and rand . at another , two white planter in work clothing be have a drink of beer . behind they , lean against the wall , stand the proprietor , a negro in duck trousers and duck coat , with a apron tie around he middle . betsy have tea in front of she and rand , a planter 's punch . as we see they , she be just laugh at something he have say . he be finish he drink . rand set down he glass and gesture to the proprietor . rand ( very jovially to the proprietor ) bring I another , ti-joseph . I have to keep the lady entertained . betsy it must be hard work entertaining I if it require six ounce of rum . rand what in the world be you talk about ? six ounce -- ? betsy Higher mathematics . two ounce to a drink -- three drink , six ounce . rand how do you know there 's two ounce in a drink ? betsy I be a nurse . I always watch people when they pour something . I watch ti-joseph and it be exactly two ounce . at this moment a new calypso song start . singer ( sing ) there be a family that live on the isle of Saint sebastian a long , long while the head of the family be a Holland man and the young brother , he name be rand betsy 's attention be catch by the song . rand evidently know the song , because he begin talk at random , try to distract she . rand listen , do I tell you that story about the little mule at the plantation -- the little mule and clement ? let I tell you . it 's one of the funniest storey -- betsy ( put a restrain hand on he arm ) wait . I want to listen . we hear the guitar music without sing , as the calypso singer play a few measure to bridge the first and second verse . ti-joseph come up to the table with rand 's drink . rand make a motion to he indicate the corner around which the calypso singer be stand . ti-joseph get the idea and go off instantly . mo . close shot -- calypso singer . calypso singer the Holland man , he keep in a tower a wife as pretty as a big white flower she see the brother and she steal he heart ... ti-joseph come in and , while the singer go on with he song , whisper in he ear . the calypso singer stop immediately . he look frighten and guilty . ti-joseph turn and go around the corner to he cafe . the calypso singer address one of the people in the little group before he . calypso singer ( cont would ) ti-malice trip up my tongue -- what do you wish trouble on I for -- you see mister rand go in there . why do not you tell I ? the color man he be address just dumbly shake he head . calypso singer ( cont would ) apologize -- that 's what I will do . creep in just like a little fox and warm myself in he heart . ( placatingly but to himself ) good mister rand ! the other negro just dumbly shake he head again . the calypso singer put he idea instantly into action , start off around the corner . ext . cafe -- day rand have finish the drink which ti-joseph have just bring he and be motion to ti-joseph to bring he another , make a gesture with the glass in he hand . betsy ( evidently continue what she have be say ) that 's carry free speech a little too far ! I would not have listen , wes , if I have realize -- the calypso singer come in and stand humbly beside the table . calypso singer ( with a little bow in the haitian manner ; one hand in front of the stomach and the other hand at the small of he back ) Mr. rand ? rand look up at he . calypso singer ( cont would ) I have come to apologize . rand ( curtly ) all right . calypso singer ( with another quaint bow ) just a old song I pick up somewhere . do not know who do make it up . rand ( grow exasperate ) all right . all right . calypso singer some of this singer on this island , they would tattle - tale on anybody . believe I , mister rand , I never would sing that song if I would know you be with a lady . rand ( jump up , furious ) get out of here ! he start to rise . betsy restrain he . the calypso singer run off a few foot , make he little polite bow again , and the vanish . rand stand practically shaking with rage . betsy force he into a chair . betsy do not let it bother you so , wes . rand do you hear what he sing ? betsy be spare the embarrassment of replying when ti-joseph bring the drink that rand order . rand gulp thirstily at it , then look at betsy , half - defiantly , half - mockingly . rand ( cont would ) shock ? betsy ( sincerely ) I wish I have not hear -- rand why ? everybody else know it . Paul see to that . sometimes I think he plan the whole thing from the beginning -- just to watch I squirm . betsy ( quietly ) that do not sound like he . rand that 's right -- he 's play the noble husband for you , be not he ? that will not last long . betsy I would like to go now , rand . would you mind take I home ? rand ( ignore she , speak a little drunkenly ) one of this day he will start on you , the way he do on she . ( imitate ) " you think life 's beautiful , do not you , jessica ? you think you be beautiful , do not you , jessica ? " ( bitterly ) what he could do to that word " beautiful . " that 's Paul 's great weapon -- word . he use they the way other man use they fist . rand finish he drink . betsy watch he , she face deeply troubled . dissolve ext . the cafe - night camera be focused on a rag , barefoot lamplighter . he be lighting one of the crude kerosene street lamp of St. sebastian with a long taper on the end of the stick . when it finally light up he lower the glass chimney with another stick he carry . from the beach come the sound of a guitar and a man sing . it be very faint , at first , but as it come closer we can recognize the voice of the calypso singer and the melody he be sing when rand interrupt he . the camera pan over to show rand and betsy still sit in ti-joseph 's sidewalk cafe . rand have slump down in he chair , thoroughly drunk . ti-joseph stand , arm fold , lean in the darker shadow of the wall . betsy look off in the direction of the sing , a little anxiously . calypso singer ( faint , but grow stronger ) she see the brother and she steal he heart and that 's how the badness and the trouble start ah woe , ah I shame and sorrow for the fam - i- ly betsy lean over and touch rand 's arm . betsy wes. wesley -- it 's time we be start home . rand make some meaningless mumble of word . calypso singer the wife and the brother , they want to go , but the Holland man , he tell they " no . " as betsy stare nervously into the shadow beyond the street lamp , she see the figure of the calypso singer , move slowly towards she as he sing . calypso singer ( cont would ) the wife fall down and the evil come and it burn she mind in the fever flame . betsy shake rand urgently . betsy please , wes -- we have get to get back to Fort Holland . there be no movement , no sound from rand . betsy look at he , then look over at ti-joseph . there do not seem to be much help to be have in that direction . really frighten now , she turn back quickly to the approach calypso singer . he never take he eye off she , as he walk slowly toward the cafe . there be a strange menace in the way he sing . calypso singer her eye be empty and she cannot talk and a nurse have come to make she walk . the brother be lonely and the nurse be young and now you must see that my song be sung . the calypso singer be now come directly to the table . instinctively , betsy rise and move behind the table . calypso singer ( cont would ) ( walk very slowly , sing very slowly ) ah , woe , ah I shame -- he stop abruptly . in the silence footstep be hear , light brisk footstep come down the street toward the cafe . the calypso singer look away from betsy for the first time . as betsy also turn , in great relief , to see who be come , the calypso singer move quickly and silently out of the scene . a middle - age white woman , handsome and neatly dress in a suit with a norfolk jacket , appear in the entrance of the cafe . she glance briefly in the direction which the calypso singer have take and then at betsy and rand . she smile in a friendly way at betsy . mrs . rand I think you need some help . betsy I be afraid so . mrs . rand ti-joseph ? the older woman look over at ti-joseph . mrs. rand ( cont 'd ) ti-joseph , get Mr. rand on to he mule , please , and start he for home . ti-joseph come down and start to put he hand under rand 's armpit preparatory to help he to he foot . TI - joseph yes , mar 'am . betsy ( protest ) but he 's in no condition to ride -- I do not think he can even sit in the saddle . mrs . rand do not worry about a sugar planter . give he a mule and he will ride to he own funeral . ti-joseph get rand to he foot and help he stagger around the corner . from around the corner we can hear ti-joseph bellow . TI - joseph hey , boy ! bring up that mule -- that white mule , boy . Mrs. rand turn to betsy . mrs . rand I really intend go out to the Fort and meeting you long before this , miss connell . I be Mrs. rand -- wesley 's mother . betsy ( dismay ) oh , Mrs. rand -- mrs . rand ( interrupt ) come , come , do not tell I how sorry you be that I should meet you this way . ( put out she hand ) I be even a little glad that wesley 's difficulty bring we together . betsy take the older woman 's hand and they shake hand . betsy believe I , Mrs. rand , he do not do this often . this be the first time I have see he -- mrs . rand nonsense , child ! I know wesley 's be drink too much lately . I know a great deal more about what go on at Fort Holland than you would think . I know all about you -- that you be a nice girl , competent and kind to jessica . the Fort need a girl like you . ( break she mood ) but now we have get to get you back there . I will walk you back and stay over night . it will be a nice change for I . she take betsy 's arm and they start off . the camera dolly with they as they cross the space under ti Joseph 's awning . betsy thank you , Mrs. rand . I think you be every bit as nice as wes say you be . mrs . rand so -- he say I be nice . he 's a nice boy , too , miss connell , a very nice boy . but I be worried about he drink . she pause in she speech , stop for a moment at the very edge of ti-joseph 's domain and take betsy 's arm . mrs. rand ( cont would ) you could do I a great favor . betsy ( eagerly ) I would love to . mrs . rand use you influence with Paul . ask he to take that whiskey decanter off the dinner table . betsy ( protest ) I have no influence with Mr. Holland . mrs . rand try it -- you may have more influence than you think . fade out fade in ext . garden -- fort holland -- day Holland be walk down the path from the office toward the gate . he be carry a piece of sugar cane in he hand and be follow by a negro laborer in work clothes , who have several other piece of cane in he arm . they be talk as they walk . holland ( over he shoulder as they walk ) no . it be not a drought , bayard . the rain be just a little late , that 's all . bayard I have see the drought before , Mr. Holland . the cane 's too dry -- it 's dangerous that way -- it 's the drought . betsy come across the garden with a tray of medicine bottle in she hand and several linen sheet fold over she arm . she meet the two man at the path intersection . holland good morning , miss connell . betsy good morning . he wave bayard on and stop for a moment to speak with betsy . holland I hear about you little misadventure yesterday , miss connell . ( with a smile ) on you first " day off , " too . betsy well , I have a good time up to a point . holland ( sincerely ) wesley can be very entertaining . betsy ( encourage by he tone ) yes , he can . but I have be wonder -- you know if you could leave the whisky decanter off the table -- holland it 's always stand there , miss connell . I can remember it in my grandfather 's time and my father 's . I be afraid it will have to remain . betsy but for wes -- it must be a temptation to he . holland I have no sympathy with people who can not resist temptation . betsy still , I feel you should remove the decanter . wes be not a alcoholic yet , Mr. Holland . but as a nurse I can tell you that it will not be long before he be . holland ( coldly ) I be afraid the decanter will have to stay where it be . I engage you , miss connell , to take care of my wife , not my brother . they look at each other for a moment , then betsy turn and walk off without a word . Holland turn to rejoin bayard at the gate . dissolve ext . terrace -- dine table -- night it be a hot , windy night . the bush in the garden move violently with the gust of wind . even protect as they be by the great glass hurricane lamp , the candle flame that light the table be agitate and stir restlessly . tonight there be four people at dinner , Holland , rand , betsy , in a simple print dress , and jessica , in a lovely evening gown that leave she shoulder and arm bare . they have finish the first portion of they meal and clement be take off the soup plate . somewhere off in the hill there be the ululate sound of a great sea conch be blow . betsy you do not seem very disturb by it . I have always think voodoo be something to be scared of : the drum sound in the hill and everybody be frighten . holland I be afraid it 's not very frightening . they have they song and dance and carry on and finally , as I understand it , one of the god come down and speak through one of the people . rand for some reason , they always seem to pick a night like this . this wind even set I on edge . he reach out with he hand and then look around the table . it be obvious something be miss . both betsy and Holland notice he half - gesture . betsy glance at Holland . he smile and nod . rand ( cont 'd ) clement . clement , busy at the sideboard , look around toward he . rand ( cont would ) you have forget the decanter . holland I think from now on , wes , we will try serve dinner without it . rand oh , I see . the lord of the manor have decide to abolish one of the tribal custom . Holland make no answer . the conches blow wildly in the hill and a flurry of wind sweep the garden . rand ( cont would ) a economy move , I suppose . or , perhaps , Paul , you decide on a finer moral standard for we happy little household , now that miss connell be with we . Holland still keep he silence , although the muscle in he jaw twitch . rand ( cont would ) what be you try to do , impress she ? holland let 's drop it now , wes . we can talk about it later if you want . rand glower at he and make no immediate answer . a great gust of wind blow across the garden . the candle flame level out in one direction and then the other . rand but I want to talk now . why have you decide to take the whiskey off the table ? what 's behind it ? what nice , sadistic little plot be brewing this time , Paul ? holland ( with a glance at betsy ) let 's not discuss it , wes . the conches sound again in the hill , wildly and yet monotonously . rand ( with great sarcasm ) let 's not quarrel before the lady . let 's be reserve and gentlemanly . ( jump to he foot ) you be so gentlemanly when you drive jessica insane -- so polite when you make she into that ! he subside in he chair , shake , entirely out of control . he do not look at Holland , nor at betsy but at jessica . they sit there for a moment in complete silence . then Holland , obviously hold in he temper , rise and say : holland miss connell , I think it would be best if I have clement bring the rest of you dinner to you room . he turn and go into the live room . betsy also start to rise . rand still stare at jessica . dissolve int . betsy bedroom -- night the room be in darkness . betsy stand lean against one of the jalousy , look out through the slit between two panel . over the scene come the sad , masculine sorrow of the liebestod . it be be play well and forcefully on the piano in the live room . int . live room -- night from she window betsy can see Holland play the piano . int . betsy bedroom -- night betsy stand watch he . then suddenly , as if compel , she leave the window , open the jalousy door and go quickly out into the garden . int . live room -- night Holland be still play . the sound of the door open be hear . it startles he and he turn toward the sound . he see betsy and rise to face she as she step into the room . betsy I hear you play . holland ( try to hide behind brittleness ) I often do . betsy ( disregard he remark ) I know what you go through tonight . I keep think of what you say : that all good thing die here , violently . holland why do you come in here ? betsy I do not know . I want to help you . and now that I be here , I do not know how . Holland come close to she and look down into she eye . holland ( with unexpected sincerity ) you have help I . I want you to know I be sorry I bring you here . when I think of a nurse , I think of someone hard and impersonal . betsy ( look past he into the garden ) I love Fort Holland . holland what you see tonight -- two brother at each other 's throat and a woman drive mad by she own husband ? do you love that ? betsy you do not drive she mad . holland do not I ? I do not know . that 's the simple truth of it . I do not know . betsy shake she head and move closer to he . her face , upturn to he , be fill with pity . holland ( cont would ) before jessica be take ill , there be a scene . a ugly scene . I tell she I would not let she go , that I would hold she by force if necessary . betsy put she hand on he arm , in a instinctive gesture of sympathy and comfort . Holland look down at she hand and then , searchingly , into she face . holland ( cont would ) you would not understand that kind of love . you never know jessica as she be . beautiful , restless , willful -- live in a world with room for nothing but she own image and she own desire . betsy gently draw she hand away . she watch he face , lose in remember . holland ( cont would ) she promise so much -- warmth and sweetness ... she promise -- in the hill the conches blow wildly , echoing and answer each other from every direction . for a brief moment , the noise be so loud Holland could not speak if he want to and then , when he can , and do , he voice have change entirely . it be cold . it cut between he and betsy like a sword . holland ( cont 'd ) I think it may be best for all of we not to discuss this again . thank you -- I know you mean to be kind . dissolve ext . fountain -- night betsy stand look into the dark cistern . the wind still blow and the conches be sounding from the hill . but the noise of the water flow over the shoulder of St. sebastian can be hear above this other sound . the iron arrow in he breast glisten . betsy ( narrate ) I do not know how they own love be reveal to other woman -- maybe in they sweetheart ' arm -- I do not know . to I it come that night after Paul Holland almost thrust I from the room , and certainly thrust I from he life . I say to myself , " I love he . " and even as I say it , I know he still love he wife . then because I love he , I feel I have to restore she to he -- to make she what she have be before -- to make he happy . as the narrator 's voice cease , the camera hold on that small , silent figure before the fountain . fade out fade in int . mrs . holland bedroom -- day jessica be seat before the triptych mirror , face it blankly . at the other end of the room stand betsy and Dr. maxwell . Paul , he back to the window , face they . holland all that you say come down to the same thing . you be ask I to pass a sentence of life or death on my own wife . dr . maxwell insulin shock treatment be a extreme measure , Mr. Holland . but -- as miss connell point out when she suggest it -- this be a extreme case . holland ( to betsy ) you admit that it be terribly dangerous . why do you advise it ? betsy I have work with it . I have see cure . it be at least a hope . dr . maxwell it 's the very danger itself that make the cure possible , Mr. Holland . the insulin produce a state of coma , a stupor . the patient be revive from the coma by a violent overwhelming nerve shock . that nerve shock can kill -- but it can also restore the damage mind . holland I do not know -- I do not know -- dr . maxwell ( sympathetically ) it be a hard decision to make -- but yours be only a technical responsibility ... holland technical responsibility , real responsibility -- what difference do it make ? ( turn back to face they ) jessica life -- or she die . that 's what we be talk about ! betsy turn and look across the room to where jessica sit motionless before the mirror . betsy you be wrong , Mr. Holland . she turn back to face he . betsy ( cont would ) it be not a question of life or death . you wife be not live . she be in a world that be empty of joy or meaning . we have a chance to give she life back to she . Holland stare at she . he turn to the window and stand for a moment with he back to the room . dissolve omitted int . arched doorway of mrs . holland bedroom -- night through the doorway we see the enormous shadow of betsy and Dr. maxwell on the wall as they work over they patient . we hear the murmur of they voice although we cannot hear what they be say . in the doorway itself , lean against the wall look toward the room expectantly , anxiously , be Holland , half hide in the shadow of the arch . the shadow on the wall straighten up . we see betsy in shadow draw she hand wearily across she forehead . still in shadow , she turn toward the door , she shadow grow enormous as she come toward the source of light . as betsy come under the arch , Holland move to meet she . she turn to he . holland ( tensely ) well ? betsy she be alive , Mr. Holland -- that 's all . there be a little pause . then betsy look at Holland , she eye glisten with tear . betsy turn away slightly , close she eye for a moment to steady herself . Holland put he hand on she shoulder and turn she back to face he . holland ( gently ) do not take it to heart , betsy . betsy I imagine this so differently ... Holland take he hand from she shoulder . holland I have be wait here for hour , try to imagine jessica well again -- wonder what I would feel . I could see jessica as she use to be , I could hear she say in that sweet mock voice , " Paul , darling ... " the whole thing beginning all over again ... betsy ( dully ) and instead , I come -- bring you nothing . holland ( slowly look down at she ) instead -- you come , with sympathy , betsy , and a generous heart . do not forget that . do not call it nothing . betsy turn wearily and return to the sick room . Holland be about to follow she when he hear a low chuckle and turn to see who it be . int . the passage to the tower door as see from jessica be room -- day a few foot from Holland , lean against the wall , be rand . he have evidently be there some time . he be not drunk , but it be obvious he have be drink . Holland walk down the short corridor toward he . rand very sad , very sweet . the noble husband and the noble nurse comforting each other -- because the patient still life . I have be imagine too , Paul . you do not think of that , do you ? I see jessica come across the garden , I hear she voice . there be two page missing at this point where paul and wesley end there conversation . the script pick up in the middle of the next scene just after alma' sister have visited with her baby . betsy I suppose not . alma thing so bad , nobody can help -- not even Doctor maxwell . betsy doctor and nurse can only do so much , alma . they can not cure everything . alma doctor that be people can not cure everything . betsy ( with a puzzle look ) what do you mean -- " doctor that be people " ? alma ( slowly , almost sing - song ) there be other doctor ... yes , other doctor ... better doctor ... betsy where ? alma at the houmfort . betsy ( shaking off the idea ) that 's nonsense , alma . alma they even cure nonsense , miss betsy . mama Rose be mindless . I be at the houmfort when the houngan bring she mind back . betsy you mean mama Rose be like Mrs. Holland ? alma no . she be mindless but not like miss jessica . but the houngan cure she . betsy be you try to tell I that the houngan -- the voodoo priest -- could cure Mrs. Holland ? alma yes , miss betsy . I mean that . the houngan will speak to the rada drum and the drum will speak to shango and damballa . the camera move in to a close two shot of both woman 's face , betsy look thoughtfully at alma and alma return the gaze with equal intensity . alma ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) better doctor -- dissolve int . the dispensary - day this be a small , plainly furnish room with a plain table , a few bentwood chair and a medicine cabinet and a few washbasin and water pitcher on a shelf . Mrs. rand be kneel down at the side of the little , black pickaninny , rub ointment on a sore on he chest . betsy , in street clothes , watcher she . Mrs. rand finish she work on the little boy 's chest and begin to put he little shirt back on he . a obeah bag tie around he neck on a string get in she way as she try to button the shirt . she hold it up so that the little boy can see it . mrs . rand ti- Peter , how do you ever expect to get to Heaven with one foot in the voodoo houmfort and the other in the Baptist church ? the little black boy look at she with roll eye but do not answer . she give he a playful pat on the behind , start he on he way to the door . mrs. rand ( cont 'd ) ( to betsy , cheerfully ) some of this native nonsense . the houngan have he prescription and Dr. maxwell and I have ours . betsy you have never say anything about voodoo before , Mrs. rand . mrs . rand have not I ? I suppose I take it for grant . it 's just part of everyday life here . betsy you do not believe in it ? mrs . rand a missionary 's widow ? it be not very likely , be it ? betsy I do not mean believe , like believe in a religion . I mean , do you believe it have power ? do you think it could heal a sick person ? mrs . rand ( look hard at betsy for a moment ) frankly , my dear , I do not expect anything like this from a nice level - head girl . what be you drive at ? betsy I hear the servant talk about someone call mama Rose . they say she have be " mindless " ... mrs . rand her son drown . she brooded until she mind be affect . all the houngan do be coax she out of it with a little practical psychology . page be missing at this point as betsy and jessica leave fort holland and TRAVEL across the sugar cane field to the houmfort ext . the houmfort - night long shot . the camera be behind betsy and jessica as they go toward the houmfort through the sugar cane . we see this voodoo temple as they go toward it . it be a rickety structure of pole and lath , roofed over with a thin thatch of sugar cane and straw . it form a sort of rude pergola . in the center of this structure be a small , cubicle hut , make of rough board but neatly whitewash . from the rafter of the main structure hang crude chandelier of tin which give light to the ceremony . ( please see page 28 to 31 , life Magazine , December 13 , 1937 . all the detail mention above be graphically illustrate , near the little hut in the center of the houmfort , stand a altar cover with a lace tablecloth and litter with a childish jumble of plate , candle , little color stone and bottle . before this altar stand the houngan , the high priest of the voodoo ceremony , a small , stoop - shoulder man in a wear , white coat and trousers with rag cuff . several mild - look negroe in white trousers and shirt sit in kitchen chair on one side of the altar with rada drum between they knee . group around this altar in a loose semicircle be the worshipper , a group of mild - mannered , poorly - but-neatly - dress negroe . they seem to have make a effort to dress in they best and they best be very poor indeed . as betsy approach , she can see familiar face . as she come up they turn and look at she . they be not hostile nor greatly surprised ; just mildly curious . lead jessica by the hand , betsy take she place at one end of the semicircle around the altar . her arrival have in no way interrupt the ceremony . the houngan continue to chant before the altar , the rada drum beat and the crowd sing the chorus of the shango song at the proper interval . it be all very decorous and decidedly religious in tone . no sooner have betsy take she place with the other than the shango ritual approach its climax . the sabreur , a color man dress in white shirt and trousers , with a neat dark tie knotted under he collar , come in , bear a sabre in he right hand , hold it in stately , almost processional manner . he advance to the altar , strike it three time and at this signal two color woman dress in white beguine dress with square cut neck , a essential part of this religious costume , come forward . one hold a white leghorn chicken and the other carry a white rooster . they come together to the altar and for a moment , the figure of the houngan , the sabreur and the two Mam -lois hide the actual blood sacrifice from we . only the fact that the drum and the sing reach a climactic pitch reveal that some important portion of the ceremony have take place . instantly the drum and the sing stop . a young color girl jump up from she seat among the worshipper and begin shiver and quaking , cry out wordlessly . there be a cry from the people . the people put the god in she ! put the god in she ! the houngan prance forward , follow by the sabreur . the houngan hold a little saucer in he hand with some dark liquid at the bottom of it . he dip four finger into this liquid while the girl quiver and writhes before he in religious ecstasy . he mark she forehead with four strange mark , one with each finger . the sabreur , cry out the name of shango , four time , point he sabre to the four direction of the compass . there be a immediate transformation in the girl . her frenzy cease . she seem to be fill with a jubilant calm and dance into the clear space before the altar . her word be no longer meaningless . they have take shape and form and , when she speak , she speak with great resonance as if she voice come from somewhere other than she own throat . she be possess by the god , shango . one by one , people from among the group of devote dance into the circle , go up to she and beg for favor . one woman lead a little boy up to she . we hear she word as she call out to the possess girl : woman make he rich , shango ! make he rich ! the girl lay she finger on the boy' eye , and then take he shoulder and turn he around three time , evidently this be absolute guarantee of a enormous income tax to be pay at St. sebastian . the woman and she son retire happily , pleased and grin . finally , exhaust , the girl possess of the god , shango , sink to she knee and then fall fainting to the floor . two color man come in , carry she away . a great cry rise from the voodoo worshipper . worshipper damballa ! damballa ! damballa ! damballa ! the drum find a new rhythm . the houngan retire to one corner of the altar ; the sabreur to the other . two young girl , they beguine dress slashed and tear , dance in from either side . this be a wild and a impassion dance , a dance to damballa . there be no sing , only a occasional call from the crowd , " come to we , damballa ! " the dancer reach the climax of they dance and strike a plastic pose before the altar , each kneel on one knee , they arm hold to they breast , they forehead butte together . although not a muscle move , one can almost feel the tension of this two body . one of the rada drummer come up and crouch down hold a small drum almost under the chin of the two girl . the other drummer stop play and he begin to beat a quick staccato rhythm that grow faster and faster . in this play , as in the pose of the girl , there be tremendous tension . by now all cry have cease . everyone be silent , wait . then suddenly , from behind the close and curiously paint door of the inner houmfort , a voice speak . a voice that be light , pleasant and authoritative . voice ( muffle by the door ) where be my people ? let they bring I the rice cake -- let they dance and be happy -- there be a great ecstatic shout from the voodoo worshipper . voodoo worshipper ( shouting ) damballa ! damballa ! the sabreur dance forward , sword in he leave hand and a little plate with rice cake , in he right . he kneel down and place the plate near the door jamb . a line form at the door . betsy lead jessica by the hand take she place with the rest . she be third in the line of suppliant . she can see the whole procedure . the suppliant place he forehead against the forehead of the god paint on the door , and speak . the first suppliant be a weary - look field hand who shuffles to the door and speak in such a low tone that he word can not be hear . the second suppliant be a old woman , thin and work - wear . she speak sincerely and humbly and betsy , directly behind she , hear she word . old woman damballa -- my son do not take care of I . voice of damballa tell he he own little son will grow big . he , himself , will grow old . the son learn from the father . one day you son may stand here to complain that he boy do not take care of he . the old woman turn away , comfort -- hopeful . betsy look at she . she can see tear in the old woman 's eye . with jessica 's hand in hers , betsy take she place at the door . she put she forehead against the crudely paint forehead of the god . she talk to the door . betsy damballa ! this woman be sick . the door swing open slowly . the feeble light of the outer houmfort do not penetrate the darkness of the inner temple . a hand reach out from the darkness and take betsy 's hand and draw she in . the houngan follow betsy into the temple . the door shut behind he . jessica remain outside , stand before the door . int . inner houmfort - night a match flare and a hand bring it forward to light a oil lamp which flare brightly , revealing a little room of whitewash board , bare except for a table on which stand a small iron tripod from which a iron pot be suspend . although there be no fire under the pot , the steam rise from this receptacle and water boil and bubbles in it . it be the houngan who have light the lamp and , on the other side of the table be Mrs. rand . her face be serious and unsmile . betsy ( start forward around the table ) Mrs. rand . mrs . rand wait . do not draw any conclusion . let I explain . betsy but , Mrs. rand -- mrs . rand I know you would come . and I know I would have to come up here and talk to you . I could not let you go back without any word . I come to tell you again -- jessica can not be cure . betsy but how do you get here ? what be you do here ? mrs . rand I ask you to let I explain . it 's a long story . and not a easy one -- ext . the houmfort - night jessica stand patiently where betsy have leave she . the sabreur and two Mam -lois stand near she look at she and talk . we can not hear what they say . the drum and the song of joy for the come of damballa continue over the scene . suddenly , as if he have arrive at some decision , the sabreur , hold he sword stiffly in front of he , start toward jessica with little mincing step . int . inner houmfort -- night Mrs. rand , as if continue with something she have be talk about for a long time -- mrs . rand -- and when my husband die I feel helpless . they disobey I -- thing go from bad to worse . all my husband 's dream of good health , good sanitation , good moral for this sweet and gentle people seem to die with he . ( pause ) then , almost accidentally , I discover the secret of how to deal with they . there be a girl with a baby -- again and again I begge she to boil the drink water . she never would . then I tell she the god , shango , would be pleased and kill the evil spirit in the water if she boil it . she boil the water from then on . betsy but you do not have to come up here . mrs . rand perhaps not . but I do come here and I find it be so simple to let the god speak through I . once start , it seem such a easy way to do good . I should have know there be no easy way to do good , betsy . page missing where the sabreur cut jessica's arm and she doe not bleed . the worshipper realize she be a " zombie " . mrs. rand ( cont 'd ) betsy ! get she away -- back to the Fort ! do as I say -- they will not hurt you . another angle - shoot toward the inner houmfort . betsy run out from the doorway , take hold of jessica 's arm and start run with she . there be a movement in the crowd as if they be about to follow she . from the doorway of the inner houmfort , the houngan call out : houngan trouble . bad trouble . let she go . the crowd subside . dissolve ext . the banyan tree -- night betsy and jessica pass quickly under the dead goat , on they way home . ext . garden at fort holland -- night betsy come out of the tower door , close it behind she very quietly and cautiously . she start across the garden toward she room . from the shadow , Holland step out barring she way . holland where have you be , miss connell ? there be a pause . Holland stand look at she , take in she bedraggle appearance . betsy ( wearily ) I want to help you . holland help I ? how ? betsy I take Mrs. Holland to the houmfort . I think they might cure she . holland you have deliberately endangered Mrs. Holland 's life . there 's no tell what you may have start with this insanity . why do you do it ? betsy ( in a low tone ) I tell you . holland because you want to give my wife back to I ? why should that mean anything to you ? betsy ( not look at he ) you know why . you see it the other night at the piano . you turn away from I . holland ( put he hand on she shoulder , look into she face very closely ) what I see the other night , I do not dare believe , betsy -- betsy try to turn away from he . he grip she shoulder tightly . holland ( cont would ) I think I be look at a woman who love I and have compassion for I . yet you make that trip to the houmfort to bring jessica back to I -- betsy yes . Holland pull she close to he , look down into she eye . holland you think I love jessica and want she back . it be like you to think that -- clean , decent think . betsy ( simply ) she be beautiful . holland I hate she . betsy look up at he , astound by he word . holland ( cont would ) her selfishness make she empty and dead . she be a possession , a beautiful possession to own and hold -- but I never have a moment 's peace or happiness with she . they stand there , close together , look at each other . suddenly Holland put she arm around she . holland ( cont would ) betsy -- she lift she face , with a smile of complete love and trust . Holland study she face longingly , but do not kiss she . holland ( cont would ) I should never have bring you here . betsy there 's no happiness for I anywhere else -- Holland shake he head slowly , hopelessly . betsy ( cont would ) ( plead ) Paul , I do not want you to be alone , unhappy -- Holland let he arm drop from about she shoulder . holland ( coldly ) I may prefer it that way . they stand look at each other . the garden be still with the dead , heavy stillness of they hopelessness . then , from the direction of the houmfort , there be the sound of a single conch blow , loudly and insistent , a thin , higher call than we have hear before . int . live room -- fort holland -- day Mrs. rand , in a simple afternoon dress , be seat on the sofa . before she be a coffee table with a silver tea service . she be engage in pour tea . betsy be beside she help she . rand , in work clothes , be in a armchair near the sofa with a highball in he hand . also seat , and face Mrs. rand and betsy , be Dr. maxwell and commissioner jeffries . the latter be a dignify man of early middle - age . he be dress in a light business suit . at the window , at the rear of the room , stand Holland , talk with a Priest . as the scene open , Mrs. rand fill a teacup and hold it up toward Holland . he come toward she to pick up the cup , the Priest walk with he . as they walk , Holland speak : holland but I assure you , Father Walters , miss connell have no idea of the consequence when she go there . dr . maxwell Paul , we be not try to blame miss connell . it be not a question of blame . it 's a question of what we be to do with jessica . the commissioner be very concerned . jeffries it have become a serious problem . there 's so much gossip , rumor and agitation about the whole thing . holland I know . we have feel it at the mill . the man could hardly keep they mind on they work . rand well , jeffries , why come to we about it ? why do not you go up to the houmfort and put a stop to the drum and dance -- that 's what cause all the trouble . jeffries ( shaking he head ) no . you be quite wrong . right here 's the seat of the trouble . Mrs. Holland have become a object of speculation and religious interest to this people . it 's revive all they old superstition -- Zomby -- and that sort of nonsense . mrs . rand I would not worry too much , commissioner . it will pass . we have have this sort of thing before . dr . maxwell this be something else . they be curious . curiosity and religious fervor make a strange and explosive mixture . mrs . rand I be quite sure nothing will happen , Doctor . jeffries if I be as sure as you , Mrs. rand , we would not be here . I will tell you quite bluntly : for the peace of the island and possibly for she own safety , we have come to ask you to send Mrs. Holland away to St. Thomas . rand to the asylum ? jeffries I believe there 's a kinder name for it , wesley . at St. Thomas , it 's call the Institute for mental therapy . rand ( get up ) it do not matter what you call it . I can tell you right now jessica be not go ! Dr. maxwell look first at he , then at Holland , then back to rand . dr . maxwell fortunately , wesley , this be not a matter for you decision . rand you mean to say Paul can send she away -- that he can hand she over to stranger -- who will shut she up - maybe mistreat she ? he have not that right ! mrs . rand ( try to calm he ) wesley ! dr . maxwell I be afraid , wesley , he have that right . and I will have to urge he to use it . rand I tell you he have not and he would not dare use it if he have . jeffries why ? rand because he drive jessica insane -- deliberately -- coldly ! they all look at Holland . there be a long and awkward pause . Holland make no move to deny by word or gesture he brother 's accusation . finally , however , he break the pause by bring the teacup to he lip . jeffries that could be a serious accusation , rand , if it be not a foolish one . rand foolish ? tell they how foolish it be , Paul -- tell they ! holland ( very calmly but with a little uncertainty ) my guilt in this matter , if any , wesley , be not the subject of this discussion . rand but it be , Paul ! because that 's why you will not dare send jessica away ! Holland empty he teacup . carry the teacup and saucer very carefully , he walk across to the table in front of betsy , and set it down . betsy look at he . it be on she look , question and puzzle , that we dissolve int . inner houmfort -- day although it be broad daylight , the Inner houmfort be light with a rush light which burn weakly . the ceremonial pot of boil water have be remove from the table and , in its place , squatting cross -legge like a tailor , sit the sabreur . with one hand he hold upright a small , cheaply - make bisque doll , with flaxen hair . it be dress in a little white slip . from under the table rim , two dark feminine hand come up to put a white robe on the doll . the moment this garment have be drape on the little doll , a rada drum begin to beat softly in a corner of the room . the camera draw back to reveal that one of the girl who dance in the voodoo ceremony be kneel before the table . it be she hand which have dress the doll . there be about five people in the room , include the three drummer . the sabreur make magical pass over the doll . fade out fade in ext . gate of fort holland -- day betsy and Holland be stand in the gateway . the camera be pointed toward the garden . on the porch in the b.g. we can see Mrs. rand . betsy I still can not believe it Paul -- that you would not say a word in you own defense . holland I have no defense . so far as I know -- it be true . betsy you can not believe that . you do not know what viciousness it would take to drive a person mad . you be not vicious or cruel , Paul . holland how do you know I be not ? I be cruel to jessica . when I get to know she -- when I find out how empty and ungenerous she be , there be something about she -- something smooth and false -- that make we want to hurt she . betsy I can understand that . everyone feel that way about someone . holland no . it 's not just how I feel toward jessica . I have be cruel to even you . besty , smile , shake she head . holland ( cont would ) the first night I see you -- you be look at the sea . you be enchant -- and I have to break that enchantment . do you understand , betsy -- I have to break it ! betsy be shake by this , but she try to put it aside . betsy you want to warn I ... holland ( disregard she word ) the night you come to I in this room -- to comfort I , to help I -- I turn you away . betsy do not , Paul -- do not doubt yourself -- do not make I doubt you . holland I remember word I say to jessica - word mix like to poison -- to hurt she , to madda she . betsy ( desperately ) that 's past -- that 's over and do with ... holland I want you to be safe , betsy . I want to know you be away from this place -- home again , where nothing can harm you -- nothing and no one . betsy you want that ? holland yes . they stand look at each other in silence . dissolve ext . the porch -- day Mrs. rand be seat in a easy chair , obviously enjoy a interlude of leisure . clement come from the house , bring she a bulky newspaper , still in its mail wrapper . CLEMENT would you like to see the paper , Mrs. rand ? ( proudly ) this be we newest one . mrs . rand thank you , clement ! she take it and start slitting the wrapper eagerly . ext . the garden at fort holland -- day betsy and Holland start across the garden to the porch . ext . the porch -- day Mrs. rand seem they and wave a section of the paper in welcome . mrs . rand you be just in time . will you join I in the Sunday paper ? betsy and Holland sink into porch chair , look grateful for the shade . betsy take off she hat and toss it onto the coffee table . holland consider that the paper be three month old and this be not Sunday -- no thank you . betsy ( smile ) I guess I will wait until I be home , Mrs. rand . Mrs. rand look at a page of rotogravure section . mrs . rand ( casually ) that 's a long wait ... holland I be afraid not . betsy 's leave we , mother . Mrs. rand put down the paper and look at they , startle . holland ( cont would ) she 's decide to go on the next boat . mrs . rand why , betsy -- we can not lose you . you mean too much to we here . betsy that 's sweet of you , Mrs. rand . holland betsy feel there be nothing she can do for jessica ... page missing ext . garden at fort holland -- day rand and Dr. maxwell come through the gate and walk up the garden path . as they do so , Mrs. rand come down the porch step . betsy and Holland follow she . mrs . rand Dr. maxwell -- it 's nice to see you . rand ( grimly ) Dr. maxwell have very unpleasant news for we . holland ( nervously ) a accident at the mill ? dr . maxwell no -- it 's about Mrs. Holland . a result of we discussion the other day , I be afraid . holland what about she ? dr . maxwell in view of all the circumstance , the commissioner have decide on a legal investigation . holland investigation of what ? dr . maxwell of the nature of Mrs. Holland 's illness . and , of course , the event which lead up to it . holland in other word , I be on trial . dr . maxwell I do everything I could to forestall this , Paul . I do not think there 's any question of you innocence in the matter . but there 's be too much talk . the thing 's out of hand . holland maybe it 's better this way , mother . I be glad you be go home , betsy -- you will be out of the mess . rand but she be not . she 's be subpoena . Holland turn to the Doctor , he face stricken . dr . maxwell miss connell 's testimony will be very important . betsy ( quietly ) I would have stay anyway , Dr. maxwell . rand we be all in it . there will not be a shred of pride or decency leave for any of use . ( violently ) say something , Paul ! you have always be good with word . put some together , now , and tell we that you be not responsible -- that every damnable bit of it do not rest squarely on you shoulder ! mrs . rand you be wrong , wesley . the guilt be mine -- all of it . rand ( bitterly ) be you go to lie for he , mother ? mrs . rand betsy , tell they about the houmfort . tell they what you see there . betsy ( protestingly ) Mrs. rand ... mrs . rand you must , betsy . they will have to believe you . betsy ( reluctantly ) Mrs. rand be at the houmfort that night . but there 's nothing wrong with that . she 's go there for year -- try to take care of that people , to help they . rand what do you mean ? holland I do not understand ... dr . maxwell I think I do . ( smile ) I have often talk a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient 's throat . mrs . rand it 's more than that , Doctor . I have enter into they ceremony - pretend to be possess by they god ... they stare at she , dumbfounded . mrs. rand ( cont would ) but what I do to jessica be worse than that . it be when she go away with wesley . there be that horrible scene . she turn to rand . mrs. rand ( cont would ) you think she love you , do not you ? she do not . she do not love anyone except herself -- she reflection in the mirror , the look she could bring into a man 's eye . rand that be not true . you never understand she . mrs . rand ( disregard he protest ) that night , I go to the houmfort . I keep see jessica 's face -- smile -- smile because two man hate each other -- because she be beautiful enough to take my family in she hand and break it apart . the drum seem to be beat in my head . the chant -- the light -- everything blurred together . and then I hear a voice , speak in a sudden silence . my voice . I be possess . I say that the woman at Fort Holland be evil and that the houngan must maker she a Zombie . Dr. maxwell have be study Mrs. rand with a curious , intent expression . dr . maxwell and what happen then , Mrs. rand ? mrs . rand ( unsteadily ) I hate myself . I keep say to myself over and over again that this people have no power ; they have no strange drug ; that there be no such thing as a Zombie . dr . maxwell ah -- that 's where reason take hold . mrs . rand yes , I say it , and I make myself believe it . but when I get here , jessica be already raging with fever . dr . maxwell two thing have happen , Mrs. rand . one be that you daughter - in- law have be take ill with a fever . the other thing -- completely disconnect -- be that you have wish she ill , because she have hurt you son . mrs . rand ( protest ) but I have no think of harm she . it be not I ... dr . maxwell you be possess . that be true -- possess by you subconscious mind . you be in the houmfort , surround by they symbol . to they , nothing worse can happen to a person than to be make into a Zombie . you subconscious mind use they own word for evil . holland Dr. maxwell be right , mother . dr . maxwell ( gently and kindly ) emotion trick all of we , Mrs. rand . and you be a woman with a very strong conscience . that conscience have be torment you . the rest be coincidence . there be no such thing as a Zombie . the dead do not come back to life . death be final . from the hill come the sound of a single conch , loud and thin . the camera pan from the group around Mrs. rand to the tower door . jessica walk out of it and come slowly past the fountain . ext . houmfort -- night the camera be focused on a little five - and - ten-cent store doll about three inch high . it be dress in a crude imitation of jessica 's loose , belt , white gown . a thread be tie around it and this thread lead off , taut . the camera pan along the thread to show we that the other end of the thread , some twenty foot long , be hold by a negro , crouch near the altar . halfway between this man and the doll , the sabreur , he sword stick in the mound before he , straddle the thread , he hand clasped around the thread but not touch it . carre - four stand watch . the conch be blow its strange , magnetic call and the negroe be chant as they watch the sabreur and the doll . the sabreur make motion as if he be pull on the thread but still do no touch it . he make this motion over and over again . the doll move slowly . then suddenly stop . the sabreur 's most frantic effort fail to move it . omitted ext . the garden -- night another angle -- jessica come slowly past the fountain . rand' voice jessica ! she do not seem to hear but continue walk toward the gate . we hear the sound of run foot . Holland and betsy run up to jessica . Holland take she arm , but she continue to walk forward . he try to hold she . it be apparent he can not do so without the use of considerable force . betsy jessica ! jessica ! she pay no attention but continue to move forward toward the gate . betsy , realize that be something outside of she previous experience with the woman , have the presence of mind to run forward and slam shut the great wrought- iron gate . jessica walk up against the gate and stand there , unable to move any further . they stand and look at she perplex . ext . houmfort -- night the doll have stop move . the sabreur be exerting all he force . we can see the sweat soaking he white shirt . the other be chant , louder now , sway in rhythm with he pull movement . the conch be be blow with a more insistent and compelling note . still , the doll - figure refuse to move . the sabreur stop . the conches be suddenly silence . ext . garden gate -- night in this sudden silence , Holland and jessica look at each other across the motionless figure of jessica . holland the houmfort -- they be try to get she back there . betsy and Holland look at each other . then betsy take jessica 's arm . betsy come with I , jessica . obedient again , jessica allow betsy to turn she around and lead she back to the open tower door . as betsy and jessica go into the bedroom , the door close behind they . fade out fade in ext . the houmfort -- early evening close shot of a enormous black hand . the finger of this hand be spread out limply . on this hand stand the little five - and - ten-cent store doll which represent jessica . from beneath this hand , another smaller black hand come in and close the great finger around the doll . the camera pull back to show the exterior of the houmfort . the light be fade . the post of the houmfort and the figure of several voodoo worshipper be outline in silhouette against the darken sky . a single rada drum be be beat in light , quick rhythm . someone set fire to a heape - up bonfire of dry leave . the flame blaze up illuminate the scene more clearly , so that we can see a small group of voodoo adept squatting on they heel in a ring around the bonfire . near the bonfire stand carre - four and the sabreur , with the drummer crouch behind they . the sabreur take the doll from carre - four 's hand and hold it a foot or so away from he . the great black hand reach for it . again the sabreur take the doll away and dance off with mincing step to a distance of a few yard . carre - four lumber after he , he hand extend . again , the sabreur let he take the doll . close shot of carre - four 's hand with the doll upon it . from underneath , the smaller hand of the sabreur come in and close the great black finger over the little white doll . dissolve int . mrs . holland bedroom -- night the room be in darkness . in the faint light from the bar window , we see betsy sleep on the chaise lounge . a shadow move across she face . through the window , we see the great , cadaverous figure of carre - four . his hand close around the bar , he face press against they . then he let go of the bar and slip out of sight . his figure reappear at the next window . again , he try the bar and peer into the room . again , he vanish in the darkness . we hear a faint sound from the tower . betsy waken . her eye go quickly to the bed , where the outline of jessica 's figure reassure she . there be another muffle , drag sound from the tower . betsy sit up , listen intently . she get up and go toward the door lead into the tower . at the foot of jessica 's bed , she stop to grab up jessica 's white negligee , throw it around she she continue to the door and open it slowly and cautiously . int . the ground floor of the tower -- night betsy step into the lower tower room . the thick blackness of the place be faintly light by the open door into jessica 's window bedroom . she stand at the foot of the circle stone stair , strain to see into the darkness above . overhead , there be a sudden commotion of wing and shrilling - something have disturb the bat . very slowly and hesitantly , betsy move up a few step . the camera pan up from betsy , around the circle wall of the stair , to where the sharp blade of light from the slit window of the tower strike across the wall . a big black hand slide down the shaft of light . the camera pan back to betsy . she can see nothing , but she hear the dry , whisper sound of the hand move along the wall . she back down the few step and across to the tower door lead to the garden . ext . the garden at fort holland -- night betsy slip out of the tower door . she stand irresolutely by the fountain , watch and listen . she can see nothing in the black patch of the open tower door . she walk slowly into the garden . there be a faint sound behind she . fearfully , betsy look back across she shoulder . she see a shadow slip into the deeper shadow of the fountain , merge with they . quickly she move behind a tall shrub , look again toward the tower . she see nothing . a close shot of the fountain show the surface of the water in the cistern break by a spread ring of ripple . taut with fear , betsy leave the shadow of the tall shrub and slip over to a bush nearer the live room porch . as if in answer to this move , a whisper rustle come from the screen of bamboo against the tower - wing of the house . she stare toward the bamboo . she see nothing . a close shot of the bamboo show the leave tremble slightly . betsy look across the empty , defenseless space between herself and the porch step . steeling herself , she move into it , walk with the slowness of nightmare fear , look from side to side with the slight possible move of she head . at the foot of the step , she turn to look back at the bamboo . a distort shadow slither out from under the stalk . her panic release , betsy run up the step , down the shadowy porch to the door of Holland 's bedroom . betsy ( in a very low , choke cry ) Paul ... Paul ... she fling herself against the door , turn the handle , and run into the room , close the door behind she . into the space before the porch step move the great gaunt figure of carre - four . this be we first full sight of he in the scene . he be bare to the waist , wear only a pair of dark , rag trousers . he start up the step . ext . porch -- night betsy come out of the door to Holland 's bedroom , follow by Holland who have put on a robe . in a close shot , we see the shock that spring into they two face as they see carre four face they across the length of the porch , move toward they , a single slow step at a time . as carre - four see betsy 's white - clad figure , he hand come up slowly from he side . holland you ! what be you do here ? carre - four continue he slow , implacable move forward . his lift hand start reach outward . holland ( cont would ) get out of here . carre - four come on relentlessly , he great arm outstretch toward betsy , the enormous hand curving to seize she . fear come into Holland 's face . with a quick gesture , he press betsy back and step in front of she . holland ( cont would ) ( a little uncertainly ) get out of here -- carre - four be almost upon they . his shoulder press forward as he reach out . mrs . rand ( quiet , with great authority ) carre -four ! the single word freeze carre - four into immobility . astounded , betsy and Holland turn to see Mrs. rand at the far end of the porch -- she face and hair pale above a dark , coat like robe . mrs. rand ( cont would ) carre - four . go back . slowly , the giant figure obey . carre - four turn to face she . his hand relax , he arm fall to he side again . in he blind fashion , carre - four move back across the porch , turn and go down the step to the garden . Holland , who have be watch this transfix , start after he . mrs. rand ( cont would ) Paul ! Holland pause at the head of the stair and turn to she . mrs. rand ( cont would ) let he go . do not touch he , do not try to stop he ! betsy have come down the porch behind Holland and she and Mrs. rand stand together . all three of they look into the garden . carre - four slip through the gate and be immediately lose to sight in the darkness of the road beyond . fade out fade in int . betsy bedroom -- day as betsy step into she room , she see rand stand by one of the window . in he face and he posture be complete dejection , utter misery . rand betsy , can I talk to you a minute ? betsy ( with quiet sympathy ) of course , wes . she wait , inquiringly . rand take a few step into the room and turn to stare through the door , across the garden to jessica 's room . rand do she suffer ? do she know what she be ? betsy I do not know . ( try to ease the truth ) I once ask Dr. maxwell the same question . he say he think she be like a sleepwalker who would never waken . rand she hate sleep . she use to say it be a thief -- steal away she life , a hour at a time ... betsy ( try to speak lightly ) not to a nurse . sleep be a cure . betsy cross to the dress table and take a small cotton stoppere bottle from a drawer . she pull out the cotton and shake two little pill into she hand . betsy ( cont would ) ( go to rand ) in fact , I be prescribe sleep for you right now . she put they into he hand . betsy ( cont would ) be a good patient . take this and go to bed . rand ( suddenly ) she 's dead . the dead ought to be bury . betsy ( gently ) but she 's not dead , wes . rand ( violently ) you know what she be ! that 's death -- no mind , no sense -- no love , no hate , no feel -- nothing ! betsy please , wes , do as I ask . you must rest , you must sleep . rand turn he hand and let the tablet fall to the floor . rand ( dully ) she should have rest . ( look up at betsy ) she should not have to walk and walk , in that black emptiness . ( with realization ) you could set she free . you could give she rest . you could give she rest . betsy , alarmed and troubled , put she hand on he arm . betsy do not think of it , wes . I could not do that . rand turn and take hold of she arm pleadingly , urgently . rand you could do it . you have drug -- it would be so quick -- a single injection . if you will not do it for she sake , do it for Paul . betsy shake she head . betsy no , wes . rand jessica be never any good for Paul . you will be , you be . and mother -- see jessica day after day -- never able to escape , never able to forget . please , betsy -- it 's only merciful . he look into she eye and see the finality of she refusal there . his hand drop from she arm and he turn away . betsy ( with great pity ) her heart beat , wes . she breathes . that 's life -- I once take a oath to guard life . rand straighten up and take a deep breath . rand I know . I should not have ask it . he start slowly to the open door . dissolve ext . houmfort -- night the houngan and the sabreur be work over the doll again . it begin to move . ext . garden -- night shoot toward the gate from behind rand where he still sit at the table . jessica , dress in a white nightgown , come slowly out of the tower and move toward the gate . rand watch she . the gate stop she progress . ext . the houmfort -- night the doll have stop despite the frenzied effort of the sabreur and the wild chant of the voodoo adept . nothing can make it move again . there be a whisper consultation between the sabreur and the houngan . the houngan lift he hand and the drum begin to beat a light rapid rhythm . the sabreur dance toward the doll , make a menace move with he saber . when he reach the little image , he put the point of he saber in the ground and draw from he bodkin , a long needle . with one swift movement , he stab this through the doll 's back . ext . garden -- night as see from rand 's angle . he rise slowly , drain the liquor in he glass , walk forward to where jessica stand at the gate . he look at she for a long moment and then , as if a resolve have form in he mind , go to the statue of St. sebastian , take hold of one of the iron arrow . he tug at it , but it refuse to come free . he put he foot up on the wooden breast of the statue and give a hard pull . the long , iron arrow come out in he hand . with this in he hand , he walk to where jessica stand . he pull back the latch bar and throw the gate wide open . jessica move out into the darkness . rand follow she . ext . road in front of fort holland -- night shoot toward the gate . jessica , follow by rand , walk into the darkness . int . houmfort -- night the kettle of water , without a fire , be still boil . the camera move around the room to show that it be empty . then move up on a small shelf before which a candle be burn . on this shelf , a few inch above the candle flame , stand the cheap little doll dress like jessica , with the needle in its back . suddenly , the doll fall forward on its face . ext . seashore -- day for night rand carry jessica 's dead body in he arm , come down to the sand . the surf . rand reverently place the body in the lap water of the surf . the backward drag of a outgo wave draw it silently away from he . he watch it go . a return wave , tall and forward curving , upthrust the body of jessica so that we see it in the semi-transparency of the wave . mo . close shot of rand . the body come float to he foot . rand carry the body a little further into the surf so that the wave when they come in flow past he knee . again , the outsurge take the body away . a return wave bring jessica 's body back again . ( there be a famous painting by boecklin , call " and the Sea gave up its Dead " which should somewhat influence the composition of this scene . ) mo . close shot -- rand . he walk forward to secure the return body . this time , he pick it up in he arm and start wading forward . rand be walk forward with the body in he arm . the sea be up to he hip . the outgo surge tug at he . he struggle to regain he foot , miss and be draw out to sea . ext . sea -- night -- ( process ) the star seem to have fall to the surface of the sea . we see light here and there , only a few foot from the water , flaring and sparkling . ext . sea -- flounder fisherman -- night -- ( process ) mo . long shot . this be a closer shot of the scene and identify the light . there be torch hold in the hand of black fisherman , up to they knee in water , spearing flounder by torch light . ext . sea -- night -- ( process ) closeup -- flounder fisherman . he be move slowly through the shallow water he spear raise . suddenly , he make a darting strike with he spear . with a cry of triumph , he hold aloft a struggle flounder . he disengage it from the spear and put it into the sack sling from he belt . mo . close shot -- another fisherman . he , too , be move stealthily forward , spear poise , torch hold low . something on the surface of the water near - by attract he attention and he lift up he torch , the periphery of the light widen as he hold it aloft . the widen light reveal the dead body of jessica afloat on the surface of the water , pallid and dreamlike , she wet , white garment cling like cerement . the fisherman look for a moment at the body and then call off to one of the other fisherman . long shot -- flounder fisherman , they light all converge on a central light . ext . beach -- night mo . close shot . a group of flounder fisherman come out onto the land . they be carry the body of jessica and rand . they start in the direction of Fort Holland . ext . gate at fort holland -- night the fisherman come in bear they tragic burden . rand 's body be carry on the shoulder of four fisherman . behind walk carre - four and in he gigantic arm be the body of jessica ; she wet hair and garment drip from the great arm of the still - live Zombie . the upheld torch and spear of the fisherman give a weird , processional feel to the group . ext . dine terrace -- night Holland , betsy and Mrs. rand stand watch the fisherman bring in the body of the dead . across the garden from the fountain stand the little group of house servant also watch . the procession pass the fountain of St. sebastian and the camera goe in to show the glisten sad face of the saint . fade out fade in ext . STREET corner -- ottowa -- day the camera , as in the first portion of the script , pan down the sign , pause for a moment at the firm name of the parrish & burden sugar company . then it continue its downward movement to disclose a portion of the street itself , in the fall snow betsy be stand with she back to the camera , look up at the sign . betsy voice ( narration ) it be a sad time at Fort Holland . mother rand be completely break by the tragedy . but she 's a woman of courage . she 's begin to build up she life again at St. sebastian -- it 's a good life and a full one . as for Paul and I -- it be not a simple problem for either of we . a closer shot of betsy as she stand wait . she be dress in a fur-collared coat and have a little round fur cap on she head . she look very attractive and very happy . the door of the office open and Paul Holland come out , muffle up he overcoat . betsy take a half step to meet he . he take she arm with a well - use and familiar gesture . paul sorry to keep you wait , darling ! I think I would never get away . invoice and stock list pile up all day long . the balmy tropic be never like this . betsy ( give he arm a little squeeze as they start walk toward the camera ) I would not have minded wait . I never mind wait for you -- only we be dining with the Wilkins . I do not want it say all over ottowa that the holland be always late . they pass the camera which hold for a moment on the sign and the fall snow , then we fade out the end