identity i.d. screenplay by Michael cooney revision by Michael cooney , 12-07-01 Michael cooney , 12-20-01 Michael cooney , 01-21-02 color revision by James Mangold Blue , 02-14-02 pink , 03-01-02 yellow , 03-11-02 Green , 4-1-02 konrad picture director - James Mangold producer - Cathy konrad 1b jm 3/11/02 1. fade in : int . apartment bedroom - night - rain hold in darkness . rain against glass . we be in a cold plush condo . headline and diploma line the wall . a tv dribble sport score ... a phone ring ... a groan as a man in a suit be awoken . a arm lash out , hit a speakerphone -- speakerphone «-- Gary ? you awake ? man be I awake ... uh. yes , greg ... speakerphone ... there 's gonna be a midnight hearing in the Rivers case . Defense find a notebook mis-file in evidence . a diary . ... argue to the State supreme it be supress . the man bolt up , hit a light and snatch the receiver -- give he a shave , he could be president -- we will call he - the district attorney what the hell be you talk about ?! int . courthouse lobby -- night -~ rain -- continuous | ' the man on the speakerphone pace 8 désert marble '' lobby : out a archway , we can see the rain pour down . holding a cel and a briefcase , he 's a young lawyer who we ’1ll call -- assistant d.a . they punte it to judge Taylor a hour ago , Gary . ' told he if he want the execution to go forward , he would have to hold a evidenciary tonight . * we intercut between the men ~- int . condo & int . courthouse -- district attorney ( on phone ) this be not happen . the Assistant d.a. watch as a car screech into a spot outside . a detective ( varole ) jump out , clutching folder -- assistant d.a . no one 's here yet . no media -- it happen under the radar . ... the prisoner transport leave ely a hour ago . ee fh of + * tee + + + ee fo * * + + ff HH - jm 3/11/02 2 . ! bo ' > district attorney * '' ..- leave ely ?.. ... what transport ? * 7 assistant d.a . * the diary give they a open , * Gary , to argue insanity again . they * say they need Rivers present . so * they pump he up with drug and * put he in a transport -- * the district attorney freeze , turn into a big close up . * '' district attorney assistant d.a . * that be fucking unheard of ! '' it 's outrageous ... * the night before he * execution ?! how could you let .-- Gary ... there 's nothing I * this happen ?! they can not could ... ... defense * chauffeur a blue-watch . insisted ... * prisoner around the desert in the middle of a fuck * hurricane ! * : assistant d.a. ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) * I could not stop it , Gary ... I try * to call you ... * district attorney * just fix it ! fix it ! Wednesday * morning if I do not read that * cocksucker 's obituary , you can * write you own ! ( click ) * thunder rumble as we -- CUT to : * 1 ext . golden palm motel -- night * a motel in the middle of nowhere -~ rain slashes down through * : the dark desert sky -- make it difficult to see the front * of this fifty eyesore ... * a crackle of thunder in the distance . a neon flash * invitingly , seemingly unaware of the thunder storm ... rain * rush from gutter , off the roof , flooding the courtyard . * CuT to : * 2 int . reception , golden palm motel -- same time * rain cascade from the eve of the motel in front of the door * to the office . we hear a television with bad reception ... * gm 3/11/02 3. , oo close on -- larry , the motel manager -- pass time with a * xc '' wheel of fortune " drink game -- Hell , there 's nothing * else to do tonight , the place be empty . * larry * come on ... buy a vowel . * t.v. : * I think I would like to buy a vowel ... * larry yeee !! he slam down another shot of something dark and syrupy ... larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) * alright , let 's go for a spin ... without warning , the door burst open and a man crash in carry a woman in he arm -- there 's blood everywhere - the man be GEORGE york , loving husband and father of one - ' and the woman he wife , alice -- bleed to death - GEORGE a she will not stop bleed . a larry Jesus . what happen ? George go to answer , but the picture freeze frame - smash to : | 3 ommitted / 4 int . minivan ( moving ) -- same time : wiper click to and for , swish in the rain . it 's George and Alice again , a hour earlier . they be a sweet couple -- somehow the President of the Science Club manage to marry the Captain of the cheer squad ... the radio report a oncoming storm , flood alert , etc . and chime six o'clock . timothy , they ten-year- old boy , lie in the back amid a pile of toy and book . he play with a speak math toy . toy voice 4 time 12 be forty eight ... '' of - jm 3/11/02 4. alice timothy , honey -~ can you not do that right now ? we be try to hear about the storm . ( to she husband ) sure you do not want I to drive , George ? GEORGE let 's stick to the plan . I will get we to Anderson . you take over after we get something to eat . 76 mile . that 's a hour and twenty two minute at this speed . close on -- the speedometer -~ exactly 55 mph -- George concentrate on the road once more ... a man who need precise order to survive ... Alice return to she magazine - suddenly - - a loud explosion -- GEORGE ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) * oh boy ! the minivan veer across the road -- Alice yell out -- but George be not panic -- he 's mumble to himself - GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * turn into the spin . apply the brake with short firm pump . check mirror . George correct the tail spin and bring the vehicle safely onto the soft shoulder -- he 's even remember to indicate . CUT to : * ext . desert highway -- moment later ~- twilight George reach under the wheel arch and pull out ' something that be lodge in the molten remain of the radial -- it look like zebra hoof with a six inch spike nail to it . alice what be that ? GEORGE +.. I think it 's a shoe . again , the picture freeze frame - smash to : jm 3/11/02 5 . ext . desert highway -- twilight -- five minute ago a aging tran am roar past . a ‘after market ' convertible , meaning someone take the roof off with a chain see -~ it 's be drive by paris nevada , Vegas call girl ~- late twenty ... she fumble out a cigarette and start look for a lighter -- purse , nothing -- Glove box -- nothing -- as she remember -- the picture freeze frame - smash to : int . vega suite -- day -- one hour earlier ... dim lighting -- in close up -- Paris flick she lighter and light a line of birthday cake candle -- pull back to reveal that the candle be in fact stick on a fat naked businessman who be tie to the bed , cover in whipped cream ... paris ( sing ) for he 's a jolly good fellooow ... which nobody can deny ... she toss the lighter in she suitcase - smash back to : ext . desert highway -- twilight Paris see the bulg suitcase on the back seat - paris damn . without slow down , she reach for the bag and start for the lock -~ there 's a rip sound as the bag be tear open by the gale . and clothes ' start fly everywhere - paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont no ) * Jesus shit ! she find the lighter , light she cigarette , but it fizzle out . she look upward as -- rain begins to come down on her from the dark sky above . paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) * God dammit ... she toss the butt and flick on she wiper and the radio , hold a burpee catalog over she head . 10 jm 3/11/02 6. we hear the same broadcast hear in George 's car . the hour chime - six o'clock . as she tran be roar off , clothes be distribute by the gust wind ... and a single object land on the wet road , tumble over and over until it come to rest ... a shoe . to be precise , a ' zebra skin ' stiletto with six inch ' hooker heel ' ... smash back to : omitted ext . desert highway -- later -~ night night have fall and the rain 's get harder . George bolt a pathetic '' mini tire '' onto the van , a flashlight propped on the ground . Alice stand over he , hold a umbrella look skeptical . alice why do not we get a better spare ? GEORGE do you know what radial cost , Alice ? alice do not be defensive . GEORGE if the point be to save up so we can put he -- put timmy -- into the right school - alice ( sigh ) you want a juice ? GEORGE no , thank you . a bang on the window and Alice look up to see -- timothy smile at she ... he hand press to side glass . she press she hand to the window over he and smile . he take he away . and smile . -- she take hers away . he shuffles on he knee backward from the window . -- Alice take a step back from the window . smile . suddenly -- hell explode -- jm 3/11/02 7. ( > ) alice be hit by a black car -- she 's hurtle through the air -- timothy 's eye be contort with terror -- his mouth open -- but no sound come out -- George be send tumble -- and Alice land beneath a road sign , she neck slashed open -- and the car , a limousine , screech to a standstill -- George roll over onto he front to see he wife 's crumpled body . he run to she , still hold the jack handle -- the only sound be timothy 's strange voice - less cry -- and distant thunder ... : GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Alice ! oh , my God -- he turn back to the limousine -- it 's motionless and quiet . George run to it and start pound on the dark window -- GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) what have you do ?! what have you do ?! the picture freeze frame — smash to : il int . limousine -- night -- rain -- one minute ago wiper swing to and for ... the radio chime 6:30 ... a woman ride alone in the back -- caroline suzanne -- a semi - famous 7u' - movie actress . she dial a number on she cell phone and wait ... and wait ... caroline come on , Harry . pick up . pick up the phone ... insert : 12 int . vega suite -- same time the nake fat man that Paris nevada light with candle be now alone -- eat frost cake off he fat belly -- he choke as he cell phone ring and can not get to answer it - jm 3/11/02 fat man | _/ .- shit ... i | back to : 1 13 int . limousine -- same time caroline still wait ... ringing ... we hear a voice mail prompt ... caroline ..- Jesus . ed , the driver , pull at he tie and glance back in the rear view , not really interested . there 's a darkness in he eye , but a quiet calm about he . he will not let she get to he . | caroline ( on phone ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) Harry , we need to talk . I walk off the set . I be in my car and go home . I know they be go to call you and tell you I be in breech but clearly they do not read my deal . they have I in a room with no tub and seal window at a ramada on the same floor as the fuck a.d .! I be on my cell -- I be gonna try you on you -- ( she phone beeps and die ) --- shit. God dammit ! hey . I think I have a spare battery up there . hello ? I be talk to you ! Driver ! ed Excuse I ? caroline I think I put a spare battery in the. side pocket of my vuitton . beside you . Ed glance at the Louis vuitton ensemble stuff into the seat well beside he . ed any idea which ... caroline in the duffle ! just look ! it 's right on top ! the side pocket . ed '' yf ( look ) ~- I be sorry , miss Suzanne . ( more ) jm 3/11/02 9 . i ed ( cont would ) ! but I do not see anything ~- there 's * : kt ) nothing -- * ~ caroline * ( lean forward ) * you be not look ! under the flap . * there ! * Ed look again , but there 's nothing there -- suddenly he * glance up just as -- * ed * Jesus ! * caroline watch out ! rapidly approaching through the windshield ---- GEORGE 's minivan --- and alice -- who step into the path of Ed 's limo ~- ed slam on the brake -- but the limo hit her -- she body fly at the windshield , up and over -- Ed screech to a stop and move to get out -- but caroline grab he -- caroline ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * what be you do ?! if you help they , you assume responsibility . ec ed ( pull away ) it be my responsibility . -- let go . : caroline do not say that - and do not tell they I be here - if they get a . glimpse of someone famous , they will i smell blood . | | Ed exit , slamm the door on caroline -- 14 ext . desert highway -- same time Ed hurry to George , who stand over he wife -- he 's panic -- unable to find reason or order in the accident - GEORGE what have you do ?! what have you do ?! ed let I take a look . ane - jm 3/11/02 10 . . nos Ed kneel over Alice as George stand and start to recite from highway code - GEORGE " ... the driver of every motor vehicle who be in any manner involved in a accident originate from the operation of a vehicle ... ( continue ) Ed examine the gash in Alice 's neck . he roll he coat and put it under she head . he pull a kerchief from he pocket , glance at George beside he recite traffic code -- then notice timothy , stand in the rain , stare , terify . . ed : : «.. uh . you get a t-shirt in the van ? * timothy stare at he , frighten . Ed cross to they van and grab a towel . he wrap it around Alice 's neck and grab timothy , carry he to the van -- he put timothy inside and turn to -- GEORGE .»+- shall , within ten day after the e accident , report the accident ... ed what 's you name ? GEORGE George . George York . that 's my boy , timothy . -- why didn 't you see US ?! ed George . we need a ambulance . right now . ... do you have a phone ? : . GEORGE . no , no . ... you can not have that thing around child . ..- microwave . Ed blink , baffle by this man . he take the jack handle from George and instruct he -- ed go over there -- keep she dry . Ed cross to he limo ande reach for the door but -- the lock SNAP down . he pull on the door handle and glare at he own reflection in the tinted window . a I aaeaeeeeaaaaaee ene neem nena 15 16 17 gm 3/11/02 11 . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * Lady . open the door ! we need you phone ! no response -- Ed step back , and smack out the window with the jack handle ~- he reach in and take the phone from caroline -- caroline Jesus ! alright ! the phone 's dead , remember ! -- I look . there 's no battery up there . Ed toss down the useless phone , and look at the road ahead ... rain come down harder ... lightn in the distance . cut to : ext . golden palm motel -- night now the rain slashes down -- the limo screech into the motel lot -- and George clamber out , hold Alice -- we follow he - int . reception , golden palm motel -- continuous the open scene again -- as tell from George 's perspective - - George stagger towards Larry , the Motel manager ~ GEORGE . she will not stop bleed . larry Jesus . what happen ? GEORGE it be a accident . there be a accident . May we use you phone ? Larry pick up the desk phone and try a line ... click on the receiver ... click again ... nothing ... once more the picture freeze frame - smash to : ext . desert highway -- night -- rain Paris nevada 's convertible tran be have stop -- the road have completely flood out -- Paris be soak ... 18 19 jm 3/11/02 12 . she sling the gear into reverse and back up fast ~- bam -- right into a telephone pole -- cable snap -- the pole lean over . a fizz of SPARKS from the top of the pole . paris -- shit ! smash back to : int . reception , golden palm motel -- night Larry try again - larry I be not get a line . -.- it happen in the rain . he keep try as Ed enter , carry timothy - GEORGE the phone be not work . larry Saint jude have twenty - four hour emergency . thirty mile east . Ed put timothy down and cross toward the door . ed you stay here . get she in bed and keep pressure on the wound . ( exite into the rain ) I '1l come back with a ambulance . George , still grasp for sanity , turn to Larry - GEORGE we will need non-smok . she hate cigarettes . Larry glance at the injure woman . int . limousine -- moment later Ed start pull caroline 's bag from the limo and stack they on the curb . ed it 's a step down from the ramada , but it 's gonna have to do . start ft | of : jm 3/11/02 13 . | of ~ caroline ‘o > ( stunne ) - .. what be you do ? stop it . I be not stay here . put my bag back . * you work for I . this be my car ! ( grab Ed 's hand ) .-. look . I understand that bleed person have a medical condition . but so do I ! my lung wall have deplete scilia . if I stay here I will asphixiate . 20 ext . golden palm motel -- moment later caroline be heave out into the rain with she bag as -- the limousine speed away -- caroline I be call you goddam supervisor ! caroline straighten herself and run out of the rain . 21 int . reception , golden palm motel -- continuous Close on -- a small copy machine , scan . Larry nimbly flip back the cover and grab the driver 's license of -- caroline Suzanne , who stand uncomfortably in he office with she bag . Larry notice she photo on the i.d. as he hand it back . he look up at she , squinting . larry hey ... do not you use to be that actress ? caroline shoot a fierce look . tries to squeeze out a smile . caroline oe eyosee . Larry grab a key from the board . caroline slip a fifty on the counter and Larry notice -- she stuffed vuitton wallet . * caroline ( cont 'd ) ( cont no ) * ... uh . be that a nice room ? while I be leave soon , I have still prefer a nice room , you nicest , if that 's possible . C 22 22a jm 4/1/02 14 . larry eight 's pretty cozy . CUT to : ext . desert highway -- night paris 's tran am splutter and cough through the downpour -- and suddenly die -- soak to the skin , Paris curse . but then in the distance she spot -- headlights approach -- paris leap out into the downpour , blasting her horn , wave ... ed 's limo slow and stop beside she . Paris pick up she bag and lean in the window as it hum open - paris : you want I in back or front ? cur to : int . ed 's towne car -- night -- minute later Ed lean close to the windshield , try to see through the slashing water . Paris sit , watch he . paris you know , .. you be head east . this be the direction I be go . ed the hospital 's this way . paris it 's flood this way . it 's a dead end . Ed do not respond . paris ( cont have ) do you hear what I just say ? ed ( keep - drive ) --- yes . '' frustrate , Paris sigh and - glance down at Ed 's stuff on the seat . she notice a plastic box of pill in he bag -- and then she eye fall upon one of he book -~ jm 4/1/02 15 . + + oy '' be and nothingness '' by sartre . she crack it open and a come upon a mark passage . paris ( cont have ) ..- everything which exist be bear for no reason , carry on through weakness , and die by accident . ( look up ) what the hell be that ? +t the et * ed | --- my life . + CUT to : * 23 int . room four -- night | . George ease Alice onto the bed -- Little timothy hover in | the doorway . George try to offer he a smile as he press a towel to Alice 's neck . he gesture , beckone timmy inside . GEORGE . come in , timothy . we do not want mommy catch a chill . ae , the boy enter nervously . George pull out a medicine bottle D with a spoon rubber - band to the side . GEORGE ( cont have ) here . you need to take you medicine . then we will read a book . cur to : 0 23 . jm 3/11/02 15 . Ed keep drive . Paris sigh and look off out the window . ed I think this be a desert . paris you nre not from Vegas , be you ? ed .--. Los Angeles . paris -.. couple time a year , it come down like this . pour like someone turn on a faucet . I use to like it . for a few day , the city do not smell like onion ring . ed '' ++ how long you live there ? paris 'a while . ... too long . ( beat ) you really should turn around , Ed . ed if you do not mind , I gotta try . Paris smile , sigh and look at one of Ed 's book on the seat . flip through it ... heavy read ... curious man ... cuT to : int . room four -- night George ease Alice onto the bed -- Little timothy hover in the doorway . George try to offer he a smile as he press a towel to Alice 's neck . he gesture , beckone timmy inside . GEORGE come in , timothy . we do not want mommy catch a chill . the boy enter nervously . George pull out a medicine bottle with a spoon rubber - band to the side . GEORGE ( cont would ) here . you need to take you medicine . then we will read a book . curt to : tee HH hk + of eee + % 0 jm 3/11/02 16 . ext . desert highway -- night ed 's limo have coughed and stall -- in two feet of water . stand in the flow , Ed splashes , angrily kick a tire . ed goddamit ! shit. Paris sit shotgun , puruse a thumbworn copy of sartre . she look at he through a open window . paris I tell you ... before Ed can respond , he 's blind by the light of another car --~- come up behind they toward the flood road -- quickly , he sloshes forward to stop they - ed stop ! you can not get through ! there 's no way through ! we meet ginny , behind the wheel -- early twenty , college cool . in the passenger seat -- half -asleep , probably hang - over -- lou -- same age , grunge -- wear dark glass -- ginny Lou . wake up . Lou what 's go on ? narrive at the window ) I need a cell phone . Ed rap at the window . Ginny roll it down halfway . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) we need a cell phone . do you have one ? Lou who want to know ? ed look . there 's be a accident and I need a phone . now . lou ( over he glass ) dude , slow down . first of all , we do not know who you be -- second of all , I do not see no accident , so -- jm 3/11/02 17 . furious , Ed lean in the car -- straight over Ginny -- right in Lou 's face , grab he collar -- lou ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * Jesus ...! ed listen to I , dude , I be have a very fuck up , very wet , very bad fuck day , and I suggest if you or you girl have a phone in you possession -- lou alright ! okay ! we do not have one . Ed pull himself back out , look to Ginny . ed then I need you to give we a lift in the other direction . ginny . it 's flood that way too . ..- worse than this . Paris appear behind Ed . she be soak . and sexy . lou only thing between there and here be a shit bag motel . * ed that 's where I come from . paris I guess it 's where we be go . Ginny eye Paris supiciously -- Lou 's eye drift to the tee shirt that cling to she . lou unlock the door . let ’em in . ( off Ginny 's look ) -- what , it 's pour . Ginny unlock the door . Ed run back to he limo to fetch something . Paris climb in and meet Lou 's eye . lou ( cont ’d ) ( cont no ) * hey . 25 jm 3/11/02 18. paris ».- hey . Ed return with he book and a small bag . he climb in next to Paris . slam the door . ed let 's go . CUT to : int . / ext . reception , golden palm motel -- night Larry stand in the door , look out as -- Ed leap from Ginny 's car . ed ' the phone still dead ?! Larry watch as Paris , Lou and Ginny climb out -- his eye lock onto Paris -~ and hers onto he . she do not like he . larry «-eyeah -- ... where 's you lincoln ? ed ( crossing to Ed ) stuck in the run-off 2 mile from here . the other way 's fuck too ... the girl be strand ... the kid give we a lift ... larry «». she a hooker ? ed ( stay on - point ) be there another way out of the valley ? can I just cut through ? larry ( shake he head ) ... you would not make it five hundred foot . ' Ground 's so baked , the water 's get no place to go . ed how 's the woman ? larry I dunno - they're in number four . Ed leave immediately -- and Larry cross inside -~ ee ore 26 jm 3/11/02 19 . inside -- ginny look over fade tourist brochure on a rack . one catch she eye . it feature picture of native american relic and painting of a bloody battle . the headine read -- '' the shoshone tomb '' . she look up to see -- Lou watch -~ Paris , as she lean over Larry 's desk , check thing out . Lou feel Ginny 's stare and turn away . Larry step to the other side of the counter and cross to he money box , which he close . he look Paris in the eye . larry we do not rent room by the hour . paris : funny . you still serve food ? larry vend machine be round the corner . the room be warm , dry and thirty buck in advance with a copy of you license . any taker ? Paris slap down she license and some cash . paris Excuse I . I be talk to you . I have appreciate it if you look at I . larry I like to look at normal people . paris really ? then I would suggest you stay away from mirror . CUT to : int . room four -- night Ed enter to see George sit by he wife . she look pale . her eye be close , she breathe labor . timothy sit play with he toy . Ed ruffle timothy 's hair as he pass . ed we be a little stick here , George . I do not think we can get out tonight . George stand , speak quietly to Ed . 27 jm 3/11/02 20 . GEORGE she keep shaking . ed she 's in shock . let I have a look . Ed peel back the T-shirt dress -- blood weep copiously -- timothy step back , frighten ... ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) do you wife pack a sewing kit ? George shake he head -- no . ext . motel courtyard ~-- night Ginny hurry through the rain with a room key . Lou struggle to keep up , haul they bag . lou .-. hey . gin. ginny what . Lou slow down . Ginny plunge ahead , into the rain , crossing the courtyard toward they room . Lou sigh and follow -- Paris shuffles into she room as Ginny unlock they door . ginny six . at least we get a good number . cross in after she , Lou glance at the rusty room number , roll he eye and kick the door shut . with the slam , the ' six 's tack to the door , flip . it become a nine . cur to : int . room six -- continuous Lou and Ginny dump they bag . there 's a twin bed . lou which side do you want ? ginny all of it . you be over there . ( nod to the couch ) * * en eee ess gm 3/11/02 21 . ec , lou a what ? ginny you do not get to stare at the hooker 's tit all night and sleep with I . Lou I be not stare at the hooker 's tit ! Ginny ! I be not stare at * the hooker' tit ! ginny I think you be . Lou . * you be wrong ! * footstep . they fall silent . a knock at the door . * Ginny answer it --- it 's Paris . paris Three thing . first , thank you so much for rescue we in the rain . secondly , I be next door in number seven and this wall be real thin , so if you could keep the ' hooker ' comment to a minimum that would be great . and lastly , Lou - yes you be . and she leave . Lou look to Ginny ... i lou | puck . .-- and dump he bag on the couch . 29 int . room EIGHT / nine -- night ' caroline slam down the dead phone reciver . she throw open * window , airing the place out . she fling open a door that connect to a second room . * she toss down she bag in the new room , find she phone charge and plug it in . she light a scent candle , turn and look at she face in the mirror and pop two pill froma * little pill box ... she become intense ... * / . caroline '' J -.. it 's not about money , it 's about * respect . it 's about work condition . * ( more ) 29 k 29b jm 3/11/02 22 . caroline ( cont would ) +»- so you be call you client a liar ? I do not know how to say this , Harry ... but , I be go to have to find new management . that 's right . because I deserve more . because I be more . a gust of wind blow the drape -- and snuff the candle ... CUT to : int . corridor -- courthouse - night - rain a dishevele man wander down a long hallway toward a baliff . he appear a bit lose . dishevele man . I be sorry . I be here for a emergency hearing in the Rivers case . I be afraid I be a bit late due to the weather and I be not sure where -- I understand it 's in the judge 's chamber but -- the Doctor fumble , hold out a i.d . baliff this way . it 's in the conference room . you be fine . the judge be not even here yet . dishevele man ( follow ) +-. would you know if the prisoner transport have arrive ? CuT to : int . hearing room ~ night - rain -- continuous a flourescent light room , a large table in the center . a stenographer quietly unfold she kit in the corner by the window . at the table , the Assistant d.a. , detective valrole and a Defense Attorney be engage in a heat argument : detective Diary , .. no diary . you client confess to the murder . defense attorney my client be screw at trial . he be deny a insanity plea . + Fe of * +e ek + + ff of + +t ee jm 3/11/02 23. '' assistant d.a. _/ let 's call this what it be , marty . a hail Mary . * the dishevel man enter -- detective * hey . let I tell you what I think * be insanity , counselor . the fact * you get this hearing , that 's * insanity . the fact that you get * some specialist poke around in * he head , give he med , .. that 's * insanity . but the fact that * maniac 's riding around out there , * out of communication . well .. that 's * just fuck frightening . * defense attorney * detective , I can assure you -- * assistant d.a . no , marty , I can assure you , at midnight tomorrow a injection of potassium chloride be go to stop you client 's heart and I be gonna get the best night 's sleep in year . detective * the family of he victim do not * want he medicate , couselor . they * want the monster dead . * dishevele man * ' true , .. but in we rush to satisfy * | they , we must remember -- one * | i exterminate the rat , not the house . * I '' | they all turn to look at he ... * assistant d.a . * Excuse I . ... who be you ? * defense attorney * this be Doctor mallick . malcolm 's * psychiatrist . * Thunder rumble as we -- * CUT back to : * 30-31 ommitted . * I jm 3/11/02 24 . co '' 32 int . larry 's office -- golden palm motel ~- night -- rain * i > ~ Ed dig through Larry 's cabinet and drawer , look for a * sewing kit . he pause , notice -- * 4a framed picture on a shelf -- a older man with a widow 's * peak smile , hold a very big carp on a hook ... * a wash of headlight -~ Ed look up as -- a dark sedan pull * in past the window , police flasher blink . * CUT to : * 33 ext . golden palm -- continuous * Larry be in the parking lot follow . the wind whipped * telephone line with a flashlight , look for any fault ... * suddenly , he 's illuminate by the the dark sedan ... * the flash light be eerie in the rain . * CUT to : * 34 int . room six -- continuous * i Lou stare at the light rise out the window . * Ginny , unpack she bag , stop ... * ginny * do you feel that ? * lou * feel what ? * ' ginny . * | -.. cold . * CUT to : * : 35 ext . golden palm motel -- continuous * | | a man step out of the sedan -- rhode , clean cut in a dark * suit ... there appear to be a second person in the back . * rhode : , * .-- you the manager ? * | larry * maybe . * Ed emerge from the office , listen to Rhodes and Larry . * Lou peer out from he window -- watch . * jm 3/11/02 25 . if k> Rhodes carefully hold out he Police i.d. for Larry . rhode Officer Rhodes , correction . I be transport a convict . the law grant you the right to decline we service ~- but the road be flood and I could use a room . a muffle cackle come from the back seat of the sedan . rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) -.. it 's a emergency . ed hey ! ' you get a radio in you car ? rhode ( to Larry ) who 's this ? larry limo driver . have a accident . ed vaan ( crossing to they ) wo I get a lady in there pretty bang up . we could use a ambulance . 36 int . rhode ' car -~ night -- moment later Larry and Ed watch from under the eve as Rhodes lean in the front seat , click he police radio . rhode ( on radio ) ...442 request medical . over . still no reply ... nothing but static ... rhode ( cont ‘’d ) ( cont have ) like I say . nothing for the past hour . ed you get a first aid kit ? she 's lose blood -- rhode ( glance to he trunk ) no. sorry . this be not a patrol car . ey we do not carry shit like that . Ed look to Larry . Larry shake he head . + ee * * * +e eh + Fe * + * o jm 3/11/02 26 . ed how about a needle and thread ? larry +.smaybe in the diner ... Ed make a move toward the diner but Larry , grab he -- larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) »-- no ... I will get it ... ... it 's lock up . ( skitter off , ) ( back to Rhodes ) I ’1ll be back with you key ! I be gonna put you in nine . Ed glance to -- the shadow in the back of the sedan . ed what you get in there ? rhode ... prison transfer . ed +-- maybe when you get he situate , you can come to four , take a look at the lady . I could use a second opinion . rhode --. sure . Ed head back to four . Rhodes climb back into he sedan . he watch Ed 's departure as he pull the car into a spot . suddenly , there be movement in the shadow behind Rhodes . voice .»- look like you be fuck ... rhode shut up . ..e the voice lean into the light ... a dark luminescence behind the eye , a devious curl to the mouth ... this be the face of a killer ... the face of ROBERT maine . maine {in a different voice ) I be sorry officer , be I speed ? 442 . requesting medical . wt 37 jm 3/11/02 27 . rhode ( turn , fire - eye ) listen , psycho . you have have a very lucky day . but I suggest you shut you fuck mouth . when that guy get back with we key , you be gonna get out of this car and walk with I , calm and compliant or you will be in deep shit . I will hurt you . ... you understand . ete eee ehh he maine ( back to a menace growl ) I suggest you watch how you talk to I , Officer . give the circumstance , * you be the one who 's in deep shit . * Maine smile . outside , Larry run into room three . * cur to : * int . room four -- moment later Larry watch , disgust and facinate as -- Ed tie off the last stitch in Alice 's neck with black thread . larry I wish I have beige . that would have be better . ed it 's fine . thanks . George step closer to inspect Ed 's handiwork . Larry exit . GEORGE where would you learn to do that ? ed '' . pretty much where you stand . George look worried . Ed sit back in he chair . he notice timothy at the window , look out . ed ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) * you know ... he have not make a sound since the accident . maybe he ... GEORGE oh. no. timothy do not talk much * ever since ... * ( smile sadly , whisper ) I be he step -father . his father , .. ( more ) ee jm 3/11/02 28. GEORGE ( cont would ) on ( make walk finger ) kl y +.. two year ago . ... temper problem . 38 ommitted * 39 . int. / ext . -- room nine -- Larry unlock the door to find caroline leaping in horror . caroline Jesus Christ --! larry Lady ! what be you do in here ? * I put you in eight . . caroline that ' box 's you put I in do not deserve a number . and the phone * do not work in ... * ( meeting eye with Maine ) «+ my God ... Maine take she in like a morning cigarette . he whistle . * maine * ( whistle and stare ) * '' Nice tit , honey . who do ‘em ? * '' } ' caroline slam the door . Maine 's face darken . * larry * ( sigh ) ... this way . * 39a timothy peer out the window of room four . his eye follow -- Robert Maine -- as he 's drag toward the rear of the motel by Rhodes , Larry lead the way ... Maine meet eye with timothy . he wink . the boy stare , facinate . cur to : 40 int . room ten -~- night Rhodes drag Maine into the room . Larry stand at the door -- larry , .-. the furniture 's for shit ... rhode .+- yeah . jm 3/11/02 29 . cy larry ma if you be gonna cuff he to something , .. the toilet 's bolt down good . maine ( piss ) thanks so much for you assistance . larry ».. you be welcome . Rhodes pull Maine into the bathroom -- Maine growl in Rhodes 's face - maine ( sing ) I get stripe ... stripe around my shoulder . ignoring he , Rhodes cuff Maine to the toilet . maine ( cont ’d ) ( cont would ) I get chain , chain around my foot ... and they chain , they chain , they be ' bout to drag I down . Rhodes smack Maine 's head against the bowl . maine ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) ow. bastard ! Rhodes slam the door , wipe he hand and look to Larry . maine ( through door ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont no ) you be mean to feed I every three hour , Officer ! rhode let 's take a look at the lady . maine ( through door ) and nothing with fuck mayonnaise ! CUT to : 41 int . room four -- night Ed look out at the storm as -- 42 jm 3/11/02 30 . George finish make the bed around a sleep Alice . Rhodes enter with Larry . Rhodes step forward , take Alice 's pulse . timmy watch he . as do Ed . ed --. anything yet ? rhode not yet . ( look Alice over ) good stitch job . keep she comfortable . her pulse be shallow but steady . ( move to the door ) ed : hey . maybe we should do shift on the radio , if that 's alright . rhode ( a stiff smile ) -.- no . it 's not . I can manage . Ed look stung . Rhodes exit . int . vending area -- golden palm motel -- night Rhodes enter to find Paris with she arm stick up inside the vend machine -- he take she in with he eye -- and Paris feel it . she look up -- paris ... you gonna bust I , officer ? rhode ... now , how have you do that ? how have you know I be a cop . paris ( node at he shoe ) New lace in old leather . rhode «.- oh . Paris 's eye drift over he shoulder to he correction car . rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) ( chuckle ) oh ... shit. yeah . Paris smile and go back to the machine . * +t +e ee HH * 43 - gm 3/11/02 31 . rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ' cheetoh for dinner ? that be not right . paris ++- you get a better idea ? Rhodes smile at she . yes , he do . rhode I work mess in the service . maybe that diner 's open . I could whip something up . paris ( pull she arm from the . machine , sigh ) you get change for two singles ? Rhodes be not sure whether to be insulted by the fact she do not give care about he culinary skill . he decide not . rhode I can make that . Rhodes take she two bill and drop quarter into she ivory palm , one by one . he lock eye with she . rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) .«.. you get a name ? Paris push coin into the machine . treat fall . paris .-. Paris . rhode Paris ? ( smile ) I have never be . paris well , .. you be not go tonight . she scoops up she snack and exit . CUT to : ext . golden palm motel -- later ~- a gentle montage the rain pour down on the lonely motel ... thunder ... GEORGE ... watch he wife ... fearful ... 45 46 47 jm 3/11/02 32 . alice ... her breathe steady , but weak . GEORGE ( gently ) --- please be strong , Alice . please do not leave I ... timothy and I , .. we need you . little timothy ... .«». sound asleep , tuck up on the sofa ... ed ... ... in the adjoin room ( three ) , Ed listen to George for a moment , before close the door between they . he reach into he bag -- we glimpse he book and a gun -- and retrieve a small plastic box . he open it in close up -- revealing -- pill -- carefully arrange for each day of the week ... he snatch ' wednesday 's 's dose and toss they back ... then consider the night so far ... snatch ' thursday 's as well ... larry ... at he office desk ... he sweep he ' drink game 's into the trash -- he look at the photograph on the return -- the picture of the older man with the grease widow 's peak hold a carp . he drop the picture in file drawer ... close it ... ... and close he green money box ... paris ... .-. drop the vend machine bounty on the bed . check that no one can see through the drape , she open the wardrobe -- revealing -- her case on the floor of the wardrobe . we see a large wad of cash inside . . satisfied it 's still there , she cover the case with she jacket and shut the wardrobe ... as she cross back to she candy , we follow she shadow across the floor to the adjoin door ... lou ... .-. asleep on the lumpy couch -- watch Paris ' shadow under the door ... with delight and forbidden dream ... ginny .... watch he from the bed , unsure if he 's asleep ... tek of + fee of +t + oof + ee of * + of foe * * * 48 49 50 51 jm 3/11/02 33. ginny Lou ?... Lou ... but Lou do not respond ... rhode ... rinse he face in the room sink and push back he hair '' with he hand . stare into he own eye . smile at himself . then he hear Maine sing in a southern drawl : maine ( through the door ) why do not ya love I like you use to do ? why do ya treat I like a wear out shoe ? Rhodes 's eye darken . the light dim for a moment -- and we pull back to reveal -- a bloody puncture in the back of Rhodes 's shirt ... he pull on he jacket and open the door . he take in the rain and the air . maine ... -»- on the cold bathroom floor with some empty cheetos bag ... he adjust himself as he hear the door slam ... he turn to the pipe he 's cuffed to ... it 's wobbly ... clinka clink ... clinka clinka ... caroline ... ..- weary , she cross to she cell phone as it beeps -- fully charge . she pick it up to dial , but realize -- no signal . caroline ..- for cry out loud . roaming coverage , my ass . she wander around the room , try to get a signal . nothing . she open the door ~-. one bar of strength flicker . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) come on little bar -- there you go ! she look out into the rain and consider she option . then she glance into she bathroom -- and spy the shower curtain . cut to : ext . golden palm motel -- night caroline 's out in the deluge -- the transparent shower curtain drape over she . she look like some latex ghost ... * +e of ee 52 53 54 jm 3/11/02 34 . beneath this make-shift umbrella , the noise of the rain be deafen as she follow she phone try to find a signal . she try to look through the plastic curtain , but the torrent be make it impossible to see . she wander past the motel pool and out a gate , stare at the phone meter . caroline oh yeah ... here we go ... a wider angle show caroline get further and further from the light and safety of the motel as she dial ... now , once again , we be under the curtain with caroline . her phone beep . she stop . turn . and it beep again . she dial quickly and wait for she call to connect ... now we be outside of the motel , look at caroline alone in the rain ... and the camera move closer -- oh shit , it 's some unknown Pov -- move with purpose ... back under the curtain , caroline 's get impatient ... caroline Jesus , Harry ...! ... pick up ! the Pov move closer -- within strike distance - whoomph -- without warning -- a dark shape jump up in front of she -- something strike right at she -- a sudden scream . int . room three ~~ night smash in -- close on ed -- as he wake up -- do he hear that scream , or be it in a nightmare ? George be look ; at he from the adjoin door -- GEORGE do you hear that ? Ed run for the door -- ext . motel courtyard -- night Ed rush out and stand under the eave , look about . rain pour off the eave , the gutter , the roofline , form a tranlucent veil , and collect in black Rorschach puddle . Larry appear at the other end of the courtyard , emerge from he trailer , hold a baseball bat . he look to Ed . jm 3/11/02 35 . larry ' you hear that ?! ed ».- yeah . Ed cross to number six and bang loudly - ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) Ginny ! Lou ! you guy okay ?! we hear a scream . -- hello ?! the door open on its chain -- Lou 's face peer out - | Lou | wassgoinon ? | ed you alright ? Lou .-. yeah . ed . where 's Ginny ? ginny I be here . ed keep you door lock . Ed turn to number Seven ... no answer ... ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Paris ?! you in there ?! ( urgently , to Larry ) you get a master key ? Larry pull out a huge fob of key - 55 int . room seven -- same time Ed and Larry enter -- the room 's empty -- Larry cross to the bathroom door -- 56 int . bathroom -- continuous Larry throw open the door to find Paris sit on the toilet , in walkman headphone -- she look up at he . 57 58 60 paris I wanna hear beep when you back the fuck out of here . ext . motel courtyard -- same time Ed cross to number nine and ed miss Suzanne ? knock - Larry hurry over with the key - int . room nine -- continuous Ed and Larry enter , look about - ed miss Suzanne ? jm 3/11/02 36 . Ed move quickly through to the bathroom ... it 's empty -- Ed notice the miss shower int . motel courtyard -- night Larry and Ed race out of number nine -- straight into rhode - rhode -»- what 's go on ? ed curtain . curt to : the actress I be drive . she 's go . I hear this ... scream ... rhode maybe she move again . what be the empty room ? larry 1 , 2 , 5 and eleven . Rhodes and Larry head to the front , but Ed stay behind -- ext . courtyard -~ night -- continuous in the rain -soak earth , Ed find -- a single shower curtain ring .. + then another ... 9 61 jm 3/11/02 37 . they lead like breadcrumb from caroline 's room out and away to the rear of the motel . Ed follow they to the walkway of a rundown swim pool half - fill with rainwater .. then he notice -~ the swinging gate ~- lead out into the black desert . Thunder crack . and then he hear it ... a dull metallic thudding ... bang-bang ... bang-bang ... he try to distinguish it from the downpour ... bang-bang ... bang - bang ... he head off around the side of the building ... int . motel laundry ~- night darkness before Ed switch on the overhead fluorescent ... bang-bang ... bang-bang ... three dryer be on -- but one of they be make the noise ... bang -bang ... Inside one of they , something inside be tumble over and over ... Ed reach out to a dryer door . bang-bang ... bang-bang ... open it ... nothing . it shut off . Ed cautiously open the second dryer -- nothing ... it shut off . hesitantly , he open the third dryer -- and find -~ a pair of sneaker klunk round and round in the dryer . they come to a stop . Ed sigh -- but then notice -~ eye -- stare at he -- reflect in the circular glass on the dryer door -- Ed spin around to face -- caroline's decapitate head stare at he from the fourth dryer cradle . Rhodes and Larry enter and freeze ... larry oh , Jesus mother of God . that 's a... ( notice Ed 's stony expression ) «-- you be real calm for a guy stare at a human head . Ed consider this . ed she be not that human . Rhodes kneel in front of the dryer and reach inside . 62 jm 3/11/02 38 . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ' the hell you do ? rhode .. there 's something in there . Ed hand Rhodes a dryer sheet . ed use this . larry .». -- you a cop ? Rhodes and Ed lock eye . ed not anymore . Rhodes pull out a blood soaked object and examine it ... it be a motel room key -- number ten . larry oh , man . that be fuck up . ed be she in room ten ? larry ( shake he head , ) ( then point to Rhodes ) ...- they be . ed ( to Rhodes ) ) where be you guy ? rhode . ( uneasy ) .../ cuffed to a toilet . cut to : ext . crossing toward room eleven -- night Rhodes and Ed run along the narrow walkway toward room ten , Larry bring up the rear . Paris appear from number seven . paris * what 's go on ?! 63 64=65 66 jm 3/11/02 39 . rhode stay inside . lock you door . Paris watch as they move toward room ten ... ed what be he in for ? rhode I be not a liberty to -- ed bullshit -- what do he do ? they pass the window to room ten . it 's dark inside . Rhodes pull he gun . : larry be he some kind of killer ? ( off Rhodes 's face ) ah , shit - he be , be not he ? Rhodes and Ed bust into -- int . rhode 's room - night it be dark and empty . the sink drip . the bathroom door be shut tight . Rhodes throw the door open to -- the bathroom . empty . a pipe pull from the toilet . and the rear window open . Larry arrive , open-mouthed . larry oh , momma ... CuT to : ommitted int . golden palm -- room three -- night terrified chaos -- they be all gather at the door to room three -- Ed , Larry , Paris , Ginny , Lou , George , timothy and Alice in the bed -- everyone except Rhodes and Maine -- we CUT in mid-action -- everyone talk over each other -- paris ginny what the fuck be go on ?! will someone please tell I what happen ?! * +e oe jm 3/11/02 40 . ed okay . listen up . there be a incident tonight -- larry ( to Lou ) that 's ' police talk 's for someone get they head -- ed caroline Suzanne be murder . ginny GEORGE oh , Jesus . my god. paris who be carolyn Suzanne ?! ed the actress I be drive . GEORGE where do this happen ?! ed we do not know exactly . we can not find she body . General alarm spread - larry ( to Lou ) not all of it , anyway . ed as long as we stay calm , we will be fine . Officer Rhodes , who 's outside right now , be transport a convict ... : larry -- who escape ... he fuck escape . ginny what ! ? paris ( to Larry ) why do not you shut up the hell up and let he talk ?! +t tt et + the eh + + +e - jm 3/11/02 41 . larry * this be my place , ho . * i’1l say what I goddam please ! * ed * hey. hey . * ginny * we need to leave . now . Ginny cross toward the door . Lou turn , follow . lou baby . do you hear what the man * say ?! we be safe here ! there 's a policeman here ! larry two of they . paris you be a cop ? ed be -- shut up , Larry . * Rhodes arrive at the door , armed with restrain chain . Ginny step backward and start to cry hysterically -- Little timothy react to this , start to hyperventilate - ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) * {to Lou , crossing to Rhodes ) put you arm around you girlfriend , Lou . Lou turn to Ginny to comfort she - - lou ( softly ) she 's my wife . but this do not appear to comfort she -- ed everyone just stay in here . stay in this room . ( to Rhodes ) let 's go . oe Ed start to exit with Rhodes . Paris grab he arm outside , under the eve . * jm 3/11/02 42 . paris } ( regard Larry ) hey . can you take he with you ? ) ed +.. who ? she gesture back toward Larry . rhode what 's you problem with he ? paris I be not stay in here if he be . ed ( sigh , lean inside ) hey. Larry . come with we . larry why ?.. ' Cause she say so ? Cause some cheap hooker have a problem with I ? ed come on . you know the place . larry I be not train in the hunt of convict . and I do not take order from professional slut -- Larry meet eye with a glaring Paris -- and cross into he office , slamm the door . Ed and Rhodes look to one another and take off . CUT to : 67 ext . front of motel - night Ed and Rhodes arrive at the front of the motel under the gas station canopy -- visibility 's next to zero -- rhode he can not get far . not in this . ed ... what exactly be we chase here , Rhodes ? a5 rhode cs ... multiple homicide . +e + fof * of et ff * 68 68a 69 70 jm 3/11/02 43. ed ( sigh ) how ' bout you circle ' round -- meet I at the other end . Rhodes notice a gun in Ed 's hand . rhode ..- fine ... Rhodes move off -- CUT to : int . room three ~- same time Ginny sit in the corner , terrify . Lou turn to Paris . lou ++-s0 ... be that where you live full time ? ... in Vegas . paris use to . not anymore . lou -.- what do that mean ? paris it mean I do not live there anymore . cur to : int . larry 's office -- continuous Larry scowl , listen to Paris talk in the next . room . he grab he trusty bat , .. make he way to the door . CUT to : ext . rear of motel , billboard - night Ed move around one side of the motel -- the crack and peel face of a billboard watch he every move ... CUT to : ext . side of mot ! -- alleyway - night Rhodes move along the opposite side of the building ... gun levele , he cross through a curtain of water into a alleyway -- he push out through to the other side -- the eh * * 70 a 70 B 71 72 73 - jm 3/11/02 44 . and look out into the expanse of desert ... ext . rear of motel , larry 's trailer - night Ed come across a silver bullet trailer home ~- he cautiously enter ... CUT to : int . room three - night Paris , Lou , Ginny and George wait in nervous silence . timothy pull on he father 's leg . GEORGE go ahead , Tim . I will be right here . timothy shake he head . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) okay . i’1l stand guard . ( to the other ) the toilet 's plugge in we room . he escort timothy to the room three bathroom , close the door and stand guard outside . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) his mother usually do this . Paris find a comforting smile for George ... Ginny be reach a break point of fear ... they be oblivious as outside , larry tip toe past the window with he bat ... CUT to : ommitted . int . trailer home - night Ed look about the dark narrow trailer -- the sound of the rain drumming on the metal roof be deafening ... it stink . dirty plate stack in the sink . a porn magazine be throw open on the unmade bed . a yellow page be throw open to a page of massage listing . scribble marker on the escort 's face . Ed turn . notice serrate edge hunt knife . and strange fishing tackle . one of the knife be miss from its sheath . CUT to : ee * * + + ++ 5 + + 74 int . room nine -- night -- continuous Larry enter carolyn Suzanne 's room . it be very dark . he dig through she belonging ... jm 3/11/02 45 . CUT back to : int . room three - night George still stand in front of the door as -- Paris turn to Lou and Ginny . paris .». how long you two be marry ? lou ( check he watch ) ' nine hour . ( smile ) a spur of the moment thing . paris ( look to Ginny ) --. oh. lou Viva Las Vegas . right , gin ? without warning , Ginny stand - ginny we need to leave . lou shit , Ginny , I be just talk ... ginny I have to get out of here ... something 's happen and I need to get out : of here . lou do not get all psychic on I ... ginny I do not want to be here when they bring that man back . paris everything 's go to be fine . ginny no . it 's not . +e +t hk * of 75 jm 3/11/02 46 . she attempt to barge past Lou , but stand in front of she -- lou Ginny , he tell we to stay together . you be . have one of you attack . you be totally over-react . take one of you pill and calm down . ginny -- what ? lou you want I to look after you . I be look after you . you be my wife now -- do what you be tell . paris shit , look at the time . it 's the ninetieth century . Ginny try to move around Lou - - he grab she -- lou Ginny ! ginny ( push he off ) you do not own I , Lou . lou I own what 's inside you -- half of it , anyway . this cut Ginny to the quick -- she tear out of the room , Lou move after she - ext . motel courtyard - continuous Lou cross after she into the rain - lou Ginny ! ginny you do not own any part of I or my baby . lou really ? then why the hell do I marry you ? Ginny tear into they room , slamming the door -- to . - jm 3/11/02 47 . : cy , Ginny ! ginny ! | | | | Lou crash inside , follow she . lou ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * do not slam fuck the door on I ! Paris stand in the doorway of room three -- look at they from across the courtyard . paris ~- hey ... guy . chill out ! Lou ( out the window ) we be fine , fuck you , goodbye . no need to worry you little whore head . paris if you lay a fuck finger on she ! * lou : yeah -- this be I shaking in my boot ! . lou slam down the window -- Paris take a few pace under the eve toward they room -- watch , concerned ... 76 int . room three - night George , step from the front of the bathroom door , watch * Paris through the window ... she have move out of sight ... * cur to : * 76a int . room nine -- night -- continuous : * digging through carolyn suzzanne 's stuff , Larry come upon * what he be seek -~ her fat gucci wallet . * close on larry shadowed face as he turn to the raise * voice outside . his clean exit be block by Paris . he look * to the rear window . * CUT back to : * 77 int . room six - night Ginny be furiously pack she bag as Lou rage -- * cy 78 79 jm 3/11/02 48. Lou «.. we be not leave , Ginny ! you hear I ? there be no place to go ! I know this suck but there 's a flood out there , remember ?! Ginny keep pack . Lou ( cont ’d ) ( cont would ) stop it ! just stop it ! Lou grab she bag and hurl it across the room . Ginny step back and stare at he ... a beat ... ginny I be not pregnant . Lou stop , turn back to she -- Lou what . what do you say ? ginny I be not pregnant . I lie . Lou what be you talk about ? .-. I see the test . Ginny just look at he . her eye say it all . lou ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ... why would you do that to I ?! ginny alison see you at the Hawk with that fuck girl . '' Lou hesitates for a moment . tear fill Ginny 's eye -- she run into the bathroom , slamm the door behind she - int . bathroom -- same time Ginny lock the door , sobbing -- lou Jesus ! what be we , like fifteen ?! int . room six -- same time Lou look at the lock door , then lash out in anger - 79r 80 81 we - jm 3/11/02 49 . lou fuck ! he smashes a table lamp onto the floor -- the shadow still sway from the topple lamp ... lou ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Ginny ! open the door . I have not be to the Hawk in like a year . alison 's a stupid bitch whore , who just like to fuck with you head ! Ginny ! open the door ! ginny no ! lou how be we suppose to talk if you do not OPEN the door !? ext . courtyard - same time watch the shadow move on the window , Paris pull up she coat collar , stubbing out she cigarette , about to cross toward they room if this continue a moment longer -- paris goddam prick . cur to : ommitted . back in room six -- continuous lou Ginny . open it ! ginny not until you calm down ! lou I am calm ! I ’m very fucking calm ! Lou turn back into the room -- his eye flash around -- he stop because he 's not alone . a rie - a look of recognition ... lou ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) what be you do here ?.. jm 3/11/02 50 . int . bathroom -- same time for a moment , quiet ... Ginny wipe she tear ... gather she * composure ... and become nervous in the silence ... * ginny »-.-Lou ... ( beat ) ... Lou ?.. Ginny move to unlock the door ... when suddenly -- the door explode with pounding -- it shake on its hinges -- fist striking it from the other side -- lou ginny -- OPEN the door !! | more pounding and scream -- ginny Jesus Christ ! stop it , Lou ! lou ginny ! now ! ginny * stop it ! stop it ! stop it ! * Lou * GOD - fuck - OPEN the door ! * suddenly Lou 's bang become softer -- * lou ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * ... Ginny ... open the ... * the bang stop . a slide sound . * ginny : * Lou ?.. Lou ?.. * slowly , she stand and move towards the door ... * ginny ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * +.-Lou ?.. * silence ... * CUT to : * 84 85 '' x jm 3/11/02 51 . int . larry trailer - same time move to exit , Ed pause in the dark trailer , notice something -- a figure -- a shadow -- move outside ... CUT back to : ommitted . int . room six -- bathroom -- continuous Ginny sit in the dark silence . frightened . ginny ..- lou. ... I be gonna unlock the door now ... : paris ( 0.s. ) ( knock on door ) Ginny ? ... be you okay ?! Ginny ?! with timid fingertip , Ginny ease the squeaky bolt ... and cautiously turn the handle ... open the door ... the bedroom appear empty ... int . room six -- same time close on -- ginny in the doorway ... ginny +--lou ?.. Paris continue to pound on the bolt door from outside . paris ( 0.s. ) Ginny ! open the door ! the camera move back as Ginny warily take a step deeper into the room -- and we reveal -- Lou against the wall . Lou ( faintly ) gin ... Ginny , turn to he , startle - ginny oh , my God ... oh my GOD ! his hand be clasped over he belly . wet crimson stain he shirt . Ginny take a step toward he . then freeze . turn sharply . window be close . Paris be peer in the drape . jm 3/11/02 52 . paris ..- Ginny ! what 's wrong ?! Ginny take a step toward Paris but freeze , realize -- someone be hide in the closet . her eye catch -- a shadow rise in the mirror -- Ginny leap to the bathroom ... ... grab the door ... ... but someone unseen pull the door out of she grip -- ginny «--no !.. no ! she grab it back again and fight to close it -- manage to flip the fragile bolt in place -- the whole door start to shake -- Ginny back away in terror - ginny ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) oh GOD ! help I ! Ginny turn to a SMALL rear window . it be OPEN . . CUT to : ommitted . int . silver trailer - same time Ed crouch as behind a cabinet , he gun pull , as -- the trailer door slowly creak open -- and the dark figure enter -- the figure carry the miss hunt knife . it gleam in the light ... Ed wait as the figure move toward he . he quietly stand and put the cold barrel of he he gun to the temple of the figure -- ed do not ~- move . larry ahhbhhh ! -- Ed flick on the light -- it 's larry . ed larry ! what the fuck be you do ?! larry this be my trailer , man ! I live here ! I come to get something ! ee ee * ee 89 91 92 gm 3/11/02 53. ginny ( 0.s. ) oh , God ! no ! they turn , hearing Ginny 's scream . CUT back to : ext . room six -~ continuous Paris pound on they door , try to get in . paris Jesus ! Ginny ! open the door ! cur to : ext . rear of motel -- continuous Ginny fall from the rear window and scramble to she foot - ginny sombody ~- help I ! she bound straight into -- rhode -- she jump back -- terror in she eye . something 's odd about he -- placid -- rhode what 's wrong , kid ?.. he in there ?.. Ginny can not speak , just stare at she window . Paris arrive . so do Larry and ed. paris what the fuck 's go on ?! Rhodes take off to Ginny 's door -- Ginny and Paris follow -- ext . room six - continuous Rhodes round the corner as Ed and Larry arrive -- Ed race with Rhodes past Paris and Ginny into the door of room six -- paris that door be lock a second ago . int . room six - continuous Ed and Rhodes run in -- Paris stand behind they . Lou be still slump on the floor -~ dead -- blood spread . the room be empty . rhode +. shit. > 93 y 93a jm 3/11/02 54 . ext . motel courtyard -- moment later Ed tear out of number six ... he come face to face with Ginny . there 's no need for word , he eye say it all ... ginny ...0h , god. no ! Ginny fall to she knee in the rain -- Paris run to she and pull she under the eve toward room three . George and timothy watch out the door to room three as -- ed . ( to Rhodes ) out back . they take off again , gun pull -- int . hearing room - night -- rain a pigskin legal case and cowboy hat hit a desk . judge «-- well . that be a fuckin’ drive . the judge , a older man with a sunbake complexion step into he office , hang up he coat . he look into the conference room and glare at the detective , the Doctor , the baliff and the d.a . they all rise . everyone «.+- you honor . judge -.. gentlemen . ( smile ) well . let 's get on with it then . shall we ? ( look to the stenographer ) -+- you ready , Sharon ? ( she nod ) alrighty ... in the matter of malcolm Rivers vs. the State of nevada , for purpose of evidenciary review as proscribe by the Supreme Court of the State of nevada , this hearing recognize -- * ee +e +t eet eh re oh jm 3/11/02 55 . defense lawyer judge Taylor ... uh. with due respect ... we should wait till my client arrive . he have a right to be present . judge he have precious few rights . he 's twenty four hour from execution . lawyer but in order to demonstrate he mental state , you honor , we need - vein bulge on the judge 's neck -- he glance to Sharon -- who stop type -- they have know each other a while -- and -- judge he mental state ? he mental state !? wake up , counselor ! right now you client be make he way from ely maximum Security pententiary ! ..- murderer , mutilator , rapist -- they get hundred of ‘em up there -- and they 're all fuckin 's crazy ! you want I to send ‘em all to the the goddam hospital ?! defense attorney no sir -- but -- judge defense attorney then what 's the point ?! the point be , sir , that -- judge do you know what time it be ? ' you think I got time for bullshit !? I be sure you be pleased that justice drag - I into a review of a case I already preside over , I already decide -- but I be piss off and insulted , okay ! -- so , when you boy get here , do whatever you want with he --- but in the name of decency , state you goddam case ! ( lean back , spend ) someone get I a coffee -- black . the Assistant d.a. look pleased with the judge 's disposition . the judge nod to Sharon , who begin type again . smash back to : + Fe fo + et eee ee a * +e ee ro ¥y + + 95 96 gm 3/11/02 56 . ext . desert -- night rain pound the moonless landscape -- hitting so hard that the up - spray be as fierce as the downpour . occasional burst * of lightning take snap -shot of twisted joshua tree - * and Maine crash through -- still in he cuff -- staggering to keep he foot ~- look behind all the way -- the light of the Motel become fainter -- the sodden ground try to swallow he foot -- he lose a shoe in the muck ... he pull himself from the quagmire , climb a rise and hurry over it -- as he careen down the other side , he see ~- up ahead -~ light , low building -- shelter -~ he re-double he effort -- ommitted int . diner - continuous Maine fall in , grateful for the warmth and shelter . he take in he surroundings . this diner have not be use for year . cover in dust . he pull a sheet from a table and use it to dry himself . then he notice -- Light seeping through large bay window ... curious , he move closer -- wipe the fog -- and he face drop -~ it be the motel courtyard -- he be back at the golden palm motel ~- maine --. the hell ?.. he step back from the glass -- as a dark figure move only inch from he , outside , through the steam glass -- Maine keep move backward , trip over a chair -- he head spin with disorientation -- the figure outside step into the clear circle that Maine wipe away . turn -- it be ed. his eye meet Maine . Maine spin to flee -~ and crash face to face with Rhodes -- Rhodes take a swing at he and clip he head ~- Maine run the opposite direction . Ed enter -- and he and Rhodes corner Maine -- they fist pump on he . maine ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * ahhh ! get off I ! ahhh ! CUT to : C 98 jm 3/11/02 57 . int . room three / four -- bathroom -- later Ginny be huddle in the bathroom , shaking . she pop some pill . Paris be try to pat dry Ginny 's clothes . she pull off she leather jacket and offer it to Ginny . paris here . put this on . Ginny look up at the samaritan hooker and she red leather coat ... and accept the gift . suddenly -- they turn to the sound man yell -- Ginny be terrify ... paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) it 's okay ... it 's okay ... Paris poke she head out the bathroom door to see -- George and timmy at the window face the courtyard ~- paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) -' - what 's go on ? GEORGE they catch he . Paris turn back to Ginny -- paris you hear that ? Ginny nod -- numb . cur to : ext . / int . motel diner -- continuous Larry and George watch from the eve as as -- Rhodes and Ed drag the unconscious Maine to a column and proceed to lash he to it -- Ed look for anything to use to secure he . Larry cut Ed off as he move to the kitchen - larry that 's empty . use this . Larry rip a electrical cord from a abandon appliance . Rhodes lash it around Maine 's hand . larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ».. why be we put he in here ? ed where would you prefer , Larry ? I jm 3/11/02 58 . aan Larry cross in front of the kitchen door . something about versus the kitchen make he nervous . Paris arrive at the door -- Ed look past she to George . * ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) George -- what be everyone do * out there ?! * GEORGE * .-- Ginny get upset and run out . her * husband follow she . and then * Paris do too . I do not see she * after that . * paris : * -.- what be that suppose to mean ? * GEORGE * I ' be simply answer the man 's . * question . * paris * no . you be imply I have * something to do with what happen * when they have get a escape convict * tie up right fuckingg in front of * you ! * GEORGE * oh , for God 's sake ! * George turn and storm back into room four . * rhode * ( to Paris ) : what be you do out there ?! * ed * I tell you to stay in the room ! * paris * ( to Ed ) * they be have fight ! I be try to get they back inside ! Ed and Rhodes meet eye . * ed * i * ( to Rhodes ) can you try the radio again ? * 99 100 101 jm 3/11/02 59 . rhode - »eyeah . ( exit ) ed ( move to the door ) Larry , stay here and watch he . ( to Paris ) do I a favor . go back to three . stay there . and try to keep they cool . paris ».. and where be you go ?! ed just do it . please . Paris storm off . larry uh ... Ed ... I do not know if I be comfortable with ... guard duty ... ed ( turn ) he 's unconscious , Larry . he 's tie to a post . curt to : int . larry office , golden palm motel - moment later quick insert ~-- ed snatch up two disposable cameras from a yellowing counter display -- cur to : ommitted . int . room three / four - night Alice 's breathe be labor . she look into the next room watch timothy , who be watch Paris , who be stare restlessly out the door . George be kneel at the tv , try to coax a signal . alice ( very quiet ) «.. timothy ... timothy turn . step toward he mom . tear in he eye . Alice smile , tear come to she eye . she take he hand . + +e * jm 3/11/02 60 . GEORGE ( cross quickly ) oh my God ... dear ... oh my God ... i | alice -.- where be we ?.. I do not remember anything ... except a doctor ... GEORGE you must mean Ed . he give you the stitches . ( smile ) we have a accident , honey . we be in a motel . Alice squeeze he hand , close she eye . GEORGE ( cont have ) let I get you more aspirin . George cross into three . he pass -- Ginny , shell shocked on the couch , chew she nail to a nub . and Paris , at the window look across the courtyard to she room . he grab aspirin and start back toward four -- paris ( pull on she coat ) George , can you keep a eye on Ginny for a minute ? GEORGE ( head back into four ) she 's awake ..! she need more aspirin . George return to Alice -- but she 's fall unconcious again . ! back in room three .--.. i ginny Paris . do not. ... do not go . paris honey , there ' 's something I gotta get from my room . ... it 's very important to I . Paris exit -- we push in on -- ginny -- as she watch Paris through the drizzle window ... * et +e tt eh * + * * +e eet e +e eh ee eh * + ro ( > 102 o 102a 103 jm 3/11/02 61 . int . / ext . diner -- night Larry cling to he bat and watch the rain pour down from the eave . his eye follow -- Paris -- as she scurries across the courtyard . lightn flash . Larry head inside the diner . cur to : int . laundry room -- night flash - flash - stepping carefully , Ed blast off shot after shot of the crime scene and carolyn 's stare head -- he pause , pull the camera from he eye . for a moment it appear -- her head be gone . Ed blink , try to shake off a buzzing in he ear -- it look like he may pass out -- he stumble on the wet floor . he look back up ~- her head be staring at he again . CUT to : int . paris 's room seven -- night Paris stand in the door ... reaches for the light -- but stop and choose not to ... a lighten flash illuminate the room ... and Paris head for the wardrobe ... darkness ... then another flash ... Paris see the wardrobe handle and pull it open ... she tatter suit case ... darkness ... flash ... Paris open the case ... pull aside the clothes ... revealing ... her cash . twenties and hundred . neatly bundle . she stuff the money into a knitted shoulder bag ... flash -- there 's someone in the doorway , behind Paris ... she close the case ... darkness ... flash -- the doorway be empty once more ... she turn to leave ... darkness ... and turn right into -- Ed -~- paris ahhh ! mother fucker ! ed what be you do ? : paris you scared I to death ! | jn ed I ask you a question . what be you do out here ? paris get shit that 's mine . ( beat , adjust ) what be you do ? ed ... Excuse I ? paris zi do not get to ask a question ? ed . I be take photo -- there 's be two murder in the last two hour , and I think maybe before all the evidence -- paris -- that 's no answer . no answer . ed 's what be you talk about ? paris you , my friend , be a limo driver . so , I will ask again . what be you do ?.. ... look to win some beyond - the-call - of - duty limo driver merit badge ? tell I if I have get it wrong , but -- you be not on the job anymore . you do not have to be a hero . there 's a real active duty cop here , ... if you have not notice . ed yeah . well . that active duty cop have he head up he active duty ass . he already manage to lose a convict killer . so , maybe you can find it in you heart to forgive I if I try to pitch in . they stand close to one another in the darkness ... Paris smile at Ed 's intensity . paris you , Edward , be a complicated cat . 3/11/02 62 . + + + ee F ++ * + % + ee eh * +t eee HH HH HH + ff +t * 103a o jm 3/11/02 63. ed + 's not really . paris I think so ... .»- what month be you bear ? ed May . paris a Taurus ... I too . ( smile , sly ) +.emaybe you be a hero . cur to : int . diner -- night -- continuous Larry shove a table in front of the kitchen door and tie it with rope . he pull close the shutter in the kitchen food slot , but they keep ease open ... there be a loop for a combination lock -- but no lock . larry +.esshit ... he start for the door when suddenly -- maine ( 0.s. ) ..- what 's wrong , buddy ? Larry turn . maine ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what 's in the kitchen ? Larry freeze . maine ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) come on . you.can tell I . what 's in there ? larry shut up ! maine tell I what 's in there . I be good at keep secret . I have get a whopper myself . tell I , please . Larry 's face become demonic -- he raise the bat -- * + ff * * 104 jm 4/1/02 64 . larry I be warning you ! shut the hell up ! ccut to : int . room six -- moment later holding she bag , Paris watch from the door as -- flash - flash -- stepping carefully , Ed photograph Lou , still slump against the wall . he rip open another disposable camera . paris where be you a cop ? ed Los Angeles . paris - you fire or you quit ? ed I take a leave . paris why ? ed ( refer to Lou ) I have enough of this . .-- it be make I sick . ( look up , plainly ) one day , I get this call . a jumper . a fifteen year old mexican girl on a ledge eight storey over wilcox , knock up and infect with aid . I ask she to step off -- I ask she to come into my arm -- and she turn to I and say '' cudl es la punta vivir ? '' ... she ask I why she shotild bother live . paris ..- what do you tell she ? ed I be train to tell she about the people who have miss she . about the dream ahead . but for a second , I hesitate . and she see it . ( more ) + +t et oo ot oe + + + + +t th ft ey jm 4/1/02 64a . ed ( cont would ) in that moment I honestly could not * a '' think of a single optimistic thing * ' ws to say to she . so she jump . * spread she arm and jump . it be * just a second . ... the next day I * file for leave . * Ed smile sadly and turn away . Paris say nothing as Ed * shoot Lou 's body close up . suddenly he notice -- * something in louss hand . * he rip a page from the yellow page and use that to take : * the object ... it 's another key -- number nine ... but * something be not add up in Ed 's eye - * he move swiftly to the door , toward Paris -- * paris ' * what ? * behind she , on Lou 's door - a rusty number nine ( the invert * 6 ) . he look to the neighbor room . he Pov -- the number * 7 & 8 . he rights the nine on the door , try to understand . * paris * what ! * ey CUT to : * 105 ext . golden palm motel - night Ed and Paris look down from the walkway to Rhodes car -- jm 3/11/02 65 . ed Rhodes ! Rhodes slam down the radio handset -- and climb out -- rhode it 's worse . just static ... ed where 's the key ... from the actress . Rhodes fish out the dryer - sheet from he pocket and climb up with they . Ed take it and unwrap it quickly . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont / d ) this be on lou. number nine. ( beat ) be you guy some kind of a psycho , Rhodes ? some kind of countdown killer ? rhode --- I have be surprised if he know how to count . es 7 CUT to : 106 ommitted . 107 ext . diner -- courtyard -- night -- moment later Ed , Paris and Rhodes approach the diner . they freeze at the door when they see -- Larry quietly move from he office hold he green money box -- he be head toward the back of the motel . | . me ed | -~ Larry ! Larry freeze ... ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) +.- come over here . Larry just stand there . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what part of ' come over here 's do not _ you understand , Larry ! ? om et eet he * jm 3/11/02 66 . ‘eo Larry cross to they , hesitant . his eye meet Paris . * - he seem more nervous than usual . * ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) * t I tell you to stay with he in * there -- why do you go to you * office ? -- why can not anyone do what I * fuck tell they ?! * larry * +-. I just go ...to get something . * Ed look to Rhodes , who head into the diner . Larry watch * he nervously as Ed hold out the two key . * ed . * look ... this be the one on the * actress . and this one be on the kid . * | larry * | ( watch Rhodes inside ) * : uh huh ... * ed . * how many set of key be there ? : * '' rhode ( 0.s . ) * Ed ! get in here ! * Larry react intensely to Rhodes 's voice . * ed . * .«-- how many set of key be there , * Larry ? * larry : * +.. uh ... two -- and a master . * rhode ( 0.s . ) * «+ed !.. * Ed and Paris turn inside -- but Ed look back to Larry . * ed * where do you think you be go ? * larry * I just ... * ed * get the fuck inside . * 108 gm 3/11/02 67 . Larry reluctantly step inside follow Paris . Ed follow . CUT to : int . diner -- night as Ed and Paris enter the diner , they be shocked by what they see . so , it seem , be Larry . Maine be quite dead . a baseball bat have be shove forcibly down he throat . larry paris ».- Holy shit ... Jesus ... Ed , Paris and Rhodes trade glance . they look to Larry . larry ( off they look ) I do not kill he ! I do not . Rhodes charge at Larry . rhode you lie sack of shit ! ed ( to Rhodes ) see if he 's still alive . . rhode still alive ! be you fuck kid I !? Ed circle round to cut off the exit behind Larry . Rhodes cross and examine Maine 's body -~ ed : Larry . I have never be one to leap at the obvious but I be have a little trouble see past that bat of yours stick out of he fuck throat . larry I do not do it ! ed ... then why be you act like a freak out there ?! + +e roe * * * jm 3/11/02 68. C ) paris * _/ motel. murder . manager . * connect the dot . * larry : * -- shut up ! * ed * why be you try to get away * with you little green box , Larry ?! * larry * +-. I be scared ! * ed '' * of what ?! : * larry * I ... I think ... you would not * understand ... * ed * try I ! * rhode * why'd you kill my con , larry ?! * larry -- I do not kill he !.. I just ... * go out ... for a second ... I do not * know how this ... ... I leave the bat * here ... * rhode * bullshit ! * | larry * '' he be fine when I ... I - I just * go back to my office ... * '' Ed look back -- as he hear a jingling sound -- rhode hold * ' the key to number EIGHT . * rhode . : * look at this . another one of * Larry 's key . * Larry drift to the second exit , but George arrive , * block it . * / : GEORGE * | ( reacting to the corpse ) * -».. oh my Lord . * jm 3/11/02 69 . '' larry * | 3 ( in front of the kitchen ) * that be not my key ! you can not * call they that . that 's like lead * | the witness or something . look -- * | this -- * as Larry reach into he pocket for he fob of key , * something fall to the floor . * larry ( cont no ) * ~ this be my key ! see . * rhode * ... what 's that ? * the something that fall from Larry 's pocket be -- * carolyn suzanne's vuitton wallet . Larry meet eye with Ed . * larry * +.. okay . yes -- I take she wallet . * afterwards . after she die . I * confess to that , okay ?! but I * do not kill she ! and I do not kill * he . he be alive when I split ! he * ry be say all this shit , wigging * VA I out ! * Rhodes move at Larry and suddenly , Larry snap . he grab * Paris and press he knife to she neck . * paris * ahhhh ! * larry * -».- everyone get back ! get back ! you * be not gonna pin this on I ! I * do not do it ! * ed * ( training gun on Larry ) * let go of she , Larry . * rhode * ( he gun up too ) * do what he say . - * Little timothy grab onto George 's pant leg . he must have * follow George across the courtyard . * GEORGE * ge J " timothy . what be you --?! * 109 jm 3/11/02 70 . ed George -- get he out of here ! Larry start move toward the kitchen with Paris . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont ’d ) let go of she , Larry ! paris I sincerely advise you to take you greasy hand off of I , psycho ! larry shut up ! ( to the other ) : stay back ! I have not hurt anyone tonight ! no one ! not anyone ! but I do not like cheap fuck whore and if you come one step closer I will not hesitate to -- a fire blaze in Paris 's eye as she scream in rage and knee Larry -- he crumble with the blow -- as Paris belting he across the side of the head with open claw -~ Larry howis , drop the knife -- the other rush forward as -- larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! ahh ! get she off I ! Paris and Larry crash into - the diner kitchen -- continuous Paris and Larry tumble to the floor -- the other , mesmerize by the freak - show fight as she beat up on Larry -- Paris be on Larry 's back , double - fisting the top of he head - larry get she fuck off I ! paris you pathetic psychotic piece of shit ?! how 's that for cheap ! ( hit he again ) how 's that ? and that !!? Larry grab a handul of she hair and pull Paris over the top -~- they crash down to the floor -- Rhodes and Ed bust into the kitchen to find Paris crack Larry over the head with a cast iron pot . he go quiet . * +t ee he he +e eh * +e eh * of '' , '' 110 111 jm 3/11/02 71 . ed alright . enough ! enough ! Paris kick free of Larry -- and pull herself up by the freezer door -- accidentally open it - and a frozen body fall out -- male , fat , late sixty -- the man from the fish picture in Larry 's office . the body crash down on top of Paris . she 's pin -- freaking out , scream -- straight into the freeze face -- paris ahhh ! get it off I ! Ed and Rhodes race to pull the freeze corpse off of she -- she scramble to she foot -- and everyone stare , stunne -- then they turn to look at Larry -- only he 's not there -- just the diner door , swinging open ... ext . rear of motel -~ night Larry run around the rear of the motel , check to make sure he 's alone -- ahead , park in the dark , he truck -- a flatbed pick - up under a overhang , it 's hood propped open . tool be spread all over . clearly , Larry 's be work on this truck -- but now it 's gotta run . he tighten a valve -- ext . courtyard ~- continuous '' Rhodes and Ed bust out the door and look about for Larry -- they check down a side alley -- move toward the rear . of the motel -- they reach the corner and suddenly hear -- a hood slam . they look to the rear of the motel -- Larry 's truck be twenty yard away -- engine revving , desert light glaring ~- facing right at they - ed Larry ! George step from he room , reacting to the commotion . he cross to Paris in the diner doorway . GEORGE what be go on ?.. from the truck , larry yell at rhode and ed - * jm 3/11/02 72 . larry I do not do shit ! get outta my way ! he slam on the gas and the four- wheel drive grip the mud like a tank -- it rocket towards the man - back in -- the courtyard the two man jump aside -- they have no hope of stop the truck ... Inside , Larry speed past they to freedom -- and that 's when little timothy walk out of the motel -- he 's follow he stepdad into the path of the speed truck . ed no no ! but there 's nothing he can do -- but George leap toward he boy as -- Inside the truck -- Larry react violently -- stamping on the brake -- skid -- he heave the wheel to one side -- but even studd tire find little traction in the mud - Little timothy stare into he oncoming light . frozen . larry truck horn blasting -~ the truck swerve smoothly clear of the boy - GEORGE no ! straight into GEORGE , who leep across the courtyard , _ try and save he son - the truck be travel at over forty when it hit he -- his body be scoop . up.on the grill ~- and as the truck impact the side of the motel -~ one can only guess George 's fate bury behind the grill -- blood seep onto the sidewalk ... Ginny come out -- and everyone be motionless -- there 's no question whether he 's dead -- no point in run to help . Paris stand in the diner door . ashen . there 's no > hope for George . she look to Little timothy . paris Jesus ... thunder rumble . cur to : gm 3/11/02 73. ommitted . int . room three / office -- night -- moment later close on -- larry -- close to tear , sputtering , as Ed and Rhodes lash he to a chair in the office . we pull back to reaveal -- Ginny on the couch hold a cry timothy . Paris stand in the doorway , stare out at the rain . larry it be a accident ! you see -- he run out there -- I am nota murderer ! rhode . there 's a dead body in you fuck freezer , psycho ! larry but I do not kill he ! I find he like that ! wait. listen ! that 's what I think you find in there . I know you would not understand ! ( reacting to rope ) owww ! ... just listen !.. I be in Vegas last month and I lose everything -- everything -- and I be drive west . and I be run on empty -- so I pull over ~ - pull over here -- and there be no one at the station -- so I come in the office -- walk right in and ~- there 's the manager -- sit at that desk right there , face down in a banquet pot pie -- dead -- heart -attack , I do not know . Paris turn , listen . Ed listen as well . larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) he have be sit there for who know how long . so I move he to the floor and that 's when this auto part salesman pull up look for a room . and do not ask I why -- but I take he thirty and give he one - - I just take a key from the wall and give he a room . maybe that be wrong but I do not have a dime and that 's what I do . ( more ) +t th jm 3/11/02 74 . larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) and then I come back here , and I move Larry 's body -- he name be Larry too -- I move he into the freezer . ( off they look ) it be hot out ! I think it be the best place for he till he family ... or someone ... come along ... only no one do . except more guest . so I check they in too . and they all seem happy . so , .. I just ... stay , .. I mean ... his name be Larry too , so it seem like destiny , you know ? like it be mean to be . a long beat ... then ... : rhode that be a total crock of shit ! larry no -- it 's not ! it 's not ! Rhodes get in he face . rhode admit it , weasel . you kill he , just like my con , just like she husband , just like he actress ! admit it ! . ginny .+- please stop ... I can not take this anymore . neither can he ... rhode it 's under control now . we get the guy . ed * ( crossing to the door ) * I do not know what we get . * larry * -- thank you . * paris * I think we get '' the guy '' a hour * ago and then we find he gargle * * a bat . I rhode oh come on ! you believe that shit ?! it he ! look at he . it 's he ! you see he with that fuck knife . he be gonna kill you ! paris ( cross to Ed ) I do not want to sound like a fool , but that story of he be so fuck unbelievable , it make I think it might be true . ed +.- you get a point . ginny ( very quiet , dead serious ) +.»- maybe it 's the burial ground . -.- read that brochure in there . it 's all around we . a hundred year ago , the government move this indian here . two hundred of they die cause there be no water . rhode and now what , now they be come back to life like sea monkey ?! gimme a break , honey ! ed Rhodes . come on . easy . rhode why do not you take it easy ?! you be try to run this show all night , point finger , hand out order . you blame my guy for everything but then he get himself kill -- it 's obvious the weasel do it -- we all see he run down George -- he have you actress wallet in he fuck pocket -- ! ginny ( hold timmy ) please stop ... rhode you want a plan . I get a plan . nobody 's gonna move . we be gonna stay here , just like this in this room till dawn . ( more ) jm 3/11/02 75 . * * + er + ee +e fe he +e oe * * +t of o 112a jm 3/11/02 76 . rhode . ( cont would ) no one 's gonna leave . and no one 's gonna move . and if it 's he , and he try something , .. I x11 shoot he . and if it 's something out there and they come in here , I x11 shoot they . and if one of we try anything -- ed -- I get it . I get it . a long beat . the wind rush . they all just sit there stare at one another . the light dim and come back . eye connect to one another . ' CUT to : int . hearing room -- night up from black on -- the defense attorney -- he continue he presentation to the judge ... defense attorney -- firstly , a insanity plea be refuse by the court despite the fact my client be a certifiable axis four disassociative . to this day he remain unaware of the crime for which he be convict . as you know , in 1986 , the United States Supreme Court rule state cannot execute a person who do not understand why he 's be put to death . judge he sign a confession , counselor . the detective hold up the confession . it be . sign with a crude '' '' . detective he do not just sign it . he dictate it to I . he tell I exactly how he kill each and every -- defense attorney ( stay on point ) secondly , a confession be accept into evidence despite the fact it be not sign nor dictate by malcolm Rivers . +e eh he +t tet tee hhh hf + * +e eh jm 3/11/02 77 . cy detective / this be a joke . the lawyer open a evidence bag ~ toss several black notebook onto the table -- defense attorney thirdly . malcolm 's diary , find mis-file in state evidence . important to note be the spectacular change in hand - write style , point of view and tone . the judge begrudgingly flip through the notebook . the description be accurate . some entry be in a florid feminine script , some in block letter , some in a violent child - like scrawl , some in anal retentive microprint , etc . defense attorney ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) ( cross ) Dr. mallick ? with permission , he 'il elaborate , you honor . the defesnse Attorney pass the judge he particular . doctor .-. there be no universally efficacious treatment for disassociative Identity disorder . in theory , one must attempt to move a patient toward integration -- a fold of they fracture psyche . to that end , I believe I have make significant progress with malcolm utilize a new therapy , the final step of which I initiate -- defense attorney =- with permission of the State Supreme Court -- | | | | doctor -- this afternoon , .. before malcolm leave ely . the door open . the sound of they seem heavy , ominous ... a guard poke he head in ... guard .»- he 's here , you honor . a sense of unease spread through the room . 112b 112c jm 3/11/02 78 . judge «» - any trouble ? the guard shake he head . judge ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) bring he up . a clock in the judge 's office strike twice . it be two be . CUT to : int . corridor / hearing room -- courthouse -~ continous the camera creep closer to the steel door of a freight elevator -- the cage be squealing its . way up the shaft ... we see the light of the cage and hear a heavy mechanical thud . another angle -- low -- close profile on the door open ... then a squeaking -- like a bike that need a shot of WD - 40 ... a wheelchair be push out -- as he round the corner into the hallway -- we reveal -- malcolm , strapped in a hospital arm chair -- a i.v. in he arm ... he have a placid androgenous face and a shave head , but there be a storm behind he eye . smash to black : int , room 3/4 / larry office -- night everyone ( Paris , Ed , Rhodes , Ginny , Larry , timothy ) be sit as they be , but drooped with exhaustion . a clock strkies twice . it be two be , suddenly , timothy climb out of Ginny 's arm and cross toward four . Ginny get up , chase after he -- ginny ( off a glare from Rhodes ) no , timmy . you need to stay in here with we . here. ( open the door ) here . I will keep the door open so you can keep a eye on mommy . timmy cross into he mother 's room . ginny ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) timmy ! rhode it 's okay . let he . + +e * jm 3/11/02 79 . C '' Ed cross to the brochure rack in Larry 's office . he pick ae ! up one regard the indian burial ground . Paris watch he j as he cross to the door . search for a dry cigarette and : look out at the rain fall . ' ginny ... remember that movie where ten stranger come to a island and they all die , one by one . it turn out they be not stranger , right ? they have a connection . larry they would all mess with the wrong guy and he be get revenge . rhode shut up . ginny I be just say -- maybe there 's some connection between all of we . ed I do not think so . a 7 Paris consider this . larry .-. we be all in nevada . rhode shut up . paris ( to Rhodes ) where be you head with you con -- when you pull in here ? rhode «-. carson City . paris I be go home . to Florida . ( to Ed ) where be you go ? ed take a actress to L.A. : larry mh hey . I be bear in Florida . +e eh * ++ of + jm 3/11/02 80 . | '' Rhodes level he gun at Larry - * | larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) Jesus . I be just talk ! * rhode since you be in that chair , no one 's die . so I suggest you shut the fuck up . ee larry ( correct ) since we have all be here ! »-. since we have all be here ! eee * another silence . Thunder rumble . paris _ ! where in Florida , Larry ? + + Larry look nervously to Rhodes -- * larry -++ Polk County . paris you be kid - that 's where I be bear . what town ? larry Mulberry . paris frostproof . | larry | no wonder you leave . | ed there 's a town call , ' frostproof ' ? paris they grow orange . the name kinda double as a slogan . larry I dance hallelujah the day I leave Polk . why would you wanna go back ? paris «.. I find a grove for sale on the net . ( more ) oo . - jm 3/11/02 bl . paris ( cont would ) | nine acre , twelve hundred tree . i lime and orange . accord to the | realtor , the soil need a few till .0 for phosphorus -- and the lane need reed , but it 's good land . she find herself look at they astonished face - paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * -- what ? ed it sound nice . quiet again . Broken suddenly by a sharp klink from the next room . and the SOUND of timothy crying . Ed and Rhodes get up and cross into four . 113 int . room four - continuous Alice lie motionless on the bed . timothy be cry in the corner . he look terrify . ed , * she 's not breathe . : Ed look to Ginny . he gesture for she to get he out . Ginny pull he away as -- Ed start cpr on Alice . Paris and Rhodes watch , the room in chill silence ... Rhodes look downward at the floor . he pick up the klink thing that fall to the ground ... it 's another room key . Ed stop the cpr . it 's no use . out of breath , Ed look to the * room key in Rhodes 's hand . it be number six . * ed ( cont would ) * that do not make sense . * .-- she die from a accident . * paris * George be a accident . * ++. i£ you believe Larry . * rhode * but why six ? ... they skip seven . * look between they ... they know what they have to do next ... * jd ° CUT to : * | jm 3/11/02 82. ( 7 ) 114-115 ommitted . 116 ext . golden palm motel -- night the roar of a engine as it 's fire up -- and Paris back up Larry 's truck -- Ed guide it off the corpse . she shut off the motor and the three ( Rhodes , Ed , Paris ) gather around George 's body ... Larry watch through the office door , still tie to he chair . Ginny stand under the eve . timothy sleep on the couch through the door behind she . Ed find George 's hand and pries they apart - nothing . Rhodes kneel beside Ed and gently peel back the blood soak jacket , search through George 's pocket ... Rhodes pull out a key from George 's pants ... rhode Seven . Ed and Rhodes exchange glance . stand under the eve , rain fall all around she , Paris look about , pale , speechless . tear stand in she eye . paris --- this be ... ... really ... very fuck . up . ... I mean , I see what happen . ... I be right there . I see he run out . no one could have know he be gonna do that . no one ... ginny no one human . rhode so be that where we be now ?! be it ?! it 's the shoshone spirit get they revenge ?! ( stomping into the diner ) ~- hey . maybe it 's the the ghost of the guy Larry shove in a baggie ! Rhodes clatter about in the diner , look for a bottle of booze with something leave inside . CUT to : * pw jm 3/11/02 83. vy 116aa under the eves -- moment later * Ed turn to Paris and Ginny . he look Paris in the eye . * ed listen . take she car and get out of * here . you , she and the kid . * ginny * .-. where be we suppose to go ? * ed * how much gas do you have ? * * ginny half a tank . * ed it almost three . you can drive till dawn on that . just keep move ... when you get to where it 's flood , turn around and go the other way ... ( off Ginny 's expression ) look . I be sorry I do not do this : sooner -- I do not understand what 's happen here anymore -- cy ( look to Rhodes ) -- and he 's make I nervous . a * 116a int . room four -- Paris go for she bag . Ginny gather she thing and pull timothy into she arm . * larry whoa , whoa . what 's goin on ? they can not leave . | Rhodes walk in , sip from a schnapp bottle . he notice | Ginny , timothy and Paris pack up . | rhode what be you do ? * ed they be leave . . * rhode ( a slight beat ; then ) , you can not let a bunch of suspect * | run out after four people -- * ed : J '' do you really think they be * ss suspect , Rhodes ? I do not . * ( more ) jm 3/11/02 84 . ed ( cont would ) and if it 's not they , then they be safest where we be not . of ls rhode there 's a thing call procedure , Eddie -~ ed and when exactly do procedure start matter to you ? rhode I be tell you they be not go . ed I say they they be . so back the fuck off ! Rhodes steam -- but step back as -- Ginny carry timothy past he , out the door . Paris follow -- Ed follow Paris out under the eve - cuT to : 117 ext . golden palm motel - continuous Larry glare out the office door , disgust . larry this be bullshit . I be not allow to leave . Ginny continue around front with timothy -- ed hey , hey . Paris . ... here . Ed hold out he .38 snub nose . she take it . ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) '' + eI ' 1l be okay . Rhodes step outside as Paris kiss Ed on the cheek -~- and suddenly -- ka - booom !! a huge explosion rock the motel -- everyone turn to see a mushrooming fireball billowing from the front of the motel - . 117a in the office -- the window shatter -- Larry fall over in he chair from the shockwave -- the chair crack -- he struggle to get loose -- \_g 117cont outside -- debris rain down as -- Paris , Ed and Rhodes hurry around to - jm 3/11/02 85 . ext . the front of the golden palm - continuous ginny 's car be a raging inferno -- hardly recognizable . you can not get within a twenty foot of the thing ... they stare , speechless as the gasoline continue to burn . disbelieve . Larry yell from back at the office ... larry «.. I get fire extinguishers ... Rhodes run to Larry . but Ed do not move . he be numb . he look to Paris , she face light by the spitting fire ... paris ... we be never get out of here ... : Larry and Rhodes return with two red canister . helped by the rain they get the fire under control , but the extinguishers run out of juice . the rain sizzle as it fall on the hot metal and remain flame . smoke billow in the rain . they stare at the skeleton of the car . rhode where the hell be they ? there be no trace of the body in the car . larry -.- maybe it get so hot , they be cremate . ed there would be something leave . a belt buckle . teeth. something . Rhodes turn to Ed . Fire eye . rhode this be you idea . Ed say nothing ... ashen . rhode ( cont have ) +-. you tell they to leave . ( beat ) where 's you gun ? Paris close she handbag on Ed 's gun as -- Rhodes step forward and search ed. something jingle in he coat pocket . Rhodes pull out -- * + eee * * * o~ 124 119 - jm 3/11/02 86 . the keys to room five and four . Paris and Larry stare . ed ( look about , stunne ) that be not mine ... someone put that in my pocket ... ( look to Paris ) they be not mine ! Rhodes cuff ed. he turn to Paris . rhode give I he gun . now . Paris hand Rhodes she gun . heisitant . cur to : 123b ommitted . int . diner -- golden palm ~- night Rhodes , Ed , Paris and Larry stand in the door , ( Ed at gunpoint ) stare blankly -- all face -- the empty diner --- maine' body be gone . paris «.e0h my God . all that 's leave be the top half of larry 's baseball bat -- lean neatly against the pillar , it 's break in just the right place so that a man could fake he death , stick the cut - off end in he mouth . Larry cross to it , pick it up . rhode ... what the fuck ?! ed ( to Rhodes ) you check he pulse , right ? when we find he with the bat . tell I you check he pulse , Rhodes . Rhodes say nothing . CUT to : ff ho of * * * + + +e * + % +t + ( ) 125 W 125a '' 125b jm 3/11/02 87 . ext . courtyard -- night the wind have pick up outside as -- Paris , Ed and Larry emerge from the diner , Ed still at gunpoint . they stare at -- the place in front of Larry 's truck where George York have be . ... but he too be gone . no trace . bam -- a door slam behind they in the wind . they spin -- startle . lighten hit they face . cur to : int . room six - moment later Ed , Rhodes , Paris and Larry stand in the doorway face where -- Lou 's body have be . there 's nothing now . they all look at one another , speechless as -- the wind howl and the light dim brown again . lighten . ed maybe you want to take the cuff off , now . CUT to : int . motel laundry - moment later Paris , Larry , Rhodes and Ed ( cuff off ) move down a dark alley . they enter the laundry room to see -- the dryer be all open . and empty . and clean ... no trace of carolyn suzzanne . ed -+- no blood . not even a drop . larry it be everywhere . ( beat ) --- there 's this stuff on tv , say it can get stain out of anything ... rhode someone 's collect body . cuT to : + ee * et +e the hf + + ++ * jm 3/11/02 88. int . room three / four / office -- same Paris , Ed and Larry enter Larry 's office ... the window be shattered . Water dribble from the ceiling . the storm be get worse . they move to the doorway of room four . the bed be empty and made -- and alice 's body gone . there be a loud bang . the screen door slam shut from the rise wind . the door to room four be thrown OPEN . the light dim brown and come back . Ed look to Rhodes . paris ( out to the world ) ahhhhh ! motherfucker ! I give up ! what the hell do you want !?. what do you want ! -- answer I you sick bastard -- whoever the hell you be ~- what do you want ?! ed Paris ... paris I am gonna be thirty next week and I want to go home and grow orange ! ' got a problem with that , edward ?! for a moment the room be very quiet ... then ... larry ++e it 's you birthday next week ? Paris turn . Fire in she eye . say nothing . larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) it 's my birthday next week . -+. the tenth . paris ( blink ) '' +. eme too . rhode I too . Paris look to Ed ... Thunder ... his too ... CUT to : +e +t hf 126a 126b jm 3/11/02 89 . int . larry office ~ continuous close on -- larry 's GREEN BOX with copy of everybody 's i.d 's -- Larry open the box and flip through they -- larry .-.. George and timothy York . caroline Suzanne , Rhodes , Maine , Ginny and Louis iana -- all with the same birthday . May tenth . what be the odd ? it must be ten trillion to one . Ed blink , stunne by something Larry have say . he take the licence from he -- stare at they . rhode what be it ?.. Ed say nothing . suddenly the dripping ceiling of the office burst with water . Paris and Larry leap out of the cascade from the into room three . and just as suddenly -- the power goe out ! Rhodes turn to Larry in the other room -- he yell to he through the veil of water -- rhode ( cont have ) where 's the transformer -- the fuse box ?! larry in back -- by the laundry room rhode race outside into the whipping wind . Larry cross out under the eve , point Rhodes in the right direction . larry back there . on the other side of the building ... : Larry turn -- notice -- at the back of the motel , a wire have fall shoot spark . cur to : back in the office -- continuous close on -- ed -- in the darkness ... almost hypnotize ... he stare at the i.d. 's on Larry 's desk ... he have to sit from the shock of what he see ... jm 3/11/02 90 . ed «-. Ginny ... and Louis iana ... Virginia and Louisiana ... he look up at a yellowing map of the United States on the wall , barely visible but for the lightning . he look back at the licence . we see they as well -- up close -- ed ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) caroline ... Carolina ... ... Paris nevada . ... George York ... Rhodes ... rhode Island ... Robert Maine ... Larry Washington ... ( look at he own i.d. -) '' Edward dakota ...- a strange pulsing buzz rise and Ed appear dizzy , he eye glaze in the darkness . the sound of the other yell and the rain and the thunder fade and be replace by a eerie buzz ... Ed fumble , reach for he pill box .. but suddenly -- out of the quiet he hear a calm voice speak -- doctor 's voice ( 0.s. ) .-. malcolm be raise in a roadhouse in Northern nevada . he be repeatedly molest by he father . his mother die of a drug overdose when he be twelve ... Ed turn blink in the a rise light -~ he eye : begin to make out someone -- a unseen man . ed Doc ?.. CUT to : 126c under the eves of the golden palm -- continuous Larry and Paris watch through the rush water as -- Rhodes struggle with the fuse box in the slashing wind and rain . rhode I can not see anything . throw I a flashlight ! Larry look to Paris --~ larry _ it 's in my trailer . i sf ( regard the live wire ) ~ -.- I be not go back there . * the eh * ee 127 128 129 130 131 jm 3/11/02 91 . Paris look to -- rhode 's correction sedan park in the * rain . she run across to it and pull open the door . * ommitted int . rhode 's car -- continuous Paris land in the driver 's seat -- and see -- -- the radio have be rip out . paris -~- what the ...? she pull open the glove box . nothing but papers . she pull the trunk release -- and as she do , notice -- on top of the papers , two prisoner transer form -- one for ROBERT maine , with he picture ... and the other for SAMUEL rhode -- with he arrest picture print beneath it -- Rhodes be not a cop ... il lo to breathless , horrify , Paris turn , feel something behind she on the seat . it be a puncture -- slightly bloody -- that fall right in the center of she back . we freeze frame as we - ommitted smash CUT to : ext . desert highway -- day -- earlier that day Rhodes ' car speed along peacefully ... int . rhode ' car -- same time Rhodes sit in back with the other prisoner , ROBERT maine -- up front the car be drive by a dull officer in he fifty - in the rear , Rhodes pull a razor thin spike out of he boot - - then he carefully position the point in a seam he have find in the protective plate between he and the driver . he lift he foot and smashes the spike through the seat with he shoe . the officer writhes in agony as the spike plunge into he back through the car seat - * Rhodes be startle as -- Maine shiek with joy . * rhode * shut you mouth . or you be next . * jm 3/11/02 92 . oy the car speed off of the highway -- and come to a * : 7 standstill in the desert sand - | i : i ! 132 ext . desert highway -- moment later i Rhodes slam the trunk on the officer 's body and begin to * put on he clothes -- maine * what be I suppose to wear ? rhode * you be in it . smash to : | 133 int . rhode ' car -- night rain thunder down as the car pull up in front of the Motel . Larry 's out there with he flashlight . we see the fuel gauge - - right on empty ... maine now what ? * Rhodes step out into the rain ... rhode * Officer Rhodes , correction . * you the manager ...? * , smash back to : 133a ext . rhode car - continuous Paris stand in the rain before Rhodes 's brightly lit- trunk . she be face -- the middle aged officer in boxer short . quite dead . a bloody wound in he back . Paris cover she mouth to keep from scream . she turn toward -- Larry still under the.eves ... watch Rhodes ... paris Larry ! larry what ?! paris '' { " come here ! a jm 3/11/02 93. ) larry - +. - what ? Paris look toward the laundry room -- in the darkness , through the slashing rain , Rhodes stare at she ... he know she know . that much be visible , even from this distance . Paris make a dash through the downpour to Larry 's office . * 133b int . office --~ continuous * Paris rush inside and blink in the drip darkness , * look for ed. lightn flash . : * paris * +-- Ed ! ... Ed ! Ed ! * he 's go . no trace . the i.d. 's scattered on the ground ... * the screen door rattles . Paris run to the door . * paris ( cont have ) * Ed !... Larry ?.. * '' footstep approach from the walkway outside . * Paris run through the connect room door , crouching -- * move toward the sound , but from inside , look out the * vain soak window . * in room four , she spy -~ a dark figure move toward the office . nothing but a distort silouette . Larry ? Ed ?... the figure move off . they enter the office . Paris peer out onto the eve . look both way . nothing . larry ( 0.s . ) +-- Paris ?.. * Paris again poke she head out . race into the office . paris ( a hushed whisper ) Larry !.. Larry ! it 's Rhodes . he 's ... : * as Paris round the corner she run into -- rhode . he be soak with water . his eye black . wd rhode move toward she . and she back up . en jm 3/11/02 94 . kd rhode wad ».- I want my life back . that 's all . I be just like you . + paris «.- you be not like I . you be a killer . you be do time for a double fuck homicide ! +e * rhode my wife and she boyfriend be run away with my kid ! + paris what about the guy in you trunk ? be he run away with you kid ?! what about all the fuck other people you kill tonight . tte rhode I '' warning you right now , honey . I have get a temper problem . I be no pussy like Larry . nothing 's gonna stop I from get out of here ! and if I have to hurt you -- +t ee he t} paris — ..- where the hell be Ed ?! . * rhode : . where be the keys to the truck ?! * paris -- ask the pussy . * suddenly -- crack -- larry hit rhode from behind with a FIRE extinguisher . he hit he again for good measure . Rhodes collapse to the ground . 134 ext . golden palm motel -- night Larry and Paris come tear away from the motel -- they race to Larry 's truck - they can still see Rhodes lie in front of the office door . paris that 's be good , Larry . : larry . * } .-- yeah .. gimme the key . * no jm 3/11/02 95 . i paris * nd ++- I do not have they . * larry * -' - well , I do not ... you guy take * they when you --- shit . * paris * what . . * larry * I get spare in my desk . * paris +. okay ... larry so we be go back in there . paris ( nod ) * larry -. okay ... ( ty they run back toward the office ... CUT to : 135 int . larry office , golden palm motel -- same time Paris and Larry enter ... Rhodes be slump -- blood be dribble out of he ear - Larry grab the spare key from he desk . toss they to Paris . paris .+- what be you . do ? * larry we need a gun . * paris * Larry -- * tentatively , Larry reach to Rhodes ... put he hand on he * gun -- but rhode ' sit up - * larry * Jesus ! cy jm 3/11/02 96 . Rhodes put the gun in Larry 's thigh -- and fire -- Larry cry in agony as the bullet rip through he leg -- he start roll on the floor in excruciate pain - Rhodes , still sit on the ground , shoot larry a second time in the chest . Larry meet eye with Paris . a sad expression overtake he . then he collapse . Dead . Rhodes turn to Paris -- her gun aim quiveringly at he -- paris I will kill you where you sit so lose the gun ! now ! with a blank expression , Rhodes fire -- bang -- hit the ceiling four foot from Paris -- water . trickle down as he fire -- bang -- two foot from she into the ceiling -- more water trickle -- bang -- one foot from she -- then he aim directly at her -- paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) alright , alright !! shit ! Paris toss down the gun . rhode ( struggle to stand ) give I the key . Paris do nothing . rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be not interested in you , honey . but I be not fucking around ! give I the key ! Paris look deep in he black eye -- and run like hell - Rhodes fire -- bang -- rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) GOD dammit ! -- and stagger to he foot -- the blow have do some damage - he struggle to reload and shuffles to the door -- meanwhile -- Paris race toward the back of the motel . but turn from the spitting live wire just as -- bang -- Rhodes take a shot at she -- Paris scream as the bullet impact inch from she head . * F eee he + ee ek * * 135 '' 135d 135e gm 3/11/02 97 . paris Jesus ! ... Ed ! where be you ! paris run down a walkway -- night she grab a two by four and crouch beneath the vend machine . terrify . unsure from which way death will come . rhode stagger down the motel walkway toward her . he follow she path along the walkway . then pause ... a idea ... paris sees -- a figure walking toward her -- . it be come from the back side of the motel . a dark figure in the blackness . she crouch lower and hold the two by four in the air . if it 's Rhodes , he 's double back around . if it 's Ed , he 's about to get he head knock in . suddenly Paris turn , sense someone behind she . it be a dark figure ~- Ed . he look frightening . his eye be black . she run from he just as -- rhode step into the vending machine area . he look about . slow. deadly . Ed watch he . then move on after Paris . curt to : rear of motel -~ near larry 's trailer Ed approach Paris . paris please get away from I . ed . I be not . go to hurt you . paris why the fuck should I believe you !? where the hell have you be ?! suddenly rhode round the corner facing they -- there be four cascade waterfall of runoff between they and Rhodes . Rhodes squint at they through the water -- bang . Ed shove Paris back -- '' ) jm 3/11/02 98 . and a bullet explode into ede shoulder . he fall back against the pool house . he look up into Paris 's eye . she be terrify in the soft shadow . paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) Jesus !.. Ed chuckle through the pain ... paris ( cont have ) what happenen to you ? where do you go ? you know something ... Ed look at she , rain run down he face . ed stay here . paris why ? where be you go ?.. ed ( smile ) just stay here . paris Ed ... Ed turn to face Rhodes and start advance toward he , through the first cascade run-off . rhode stay where you be and toss I the fuckin’ key ! Ed keep advance . rhode ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) I do not do all this . you can not blame I for this . Ed keep advance ... rhode ( cont would ) its bigger than I . ed slightly . yes . Ed advance through the next veil of water . Paris watch , stricken as -- Rhodes raise he gun -- lj jm 3/11/02 99 . rhode stop ! paris no !.. Ed keep move -- only one veil of water remain between they . Rhodes fire -- bang -- and Ed take another shot to the body . but he keep move -- move through the last cascade as -- bang , bang -- he take two more shot to the body , and land on top of Rhodes -- and they roll into the mud -- Rhodes come close to the sparking live wire and try to evade the voltage rippling through a deep puddle as -- Ed manage to grip Rhodes 's gun -- Paris run down from the pool house as -- Ed manage to point the gun to Rhodes 's chest -- and fire the remain shot -- bang ~- point blank into he heart . Rhodes fall back , dead ... Ed collapse to the ground under the eve . blood seep from he body . he pants for air . Paris run up to he . paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) oh , God - tell I what to do ?! he manage to look at she -- but there be a hopeless shadow in he eye ... paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) help I get you in the the truck . we will drive to the hospital . she try to move he , but Ed pull away . paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) you need to go to the hospital ! the weakest chuckle eminate from ed. paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( tear in she eye ) what ! what 's so fuck funny ?! Ed just look at she -- the answer unspeakable ... jm 3/11/02 100 . the picture freeze frame as we -- smash CUT to : 136-143 ommitted . 144 145 int . larry 's office -- golden palm motel ~- night we be in Larry 's office ( 15 minute ago ) -- Ed stare at the yellowing map of the United States . he look back at the i.d. 's on the desk . the pulsing buzz rise ... Ed fumble , reach for he pill ... but suddenly -- out of the quiet , the voice -- doctor ( 0.s. ) ».. raise in a roadhouse in | Northern nevada . he be molest by he father . and he mother die of a drug overdose when he be twelve . ed »-. Doc ? Ed turn blink in the light . we be close on he . all we hear be he breathe -- as if he 's under water ... he 's no longer in the same room as before -- there be white light -- his eye be wide ... other man what 's go on ? first man please be quiet . . ed spin , disorient , reacting to the voice in the light . older man he can hear what we be say ? and suddenly -- ed' Pov be look right at -- the doctor . doctor Edward ? he Pov turn again . there 's the assistant d.a. , the detective , the judge and stenographer -- all look at he . + ee of + jm 3/11/02 101 . ecu on ed' eye . confuse . he squint in white light . there be a odd hum . a murmur of voice . where be he ? how did he get here ? ( we be in the hearing room ) ed' Pov -- he notice a I -v position nearby . extremely close on ed -- blink at the Doctor - ed +.- where be I , Doc ?.. judge he know you . ed' Pov -- the Doctor look right at he . assure . doctor he 's a patient of mine , .. right Edward ? you come to see I after you have some trouble at work . you have a few blackout . extremely close on ed - blinking , confuse ... his eye dart the room , try to find a point of reason ... ed -.- be I in the hospital again ? how long have I be out ? doctor what 's the last thing you remember ? ed I be at a motel ... «.- there be ...a storm ... I could not get out ... Ed notice it be raining out the window . doctor what happen there ? ed ..- people be ... ... die ... disappear ... this family ... doctor the york ... ed this convict ... meee at ec o jm 3/11/02 102. * doctor * Rhodes ... ed ( confuse ) no , he 's the ... ( beat ) ..- how do you know they ? eh of doctor I know they just like I know you . ( beat ) ..- Edward , .. last you remember -- who be still alive ? + to ed : ...- Paris , .. Larry and Rhodes ... the judge flip through the notebook , astonished . the judge's Pov -- close on - the notebook -- each diary entry have be sign by one of the people we meet at the motel . Paris , Larry , Ed , Rhodes , timothy , etc . doctor I need you to look at something . the Doctor open a folder . Inside be -- a picture of malcolm . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * do you recognize this man ? Ed look at the photograph -- the face mean nothing to he . ed no. a murmur in the room . doctor Edward . this man , malcolm Rivers * have have a very troubled life . he be convict four year ago for the murder of six people at a roadside motel in a terrible rage . the detective toss a collection of horrific crime scene photo onto the table -- detective he do this . im 3/11/02 103. ro doctor X . } detective . please ! malcolm ( as Ed ) stare at they , shocked by what he see -- we see only fragment of they , death after death . the location of the murder do not appear the same as that at the Golden Palm and the victim be different too , but the method and body position be eerily familiar ... Ed look up at the Doctor . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * when face with intense trauma , Edward , a child 's mind can fracture ~- ! create ' disasociated identity 's , ' alter 's which possess no memory of the pain and thus , allow the child to * inhabit they free of it . this be what * happen to malcolm . he develop a condition commonly know as multiple personality syndrome . ed why be you tell I this ?.. cy ) doctor ( gently ) because ... you ... Edward , be one of he personality . for a moment , Ed 's world stop . he sit in silence , try to make sense of what he 's be tell ... then he chuckle ... ed «.. what ?.. the Doctor give Ed -- a hand mirror . he numbly look at he own reflection -- only it 's not he reflection . the reflection in the mirror be that of malcolm ... the mirror be drop on the table and the camera whip pan to a shot of malcolm - stunned - he tries to stand - but realize he's strapped to the chair - he pull at the strap - shocked ~ terrified - panicked ! malcolm ( as Ed ) Jesus Christ ! why be I -- Jesus ! _ what the fuck be go on ?! i J where be my face !? jm 3/11/02 104 . | C ) he catch sight of he reflection in the window -- -- and again see malcolm . + doctor try to stay calm , Edward . malcolm ( as Ed ) what be go on ?! where be my face ?! what be you do to I ?! doctor Edward ... there 's a reason I be do this if you will let I ... malcolm : why am I tied down ?! let I out ! where be my face !? doctor please , .. Edward ... malcolm where be everyone ? who be these people ?! what happened at the motel ? ... wherem paris ? doctor .»-. the motel do not exist , Edward . except in the paradigm of malcolm 's childhood . nor do the people you meet there . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) * you have be share a single mind with ten other , Edward . you have be live a episodic life . malcolm ( as Ed ) you be a liar ! doctor consider what you know . everyone name after a state . everyone with the same birthday . the blackout . malcolm I be a cop . I be a cop in the rampart division of the lapd for _ six year ! ( more ) oy malcolm ( cont would ) I live in hollywood , in a studio apartment -- the elevator smell like cat piss ! the six button doesn ’t work ! detective this be complete bullshit . malcolm ( as Ed ) you do not believe I ? ten- eleven vine . check it out ! go ahead . check it out ! doctor you do not live there , Edward . you do not live anywhere . malcolm be in the middle of a medical treatment . one which force co-consciousness . one which bring all he identity , include you , together . the motel be a scenario . suggested . to awaken memory in malcolm 's core . I know there would be violence and with it , the number of identity would be reduce . malcolm ( as Ed ) become still . malcolm '-.reduce ?.. doctor only one of the alter you have meet tonight commit this murder four year ago , Edward . but in nineteen hour , malcolm will be put to death for they action , unless I can convince that man -- ( point . to the judge ) -- that theyare go . malcolm so you be kill we !? doctor if I do not succeed , you will all surely die with malcolm tomorrow . malcolm ( as Ed ) I don ’t ... believe it ! jm 3/11/02 105 . +e t+ ff fh hf HH % % ttt ee HH HH '' 145 aa jm 3/11/02 106 . doctor I need you to . * malcolm ( as Ed ) stare at the Doctor -- utterly shattered ... tear run down he cheek . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) * I be try to integrate a man 's mind , Edward . to repair a life fracture . and to purge a killer . I need a single identity to survive . there be only one body . we be close on malcolm ... the pulsing buzz rise . a heartbeat ... Light begin to fade . the sound of rain ... malcolm ( as Ed , becomm dizzy ) --- what do you want from I ?!.. suddenly , there's another voice from one side of malcolm -- a distant scream -- Paris -- then a gunshot . malcolm ( as Ed ) look to the Doctor ... he be fade into darkness ... malcolm ( cont 'd ) ( cont have ) . * ( as Ed ) -.- Paris ... doctor only one can survive , Edward . Edward ... stay with I . I need you to understand ... ( he voice fade ) another scream -- and malcolm ( as Ed ) turn to the sound -- as we -- CUT to : ext . desert near motel -- night -- continuous * Wide on the motel . fifty yard away in the desert . the light * be out and we hear Paris scream -~- * whip pan to -- close on -- ed -- stand in the rain . he 's * be to hell and back . emotional . stun . he gaze about , * feel the water on he face . the wind blow . he look t * * he own hand , touch he own face . * he turn from the motel and look into the blackness of the desert behind he . he could just walk away . * 145a 146 jm 3/11/02 107 . more scream from Paris -- another shot -- Ed turn back to the motel . with resolve , he walk toward it . his footstep gather speed on the rain soak sand . suddenly we hear -- paris ( 0.s. ) ... Ed ! stay with I -- ... Ed ! smash to : ext . golden palm motel -- night / dawn -- rain ed face paris . he 's slump . blood soak he chest .. paris Ed ... ... please let I help you . Ed stare , life fade from he . his breathe shallow ... Paris know he 's be devastate in some way ... paris ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) why will not you let I help you !? ..- what the fuck happen ?! where do you go ?! what do you see ?!.. seamless insert : int . hearing room - night - rain intense close up on -- malcolm -- a weak smile on he face . : malcolm ( as Ed ) »-- I saw you ... seamlessly back to : ext . golden palm motel - night / dawn - rain intense close up on --. ed -- a weak smile on he face . ed -.. in a orange grove ... and with that , he die gently ... Paris just kneel there ... the rain lighten up ... Dawn rise ... CUT to : +e ee * + * on ua ps . 148 149 150 a jm 3/11/02 108. ext . golden palm motel -- dawn wide -- dawn rise over the motel - - as Paris stand . she walk calmly from Ed 's body -- to Larry 's truck . it start up first time . the wheel spin in the mud as she pull away ... ext . desert highway -- dawn the truck speed east -- directly into the sun that 's dawn ... in the cab of the truck , Paris ' have to squint into the bright orange light ... dissolve to : int . hearing room -- dawn malcolm sit in the chair ... smiling sernely ... squint as if stare into a bright light ... the Assistant d.a. , the detective , the judge and Sharon the stenographer all sit in stunne silence ... contemplate that to which they have just bear witness ... doctor the question , you honor , be whether to convict the body or the mind . his body commit this murder , that be true . but the person who remain inside do not . you witness the destruction of ten soul tonight . nine be innocent . one be guilty . the violence that exist in he have be execute , a long pause ... defense attorney .»- malcolm belong at the state hospital , you honor . assistant d.a. ... you honor . the judge rub he eye . cut to : ommitted + ee +e tt eh +e et * * + ( 7 ) st 152 153 154 jm 3/11/02 109 . ext . courthouse -- morning judge ( 0.s. ) ... in the matter of Rivers versus . nevada , it be the reccomendation of this court that Mr. River 's execution be stay . I be tranfer he to State psychiatric service under the care of Dr. mallick ... eee eh he park in the center of the courtyard be a black van . and there be the Doctor , exhaust from the long night , wait with two guard ... a set of security gate open and malcolm be escort toward hwe car by two more Guards ... -- malcolm be secure in the rear of the van with the * Doctor ... a second guard start up the van ... * and the van pulis out slowly ... * int . correction van -- continuous * malcolm raise he head ... and look at the road ahead ... he smile peacefully ... the voice have stop scream . the doctor look proudly at he patient . sunlight flicker on malcolm 's face . we hear the sound of bird sing . CUT to : ext . country road , florida groveland -- day citrus grove as far as the eye can see ... and there , speed in the Florida sunshine -- a yellow truck . and we see Paris , look at the road ahead ... smiling ' peacefully ... she 's find she way home . she hum a tune to herself ... cuT to : int . prison van -- day * close on malcolm ... hum the same tune ... 155 156 gm 3/11/02 110 . and we see the Doctor ... he too wear a air of serenity . a mammoth task have be complete , but now the job of rehabilitation begin ... CUT to : ext . citrus grove -- day close on a real estate " sold " sign -- reveal -- Paris stand on the side of the road -- a huge smile on she face as she look at the small grove that 's now hers ... she walk to the close tree -- a ripening lime -- and touch it 's bark fondly , whisper to it gently ... paris everything 's go to be okay . she kneel to the ground and scoops a handful of dirt with a serrate garden fork -- she put the fork down and crumble the dirt between she finger , analyze the fiber ... she take a second handful ... and realize ... there 's something under the dirt ... perhaps litter ... she pull it out ... it 's a motel key . she wipe away the dirt -- it be room key number one . the color drain from she face -~ she turn quickly - and come face to face with little timothy -- the serrate fork hold at he side - timothy hello . CuT to : a series of smash cut - we hear nothing but a heartbeat - *** note *** this sequence feature flash of action from the murder at the golden palm and the corresponding murder malcolm at the ' real 's motel in the crime scene photo . though the sequence will be horrifying , the actual kill be off - screen . the horror of the scene be the terrifying unison with which this boy and man carry out they psychotic rage . HH kkk ek eker ikke ke eker ere eee ee eee keekkekeekkeekrkrkeke in larry office -- Little timothy look from Larry 's speed truck to he step - father -- calculate , then run in front of the truck - od 157 C 158 159 160 161 162 162a 163 164 165 166 167 167a 168 169 jm 3/11/02 111. in the motel reception from the crime photo -- malcolm shove a man to the ground in ginny' car , Little timothy open the rear door and run away unnotice , moment before it explode - in a parking lot at the crime scene motel -- malcolm stab a unseen man vigorously . in room three -- timothy stand at he mother 's bedside -- he put he hand over she mouth and pinch she nose - in a room at the crime scene motel --malcolm smother a woman with a pillow ... in the rear of the golden palm -- timothy stalk caroline as she trudge through the rain under she shower curtain - at the real crime scene -- malcolm plunge a large knife into a woman on the phone . in room EIGHT at the golden palm -- timothy sit in the corner watch Lou and Ginny argue a blade in he hand ... in a room at the crime scene motel - malcolm slashes at a young man trapped against a door . . in the diner -- timothy shuffles toward Maine , drag Larry 's baseball bat . at the crime scene motel -~- malcolm smashes a offscreen man with a bloody bat . the victim 's hand reach out ... on the desert road -- GEORGE and alice changing the tire -- timothy sees the limousine heading straight for he mother -— he smile and doe nothing - in the courtyard of the crime scene mot ! -- malcolm slashes at a woman on the sidewalk ... smash back to : ext . citrus grove -- day timothy take a step closer to Paris with the knife ... smash back to : int . prison van -- day malcolm turn to the Doctor -- he wear the same satanic expression he wear in the killing we just witness . * * * * + gm 3/11/02 112. ~ doctor ry what be it , malcolm ? | malcolm stare at the Doctor -~ - black behind he eye - pf malcolm ( as Little timothy ) whore do not get a second chance . confusion on the Doctor 's face -- and a sudden blur of arm and cuff -- a scream -- 170 ext . desert highway -- day : for a moment the prison van drive serenely , before it * swerve off the road -- into a ditch . Dust rise . | | and all be still ... except for the howl . the end