idle hand by terri Hughes and ron milbauer Producers : licht / Mueller flim Corp. fade in : bolan , oregon -- present day int . bedroom - night a middle - age , middle - class , woman , norma , shuffles through the bedroom door in dusty , once - fluffy slipper , a cup of tea in she hand , call over she shoulder to she husband : norma just once a week , Gary . it really do not cost that much . she turn back the bedspread as gary follow she in , he bare foot slapping on the hardwood floor . gary it 's a waste . Norma hang both of they bathrobe from peg on the door 's backside and set she teacup , still half - full , next to the telephone on a table just inside the door . she face he . norma Betty Johnson win a $ 500 blackout last Saturday . the mattress sag under Gary 's weight . he do not respond . she climb into bed beside he . norma I will bet she husband do not think bingo 's a waste . I will bet he be happy to help spend that $ 500 . gary good night , Norma . he switch the bedside lamp off . in the darkness , they settle back into the pillow and look up . scrawle on the ceiling in glow - in- the-dark paint be the chill word : i'm under the bed Norma scream . sitting bolt-upright , Gary snap the lamp back on and put a steadying hand on he wife 's shaking shoulder . gary ( gruffly ) that little bastard ! if he think this be funny , I will make damn sure he think again . norma check . ' gary what ? norma please . check under the bed . gary it 's a prank , that 's all . Anton -- norma Anton have not be home all day . he do not do this . oh , God , Gary , what if -- gary Norma , no one 's there , trust I . he swing over the edge of the bed , shove the overhange blanket out of he way . upside -down , he look under the bed and then haul himself back up . gary okay ? nada . now , can we -- she gasp , grab he arm . norma I hear something downstairs ! Gary groan . gary Jesus , Norma . norma please ? I will not be able to sleep . gary ( sighing , exasperate ) Fine . get up , he yank he bathrobe from its peg and open the door . . norma be careful . Gary roll he eye and head out . Norma clutches the blanket tight , listen to he footstep descend the stair and fade into the house until she can not . hear he at all . alone , she fidget nervously , look back up at the céile . the paint word be invisible in the lamplight . she scoot into the very center of the bed , gather the cover around she , and call : . norma , Gary ? she listen hard , she entire body strain toward the open door , but there be no answer . norma ( louder ) Gary ! a dull thud be barely audible , deep within the house . her breath catch in she throat and she scramble off the bed , hurry out the door . int . upstair hall - same Norma look up and down the hall , dark except for a little moonlight from the window . the house be quiet . on tiptoe , careful not to make a sound , she move along the wall to a close door . she slowly turn the doorknob , open the door a tiny crack , and peek into a bedroom . norma ( whisper ) Anton ? the twin bed against the far wall be empty . Norma continue silently toward the stairwell . int . entry way , downstair - same downstair , the ceiling creak as Norma move above . the entry way glow . with the soft moonlight filter in through frost window flanking the front door . at the bottom of the staircase , beside a small table , gary head and shoulder be visible on the floor . his eye be wide open and a tiny bit of black -re blood trickle from he mouth . the rest of he body be hide in shadow . just as Gary 's head slide across the floor , dragge into the shadow by a unseen force , Norma appear at the top of the staircase . she look down and see nothing . norma ( whisper ) Gary ? Gary ? she creep slowly down the stair , she hand fumble for the banister . at the bottom , she check the front door . the deadbolt be fastened tightly and the security alarm panel on the wall show that the alarm be still on . she look around the entry way . a slight scrabbling SOUND come from the shadow and she whirl , step toward the noise . norma Gary , what -- something shoot out of the darkness , directly at she . Norma scream , cover she face as the thing hit she ... it 's a cat , kick and claw at she . Norma breathes in relief , recognize it . wrapping she arm around it , she hold the cat tight and it calm . it 's a . normal black and white housecat . norma Bones ! it 's okay , kitty . she lean to set the cat on the floor . norma it 's okay . where 's ga -- she stop cold . a small puddle of blood on the floor glisten wetly in the moonlight . she drop the cat and race up the stair . int . bedroom - same Norma run into the bedroom , grab the phone off the table by the door . holding the receiver to she ear , she rush for the bed . her teacup topple and smashes on the floor as the phone cord stretch out behind she . finger shaking , breathe hard , she dial a 9 , then a 1 . wham ! the phone cord be yanked behind she . the phone fly out of she hand . she whip around to face the door and she face contort in pure terror . she scream . int . anton's bedroom - day bone , the cat , leap onto a rumple twin bed , jolting 17 - year - old anton awake . the clock read 3:17 pm . Anton stretch . in a patch of autumn sunlight , the cat begin clean herself , but she 's the only one . Anton merely grab a fade purple T-shirt from a pile of dirty clothes on he floor and head for the door in a baseball cap and boxer . int . live room -— same Anton light about 30 stick of incense and plop onto the couch . int . entry way - same Bones follow Anton downstairs , pause at the little puddle of blood on the floor , unnotice by Anton . Bones lick up the blood . int . live room - same Anton slide a long , plastic backscratcher from between two couch cushion . he give he nut a scratch or two and then use the backscratcher to drag the tv remote over from the far side of the coffee table . he flip on the tv and sneak a look around . not a soul in sight . 6 reaching under the couch with the backscratcher , he pull out a already - load Bart Simpson bong . Anton spark up , inhale the entire content through a tube in Bart 's butt . celeb on tv you , too , can be financially independent ! own the house of you dream , travel , live in luxury ... Anton exhales slowly , pay rapt attention to the infomercial until -- celeb on tv but this be no get-rich - quick scam . it require motivation , dedication , and good old - fashioned hard work -- click . cartoon , much better . as Bones curl up beside he and clean blood off she whisker , Anton 's stomach growls loudly . he glance around and see a Burger King bag near he foot . he hook the bag with he trusty backscratcher and pull out a decaye , half - eat whopper . he sniff the burger , tear some of the green bit off its perimeter , and take a bite . he chew once and immediately spit it back into the bag . sigh complainingly , and with exaggerated effort , Anton shove Bart back into hide , haul he butt off the couch and plod toward the kitchen . int . kitchen — same Anton pour a bowl of lucky charm and open the fridge . barren . he tilt the milk carton over he cereal . plop . one drop . anton Mom ! we be out of milk ! Mom do not answer . danzig , the german shepherd , whine and poke he empty food dish with he nose . anton you hungry , danzig ? what do she think , you can feed yourself ? ~ he give danzig a pat and open a cupboard . it 's bare . anton Mom ! we be out of dog food ! still no response . he pour the dog a bowl of lucky charm . int . live room - same Anton flop back onto the couch , munch dry cereal , and scan the area . again , no one 's around . he pull the bong out again and try to spark , but the bowl 's empty . he feel around under the couch with the backscratcher and drag out a plastic baggie . empty . he try again , fishing out another baggie . empty . one more try . he shove the backscratcher as far under the couch as he can reach and methodically pat around . suddenly , he pull he hand back , triumphantly clutching he booty , but this baggie 's empty too . anton fuck . he grab the cordless beside he and punch number . anton ( into phone ) Mick , what 's up ? I be dry . mick ( on phone ) so? anton so , how ' bout bring over a dimer ? mick ( on phone ) yeah , I will drop it down you chimney on my way to the North pole , you lazy fuck . come over here and get it . anton aw , c'mon . I be busy . mick ( on phone ) put you dick away and get over here . beep , beeeeep . the red battery light flash on the cordless . : anton Fine . he hang up and shove bong and baggy under the couch . he look around the room and groan -- he shoe be clear over by the tv . but Anton 's in luck -- he Mom 's fuzzy slipper lay strewn by the side of the couch , within easy reach of he backscratcher . Anton do not notice the drop of blood speckling the slipper . int . entry way - same Anton drop the still - beep cordless into its base on the entry table , pluck he sunglass off the same table and notice he mother 's purse lie there . anton ( yell ) Mom ! ( no answer ) Mom ! Spot I some cash ? still no answer . fuck it . he reach into he mom 's purse and purloin a ten-dollar bill , careful to leave everything how he find it . almost out the door , he look at the money and rethink it . reaching back into the purse , he grab another $ 10 . ext . STREET - same wearing he T-shirt , baseball cap , boxer short , and blood - fleck slipper , Anton step outside . the cold Oregon sun smack he in the face and he quickly put he sunglass on . he can see he breath faintly in the brisk October air . from the house on he leave , heavy metal music pound into the afternoon . sigh , Anton turn right and begin he tiresome journey . two house down the block , he cut across a yard and climb through a open window . int . mick bedroom - same Anton come through the window , shiver . mick , pnub , and jimmy , all high - school senior , be sit on Mick 's bed , smoking out and engage in philosophical debate : pnub yeah , and if you mom have tooth , she would not suck dick so well . what 's you point ? Jimmy finish he hit , pass the bong to Anton , and speak while exhaling . . jimmy my point be that , unlike you , pnub , I have take on a certain degree of responsibility . what 's up , Anton ? Nice boxer . - Anton look down , slightly embarrassed , at he pantslessness . pnub responsibility , my nutsack . you sit around you dad 's meat locker all day and flirt with that old lady who answer the phone . that bitch have less tooth than you mom . jimmy you know what this be ? ( jangling a ring of key in pnub 's face ) this be key , boy . key ! my dad 's place the ultimate trust in I . I be be prepped to take over the entire meat processing empire . the bong have travel full circle and Jimmy pause for another hit . jimmy ( hold the smoke in ) dust last week , when they install this new temperature - control machine -- you guy should see this monster , it can bring the whole storage area from 100 degree to the fuck ice age in , like , second ! anyway , whose ass do you think be in charge of oversee the entire process ? Jimmy stand up and point at he own ass . 10 mick we be all really happy for you ass , Jimmy . be a enterprise young man myself , I can relate . wearing a " d.a.r.e. to keep kid off drug " T-shirt , Mick pull out a baggie of pot and exchange it for one of Anton 's ten-dollar bill . Anton take he cap off and slide the baggie into a hide slot under the bill . they all nod . anton I know I be jealous . Jimmy can look forward to a future fill with tooth - less receptionist and raw meat , while Mick have a lovely career of license - plate make just around the corner . mick what about you future , hotrod ? anton I be not go to worry about that shit . ( take a hit off the bong ) it 's best to just let life happen . pnub at least until you parent kick you oily ass out . anton ( frown ) I have not see my parent in a couple of day . mick maybe they go on vacation . pnub Party at anto n's ! anton no , it 's really weird . my mom always do she shopping on Friday . yester - day be Friday , right ? anton so I wake up this morning and there 's no food , no sign of my parent , but my mom 's purse be just lie there on the table . 11 jimmy maybe they be dead . pnub smack Jimmy 's leg . jimmy I be just say . with that killer on the loose and all , you can not rule out murder . anton what killer ? mick do not you watch hard copy ? anton I hate that fuck show . mick it 's also be on the regular news . anton I hate that fuck show , too . pnub bolan 's national news , Anton . seem as if a bunch of hack - up citizen have be find in this general area over the past week . anton you guy be just fuck with I , right ? mick well , no , but do not worry . there 's be like three dead people . four , top . jimmy six. mick ( shrugging ) you parent probably just decide to slip away for a romantic weekend and you mom forget she purse . no big whoop . pnub at any rate , party at anton' ! 12 Mick lower the bong and peer out the window . mick : hey , here come you woman , Anton . Anton rush to the window and duck .. he slowly lift one eye just above the sill so he can see . without be see . molly , 17 and drop-dead , zoom past on a harley . pnub Molly 's live across the street from you for like , what , ever ? I think it 's about time you tell she about you disturbing obsession with she . jimmy while you be at it , you should tell she you name . mick back off , guy . Anton do not believe in take initiative . ( to Anton ) do not listen to they . you just let life happen . anton ( give Mick a dirty look ) I be gonna do it . I will talk to she right now . he start out the window . mick you want to borrow some pants , Chief ? first impression and all . anton you be a bud . Mick point at he closet . Anton grab a fresh pair of jeans and hastily yank they on . kick off the slipper , he salute he friend and crawl out the window . jimmy think he 's get a shot with she ? pnub snowball in hell . they all nod . Mick reload the bong . 13 ext . STREET - same by the time Anton make it out Mick 's door , Molly be already parking the hog in she driveway , at the end of the block . Anton cross to she side of the street and head toward she with resolve . ext . molly house ~ same Molly slide she leather - clad butt off the seat and disappear into she house . Anton lean against a tree and look expectantly at a upper window . sure enough , a light go on and Molly move into view in the upper window , a dark - haire goddess of rebellion . Anton gaze wistfully , longingly , up at she until she glance outside and see he . he avert he eye and quickly walk away . ext . eureka , california sheriff' office - day a huge winnebago park in front of the sheriff 's office . debi lecure step out of the motor home with a newspaper in she hand and a parrot on she shoulder . she 's about 28 , with long , paint nail and tease Jersey - girl hair . Debi toss the newspaper onto the driver 's seat and gently set the parrot on top of the newspaper . the headline under the bird read " suspect caught in eureka slaying . " debi ( to the parrot ) wait here , hot train . I have get to look respectable . hot train do not respond . Debi slip on a pair of intellectual - look glass and lock the parrot in the motor home . int . sheriff' office - same Debi approach the deputy behind the holly - deck main desk , carry herself stiffly . debi Excuse I . it 's of the utmost importance that I speak to sheriff Buchanan . 14 deputy sorry , mar 'am , but as you can imagine , the sheriff 's pretty busy . debi perhaps if you understand the gravity of the situation . . . the door to the back office open and a burly tree -trunk of a man , sheriff buchanan , enter the reception area . debi you must be sheriff Buchanan . I be Debi lecure . she extend a hand . the sheriff ignore it . sheriff buchanan I think I run all you creepy press people out of here . debi I be not with the press . Sir , it 's imperative that I speak with clement James right away . sheriff buchanan nobody talk to clement James ' cept he lawyer and the investigate officer . debi I , too , be a investigator of sort . sheriff buchanan be that a fact ? look , miss liqueur -- debi lecure . sheriff buchanan between you and I , there be not a whole lot of investigate to be do . we catch he in he bathroom , shave a cat and wear nothing but he granny 's skivvy . no law against that yet , but the half - dozen dead body loung around he house give I a wee hunch he 's guilty . debi I do not doubt he guilt . my interest lie solely with he motive . have he attribute he action to any sort of supernatural intervention ? sheriff buchanan what information clement James have reveal to the investigate officer be strictly confidential . ( he pause ; then ) but see as you be kinda cute and not with the press , I do not mind tell you , off the record , that he be not say shit . his mind be so far go , I doubt if he will ever utter another word . Debi slump , visibly disappointed . debi I see . int . winnebago - a moment later . Debi scooches the parrot to one side and climb into the driver 's seat , drop both the glass and the intellectual act . debi well , bird of mine , look like another dead end . hot train do not answer . Debi start she engine , croon to the parrot . debi pretty bird . hello , pretty bird . talk , you fuck . ext . STREET - dusk carry a brown paper sack and a bag of dog kibble , Anton frown . he stop walk and look suspiciously into the gather mist around he . he take a few step and look again . no one . le , as Anton continue walk , a unidentifiable figure stalk he , stay almost entirely under the mist 's cover . there 's something shimmery , silvery about he , but then again , it may just be the mist . the figure pull back into the shadow as Anton glance over he shoulder , listen hard . suddenly , Anton whip he head around to face he stalker , put find only the shifting mist . the silvery figure have vanished . shiver , Anton step into the street . without warning , he 's thrown to the ground . his grocery spill into the street . a billy club be press hard against the back of he neck , shove he face into the asphalt . voice ( 0.s. ) frisk he . I will check he bag . he 's thoroughly pat down . his baseball cap be remove and Anton hold he breath . voice ( 0.s. ) Roll over . Anton roll onto he back to see two uniformed police officer in they early twenty , sport the nametag ruck and mcmacy . ruck ( kick Anton 's grocery bag ) nothing here . you ? Anton 's hat be in mcmacy 's hand , be inspect . Anton try not to look nervous . mcmacy he 's clean . mcmacy lean over and jerk the baseball cap down on Anton 's head , the secret hide place undiscovered . ruck damn . relieved , Anton scramble of the street and scoops he grocery back into the bag . anton since when be it against the law to grocery - shop ? ( look up xat they , double - take ) hey , I know you two . be not you senior when I be a freshman ? ruck ( sinister ) that 's right . let 's talk about high school , Anton . mccmacy ( haul Anton to he foot ) you and you fancy little clique zipping around on you skateboard . think you be too cool for we , huh ? do any of you ever , even once , invite we to get high behind the gym ? ruck ( yanking Anton he way ) or to hang at the half - pipe ? or go to a punk show ? anton you be dork ! mcmacy ( turn Anton toward he ) but now we be cop , Anton . you safety and security , you future and you very life be in we hand every single day . ruck think about that when you try to sleep tonight . anton ( shaking he head , amused ) . ooh . there 's sure nothing scarier than a spiteful nerd with a power woody . ruck ( marrow he eye ) empty you pocket , boy ! anton Nice try , but they be not even my pants . Anton pull . out a crumpled dollar and some change , but something else come out too , fall to . the ground ...a baggie . mcmacy pocket Anton 's money and snatch the baggie up . he open it and inhale deeply . mcmacy smell like marijuana to I . write it up , ruck . : anton it 's empty ! ruck scribbles on a ticket pad . anton what ? I know my rights . you can not cite I for possession of baggie ! ruck and mcmacy laugh . ruck jaywalk . maximum fine , $ 200 . ruck tuck the ticket into Anton 's grocery bag . int . live room - night Anton tear the jaywalk ticket into strip and lay they out on the coffee table . removing he stash from he hat , he roll each ticket - strip into a fat joint . he sit back , light up , and hear a noise : a floorboard creak upstairs . Anton pause , listen . another creak , right above he . he mute the tv . lying at he foot , danzig be panting loudly . Anton reach down and close the dog's mouth . he listen again , but this time , the house be silent . he shake he head , dismiss it , and return to channel - surfing . int . kitchen - later as a everclear video come to a loud , crash end , Anton pour dog kibble into both danzig 's and Bones ' bowl . the pet eat . 19 the familiar note of the MTV news theme song swell up in the live room . watch tv through the open kitchen door , Anton dump he grocery on the counter -- bologna , white bread , mayo -- and start make a sandwich . tabitha soren ( os ) this be tabitha soren with MTV World News . without take he eye off the tv , he open the silverware drawer and fish around , pull out a huge , evilly sharp knife -- the blade be cover with dried blood . Anton twist the top of the mayonnaise . tabitha soren ( os ) there will be no trick - or-treate for one town this year . bolan , Oregon , a small suburb of Portland , have be terrorize by seemingly random slaying for the past week . without look down , he swirl the knife in the mayo and bit of dry blood come off . oblivious , Anton spread it on he bread , slap on some process meat , and raise the sandwich to he mouth . tabitha soren ( os ) six body have be discover to date and the killer be still at large . with Halloween only one day away , bolan police be advise extra caution ... Anton take a bite , chew , and look down -- the bloody knife stick out of the rust - fleck mayo . anton gag . in pure terror , he drop he sandwich and flatten himself against the wall . anton he 's here ! he 's in my house ! he scan the room , wild - eye , but the only sound be the tv and the dog 's eat . anton ( half - whimper ) danzig ! c'mere , boy . 20 the german shepherd trot over from he food dish . anton ( whisper to the dog ) if you see , hear , or smell a psycho killer , you bark . loud . Anton point he at the live room and give hima shove . int . live room '- same danzig slide . across the hardwood floor on he butt , come to a stop at the coffee table . Anton peer out from the kitchen . danzig look back at he quizzically and Anton slip into the room , latching tightly onto the dog . : anton okay , danzig . we be gonna make it . he creep toward the entry way in a panic , point danzig in the direction of every little noise . int . entry way - same with a firm grip on danzig 's collar , Anton 's nearly to the front door . tabitha soren ( os ) so , bolan resident , lock you door and stay inside tonight . anton fuck that ! he reach for the doorknob . danzig bark furiously at the door . anton ( deadbolt the door ) oh , shit ! he 's out there ! he race up the stair with danzig follow . int . anton's bedroom - same Anton slam he door shut , gasp for breath , and climb onto he bed , hugging the dog . the house be full of creak and groans , amplify by Anton 's fright . 21 anton ( to the dog ) okay , the plan . the killer 's on the porch , but the door 's lock . he will get bored and go kill someone else . psycho killer only come out at night , so if we make it to morning , we will be safe . piece of cake -- we just sleep it off . as he reach to turn off the light , he closet door creak OPEN a inch . danzig bark . Anton bolt from the room . int . parent bedroom - same Anton tear into the parent ' bedroom from scene 1 , light by the same bedside lamp . the phone be back in its place , but the long cord be slick with blood . Anton do not notice . he leap onto he parent ' bed , pull the cover up to he neck , and cower . he take a deep breath and tell himself : anton the sooner you go to sleep , the sooner it will be morning . he snap off the lamp and lie back . look up at the ceiling , he freeze , see the glow - in- the -dark paint : i'm under the bed Anton be paralyze with fear . his mouth be open , but silent . a beat , then Anton hurl himself off the bed and out the door terror-stricken . int . entry way - same scream , Anton fly down the stair , look back over he shoulder in complete hysteria . on he way to the door , he grab the cordless off the table , but the floor - length tablecloth trip he . Anton go sprawling and the table crash to the floor , expose , to Anton 's horror -- the mutilated body of he parent . his mother 's face be freeze in a plead expression , she close fist hold upward by a stiff arm . 22 Anton gasp . he glance up the staircase with dread , but the killer have yet to show himself . unlock the front door , Anton scoops up Bones , push danzig outside , and run . ext . STREET . - same . Anton race down the block , cat in one hand and cordless phone in the other , danzig at he heel . he hurdle a short hedge , landing in Molly 's yard . ext . molly yard - same Molly 's house be dark . Anton drop to he knee behind the hedge , try to catch he breath . Bones and danzig eye he . Anton look through the thick leave at he house . it 's quiet and still , dark except for the entry way light and the flicker of the tv in the live room . he yank the cordless phone 's antenna to its full length and dial 911 . anton ( into phone ) hello , police ? the killer 's loose in my house ! 3604 Clinton Street . please hurry , I do not want to die ! hanging up , he lean back against the hedge , panting . in molly upstair window unnotice by Anton , Molly peek through the shutter and watch he curiously . int . bolan police dispatch office — same a very tired - look dispatcher press the button on she police radio . dispatcher one Allen ten , we have yet another suppose killer sighting . can you take a look ? over . nn wh cop voice ( over radio ) - this be one Allen ten . we still have three more sighting to investigate first , but we be work as fast as we can . we will check it out as soon as possible , over . dispatcher one of this call have to pay off , over . ext . molly yard - same while Molly watch from she window , Anton pull out a ticket - roll doobie . but just as he 's about to light up , danzig lay he head on Anton 's leg . Anton look down to pet the dog -- and suddenly spit he joint across the yard ... his purple T-shirt be speckle with small blotches of paint , glowing in the darkness . he hold up the bottom of the shirt : a small section of fabric be miss , torn off . anton okay . stay calm . he whirl to look through the hedge again . his house be still silent , motionless . no killer in sight . he stand up , muster he courage , and creep stealthily toward he house . ext . porch ~ same Anton climb the stair slowly , alert , but completely exposed . the front door be still wide open . MTV hum in the live room . the overturn table be visible , but the body be out of sight behind it . Anton move cautiously through the door . behind he , danzig whine . int . entry way - same stand over he parent ' body , Anton shield he eye from the horrible spectacle . 24 he reach for he mother 's close fist and . pry her hand OPEN to reveal a piece . of purple cloth . he uncrumple it and hold it to he shirt -- a perfect puzzle - piece match . quick flash : -- his mother in the bedroom , plead , cry , -- the huge knife in he own hand , slice through the air , -- his mother tear at he shirt as she sink to the floor . Anton stagger back from the body in disbelief . anton ( horrify ) the killer be wear my shirt ! int . live room - same Anton stumble to the couch on automatic . video flash across the tv screen . Anton grab the remote and switch channel until he find the news : tv reporter + + + so bolan city official have decide that the local elementary , junior high , and high school will hold Halloween party in lieu of trick - or-treate . kid will be able to have plenty of safe , secure fun tomorrow night . back to you , Bruce . zombie-like , eye glue to the tv , Anton pull he stash from beneath the couch and load a bowl . he take a huge hit . nearby , the cat yowls . Anton wince at the sound . anton ( without look ) shut up , Bones , I want to hear this . anchorman several body be find in a park not too far from that high school -- mailman Matthew wright , who be abduct somewhere on he route Tuesday , and jehovah 's Witness ingrid renan , who ring she last doorbell sometime on Wednesday . 25 the cat' yowling continue , over and over . anton Bones ! shut -- . he turn he head toward the cat and the last word die on he tongue .. .« next to he on the couch , Bones yowls again , with anton's own hand wrapped around the cat' throat , squeezing . anton ( let go ) Jesus Christ ! stun , he stare at he hand in disbelief . anchorwoman we now take you live to bolan , where Jenny takumatsu have a very personal story about one of the murder victim . Jenny ? Anton make a fist . he open it . his hand seem to be respond just fine . he pinch he palm with he other hand and yelp in pain . jenny I be stand outside the local Burger King , where honor student Kenneth lippy make a little extra money man the drive - through ... horrify , Anton look at the Burger King bag at he foot , and then at he hand . he grab up the bag , crumple it , and shove it under the couch as ... the doorbell ring . anton the cop ! he hide he pot . int . entry way - same anton ( head for the door , mutter ) take ‘em long enough . his parent ' corpse stop he short . 26 anton oh , fuck ! he quickly try to set the table back up with the body hide beneath it , but it just will not work -- as soon as he get all the arm tuck in ' under the tablecloth , a leg sproing out . he. fold the leg in , only to push he dad 's head out the other side . : the doorbell ring : again . anton I be come ! i he give the body a final , determine shove and the : whole table tip over .. Anton groan . the doorbell chime insistently , over and over . anton jeez , chill ! I be come ! Anton shove he parent into the coat closet , stand the table up , and open the front door . Mick , pnub , and Jimmy surge into the room with beer and bud . mick , pnub , jimmy Party at anto n's ! pnub and Jimmy beeline for the tv in the live room and Anton go weak with relief . sweat slick across he forehead . mick hey , you okay ? you get a fever ? Mick hold a frosty 12 - oz to Anton 's forehead . anton you be not go to believe this . mick what 's up ? take the beer from Mick , Anton look carefully into the live room . int . live room - same pnub and Jimmy be kick back on the couch , smoking out . Jimmy change the channel and pnub choke on he smoke , aggravate . 27 pnub what the fuck , yo ? jimmy what ? . pnub grab the remote and smack Jimmy with it before set the channel back to miv . " freefal " fill the air . pnub Tom petty rockumentary , dickhead . do not change it again . JI want to see that video where he tool around the desert in he space buggy . int . entry way - same satisfied that pnub and Jimmy be occupy , Anton twist the bottlecap off he beer and pull Mick over to the stair . anton swear to take this to you grave ? mick just tell I . anton swear . mick okay , okay . I swear . anton I have be -- pnub ( os ) ( yell ) Anton ! you get any grub ? jimmy ( os ) ( yell ) we be starve ! anton ( to Mick ) stay here . int . live room - same pnub and Jimmy be amble toward the kitchen . Anton race past they . 28 int . kitchen - same Anton grab the open mayo jar off the counter -- with the bloody knife still stick out the top -- and shove the whole lot into the dishwasher . he slam the dishwasher . shut as Jimmy and pnub enter . anton here you go . Anton gesture to the bread and bologna still open on the counter . jimmy wow . pnub you be a great host , Anton . anton we be out of mayo . int . entry way - same Mick be take he jacket off as Anton enter . Anton throw a panicked glance at the coat closet door , but Mick toss he jacket over the banister . mick well ? Anton guzzle he beer , take a deep breath , and : anton I think I might be a psychotic serial killer . mick Anton , I have know you since third grade . you be not psychotic . anton what if I kill all that people on the news ? mick remember that time I and pnub pull the leg off that grasshopper ? you wuss out . anton regardless . 29 mick ( shaking he head ) I do not buy it . look at you , you be normal . . anton ( frustrated ) I be tell you ! I even kill my own parent . how dement be that ? mick calm down . it 's probably just bad pot . / a beat as Anton consider this . he look at Mick hopefully . anton you think ? mick well , not if you get it from I . I only sell primo shit . Anton look disappointed . mick I will bet it 's just some particularly gruesome acid flashback . hey ! you know how sometimes when you take acid , you get so into the trip you forget you take it ? anton yeah ... mick you be gonna be okay , buddy . acid never last longer than 12 or 14 hour . I will ride it out with you , talk you down . anton thanks , Mick . you could be right . God , I hope you be right . ( beat ) Mick ? you do not take any acid today , do you ? mick not that I recall . anton then tell I if you see what I see . 30 Anton open the closet door . his Parents spill out at Mick 's foot . Mick take a step back . mick fuck I ! Anton , you be one sick puppy - anton ( anguish ) it 's true ! the killer be not just wear my shirt , the killer be wear I ! I mean , I be the killer ! Anton wave the beer bottle for emphasis as the doorbell ring . he turn toward the front door . red and white light flash outside . anton . Mick ! help I get the body back -- turn back , Anton see Mick slump to the floor . Anton 's Beer bottle , broken , be planted deep in Mick 's forehead . Anton look down at he empty hand in disbelief . the doorbell ring again and Anton waste no time push the body -- Mick 's include -- into the coat closet . pnub ( os ) Anton , you want I to get that ? Anton close the closet door and rub out a spot of blood with he shoe . anton * I get it . it 's the fuzz . int . live room - same pnub and Jimmy , destroy the evidence , immediately start eat they pot and lighting incense , frantically try to wave away the smoke hang in the air . int . entry way - same Anton open the door to ruck and mcmacy . ruck looky who we get here , mcmacy . it 's Mr. baggie . 31 mcmacy you call , Anton ? anton ( feign innocence ) I do ? ruck ( check he pad ) 3604 Clinton Street . that 's you . mcmacy so where 's this killer you report ? anton sorry , no killer here . must have be a prank . Anton try to close the door , but ruck block it , lean against the doorframe like he 's get all night . Anton point . ruck a prank ? you know what the sentence be for play game with the law , Anton ? anton no , see , I do not prank you . it must have be , uh , Mick . yeah , you guy remember Mick -- he use to skate past the physics Club and spit on you . he life two house down . mcmacy pull out he handcuffs . mcmacy let 's take he downtown . ruck I have a better idea . let 's watch he . closely . mcmacy ( nodd ) every breath he take . ruck every move he make . ( point a completely serious finger at Anton ) we will be watch you . 32 the cop turn to saunter down the porch step . Anton slam the door . he finger Mick 's jacket forlornly before head into the live room . int . live room - same pnub and Jimmy already have they pot back out , load they bowl to the last few note of '' you get lucky , Babe . " on the . tv , Tom petty drive away in he space buggy and the video end . Anton step . up behind the couch , visibly shake . pnub . Anton , dude , that be hairy . I could not even enjoy the video . jimmy you really should not prank the cop , Anton . they have enough to do , what with stamp out evil and all . where 's Mick ? anton he go home with a headache . you guy should head out too . jimmy what ? we be crash here tonight . it 's cool , the cop be go . pnub Anton , no one else 's parent be out of town . do not be selfish . ( motion . at the tv ) besides , they be about to show that Tom petty duet -- you know , with that hippie girlie ? we can not go now . anton seriously , guy , it 's for you own good . I do not think I have a whole lot of control over -- pnub ( cut he off ) shhhhi ! it 's on . pnub 's eye be fix on the tv and he do not even look for the cause of the loud , sudden slicing SOUND next to he , or the subsequent gurgle . 33 jimmy head roll into he own lap , unrestrained by he neck . it bounce just a little , and continue to the floor , landing with a dull thud on pnub 's scuff Chuck Taylors . anton ( aghast ) shit !!! pnub , pnub ! pnub tear himself from the tv and turn just in time to see Jimmy 's body follow he head to the floor . innard spill out through a gaping wound in Jimmy 's chest . pnub Fucking Christ ! Anton come around the couch , look with absolute terror at the huge knife in he hand . blood ( and a little mayo ) drip from the knife 's wick tip . anton ( freaking ) how do this keep happen ??? pnub scramble backward into a corner , shaking , as Anton advance on he , unable to stop . pnub be you out of you mind ?! snap out of it ! it 's I , pnub , you buddy ! Anton fight with himself , hold the knife out at pnub with he right hand and try to restrain it with he leave . anton I know who you be , pnub , you dumb fuck ! I be not do this on purpose ! Anton struggle to hold himself back , but she " 's draw irresistibly toward pnub . anton get out of here ! I do not know how long I can hold off ! Anton step over Jimmy 's body . a bloody artery catch on he shoe and stretch as Anton move toward pnub , slowly pull Jimmy 's heart from he chest . jimmy heart slip across the floor behind Anton as . . . tom petty , stevie nick ( sing , on tv ) stop draggin ' my , stop draggin ' my , stop draggin ' my heart around ... it 's too much for pnub . he scream . Anton loom above pnub , knife glint . pnub cover he head with he arm .. Anton reach down . . . and grab pnub 's hand , haul he to he foot . pnub shriek . Anton shove pnub toward the front door . give Jimmy 's corpse a wide berth , pnub stub he toe on the tv . anton run , damn it ! the knife raise Anton 's hand into the air . Anton grapples with it , use all he might to keep the knife still . anton run ! pnub limp hurriedly for the door as voice from nowhere ( sinister whisper ) kill he . Anton look wildly around the room for the source of the voice . voice from nowhere ( louder ) kill he ! Anton 's own scream add to pnub 's as he right arm be pull back like a catapult by a unseen force . just as pnub reach the door , the unseen force let go of Anton 's arm and the knife zing through the AIR ... slamm into the back of pnub 's skull with a sickening smack . pnub crumple . still scream , Anton cover he eye and run blindly out the door . ext . STREET - same Anton hightail it across lawn and driveway in utter hysteria , trip over the hedge and sprawl into Molly 's yard . pant , he leap to he foot and race down the block . 35 ext . park - same Anton half -run , half - stumble into the park , gasp for breath and check behind he . ' several section of the park 's thick hedge be roped off with yellow police crime scene tape . he rush for a set of monkey bar , but the entire structure collapse just as he 's about to duck under it . Anton veer to the right , floundering into the sandbox , and the bloody knife thrust up out of the sand in front of he . he whirl again , disorient , as a disembodied laugh fill the park , a evil , bone - chill rumble rise from nowhere and everywhere . Anton bone out , head back towards home . ext . STREET — same Anton hurry down the dark street , spook by every sound and try hard to keep a look - out in every direction . suddenly , the knife shove through the sidewalk between he leg , point the tip straight up at he ball . Anton yelp , startle out of he wit , and dive behind a bush in someone 's front yard . a light goe on in the house . it 's Molly 's house . it 's Molly 's bedroom light . she open she window and look down at the rustling bush . molly who 's out there ? Anton roll out of the bush , onto the grass . molly ( smirk a little ) oh , it 's you . anton ( brushes himself off ) hi. sorry about you bush . the knife appear in Anton 's hand . he quickly hide it behind he back and fling it to the ground . molly not a problem . be you plan to do this all night ? 36 the knife put itself firmly in Anton 's - hand again . anton do what ? behind he back , he try to drop the knife , but it seem to be attach . he shake he hand . the knife remain . molly sneak around my.yard . how many time have you be here tonight ? anton ( distract ) uh , twice ? he shake the knife violently behind he back , but it refuse to leave he hand . molly wait there . she disappear from she window . of it 's own accord , Anton 's hand bring the knife in front of he body . his other hand join the first on the knife handle and the evil blade point straight at Molly 's door . Anton immediately turn away . holding the knife over the bush , Anton give he hand a sharp , fierce bite . he yelp and drop the knife . it fall into the bush just as Molly open the front door . molly get in here before someone see you . Anton head inside and Molly close the door . int . molly bedroom - same Anton and Molly enter she room quietly . she look he up and down . molly Jesus , look at you . Anton look at himself . his shirt and Mick 's pants be cover with blood , dirt , and bush . anton I get into a fight at the park . 37 molly . you sure get you ass 's kick . anton I do okay . molly so you run and hide in my bush ? Anton 's eye focus on a letter opener on Molly 's desk and get a quick flash of the letter opener viciously slashing Molly 's throat open . Anton shake the image from he head but potential weapon seem to leap out at he : a stapler , a extension cord , a hairdryer , a hello Kitty pen and pencil set . Anton shudder . anton I really should not be here . molly it 's okay . my parent sleep like the dead . besides , you should not be on the street at night . do not you know there 's a killer out there ? Anton 's hand abruptly grab Molly and pull she close , bring they face just a inch apart . Anton plant a passionate kiss on she . molly ( come up for air ) I be impressed . the way you have be creep around and spying on I , I never would have think you would have the ball to just kiss I like that . anton ( surprised at himself ) I neither . she grin and push he onto the bed . he pull off she shirt . she close she eye as he run he hand up she stomach , over she breast . . . and onto her throat . his hand linger , circle she neck , itching to squeeze , until he force they to glide over she face and through she hair . gratuitous sex scene 38 ext . rest stop - night Debi 's winnebago be park off to the side by itself , as far as possible from the crowd at the restroom . int . winnebago - same hot train watch the Northern California weather report on a tiny battery - power tv . across the motor home 's one room , Debi untack newspaper article from she - wall . the 20 - plus article cluster . together all have headline about multiple murder in Eureka and suspect serial killer clement James . Debi call over she shoulder : debi hello , pretty bird , hello . hot train ignore she . Debi slip the article into a file folder head c. jame and turn . every wall be plaster with current newspaper article . group together by locale , they detail evil of every sort . news anchor ( on tv ) accord to official , the bolan , Oregon , slaying be the most gruesome since Jeffrey dahmer . tack above the tv be a collection of article relate to the bolan murder . Debi sit next to hot train and turn the volume up . news anchor Police have yet to pinpoint even a single suspect ... Debi haul a huge road atla onto she lap and flip it open to Oregon . debi straight up I -5 , hot train . we will be there by mid-morn . Cross you scaly little bird - toe that we catch he and end this thing . hot train keep he eye on the tv . 39 debi pretty bird . hello , hello , hello ! ( poke at he ) you know , that pet shop boy in . omaha promise you would be talk by Texas . if I would want solitude , I would have buy a cat . ( beat ) I could still get a cat , you know . how would you like that ? nada from ' the bird . debi talk , damn it ! pretty bird , pretty bird ! look , bird , it 's you job , plain and simple . do you see I shirking my duty ? do anyone ask Debi if she would like a normal life ? Friends ? a relationship ? a toilet I do not have to drain every 600 mile ? she take a breath . debi no ! nobody ask and all I have until this ordeal 's over be this crappy winnebago and you . the least you could do be say hello . hot train tilt he head toward she , maddeningly silent . debi Fine . she stomp away , snap all the curtain shut . after make sure every door be securely lock , Debi crawl under the kitchen table with the c. jame file folder . a small , thick safe be snugly wedge beneath the table . Debi deftly position each of the safe 's three combination lock and pull the heavy door open . hundred of file , each head with a different name and pack with newsprint , be stack inside . as Debi add the new file , she hand brushes against the only other item in the safe : a tightly - roll scroll of ancient parchment glow brightly in the dark safe . 40 int . molly bedroom - early morning Anton wake with a start and look at Molly . she 's lie on the bed , very still . panicky , he grab a hand mirror from she night stand and hold it to she open mouth . it fog up . he breathes a sigh of relief . put he clothes on , Anton go to the window and stare out at the cold morning , melancholy , until -- a hand touch he shoulder . Anton whip around in a panic , but it 's just Molly , wrap in a blanket . she laugh lightly . molly at ease , soldier . what be you do over here ? anton think about the snow plow . it 's almost winter . molly Hand I that teddy ? Anton give she the stuff bear on the windowsill . she pull a baggie of the kind from a hole in the bear 's belly and Anton smile . Molly smile back and roll a nice , tight joint . they pass it back and forth . molly what about the snow plow ? anton the first really big snow I can remember , I be four . I be so jazze , I spend all day make this amazing snow fort , with two tunnel entrance and enough room inside to stand up straight . it be the biggest , baddest thing I would ever do . ( pause , remember ) then my mom call I in . I be at the window , stare at it , so proud , when I hear this huge rumble . I watch , helpless , as a snow plow flatten it . he meet Molly 's eye and shrug . anton now I just figure what 's the point ? 41 molly why would you build you fort in the street ? Anton look stunne . finally , in - wonderment : anton I do not know . they hear a door creak OPEN somewhere in the house . Molly look at the clock -- 6:45 be . molly better be on you way , babysnake . my parent might take offense to some dirty , bloody boy bang they daughter . Anton look at he clothes . they have not get any cleaner . anton yeah . I have get some thing to take care of . they can hear she parent now , up and about in the house . anton I guess I should go out you window , huh ? that always work in the movie . molly hey , whatever load you bowl . why do not you come by around seven ? we will go to the dance . anton I think you say the street be not safe at night . she pull he close for a final kiss . molly I will protect you . anton you be pretty cool . he swing he leg over the windowsill . molly hey ! what 's you name ? anton Anton . my name 's Anton . 42 molly be not you in my biology : class ? anton ( grin & push off ) yep. ext . molly yard - same Anton land , roll across the grass under a heavily overcast sky . he head for home . int . live room - same Anton enter to find the scene unchange . the cat be lick delicately at Jimmy 's open chest wound . anton Bones ! get away from there ! Bones ignore he . Anton yank the cat away from the corpse and hold she tight , surveying the carnage with dismay . Bones lick Anton on the lip . anton ( pull the cat away ) sick ! int . porch - same Anton open the front door with Bones in he arm and set the cat on the welcome mat . he turn back to the. house . anton danzig ! danzig , c'mere boy ! the dog join they on the porch , sit beside Bones . anton guy , this be not easy for I , but you have to understand . you be not safe here . the pet stare up at he . anton I think you two will be fine on you own . Bones immediately scamper away . Anton look at danzig . 43 anton like I be say , danzig , this be a pretty affluent neighborhood , so you should not have too much trouble latching onto someone good . danzig continue to stare up at he . anton go on . Anton turn the dog around and give he a gentle shove . danzig go as far as the sidewalk and look back at Anton with plead puppy -eye . Anton take a big gulp of air . anton you do not do anything wrong , buddy . it 's for you own good . danzig finally trot off down the street . anton ( call after he ) try the anderson -- they have a shitzu in heat ! ext . back yard - a little later Anton shovel the final few load of hard , cold dirt onto a Mass grave , carefully pack the loose dirt down with the shovel , and step back . he turn abruptly and yank a flowerless rhododendron bush out of the ground by the house , re-planting it atop the grave . he squeeze he eye shut for a moment of reflection , but can not bring himself to say anything over the grave . turn away , he see danzig peek around the corner of the house at he . Anton sigh sadly , the breath catch in he throat . with all he might : anton ( yell at the dog ) go! 44 danzig jump and look confuse , but do not leave . anton get away ! now ! Anton run menacingly at he , shaking he fist , and danzig : take the hint . miserable , Anton watch he dog run . . a low moan swell ‘up behind he . Anton turn . the backyard be empty . another moan ... Anton creep slowly toward the sound . male voice ( 0s ) ( muffle ) Anton ! Anton stop short . the voice seem to be come from he fresh grave . a moment 's hesitation , and then he go slowly to the grave 's edge . male voice ( os ) ( muffle ) Anton , help I ! Anton gasp . then he shake he head . anton ( to himself ) it 's a trick . male voice ( 0s ) bro , come on , I can not breathe down here . anton Mick ? Anton cautiously lean onto the grave and put he ear to the ground ... .- anton Mick ? mick ( os ) yeah , man . get I outta here ! the voice be undeniably come from under the ground . Anton jerk he head away and shoot back . anton ( spook ) you be dead . 45 mick ( os ) no , I be not . you conk I on the head pretty good . I must have be unconscious . Anton waver uncertainly , but keep he distance . anton you think ? mick I know , fucker . dig I up ! anton you be not a flesh -eate zombie , come back to extract revenge ? mick dammit , Anton ! anton I be pretty sure you be go to kill I . mick if I do not get a bong hit soon , I will consider it . the dirt on top of the grave begin to shake . anton stop it ! you stay where you be , Mick ! you hear I ? the ground start to rise , crack open slightly . Anton glance around wildly . anton danzig ! danzig , come back , boy ! but the dog be long go . Anton be breathe hard , scared shitless . anton Mick ! if you be ever my bud , you will not do this . a chill moan rumble from the ground as the crack widen . Anton look around in a panic for something , anything -~ the shovel ! it 's on the other side of the open grave . Anton crawl toward it on he hand and knee . 46 take he eye off the grave for a split-second , he lunge for the shovel . just as he finger be about to close around the handle , the shovel be whisked away . Anton spin around . mick dirty , decomposing body be half out of the grave , break beer bottle still embed in he forehead . Anton fall backward . Mick loom above he , brandish the shovel . Anton can barely whisper : anton please do not kill I . Mick raise the shovel . Anton 's eye widen in terror and -- mick do not be stupid . why would I want to kill you ? Mick use the shovel to dig he body the rest of the way out of the dirt . glimpsis of Jimmy and pnub 's body be visible in the grave . anton ( relax a little ) okay , good . wow , I be really glad you be alive , Mick . Anton sling a arm affectionately over he buddy 's shoulder -- and abruptly double - take on the dry blood cake around the bottle embed in Mick 's forehead . Mick be a unearthly shade of pale to boot . mick ( off Anton 's frown ) what ? anton just a sec . Anton grab the beer bottle and yank , tear the break glass from Mick 's skull . a large chunk of mick flesh come away with it , expose bone , but not a single drop of blood . Mick do not flinch . anton ( back away ) you be not just unconscious . you be dead ! mick well , undead . anton you lie to I ! mick hey , you kill I ! try to keep this in perspective . now chill and listen to I . I be suppose to give you a message from Satan . anton right . look , there 's only so much a guy can accept in one day , alright ? mick he say you body count 's too low and you be slack off . he want you to slaughter a few hundred people tonight . anton sure , Mick , like I be gonna believe that . yeah , uh-huh , " the devil make I do it . " what , be I possess ? Anton laugh derisively . then , suddenly -- anton ( realize ) actually , you know what ? that make sense ! ( freaking ) Jesus Christ !!! Satan ??? mick heavy , huh ? anton be you sure ? I mean , the actual devjl ? _ mick yeah . so I be suppose to scare the shit out of you now . anton ( to himself ) this be crazy . crazy ! you gotta get a grip here , anton. ( to Mick ) do Satan happen to mention how I could get he to leave I alone ? 48 mick . no. now listen , I be supp -- anton ( deep in think ) I need a exorcist . a priest . loud music start pound from the neighbor 's place , snagging Anton 's attention . the music be distinctly ' 80s metal . it 's distinctly Iron maiden . anton that 's it ! he head for the fence separate he yard from the neighbor ' . mick ( frustrated ) Anton ! but Anton hop the fence and disappear . Mick take a couple step toward the fence , but stop . mick oh , fuck it . Mick turn back to the grave and gingerly nudge pnub 's body with he toe . ext . metal house backyard - same Anton frantically pound on the back door . anton ( yanking the door open ) Devon ? Joe ? int . metal house - same Anton rush in . the music be louder here -- maiden 's " 666 . " anton ( yell ) curtis ? anyone home ? the live room wall be plaster floor to ceiling with metal band poster : Black sabbath , Iron maiden , Blue oyster cult , ronnie James dio , motley crue . a huge cloth Union Jack cover the picture window , obscure the daylight . 49 two dirthead in they late 20 , curtis and joe , be pass out on the couch . ~ anton guy ! wake up ! he try desperately to shake Joe into consciousness . joe fuck off . Joe turn over . Anton shake curtis . anton come on , wake up ! I really need you help . curtis do not budge . Anton race for the stair . anton ( yell ) Devon ! where ya at ? the music be even louder by the front door , come from the front yard . Anton open the door . ext . metal house front yard - same Anton trip over the source of the heavy metal : a boombox , next to a blue chevy nova in the driveway . he go sprawling , come face - to- face with a pair of legs poke out from under the mother of all truck . Anton tug on the pantleg in a frenzy . anton dev ! I need you help . devon roll out from under the truck , lie on he back on a creeper -- one of that board with wheel . about 28 , with scraggly hair down to he shoulder , a thin mustache , and a black mesh half - shirt , Devon be pure rocker . devon ' sup , Anton ? check out the Ford , man . New shock and spring . anton listen , you have get to help I . devon chill , it 's okay . I will buy you beer . 50 anton ( shaking he head frantically ) I be be possess . tell I everything you know about the Devil . devon why would I know anything about the Devil ? Anton point to the boombox . boombox six , six , six , the number of the beast ... anton you listen to this shit all the time . you must have pick up some info on the guy . devon be you out of you fuck mind ? it 's just music . like mozart and that other fag -- anton Beethoven ? devon that 's the guy . it 's just like they music , only louder . Fucking people be always try to read into it , say metal control we mind with backward message and shit . I waste a whole year try to hear a back - ward message on that juda Priest album and all I get be a scratch - up fuck record . anton I be tell you , Satan be real and he 's lurking I . if you will not help I , can I at least borrow you truck ? devon you be out of you mind . you know no one touch the Ford . I will take you for a spin , though , test out my new shock . anton ( nodd ) you know where retirement Haven be ? 51 ext . bolan police department - day Debi 's motor home monopolize several space in front of bolan Police headquarters . beside it , ruck and mcmacy pull a handcuffed guy out of they squad car . guy hey , I will give you guy fifty buck if you let I go . the two cop look at each other . ruck each ? the guy nod . ruck and mcmacy make sure the coast be clear and uncuff he . int . police department - same sniffle and look bereft in head - to - toe black , Debi be seat at a desk in the bustling office . across the room , a junior officer point she out to captain tidwell . Captain tidwell stride over , offer he hand to Debi . captain tidwell I be Captain tidwell . I understand you be ingrid renan 's sister ? Debi dab at she eye with a kleenex and smile up at he through she tear . debi yes. Lisa renan . captain tidwell my condolence , miss renan . terrible , terrible . debi thank you for see I , sir . I have to know if there 's be any news at all . captain tidwell my force be do everything in we power . debi please understand , it 's just so hard to sit at home not know who or why . if you could just tell I you have a suspect , my family could rest easier . Captain tidwell sigh and usher Debi into a office . close the door . captain tidwell as the entire town be aware , the killer have not leave a single clue . I will be straight with you -- now that the kill seem to have stop , we have little to go on . debi stop ? captain tidwell not a single body have be find in the past several day . happens all the time . this nut quit as suddenly as they begin . the harsh truth be , it 's likely we will never discover he identity . debi ( drop she bereaved act ) fuck . int . mobile home - a moment later Debi sit at the kitchen table . debi miss he again , hot train . hot train eye she in silence . he push aside a newspaper article with victim ingrid renan 's name circle , she print " unknown bolan killer " on a fresh file folder . dejectedly , she begin take bolan-relate article down from the wall . ext CITY STREET - same Devon and Anton drive past a Burger King , where a pack of mourner gather around a shrine of candle obstruct the drive - through . a line of car try to use the drine - through honk as the manager plead with the mourner to clear the way . do not budge . they 53 ext . retirement haven - a moment later Anton hop out of Devon 's truck and Devon peel out . ext . retirement haven ~ a moment later Anton walk down a long hallway pepper with old people . as Anton pass he , a particularily ancient gentleman slip from he wheelchair and fall to the floor , dead . Anton immediately look at he own hand as a orderly rush over to check the guy for any sign of life . . anton ( seriously distress ) I do not even touch he , I swear ! the orderly give Anton a odd look and Anton hurry down the hall . . int . gram ' room - same gram be knitting in a overstuff easy chair as Anton appear in the open doorway . he knock on the door frame . gram Anton ! how nice of you to visit ! anton how 's it go , gram ? gram come in . sit , sit . Anton pull up a chair . gram look how you have grow ! you be get to be such a handsome young buck . how be you parent ? anton that 's kinda what I want to talk to you about . .. A. badly - wrinkle old man mosey in and sit on the arm of gram 's chair . he put he hand on she knee . gram Anton , I would like you to meet my boyfriend , Leon . 54 anton : I be hope we could speak in private . leon let I tell you something , sonny . if I have a horse , I would buy it oat and fuck it . anton be that right ? gram you can speak freely in front of Leon , dear . ' he 's a few sandwich short of a. picnic . anton : pickin 's be pretty slim here , huh , gram ? gram sigh and nod . anton gram , I really need you help . I know you believe in superstition and all that dark magic stuff . gram ran my own cult for 35 year . anton yeah , so I figure you would understand . see , I ...1 ... gram spit it out , dear . anton the Devil be use I as a instrument of death . leon Boy 's a killer , reba . gram hush , Leon . Anton , I be really not surprised . anton you be not ? gram : the way you parent raise you , let you sit around on you duff all day watch tv , it make perfect sense . do you learn one single constructive thing today in school ? anton it 's Sunday , gram . gram ( shaking she head ) it 's the old idle hand clause . Satan be take he due . anton what ? gram idle hand be the Devil 's play - ground , Anton . I do not blame you , of course . anton ( frown ) thanks . gram it 's you parent ' fault . you have always be a very lazy boy and they have do nothing to correct it . leon I have always say this young generation be lazy . you need to learn discipline and self - control . whoops , soile myself again . Leon hop out of the room . gram Hand I the phone , Anton . we will get you parent over here and put a end to this . anton ( very quietly , pain ) gram , I kill Mom and dad . gram oh , dear . 55 56 anton and my friend and -- oh , no ! gram , what if I . . . what if the Devil make I kill you , too ? Anton stagger backward with huge , scared eye . anton . I better go . gram it 's okay , Anton , I have a idea that just might save you . come here . Anton approach she reluctantly . int . live room - later the tv be on and Anton be kick back in he usual spot on the couch , happy as a clam . anton ( to the tv ) you tell ‘em , Mr. furley ! pan down to reveal Anton 's hand busily knitting . about 30 foot of green scarf stretch across the floor . anton ( laugh at the tv ) and to think , it 's all just a big misunderstanding . suddenly , the front door fly open . in walk the decompose body of Mick , pnub , and Jimmy , they death wound gape . Jimmy hold he head in one hand and he heart -- still attach to he innard by a vein ~- in the other . anton ( leaping to he foot ) stay back ! mick relax . we be not here to kill you . anton be you bring another message from Satan ? pnub no , we just need a place to kick it . the three corpse plop down on Anton 's couch . mick turn out we do not make the cut . Heaven or Hell . we be fully border - line . pnub so now we be in limbo until we avenge we death . anton ( back up against the tv ) I know it ! you guy be gonna smite I ! mick dammit , Anton , calm down . we like limbo . it 's cool , we get to just hang out . no school , no job , nothing 's expect of we . jimmy head Anton , you be block the tv . Jack 's about to accuse Janet of be a dyke . Jimmy hold he head out to the side to can see around Anton . anton you be lie . you guy come from hell . why else would you bring a message from Satan ? mick he know we be come back to Earth , so he stop I on the way and ask I to do he a favor . what be I gonna say ? no ? pnub yeah , why would we go to Hell ? we be not evil . I mean , it 's not like we be good or anything , but at least we do not go around kill people . anton hey , fuck you , I do not kill anyone on purpose . mick so you knit now ? 58 Anton look down at the knitting needle in he hand . they be idle . he immediately start knitting again . anton yeah , my grandmother break it down for I . idle hand be the Devil 's playground . I have to keep my hand busy . mick Anton , I do not think that say be mean literally . it 's more , you know ... pnub metaphorical . mick right . anton ( shaking he head ) my hand be the only thing i. have trouble control . the rest of I respond to my brain just fine . the knitting keep my hand . occupy while freeing my mind up for other stuff . Anton squeeze onto the couch with the guy and start watch tv , knitting away . Mick fish the bong out from under the couch and light up . ext . anton's house -- same a cop car pull up . ruck and mcmacy hop out and sneak around the side of the house . ruck let 's see what we boy 's up to . they peek in a window and gasp as they see Anton knitting next to three motionless , open-mouthed corpse . Jimmy 's head rest on he lap . ruck and mcmacy duck down . ruck Holy shit ! Anton 's the killer ! mcmacy ( stand ) we better call for back -up . 59 ruck ( pull mcmacy back down ) hold on a sec . if we bring he in ourselves , we will be heros . mcmacy yeah ! but can we do that ? I mean , we can not break in there without a warrant . ruck piss on the Bill of rights ! we have get just cause ! there be three dead kid in there , one of ‘em miss a head . nobody 's gonna fault we for bring that sicko to justice . mcmacy okay , let 's do it . ruck one more thing . that 's kid be obviously a grade - a psychc . do not feel compel to bring he in alive . mcmacy I never do . the cop draw they gun and creep toward the front door . int . anton's livingroom -- same the four kid sit glassy - eye on the couch , stare through a haze of pot smoke at the tv as . . . ruck and mcmacy kick the door in , gun point at Anton 's head . ruck freeze ! Anton jump up . the other three do not even twitch . Anton look at the cop and then glance wildly around the room in a trap panic . anton guy ! what 's should I do ? pnub ( turn ) I think -- mcmacy ( shoot pnub in the head ) aaahhhh ! 60 pnub : ( rub he new bullet wound ) I be gonna say I think you should do what the officer tell you , but I change my mind . mick really , man . just kill an . mcmacy ( bewilder ) they be alive ! ruck they be not . you just shot one in the head . and that one 's head be not even attach . they be obviously zomby or something . : anton ( to the boy ) look , I do not want to kill anybody . well , anybody else , at least . jimmy head you do not want to go to jail , though . anton jail ! that 's it ! I will give myself up and they will put I in a rubber room where I can not hurt anyone ! ( to the cop ) here , cuff I . Anton hold he hand out in front of he , continue to knit . ruck holster he gun and pull out he handcuffs . mcmacy keep he gun train on Anton . ruck okay , now drop the knitting needle . anton believe I , that 's not a good idea . just cuff I already . but as ruck reach out to slap the cuff on , Anton spear ruck 's hand with one knitting needle and thrust the other needle through the underside of ruck 's jaw , up into he brain . lighten -quick , Anton spin ruck 's body around , use it as a shield , as mcmacy fire he first shot . 61 as bullet spray the dead cop 's chest , Anton pull ruck 's gun from its holster and shoot mcmacy right between the eye . Mick , pnub , and Jimmy applaud . Anton drop ruck 's body anton ( distress ) stop that ! it be not I ! I have no control over my hand . the fuck knitting do not help at all . mick see ? I tell you that say be metaphorical . anton oh , shitit !! he point the gun at the cop corpse in a panic . the dead boy look at he , puzzle . anton ruck and mcmacy be gonna try to avenge they death now ! stand back ! pnub they ass go straight to Hell , Anton . Heaven frown on dirty cop . mick do not you see that little black demon whisk they soul away ? Anton shake he head . mick ( to pnub and Jimmy ) maybe you gotta be dead to see that . as pnub and Jimmy agree , Anton throw the gun down and stare at he hand , distraught . anton what the fuck be I go to do ? Satan obviously be not go to let I turn myself in . ( a beat , then - -) I know ! he march into the kitchen . the guy haul themselves off the couch and follow he . 62 int . kitchen -- same Anton grab the still - bloody knife and pull out the cut board . he lay he right hand on the cut board and raise the knife with he leave . . mick oh , no way ! anton it 's the only thing I can think of . 1 jimmy head I can not watch ! Jimmy turn he head to face he own gape chest . Anton grit he tooth , raise the knife high in the air , and swing it down . the knife stop in mid-air , less than a inch above he right wrist . pnub ( relieved ) I know you would not do it . anton ( struggle to push the knife down ) it 's not I . Satan 's try to stop I . Anton shut he eye and concentrate , try with all he might to force the knife down , but it won't budge . finally , he jump into the air , use the entire weight of he body to press down on the back of the knife , force it through he wrist and bring it to a satisfy thwack against the cut board . Anton scream like a man who just cut he own hand off . he lift he right arm ... not only be blood spew out fast and thick , but he hand be still partially attached to he wrist . it dangle by a thread . mick oh , sick . Anton , grimace in incredible agony , grab he right hand and jerk it off . he scream even louder this time . he grip he bloody stump and fall to the floor in pain . 63 pnub that look bad . you should really put something on it . Mick grab a small kitchen towel , wrap it around Anton 's stump , and secure it with a rubberband . mick that will stop the bleed , but how the hell be you plan to cut off you other hand ?? Anton frown . holding the knife in he leave hand , he make a few backwards slashing attempt , but do not even come - close to reach he leave wrist . he try to position the knife above he wrist with he right arm , but he can not push it through . he turn to the guy . anton Mick , be a bud and cut off my hand ? mick ( shaking he head ) too gross . anton pnub ? pnub shake he head too . anton c'mon , Jimmy . please ? Jimmy 's head dry-heave . anton Fine . fuck you guy then . lean over , Anton lay he leave hand on the floor , nudge the knife up onto he wrist , and try to push it through with he foot -- but the blade just keep fall sideways . he doggedly go back to the cut board . he grip the knife in he teeth and bob he head up and down over he arm , but can only make pathetic little scratch . mick ( gently ) I really do not think self - mutilation 's the answer here , Anton . I mean , you be deal with Satan -- no matter what you do , he will find a way to fuck with you . 64 Anton suddenly spit the knife out and clutches he towel - wrap stump , wince hard . pnub you okay ? anton ( in agony ) the pain 's really start to kick in . he hold he arm tight against he chest , sqeeezing he eye shut and breathe hard as .. .- the tip of a shiny , double - edge blade poke through the bloody towel , extending from Anton 's wrist . Anton scream , but he do not see the blade grow wickedly upward , head for the soft underside of he chin . the guy gasp . mick Anton , look out ! Anton 's eye spring open as Mick grab he arm , pull the blade 's tip away . as Anton stare in horror , the knife continue to grow straight out of he stump . when it reach a foot long , it stop and glint evilly . anton Jesus . mick I know you could not outsmart Satan . jimmy head at least you can cut you other hand off now . they all look at Jimmy . jimmy head if you still want to , I mean . pnub look at that fuck thing . it 's gonna get infect for sure . mick Anton , you get any antiseptic ? anton ( in shock ) I do not know . 65 mick do not worry , I have get a first - aid kit at my house . we will just hop over and grab it . pnub you wait here , Anton . try not to move , or you will lose more blood . we will be right back to fix you up . anton ( daze ) okay . the guy take off and Anton be leave alone in the kitchen . he start to bury he face in he hand , but think the better of it and bury he face in just he leave hand . on the floor below the cut board , Anton 's dismembered hand lie in a pool of blood . suddenly , a finger twitches . Anton 's face be still hide as he right hand start inching slowly toward he ... undetected , the hand crawl up he pantleg and onto he shirt , but when the hand brushes against the bare skin at the base of Anton 's neck , Anton look down . before Anton can react , the hand have he by the throat . he fall back against the floor , struggle for breath and pull at the hand with he leave hand . he can not budge the hand . it squeezy tighter . Anton 's face go pale as he try to wheeze . the hand 's knuckle turn white , squeezing hard . Anton work he blade - appendage between the hand and he throat . cut he neck badly in the process , Anton manage to pry the hand loose . with one hard jerk , he send the hand fly . it smack against the fridge and fall to the floor , motionless . from out of nowhere , chillingly sinister laughter erupt . as Anton glance around the room in a panic , search for the source of the laughter , the hand spring back up and fly at he as a fist . it punch Anton in the jaw . he reel back , punch -drunk , too daze to resist as the hand grab Anton 's leave wrist and set it on the cut board . the evil hand seize the knife Anton use earlier and raise it above Anton 's leave wrist as ... 66 the doorbell ring . Anton snaps.out of he daze and pull he leave arm away just | as the evil hand thwacks the knife against the cut board . the doorbell ring again . molly ( os ) ( call ) Anton ? anton shit ! he go to look at he watch , but it 's still wrap around | the severe wrist -- flying through the air , knife point at Anton 's face . Anton block . it with he own blade . as they swordfight ... molly ( 0s ) Anton ! be you home ? voice from nowhere ( sinister whisper ) Molly , be not it , Anton ? Anton 's eye widen in fear . anton do not hurt she ! i'11l do whatever you want , just do not hurt she ! voice from nowhere ( sinister whisper ) I be not go to hurt . she . Anton look sick . he eye he severe hand with new dread . the doorbell ring again . anton ( yell ) Molly , get the fuck out of here , you bitch ! the evil hand push its knife hard against Anton 's blade , back Anton up against the counter . Beyond it , Anton can see down the hall into the entry way -- Molly 's press she face against the frost glass , try to look inside . molly Anton , quit be cute and let I in ! 67 Anton struggle to shove the hand 's knife back , but the hand be stronger . it force Anton 's own double - edge blade to press against he face . it break the skin on he cheek and blood trickle down . ext . anton's front porch -- same Molly 's dress in a nun 's habit . a wooden cross stick straight out from she chest and blood glisten around the fake wound . molly dammit , Anton , we be late ! I be come in . int . kitchen - same the knife press deeper into he face . anton no ! stay out , Molly , I mean it ! ext . anton's front porch -- same Molly try the doorknob . the door swing open easily , have be kick in earlier by the cop . she step inside . int . live room -- same Molly step over the two cop corpse with a puzzle look . strange sound ' can be hear from the kitchen . int . kitchen -- same Anton reach to the side with he good hand and pull a pan out of the sink . he give the evil hand a good whack , knock the knife from its grasp . while the hand be momentarily stunne , Anton grab it and shove it into a ceramic Cookie monster cookie jar . holding the cookie jar shut between he chest and right arm , he pull rubberband from a drawer and fasten the cookie jar lid on tight . he set the cookie jar back on the counter just as Molly enter . she take in the bloody cut board , bloody knife , bloody floor , and bloody Anton with a annoyed sigh . vo . wb. look , you should have call . you need more time to do you costume , fine , but I hate wait . let 's. go already . anton Molly , I be the killer . : molly . uh-huh . not real original , you know . half the kid at the dance will be dress as the killer . that knife hand 's kinda ¢ool , though . she reach out to ' touch it . Anton back . away from she . anton I be not kid . you have get to get out of here . molly what 's up with that dead cop in you live room ? they look pretty real . be they part of you costume ? anton Molly , listen to I ! I -- he stop in surprise as he blade arm turn horizontally in front of he and raise itself into the air . as Anton stare at it , stunne , the blade pull he toward Molly . he pull back with he good hand , but it 's no use . his foot slide across the floor as he struggle to stop himself . anton ( come at she uncontrollably ) Molly , run ! molly save it for the costume judge . can we go now ? as he blade reach she throat , Anton shove Molly back with he good hand , try to keep she out of cut range . up against the back door , she roll she eye . molly ( unenthuse ) Fine . help , help . the killer 's get I . 69 but the blade close in on she despite Anton 's effort . it press against she throat . molly Anton , quit it ! that hurt ! anton ( struggle ) I be try ! I can not help it ! she try to push he off she , but can not . he try to hold the blade back , but can not . anton I be sorry , Molly . there 's nothing else I can do . he lean in , kiss she , and presses he own throat against the blade . anton at least Satan will not win . in one swift movement , he jerk he head sideways , slitting he own throat . everything go black . int . winnebago - evening Debi pour hot train a dish of birdseed . the parrot hop wordlessly onto the edge of the dish and eat , fling seed and shell everywhere . debi ( disgruntled ) not even a thank you ? ext . parking lot - same Debi step out . the motor home be park beneath the neon , coffee - cup shape sign of the hotcake house . Debi slam the winnebago door . debi Dumb bird . she stalk into the diner as a blue chevy nova -- carry Devon , Joe , and curtis -- cruise into the lot , blast motley crue 's " shout at the Devil . " int . anton's kitchen -- same close on Anton 's slit throat as the gash miraculously seal itself shut . it do not look pretty , but it 's obviously do the job because Anton sit up , daze . anton's Pov : everything 's blurry . he can hear : molly ( shriek in terror ) Anton ! Anton , help ! but he can not see she . he shake he head and focus on jag piece . as he vision sharpen , the piece become break cookie jar . shard on the floor . Anton turn immediately to see he disembody hand choking Molly against the back door . her scream fade ; she black out and collapse onto the floor . voice from nowhere ( sinister whisper ) I will always win , Anton . the spine- chill laughter fill the room again as Anton hurl himself toward the unconscious Molly . he lift he blade to spear the hand , but stop abruptly . on second think , he use he good hand to bend back the evil hand finger one by one . he pries the hand loose and it turn on he , bitch - slapping Anton across the face . Anton stumble back . the hand fly at he again , but this time , Anton put he knife -hand up to block it -- and the hand impale itself on Anton 's blade . Anton open the microwave , fling the hand in , shut the door , and turn it on high . the evil hand 's skin bubbles and then burst against the microwave door in . a mess of sear flesh and blood . anton Gross . int . hotcake house - same Devon , Joe , and curtis lift they overload food trays from the buffet line and look around the crowded hotcake House . every table be occupy . 71 Debi be sit alone in a booth , barely pick at a pizza - size pancake . Devon give she he best puppy - dog eye . devon Excuse I , mar 'am ? do you mind if my friend and I share this booth with you ? debi ( not look up ) hal : Devon , curtis , and Joe look at each other and shrug . they slide into Debi 's booth and begin devour they food , talk with they mouth full . curtis ( to Debi ) hey , you get the pizza-sized pancake too . Debi do not look up . devon do you live around here ? curtis no , I live over -- devon not you , dick , she . debi ( look up ) you want to know where I live ? Devon nod and then add : devon not like we be loony or anything . we will not stalk you . debi I have no home . I do not get to have a home . joe you need a place to crash ? debi let I ask you something . how do you guy spend you day today ? 72 joe hungover . curtis and dev. spend hour lay on he back in the driveway . devon ( nodd ) New shock . debi I have never have a driveway . I have never even have a hangover . the guy . look at she with pity . debi you know how I spend my day ? I drive around the country look for the Devil . curtis what be you , some kind of freak ? you have really never be hungover ? Devon kick curtis under the table , but Debi ignore they . debi that 's right , Satan himself . oh , I know what you be think . why would a clever , yet attractive , young woman waste she life away search for Satan ? because I have to . it 's my freaking destiny . Devon , curtis , and Joe have no response to that . debi that 's right . I be not a religious zealot or a cultist . evil do not even bother I all that much . I just have absolutely no say in my own life . and here 's the kicker . ( they stare blankly at she ) I actually have the one thing that can rid this world of Satan forever -- on a ancient scroll pass down through generation of lecure woman -- a holy incantation that will banish the Prince of darkness to hell . Devon , curtis , and Joe shovel food into they mouth . the guy shrug . 73 , debi I know what you be think . of course there 's a catch . in order to send the Devil pack , I have to read the incantation to he face . joe ( point at she pancake ) you gonna eat that ? debi help yourself . but read it to he face be virtually impossible , you under - stand . Satan almost never appear on earth himself . he use human —- the weak - minded and slothful -- to do he dirty work . devon . ( to be polite ) why be that , anyway ? why do not he do it himself ? debi be you kid ? do you have any idea how hot it be in Hell ? debi even the hot place in the world must be thousand of degree below what Satan 's use to . the Devil can not hack the cold long enough to do much evil himself . joe ( skeptical ) he get too cold ?? devon duh , Joe . why do you think there 's no crime in Antarctica ? ( to Debi ) so. how do one go about tracking Satan ? debi I will tell you . she wait for they to egg she on . they do not . debi I read the papers and watch the news . when I hear about a derange serial killer on the loose , odd be Satan 's involved . I head to that town in hope of find the Devil before he move on to the next schmuck . devon weird . Satan 's like the topic of the day or something . earlier today , Anton tell I Satan be possess he . eye wide , Debi ' reach across the table and grab Devon by he Black sabbath concert T-shirt . debi do not screw with I , mister . Devon pull he shirt from Debi 's grip . devon ease up there , kitten . I be tell you the truth . he be pretty freak . debi tell I where he life . now !!! int . anton's kitchen -- same Anton 's check Molly 's pulse -- he find it . anton thank God ! voice from nowhere ( sinister whisper ) he have nothing to do with it . Anton turn , look around wildly for the source of the voice , but again he find no one . he put he good hand protectively on Molly . anton ( to the room in general ) what do you want ? voice from nowhere ( sinister whisper ) kill she . anton no ! 74 he turn back to Molly in a panic . 7 5 , anton Molly ! Molly , wake up ! you have to get out of here . Molly ! he slap she face gently with he good hand . she do not stir . . as Anton slap she harder , desperately , he knife -hand rise at he side . unnotice , it position itself above Anton 's head , its vicious point aimed at Molly 's forehead . Anton turn from Molly in despair -- and see he reflection on the oven door : the blade plunge toward Molly . Anton catch the blade in he good hand , just inch from she face . blood trickle from he fist , around the sharp metal and down he wrist , as he jerk himself away . he kick the back door OPEN and run out . ext . hotcake house parking lot - same Debi scramble into the driver 's seat clutching a hand - draw map on a napkin . debi hang on , hot train . we hit the jackpot ! she peel out . on the other side of the restaurant window , Devon , curtis , and Joe shake they head and continue eat . ext . backyard -- same Anton 's good hand be trash -- the palm be deeply slice . ignoring that , he grasp the blade again and pull with a vengeance , try to yank the blade from he stump . . . no luck . he peek under the dishtowel -- he stump have fuse shut around the base of the knife -- it 's now part of he body . the wound be compltely close and the blood be go , but it 's hideous - look . Anton jerk the dishtowel back into place . anton ( yell , enraged ) I will not do this anymore ! I be go back inside and call a ambulance for Molly .. 76 he glance around the dark back yard defiantly , wait for a response . get none , he add : anton ya fuck . as he stalk back toward the house , a sudden wind come up , rustling the leave on the ground and chilling Anton to the bone . he stop short . sinister whisper behind he oh , Anton . . . Anton slowly turn -- to find no one . he turn back toward the door and . find himself face - to- chest with the devil . Anton jump . Satan loom over he , 8 foot high with horn , tail , and fork tongue , a deep blood -re . on closer inspection , he body be a sea of constantly move blood , with small wormlike creature swim in it . anton ( terrify ) Holy shit !!! satan you be go back in there alright -- to kill she . ( move slowly in on Anton ) see , the way it work be , you be my bitch . you live to pleasure I . Anton inch away , unable to run , eye wide with fright . satan and tonight 's a big night for you . if you can not get it together to kill one dumb chick , how be you go to slaughter several hundred of you peer ? anton ( barely squeaking it out ) why I ? satan you , Anton , be the result of a millennium of carefully plan DNA experimentation . you be the supreme sinner , build to butcher . anton ( stunne ) really ? 77 satan do not be stupid . you be just a random choice . now listen , you have the perfect set - up tonight . anton ( whimper ) you do not need I . you could do it yourself . please , just let I have my life back . Satan grab Anton by the collar and lift he off the ground . he 's face - to- face with the Devil and scared out of he mind . satan get this through you head , boy . you have no life to get back . you be a murderer . you kill you parent and you friend . you have have a knife for a hand , and you be right -hande . ( laugh ) you think you can have a normal life ? you only path lie with I now . ext . STREET - same the winnebago take a corner at top speed . the large vehicle lean precariously , racing on two wheel for a instant before righting itself with a thud . Debi do not slow down . int . kitchen - same Molly come to and get up , look extremely confuse . ext . front of anton's house -- same Mick , pnub , and Jimmy head down the sidewalk toward Anton 's house carry a first - aid kit , some freeze burrito , and Jimmy 's head , respectively . they see Molly step out of Anton 's house , rub she temple . she cross the street toward she own house . pnub think they do it ? mick or he try to kill she . 78 ext . back yard — — same Anton look down , cring , as Satan continue to hold he off the ground and rant . Little fleck of satan-spittle fly into Anton 's face . satan I turn you into a killer piece by piece , Anton . you belong to I . now get in there and kill that girl . Anton muster he courage . he take a deep breath , and then another , and then : anton ( timid but determine ) I can not . I love she . Satan throw Anton to the ground in disgust . satan you would never even have speak to she if it be not for I . I get you laid . I make you kiss she . you think a ballsy move like that come from you own will ? anton ( in disbelief ) you would not do anything good for I . satan Anton , I be the Devil . I be into lust . I take time out for a good fuck - show whenever I can . anton ( aghast ) you watch ??? Satan grin evilly and shiver in the cold wind blow across the yard . anton ( get to he foot ) you know what ? fuck you . int . winnebago cab - same Debi check the map , catch sight of a street sign , and suddenly yank the wheel . they fly into a intersection , against a red light . traffic on all side screech to a halt . Debi keep go . 79 hot train flap he wing furiously , try to maintain he balance amid the chaos of the cab . int . kitchen -- same the dead boy arrive to find Anton go . mick he must be in the pisser . Fire that up , pnub . I be starve ! pnub open the microwave door and the hand -- now nothing but a skeleton with a few chunks of cook flesh cling to the bone -- fly out at he . the hand zoom past pnub 's head , crash through a window , and disappear into the night . the boy look at each other . they do not know what to say . Mick shrug . Jimmy hold he head up to look at the blood and gut in the microwave . jimmy head maybe we should clean it first , pnub yeah , and while we be at it , we will just clean the whole fuck house . this be not we mess . he rip a paper towel from a roll and place it in the microwave . he set the freeze burrito in on top of it and turn the microwave on . ext . back yard -- same arm cross over he chest , bored out of he mind , Satan tap he finger on one arm as the wind pick up . anton ( fume ) + + '' and , you big , red fuck , you be right , I do not have much of a life anymore . but I will be damned if I be gonna spend the rest of it kill people so you can get off . 80 satan ( shiver in the cold wind ) you be already damned . anton ( throw he hand up ) so what ? Hell can not be worse than this . ( realize something ) and I have be resisting you . if you be so all - powerful , I would have kill Molly already . that 's why you show up , be not it ? Satan 's eye blaze with ' ’rage . he try to uncross he arm , but he joint have stiffened in the cold . Anton look puzzle as Satan grimace and force one stiff finger to point at the ground . a ring of FIRE spring up around the Devil . he move he arm and shoulder slowly as he joint warm and loosen up . suddenly , a strong wind blow the fire out . satan ( annoyed , shiver again ) look , I do not have time for this . you do not want to be the predator ? Fine . let 's see how you like be one of the prey . Anton suddenly scream and clutches he knife-hand ... at the base of the knife , blood seep through the dishtowel wrap around he stump . Anton howl in intense pain . Satan 's freezing , he teeth chatter in the cold , but he can not leave before bask in Anton 's agony . satan you be no longer under my protection , Anton . how do it feel ? anton ( gritting he tooth ) it 's worth it . satan ( laugh ) you think you have stop I ? my plan do not revolve around some piddly human . enjoy the massacre ! Satan vanish . Anton book for the back door . 81 int . kitchen -- same his stump drip blood across the kitchen floor as Anton rush in to find Molly go . anton ( yell , panicked ) Molly ?? he hear voice in the live room ... int . live room -- same Anton hurry in to find Mick , pnub , and Jimmy kick it on the couch , watch tv . anton guy ! where 's Molly ?? mick she leave . so do you guy do it ? Anton rush to the door , frantic . anton ( barely pay attention ) no. well , yes , but not today -- he 's interrupt by the ding of the microwave . he stop with he hand on the doorknob , eye wide , turn toward the kitchen in horror . pnub hey , since you be up , would you grab that burrito out of the microwave ? anton do not tell I you let my hand out ??! the guy look at each other , slightly embarrassed . Mick light the bong . jimmy head we bring you a first - aid kit . anton where 's my hand ?? pnub / it break a window and bolt . there be not anything we could do . 82 anton shit. look , I have to find Molly . now that I be not the killer anymore , I - - mick you be not ? anton Satan let I off the hook . mick well , alright then . ( offer Anton the bong ) take a hit and relax . anton I can not . I mean , I really should check on Molly . plus , Satan plan on off a whole shitload of people tonight , and my hand be out there do who know what . do not you think I should do something ? mick what for ? it 's not you problem any - more . let the cop handle it . Anton look down at the two dead cop at he foot . anton still , I feel kinda responsible . pnub no one 's blame you , Anton . come on , take a hit . maybe we will head over to the dance later . anton ( gasp ) the dance ! that 's where Satan want I to go ! he 's.gonna kill everyone at the dance tonight ! mick calm down , Anton . there 's nothing you can do . I say just kick back and forget about it . anton no . not this time . 's I have spend my whole life -- mick okay , okay . no speech . just go . 83 anton right . he grab a set of key off the desk and leave . pnub maybe we should go to the dance now . you know , before Satan kill everyone . jimmy head yeah . I bet you I win best costume . Mick and pnub narrow they eye at Jimmy 's gape chest wound and severe head . mick you can not go like that , Jimmy . pnub we will touch you up a bit . ext . STREET - same Debi 's motor home zip past the park , turn onto Anton 's street . int . anton be garage - same Anton plop down into the seat of he dad 's sportscar . he look from the stickshift to he bloody blade hand . it 's not gonna work . anton fuck ! ext . front yard - same Anton race into the front yard and glance around . through the chain -link fence , he see devon' truck park in the driveway next door . just beyond he , Debbie 's winnebago be haul ass toward he house . int . winnebago - same as Debi roar into Anton 's driveway , she see Anton hopping the fence . she quickly flip she napkin-map over to reveal a crude sketch of Anton 's head . 84 debi we have get he , hot train ! look out , Satan , we be right on you ass ! she scramble from the cab to she live room and dive under the kitchen table , spin the safe 's combination lock . ext . metal . house driveway . - same Devon 's truck be unlock . Anton yank the door open and jump in . with hot train perch on she shoulder , Debi hurl herself out of the winnebago . the ancient scroll glow in she hand as she race . around the fence toward he . in the truck no key . Anton shove the tip of he knife blade into the truck 's ignition and give it a quick twist . but ... the base of the blade rotate in he stump instead of in the ignition . Anton yelp and rip off the dishtowel -- now soak through with blood . no longer fuse shut , he stump be the gory open wound it should be -- but with a knife shove into it . he wiggle the knife -- it 's slightly loose . holding it firmly with he good hand , Anton wince as he force the kinife - tip to turn in the ignition . in the driveway just as Debi rush up the drive , yell -- debi Anton ? Anton , wait ! -- the truck roar to life . in the truck twisted sister 's " we be not gonna take it " immediately blast from the tape deck , obliterate the sound of Debi 's yell . Anton throw the truck into reverse . 85 in the driveway bam ! the back of the truck slam full -force into debi . the scroll goe flying and hot train flap he wing like crazy as Debi 's shoulder drop out from under he . Debi land at the edge of the driveway . in the truck brake , Anton look startle and confuse . he check he rearview mirror . see nothing , he shrug and continue back out . bam ! one of the back tire go up and over something . bam ! the front tire follow suit . Anton shake he head and whip the truck onto the street , snap off the cheesy ' 80s metal . anton damn , dev , you new shock suck ! Devon 's creeper roll in the truck 's bed as Anton roar away . in the yard a few foot from Debi 's lifeless form , the scroll be glow softly , lodge in a flower bed . use he beak , hot train pull the scroll free . down the block just a few house away , anton screech to a stop in front of Molly 's house . across the STREET a little boy lovingly wrap he arm around danzig 's neck and look pleadingly up at he mother . she nod and smile , and the boy 's face burst into a huge grin as they lead danzig into he new home . danzig bound in happily . 86 int . anton's kitchen - same Mick plunge a fork , pronge - side up , into the top of Jimmy 's 's pulpy neck . he take Jimmy 's head off the counter and slam it down onto the fork , bring head and neck together again . pnub poke Jimmy 's forehead . the head wobble slightly . pnub still a little loose . Mick find a roll of duct tape in a drawer and wrap it around Jimmy 's neck , taping he head on tight . mick lift you arm . Jimmy hold he arm away from he chest . his heart fall out , dangle by a entrail . pnub shove Jimmy 's innard back in as Mick duct tape he shut . jimmy how do I look ? mick you will probably still win best costume . come on . ext . anton's front yard ~ same the guy head out of Anton 's house . hot train hop across the yard toward they , with the ancient scroll clutch safely in he beak . Mick 's eye light up . he point excitedly at the winnebago in the driveway , motor still run . mick no way ! how convenient . they walk right past hot train and the scroll , and open the winnebago door . hot train fly up into a tree , and tear the scroll to shred , lining he new nest with glow bit . hot train ( sing ) it 's like raaaaiiin on you wedding day , it 's a free ride , when you have already pay ... 87 ext . molly house - same Anton ring the doorbell repeatedly . Molly 's father open the door . molly dad there 's no trick - or-treate this year , son . anton I know . be Molly here ? molly dad be you the little bastard who stand up my daughter ? anton no , sir . I be just a little late . molly dad that costume of yours be in very sick taste . do you think this murder be some kind of joke ? the winnebago , with Mick at the wheel , cruise past behind Anton . anton no , sir , I do not . look , I really have to see Molly . molly dad she get sick of wait for you and go to the dance alone , and I must say I think she make a wise choice . but Anton 's already racing toward the curb . int . winnebago - same as Mick drive and Jimmy fiddle with the radio from the passenger seat , pnub explore the live area . he look over the murder- orient news clipping above the refrigerator and then open the fridge . his eye go wide . pnub beer ! 88 int . high school gymnasium - same lame Halloween decoration deck the wall . costume teenager mill about as a band plays a horrible , pointless cover of Kenny loggins ' " danger zone " on the stage and a few adult chaperone lean against the wall . Molly enter in she nun 's outfit and she friend , tanya , join she at the punch table . tanya hey , moll . Nice costume . ( touch the bloody cross plunge into Molly 's chest ) what be you , a vampire ? molly ( still foggy ) no. tanya so I think you be bring you new guy . molly he never show , the fuck . I fall asleep wait for he and now I feel all gross and groggy . tanya ouch . stood up . Mick , pnub , and Jimmy saunter up , do they best to hide a few beer in . they pocket . mick hey , girl . tanya wow , you guy look great ! who do you make -up ? mick my friend , Anton . Mick raise he eyebrow suggestively at Molly . she glare . Tanya rub she finger along Mick 's forehead wound . mick careful . there might still be some glass in there . 89 tanya cool . CUT to : another part of the gym . a bored adult chaperone stand guard at a doorway . he hear a noise and look behind he , peer into the dark hallway . a lighten - fast skeletal hand jab he through the eye , boring into he brain . the chaperone 's scream be drown out by the band 's deafen song - end climax . back at the punch table : jimmy this band suck . CUT to : a unseen force drag the dead chaperone into the dark hallway . back at the punch table : Jimmy turn from the band to see Tanya deeply french - kissing Mick 's decompose mouth . jimmy oh , that 's disgusting . pnub it 's fuck illegal . pnub pries Mick away from Tanya . pnub c'mon , man , you be dead . think about it . it 's gross . Mick shrug . molly ( sighing ) I be go for a walk . as she disappear through the door leave unguard by the now - dead chaperone ... 90 Anton burst into the gym , he stump bloodier than ever and mushy with decomposing flesh around the knife . anton ( yell ) stop the dance ! the band crash to a halt and all eye turn to Anton . anton I be the killer ! a sea of jason , freddy , manson , and nightstalker stare at he for just a second before go back to they conversation . the band resume play . Anton run on -stage , grab the microphone from the singer . the band stop again . anton ( into the mic ) I be not fuck around ! chaperone hey , watch you language . anton I be not mess around . you be all in danger here . go home ! the devil 's come to kill you all ! the student body scoff . anton really ! he already make I kill my parent , a couple of cop , and Mick , pnub , and Jimmy ! the crowd turn collectively toward the punch table , where Jimmy be empty a Beer into the punchbowl . Anton look stunne to see they there as the three dead boy wave at the crowd . mick it 's true ! jimmy ( hide the beer bottle ) yeah , he slice I up real good . the crowd laugh , dismissively turn away from Anton . deflate , he hand the mic to the singer and mope over to the punch table . 91 anton stupid idiot . they be all gonna die and there 's nothing I can do about it . mick uh-huh . jimmy at least they will get to live it up before they be systematically slaughter , thanks to I . he slide another beer from he pocket and pop the cap off with the bottle - opener on he keychain . Anton stare at the keychain as Jimmy pour the beer into the punch . pnub you can not spike punch with beer , dipshit . like the whole school be gonna get drunk because you add a beer or two to that bowl . jimmy I be not do . Jimmy pop another beer open as Anton continue to focus on the keychain . suddenly -— - anton that 's it ! I know how to defeat Satan ! jimmy with beer ? anton no. Jimmy , I need to borrow you key . jimmy ( hand they over ) okay . anton great . ( head for the door , turn back ) hey , have anyone see Molly ? mick she go for a walk . 92 anton shit ! look , could you guy find . she and get she out of here ? I do not want anything to happen to she . : mick no problem . anton thanks . I will be right back . jangle the key , Anton bolt . int . school hallway -. same Molly stop at a water fountain , lean over to drink , when she hear : voice from nowhere Molly . molly ( jerk up ) what ? silence . frown , she’ wipe water droplet off she mouth and look around . a little way down the hall , a light flick on inside a classroom . the door be slightly ajar . Molly slowly , cautiously approach the classroom . a sign on the door read " shop room . " she step in . the door slam shut behind she . molly ( os ) ( pierce scream ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh ! CUT to a large , red slab of meat hang from a hook . Anton push a huge , metal machine through the meat warehouse toward a open door . ext . meat - packing plant - same Devon 's truck be park beside the building , below the sign : warden meat . the warehouse door be open and Jimmy 's key dangle from the lock . 93 on the side of the meat-cack plant , a silver , industrial garage door slide up and open with a clang . the massive machine -- with freeze - whiz 4000 paint on the side -- be balanced precariously on the little creeper from Devon 's truck . steady the freeze - whiz and push from behind , Anton grunt with effort . as he roll the machine toward the truck , a sudden wind come up . Anton shiver in the breeze and ... hear a scraping SOUND . he cock he head and listen - nothing . he peer over the top of the freeze - whiz . nothing . then the sound come again -- scrape . . . scrape ... it 's come from behind he . he very , very slowly turn to look over he shoulder ... . and see nothing . grimly hold he knife -hand at the ready and keep a sharp , suspicious look - out , he continue on toward the truck . int . school hallway - same Mick , pnub , and Jimmy creep cautiously down the dark hallway . they hear something . jimmy do you hear something ? pnub yeah . it sound like flesh be rip off . mick we better check it out . Mick start forward , but pnub and Jimmy hesitate . mick quit be pussy . it 's not like we be gonna get kill again . they move covertly down the hall and the fleshy noise get louder . they round a corner and see figure lurching in the shadow . 94 Jimmy grab one of the figure and pull it into the light + - . it 's a costume teenaged girl , and Jimmy 's hold onto she by the boob . girl let go , fucker . before Jimmy can react , the girl 's boyfriend step out of the shadow and punch Jimmy in the face . Jimmy 's head fly off and roll down the hall . his body just stand there with a fork stick out of he neck . the girl scream and run away . her boyfriend scream and run after she . the guy shrug , Jimmy retrieve he head , and they continue the search down the hallway , past the close shop door . . . int . shop room - same close on : Molly 's chest as the wooden cross be yank out of she nun 's habit by a unseen hand . we do not see she face ; she do not resist . close on : a whirring , industrial - strength sanding machine . the blunt end of the cross be hold to it by the same unseen hand and the powerful sander quickly file it into a sharp point . int . gym / dance - same no one notice as each set of the gym 's double door , open to the parking lot , close silently , seemingly of they own accord . ext . school parking lot - same Devon 's truck be park at a reckless angle in the lot . Anton wheel the freeze - whiz , on the creeper , up to the close gymnasium door . the horrible band can be hear cover " the Eye of the Tiger " as Anton tug on a door handle . the door will not budge . puzzle , he push the machine around a corner of the school and find a single door -~ unlocked . victorious , he wheel the freeze - whiz in . 95 int . pool room - same in the weird blue light of the desert swim pool , Anton go to plug the freeze - wwhiz into a wall outlet , but before he get there ... a quiet creak be barely audible from across the room . Anton whirl around to inspect the room -- a door be OPEN at the far end . Anton frown at it , hesitate -- be it open when he come in ? but nothing move . even the water be still . shrugge , he plug in the freeze - whiz . it power up with a loud roar . across the room the open door slam shut , but Anton can not hear it -- or anything else -- over the whir of the freeze-whiz . unidentified Pov : something 's in the room with Anton . his back be turn , he 's fiddling with the freeze - whiz 's temperature dial , as it approach he stealthily . whatever it be , it 's practically breathe down Anton 's neck when he turn . . . Anton jump , startle , and then look relieved . anton Molly ! God , I be glad to see you ! Molly 's stand in front of he , hand out of sight behind she back . she smile . anton I want to apologize for , you know , earlier . hey , guess what , though ? I be not the killer anymore , so you do not have to worry ! molly ( still smile ) I be not worried . . anton good , ' cause you have gotta understand that I be not really like that . I be a nice guy . as he ramble , we pan down behind Molly to reveal the sharpened cross clutch behind she back . 96 anton thanks for be so cool about this . you have no idea what it 's like to -- Molly bring the cross up over she head and plunge it toward Anton 's skull . he scramble out of the way just in time . anton Jesus Christ . I guess you do know what it 's like ! he back away as Molly advance . anton Molly , you do not know what you be do . I werit through that stage too . you have get to try and clear you head . Molly stab at he again , but Anton block she cross with he blade hand , slightly cutting her hand in the process . molly ( scream ) ! she clutches she cut hand in pain . anton ( go to she ) I be sorry . Molly bury the cross in Anton 's shoulder . he howl as she pull it out and stab at he again . this time , he move before the cross find its mark . anton ( back up against the high dive ladder ) Molly , listen to I . I have get a plan to defeat Satan . you part be easy . all you have to do be not kill I . she 's inching toward he , not listen . with he back press against the ladder , there 's nowhere to go but up . Anton climb up a step . int . gym / dance - same the girl and she boyfriend from the hall stand by the punch bowl , talk to Tanya . 97 boyfriend »- + - and then he head come off ! it look so real . tanya have you guy notice that all the chaperone have disappear ? girl they probably go to find a better party . this band suck . boyfriend yeah , let 's get outta here . Tanya , the girl , and she boyfriend head for the exit , where a crowd have gather . they try the door . boyfriend ( pull harder ) hey , this be fuck lock ! some guy yeah , man . we just try to leave too . it 's no use . girl there 's a door in the pool room that 's always open . I think the lock 's bust . boyfriend cool . pretty much all of the student head into the dark hallway . the band keep play . int . pool room - same Molly and Anton be up on the high dive . Molly lunge . Anton slip , fall flat on he back . she loom over he , brandish she cross as ... the hand fly into the room with blood drip from its skeletal finger . it beeline straight for the freeze - whiz and shut it off . Anton hear the machine sputter and go quiet . he turn he head to look and Molly stab he in the shoulder again . Anton scream . Mick , pnub and Jimmy come into the pool room . 98 mick ( point ) there 's that hand ! jimmy ( hold he head onto he . neck with both hand ) : hey , that 's my dad 's freeze - whiz 4000 ! anton guy ! guy ! the guy look around the room , confuse . on the diving board , Molly stab at Anton 's chest . he block it with he blade -- but the impact loosen the knife even more and Anton wince with pain as the knife 's base wobbles in he stump . he grab Molly 's wrist in he good hand and hold it still . mick Anton ? anton up here ! they look up at the high dive . anton ( grapple with Molly ) you guy have get to turn that freeze - whiz back on ! it 's the only way to beat Satan . the guy eye the machine . the skeletal hand guard it like a pitbull . mick sure thing , buddy . as the three guy march toward the hand , the horde of costume student enter the pool room . boyfriend that 's the kid whose head I punch off ! the guy close in on the hand and Jimmy let go of he head - to lunge at it . the hand smack Jimmy 's hand away , jostling he head . Jimmy 's head fly off he neck and roll close enough to catch the hand in he teeth . 99 mick yeah , fuck it up , Jimmy . bite it again ! but as Jimmy open up to bite again , the hand crawl inside he mouth and out the bottom where he throat should be . the hand grab Jimmy 's head by the hair and toss it into the pool . pnub do not worry , man . I will get you ! Mick , you cover the hand ! — pnub grab a long pole with a net on the end to fish Jimmy 's head out of the pool as Mick dive at the skeletal hand . on the high dive still on he back , Anton hold Molly 's cross -jabbing wrist with he one good hand as she lean over he . anton Molly , I can not defend myself without hurt you ! you have to clear you mind . if you resist , Satan will show up and we can beat he ! he bring he plead face up close to hers . she squirm , try to wrench she wrist from he grasp . anton you can do it , Molly . she snarl evilly at he . anton please . for I . he kiss she softly on the lip . suddenly , she eye fill with tear . Anton let go and watch , hold he breath as . . . Molly convulse , struggle with herself . her hand , hold the cross , start to move toward Anton , but Molly flight to hold it back . summon all she strength , she force she finger to let go of the cross . it clatter onto the diving board and she collapse on top of Anton . 100 anton ( hugging she ) yes ! I know you would come through , Molly ! a split-second later , Satan appear on the high dive , block they way to the ladder . satan you big , fat , fuck idiot , Anton . below the costume student stare up at Satan in amazement and fear . pnub continue try to fish Jimmy 's head out of the pool , but it keep bob away . Mick have he hand full fight the skeletal hand . on the high dive grimace in pain , Anton use he good hand to keep the base of he knife press into he stump , try to stop it from wobble around as he point it defensively at Satan . satan what 's the big plan ? you be gonna make I cold ? anton ( nervous but defiant ) that 's right . he start to sit up , but Satan plant a massive foot on Anton 's chest , force he to lie back down . satan even if you stupid friend manage to turn that thing on , you think I will be helpless ? below the girl tug on she boyfriend 's arn . girl let 's go . the boyfriend nod and they start toward the door . the rest of the kid follow . 101 satan you can not imagine the extent of my power . all i.have to do be point my finger , and bam ! Fire ! Satan point he finger and bam ! a wall of fire appear at the door , block it from the girl and she boyfriend . they jump back and , in a panic , the whole crowd rush for the door to the hallway . laugh , Satan point he finger again , and the hall door be consume in fire . satan nobody leave ! anton ( hold Molly close ) . we have already win . we resist you . satan . yeah , congrat . guess what you win , a brand - new fiery death ! you two will burn along with everyone else here tonight . ( to the crowd ) you can all thank Anton for you early demise . ( to Anton ) if you have not be so much fun to fuck with , I would have move on to some other town long ago . Satan laugh as the entire student body glare at Anton . guy in crowd Nice goin ' Anton . girl in crowd thanks a lot . across the room Mick force the hand to the ground and step on it . he grin as he hear each bony finger break . he hold the bent , gnarled thing up with satisfaction and ... mick ( turn the freeze - whiz on ) Anton , you gizmo 's back on ! 102 the freeze - whiz roar to life once again . on the high dive , Anton crane he neck to see , give Mick a quick thumb - up . anton yes ! ( narrowing . he eye at Satan ) now you be do for . Satan roll he eye as the crowd cheer . pnub finally scoops Jimmy 's head into the net , but as he turn with it , the end of the pole smack into the freeze - whiz , knocking the machine into a corner of the pool . satan ( laugh he ass off ) that 's just perfect ! Anton sadly watch the freeze - whiz sink to the bottom of the pool ... - +» . but he also notice something else : the water around the machine start to freeze ! anton ( to Satan ) laugh it up , fucko ! he grab Satan by the ankle and plant he foot firmly in the Devil 's crotch . in one swift movement , he heave Satan over 's himself and Molly , and off the end of the diving board . the crowd cheer again , but Satan just laugh as he plummet . in the pool , ice be spread rapidly out from the freeze - whiz , head toward the middle of the pool . in mid-fall , Satan extend he tongue upward , wrapping it around anton's throat and yanking he over the edge too . the crowd gasp . molly ( scream ) Anton ! Anton fall through the air , just second behind Satan . fach , up , fatan laugh -- as best he can ae the tergue stic hag out -- as Anton struggle , tug tongue aroun he throat . splash ! Satan hit the pool . the water instantly freeze solid over he . avo a split-second later , Anton slam against the hard ice with a bone-shatter smack . his knife , knock completely out of he stump by the impact , go spin across the ice . Anton do not move . mick oh , shit . molly ( scramble down the ladder ) Anton ! oh my god , Anton ! jimmy be he dead ? the crowd stare in silent horror as Mick , pnub , and Jimmy slide across the ice toward they buddy .. . but before they can reach Anton , the. boy ' body collapse . Three transparent soul rise from the corpse . mick soul ( to pnub ) Nice move , dickhead . I think you just avenge we death . the three boy ' spirit vanish as Molly rush frantically across the freeze pool . she frees Anton 's throat from Satan 's tongue and kiss he . he do not move . ext . school parking lot - morning cop swarm the parking lot , question student . the door to the pool room be roped of with yellow crime scene tape . Captain tidwell survey the scene , pass a young cop take note as the girl and she boyfriend relate last night 's event ... boyfriend - - + and Satan just start laugh . so then my man say '' laugh it up , fucko " and he grab Satan by the . . . Captain tidwell pass Anton 's knife , bag and tag on a nearby table with bit of stump - gore cling to it . he step over the yellow tape and into the pool room . 104 int . pool . room -- same a bunch of cop be hard at work . the freeze-whiz , now unplugge , still rest at the bottom of the pool , but the water be once again liquid . Satan be nowhere to be see . - a sergeant look up from dusting the freeze - whiz 's plug for fingerprint . sergeant Sir , I can not . find any print of that skeletal hand everyone keep talk about . most of the print belong to that kid , Anton . captain tidwell ( mutter to himself ) skeletal hand , Satan ... ( to sergeant ) I want the content of that punch bowl analyze for lsd immediately . I have a pretty good idea what happen here . int . hospital room ~ day Molly and a doctor stand over Anton 's bed . Anton 's in a full body cast . his eye be open but unmove , staring at a point beyond the Doctor . doctor I be sorry to have to tell you this , Molly , but it do not look good . you boyfriend sustained serious brain damage . molly can he hear I ? doctor doubtful . and if he could , we would never know . he 's paralyze from the forehead down molly ( touch Anton 's forehead sadly ) I can not believe it . doctor ( put a consol arm around she ) we be do all we can . io the Doctor usher Molly from the room , revealing the point where Anton be stare : a tv hang from the ceiling . anton's Pov : F - troop be on . int . hospital hallway - same the Doctor lead Molly down the hall . a orderly wheel a cart of surgical tool past they . molly be there any chance he will recover ? doctor ( gently ) I would not get my hope up . seemingly without she knowledge , Molly 's hand reach out and pilfer a extremely sharp scalpel . from the cart . she hold it behind she back . molly I appreciate you cut to the truth , Doctor . int . anton's hospital room - same a nurse enter the room . she look at F - troop on the tv and then back at Anton . she wave a hand in front of Anton 's face . he do not blink . the nurse shrug and snap off the tv. close on Anton 's horrify eye . : anton ( vo ) Fucking figure . fade out