if beale STREET could talk written by Barry Jenkins adapted from the novel by James baldwin February 3 , 2014 jewerl keat Ross caa silent R management 424-288-2000 323-852-6830 first , over black , before anything else , we hear ... '' of course , I must say I do not think America be God 's gift to anybody .... if it be , God 's day have get to be numbered . " fade in : +.+. on a young man and young woman , both black , both twenty , both smile . it would be twilight , the sound of the city wind down around this couple , nothing but they footstep and the mute hum of this quiet street . young man you ready for this ? young woman yes . ( and ) ai not nothin’ else in the world I be more ready for . and as they draw closer , lock in a kiss ... ... the sound of metal clanging , of foot shuffle and mens 's voice fill a tinny room ... int . new york CITY correctional facility - day the same young couple eyeing each other across glass , the young man on the one side in the jail smock with tired eye , on the other , a thin pretty girl , a gentle wonder about she . this be tish ( 19 , black , warm ) , the voice hear " before anything else '' and alonzo '' fonny '' hunt ( 22 , also black , breakable ) . tish alonzo ... fonny 's eye start at the sound of he proper name , something sharp , a warning in its use : she never call he alonzo . tish alonzo ... we be go to have a baby . fonny go blank , completely blank as that news wash over he , just across that glass and yet , instantly so far away from here . tish I be glad fonny , I be glad . do not you worry . freeze frame : .»».on fonny 's face , still freeze in contemplation , the look of a life change . '' I should have say already : we be not marry . that mean more to he than it do to I , but I understand how he feel . fonny be twenty - two . I be nineteen . '' resuming : fonny close he eye , just a moment to himself , then : fonny you sure ? tish no . I be not sure , I be just try to mess with you mind . fonny smile now , come back to she : fonny what we goin 's to do ? tish well ... we be not goin’ to drow it . so I guess we will have to raise it . fonny throw he head back , a big , shocking laughter , a joy in he face initially unfathomable : fonny do you tell Frank ? tish not yet . fonny you tell you folk ? tish not yet . but do not worry about they , I just want to tell you first . fonny well , I guess that make sense . my daddy and ‘nem can not keep nothin’ to theyselves , better this way . fonny ( cont 'd ) ( and now ) a baby . something in this repetition carry fonny away from here , away to that place beyond tish . his eye cast down : fonny what you gonna do ? tish I be go to do just like I be do . i’1l work up to just about the last month . and then , mama and sis will take care for I , you be not get to worry . and anyway , we have you out of here before then . fonny you sure about that ? tish of course I be sure . I be always sure about that . a man come up behind fonny , do not even bother to touch he , from he dress , clearly a guard . fonny 's eye go down at the man 's presence , look through that glass again at he lover . his eye come back , that overwhelming smile again . tish match it , the two of they stand in unison on either side of the glass . fonny raise he fist to the glass . tish do the same . off tish watch fonny move away , disappear through a door on the other side ... int . tish 's home - day a simple harlem apartment , modest but expansive as far as this thing go , a proper live room , kitchen big enough to fit a small dining table . along a hall run perpendicular to the live room , three bedroom . tish sit before a steaming cup of tea , stare at the wispy steam rise off it . a beat , then ... ... the sound of the front door open , of footstep on wood flooring and ... voice ( 0.s. ) ( call out ) how you doin 's Little one ? a moment later , sharon ( early 40s but could pass for young ) enter , a shopping bag at she side . just in the way she look at she , tish 's mother . sharon how be he ? tish he 's just the same . he 's fine . he send he love . sharon good . you see the lawyer ? tish not today . I have to go on Monday , after work . sharon he be to see fonny ? tish no . a sigh from Sharon as she toss she hat to the couch , begin toward the kitchen . tish follow , track over to where Sharon place the shopping bag , begin unload its content to the cupboard . the two work in silence a moment , Sharon hum as she alternate the spray of water rinsing vegetable . tish mama ...? sharon yeah , lil 's bit ? tish not go further and Sharon not press . Sharon turn off the tap , turn and look at she daughter . watch she a long beat . a very slow realization . int . tish 's home , tish 's bedroom - day a simple bed and bed-side table , dresser - drawer at the foot of the bed with a oversize mirror atop it . heavy curtain in here . it 's day but cool and dark . Sharon put a hand to tish 's forehead , gentle . that same hand on tish 's shoulder now : sharon tish , I do not think you get nothing to cry about . ( and now ) you tell fonny ? tish I just tell he today . I figure I should tell he first . sharon you do right . and I bet he just grin all over he face . tish ( laugh ) yes. ( wipe a tear ) he sure do . sharon you must be - let 's see - you about three month go ? tish almost . sharon what you cryin’ about ? Sharon pull tish fully in , the curiosity over , all mother now . sharon now listen , you get enough on you mind without worry about be a bad girl and all that jive - ass shit . I sure hope I raise you better than that . if you be a bad girl you would not be sit on this bed , you have long be turn trick for the warden . tish pick she head up , wiping more tear , get herself back together : sharon now you and fonny be together right now , marry or not , be not for that damn white man . so , let I tell you what you get to do . sharon ( cont 'd ) you get to hold on to that baby , do not care what else happen or do not happen . you get to do that . can not nobody else do that for you . and we go to get fonny out . and that baby be the best thing that ever happen to he . it 's go to give he a whole lot of courage . ( beat ) be I get through to you ? tish yes , mama . sharon now , when you daddy and ernestine get home , we go to sit at the table together , and I will make the family announcement . I think that might be easier , do not you ? tish yes . Sharon rise from the bed . sharon take off they street clothes and lie down for a minute . I will come get you . Sharon open the door . tish mama ? sharon yes , tish ? tish thank you . sharon ( laugh ) I do not know what you thanking I for . I be you mama , be not I ? Sharon close the door behind she , leave tish in here alone . tish take off she coat and shoe , slowly , all that tiredness overtake she again . as she get she shoe to the floor ... ..+. the doorbell ring . from somewhere out there , we can hear Sharon yell , " be right there ! " before she answer the front door , however , she 's at this bedroom door again , a quick knock and she 's enter . sharon here . drink this . do you good . Sharon carry a small saucer , have a small water glass and a shot glass beside . Sharon take the brown liquid of the shot glass , pour it into the water . and then she 's go again , out that door , heel click along the hall that lead to the front door . from the sound of the banter , a man enter , in a good mood : man ( 0.s. ) forget my key , tish home yet ? sharon ( 0.s. ) she 's take a little nap inside . man ( 0.s. ) she see fonny ? sharon ( 0.s. ) yeah . she see he . she see the inside of the tomb , too . that 's why I make she lie down . man ( 0.s. ) what about the lawyer ? sharon ( 0.s. ) she go to see he Monday . sound of foot move throughout the house now , of the fridge door open and close . tish down she water and brandy . man ( 0.s. ) how much you think they damn lawyer be go to cost we before this thing over ? sharon ( 0.s. ) Joe , you know damn well be not no point in ask I that question . man ( 0.s. ) well . they sure get it make , the rotten motherfucker . sharon ( 0.s. ) amen to that . tish lie back on the bed , look up and into that curtain . somewhere out there , the sun set . as she rub she belly , let 's she thought wonder ... CUT to black . '' fonny use to go to a vocational school where they teach kid to make all kind of shitty thing ... " int . harlem vocational school - day - montage 1 see a '' slightly '' young fonny work at a table -saw , a raw piece of timber split down the trunk atop he work station . '' , .. like card table and hassocks and chest of drawer which nobody 's ever go to buy . '' int . harlem vocational school - night - montage 1 '' but fonny do not go for it at all and he split , take most of the wood from the workshop with he . " look out through the open shop -gate , a wear - out pickup truck illuminate in flash light beam as fonny wonder the empty shop floor . int . restaurant kitchen - night - montage 1 fonny wiping sweat from he face as the smoker fill the air . '' he start work as a short - order cook in a barbecue joint — so he could eat — and he find a basement where he could work on he wood and he be at we house more than he be at he . " int . basement apartment - day - montage 1 simple , at best seem a squatter 's refuge , a pallet in the corner of the room , a handmade dining table . '' fonny give mama one of he first sculpture . " in the center of the space , fonny work at two saw-horse , sand a suggestive piece . close on : the mantle , a small , wooden sculpture there of a naked man with one hand at he forehead and the other half hide he sex . '' the leg be long and wide apart and the whole motion of the figure be torment . it seem a strange figure for he to do , or , at least , it seem strange until you think about it . '' CUT back to : int . basement apartment - day - montage 1 fonny here work on that table - saw as before . '' you see , fonny have find something that he want to do , and this save he from the death that be wait to overtake the child of we age . and though it take many form ... " CUT to : still image series .+- period , still photography of the drug fuel , post - Civil rights era blight that will come to plague America 's inner - city for decade on end . '' , .. the death itself be very simple and the cause be simple , too : the kid have be tell that they be not worth shit ... and everything they see around they prove it . '' close still image : Gordon parke 's '' howl . '' end montage 1 . int . tish 's home , live room - night a woman we have not see before enter the apartment now , slender , taller , a few year older than tish but still young . this be tish 's sister , ernestine . ernestine where 's tish ? Sharon and joseph ( a little older than Sharon , a large , yet subtle presence ) over near the kitchen , Joe nursing a beer look in on he wife prepare supper . both they face open at the sight of ernestine . sharon she 's home . she 's lie down . ernestine set she purse down , continue over to ... the kitchen ernestine she all right ? 10 . sharon she 's tired . she go to see fonny . ernestine how 's he take it ? sharon take it . ernestine Lord , let I make myself a drink . you want I to cook ? sharon no . I will get into the pot ina minute . ernestine she see hayward ? sharon no . she 's see he on Monday , after work . ernestine you go with she ? sharon I think I better . ernestine yeah . I think so , too , I will call he from work , before you all get there . joseph you know ... tish say she think that lawyer want more money . ernestine daddy , we pay he he retainer , that 's why be not none of we get no clothes . and I know we get to pay expense , but he be not suppose to get no more money until he bring fonny to trial . sharon he say it 's a tough case . joseph shit . what 's a lawyer for ? 11 . sharon to make money . joseph you get that right . ernestine well . anybody talk to the hunt lately ? sharon they do not want to know nothing about it , you know that . Mrs. hunt and they two camellias be just in disgrace . and poor Frank be not get no money . ernestine well . let 's not talk too much about it in front of tish . we will work it out somehow . joseph shit . we get to work it out . fonny 's like one of we . sharon he be one of we . all head turn here at a bit of light out in the live room , the sound of footstep approach . a moment later and tish appear , hair mottle and cajole , just wake up : ernestine well hello there , baby sister . a kiss on the cheek and a hug between tish and ernestine : this too clearly love each other . sharon you want a 1il 's snack , tish ? tish no thank you , I be okay . sharon well alright then , if y’all want to eat , better get you behind out of my kitchen , this food be not go 's fix itself . come on now , take you business into the live room . 12 . tish and ernestine shuffle away from here , leave they mother to she kitchen . Sharon look to Joe there , the man shrugging a '' what have I do '' face : sharon do I come down to you job and watch you work ? Joe smile as Sharon turn away from he , all sly eye and persuasive hip as we CUT to ... a record needle ... lower deftly to the third cut on a pristine lp . int . tish 's home - night - later ernestine lowering that needle , a freshly light cigarette in she leave hand as something soulful and heavy overcome the room ( Nina Simone , etc . ) . the light dimme now , vibe change as ernestine look back at the family gather at the dining table , Joe , Sharon and tish , the remnant of dinner laid out before they . ernestine close she eye , sway to the rhythm as though somewhere else altogether : ernestine ( sotto ) sing to I Nina , sing . Sharon rise from the dining table as ernestine approach , get to collect dish as ernestine sit back to the table . Joe drift into the kitchen as well , the music pace everything . Sharon reach up to a obscure cupboard , just above the stove , kind of cupboard that 's rarely open . fetches a dusty , ornate bottle from there . joseph what you doin’ with that ? sharon what you think ? get the good glass . Sharon move back over to the dining table with tish and ernestine , set that bottle of french brandy to the table . ernestine 's eye go from Sharon 's to tish . ernestine 's eye ... smile . ernestine 's eye never leave tish . 13 . sharon ( at Joe ) you the man of the house , start pour . joseph ( faux accent ) but of course , Madame . Joe set a nice enough snifter before each of they , go around the table in turn and pour a little brandy into each . as he bend to pour tish 's ... sharon just a lil 's bit for tish , now . joseph alright , what 's the deal ? Sharon look to Joe , then at ernestine , then at tish . she smile at tish : sharon this ... be a sacrament . and no , I be not go crazy . we be drink to a new life . ( beat ) tish be gonna have fonny 's baby . the air heavy in here for a beat , no one move . Sharon reach a hand to Joe 's shoulder . sharon ( softly ) drink . Joe stare at tish , freeze in the moment of that news . tish stare back , hold he gaze , only openness . Joe put he glass down . then he pick it up again . he 's try to speak but he can not . a moment more of this awkwardness , then ... .+- a smile more sweet than bitter develop in Joe 's face . joseph that 's a hell of a note . Joe take a sip of he brandy , a good , deep swallow : joseph ai not you go to drink to the little one , tish ? 14 . tish nodd , take the lightest sip of that brandy , still rouse a cough in she , ernestine patting she on the back . joseph how long this be go on ? sharon about three month . ernestine yeah . that 's what I figure . joseph Three month ! ? tish since March . joseph while you two be run around look at place ? Joe ask this question as much to himself as to anyone else . the woman understanding , allow that question the proper space to drift out , refract . after a moment , after a few more long sip : joseph you sure you want this baby ? tish oh , yes , and fonny want it , too . it 's we baby , do not you see ? and it 's not he fault that he 's in jail , it 's not like he run away . ( plead ) and we have always be best friend , ever since we be little , you know that . and we would be marry now , if - if -- sharon you father know that . he 's only worried about you . joseph do not you go think I think you a bad girl , or any foolishness like that . I just ask you that because you so young , that 's all , and -- 15 . ernestine ( raise she glass ) un- bow you head sister . sharon to the newborn . joseph I hope it 's a boy , that have tickle old Frank to piece , I bet . ( a think grab he ) tish , do you mind ... if I break the news to he ? tish no daddy , I do not mind . ernestine ( with attitude ) I sure would like to be the one to tell they sister . sharon Joe , why do not you just call up and ask they all over here ? Hell , it 's Saturday night and it be not late and we still get a lot of brandy in the bottle . and now that I think about it , it 's really the best way to do it . Joe look to he wife , have already start for he coat , but ... consider Sharon 's proposal : joseph you know you right love , let 's get they over here . Joe turn down that long hall adjoin the bedroom . as he footfalls pad away , we stay here , with this woman listen to Joe on the phone down that hall . beat . Joe come back down that hallway now , re-enter the live room , take a seat at the one recliner in here : joseph Mrs. hunt ... be get dress . ( smile at tish ) come on over here , daughter . tish rise from she spot on the couch , move from mother to father , sit beside Joe , head rest to he shoulder : 16 . joseph you be a good girl , tish . I be proud of you . do not you forget that . ernestine she be not go to forget it . i’1ll whip she ass if she do . sharon but she 's pregnant ! a big , way deep down laugh from all of they at this , ernestine and Sharon both throw they head back . as the laughter subside ... ernestine shall we dress for Mrs. hunt ? another laugh now , something in the room spread . joseph look . we get to be nice , okay ? ernestine oh we will be nice ; Lord know we will be nice , you raise we right . it 's just you do not never buy we no clothes . but Mrs. hunt and they sister , they get wardrobe ! ai not no sense in try to compete with they . joseph I do not run no tailor shop . ernestine well who 's fault be that ? ernestine rub she father 's head playfully as she move on from the live room , Joe smile at she touch . head rest at Joe 's shoulder , eye linger across this room , tish appear to be somewhere else , lose in the drift : '' the very first time fonny and I make love be strange . '' ext . tish 's home - day - montage 2 Sharon at the top of the stair at tish 's stoop , fonny at the bottom of the step , tish between the two . '' it be the day he give mama that sculpture . '' 17 . ext . harlem , sidewalk - day - montage 2 tish and fonny move down the sidewalk , hand in hand . '' I dumped water over fonny 's head and scrubbed fonny 's back in the bathtub , in a time that seem so long ago . " angle on : fonny detail of he make he way along this walk , as strong as we have see he , dress in a red and black lumberjack coat , grey corduroy slack and heavy shoe . angle on : tish that same detail of she . '' I do not remember that we ever have any curiosity concern each other 's body . fonny love I too much . '' fonny take tish 's hand in he . '' and that mean that there have never be any occasion for shame between we . '' int . subway car - day - montage 2 just a beat this moment , this downtown train pack as they be bound to be . the couple stand , wedge into the corner of this train , oblivious to everything around they , tish fully lean into fonny 's embrace . just the shimmy of the train , that rock side to side . tish 's eye distinctly , noticeably stare at fonny 's lip , look up into they . as he part he lip to speak ... freeze frame : '' he be the most beautiful person I have see in all my life . " resuming : fonny continue whatever it be he 's say here , can not make it out above the howl of the track and chatter of the crowd . off fonny repeat himself ... and tish not respond , still lose in that lip ... ext . WASHINGTON square park - day - montage 2 the light fall , get on to dusk . 18 . fonny and tish move , slowly trace the path of this park , pass the wayfarer so integral to the charm of this place . somehow , the two not touch here : tish 's arm fold about herself , fonny 's hand clasped behind he back . fonny I have sleep in this park sometimes . ( off she look ) no , it 's not a good idea . fonny reach into he coat pocket now , retrieve a cigarette . gesture to tish : tish not right now , thank you . ( and innocently ) why do you sleep in the park ? fonny take a quick beat to get he cigarette light : fonny it be late . do not want to go home . do not want to wake up none of you neither . check 's tish 's response : clearly she 's never assume someone she love have have to sleep in this park . fonny but I get I a pad down here now . I will show it to you , you want to see it ? tish ( after a nod ) I would like that . this two still walk , circle a path around the park . fonny reach a arm out , pull she in close : fonny you all right ? tish yeah . fonny good. ( and ) you want to eat down here or you want to wait till we get back uptown ? 19 . fonny ( cont 'd ) or you want to go to the movie or you want a little wine or you want a little pot or a beer or a cup of coffee ? ( and , a smile ) or you just want to walk a little more before you make up you mind ? fonny 's grin now , warm and sweet , bring he arm back from around she and take she hand in he , swinging it like a little boy ; a happy little boy . end montage . int . tish 's home , front door - night the doorbell ringing , resounding throughout the apartment . seem no one 's here at first , then ... ..- ernestine appear , dress the same as before , do not bother to change . get to that door and ... ernestine Mrs. hunt , how do you do , only way to get to see you people be to call a emergency summit , now you know that be not right ? a hollow kiss on the cheek from mrs . hunt ( 50 but attempt to look young ... and it show ) . as she pass , reveal two young woman , similar to tish and ernestine in age . the girl move past ernestine with a look , something middle school about it all . come up behind they be frank ( 5as , handsome but tired ) . he and ernestine share a genuine hug , move together into ... the live room ..- enter the space and find a odd bit of domestic space : Sharon with a hand on she hip , watch from near the kitchen . Joe stand with tish in he embrace at he side . Mrs. hunt and she girl stand on the opposite side of the room , a semi-circle with they hand do various awkward thing . the hunt woman be all over - dress . frank so you see my big-head boy today ? tish yes . he 's fine . he send he love . 20 . frank they be not give he too hard a time , be they ? I ask you like that because , you know , he might say thing to you he will not say to I . voice ( 0.s8 . ) Lovers 's secret . tish 's eye cut to the source of that voice : adrienne , the older of the two hunt sister ( with sheila be the other ) , sit on the couch now , crossing she leg and fold that arm with a shit-eate smirk . tish well . he hate it , you can see that . and he should . but he 's strong . he will be alright ... but we have get to get he out of there . sheila if he have do he read and he study when he should have , he would not be in there . frank joseph what you know about it you -- you bring that six - pack man ? joseph or I get some gin and we get whiskey and we get some brandy . ai not get no thunderbird though -- ( and , to Mrs. hunt ) I be sure you lady will not mind ? mrs . hunt mind ? Frank do not care if we mind . sharon Mrs. hunt , what can I get you , sugar ? I can offer you some tea , or coffee ; and we get ice cream , and coca cola . ernestine yeah Mrs. hunt , I can make you a ice-cream soda . come on Sheila , you want to help I ? ( grab Sheila ) sit down mama , I and Sheila get it . 21 . Sharon take Sheila 's place now , Mrs. hunt have sit beside she daughter on the couch there : sharon Lord , the time sure fly . we be not hardly see each other since this trouble start . mrs . hunt do not say a word . I have be run myself sick , all up and down the bronx , try to get the very best legal advice I can find . I just pray and pray and pray that the Lord will bring my boy to the light . that 's all I pray for , every day and every night . a long pause from Mrs. hunt here , moment of reflection : mrs . hunt and then , sometimes I think that maybe this be the Lord 's way of make my boy think on he sin and surrender he soul to Jesus . sharon you might be right . the Lord sure work in mysterious way . mrs . hunt oh yes . now he may try you . but he be not never leave none of his child alone . sharon what you think of the lawyer ernestine find , Mr. hayward ? mrs . hunt I have not see he yet . ( defensive ) I just have not have time to get downtown . but I know Frank see he -- sharon what you think Frank ? frank ( shrug ) it 's a white boy who 's be to law school and he get they degree . I be not get to tell you what that mean : it do not mean shit . 22 . mrs . hunt you be talk to a woman . frank I be hip , and it 's a mighty welcome change . ( pause ) like I be say , it do not mean shit and I be not sure we be go to stay with he . on the other hand , as white boy go , he 's not so bad : he 's young and hungry , so he 's not as full of shit now as he may be when he 's full . mrs . hunt but I keep try to tell you , that it 's that negative attitude , you be so full of hate ! if you give people hatred , they will give it back to you ! every time I hear you talk this way my heart break for my son , sit in a dungeon which only the love of God can bring he out of . sharon he 's not talk hatred , maybeline . he 's just tell the truth . mrs . hunt I trust in God , I know he care for I . frank I do not know how God expect a man to act when he son be in a cage . you God crucify his son and be probably glad to get rid of he , but I be not like that . I be not hardly go out in the street and kiss the first white cop I see . but I will be a very loving motherfucker the day my son walk out of that hellhole , free . oh , I will be full of love , that day . Mrs. hunt put she head in she hand as Frank slowly cross the room again , sit near Joe at the dining table . adrienne Mr. Rivers , exactly what be the purpose of this meeting ? 23. adrienne ( cont 'd ) you have not call we all the way over here just to watch my father insult my mother ? tish why not ? it 's Saturday night . you can not tell what people will not do if they get bored enough . maybe we just invite you over to live thing up ? adrienne I can believe that you be that malicious ... but I can not believe you be that stupid . off tish , CUT to ... int . spanish restaurant - night at a table more to the side than the back — none of that shit — find fonny and tish , a continuation of they date begin in the previous '' montage 2 . '' fonny ( call out ) pedrocito , que pasa ? ¢é podemo tener algtin servicio , por favor ? tish look on wide -ey , have never see he speak Spanish . a server ( pedrocito , 20 ) approach , a smile on he face : pedrocito ( mock ) '' servicio , servicio . '' ( and at tish ) senorita , how may I help you , I be sorry you company tonight be less than desirable but this can not be help . fonny no se puede evitar , mis culo . laughter from the two of they : pedrocito oye , esta con una mujer , encantadora ! tish in heaven here , eye fix on fonny , rove from he to predocito and back . 24 . as the man continue they banter , jostling and joke like old friend , they voice drift off the soundtrack : '' I have never see fonny outside the world in which I move . I have see he with he father and he mother , and I have see he with we . " angle on : fonny ... face spread wide in a smile , look from predocito to tish and back , from pedrocito to we — right at we — he eye alight with some mixture of joy and pride . '' I have certainly never see he in the world in which he move . " CUT to : tish and fonny ... leave the restaurant , the meal finish , pedrocito and a few other Spanish man gather near the exit to see they off . as tish look on ... '' perhaps it be only now I be able to see he with I , for he be turn away from I , laugh ... but he be hold my hand . " as fonny lead tish out onto the sidewalk ... pedrocito ( call out ) a very good night sefiorita ! you be always welcome here . ext . ave a and ST . mark - night - moving the hold of hand , a know smile play about fonny 's face as he watch tish. anticipation . fonny tish .... tish yes ? fonny come and see my place , will not you ? tish but ... it 's late . 25 . fonny it be not far . tish look at he as they continue walk , study he face for a clue , then : tish okay , fonny . ( and again ) okay . int . tish 's home , live room - night - resuming ernestine and Sheila return from the kitchen carry platter of drink ; the smile on ernestine 's face be pure delight , the one on Sheila 's ? not so much . ernestine set down she tray , raise she glass : ernestine happy landing . everyone go quiet now . everyone ... wait and , in the space of this wait , everyone 's eye slowly , definitively draw themselves to ... tish all eye on tish , for once alone in the room , neither she parent nor ernestine beside she . tish rise , nervous hand run down she waist to smooth she dress . she take a step , just a small one , symbolic , toward Frank : tish I call this meeting . I have daddy ask you all to come over so I could tell you what I have to tell fonny this afternoon . Mrs . hunt set down she ice-cream float . Sharon take a sip of she gin and tonic . ernestine ... smile . tish ( deep breath ) what I have to tell fonny this afternoon be ... that fonny 's go to be a father . ( and ) we be go to have a baby . all at once in this room , several thing : Mrs. hunt 's eye leave tish , lowering , eye to the floor ; 26 . Frank and Joe turn to one another , hold each other 's gaze in silence ; Sheila and adrienne roll they eye in contempt ; Sharon and ernestine make eye contact , a wink , a sip . frank ( to Joe ) you and I ? we go to go out and get drunk . a huge laugh of joy from Frank , the clasp of hand between this two . frank ( at tish ) I be glad . do not you worry , I be mighty -- mrs . hunt and who be go to be responsible for this baby ? tish the father and the mother . Mrs . hunt stare , something smolder in she . frank you can bet that it will not be the Holy damn ghost . Mrs. hunt shoot Frank a look of disgust , then rise , begin slowly crossing the room : mrs . hunt I guess you call you lustful action love . I do not . I always know you would be the destruction of my son . the Bible say : '' put to death therefore what be earthly in you : sexual immorality , impurity , passion , evil desire and covetousness . '' ( and ) that child be borne of sin , the Holy ghost will cause it to shrivel in you womb . but my son will be forgiven . my prayer will -- womp ! from nowhere and everywhere , Frank here stand over Mrs. hunt have knock she senseless , sprawle to the floor . 27 . adrienne her heart ! frank I think you will find it 's still pump . but I would not call it no heart . Frank do not look remorseful , more sad than anything , sad over everything . frank Joe , let the woman take care of she and come on with I . Joe hesitate , still shocked by the violence : frank please man , come on . sharon go on with he , Joe . go on . ernestine move past Sharon , have a bottle of rub alcohol and a hand full of cotton ball . sharon go on . we do not need you here . Joe nodd at he wife in ascent , eye on Mrs. hunt as he round the live room , take he coat from a chair - back , a hand to Frank 's shoulder just ahead of he . the woman all watch as the man exit , the door slowly close behind they . come back to the live room , a undeniably potent image : this six woman alone now in this house , have bare witness to the past moment 's event . Mrs . hunt get to she foot slowly , free hand brace herself as she lower to the couch . tish that be a terrible thing you say to I . it be the most terrible thing I have hear in all my life . adrienne my father do not have to slap she . sheila she 's get a weak heart . 28 . sharon she 's get a weak head , the Holy ghost do soften y’all brain , child : do she forget it be Frank 's grandchild she be cursing ? I know some man would have cut that weak heart out of you body and gladly go to hell to pay for it . sheila I do not think you have the right to sneer at my mother 's faith . ernestine oh do not give I that bullshit , you so shame you get a Holy roller for a mother , you do not know what to do . you make I sick . adrienne you make I sick . maybe my mother do not say it exactly like she should have , but he do not have to -- tish my father do not hit my mother . sharon baby you mother a lot smarter than hers . adrienne and who do you funky nigger think you be ? she only ask one question : ' who 's go to raise this baby ? 's and who be ? tish be not get no education and God know she be not get nothin’ else . and fonny be not never be worth a damn , so who be go to take care of this baby ? tish I be , you dry up yellow cunt , and you keep on talk , I be go to take mighty good care of you . adrienne put she hand on she hip in response , in harlem a unmistakable challenge . ernestine pounce : ernestine adrienne ? baby ? May I tell you something , sweetie-pie ? 29 . ernestine put one hand very lightly against adrienne 's cheek . ernestine oh , sugar . from the very first day I laid eye on you fine person , I get hang up on you Adam 's apple . I be dream about it ; it 's delicious . I just can not tell , sweetie , if I want to tear it out with my finger ... or my tooth . it be a thing of beauty . and if you touch my sister , I be go to have to make up my mind pretty quick , so ... ernestine move away from adrienne , gesture at tish . ernestine ... touch she . go on , please . sheila I know we should not have come . I know it . ernestine my . I must have a dirty mind , Sheila . I do not know that you could even say that word . sharon ernestine . adrienne come on Sheila , let 's go . adrienne move and Sheila follow , the two of they help Mrs. hunt to she foot . mrs . hunt I sure hope ... ( dramatic sigh ) ... that you be pleased with the way you raise you daughter . Sharon just stare at Mrs. hunt here , say nothing , the whole thing a wonderful spectacle now : mrs . hunt my girl will not be bring I no bastard to feed , I can guarantee you that . 30 . ernestine that 's because will not nobody fuck ‘em . sharon ernestine ! Sharon cock she head now , finally perplex by all this . stare at Mrs. hunt a long moment : sharon but the child that 's come ... be you grandchild . I do not understand you , it 's you grandchild . what difference do it make how it get here ? the child be not get nothing to do with that ; do not none of we have nothing to do with that . mrs . hunt that child .... look from Sharon to tish , start for the door : mrs . hunt ( move ) that child .... tish and family watch as the hunt make they way out silently , everything different now . as we watch they go ... '' it 's astounding the first time you realize a stranger have a body . " int . bank STREET flat - night fonny and tish stand in this basement apartment . from they dress , a continuation of they dinner at the Spanish restaurant . '' the realization that he have a body make he a stranger . " we take the place in as tish do : a small , low room , but for a fireplace . just off the room be a tiny kitchenette and a bathroom . there 's a wooden stool and a couple of hassocks and a large wooden table and a smaller one . on the small table , a few empty beer can and on the large one , tool . the room smell of wood ; there 's raw wood everywhere . in the far corner , a mattress on the floor cover with a mexican shawl . fonny 's pencil sketches be pin on the wall . the only other item : a photograph of Frank . 31 . '' we be to spend a lifetime in this room . " fonny stand across the room from tish . she 's watch he ; they both know she 's watch he . fonny crossing to the palette there , take up that mexican shawl , walk over to tish , drape it over she head and shoulder . grin and step back : fonny I be damned , there 's a rise in Spanish harlem . tish smile , blush , girlish , how could she not ? fonny next week , I be go to get you a rise for you hair . just a foot of space between they , eyeing each other as they no doubt have many time before . something different about this time , though . fonny spell it out : fonny we be grow up now , you know ? tish nod , can not speak right now , too much go through she mind to get there . fonny and you have always be mine , no ? again that nod . fonny and you know ... that I have always be yours , right ? tish think , so much think right now : tish I never think about it that way . fonny think about it now . tish I just .... tish 's lip quivering now , whatever emotion this be it 's come upon she fast and heavy , push and pull : tish I just know that I love you . 32 . she 's cry now , fonny close the space between they , remove that shawl and pull she into he . fonny I love you too ... but I try not to cry about it . fonny laugh , a sweet laugh , a smile and then another kiss , harder this time , the passion of it remove that lightness . fonny ( serious ) I want you to marry I . ( at she shock ) that 's right . I be yours and you be mine and that 's it . fonny hold tish away from he now , a bit of space to take she in , to read she . she 's processing . fonny now , I have get to try to explain something to you . fonny lead tish ( gently ) over to he worktable : fonny this be where my life be , my real life . fonny pick up a small piece of wood . there 's the hope of a eye gouge into it , the suggestion of a nose . fonny this might turn out all right one day , it might not . I do not know a thing about it yet . he put it down again , very gently , look at tish with he little smile . fonny now , listen , I be not the kind of joker go to give you a hard time run around after other chick and shit like that . I smoke a little pot but I be not never pop no needle and I be really just a square , but .... fonny take a moment to gather he thought , look at she very quietly , very hard . 33 . fonny but ... I live with wood and stone . I get stone in the basement and I be work up here all the time and I be look for a loft where I can really work . so , all I be try to tell you be ... I be not offer you much . I be not get no money and I work at odd job , just for bread , because I be not about to go for none of they jive - ass okeydoke . and that mean that you go to have to work , too , and when you come home most likely I will just grunt and keep on with my chisel and shit and maybe sometimes you will think I do not even know you be there . but do not ever think that , ever . you be with I all the time , without you I do not know if I could make it at all , and when I put down the chisel , I will always come to you . I will always come to you , ' cause I need you , understand ? be that all right , tish ? tish yes . of course it 's alright with I . I love you . fonny not smile , instead just watch she , the openness of they eye here . he pull she in close , kiss she , with more feel than before . tish give herself over to he . fonny take she hand , lead she away from the center of the room , over to that palette . turn he back to it , sit on the edge before pull tish down to he , a bit awkward at first but settling in , she body at he foot , head at he lap . fonny caress she cheek , lean down over and kiss she , the heat between they mount . his hand find they way , undoing tish 's blouse , expose she , the shock of everything at first a start on tish 's face , then a agreement , a join . fonny pull tish onto the bed , undress she , carefully , gently , kissing she the whole way . she 's naked . fonny rise , scan the room and retrieve that shawl . move back to the bed , take a warm look at tish there , cover she with the shawl . disappear away from the room . 34 . beat ; a beat here with tish as she listen to fonny in the bathroom , the sound of he pissing , the toilet flush , quickly run water . a brief moment of quiet then ... fonny reappearing , fully naked , tish watch he as he cross the room , the full of he as he move through the space , approach the one lamp in this room and ... darkness .-- but not black , the street light through the window there , a generous angle in this basement apartment , a mute quality to the light , just enough to make they out . fonny slip beneath the shawl with tish , he body atop hers but bear he own weight . look down to she : fonny now do not be scared . ( and ) do not be scared . just remember that I belong to you . just remember that I would not hurt you for nothing in this world . you just go to have to get use to I . and we get all the time in the world tish meeting he eye , nodd without move . fonny look down at she now , down she body as he maneuver beneath that shawl : fonny do not be scared . hold onto I . off a clinch , guttural exhale from tish 's lip , she throat , she gut ... smash CUT to : int . bank STREET flat - night - moment later breath , all breath and pants and sigh from somewhere deep , a thirst for air to keep from drown in release . fonny hold himself just above tish , both shaking , both sweat , from the shape of tish 's back , everything tense , push to its limit . that shawl go now , wad in a ball in some impossible location away from they . fonny look down at the space between they naked body . he can be such a little boy , that guilty smile : 35 . fonny ( sotto ) I be sorry to have make such a mess . but I guess you do not want to have no baby right away and I do not have no protection . tish ( whisper ) I think I make a mess too . be not there suppose to be blood ? ( a flash of shyness ) it be my first time . do you know ? from fonny 's endear look : of course he do . fonny ( sotto ) I have a hemorrhage . shall we look ? tish ( whisper ) I do not mind . ( and ) why be we whisper ? that smile again : fonny ( sotto ) it 's what people do when they screw . even tish not naive enough to go for that , smack he playfully , fonny laugh it away : tish I like lie here like this . fonny I do too . do you like I ? ( and ) I mean - when I make love to you - do you like it ? tish you just want to hear I say it . fonny that 's true . ( and ) so .... 36 . tish so what ? fonny so why do not you go ahead and say it ? fonny kiss she . clearly he 's a man in love . tish well ... it be a little bit like be hit by a truck ... ( and ) -..- but it be the most beautiful thing that ever happen to I . a long , silent beat , then ... fonny yeah . ( and ) for I , too . int . subway car - night despite the lack of a crowd , fonny and tish stand at the center of this car , wedge against one another , fonny hold , protect tish . ext . tish 's home - day ( dawn ) fonny and tish arrive on she stoop , hand in hand , the sun rise over harlem . we see this quick beat as tish describe they : '' TI think fonny would leave I there , but he take I by the hand and say .... " fonny , directly at we , all mouth and lip : fonny come on . CUT to : tish 's front door open ..- ernestine reveal there , a initial look of recognition follow by ... a know smile . 37 . int . tish 's home - day still in this threshold , ernestine just within , tish and fonny just beyond . ernestine you be just in time for coffee . tish fonny we be -— good morning , miss Rivers , I be sorry we comin’ in so late . can I speak to Mr. Rivers , please ? it 's important . this two stand side by side , hand in hand , a unit . that smile in ernestine 's eye again : ernestine it might be easier to see he if you come inside out that hall . tish sis , we -- fonny -- want to get marry . both ernestine and tish look at fonny with wild eye , he heart racing , that blurt out , force its way out of he : ernestine then you better have some coffee , come on in here . ernestine turn , lead the two of they into the apartment . from somewhere inside : sharon ( 0.s. ) now where have you two be ' till this hour of the morning ? CUT to : the kitchen ..- ernestine at the dining table nursing a cup of coffee , Sharon at the pot prepare another , by the look of thing prepare quite a few . as fonny and tish edge closer : 38 . sharon do not you know better than to be behave like that ? I declare , we be just about to call the police . Sharon look across the kitchen at ernestine , the two exchange a look that make this clear : they be not upset , have a good time with this . that lose on fonny though , he 's nervous as hell : fonny I be sorry Mrs. Rivers , it 's all my fault . tish inching closer to fonny , right on he hip ... fonny I have not see tish for a few week and we have a lot to talk about ; I have a lot to talk about , I keep she out . sharon talk ? ... tish inching away from fonny . fonny ( nervous ) we .... the room dead quiet . in Sharon 's eye , expectation : fonny we ... want to get marry . ( all downhill now ) that 's how come I keep she out so late . I love tish . that 's why I stay away so long . I even .... ( look to tish , a pain ) ... I even go to see other girl and , I do all kind of thing , to kind of get it out of my mind . ( check tish : still down ) but I could see I be just fool myself . I do not love nobody else but she . and then I get scared that maybe she have go away or somebody else would come along and take she away and so I come back . ( squeeze she hand ) I come runnin’ back . and I do not have to go away again . 39 . fonny ( cont 'd ) she 's always be my girl , you know that . and ... I be not a bad boy . you know that . and you be ... you be the only family I have ever have . a long , pronounce silence . sharon now see , that 's why I can not figure out why you callin’ I Mrs. Rivers all of a sudden . ( and at tish ) I hope you realize , miss , that you be not but eighteen year old . ernestine that argument and a subway token will get you from here to the corner . sharon ( at ernestine ) what do you think about all this ? ernestine I ? I be delighted to be rid of the little brat . I never could see what all the rest of you see in she , I swear . take some sugar fonny , you be go to need it if you intend to tie yourself up with my sweet little sister . sharon ( call out ) Joe ! come on out here , lightning 's do strike the poorhouse ! come on now , I mean it ! fonny take tish 's hand , as much to protect himself as to comfort she . sound of Joe approach , tish and fonny open they stance to face he . joseph ( measure ) I would like you to tell I exactly what you mean young lady by walk in here this hour of the morning . if you want to leave home , then you leave home , you hear ? but as long as you in my house , you get to respect it . you hear I ? 40 . Joe 's gaze shifting to fonny . fonny immediately release tish 's hand , take a deep breath : fonny Mr. Rivers , please do not scold she . it 's all my fault , sir . I keep she out . I have to talk to she . I ask she to marry I . that 's what we be do out so long . we want to get marry . that 's why I be here . you be she father . you love she . and so I know you know - you have to know - that I love she . I have love she all my life . you know that . and if I do not love she , I would not be stand in this room now - would I ? I could have leave she on the stoop and run away again . I know you might want to beat I up . but I love she . that 's all I can tell you . Joe look at the boy , that same poker face as Sharon : joseph how old be you ? fonny I be twenty - one , sir . joseph you think that 's old enough to get marry ? fonny I do not know sir , but it 's old enough to know who you love . joseph you think so ? fonny I know so . joseph how you go to feed she ? fonny how do you ? Joe 's jaw tightening . ernestine push a cup of coffee in he direction . 41 . joseph you get a job ? fonny I load move van in the daytime and I sculpt at night . I 'ma sculptor . we know it will not be easy . they stare at each other again . Joseph pick up he coffee without look at it , sip it without taste it . joseph now , let I get this straight . you ask my little girl to marry you , and she say -- fonny yes . joseph and you come here to tell I or to ask my permission ? fonny both , sir . both man measure each other . Joe put he coffee down . joseph what would you do in my place ? fonny I would ask my daughter . if she tell you she do not love I , I will go away and I will not never bother you no more . Joe look hard at fonny , a long look , as though he want to knock fonny down , as though he want to take he in he arm . joseph ( at tish ) you love he , tish ? tish yes . ( and ) yes , yes , yes , yes , yes . Joe look from fonny to tish , the two of they join hand , tish to the side of but just behind fonny , likely the first time Joe have ever see a man between he and he daughter . 42 . a weight , but lovely silence around the room . all of they slip into the inevitability of this moment as we ... CUT to black . and over black , super-impose a period specific case - file , frame within the frame against black : yellow paper with brown horizontal lining , a hand write police report . we see this text as tish narrate : '' Mrs. Victoria Rogers , née Victoria Maria San felipe sanchez , declare that on the evening of March 5 , between the hour of eleven and twelve , in the vestibule of she home , she be criminally assault by a man she now know to have be alonzo ' fonny ' hunt , and be use by the aforesaid hunt in the most extreme and abominable sexual manner , and force to undergo the most unimaginable sexual perversion . " CUT to : a still photo .-+. still this frame within the frame against black , a photo of Victoria Rogers , not crime related . dress simply , look right at we . a portrait . we will cycle through a series of this portrait as tish continue : '' I have never see she . I know only that a american -born irishman go to Puerto Rico six year ago and there , meet Victoria , who be then eighteen . he marry she and bring she to New York . " image 2 : Victoria and she irishman , stand in front of the New York courthouse . '' have pump three child out of she , he leave . '' image 3 : a simple establish image of orchard Street . '' her ' home 's be on orchard Street ; orchard Street , if you know New York , be a very long way from Bank Street . " image 4 : a establish image of Bank Street . '' orchard Street be damn near in the East River and Bank Street be practically in the Hudson . " image 5 / series : alternate still of orchard and Bank street to illustrate they distance from one another . '' it be not possible to run from orchard to Bank Street , particularly not with the police behind you . yet , Officer Bell swear he see fonny ' run ' from the scene of the crime . " 43 . image 6 : Rather than Victoria , a face we have not see before , a red-headed , blue -ey officer stare right at we . '' this be possible only if Officer Bell be off duty , for he " beat " be on the West side , not the East . " image 7 : fonny in cuff , be force into a squad car by the aforementioned Bell . '' and yet it be now up to the accuse to prove — and pay for prove — the irregularity and improbability of this sequence of event . '' end sequence . int . law office - day tish and Sharon sit beside one another in a very typical , very oak strewn law office . across from they , a man who 's name we have hear but not meet : hayward ( late 30 , white ) , fonny 's lawyer . hayward well , as you lady know , this be a very difficult case . tish that 's why my sister hire you . hayward and you be beginning to feel now that she confidence be misplace ? hayward smile through that : he get it . light a cigar . tish no . I would not say that . sharon we miss he , that 's all . this be ... it 's get to we . hayward I can certainly understand that , and I be do all I can to get he back to you just as fast as I can . but , as you lady know , the very great difficulty have be cause by the refusal of Mrs. Rogers to reconsider she testimony . and now she have disappear . 44 , tish disappear ? but ... sharon how can she just disappear ? hayward this be a very big city , a very big country , for that matter , a very big world . people disappear . I do not think that she have go very far , they certainly do not have the mean for a long journey . but she family may have return she to Puerto Rico . in any case , in order to find she , I will need special investigator , and -- sharon that mean money . hayward unfortunately .... tish ( sotto ) that filthy bitch . ( and again ) that filthy bitch . Sharon reach a hand to tish 's back : sharon how much money ? hayward I be try to keep it as low as possible , but special investigator be ... special , I be afraid , and they know it . sharon Puerto Rico . hayward we do not know that she 's return there , but it be a very vivid possibility . anyway , she and she new man disappear some day ago from the apartment on orchard st.. 45 . tish but do not it make it look bad for she story , to just disappear like that ? she 's the key witness in this case . hayward yes . but she be a ' distraught , ignorant , Puerto rican woman , suffer from the aftereffect of rape . so she behavior be not incomprehensible . 's ( beat ) you see what I mean ? hayward watch tish , make sure she get what he 's say . hayward and she be only one of the key witness in this case . you have forget the testimony of Officer Bell ; he be the really authoritative identification of the rapist . it be Bell who swear that he see alonzo run away from the scene of the crime . and I have always be of the opinion — you will remember that we discuss this — that it be he testimony which Mrs. Rogers continually repeat - — — tish if he see fonny at the scene of the crime , then why do he have to wait and come and get he out of the house ? sharon tish. ( and to hayward ) you mean — let I get you straight now — that it 's that Officer Bell who tell she what to say ? hayward exactly . tish you be say -- sharon that there 's no way of get at the truth in this case ? 46 . off both they nonpluss face : hayward if I do not believe in alonzo 's innocence , I would never have take the case . now , the two of you insist that you be together , in the room on Bank Street , along with a old friend , Daniel carty . you testimony , as you can imagine , count for nothing , and Daniel carty have just be arrest by the da 's office and be be hold incommunicado . I have not be allow to see he . hayward rise and pace to the window . hayward what they be do be really against the law , but ... Daniel have a record . they obviously intend to make he change he testimony . and , I do not know this , but I be willing to bet that that be how and why Mrs. Rogers have disappear . so . you see . I will make it as easy as I can . but it will still be very hard . sharon how soon do you need the money ? hayward I have begin the operation already of trace the lady . i’1l need the money as soon as you can get it . I will also force the da 's office to allow I to see Daniel carty , but they will throw every conceivable obstacle in my way -- sharon so we be try ... to buy time . int . new york CITY correctional facility - day fonny and tish across that familiar divide . fonny the fuck we go to do about Mrs. Rogers ? where the fuck do she go ? 47 . tish ( calming ) I do not know . but we will find she . fonny how you go to find she ? tish we be send people to Puerto Rico . we think that 's where she go . fonny and suppose she go to Argentina ? or chile ? or China ? tish how 's she go to get that far ? fonny they can give she the money to go anywhere ! tish who ? fonny the da 's office , that 's who ! tish fonny -- fonny you do not believe I ? you do not think they can do it ? tish I do not think they have . fonny how you go to get the money to find she ? tish we be all work , all of we . fonny yeah . my daddy 's work in the garment center , you be work in a department store , you daddy 's work on the waterfront -- tish fonny , listen - - 48 . fonny listen to what ? what we go to do about that fuck lawyer ? he do not give a shit about I , he do not give a shit about nobody ! you want I to die in here ? you know what 's go on in here ? you know what 's happen to I ? to I in here ? fonny 's head go down to that desk , have to hide the moisture we clearly see fall to the table - top before he , wipe as quick as it fall , gotta stay a man . fonny I be sorry , baby . I do not mean none of that for you . I be sorry . I love you . you know that , I be sorry . tish I do . and I understand what you goin 's through , I be with you baby . fonny nodd that in , convincing himself . that smile again . fonny how 's the baby come ? tish it 's grow . I will start show more next month . Eye each other across this glass , fonny try to hold it together , but ... fonny get I out of here , baby . get I out of here , please . tish I promise , baby , I promise . fonny I be sorry I yell . I be not yell at you . tish ( a tear form ) I know . fonny please do not cry . please do not cry ... it 's bad for the baby . ( and a smile now ) fonny ( cont 'd ) make they skin all wrinkle , come out lookin’ like a old man , be givin’ birth to a baby Red foxx . 49 . something between a laugh and a cry at that , tear and the laugh at once : fonny that 's right , give we a smile . tish wiping another tear , compose herself , a nice smile : tish be that all right ? fonny you can do better than that . tish stick out she tongue , crossing she eye . tish be this better ? fonny yeah , you nut , give we a kiss . tish 's palm to she lip , place flat against the glass . fonny meeting it with he palm , then carry it back to he lip . fonny you still love I ? tish I will always love you . fonny I love you , baby . I miss you . I miss everything about you , I miss everything we have together , everything we do together , walk and talk and make love ; baby , get I out of here . tish I will . hold on . fonny I promise . you take care of yourself out there . tish I will fonny , you know I will . 50 . fonny raise he fist to the glass , tish meeting it . CUT to black . '' fonny have be walk down seventh Avenue when he run into Daniel . they have not see each other since they day at the vocational school . '' ext . seventh avenue - day fonny and the aforementioned daniel stand on the sidewalk . a lot of laugh and high - five from the two but we do not hear any of it , instead , tish 's narration : '' time have not improve Daniel . " angle on : daniel '' he be still big , black , and loud ; at the age of twenty - three , a little older than fonny , but he be already run out of familiar face . so ... they grab each other on the avenue . '' daniel wow ! what 's happenin 's ? fonny why you ask I , man ? daniel because , like the man say about mt. everest : ' you be there . 's fonny laugh at that , we can quickly tell he love this cat . fonny come on . we get some beer at the pad . you remember tish ? daniel skinny little tish ? fonny yeah . she 's still my girl . we go to get marry , man . come on and let I show you the pad . and she will fix we something to eat , I tell you we get beer at the house . fonny throw a hand behind Daniel 's neck jovially . 51 . '' and though he certainly should not be spend the money , he push Daniel into a cab and they roll on down to Bank Street : where I be not expect they . " int . bank STREET flat - day tish look on with surprise as fonny and Daniel push into the apartment still laugh they ass off . jump CUT to : moment later Daniel and tish exchange hug of greeting , fonny gesture and explain this run in but , again , we hear none of it , instead : '' but I could not be indifferent to Daniel because I realize , from fonny 's face , how marvelous it be for he to have scoop up from the swamp water of he past , a old friend . " CUT to : ext . bank STREET —- day - moving move with tish as she walk along the sidewalk , shopping bag at she shoulder . CUT back to : int . bank STREET flat - day Daniel and fonny with fresh beer before they . a record player go , Les mccann 's " compare to what '' play as the two squat on the floor . daniel ( both wishful and mock ) so , you really go to get marry ? fonny well , yeah , we look for a place to live ; we look for a loft because that do not cost no whole lot of bread , you know , and that way I can work without tish be bugge to death . this room be not big enough for one , be not no question about its be big enough for two , and I get all my work here and in the basement . fonny roll a cigarette as he speak : 52 . fonny they get loft stand empty all over the East side , man , and do not nobody want to rent they , except freak like I . and they all fire trap and some of they be not even get no toilet . so , you figure like find a loft be not go to be no sweat . he light the cig , take a drag , and hand it to Daniel . fonny but man , this country really do not like nigger . they do not like nigger so bad , man , they will rent to a leper first , I swear . Daniel drag on the cigarette , hand it back to fonny , who drag on it , take a sip of he beer and hand it back . fonny sometimes tish and I go together , sometimes she go alone , sometimes I go alone . but it 's always the same story , man . and now I can not let she go alone no more because , dig , last week we think we have we a loft , the cat have promise it to she . but he have not see I . and he figure a black chick by herself , way downtown look for a loft , well , he know he go to make it with she . he think she 's proposition he , that 's what he really think . and she come to tell I — just so proud and happy — and we go on over there . and when the cat see I , he say there 's be some great misunderstanding , he can not rent the loft because he 's get all this relative come in from rumania like in half a hour and he get to give it to they . shit . and I tell he he be full of shit and he threaten to call the cop on my ass . fonny look away , up at that small window look up out at the sidewalk from this low vantage : 53 . fonny ( to himself ) I be really go to have to try to figure out some way of get some bread together and get out of this fuck country . daniel how you go to do that ? fonny I do not know yet . ( beat ) tish can not swim . fonny and Daniel whoop and rock with laughter . after a moment : daniel ( soberly ) maybe you could go first . fonny Nah . ( and ) I do not think I want to do that . I would be too scared . daniel scare of what ? a long , long beat . the cigarette and the record be finish . there 's nothing to hide behind . fonny just scared . daniel scare of what might happen to tish ? fonny yeah . ( then ) scare of what might happen to both of we - without each other . like tish be not get no sense at all , man , she trust everybody . she walk down the street , swinging that little behind of hers , and she 's surprised , man , when some cat try to jump she . she do not see the world like everybody see it . 54 . and silence fall again , Daniel watch fonny : fonny I know I might seem to be a weird kind of cat . but I get two thing in my life , man - I get my wood and stone and I get tish . if I lose they , I be lose . I know that . you know , whatever 's in I I do not put there . and I can not take it out . daniel I do not know if you so weird . I know you lucky . I be not get nothing like that . can I have another beer , man ? fonny Hell yeah you can . fonny up and over at the icebox , open two more can . hand one to Daniel , Daniel take a long swallow , go dark : daniel I just come out the slammer , baby . two year . they say — they still say — I steal a car . man , I can not even drive a car , and I try to make my lawyer - but he be really they lawyer , dig - prove that . and , anyway , I be not in no car when they pick I up . but I have a little grass on I . I be on my stoop . and so they come and pick I up , you know , it be about midnight , and they lock I up and then the next morning they put I in the lineup and somebody say it be I steal the car , that car I be not see yet . and so , you know , since I have that weed on I , they have I anyhow and so they say if I would plead guilty they would give I a lighter sentence . if I do not plead guilty , they would throw I the book . well ... ( sip that beer ) ... I be alone , baby , be not nobody , and so I enter the guilty plea . two year ! Daniel lean forward , get closer to fonny . 55 . daniel but , then , it sound a whole lot better than the marijuana charge . he lean back and laugh and sip he beer , look at fonny . daniel two God damn year ! fonny by the ball . the loudest and longest silence , then : daniel yeah . later ..- fonny and Daniel still sit on the floor , but they countenance shift , suspend along the path run from apathy to defeat . int . bank STREET flat - day - later tish in the kitchenette there , prepare a meal as fonny and Daniel continue they talk in the main room . fonny how long you be out ? daniel about three month . ( and ) man , it be bad . very bad . and it 's bad now . maybe I would feel different if I have do something and get catch . but I do not do nothing . they be just play with I , man , because they could . and I be lucky it be only two year , you dig ? because they can do with you whatever they want . whatever they want . and they dog , man . I really find out , in the slammer , what malcolm and they cat be talk about . the white man 's get to be the devil . he sure be not a man . some of the thing I see ... I will be dream about until the day I die . fonny put one hand on Daniel 's neck . 56 . fonny that 's alright , man . you out now , it 's over , you young . daniel man , I know what you be say . and I appreciate it . but you do not know , the worst thing , man , the worst thing , be that they can make you so fuck scared . just ... scared , man . tish in that kitchen , clearly listen to the whole thing , right in here with they . tish ( call out ) you cat hungry ? fonny ( 0.s. ) ( joke ) yeah , we starvin’ . move it ! int . bank STREET flat - night - later the three of they catch mid-laugh , gather around the lone wood table in this space . a few open bottle of beer about . and little tish have make a feast : rib and cornbread and rice , gravy and green peas . daniel it 's nice to see you , tish . you sure be not gain no weight , have you ? tish you hush . I be skinny because I be poor . daniel well , I sure do not know why you do not pick yourself a rich husband . you be not never go to gain no weight now . tish well , if you skinny , Daniel , you can move faster and when you in a tight place , you get a better chance of get out of it . you see what I mean ? 57 . daniel you sound like you get it figure . you learn all that from fonny ? ( at fonny ) maybe she can not gain no weight , but you sure will . you folk mind if I drop by more often ? fonny feel free . ( wink at tish ) tish be not very good look , but she can sure get the pot together . tish I be happy to know I have some use . tish curling she lip at fonny across the table . he smile , start chew on a rib . they all do , let the talk subside for a beat as they enjoy this meal , then ... .+.- fonny and tish lock eye across the table , absent Daniel , away from Daniel and ... '' in complete silence , without move a muscle , we be laugh with each other . we be together somewhere where no one can reach we , join . " angle on : tish and fonny .-- alternate , both of they look directly at_us as tish continue : '' we be happy , even , that we have food enough for Daniel , who eat peacefully , not know that we be laugh , but sense that something wonderful have happen to we ... which mean that wonderful thing happen ... and that maybe something wonderful will happen ... to he . '' CUT to black . and over black , the sound of footstep , hollow and reverberate , as though echoing down a long , slender hall . as this footstep continue to sound ... ... a figure take shape , like shoulder , the silhouette of something . the entire image brighten now as , at the end of this hallway , a point of light emanate from the center . that shoulder approach the light , as they near it , another sound rise , most similar to a wail ; a child 's wail . 58 . the shoulder move with more purpose now , pick up speed , furiously attempt to reach that light . a wall of noise , the clatter of foot in this hallway , the ever present wail and , that point of light , no matter how fast we move or how loud that footstep , never grow closer , a infinite , futile scramble as ... smash CUT to : sharon ... stand above we , a wet towel in she hand , the look on she face one of concern . int . tish 's home , bedroom - night tish 's eye close , heavily asleep . but she body clinch with tension , hand grip at the sheet , foot kick atop the cover . a guttural , mute sound rise from tish 's chest as Sharon sit to the bed beside she , gently lay a hand to tish 's brow , caress she head . slowly , tish 's eye open , drift into consciousness . Sharon dab the wet towel at tish 's temple , look down at she lovingly : sharon I know I can not help you very much right now - God know what I would not give if I could . but I know about suffer ; if that help . I know that it end . I be not go to tell you no lie , like it always end for the better . sometimes it end for the worse . you can suffer so bad that you can be drive to a place where you can not ever suffer again : and that 's worse . Sharon set that towel down , take tish 's hand and envelop they in she own . sharon try to remember that . and : the only way anything ever get do be when you make up you mind to do it . I know a lot of we man have die in prison : but not all of they . you remember that . 59 . sharon ( cont 'd ) and you be not really alone in that bed . you get that child beneath you heart and we be all count on you , fonny 's count on you , to bring that child here safe and well . you the only one who can do it . but you be strong . lean on you strength . ( and ) you understand ? tish yes , mama . sharon be you all right now ? can you sleep ? tish yes . sharon I do not want to sound foolish . but remember , love bring you here . if you trust love this far , do not panic now , trust it all the way . Sharon lean down , kiss she daughter on the forehead . another caress with that towel then she rise , head for the door . turn off the light behind she as we ... CUT to : later .-. and brighter , tish waking in bed , have sleep through the night . int . tish 's home , kitchen - day tish dress now , ernestine already at the dining table thumbing through some paperwork , Sharon at the counter pour a cup of coffee as tish enter . ernestine ( without look up ) hey , Jezebel . tish stick she tongue out at she sister as she pass , come up behind Sharon and give she mother a hug . '' sis start call I Jezebel after I get my job at the perfume counter . she say ... " 60 . angle on : ernestine ernestine ( with a wick smile ) you smell like a Louisiana whore . int . 1 train , downtown - day - moving the first time we have see tish take the train by herself . crowd as the car be , she 's incredibly alone . and visibly pregnant . '' the store think that it be very progressive to give this job to a color girl . " int . lord and taylors - day - moving enter hurriedly through the main show - floor with tish , pass she coworker — she white coworker — as she hustle to clock in ... int . lord and taylors - day - later tish a bit more '' make - up , '' stand behind the perfume counter . '' I stand behind that counter all day long , smile till my back tooth ache . " as we draw closer to tish , see the strain to keep that outward face ... '' and it be not only old white lady who come to that counter to smell the back of my hand . '' quick vignette : tish and a aforementioned Old White lady , tish 's smile false as the color of this woman 's wig . '' very rarely do a black cat come anywhere near this counter , and if he do , he intention be often more generous and always more precise . " quick vignette : tish at the counter , one of the aforementioned '' Black cat '' approach the perfume counter but not stop , move past it with a cautionary look throw tish 's way . '' perhaps for a black cat , I look like a helpless baby sister . and he do not want to see I turn into a whore . " quick vignette : tish behind the counter as a different '' Black cat '' approach , come right up to the counter . 61 . '' and yet some black cat come closer , just to look into my eye , to check out what 's happenin’ . and they never smell the back of my hand . '' quick image series : just as tish describe it ... '' a black cat put out he hand , and you spray it , and he carry the back of he own hand to he own nostril . " back to tish : at the counter as a plain , middle - everything white man approach . '' but a white man ? '' quick image series : just as tish describe it ... '' a white man will take you hand , he will carry you flesh to he nostril ... and he will hold it there . '' hold on this image , and on tish look without feel , a force smile to obscure , then ... '' he will hold it there for a lifetime . " int . columbus circle pub - day tish and ernestine together in a corner of this dive , tish still dress from work . kind of place where two woman want to be leave alone be afforded that wish . ernestine well do not you smell nice . off tish 's roll eye : ernestine you want the good news or the bad news first ? tish bad news . ernestine see that 's how you know we family . ( and ) bad news be , they find Mrs. Rogers , she 's in santurce , Puerto Rico . somebody 's gonna have to go there to talk to she . 62 . tish which we will have to pay for . a nod yes from ernestine . tish okay , what 's the good news ? ernestine that ... they find she , I guess ? tish how she get to Puerto Rico ? ernestine shrugging , a sip of she beer : tish I can not go to Puerto Rico . another look from ernestine , more bite : obviously . tish so hayward ? ernestine hayward 's get to deal with Bell and the da . anyway , you can see that , for many , many reason , hayward can not go . he would be accuse of intimidating a witness . tish but that 's what they be do -- ernestine it would take we until you baby be voting age to prove that . look , mama and daddy do not know , I have not talk to they yet , want to talk to you first . tish nodd at that , take it all in . she go cold : tish do you think she really be rape ? ernestine tish ... I do not know what 's go on in that ingrown mind of yours , but that question have no bear on anything . as far as we situation be concerned baby , she be rape . that 's it . ernestine take a sip of she drink . ernestine I think , in fact , that she be rape and that she have absolutely no idea who do it , would probably not even recognize he if he pass she on the street . I may sound crazy , but the mind work that way . she would recognize he if he rape she again . but then it would no longer be rape , if you see what I mean ? tish I see what you mean . but why fonny ? ernestine because he be present to she as the rapist and it be much easier to say yes than to try and relive the whole damn thing again . this way , it 's over for she . except for the trial . but then ... it 's really over , for she . tish and for we , too ? ernestine no . not even . it will not be over for we . 63 . tish take a beat before this next part , fix ernestine in she sight : tish what about Puerto Rico ? ernestine that 's one of the reason I want to talk to you . before we talk to mama and daddy . look . you can not go , no way you can . for one thing , without you , fonny will panic . I do not see how I can go , I have get to keep lighting firecracker under hayward 's ass . daddy can not go , and God know Frank can not go . that leave mama . tish mama ? a nod from ernestine : 64 . tish she do not want to go to Puerto Rico . ernestine and she hate plane . but she want you baby 's father out of jail . she will go . tish and what do you think she can do ? ernestine she can do something no special investigator can do : she may be able to break through to Mrs. Rogers . maybe not , but if she can , we be ahead . and if not , well , we have not lose anything , and at least we will know we have try . tish and what about Daniel ? Daniel can vouch for we , Daniel know fonny be with he . ernestine I tell you . hayward be see he tomorrow . he may have be able to see he today . tish nodd it all in , confirm it all in she head . tish some shit . ernestine yeah . but we in it now . ext . columbus circle pub - day tish and ernestine on the corner here , ernestine throw a arm around tish , the kid sister lean into she . they begin down the sidewalk this way , support one another . as they reach the corner , the sister turn but ... ... we continue across the intersection , move along the crosswalk over lane of traffic . across this intersection , another pub there , as much a dive as the one we have just leave . as we near it , its open door invite we into ... 65 . int . 8 th ave bernie 's - day - moving - continuous drifting through this place , lot of regular at the bar nursing sad drink . as we take it all in , a pair of familiar face appear there in the back : Joe and Frank , each nursing what appear to be rock up whiskey . frank what we go to do ? joseph well , the first thing we get to do be to stop blame ourselves . if we can not do that , man , we will never get the boy out because we will be so fuck up . and we can not fuck up now , baby , and I know you hear where I be come from . frank I hear that but man , what we go to do about the money ? joseph you ever have any money ? Frank look up at he and say nothing , merely question he with he eye . joseph you ever have any money ? frank no. joseph then why you worried about it now ? Frank look up at he again . joseph you raise they somehow . you feed they somehow , do not you ? if we start to worry about money now , man , we go to be fuck and we go to lose we child . that white man , baby , he want you to be worried about the money . that 's he whole game . but if we get to where we be without money , we can get further . 66 . joseph ( cont 'd ) I be not worried about they money -- they be not get no right to it anyhow , they steal it from we -- they be not never meet nobody they do not lie to and steal from . well , I can steal , too . and rob . how you think I raise my daughter ? shit . but Frank be not Joseph . he stare down again , into he drink . frank what you think be go to happen ? joseph what we make happen ! frank that 's easy to say . joseph not if you mean it . there be a long silence into which neither man speak . even the jukebox be silent . frank I guess ... I love fonny more than I love anybody in this world . and it make I ashamed , man , I swear , because he be a real manly little boy , be not scared of nothing , except maybe he mama . he do not understand he mama . and I do not know what I should have do . I be not a woman . and there 's some thing only a woman can do with a child . Frank sip he drink , try to smile . frank I do not know if I be ever any kind of father to he — any kind of real father — and now he 's in jail and it be not he fault and I do not even know how I be go to get he out . I be sure one hell of a man . joseph well , he sure think you be . he love you , and he respects you ; now you get to remember that I might know that better than you . 67 . joseph ( cont 'd ) tell you something else : you son be the father of my daughter 's baby . now , how you go to sit here and act like can not nothing be do ? we get a child on the way here , man . you want I to beat the shit out of you ? he say this with ferocity but , after a moment , smile . joseph now I know some hustle and you know some hustle and this be we child and we get to set they free . so , let 's drink up man and go on in . we get a whole lot of shit to deal with in a hurry . CUT to black . '' the date for fonny 's trial keep change . this fact , of course , force I to realize that hayward 's concern be genuine . " int . hayward 's office - day - montage 3 hayward stand behind he desk , look down on stack upon stack of paperwork . '' I do not think that he very much care in the beginning . he would never take a case like fonny 's before , but once into it , the odor of shit rise too high ; he have no choice but to keep stir it . " int . bar at the ritz carlton - day - montage 3 hayward caress a snifter of cognac surround by other lawyer type , a good old boy feel to it ... with hayward appear out of place . '' it become obvious at once , for example , that the degree of he concern for he client place he at odd with the keeper of the key and seal . " angle on : hayward '' he have not expect this and at first it bewilder ... then frighten and angere he . " int . tish 's home - night - montage 3 the family engage in what appear to be a spirite discussion , inaudible the whole of it , all tish : 68 . '' it do not help that I distrust he , ernestine harangue he , mama be laconic and , for Joseph , he be just another white boy with a college degree . " int . subway car - day - moving - montage 3 tish look substantially more pregnant than we have see she previously . '' and so ... mama begin let out my clothes and I go to work wear jacket and slack . " int . upper west side apartment - day - montage 3 ernestine sit before a well appoint desk in the foyer of the most monied domicile we ’1ll see all film , a young , pretty white woman pace before she . '' ernestine have take a second job as part-time secretary to a rich and eccentric actress whose connection she intend to intimidate and use . " CUT to : split screen : the dock on one side , the garment district on the other . '' and Joseph and Frank be coldly , systemically steal from the dock and the garment center , sell the hot goods in harlem or in Brooklyn . " ext . harlem side STREET - day - montage 3 Frank and Joe stand at the rear door of a van we have not see before , the two of they in conversation with other man as they gesture into the bed of the van . '' they do not tell I any of this , of course . but I know it . I know it . '' CUT to black . and over black , a new SOUND rise , like the city through a window , distant and present at once . '' I remember the night the baby be conceive . it be the day we find we loft . '' int . canal STREET loft - day fonny and tish with a third man we have not see before ( levy , tall , lanky , white ) . 69 . '' it be off Canal Street and it be big and in good condition . '' quick image : levy show tish and fonny the loft . '' there be a room for fonny to work and , with all the window open , you would not die of heat stroke in the summer . " quick image : tish and fonny with levy gaze out over the city from the industrial roof of the place . '' levy only want one month 's rent for deposit . when he tell we , I think fonny would have a heart attack . '' ext . canal STREET - day - moment later the three of they spilling onto the sidewalk . tish instinctively take fonny 's hand as levy size they up . levy do not worry about the neighbor . after five or six o'clock , you will not have any . all you get down here be sweatshop ; place on the ground floor be legit . ( and ) any question ? levy look from tish to fonny , expectant . the two of they dumbfounded , no tell how many place they have see at this point , none of they yield this result . fonny what 's the catch ? levy how you mean ? fonny pause a moment , debate , then ... fonny no offense levy , but we be lookin’ a long time . do not seem to I like it 's a reason for you to treat two negros so nice like , clearly we be not get a pot nor much of a drink to make piss with ; pardon my french . levy look away from fonny here , briefly at tish and then , for just a moment , at they hand join there . 70 . levy you get two week to make the deposit . after that , no promise . fonny pull tish into he side , the two of they lovely together . and from the look on levy 's face , fatherly , this loveliness exactly why the place will be they 's . levy keep in touch about get that deposit together , you hear ? a nod from fonny , earnest . fonny will do , levy . will do . ext . bleecker STREET - day - moving walk with tish and fonny , this path from soho to the Village . twilight out , the sun fall , that energy in the street when the day be end ; and peacefully . it would be a Friday , the feel of the eminent weekend and all that it promise . a quiet , lazy pace this two , tish lean into fonny as she 's wont to do . no place in particular to hurry to ; what else could possibly matter ? a beat of this walk then ... fonny stop ; no reason , just stop walk mid-stride . look to the ground , and then to the sky . throw he head back and shout , yell to the heaven . he 's still hold tish 's hand . and from the smile on he face , this be a joyous shout . tish look into he face , the smile now spread to she . not a word speak between they . without think , tish throw she head back as well , shout the same as fonny . that smile wider between they as they pick up they walk again , look from one to the other . tish catch fonny 's eye . throw she head back once more and , again , yell to the sky . fonny stop , take tish by the hand , pull she into he , a hand to she chin , speak softly : 71 . fonny you ready for this ? tish yes . ( and ) ai not nothin’ else in the world I be more ready for . fonny smile , big , bright , a child 's face . he be as happy as any man could be . they be walk again , approach a corner up ahead , a intersection with a small grocer on the corner . tish I be gonna grab some tomato for dinner . a delay from fonny , just watch she . leans over to kiss she on the forehead : fonny I be 'a grab I some smoke across the street . fonny split off , move into the crosswalk , a small cigar shop just across the way . we stay here with tish , continue on this little way , another ten foot and we be ... ext . vegetable stand - day - continuous tish stand near the entrance of this place , a selection of produce set just onto the sidewalk . she 's at the tomato stand , rummage through it when we hear : voice ( 0.s. ) I can sure dig a tomato who dig tomato . tish turn to that voice , find herself face to face with a small , greasy italian punk . his hand on tish , caress she behind . he lick he lip , smile . italian punk hey , sweet tomato . you know I dig tomato . 72 . and now people be watch . tish search they , look for help but people only stare , no one move . tish go to move past he , leave the tomato there but the boy grab she arm . instinctively , she slap he — bap ! — spit in he face . and at this moment , fonny enter the store , grab the boy by the hair , knock he to the ground and kick he something fierce . take he by the lapel and drag he out onto the sidewalk , toss he in the gutter . tish scream and , at first , we be not sure why , tish grab a hold of fonny and , oddly , turn she back to fonny 's chest , reach behind she and pull he close to she , he chin at the crown of she head . and then we see he : a uniform officer hurry across the intersection , eye flaring , billy - club at the ready . as he near , we recognize he : this be the aforementioned , blue-ey officer from tish 's remembrance , officer bell . tish hold the back of she head against fonny 's chest , both he wrist clutch in she two hand . tish ( to Bell , frantic ) that man there attack I . right in this store . right now . every - body see it . no one say a word . Bell look at they all , still stare but nobody speak . then he look back at tish . and fonny . there be no pity in Bell 's face . officer bell ( at fonny ) and where be you , while all this ... Bell 's eye drift over tish in exactly the same way the boy 's have ... officer bell .»- while all this be go on between junior there and you girl ? tish he be around the corner , buy cigarettes . 73 . officer bell be that so , boy ? tish 's body jerk as fonny 's hand clench in she grasp : tish ( sharp ) he 's not a boy , Officer . Bell take another look at tish and fonny as someone in the crowd get the italian punk to he foot . officer bell you live around here ? the back of tish 's head be still on fonny 's chest , but he 's release he wrist from she hand . fonny yes , on Bank Street . 1906 Bank Street . officer bell we be go to take you down , boy , for assault and battery . voice ( 0.s. ) oh no you be not . tish , fonny , Bell , everyone 's eye go to the shop now , a small , elderly italian lady stand there with one hand on she hip , the other point sharply at Bell : italian lady I know both this young people . they shop here very often . what the young lady have tell you be the truth . I see they both when they come , and I watch she choose she tomato and she young man leave she and he say he would be right back . I be busy , I could not get to she right away ; she tomato be still on the scale . and that little good - for-nothing over there attack she . what would you do if a man attack you wife ? if you have one . the crowd snicker . Bell flush . italian lady I see exactly what happen . I ama witness . and I will swear to it . 74 . officer bell funny way to run a business . italian lady you will not tell I how to run my business . I be on this street before you get here and I will be here long after you be go . the italian lady reenter the store and take tish 's tomato off the scale and put they in a bag . officer bell ( to fonny ) well ... .-- be see you around . fonny you may ... ..- and then again , you may not . a beat of this two hold eye as the crowd disperse . there 's a dark , heavy promise in this eye . it run both way . ext . bleecker STREET - night - moving tish and fonny head back the way they come . fonny hold the bag of tomato in the crook of one arm ; the other arm he entwine through tish 's . they walk slowly . fonny tish ... tish yes ? fonny do not ever try to protect I again . tish but you be try to protect I . fonny ( heavy ; quiet ) it 's not ... ... the same ... .-- thing . fonny take the bag of tomato ... and smashes they against the nearest wall . they make a beautiful , chiaroscuro mess of streaking red . but , mercifully , they hardly make a sound . 75 . the two of they stand apart now , fonny with he hand in he pocket , look down at he foot , disgust . tish with a hand cover she mouth , the other wrap about herself . fonny close the space , take she hand in he : fonny do not think I do not know you love I . you believe we go to make it ? tish embrace he , a hand to he cheek , a very full kiss . she draw back , start to say something , but ... he put a finger to she lip . smile he little smile . fonny hush . do not say a word . I be go to take you out to dinner . at we Spanish place , you remember ? tish nodd yes , hold he gaze . a beat of this , then ... int . spanish restaurant - night fonny and tish escort to they table in pedrocito 's restaurant , hold hand as they follow he . fonny we have no money , but we be very hungry . and I will have some money in a couple of day . pedrocito in a couple of day , that be what they all say ! and , furthermore , I suppose that you would like to eat sit down ! fonny why , yes , if you could arrange it , that would be nice . pedrocito ( over shoulder ) and now , no doubt , you would like two margheritas ? fonny ( as he sit ) caught I again . 76 . a wink and a laugh from pedrocito as he disappear into the rear of this place . fonny take tish 's hand atop the table there . all eye ; hold eye , speak with eye , loving with eye . and from this look , a plea , a promise , a thirst within ... CUT to : int . bank STREET flat - night fonny and tish on the palette , make love . no need for any detail beyond this : make love , make it all the way to and through the point of release , tish hold on to fonny , keep he here , keep he in . both they breath subside after the act , fonny 's mouth close at tish 's ear , all whisper and ... fonny tish . ( and ) oh tish . CUT to black . '' we be beginning to have a somewhat acrid dialogue , this thing and I . " int . tish 's home , kitchen - day tish stand at the stove , prepare a simple meal , by the look of she belly , very pregnant , a sign of the present . quick image series : just as tish describe it ... '' it kick , and I smash a egg on the floor . " angle on : egg hit the kitchen floor . '' it kick , and suddenly the coffeepot be upside down on the table . '' angle on : coffee spilling across the dining table , ernestine jump to avoid the burn as tish double over . '' it kick , and the perfume on the back of my hand bring salt to the roof of my mouth and my free hand weigh on the glass counter with force enough to crack it in two . " 77 . angle on : tish at the perfume counter , double over in pain as a coworker rush over . tish goddammit ! ( and sotto ) be patient . I be do the best I can . please . tish grip that perfume counter again , a guttural grunt . '' and then it haul off again , like Muhammad Ali , and I be on the rope . " int . tish 's home - night empty , at least visually so , just the furniture and a mute light from the kitchen hit the floor . that hallway run towards the bedroom directly before we , empty like the rest of this place . and yet , a sound echoing off the floor and wall here . distinct : it 's the sound of vomit . a beat more of this sound and then a toilet flush , run water . a moment later ... ... tish appear , clutching she stomach and forehead at once , approach down that hall , hold onto the wall as she go , move past we and turn for the dining table . sit and , within moment , Joseph appear from just inside the kitchen , have no idea he be there , set down a warm mug of something , a wedge of lemon and bottle of honey beside . he take a seat opposite she , watch as she squeeze the lemon into the water , hang she head over that cup a beat . his eye , all sympathy : he have carry it himself if he could . int . new york CITY correctional facility - day fonny alone at the glass this time , phone at the ready , look on as tish waddle across the room . fonny here she come ! Big as two house ! tish smile as she sit to a stool , one of the few instance she will not mind folk call out she weight . fonny you sure it be not twin ? or triplet ? 78 . fonny ( cont 'd ) ( shit eat grin ) shit , we might make history . fonny throw back he head at he own joke , laugh loud enough the sound travel through that glass . tish ( at she belly ) you daddy figure hisself a comedian . fonny calming , smile at he love . fonny you look good baby . tish thank you , honey . fonny better than anybody over here , do not care how big you get . tish well as soon as that be not the truth somethin’ wrong , you tell I ' cause I be outta here then . tish settles on she stool there , head lolling slightly to the side . she 's relaxed now . and in that relaxed state , take he in , see he better : tish how you doin’ , husband ? fonny I be good , wife . ( and ) you here now . I be all good now . you know I love you . tish you know I love you . a nod from fonny . tish no matter what happen with all of this sh -- tish 's hand go to the glass , palm flat , the stool scoot back as she lean forward , all she weight go there . 79 . fonny shocked , he hand go to the glass as he shoot upright , helpless . tish I be alright . fonny tish . tish I be okay . she look up , manage a smile , a smile streak through with pain and clipped breath . fonny 's hand still on the glass , be align perfectly with tish 's . hers remove now , always a lady : smoothing she hair , look to the guard who 's appear over she leave shoulder . tish ( at guard ) I be okay . ( and at fonny ) I be fine . fonny settling , something about this moment revelatory for he , the physical evidence of thing he have only assume before . if that . tish you alright ? fonny I ? I be not the one just get punch by a midget inside they belly . tish and fonny hold eye a beat . a second beat . a third beat , and , finally ... tish crack , a smile at the corner of she lip and then , a laugh , a hand to she belly to support the shaking and now , a all - out gutbuster of a laugh . fonny do the same on the other side of that glass , the two of they laugh so hard together the other around they , on both side of the glass , notice . the couple hold eye as the laugh subside , even as it fade the presence of it steady , all there in the line at the corner of they mouth , same smile they have exchange since bathing together as kid . 80 . hold here a beat , a noticeable beat . if they never have another moment , they will have have this . and like every moment , it will have all be worth it . CUT to black . '' mama get to Puerto Rico on a evening plane . " ext . san juan INTERNATIONAL airport - night a majestic , period - appropriate Pan - be jet freshly park off the runway , unload directly to the tarmac . dozen of traveler in some form of deplane , descend down portable stair . just a beat of this to recognize Sharon de-board amongst the other . int . san juan INTERNATIONAL airport - night from the first frame : loud , a cacophony of voice push a aggressive brand of Spanish in here . families and they many possession throughout this space , few people talk , everyone shouting . with she overly do - up clothes and hair , Sharon stick out , the darkest , most american figure in view . we find she at the front of a line , engage with a airport staffer . sharon do you speak English ? a smile from the staffer , friendly , but no answer . sharon I be sorry but I do not speak any Spanish and I have have to come here unexpectedly . and I do not drive , you see ? more silence from Victoria and , it must be note : for a black woman raise in the Jim crow South , this one of the few moment in Sharon 's life she can be say to emit privilege . sharon ( desperate ) you see ? airport staffer one moment sefiora . Sharon wait , watch as the girl round this hertz desk , move off into the throng . 81. watch she as Sharon do , we get a good look at the terminal : many people of various shade — and all atop one another , hard to breathe — with all the possession they could carry here stage without the promise of leave or go , just ... here . voice ( 0.s. ) sefiora ... Sharon turn , find the airport staffer approach , a shy , humble boy of about eighteen follow close . airport staffer this be Jaime , you driver , he will take you to you hotel , tell he . Sharon digging into she small clutch , retrieve a small piece of paper and hand it to the boy . he meet she eye . jaime it will be my pleasure , sefiora . int . jaime 's cab - night - moving Sharon in the backseat , stare out at this alien landscape , the sound of the paved but wear road beneath they . she and Jaime eyeing each other in the rearview , each of they on the sly . nervous , curious . finally : jaime it be okay , sefiora . you be safe with I . int . HOTEL del rico , suite - night Sharon 's suitcase atop the bed , its content spill over . take a moment to take it all in . reaches down and grab one item : a stylish , cotton club-esque hat . turn to the mirror behind she , size herself up , put on the hat . indifferent . Sharon take the hat off , come back to she reflection again . she 's think , consider . she put the hat on again . beat . int . HOTEL del rico , elevator - night - descending just a beat here with Sharon and the mirrore elevator door . 82 . she 's stare into she own eye . she be not wear that hat . int . jaime 's cab - night - moving more sound , more jostling at this wear road . Sharon look ... ridiculous , like the american tourist she be ina club dress and black shawl wrap about she head . more eye in that rearview , from Jaime that same curiosity . when Sharon meet he gaze this time , neither look away . sharon thank you for wait . jaime of course , sefiora . I will take you wherever you wish and wait for as long as you like . Sharon hold this boy 's eye in the rearview , dumbstruck . the air thick with something , chaste , a connection . out the window , every now and then what 's best describe as a shanty - town arise in the distance . a small flame , a single light . the sound of the car 's movement wed to this image , then ... int . LA piazza resort , lobby - night Sharon stand in the foyer of a San Juan Resort Hotel , the lobby behind she , entrance of the subterranean nightclub before she . the entry to the club run clear through to a dance - floor , at the lip of the dancefloor a raise band -stand . int . discoteca LA piazza - night Sharon sit alone in a nightclub booth , the music louder now , much more ridiculous , a Puerto rican cover of something wild and propulsive . Sharon take in the scene . it 's early , not many people in this place , the other booth mostly empty . a man approach now , a clear cocktail hold aloft . server you drink sefiorita . sharon thank you . and as the man turn to move away : 83. sharon Excuse I . server yes , sefiorita ? the man step closer . sharon well ... I be suppose to meet a friend here , but the flight I mean to take be overbook , so I be force to take a earlier one , I be not sure he 's here yet . server who be you friend ? sharon it 's actually more the nature of business . I be wait for sefior alvarez ; pietro alvarez . I be Mrs. Rivers . from New York . a reaction from the server . clearly something Sharon say strike a chord . server yes , seflorita . I will tell sefior alvarez . the man leave . Sharon take up she screwdriver , downs the balance of one half it . beat . Sharon wait . in this wait , a realization : this be the first time Sharon 's be alone in a very long time . by herself at this booth , a older woman , a black , american woman , so alien to this place . Sharon reach into she clutch , retrieve a tasteful compact - look contraption , it 's content a surprise : a row of immaculate Virginia slim . as she bring the first cig to she lip , light it : man ( 0.s . ) you Mrs. Rivers ? ( and ) you wait for I ? 84. Sharon look up from that cig , a slender , latino man with a strain mustache stand before she . this be pietro , Victoria 's boyfriend . sharon pietro ? pietro alvarez ? pietro maybe . what you want to see he about ? sharon I do not especially want to see Mr. alvarez . I want to see Victoria Rogers . I be the mother - in - law of the man she 's accuse of rape . pietro shifting at that , Sharon the last person he assume would walk into he club tonight . he take a seat . pietro well lady , you get one hell of a son- in - law , let I tell you that . sharon I also have one hell of a daughter , let I tell you that . pietro look , she 's be through enough ; more than enough . leave she alone . sharon a man be about to die for something he do not do , can we leave he alone . voice ( 0.s. ) another drink , sefor alvarez ? both Sharon and pietro look up at that , the server return . pietro it 's on I , give the lady what she want . and give I the usual . on the bandstand , the Puerto rican rocker launch into esta Bien mi nena . the server move away . sharon do you believe I love my daughter ? pietro frankly lady , it 's hard to believe you get a daughter . 85 . that say as a come - on . to she shock , Sharon be empathize with Victoria . sharon do you think I would marry my daughter to a rapist ? pietro you might not know . sharon Son , listen : I know that she be rape , and I know ... I know what woman know . but I also know that alonzo do not rape she . pietro why you comin’ to I ? shit , I be not nothin’ : indian , wop , spic , spade , that 's I baby . I get my little thing here and I get Victoria and lady , I do not want to put she through no more shit , I be sorry . pietro push back from the table : sharon no , please . Sharon grab a hold of pietro 's hand . with she free hand , Sharon reach into she clutch , digging frantically . retrieve a photo from there , a photo of fonny and tish , thrust it toward pietro . sharon look at they . ( and ) look at they . the music louder , more propulsive now , that kid on the bandstand let into that song . sharon take this photo home ; take it to Victoria . take it and you ask she , you show it to she and you ask she , ask she to study it . hold she in you arm ; do that . 86 . sharon ( cont 'd ) I be a woman , I know what woman know , I know that she be rape . but I also know , I know that alonzo do not rape she ; I know it . beat . not a long beat though — a quick one — just enough for pietro to glance at that photo , then at Sharon 's desperate face . close he eye , and ... ...- release he hand from Sharon 's , leave that photo with she as he disappear across the dance - floor . off Sharon watch he go , defeat , break and embarrassed all at once ... CUT to : ext . resort lapiazza - night Jaime wait , pop to attention as ... ..».- Sharon approach , blow right past he , shock he as she march on . Jaime freeze to the spot , watch as Sharon reach the gravel lot , plume of light dust behind she , reach the cab and let herself into the back seat . Jaime watch he cab for a beat , unsure what to do . slowly , tentatively , he begin towards the cab . reaches the passenger side door and ... stop . int . jaime 's cab - night - same Sharon in the backseat here . slouch down , cradle into herself , sobbing . Jaime outside the window , allow she this moment . int . HOTEL del rico , suite - day Bright , bright daylight , peaceful and quiet . Sharon gaze out of she hotel window at Puerto rican sun . below she , in the parking lot , that familiar cab and Jaime . '' when mama wake in the morning , Jaime be there wait for she . she have become he responsibility because , as the man say about mt. everest : ' you be there . ' " int . jaime 's cab - day - moving the sound of rough gravel beneath tire , Sharon look out the window of Jaime 's cab at the pass slum . 87 . desolate out there , the San Juan find between resort tower , a cross between rural , hood and everything in between . a beat of travel , then : jaime I think it might be here . you say she be blond , yes ? Sharon nodd , focus on the slum appear up ahead , a sight to see even for a woman who 's see she share of hard place . ext . barrio — day Jaime stand beside he cab , look on as Sharon approach what can only be describe as poor , wretch , squalor . from the look on he face , he do not want to allow she to make this walk alone and yet , Sharon continue on . ext . barrio apartment build - day Sharon reach the third level of this makeshift walk - up , round a banister and find herself in a dim corridor , apartment door on either side run back toward the sunlight . she begin down the hall , the door of all this place ajar to various degree , Sharon peek into each cautiously . at the end of the hall , Sharon ease toward a crack door . with care , she place she foot within the threshold , nudge the door wide as the space of she shoulder . sharon' view : within the room , a thin , blonde- haire girl go about clean . Sharon be stare . the girl be pregnant . victoria turn , feel Sharon watch . a brief beat of they face one another , ten , twelve foot between they . from she indifferent look , Victoria have no idea who Sharon be . sharon Mrs. Rogers ? Victoria 's eye narrow . victoria no , sefiora . you be mistaken . I be sanchez . 88 . they watch each other . Sharon be still lean in the entry . Victoria make a movement toward the door , as though to close it , but stop . she touch the crucifix at she throat . victoria Excuse I , senora , but I have work to do , if you please ? I do not know any Mrs. Rogers . maybe in one of the other place around here ? she look at Sharon with bitterness . Sharon straighten and , for the first time , they be look each other in the eye . sharon I have a photograph of you . Sharon take out the photograph of Victoria and hold it up . Victoria walk toward the door . as she advance , Sharon move from the threshold , meet she in the room . victoria sefiora , I have my work to do . what do you want with I ? I do not know you . sharon I know you do not know I . maybe you never even hear of I . Victoria shifting , something resign in she stance . a deep sigh , a dig into she pocket , reveal a pack of cigarettes : victoria do you smoke , sefora ? she extend the pack toward Sharon . there be a plea in Victoria 's eye and Sharon , with a shaking hand , take the cigarette and Victoria light it for she . she put the pack back into the pocket of she housecoat . sharon I know you do not know I . but you must have hear of I . Victoria look briefly at the photograph of herself in Sharon 's hand ; look at Sharon . victoria look . I be not get nothing against nobody . but I get to ask you to get out of here . 89 . sharon I be here to try to get a man out of prison . that man be go to marry my daughter . and he do not rape you . Sharon take out the photograph of tish and fonny . sharon look at this . Victoria turn away , sit on the unmade bed . Sharon approach she . sharon look at it , please . this be my daughter . the man with she be alonzo hunt . be this the man who rape you ? Victoria will not look at the photograph , or at Sharon . sharon be this the man who rape you ? Victoria look down at the photograph , briefly , then up at Sharon . victoria it look like he . ( and , coldly ) but he be not laugh when he be raping I . that take the air out of Sharon , she breath go shallow at its utterance , can feel Victoria calcify in the moment . sharon May I sit down ? Victoria say nothing . Sharon sit beside she , on the bed . after a beat : victoria look , lady , before you go any further , just let I tell you , you can not do nothing to I , I be not alone here , I get people . sharon I be not try to do anything to you . I be just try to get a man out of jail . a innocent man . 90 . victoria Lady , I think you in the wrong place . ai not no reason to talk to I . ai not nothing I can do . Sharon look away from she , out the window , the scramble of she thought wringht clear on she face . sharon ( cautious ) how long be you in New York ? victoria too long . sharon do you leave you child there ? victoria listen . leave my child out of this . it 's hot , Sharon take off she jacket . sharon why do you come back here ? Victoria rise and walk to the window . Sharon follow , the two of they stare out at the sea together . a prolong silence , a fleeting truce inspire by this view . sharon daughter ... in this world , terrible thing happen to you , and we can all do some terrible thing . Sharon be careful ; she 's close , watch Victoria . sharon I be a woman before you be a woman — remember that . and I know , I know , you pay for the lie you tell . she stare at Victoria . Victoria stare at she . sharon you have put a man in jail , a man you have never see . he 's twenty - two year old , he want to marry my daughter . she release Victoria 's gaze , turn back to the window . gl . victoria I do see he . sharon you see he in the police lineup . that 's the first time you see he , the only time . victoria what make you so sure ? sharon because I have know he all he life . Victoria look back to Sharon , huffing with a scorn that run deep , run certain and heavy . victoria one thing I can tell , lady : you be not never be rape . that statement register viscerally : Victoria have be rape . by someone . victoria you might have know a nice little boy , and he might be a nice man — with you ! but you do not know the man who do — who do — what he do to I . sharon but be you ... be you sure that you know he ? victoria yes , I be sure ! they take I down there and they ask I to pick he out and that 's what I do , I pick he out . sharon but you be ... it happen in the dark . you see alonzo in the light . victoria there 's light in the hallway , I see enough . Sharon grab she again , and touch the crucifix . sharon daughter ... in the name of god. 92 . Victoria look down at Sharon 's hand on the cross ... and scream : a pierce , impossible sound . she break away from Sharon , run to the door ( which have remain open all this time ) . victoria get out of here ! get out ! Victoria be scream in Spanish . Doors open . people begin to appear . Sharon hear the horn of Jaime 's taxi . one of the older woman in the hall come to the door , and take Victoria in she arm . Victoria collapse , weep , into this woman 's breast ; and the woman , without a look at Sharon , lead she away into the hall . everyone else be stare at Sharon . a interminable silence . off the sound of Jaime 's horn ... hard CUT to : int . bank STREET flat - night or be it day ? hard to tell , the light , the sound , the tone of everything here suspend in that in - between place , neither night nor day , present nor past . fonny be work on the wood . it be a soft , brown wood , it stand on he worktable . the wall be cover with sketches . his tool be on the table . he walk around the wood , terrify . he do not want to touch it . he know that he must . but he do not want to defile the wood . he stare and stare , almost weep . he be wait for the wood to speak . until it speak , he cannot move . he pick up a chisel , he put it down . he light a cigarette , sit down on he work stool , stare , pick up the chisel again . he put it down , go into the kitchen to pour himself a beer . come back with the beer , sit down on the stool again , stare at the wood . the wood stare back . fonny you cunt . he pick up the chisel again , and approach the wait wood . touches it very lightly with he hand , caress it . he listen . 93 . he put the chisel , teasingly , against it . the chisel begin to move . fonny begin , and ... int . new york CITY correctional facility , cell - day fonny lie here , eye wide , stare at the ceiling . a beat of he lie this way , unblink , look far off and away to that vision , then ... int . new york CITY correctional facility - day tish at the glass , wait as fonny approach from the other side . see he in the light now , he look different than we have see he previously , decidedly worse : gaunt , thin . fonny look to tish , look into she as he take up the phone : fonny you all right ? tish yes . I be all right . fonny the baby all right ? tish yes . the baby 's fine . he grin . it be , somehow , a shock to tish . tish we get to get some meat on you bone , Lord , have mercy . fonny speak up . he can not hear you . that playful , say with a smile , the best of fonny . tish ( hesitant ) but listen ... there 's something I gotta tell you . fonny nodd , readying himself : tish mama come back from Puerto Rico . she find Victoria , but ... 94 . tish ( cont 'd ) the girl go crazy , they do not know where she be now . beat . tish so the trial might get postpone . fonny hold tish 's gaze here , know she 's watch he , do everything in he power to keep it together , to not break , the strain on that receiver in he hand palpable . tish fonny ... fonny I be fine . a deliberate beat as fonny change before she , something warm seem to drift away from he , drain from he face . tish hayward 's not charge we no more , we almost get the money to bail you out . take a moment , just enough for the delay to read : fonny I figure you would . every word out of fonny 's mouth here bittersweet . fonny listen , I will be out soon . tish 's face , at once shocked and yet try hard to mask it : fonny I be come home because I be glad I come , can you dig that ? beat . fonny see now ? I be a artisan . like a cat who make table . I do not like the word artist . maybe I never do . I sure the fuck do not know what it mean . I be a cat who work from he gut , with he hand . I know what it 's about now . I think I really do . even if I go under . but I do not think I will now . I know I will not. 95 . he 's far from she . here with she , yes . but very far away . fonny baby , I love you . and I be go to build we a table and a whole lot of folk go to be eat off it for a long , long time to come . ( and ) and I be all right , too . do not you worry . I be come home . I be come home , to you . I want you in my arm . I want you arm around I . I have get to hold we baby in my arm . it 's get to be . you keep the faith . fonny grin now , something bring he back : fonny do not you worry . I will be home . fonny grin again , stand and extend he fist to the glass as always . a moment of that fist there , as though transfer the warmth through that barrier , then ... ...- fonny bend to kiss the glass . CUT to black . '' I see Bell everywhere ... and all the time . we speak once . " ext . 14 th ST . and 8 th ave - day a very pregnant tish rise from the subway station , a paper sack clutch in she arm , gang of knickknack spilling over the lip of it . she 's a bit frantic , in a hurry as she hit the sidewalk and look up to double - check where she be , get she bearing . a half a block with she this way , this hurried gate , then ... .».- she hit the corner , red-light at the crosswalk . the street full with the mid-afternoon rush . tish take it all in , glad for a brief respite here at the corner when ... ..- she look leave , see a familiar face : Officer Bell . approach up the avenue , take he time , not a hint of hurry to he , the spitting image of '' whistling Dixie . '' 96 . tish glance to the light , see it go yellow , but ... rather than cross , she turn toward the avenue , turn to face Bell , meet he head on as he near . that smile of he . that ridiculous fuck smile . officer bell can I carry that for you ? tish no. ( and ) no thank you . tish look into he eye . there be something pass between they , deliberate and fierce . Bell watch and tish not look away , nor betray herself : give he no emotion , just the veil . officer bell well , you be not get far to go . sure wish I could carry it for you , though . Bell step closer now , close enough that tish look about herself , look as though to see if anybody 's watch : officer bell I be not a bad guy . you be not get to be afraid of I . tish I be not afraid . beat . a extend , unbearable beat . officer bell good-night , then , miss lady . tish good-night , Officer . int . spanish restaurant - day the only time we have be here not focus on that side table so synonymous with tish and fonny . instead , find tish huddle to herself in a table near the back , away from anyone else . tish stare at the plate before she , a simple paella . from the look of it , she have not touch it . as he pass , pedrocito deftly take the plate without stop . 97 . a beat with tish , the simple loneliness on she face , then ... ..- pedrocito return , appear from the direction he would escape to , have a fresh plate in hand . sit it before she , the heat of it release wave of vapor into the air . pedrocito sefiorita ? por favor . he and the muchacho need you strength . he will not forgive we if we let you starve . we be he friend . he trust we . you must trust we , too . he take a glass , pour she a little red wine . pedrocito wine be good . just a little . slowly . tish nod , take a sip of the wine . pedrocito it will be a boy . pedrocito grin ; in some way a grin that recall fonny , that first night of tish see the joy the man share . tish look after he as he move away , attend to the few customer here . a beat of she processing this moment , a suggestion of the warmth of the gesture come over she , then ... int . sedan - day - moving tish in the backseat but , not a cab , up in the front : pedrocito . he will not let she walk , he 's drive she home . tish startles in the back seat , pedrocito 's eye go to the rearview : pedrocito I tell you , it 's a boy ! tish smile as she re-settle herself : this man be family . a beat more of travel then ... the car ease to a red light ; nothing out of the ordinary , just a red light . 98 . tish lolling she head against the window , let the light hit she face . eye wander away now , on the curb they be idling near . at a subdued , but distinct startle in she expression ... angle on : the curb ..- ernestine and she young actress there , the two of they close , the two of they more than close : the unmistakable look of intimacy as they cradle one another on the corner . back to tish : the car pull away , tish slump down in that back seat as though hide , pure instinct , she eye strain to catch the last few glimpsis of ernestine and she lover . tish sit upright as pedrocito drive on . hold on she face , the fright of a child who 's see what she should not see . and that quickly give way to awe and , ultimately , a smile . int . bank STREET flat - day tish sit in she chair , look up out the small window , the sun faint , nearly night out . that bag she be carry sit on the table beside she . she reach for it and ... lurch fully , double over like something strong and full of purpose just sock she . the moment pass , tish check she watch and look at the door again . a resign sigh and she stand , look down into that bag and begin pull thing from it . a few small item at first and then , surprisingly , a block of wood . take the wood , walk it over to fonny 's work table , go to set the block there as ... the phone ring . tish 's hand at she belly as she move to the phone . get a hand on the receiver but take a breath before pick it up , do so only after she breathe calm . voice ( 0.s. ) ( through receiver ) hello , tish ? this be adrienne . tish 's face : adrienne ? have she ever call here ? tish how be you , adrienne ? 99 . adrienne ( 0.s. ) have you see my father ? be he there ? when do you see he last ? tish why ? I have not see he , I know he 's see Joseph , but I have not -- the weep through the phone startling tish : tish adrienne ? adrienne talk to I , what 's the matter ? sound of adrienne get herself together on the other end , stifling that sob : adrienne , do not -- adrienne ( 0.s . ) my daddy be fire from he job two day ago , they say he be steal , and they threaten to put he in jail and with fonny and all he be just so ... I do not know . and he be drunk when he come home and he curse everybody out and then he go out the door and be not nobody see he since ; tish , do not you know where my father be ? tish adrienne ( 0.s. ) I swear to God , I tish , I know you do not like I - — tish adrienne , you and I , we have a little fight , but that do not mean I do not like you . you be fonny 's sister . and if I love he , I get to love you . and that do not matter ' cause I do not wish for nothin’ bad on nobody . adrienne ( 0.s. ) if you see he , will you call I ? tish yes , of course I will , adrienne . of course . tish slowly remove the phone from she ear , shock run through she face when ... voice ( 0.s. ) what 's wrong ? 100 . tish look to that voice , see Sharon close the apartment door behind she , remove she key from the dead -bolt . sharon you look like you see a ghost . tish hang up that phone finally , lean she weight on the table there . after she do , not a kick , but ... something . sharon tish , what 's the matter with you ? tish ( sit ) that be adrienne . she 's look for Frank . she say he , he get fire and he be real upset . and adrienne , that poor child sound like she 's go to piece . mama , have daddy see he ? Sharon 's still ; still stand , still watch . she 's listen , yes , but also study , evaluate . sharon I do not know . but he be not be by , no . Sharon set she bag down , cross the room and put a hand to tish 's brow : sharon how you feel ? tish tire . funny . sharon you want I to get you a little brandy ? tish yes . thank you , mama . that might be a good idea . it might help to settle my stomach . Sharon head into the kitchen , know just where tish keep the brandy , rather than pour it bring the bottle and a small glass over , sit they beside tish . Sharon nodd at question in she own head , study tish : 101 . sharon you stomach upset ? tish a little . it will go away . Sharon watch as tish open the bottle , take a small sip from it , do not bother with the glass . Sharon move to the kitchen . sharon you see fonny today ? tish yes . sharon and how be he ? tish he 's beautiful . they beat he up , but they do not beat he , you know ? sharon I know baby , I know . Sharon return with a damp towel , rub at tish 's temple : sharon I think ernestine 's get the rest of the money . from she actress . a flash across tish 's face , mind alight . do not say anything , be not about to say anything but ... the doorbell ring , Sharon set that towel down and move over to get it . open it and , she back to tish , obscure whoever 's there but ... she voice , pure terror : sharon ( 0.c . ) what happen ? tish stand , look on as Sharon turn back inside , reveal Joseph come in behind she , a heavy look about he : tish what 's wrong ? joseph it 's Frank . ( and ) they find Frank . tish do fonny know ? 102 . joseph I do not think so . not yet . he will not know till morning . tish I have get to tell he . sharon you can not get there till morning , daughter . tish I have get to tell he now -- sharon tish , you can not -- tish I have get to .... tish trail off there , like she 's be daze , lose the train of think as it 's form . she stare at the entry there , still open , the cement wall rise up to the sidewalk . sharon how you feel ? the sky open ... or something similar to it — to the sound of it — rise from tish 's chest , hand to she belly . Joseph jolted , a step toward tish and then a step back as Sharon reach a hand to stop he , all calm . Sharon put a hand to tish 's shoulder , ease she the couple step back to she chair , gently sit she there . sharon ( without look away ) call the ambulance , Joseph . and as she father move to the phone , he presence long go from here , tish look to she mother , look up to she , Sharon 's image as strong and loving and in spirit as ever . sharon do not panic , baby . remember , love bring you here . Sharon smile , and ... CUT to black .