April 18 , 1999 '' if | have a hammer " by josh becker act one : front title : the front title sequence be over a stock footage montage of the big news event of 1958 through early 1964 set to the weaver 's version of '' if | have a Hammer '' : elvis presley , wear a army uniform , wave as he board a airplane for Germany ; U.S. troops be ship to Vietnam where fight have begin in earnest ; Chuck Berry be indicted for tax evasion ; Little Richard quit music to become a ordain seventh Day adventist minister ; Martin luther King deliver he '' I have a dream '' speech to a Washington , D.C. civil rights rally ; student hold a sit - in at a university ; John and Jackie Kennedy sit in the back -seat of the presidential lincoln - Continental cruise down the street of Dallas ; Jack Ruby shoot Lee harvey oswald ; LBJ be swear in as president ; the Beatles arrive in America ... dissolve : a title read : '' Saturday , February 8th , 1964 . '' ext . '' student for political action '' office — day the '' student for political action '' office be a small storefront locate in a downtown area . poor , inner-city people fill the street . a 21 - year old beatnik boy name max , with a goatee and a beret , step up to the front door , pull out a key , go to insert it into the lock and the door swing open . Max find this somewhat surprising and enter . int . '' student for political action '' office — day Max step into the ratty interior of the office — old and break office furniture , tear easy chair with stuff hang out , a tear , yellowing poster on the wall announce the weaver reunion concert at carnagie Hall — and he find the air full of cigarette smoke , which he wave away from he face . Max turn on the light . in the very back of the office be lorraine dempsey , a attractive , intense 19 - year old girl with a short , boyish haircut , wear a plaid skirt and a sweater . she crank a mimeograph machine which on each revolution spit out a yellow flyer state in big bold letter , '' free the Springfield five !! emergency meeting Sunday at 8:00 p.m. '' lorraine see Max and blink , a smolder cigarette butt dangle from she lip . max lorraine , you be still here ? that 's exactly where | leave you last night . lorraine squint through the smoke wafting up into she eye . lorraine I be ready , Max . nothing can stop I now . max you need to go to sleep . lorraine ( wave she hand ) Nah ! | sleep all the time when | be young . ( point ) I have make 500 flyer , you think that 's enough ? max | should think so . lorraine and you will help I hand they out ? max that 's why I be here . lorraine good . y’know , Max , as I have stand here all night cranking this machine , it come to I that we be stand at a crossroad . max a crossroad to what ? lorraine to anew age . max that 's what they be all say about Kennedy and camelot and all that , but look what happen . lorraine it 's bigger than that . max yeah , | think you have be up too long . lorraine hopefully , it will be a time when stuff like this . . . ( wave flyer ) . .. will not happen anymore . | mean , if we do not do something right away this five boy will spend the rest of they young life in jail . max hey , you do not have to convince I . but they pre-trial hearing be Monday . if they go in there with some cracker , redneck , court - appoint attorney , they will get life for sure . lorraine | know ! this could well be they last chance . that 's why it 's so important and that 's why I be so nervous . this be the first important political action that I have personally organize . people just have to show up . max I will be there . lorraine | mean , real people ? max gosh , thanks a lot . ( lorraine smile ) look , it 's a important cause , why would not they show up ? lorraine ( think ) um ... to make I look bad ? max make you look bad to whom , if | may ask ? lorraine myself . max be that what this be all about , lorraine ? look good ? lorraine no , not at all . it 's entirely about that five boy and the injustice that 's be do to they . | mean , if | do not do something about it why should | expect anyone else to do anything , right ? max right . lorraine we all have to draw a line somewhere and say , '' if you go beyond that line you have to deal with I , too . '' at least , that 's what | think . max right . I , too . you could always just tackle people out in the street and drag ‘em in kick and scream . lorraine | might yet . max | bet you would , too . but why do you do this , lorraine , stay up all night , burn it at both end ? lorraine someone 's get to , right ? max do they ? why ? lorraine because if nobody care the whole world will go to hell . max but , lorraine , you can not save the whole world . lorraine no , but | can try . and step one be get everyone to care about this issue , the Springfield five . max but you can not actually make anyone else care about something , lorraine . not really . lorraine oh , sure you can . this be old , time - wear technique use by the wobbly before the war . but get to a whole group at once , that 's the trick . that 's where song come in . max ( skeptical ) yeah , but even song will not make someone care if they do not . lorraine if it 's the right song be sung the right way . max | do not think that 's true . lorraine ( off-hand ) sure it be . deep down | honestly think that people really want to do what 's right and actually do care , they just need a little push in the right direction to get they go , and that 's where | come in . lorraine reach into she sweater pocket and pull out a pack of cigarettes , which she find empty and crumple . lorraine gotta smoke ? max no . you be a idealist , lorraine . lorraine I be more than idealist , Max , I be a instrument of God . lorraine check out the overflow ashtray and spot a long butt . she straighten it out and light it , then take a sip of coffee . she wince and stick out she tongue . lorraine blah ! how can coffee get colder than the room it 's in ? max | do not know . you go to the purple onion tonight ? lorraine oh yeah , sure . get to . ( she wave a pile of flyer ) | have to get every single person at the purple onion tonight to come to my meeting Sunday . that people be what | have to work with ; they be my building material and this meeting be my testing ground . if | have to yell and scream , I will do it . if | have to whisper and sing song , I will do that . max and you dig it . lorraine yeah , yeah , that , too . ( snap she finger ) that remind I , have you get a extra guitar pick ? max not here . you can always use a matchbook . lorraine they shred . that 's ok , I will swing by the music store . lorraine sit down and put on she shoe . Max check out she leg as she do this . suddenly ... max lorraine , you drive I crazy ! why will not you go out with I ? lorraine look , Max , you be my friend . let 's leave it at that , ok ? max ( frustrated ) but | do not want to leave it at that . lorraine if there be something here , Max , we have know about it by now , right ? max ! know about it . lorraine ( shrug ) it take two to tango . max but what can | do , lorraine ? lorraine smile and hand Max a thick pile of flyer . lorraine here . Hand this out . see ya later , alligator . lorraine walk out of the office and Max watch she go , groan audibly after she 's leave . ext . '' student for political action '' office — day lorraine exit the office and stride up the street immediately attempt to hand out flyer . lorraine demand justice now ! free the Springfield five ! most people take the flyer that be offer to they , although many immediately discard they , some right on the street . when lorraine see this she go over and pick the flyer back up . lorraine ( to herself ) slob ! dissolve : ext . the buckley house — day 8 this be a small house in a neighborhood of nearly identical home . Big leafy tree line the shady street . a red 1960 Ford falcon sit in the driveway . the distinctive sound of the Three stooge play on tv can be hear from within . a car pull up in front of the house . int . the buckley house / live room — day dan buckley , a 14 - year old wear a Boy scout uniform , sit watch the Three stooge on tv and laugh . the doorbell ring . Dan dash over and open the door . two other 14 - year old boy in Boy scout uniform come burst in and they all begin talk at once . Dan and he pal leave . mr . buckley and mrs . buckley enter the live room . phil 's dad be wear a bowl shirt and hold a bowl ball up in front of he face . mrs . buckley be careful with that in the house . mr . buckley hon , please , I have get to get in the proper frame of mind , ok ? ( chuckle ) get it , '' frame '' of mind ? bowl . Frame mrs . buckley that 's great , dear , you be another Red skelton . mr . buckley ( imitate Red skelton 's lisp ) good night and God blesh . ( look around ) where 's phil ? mrs . buckley ( shake she head ) still in bed . Mr. Buckley look at he watch and frown . mr . buckley it 's after ten , what 's with he ? mrs . buckley you tell I . ever since he graduate high school and start work , he 's change . he just do not seem to give a damn about anything anymore . | do not know what to do with he . Mr. Buckley consider this for a moment , then exit the live room . int . hallway outside phil 's room — day phil 's dad step up to a close bedroom door , try the doorknob and find it lock . mr . buckley phil ? you up ? phil ( o.s. ) yeah . mr . buckley be not you suppose to be at work ? phil ( o.s. ) | get the day off . mr . buckley how come ? phil ( o.s . ) it just happen that way sometimes . mr . buckley huh . well , why do not you get out of bed . phil ( o.s. ) why ? what 's the difference ? Mrs. Buckley step up beside she husband . mr . buckley because it 's a beautiful day . phil ( o.s. ) it 's a beautiful day here in my bed , too . mr . buckley | do not like this behavior , phil . phil ( o.s. ) 10 yeah ? mr . buckley yeah . so get you ass out of bed ! phil ( o.s. ) yeah , yeah , | will . mr . buckley do it soon . phil ( o.s. ) all right . ok . mr . buckley ( shrug ) y’know , phil , if you waste this day , you will never get it back . phil ( o.s. ) yeah ? Big deal . mrs . buckley ( to she husband ) you see ? mr . buckley yeah , | see . mrs . buckley what can we do ? mr . buckley how the hell be | suppose to know ? ( he kiss he wife ) | gotta go . see ya . mrs . buckley bye . phil 's dad and Mom exit and we stay on phil 's close bedroom door . int . phil 's bedroom - day phil buckley , a tall , handsome , eighteen - year old boy with a crewcut , lie in bed in 11 he boxer short smoking a cigarette . phil wear a can opener on a shoelace around he neck . the ashtray beside he bed be overflow with smashed butt . phil smoke languidly , the smoke drift up from he nose . there be ash on he chest , but he do not notice . phil reach under the bed and come out with a can of beer . he open it with he can opener , guzzle , wince , grin and belch . phil glance over at the wall beside he . there be many photo of elvis cut from magazine , as well as picture of Tuesday weld , Chuck Berry , Bobby darin and mickey mantle . phil suddenly sit up , reach over and grab a acoustic guitar that 's lean against the wall and begin strumm it . phil play a variety of tune and rhythm in a half - ass fashion , but nothing sound very good . he glance over at a book on he desk , '' beginning guitar . '' phil open the book and begin to play . he 's do ok until he attempt to make a specific chord and , sadly , he finger do not want to stretch that way . phil ouch ! phil shut the book . he walk over to he dresser , step in front of the mirror , cross he arm , lower he chin and proceed to do a poor Ed Sullivan imitation . phil tonight we have a really big shew . | mean , a really , really big shew . let 's all give a very warm welcome to the talented , amazing , one - of - a-kind phil Buckley ! ( he imitate the fan cheer ; smile humbly he pick up he guitar and imitate elvis ) thank you . thank you very much . I would like to play my newest song which have be ( continue ) phil ( cont. ) number- one on the hit parade for over three month ... phil sit down on the bed , strum he guitar , but still be not get the sound he want . he think for a second , then put down the guitar and dig through one of he dresser drawer . he come up with a cheap old microphone with a strange , multi-pronged plug on the end . phil consider this situation for a moment , then produce a Boy scout knife and deftly cut off the plug . he then split the wire and shave off the insulation . 12 phil take the mike over to he record player and connect the bare wire to the back of the amplifier . suddenly , feedback fill the room . phil 's eye light up . phil boss ! he move the mike away from the amp , then blow into it and hear he amplify breath through he speaker . phil take the microphone and shove it into the hole of he guitar and presto ! it 's electric ! now he really start to rock and it 's clear that phil be not particularly talented , simply enthusiastic . he do the Chuck Berry duck - walk across he room , guitar wail . int . kitchen — day phil 's Mom be do the dish . she hear the strange , electronic noise and look all around . mrs . buckley what on Earth ? int . phil 's bedroom — day phil 's a rock & roll maniac play to thousand of ador fan and everything 's terrific until — sproing ! — one of he guitar string break . phil frown , set down he guitar . he scrutinize the money on he dresser — he have one dollar to he name . nevertheless , a guitar with a break string seem like a fairly useless item . phil stand up , finally motivate to do something . he put he guitar in it 's batter old case and begin put on he clothes . dissolve : ext . CITY street — day phil walk along the street carry he guitar case . phil be not pay any attention to anything go on around he . he 's get a tune in he head and a vague , amused look on he face . he occasionally make a elvis presley -style hip gyration accompany by a grunt and we realize that phil 's still on the Ed Sullivan show in he head . he add the crowd reaction sound , cheer and laugh . the beatnik kid max from the '' student for political action '' office offer phil a flyer . max free the Springfield five ! let justice be do , 13 man . meeting on Sunday at the purple onion . phil wave it away entirely uninterested . phil no thanks . int . music store — day this be the all - purpose variety of music store that sell most every sort of instrument and all the accessory . lorraine stand before a large variety of guitar pick hold she guitar and deliberate . she choose a pick , check its thickness , then drop it back in its bin . finally , lorraine make she decision , choose a pick , then step over to the counter and pay the portly , middle - age clerk a quarter . lorraine stroll over to the sheet music . she flip through until she find something she like and pull it out — it 's Woody Guthrie 's song '' this land be you land . '' lorraine play the first several chord , hum the tune . something else catch she attention and she walk to another part of the store , step behind a big display case fill with woodwind instrument . just then phil step up in front of the woodwind case , then cross to the acoustic guitar section where lorraine just stand . he find the guitar string he need and it cost fifty cent , half of he accumulate wealth . phil resign himself to this inevitability and replace he break string . he see the portly clerk watch he and smile at the guy . the clerk smile back . lorraine hand a yellow flyer to a old black woman , who put on she glass and look at it with interest . now phil attempt to tune he guitar . he do a rather half - ass job , shrug — that 's good enough — then spot the open sheet music in front of he of '' this land be you land . '' phil concentrate deeply , furrowing he brow , and painfully strum and sing the first few chord of the song . phil ( sing ) this land be you land this land be my land from California to the New York Island from the redwood forest to the Gulf stream water this land be make for you and I — 14 lorraine step up from behind and proclaim . . . lorraine I love this song ! phil turn around and check lorraine out . he smile he coolest smile . phil really ? no kid ? I , too . lorraine ( excited ) really ? come on , let 's play it together . lorraine begin play the song and phil very hesitantly follow along , glance frequently at the lyric . lorraine & phil ( sing ) as | go walk that ribbon of highway | see above I that endless skyway | see below I that golden valley this land be make for you and I ( continue ) lorraine & phil ( cont . ) this land be you land this land be my land from California to the New York Island from the redwood forest to the Gulf stream water this land be make for you and I | roam and ramble and | follow my footstep to the sparkling sand of she diamond desert while all around I 15 a voice be sounding , sayin’ , this land be make for you and I the sun come shine and | be strolling and the wheat field wave and the dust cloud roll as the fog be lift a voice be chant this land be make for you and I suddenly , everybody in the store , include the old black woman and the clerk , join in for the finale . everybody this land be you land this land be my land from California to the New York Island from the redwood forest to the Gulf stream water this land be make for you and I this land be make for you and I everybody laugh , then return to they business . lorraine turn to phil . lorraine wow ! do you see the way the music draw people in ? it 's fantastic . phil yeah , it sure be . so , you like music , eh ? lorraine yes , very much . do you ? phil oh , yeah . uh , my name 's phil , what 's yours ? lorraine lorraine . ( he put out he hand to shake and she hand he a yellow flyer ) there 's a really important meeting tomorrow night for the Springfield five . 16 phil take the flyer look confuse . phil be that a new band ? lorraine no ! do not you read the newspaper ? phil sure , but | must have miss it . lorraine it 's be the headline for the last week . phil the neighbor 's dog grab we paper all the time and chew it up . what 's go on ? lorraine the Springfield five be five color boy that be arrest for no good reason as they be drive down south to a civil rights rally . we be try to get they out of jail . phil oh. ok . tomorrow night , huh ? lorraine at 8:00 . phil ( frown ) but tomorrow 's Sunday , y’know . lorraine yeah ? so ? phil so , Ed Sullivan 's on Sunday at eight . lorraine grimace with disdain . lorraine 17 oh , that 's too bad . I be talk about real problem in the real world here . phil | know , I be just tell you that that 's not a good time for a meeting . lorraine look stricken . lorraine you think ? | print 500 flyer . phil ( shrug ) it may not mean anything , y'know , maybe he have not get anyone good on the show this week . lorraine suddenly look like she 's get a headache . she reach into she sweater pocket and find it empty . lorraine have you get a cigarette ? phil sure . wanna get a cup of coffee to go with it ? lorraine look he up and down . lorraine ( grin ) ok . caffeine and nicotine be my favorite food group . phil do not forget beer , it 's just like liquid bread . lorraine laugh and she and phil exit . int . coffee house — day phil and lorraine both drink mug of coffee and smoke cigarettes . lorraine well , | work for a while at a crisis phone line , 18 but | get really tired sit up all night listen to drug addict moan about not scoring and pretend to be a marriage counselor . | do not really feel like | be part of the fight . phil ( phil nod , mesmerize ) right . lorraine really look at phil . lorraine do you know what | mean ? phil sure . lorraine really ? phil ( shrug ) no , not really . lorraine have not you ever have a feel of pure empathy ? phil ( think , then shake he head ) I be not sure . what 's empathy ? lorraine it 's like sympathy , only you do not feel bad for someone , you feel bad with they . ( phil digest this ) have not you ever feel that way ? phil oh , yeah . '' lassie '' do that to I almost every week . lorraine ( shake she head ) tv again ! Jesus ! 19 phil you do not like tv ? lorraine no , | do not . | think it make people apathetic . phil it 's just entertainment . lorraine and some entertainment have value . but mindless entertainment be useless . what be some of you interest ? phil ( shrug ) I ? oh , well , | have a wide range of interest . lorraine ( nod ) really ? like what ? phil suddenly feel cornere . phil well , like everything . lorraine ( skeptical ) everything , huh ? interested in paleontology ? phil do you know very much about paleontology ? lorraine ( smile ) no . phil ( grin ) I be the foremost authority . lorraine 20 ok . so , what 's you favorite subject ? phil you mean like in school ? lorraine no , | mean like in life . phil oh , that . well ...uh ... music , | guess . lorraine you sure do not sound convinced . phil no , | am. music. definitely . | wanna be a musician . lorraine ( surprised ) really ? phil yeah . lorraine you know , it 's really hard to be a musician . | take guitar lesson twice a week and that 's not nearly enough . phil ( skeptical ) well ... it all depend on what you be after , right ? lorraine ( confuse ) what do you mean ? phil well , that 's if you want to be , say , a good or great musician . lorraine ( nod ) 21 right . phil well , Bobby darin do not really have a great voice , but he 's a very successful singer . or what about Bob Dylan ? he can not sing at all . lorraine yeah , but he 's a great song writer . phil wave he hand in total deprecation . phil you can hire guy to do that . lorraine yeah , so ...? phil so , you do not necessarily have to be good to be famous . look at Dean Martin . lorraine consider this for a second , then dismiss the whole thing . lorraine that 's silly . of course you do . what be you talk about ? if it 's not they musical ability then it 's they presentation . it 's gotta be something . ( phil nod , good point ; lorraine remember ) oh , y’know , tonight 's hootenanny night at the purple onion , you have to come . phil ( confuse ) hootenanny ? be that like when you square - dance and stuff ? lorraine ( laugh ) no. hootenanny night mean that it 's open microphone for anyone that want to get up and sing or play or read a poem or do anything . phil 22 ( nod ) will you be there ? lorraine ( smile and nod ) yes , | will . I be go to sing a song tonight . you really should come , | mean , if you actually want to be a musician and all . phil right. | do . and | will . lorraine suddenly stand . lorraine I have gotta go . so , will | see you tonight at the purple onion ? phil sure . absolutely . lorraine ( smile ) great . will you sing a song ? phil ( shrug ) do | have to ? lorraine no , you do not have to do anything you do not want to do . none of this people be professional , it 's just a hootenanny . but let 's face it , phil , if you can not sing at a hootenanny you will never be famous as a musician . phil ( nod ) right . lorraine ( smile ) ok . see ya there if you be there . 23 phil I will be there . Nice meeting you . lorraine you , too . lorraine depart . the waitress step up and hand phil the bill , which be 42 cent . he leave he entire 49 cent . phil ( smooth ) keep the change , sweetheart . the waitress snort and phil leave . dissolve : ext . '' student for political action '' office — day lorraine stand in front of the office hand out yellow flyer and demand justice ! a big , green 1963 cadillac sedan devville with very pointy fin pull up in front of she and stop . the car 's electric window come down revealing a good- look couple in they early 40s . they be lorraine 's mom and dad . mom get in the car , dear , before someone mug you . lorraine sigh and get in the back seat of the car . lorraine ( sarcastically ) thank God , save at last . int . cadillac — day lorraine 's dad gun it and the car pull away quickly . dad glance back at lorraine . dad 24 do you forget you be have lunch with we ? lorraine no , | do not . | try to , but | could not . her Mom look back at she . mom what have you get on you hand ? lorraine look at she hand and see purple stain . lorraine ink . mom ( smile ) it 's just you shade . lorraine yes , it be nice , be not it ? dad so , do you get a early start on solving the world 's problem today ? lorraine as a matter of fact , | do . | think I will be have a very big meeting Sunday night . dad | hope you do . but honestly , lorraine , do you really think a bunch of college kid meeting in a low - rent downtown office be go to get that five negro boy set free ? lorraine I certainly hope so . if nothing else it will raise people 's awareness of the problem . a line have to be draw somewhere . Mom turn to dad . mom how do she turn out this way ? 25 dad it 's get to be you fault , I be never home . mom you can say that again . lorraine point at herself . lorraine I be my own fault . and where be we go for lunch , if | may ask ? dad the club . lorraine ( sigh ) unmitigate decadence , and the food 's not very good . mom you be such a happy little girl , lorraine . what happen ? lorraine | develop a social conscience . mom well it certainly have not make you any happier , | can tell you that . why do not you go away to Europe for a while — say a year — and make up you mind there ? lorraine | live here in America , mom . the problem of America be my problem . and my mind be make up . dad you mom 's not kid , lorraine . you want to go to Europe for a year , see the sight , go to school , do not go to school . anything you want , just say the word . 26 lorraine oh , dad , please . dad you be accept to the University of Florence , be not you ? you love Italy when we all go there a few year ago . you run around the house talk italian for month . lorraine ( sigh wearily ) this be such a bore . lorraine 's Mom and dad look at each other and shake they head . dad so , lorraine , how many people be you expect at this rally of yours ? lorraine | do not know . about a hundred , I have say . dad well , how many chair do you rent ? lorraine fifty , but there 's twenty or thirty chair there and | figure some people can stand . dad how be you get the rent chair there ? lorraine ( exasperate ) dad , please , I will work it out . dad look , you want to be a organizer and organizer bring in the people . if they do not bring in a decent crowd , you will have to admit , they be not worth much as a organizer , right ? lorraine ( begrudgingly ) 27 yeah , | suppose . dad ok , how about this ? if less than fifty people show up to you meeting , you consider do something else . anything else . more than fifty and I will shut up , for awhile . what do you say ? but you have to give I a fair count . lorraine all | do be agree to go to lunch , I be not here to negotiate any deal . dad just think about it , ok ? that 's all | ask . lorraine whatever you say . lorraine sigh deeply , lose in the vast expanse of the back seat . her hand go into she sweater pocket , but she still do not have any cigarettes . dissolve : int . phil 's bedroom — day phil sit on he bed noodle with he guitar . he have the newspaper on the floor and glance at it over the top of the guitar . phil folk song , folk song ... crap ! | do not know any folk song . ( focus on the newspaper ) hey ! lyndon baine Johnson , Lady Bird Johnson , Lynda Bird Johnson and luci baine Johnson ? they all have the same initial . how weird ! phil 's dad walk past the bedroom door , see the newspaper and stop . mr . buckley there 's the newspaper . what 's it do in here ? phil I be read it . phil sigh . 28 mr . buckley great day in the morning , what next ? so , what 's up ? phil nothin’ . mr . buckley y’know , I have be meaning to speak to you . ( he come in and sit down on the bed ) so , phil , what be you do ? you have be out of high school for six month . phil I be work at the shoe store . knockin’ ‘em dead , too . mr . buckley what do that mean ? phil it mean , dad , that work at the shoe store be a bore . mr . buckley you do not like it ? find another job . phil like what ? work in a gas station ? mr . buckley well , do not you have some goal ? some ambition ? phil ( guffaw ) yeah , | wanna be president and get my brain blow out . mr . buckley ( shocked ) 29 that 's not nice . phil it sure be not . mr . buckley what 's with you ? phil what ? mr . buckley now come on , you must care about something ? phil ( timidly ) well ... mr . buckley yeah ? goon. phil well , | like play the guitar . mr . buckley ( confuse ) you take lesson for about three week , then drop out . how serious can you be about that ? phil ( serious ) hey ! people can be serious about thing in they own way , can not they ? mr . buckley ( unconvince ) | suppose . look , phil , what about college ? his Father light a viceroy cigarette . phil yeah , well ... I will probably go to community college in the fall . 30 mr. buckley | mean , a university . what about State ? | go to State . phil point at he dad 's cigarettes . phil could | have cigarette ? his dad shake a cigarette out of the pack and give he one . mr . buckley you smoke too much . phil so do you . | do not get into State . his dad light phil 's cigarette with a match , then he own . mr . buckley if you grade be good at the community college you could get in . phil yeah ? well ... phil shrug and puff on he cigarette . mr . buckley you just do not care , do you ? phil not about that . mr . buckley so what do you care about ? phil hey ! come on , dad , lay off , will ya ? mr . buckley Fine . so what be you do tonight ? phil 31 | have a date . his dad grab the wastebasket and use it as a ashtray . mr . buckley really ? have | meet she ? phil uh-uh . | just meet she today at the music store . she 's a cute folkie girl that 's really commit to all kind of thing . mr . buckley ( interested ) really ? like what ? phil ( wave he hand ) oh , you know , negroes and equality and thing like that . mr . buckley ( impressed ) yeah , thing like that . well , she sound interesting . phil yeah , she be . and cute , too . mr . buckley maybe you should become a folkie , then you have be commit to all kind of thing , too . phil I have be think about it . the conversation grind to a uncomfortable halt . they both sit there look at each other . finally , he dad point at the guitar . mr . buckley go on , elvis , play something . phil quickly consider for a moment , then hit upon a possibility . 32 phil wait a minute . mr . buckley what ? phil | think I have get it ! mr . buckley what ? phil what song to play . phil open he beginning guitar book , find what he 's look for and crudely begin to play and sing '' / for | have a Hammer . '' phil ( sing ) if | have a hammer ? '' hammer in the mornin 's '' hammer in the evenin 's all over this land I would hammer out danger ? '' hammer out warnin 's l have hammer out love between my brother and my — phil 's dad look at he watch and jump to he foot . mr . buckley — Holy Christ ! look at the time , | gotta get dress . his dad abruptly exit . phil — sister ... phil sigh , pick up he cigarette , which have go out , and put it in he mouth . he take he guitar over to the mirror and begin pose again . phil the one , the only , phil Buckley ! 33 phil strum the guitar , add in the sound of the cheer crowd , and smoke he unlit cigarette like he 's Frank Sinatra . dissolve : int . phil 's house / live room — night phil step into the live room all dress up and ready to go out , he guitar case in hand . his mother , father and brother all sit watch the black and white tv , while eat tv dinner at fold tv table ( Ronald Reagan be pitching '' 20 mule team borax , '' say , '' I be stand here in a borax mine . . . '' ) . none of the three can look away from the tv for more than a brief second . dan where ya goin 's phil out . dan where ? phil none o’ you beeswax , ratfink . mr . buckley phil 's get a date with a folkie girl . this catch he mother and brother 's interest . mrs . buckley what 's a folkie girl ? dan you know , mom , like Mary from Peter , Paul & Mary . she 's hot stuff , too . mrs . buckley oh , well , she be a lovely girl . phil yeah , but I be not go out with she . dan 34 so , where ya goin 's ? phil ( hesitantly ) to the purple onion . dan that 's a folk club , right ? phil ( nod ) yeah , what of it ? dan so , what 's up ? be you suddenly become a folkie like Bob Dylan ? phil ( embarrassed ) maybe | be and maybe I be not ! mrs . buckley and you be perform ? phil ( cough ) yeah . all three look at he in astonishment . dan but phil , you do not know how to play the guitar . phil yes | do . ( everyone look at he in silence ) kind of . dan well , just remember one thing , phil . phil 35 yeah . what 's that ? dan the answer be blowin’ in the wind . this get a laugh from he family as they all simultaneously turn back to the television , suddenly mesmerize in rapt silence as a new show begin . phil exit quietly . ext . phil 's house — night phil get outside hold he guitar case . he light up a cigarette , hike up he windbreaker jacket and pose like James Dean . he look back at the house and see he family through the front window illuminate in flicker blue . phil clamp the cigarette between he tooth and walk purposefully down the driveway . ext . phil 's block — night ( digital effect ) phil walk up the block , pass house after house that all look exactly the same , all of they with the same flicker , radiant blue tv light illuminate they live room . phil flick he butt , hunch he shoulder and head off into the night . dissolve : act two : ext . the purple onion — night phil come walk up to the front of the purple onion , and it 's a whole , big -deal , folk scene . there be folky all over the place . all the man be wear sport coat and thin tie and the woman be wear skirt and dress . there be a lot of crewcut on the boy , girl with they hair up or wear babushkas , and many cool hat on both the man and the woman . almost everybody smoke cigarettes . phil approach warily . who be this people ? he know no one . except lorraine , that be , who stand in front of the club hand out flyer . lorraine please come to this meeting tomorrow , it 's really important . see what you can do , ok ? the person take the flyer and one step later toss it on the ground . lorraine look pain , go over and pick it up . she see phil stand there , smile and wave he over . 36 lorraine phil . phil lorraine . lorraine you make it . phil step up . phil | say | would , do not I . lorraine give he a hug and a kiss , which phil find very encourage . she give he he 34 flyer , but keep hold onto he hand . lorraine yes , you do . will you be here tomorrow for the meeting ? phil ( nod ) yeah , | think | will . lorraine you gonna sing a song tonight ? phil yep . lorraine what song ? phil I be not tell . what song be you sing ? lorraine '' if | have a Hammer . '' ( phil grimace like he be kick in the gut ) what 's the matter ? do not you like it ? phil 37 ( grin painfully ) no , no , it 's a great Peter , Paul & Mary song . lorraine it 's a weaver song . Peter , Paul & Mary re-did it . phil ( not listen ) yeah , right , the wheeler . they be great , too . just then a slouchy fellow name terry , with thick , black - rimmed glass , and rather long , shaggy hair , walk up and get a big hug and a kiss from lorraine , which distress phil . terry hey , lorraine . lorraine hey , Terry . you make it . terry Said | would . lorraine this be phil . terry Nice to meet you , phil . he put out he hand . phil somewhat begrudgingly shake Terry 's hand . phil yeah . you , too . lorraine ( to Terry ) be you sing a song ? terry no . lorraine ( frown ) 38 really ? how come ? terry ' Cause | do not want to . phil look at Terry with sudden respect , then glance down at the guitar in he own hand — why the hell be he sing a song ? phil be about to bring this up to lorraine when she turn away and yell . lorraine make way for the pregnant lady ! a good-look couple in they mid-twenty come walk up , both hold guitar case . they be alvin & debbie and Debbie be six month pregnant . they too give lorraine hug and kiss . lorraine introduce phil and Terry . lorraine phil , Terry ; Debbie and Alvin . everybody shake hand and say hello . phil attempt to speak to lorraine again . phil uh , lorraine — lorraine be pay attention to Alvin & Debbie . lorraine so , be you guy go to sing ? debbie yeah , we be all sign up and everything . all | need be a few drink first . lorraine I , too . lorraine and Debbie both laugh . phil look at Terry who seem casually bemuse , then he turn back to lorraine . phil um ... lorraine point at phil . lorraine 39 phil 's sing a song , too . Alvin slap phil on the back . alvin good , | think maybe we be the only one . man oh man , we have be practice we head off . debbie I will bet we have rehearse this song a thousand time . phil look like he 's about to say something when lorraine take hold of he arm and lead he inside . lorraine let 's get you sign up so you do not miss you big chance to sing . phil 's gonna be a famous singer some day , like Bobby darin and Al martino . terry Boy oh boy be you in the wrong place . lorraine hustle phil inside and the other happily follow along . phil she mean , Dean Martin . terry | get news for you , Dean Martin would not be catch dead in this joint . int . the purple onion — night lorraine , phil and the other enter the purple onion , a small dark club that 's pretty much full . lorraine point down toward the stage . lorraine I have get the front table stake out with my guitar . we will be right there . Terry , Alvin and Debbie head to the table . 40 lorraine take phil over to the m.c. , a 40 - year old guy with a gray beard , who stand behind a crude lighting board . the m.c. look at phil and wince . m.c . who 's he ? lorraine a friend . m.c . you sure have a lot of friend . lorraine as a matter of fact | do , what 's it to you ? m.c. nothing . not a thing . lorraine ( nod at phil ) he want to sing . m.c . then sing out , my friend , sing out . what 's you name ? phil phil Buckley . m.c. ok , phil there you go . the m.c. write '' phil '' at the bottom of the hootenanny list , a blackboard with ten act list above he . phil gulp , think what have | do ? the m.c. tell phil : m.c . keep in mind , though , friend , that with ten act ahead of you there 's a pretty good chance you will not get to go on at all . phil ( mumble to himself ) God willing . 41 lorraine ( encourage ) oh , now . you say you want to be a musician , right ? phil right . lorraine here you go . ( to the m.c . ) be we set for tomorrow ? the m.c. step up to lorraine and whisper in she ear . m.c. sure . uh , lorraine ... ? lorraine yeah ? m.c. ( shake he head ) later . lorraine and phil walk across the club . lorraine ( excited ) I be so glad Terry make it , | really think you two will hit it off . he 's really smart . | meet he at a sit - in , and | meet Alvin & Debbie at a sds meeting . they be very commit to the cause . phil what cause ? lorraine the cause of freedom and equality . 42 phil ( nod ) oh. right. that. ( casually ) by the way , what be some of you favorite folk song ? lorraine ( think ) well , | really like Bob Dylan 's '' talk Word War 3 blue . '' phil ( shake he head ; sigh ) | do not know that one . the guitar be start to feel like 500 pound weight to phil . lorraine bring you guitar tomorrow night to the meeting and we can have we own little hootenanny after - ward . | will teach it to you . that sound like a fine idea to phil , who nod and grin . phil boss . as they cross the room , lorraine wave and say hi to just about everybody and they all wave and say hi back to she . phil 's impressed . they arrive at the table down near the stage where Terry , Alvin & Debbie be sit drink a pitcher of beer and be all smoking cigarettes . lorraine sit beside Terry . phil quickly sit on she other side . lorraine lean across the table to speak and whisper with Debbie . Debbie point at phil . debbie wow ! he look like Troy donahue . where have you find he ? 43 lorraine at the music store . | think he 's get potential , too . he just need some guidance . debbie from you , perhaps ? lorraine ( consider ; look at phil ) ... perhaps . phil and Terry look at each other past lorraine 's shapely rump . terry ( to phil ) what song be you sing ? phil I be still think about it . what be some you favorite folk song ? terry | do not like folk song . phil ( confuse ) then what be you do here ? Terry glance at lorraine 's derriere , then up to phil . phil grin and shrug , indicate that he too be there for the same reason . terry you a student ? phil uh , no . I be gonna start at scc in the fall . terry ( grin ) Harvard of the highway . it 's like high school with ashtray . | go for a year . workin 's ? phil 44 ata shoe store . you ? terry | work on the college newspaper . phil ( nod ; impressed ) you parent rich ? terry no , not really . ( whisper and point ) but lorraine 's sure be . phil ( interested ) really ? but she seem so ... terry . .. down to Earth ? phil yeah . right . terry it 's the rejection of the money . very common . phil ( fascinate ) it be ? terry sure , take a look around you . what do you see ? phil ( look around ) people . folky . terry Middle -class to upper-middle - class white people , with just a few token negroes throw in for color , whose own self - hatred cause they to have to pretend to help other people less fortunate than themselves to ease they guilt . 45 phil ( look around ) huh . across the table , Alvin & Debbie be have a discussion . debbie so , when will you start look for a new job ? you say after the New Year , well it 's February . alvin but , Deb , | like my job . debbie you like you job ? come on . alvin all right , | do not hate my job . I have have plenty of job I have hate , too . and then | do not like waking up in the morning . debbie but Alvin , dear , you do not make enough money . we be go to need more money soon . we might even have to buy a house . alvin ( hold up he hand ) whoa ! slow down , will you . I be not ready for any of this . Debbie point at she protrude belly . debbie too late . lorraine hey ! come on you guy , you be out in public , remember . debbie there be time when he complacency make I want to kill he . 46 lorraine but you have decide to have he child instead . Terry and phil continue to talk . phil so , you be up at State ? terry ( nod ) yep . phil so , what be you take up ? terry time and space . phil ( grin ) I be doin’ that right here , why go to State ? terry less parental supervision . more party . more chick . phil but do not they make you take test occasionally ? terry occasionally , but school 's easy if you know how to do it . phil so what be really study ? terry Computers . phil Computers , huh ? you really be into weird stuff . terry Computers be not so weird . someday there will be 47 hundred of they , everywhere . phil ( shrug ) sure , if you say so . lorraine sit back down between phil and Terry . lorraine you boy get acquainted ? both grunt in the affirmative . the bearded m.c. step up onto the small stage and speak into the microphone . m.c . I would like to welcome everybody to the purple onion 's weekly hootenanny night . this be the night when we get a preview of the up - come folk star of the future . I have also like to announce a very important meeting to be hold here tomorrow night to help arrange a defense fund for the Springfield five . ( lorraine look around and smile ) if you really care about the cause of freedom you will make sure to be here . ok . now let 's have some fun . we first act of the evening be the husband and wife duo , Alvin & Debbie . let 's give they a warm purple onion welcome . the audience applaud as Alvin & Debbie step up on stage . alvin thank you very much . but do not get Debbie too excited , she might have the baby right here . Debbie elbow he the rib and the audience chuckle . they launch into a highly energetic rendition of '' rock Island line '' alvin & debbie ( sing ) well the rock Island line 48 be a mighty good road oh the rock Island line it be the road to ride the rock Island line be a mighty good road but if ya want to ride ya gotta ride it like ya find it get you ticket at the station for the rock Island line well | may be right and | may be wrong | know you be gonna miss I when I be go underneath the table , phil edge he foot over until it 's beside lorraine 's foot . phil move he foot the next inch so that he foot be now touch lorraine 's foot . he glance over and she give no sign of anything other than be mesmerize by the sing . alvin & debbie well the rock Island line be a mighty good road oh the rock Island line it be the road to ride the rock Island line be a mighty good road but if ya want to ride ya gotta ride it like ya find it get you ticket at the station for the rock Island line Little emmalina sittin 's in the shade countin 's all the money that we be not make Terry move he foot until it 's touch lorraine 's other foot . we see lorraine note the situation , then throw a glance at both boy . they both smile innocently . alvin & debbie well the rock Island line be a mighty good road oh the rock Island line 49 it be the road to ride the rock Island line be a mighty good road but if ya want to ride ya gotta ride it like ya find it get you ticket at the station for the rock Island line the audience have enjoy this very much and clap loudly and stomp they foot . grinning , Alvin & Debbie return to they seat . lorraine put she arm around both of they . lorraine you see , that endless hour of practice pay off . alvin ( grin ) they sure do . phil look like he 's in pain . Debbie grab the pitcher of beer . debbie | need a drink . who need refill ? everyone hold up they mug . Terry turn to phil look somewhat impressed . terry that be pretty good . phil yeah . terry so , uh , you a big folk music fan ? phil ( shake he head ) no , not really . folk music 's ok . terry what kind of music do you like ? phil look around to see if anyone be listen . 50 phil ( lower he voice ) | like rock & roll . terry I , too . like what ? phil | like elvis . terry ( nod ) yeah . he 's boss . and Chuck Berry . phil yeah . lorraine return to she seat between phil and Terry . lorraine what be you boy talk about . terry rock & roll music . lorraine ( wave it away ) that 's for child . ( point at the stage ) now that be music ! bebop-a-lula ? tutti fruitti , oh rudy ? come on , boy , grow up . phil and Terry both feel chastise . lorraine see someone she know and move off . lorraine Excuse I a sec , I have get work to do . lorraine pick up a pile of she flyer and head off . lorraine cruise around the club hand out flyer . yellow flyer be set down on the table and quickly use as coaster , fold and put into pocket , phone number be write on they , corner tear off , one get fold up and put under the short leg of a table . 51 a yellow flyer come down revealing four middle - age people , three man in suit and tie and a woman in a dressy dress , all look at the flyer and guzzle a pitcher of beer . they be : pete , lee , fred and the woman be ronnie . collectively they be the four feather . they all drink heartily and wave around the flyer . ronnie it look good . how 's it go ? lorraine good . we ought to have a lot of people . but | still need you guy to be there . ronnie need ? oh , come on , lorraine , you can handle this . I be sure you have get everything completely under control . lorraine well , yeah , | do , but still . . . ronnie well , do not depend on I be there . you have get to finally handle thing on you own . lorraine | know . ronnie | remember the first meeting | organize . it be a garment - worker strike just after the war . somewhere in upstate New York . pete gloversville . lee that 's right , gloversville . lordy , they almost tore the house down . ronnie that be the day . the four feather all toast and drink . lorraine 52 good luck , tonight , you guy . ronnie thanks , you , too . and | just know you meeting will be great . lee sure . pete absolutely . lorraine walk away . lorraine ( to herself ) shit ! she 's not gonna be there . | be depend on she . the m.c. step up beside lorraine and take she arm . m.c. lorraine , you have get to help I . lorraine sure , marty , how ? ( he try to speak , but all that come out be inaudible noise ) what be it ? m.c . you just have to sleep with I , lorraine . you have to . lorraine | do , huh ? m.c. | love you lorraine . lorraine oh , for God 's sake . that 's ridiculous . m.c. 53 ( stung ) oh , it be , huh ? you want to use the club tomorrow , right ? lorraine ( indignant ) you already say | could use the club tomorrow . m.c. right. | do . and | mean it , too . and | do not expect anything in return , either . lorraine do not you ? m.c. ( smile ) well ... lorraine | think you honestly care about the Springfield five . m.c. ( distract ) who ? oh , they . yeah , | do . but lorraine , please think of the good you could do , for I . please . lorraine turn and walk away , she expression say , '' when hell freeze over . '' lorraine return to she table and sit back down . at which point moustapha hakim arrive . he be a black man in he 30 wear a dark suit and tie , a round leather , African hat , sunglass and carry a particularly beat - up guitar . Terry look relieved . moustapha greeting , folk fan . terry you get here . moustapha 54 you do not think | would ? terry no , no , | do . moustapha and who be all of this nice- look white people ? terry you know lorraine . moustapha shake lorraine 's hand . moustapha ( smile ) lorraine . always a pleasure . terry that 's Alvin & Debbie . moustapha Alvin , Debbie . they both shake he hand and both look uncomfortable do it . terry and this be phil . moustapha shake phil 's hand , then grab a chair and seat himself beside he . moustapha be prepare , the blue be come . Terry lean over to moustapha and nod toward the back . terry canwe ... moustapha cool down , my friend . everything in good time . moustapha turn to phil . moustapha ( nod ) 55 you like the blue ? phil sure . moustapha like what ? phil well ... like Chuck Berry . moustapha Chuck Berry . that 's you idea of blue ? phil well , rhythm and blue . how about muddy Rivers ? moustapha that 's muddy Waters . phil right , but | hear he 's form a group with johnny Rivers . moustapha turn to Terry . moustapha come on , let 's go . Terry grin devilishly as he and moustapha head off together . lorraine turn back to phil . lorraine have a good time ? phil oh yeah . lorraine what do you think of Terry ? phil he 's interesting . 56 the m.c. step up to the small blackboard and erase Alvin & Debbie 's name at the top of the list . the next name be '' Bobby Lee . '' m.c. lady and gentleman , the purple onion welcome back the angry , intense , and always energetic , Bobby Lee Baker ! the audience applaud excitedly as bobby lee baker , a brood man in he 30 , dress in black with a beret and a jazz patch . he step up on the stage with a cigarette smolder between he lip irritate he eye . he slowly tune a 12 - string guitar , entirely ignore the audience . he flick he cigarette butt without look and we see that it land in a inattentive woman 's drink . bobby we be live in a world of oppression . White people hold down the black people . Rich people hold down the poor people . some - time it make I so mad | can barely talk . bile build up in my throat and | can not even spit . that be the time when you would kinda like to see the whole shebang go up in one big ball of fire , know what | mean ? the audience look back at he wide - eye and silent . Bobby cough , then suddenly launch into a intense rendition of '' /o my time of dyin '' with some terrific guitar pick , as well as the use of a bottleneck . bobby lee ( sing ) in my time of dyin 's do not want nobody to mourn all | want for you to do be to take my body home well , well , well so | can die easy well , well , well so | can die easy Jesus gonna make up 57 my dyin 's bed the woman drink she drink and she eye widen as she swallow the cigarette butt . bobby well meet I , Jesus , meet I meet I in the middle of the air if this wing should fail I , Lord wo not you meet I with another pair well , well , well so | can die easy well , well , well so | can die easy Jesus gonna make up my dyin 's bed Lord in my time of dyin 's do not want nobody to cry all | want you to do be to take I when | die well , well , well so | can die easy well , well , well so | can die easy Jesus gonna make up my dyin 's bed there be a big round of applause . to everyone 's astonishment , Bobby Lee Baker stand up and without a look back walk right out of the club . bobby lee ( to himself ) aw shit ! Terry and moustapha return at some point during the song . Terry turn to phil. terry ( impressed ) man , that be good . phil look like he have a headache . phil 58 yeah . ( change subject ) so , lorraine say she meet you at some kind of meeting , right ? terry yeah . sds . phil what 's that ? terry student for a Democratic Society . phil and you like try to get law change and stuff ? terry ( shrug ) they do . | go ' cause there 's usually cute chick there . ( that seem like a good reason to phil ) and cute folkie chick that be always scream about freedom and equality sometimes put out , know what | mean ? phil ( he know ) so , then you do not really care about freedom and equality and civil rights ? terry yeah , sure | do , but not as much as get laid . Terry wag he eyebrow . phil grin . we see lorraine 's stack of yellow flyer in she hand as she cross the club and step up to a table where three very cool - look , beat - type sit , seemingly engross in smoking cigarettes and do not notice lorraine . they be : dean , marylou & bill . lorraine ( smile ) look , it 's the three dead beat . 59 Dean , Bill and marylou all look around — where ? bill whoa ... it 's lorraine . marylou hey , lorraine . dean ( grunt ) urgh . lorraine wow , you folk sure look mellow . marylou yeah , we be . bill mellowville . dean hooo ! lorraine furrow she brow and lean forward to marylou . lorraine what 's wrong with you guy ? marylou wrong ? nothin 's wrong . bill it 's all right . everything 's right . lorraine but you guy be act weird . marylou pantomime stick a needle in she arm and wink at lorraine . lorraine look horrify . lorraine you take heroin ? 60 marylou , bill & dean ( together , grin ) yeah . lorraine really ? marylou , bill & dean ( together ) yeah . lorraine but do not it hurt ? y’know , the needle ? marylou nod ) a little . then you throw up . lorraine wide - eye ) oh my no , it 's yeah , i right , to Bill point at the yellow flyer : hey , wi itsami God , that 's disgusting . marylou reassure ) not . it 's fine . really . bill 's fine . lorraine nod ) hrow up be just fine . ss. bill hat 's with that ? lorraine eet I be have here tomorrow . marylou cool . very cool . bill 61 knock ‘em dead , lorraine . save everybody . lorraine ( sigh ) yeah , | will . see ya around . lorraine turn and leave , shaking she head in disbelief . she put she hand in she sweater pocket and still do not have any cigarettes . just then phil step up . lorraine ( smile ) gotta smoke . phil as a matter of fact | do . phil shake two out of the pack , put both of they in he mouth and light they at the same time — ala Paul henreid — then hand one to lorraine . lorraine ( smile ) very classy . phil that 's I . I be the classiest guy you ever know . lorraine ( wave she smoke ) so ? what ' dya think ? phil I will join up if | get you in the deal . lorraine if only thing be that simple . a female voice call out ... female voice ( 0.s . ) lorraine ! over here ! lorraine see a table with two couple in black and white evening clothes . even from 62 this distance we can tell they be smashed . lorraine wince in pain . lorraine oh , dear God , what '’re they do here ? ( to phil ) | go to high school with this people . lorraine and phil step up to the table . the voice belong to mindy , a attractive 19 - year old girl in a black strapless evening gown and white glove . the boy be wear tux . mindy and lorraine hug and kiss . lorraine mindy , what on Earth be you do here ? mindy you tell we about this hootenanny thing on Saturday night and we decide to come and see for ourselves . be you sing tonight , lorraine ? lorraine yes , | am. ( point at phil ) so 's he . this be my friend , phil . mindy shake phil 's hand . she look he up and down and obviously approve . mindy phil . this be Brian , Cheryl and Tim . I be mindy , lorraine 's former best -friend . phil wave and shake hand . brian say to phil . . . brian be you a musician ? phil glance at lorraine . phil uh , no. | mean , no . this be a hootenanny , anybody can get up and sing . brian right . of course . Boy be ! a square . 63 lorraine hand out flyer . lorraine so now that you have start go new place , you should come to this meeting here tomorrow night , for the Springfield five . mindy | read about they . terrible . tomorrow night ? sorry , can not make it . lorraine it 's really important , y’know . could not you try ? mindy sorry , it 's out of the question . so , when do we get to hear some music ? lorraine soon . tim raise he hand . tim no mix drink ? lorraine uh , no . just beer . Tim and Brian turn to one another , both imitate Jim backus . tim | need a Old - fashion the old - fashioned way . brian the way dear old dad use to make ‘em . Brian and Tim laugh . lorraine turn to Tim . lorraine how about you , Tim ? what be you do tomorrow night ? tim ( think ) 64 Sunday night ? '' lassie , '' then '' Ed Sullivan , '' then '' gunsmoke , '' why ? brian ring-a-ding-ding ! lorraine never mind . see ya . mindy bye , lorraine . Nice meeting you , phil . phil yeah , you , too . lorraine and phil walk away . lorraine look back , then at phil and shake she head phil what ? lorraine the tv generation . phil be you from another generation ? lorraine apparently . ( wave she hand ) this one . where some thing still matter . Ring - a-ding-de ? '' lassie '' and '' gunsmoke . '' good God ! you people and you mindless amusement . phil hey , | do not invent this stuff . blame Edison . lorraine stop and turn to face phil . lorraine but it 's not reality , phil . we live in reality , where there 's suffer and injustice and war . phil 65 | think you forget locust and cattle disease . lorraine get angry . lorraine it 's not funny ! phil ( shake he head ) damn , you be one serious girl . what do you want to be when you grow up ? abraham lincoln ? lorraine ( smile ) or a modern female version of he . phil take lorraine 's ink-stain hand . phil | have a great idea that will help all of society . lorraine what 's that ? phil let 's drink some more beer . do | mention that beer be like liquid bread ? lorraine yes , you do . they sit down at the table . phil well it be , you know . and dark beer be like pumpernickel bread . ( pour beer ) sadly , this stuff be like wonder bread . lorraine but it 's ok ' cause then you do not really get drunk . phil yeah , but | like get drunk . 66 they toast and drink . the m.c. step back up to the small blackboard and erase Bobby Lee 's name . phil watch the m.c. erase the name , then look down to he own first name at the bottom of the list . there 's still seven people above he , but nevertheless phil be get nervous . he glance at he guitar , then scratch he chin . the next name list be '' moustapha . '' the m.c. step up to the microphone . m.c. I would now like to introduce a personal friend of mine ... ( he wink at moustapha who shake he head ) . .. moustapha hakim ! moustapha stand hold he beat - up guitar and step in front of the microphone . moustapha greeting , lady and gentleman . I would like to sing a song by the great huddie ledbetter , better know as '' leadbelly . '' this man spend most of he life in prison . but even when he be not in prison , he be not ( continue ) moustapha ( cont. ) free . in America negroes be still slave , sit in the back of the bus , live in the ghetto , die in poverty . the Springfield five be just one more example of the american hypocrisy . the audience feel ashamed . lorraine look around and grin . moustapha then sing '' bourgeois blue . '' moustapha ( sing ) I and my wife go out on the town everywhere we go the people turn we down Lord it 's a bourgeois town it 's a bourgeois town | get the bourgeois blue I be gonna spread the news all around 67 Home of the brave land of the free | do not want to be mistreate by no bourgeoisie Lord it 's a bourgeois town it 's a bourgeois town | get the bourgeois blue I be gonna spread the news all around I and my wife we be start upstairs | hear a white man say | do not want no nigger up there Lord it 's a bourgeois town it 's a bourgeois town | get the bourgeois blue I be gonna spread the news all around ( continue ) moustapha ( cont . ) the white folk in Washington they know how they call a color man a nigger just to see he bow Lord it 's a bourgeois town it 's a bourgeois town | get the bourgeois blue I be gonna spread the news all around tell all the color folk listen to I do not try to buy no home in Washington D.C. oh Lord it 's a bourgeois town it 's a bourgeois town | get the bourgeois blue I be gonna spread the news all around there be a big round of guilty applause . 68 m.c. moustapha hakim , lady and gentleman . moustapha sit back down at the table beside phil look satisfied . moustapha the blue have come . terry and they be go , man , solid go . moustapha thank you . they slap five . the m.c. get back up on stage and erase moustapha 's name . phil note this with a wince . next on the list be '' 4 feather . '' m.c . and now I would like to introduce some purple onion hootenanny regular , lady and gentleman will you please welcome the incredible harmony of the four feather ! the four feather take the stage . they be all reasonably looped and get a big round of applause . pete the U.S. and the Soviet Union continue to conduct atomic bomb test , irradiate we land , water and sky . lee we say , '' Ban the bomb ! '' ronnie there 's only one world and we all have to live in it together . it 's time to wake up , people ! the four feather then proceed to do a beautifully harmonize rendition of '' darling Corey . '' 69 four feather ( sing ) wake up , wake up , darlin’ Corey what make you sleep so sound ? the revenue officer be comin 's gonna tear you still - house down the first time | see darlin’ Corey she be stand by the sea she have a .45 strapped around she bosom she have a banjo on she knee go away , go away , darlin’ Corey quit hangin’ around my bed that liquor have ruin my body pretty woman go to my head ( continue ) four feather ( cont . ) oh yes , oh yes , my darlin 's I will do the best | can I will never give my pleasure to another gamblin’ man dig a hole , dig a hole in the meadow dig a hole in the cold , cold ground dig a hole , dig a hole in the meadow gonna lay my Corey down . the four feather pause for a big round of applause , then launch directly into '' when the Saints go march in '' which bring on a bigger round of applause . four feather ( sing ) we be travel in the footstep of that that have come before and we will all be reunite on a new and sunlit shore oh when the saint go march in oh when the saint go march in oh Lord | want to be in that number 70 when the saint go march in and when the sun refuse to shine and when the sun refuse to shine oh Lord | want to be in that number and when the sun refuse to shine phil look like he 's have a heart attack . lorraine put she hand on he shoulder reassuringly . four feather oh when the trum - pet sound the call oh when the trumpet sound the call oh Lord | want to be in that number oh when the trumpet sound the call ( continue ) four feather ( cont . ) some say this world of trouble be the only one we need but I be wait for the mornin 's when the new world be reveal oh when the new world be reveal oh when the new world be reveal oh Lord | want to be in that number oh when the new world be reveal oh when the saint go march in oh when the saint go march in oh Lord | want to be in that number when the saint go march in the four feather bring down the house . the audience clap and stomp they foot . lorraine , Terry and the whole table join they loudly . phil honestly look ill . he be ina total panic . his hand be sweat and he look nauseous . phil ( to no one in particular ) I think | gotta go . phil start to stand and lorraine reach out and take he arm . 71 lorraine what do you mean ? phil | can not do this . lorraine sure you can . you will be fine . phil ( seriously ) no , no , you do not understand . lorraine ( smile reassuringly ) of course | do . everyone feel this way they first time . phil yeah , but this people be really good . lorraine right . and they not professional . phil yeah , but they really seem to ... care . lorraine well , do not you ? phil ( good question ) um ... lorraine spot someone she know and quickly exit . lorraine ' scuse I . phil be in a deep quandary . he glance over at the door —he could just leave and no one would be the wiser . meanwhile , Terry be watch he . terry what 's wrong ? 72 phil ( sigh deeply ) lorraine be do the song that | be gonna do . | be all ready , too , y'know . | practice the song like a hundred time . but now I be screw . Terry take pity on phil . terry come with I . everything will be just fine . phil what ? terry just come on . Terry lead phil out the back door . ext . the purple onion / alley — night Terry and phil come out into the under - light alley behind the purple onion . Terry pull out a big , fat , crooked cigarette . phil can not believe it . he look all around to make sure they be alone . phil ( shocked ) that 's marijuana , be not it ? Terry nod , lighting up . terry say it louder , maybe a cop will hear you . phil ( frighten ) but , it 's illegal . terry yep . phil do not it lead to hard drug like morphine and heroin ? 73 terry ( grin fiendishly ) whoa ! slow down , tiger . one step at a time . Terry hand phil the burn joint . phil hesitantly take it , give the issue one more brief moment of consideration , shrug , then take a hit . int . the purple onion — night lorraine sit back down in she seat , look somewhat embarrassed and straighten she hair . she notice that phil and Terry 's chair be empty . she glance around as though people be look at she and pull she sweater close . the m.c. step up to the microphone , grin , he hair askew . m.c. lady and gentleman , I be proud to welcome back a purple onion regular , a dedicated fighter for equality and justice , and the organizer of the Springfield five defense fund meeting here tomorrow at eight . let 's give a warm hand to lorraine Dempsey ! lorraine throw a last look at the empty seat on either side of she where phil and Terry use to be , shake she head , smile and head up on stage hold she guitar . lorraine sometimes it 's not easy to do what 's right . we be always tempt to go the other way . to take the wrong path . and sometimes we do not even know which path we be on . justice , freedom and equality be not just word . they be goal that we have to work for . that 's why | strongly urge you to be here tomorrow night at eight p.m. for a very important meeting . we can make a difference . . . ext . the purple onion / alley — night phil and Terry be just finish the joint . they eye be bloodshot and at half - mast . they be stone . phil ( grin ) 74 man , if | have a hammer I would hurt myself . they both laugh like total idiot . terry so , what 's dya think ? phil about what ? ( Terry wave he hand , phil grin ) oh , yeah . boss . be it always like this ? terry like what ? phil this ? terry yeah . phil wow . how much be this stuff ? terry pretty cheap . phil and you get it from ... um ( he can not remember ) that negro man . terry moustapha . right . phil do he grow it . terry no , man . he get it from someone else who get it from someone else who bring it from Panama or Mexico or wherever . phil 75 wow ! too much ! | feel like I be in Panama or Mexico or wherever now . terry yeah . | know what you mean . wherever 's where it 's at . phil and that 's where we be . where it 's at . terry yeah . they start laugh idiotically again . int . the purple onion — night lorraine proceed to sing '' / for | have a Hammer 's in a pretty and forceful way . lorraine ( sing ) if | have a hammer ?’'d hammer in the mornin’ '' hammer in the evenin 's all over this land I would hammer out danger ?’'d hammer out warnin’ '' hammer out love between my brother and my sister all over this land if | have a bell I would ring it in the mornin 's I would ring it in the evenin 's all over this land I would ring out danger I would ring out warnin 's I would ring out love between my brother and my sister all over this land if | have a song — ext . the purple onion / alley — night 76 Terry be hold forth to a stone and completely rapt phil . terry elvis and Chuck Berry and Little Richard and Jerry Lee Lewis all have they career take from they , man . where would they all go ? what happen to rock & roll ? they be stop , draft , arrest , persecute . they career be stop . why ? it 's because there 's a conspiracy to stop rock & roll , and I be tell you it 's the same guy that kill Kennedy . phil have no idea what Terry 's talk about . phil kill Kennedy ? Lee harvey oswald kill Kennedy . terry ( light up ) ah ha ! that 's what they have like you to believe . phil then Jack Ruby kill oswald . terry pretty convenient , huh ? get rid of the patsy . phil but | see it on tv . terry yeah ? | see '' howdy doody '' on tv but that do not make it true . phil look all around , freaking out . int . the purple onion — night lorraine finish the song with a flurry . lorraine well , | have a hammer 77 and | have a bell and | have a song to sing all over this land it 's the hammer of justice it 's the bell of free -e-dom it 's a song about love between my brother and my sister all over this land lorraine receive a big round of applause . she glance at the two empty seat and furrow she brow . the audience holler for '' more ! '' lorraine all right . now we be all gonna sing a song together , because we all have to stick together if we be gonna make thing better . and we can all start by be here tomorrow night at eight to help put together the defense fund for the Springfield five . ok ? now , instead of sing '' the '' union , let 's all sing '' we 's union , ok ? and if you do not know the verse , just join in for the chorus . lorraine begin to play the melody to '' the Battle hymn of the Republic '' which become '' solidarity forever . '' the audience hesitantly join in at first , but get stronger with each chorus . lorraine ( sing ) solidarity forever solidarity forever solidarity forever for we union make we strong . when we union 's inspiration through the worker 's blood shall run there can be no power great anywhere beneath the sun yet what force on Earth be weaker than the feeble strength of one but we union make we strong solidarity forever solidarity forever 78 solidarity forever for we union make we strong . it be we who plow the prairy built the city where they trade dug the mine and build the workshop Endless mile of railroad laid now we stand outcast and starve ' mid the wonder we have make but we union make we strong ( continue ) lorraine ( cont . ) solidarity forever solidarity forever solidarity forever for we union make we strong . they have take untold million that they never toiled to earn but without we brain and muscle not a single wheel will turn we can break they haughty power gain we freedom when we learn that we union make we strong . solidarity forever solidarity forever solidarity forever for we union make we strong . in we hand be place the power Greater than they hoard gold Greater than the might of atom magnify a thousand fold we can bring to birth a new world from the ash of the old for we union make we strong . ( lorraine call out ) now , come on ! everybody ! ( everybody join in ) solidarity forever solidarity forever solidarity forever 79 for we union make we strong . there be the biggest round of applause of the evening . everybody laugh and cheer . lorraine return to she table to the smile of she friend , then seat herself between the two empty seat and frown . Debbie be drunk and give lorraine a fresh beer and another cigarette , which lorraine gratefully take . Alvin keep one hand on he wife 's belly while drink and smoking with the other . debbie ( drunk ) good job , lorraine . solidarity forever ! alvin ( drunk ) that be great , lorraine , just great . ( point at Debbie 's belly ) this kid be gonna grow up in a better world than what we get . what we get be shit . Old and wear - out and bust . lorraine look all around . lorraine have you see Terry or phil ? Alvin and Debbie look around . debbie no . lorraine stand . lorraine I will be back in a sec . lorraine leave . Debbie drunkenly turn back to Alvin . debbie and that 's why you have get to get a better job . alvin oh , Jesus Christ ! | do not give a shit about a better job , can not you get that through you thick skull ? debbie 80 | get it , but I be not buyin’ it . phil and Terry return and they be toast and giggle . Terry give moustapha the thumb -up . terry I will go get some more beer . phil good think . phil sit down beside moustapha . phil so , uh ... moustachio — moustapha — moustapha . phil exactly . so , what 's it like be a negro ? moustapha ( laugh ) Boy , you be stone . phil ( look around ) yeah ? | guess so . everything have sort of a echo . moustapha '' what 's it like be a negro ? '' shit ! what 's it like be a silly little stone white boy ? phil ( grin foolishly ) not bad . pretty good , actually . moustapha but that wear off . bein 's black do not . everywhere you go , all the time , you still a negro , and you be generally outnumber , unless you be in the ghetto . all the white folk be friendly here tonight , but that do not mean they will not be back out lynchin’ nigger 81 again tomorrow . phil ( this be heavy ) wow ! moustapha ( sarcastic ) wow ! golly gee-whiz ! ( point at phil ) | be down in Birmingham last year for Dr. King 's big march , the one where he get arrest . you hear about that ? phil uh ... maybe . moustapha ( shake he head sadly ) shit ! you do not know anything , do you ? you head 's as empty as a bucket , that 's why you hear a echo . what be you doin’ here , anyway ? you be not no folkie . you be not commit to no cause . phil point at lorraine who be talk to a guy at another table . phil she invite I . moustapha ( laugh ) yeah , the great recruiter , sweet lorraine . ( get serious ) y’know , man , we all stand for somethin’ , even if we do not know what it be . you can either stand for something on purpose or by mistake , but either way you still do . think about it . phil do think about it . when he look up moustapha have leave and he 's the only one leave sit at the table . he immediately get paranoid , think that everyone must be look at he . he can not figure out what to do with he hand . phil start bite he nail . he stop himself and light a cigarette from a pack on the table . 82 lorraine sit down beside phil . lorraine you miss my song . phil you sing more than one ? lorraine two . they go over very well . phil well that 's cool . she look phil in the eye and shake she head in disapproval . lorraine ( whisper ) you and Terry smoke pot ? phil ( stutter ) um ... thatis ... we , uh ... lorraine ( shocked ) that 's so irresponsible . phil what 'dya mean ? lorraine phil , you be about to go on . phil wave he hand , smile . phil no , no , no . there 's still gotta be six or seven people ahead of I . he say they probably would not get to I anyway . phil point at the blackboard and there be still quite a few people ahead of he , except the m.c. suddenly pick up the eraser and erase all the name above phil 's name . now phil be next . phil 's mouth drop open in panic . 83 m.c . due to several last minute cancellation , may | introduce one more good friend of lorraine 's , phil butler ! phil get a squeeze on the arm from lorraine and a thumb - up from Terry , moustapha , Alvin and Debbie . phil make he way onstage , which be a very long walk . he sit down on the stool , strum he guitar , cough , squint up at the bright light glaring in he eye . phil that 's Buckley , not butler . the audience could really give a shit less . and sadly , phil have not get the slight clue what to play . this be the worst moment of he entire life . phil suddenly have super- sonic hearing and sight — he can hear people breathe , puffing on cigarettes , move they chair , all look at he expectantly . phil move closer to the lower , guitar microphone and get feedback . phil suddenly shove the microphone into the hole in the guitar and proceed to do the elvis-style version of '' if | have a Hammer . '' phil if | have a h-h-h-hammer pd h-h-h-hammer in the mornin 's I would h-h-h-hammer in the evenin 's all over this crazy old land , oh yeah ! there be a big solid moment when the audience have absolutely no idea what they be watch . they look befuddle . phil do not care . in for a penny in for a pound . he go for it ... phil lo' - a hammer out danger ?’'d - a hammer out warnin’ '' - a hammer out - a love between my brother and my sister all over this land phil do the Chuck Berry duckwalk . the audience be sufficiently drunk so that they begin to clap along , hoot and holler . phil grab two beer bottle and clank they together . phil if | have a bell I would ring - a-d - ding it in the mornin 's I would ring - a-d - ding it in the evenin 's all over this land I would ring -a-d -ding out danger I would ring -a-d - ding out warnin 's I would ring -a-d -ding out love between my brother and my sister all over this land if | have a song you can just bet I have sing it in the mornin 's and I would sing it in the evenin 's all over this nutty old land I would sing out danger I would sing out warnin 's I would sing out love between my brother and my sister all over this land ( give a big pelvis shake ) ha ! there be a huge round of applause for phil . he take a bow , happily surprised at the turn of event . the m.c. come on . m.c . that 's phil Buckley , not butler . sorry about that , buddy . very funny routine . you ought to be on Ed Sullivan . anyway , thanks for come to the purple onion 's weekly hootenany . and do not forget about the defense fund meeting for the Springfield five tomorrow . and thanks for come . last call . many people stand up to leave . lorraine look at phil in astonishment as he gulp down a beer . Terry be grin and slap phil on the back . 84 85 terry this guy be a wild man . lorraine | can not decide whether that be inspire or just pure nonsense . phil do it matter ? lorraine | do not know . they all stand to leave . as everyone file out we can see numerous yellow flyer strewn hither , thither and yon . lorraine sigh , pick some of they back up as she exit . dissolve : ext . the purple onion — night in front of the club phil and Terry be watch lorraine say goodbye to everyone and give out yellow flyer . lorraine remember the meeting be here tomorrow at eight . many people say that they will be there . finally , the only people leave be lorraine , phil and Terry . lorraine confront phil and Terry . lorraine | can not believe you miss my song . phil ( abash ) sorry . lorraine step up to phil 's side and take he arm . lorraine goodnight Terry . 86 phil yeah , goodnight Terry . Nice meeting you . Terry see what 's what . terry yeah , you too . ' night , lorraine . Terry leave . lorraine and phil look at each other . the neon light on the front of the building go out , plunging lorraine and phil into darkness . lorraine you hurt my feeling . phil sorry . do you like my song ? lorraine honestly , no . phil ( hurt ) you do not ? lorraine you fake it . phil but they like it . lorraine ( confuse ) hmmm ... phil take advantage of this moment and kiss lorraine . they stand look at each other . lorraine I be not really sure | like you . phil ( grin ) 87 I neither . he kiss she again . just then the m.c. step out of the door . phil and lorraine 's lip separate . the m.c. see they lurking there . m.c . be that you , lorraine ? lorraine yeah , it be . m.c. still recruiting for the cause ? lorraine up yours ! m.c. goodnight he leave . lorraine and phil kiss again , longer . lorraine step away from he . lorraine see you tomorrow ? phil absolutely . lorraine walk away and phil watch she go . finally , phil walk off in the other direction . fade out : act three : a title read : '' Sunday , February 9 , 1964 '' fade in : ext . phil 's house — day the morning sun shine over the top of phil 's house . phil 's father push a lawnmower out of the garage , pull the rope and start the noisy engine . int . phil 's bedroom — day 88 phil lie in bed asleep . the sound of the lawnmower engine slowly wake he up . phil glance at the clock and see that it 's after 10:00 a.m . he 's never sleep this long in he life . he look down at the pillow and see a three - inch circle of drool . phil ( to himself ) | feel like | get hit on the head with a hammer . phil glance over at he dresser where three fold - up yellow flyer repose . phil scratch he head and a wistful smile cross he face as he recall last night . phil ( to himself ) sweet lorraine. ( smile ) | knock ‘em dead . they love I . int . phil 's house / hallway outside bathroom — day we can see the close door of the bathroom and hear the water run in the shower . we can also hear phil sing in the shower . phil ( o.s. / sing ) if | have a h-h-hammer ?’'d hammer a lot then I would h-h-hammer some more then I would hammer on the door '' h-h-hammer all the nail stickin 's out of the log then I would h-h-hammer all the ant and I have hammer all the dog phil 's mother and he brother meet in the hallway , stop and listen to phil for a moment . dan what 's with he ? mrs . buckley ( shrug ) | guess he have a good time last night . dan Holy Toledo , | sure hope he do not turn into 89 a folkie . mrs . buckley ( sigh ) it might be good for he . he 's seem awfully aimless lately . and that folk people do seem to care about thing . dan ( skeptical ) yeah , | guess . but ma ... mrs . buckley yes ? dan ( confuse ) do people just change like that ? mrs . buckley ( shrug ) sometimes , | suppose . his mother walk away . Dan consider she word for a second , then he too walk away . phil keep right on sing in the shower . phil ( o.s. / sing ) I would h-h-hammer all the bug then I would h-h-hammer all the bat then I would h-h-hammer all the cat then I would h-h-hammer all the gnat . . . int . phil 's bedroom — day phil stand in front of he mirror with wet hair , he guitar in hand , pose . he do he poor Ed Sullivan imitation . phil we have a really big shew . for all of you folk fan that like Bob Dylan and Peter , Paul & Mary , | now give you the new voice of the nation , phil Buckley ! the crowd cheer wildly . phil act humble as he raise he guitar . 90 phil thank you , thank you . ext . phil 's house — day phil 's father be rake up the cut grass on the front lawn . phil come outside . phil here , let I help . mr . buckley Excuse I ? phil let I help . mr . buckley ( amaze ) huh . I be not sure I have ever hear you say anything like that before . phil ( seriously ) look , dad , if we be all gonna get by in this world then | guess we have better pitch in and help each other , right ? mr . buckley right . he hand phil the rake . phil shrug , take it and begin to rake . his father grab the pile of cut grass and put they in a trash can . mr . buckley so , how be you date last night ? phil good . Real good . mr . buckley and you get up and sing ? phil yep . and they like I , too . 91 mr . buckley well , I will be damned . I be really glad to hear it , phil . so you be go to become a musician now ? phil dad , | be a musician . mr . buckley ( shrug ) ok . all right . you sure get you money 's worth out of that two week of guitar lesson . phil ( defensive ) it be three week , ok ? and I have have keep it up , but my finger hurt really bad , all right ? his father throw he hand up in capitulation . mr . buckley all right , all right . dissolve : int . phil 's house / kitchen — day phil 's mother make lunch while phil lecture she . phil be it right for a woman to make less money do the same job as a man ? mrs . buckley of course not . phil that 's right . and be it right for negroes to have to sit at the back of the bus ? mrs . buckley well , no . phil 92 that 's right , no . it 's time to stand up and let we voice be hear . his mother scoops gob of mayonnaise into the tuna fish and nod in agreement . mrs . buckley so you sing a song last night ? phil yeah . mrs . buckley how would it go ? phil ( casually ) great . they love I . mrs . buckley ( surprised ) really ? that 's very nice . phil walk away . phil oh yeah , they be a good crowd . dissolve : ext . phil 's house / backyard — day phil and Dan play catch with mitt and a hardball in the backyard . phil so then the same guy that stop rock & roll kill Kennedy . dan ( fascinate ) really ? how ? phil it 's very complicated and you probably will not 93 understand , but it 's what 's call a '' conspiracy , '' which mean that a bunch of people be involved . dan yeah ? how many ? phil | do not know , but a bunch . so then , after they stop rock & roll by send elvis away to the army , they decide they have to kill Kennedy to keep he quiet . dan really ? that 's creepy . what else do they do ? phil they set Lee harvey oswald up as a patsy , then have Jack Ruby shoot he to shut he up . Dan be horrify . dan do mom and dad know this ? phil ( shrug helplessly ) probably not . they accept anything they be tell . just like robot . dissolve : ext . the purple onion — day Max , the beatnik , loiter around in front of the purple onion smoking a cigarette . lorraine come drive up in she parent 's enormous green cadillac , every square inch of space jamme with wooden fold chair . the trunk bulge open and be tie down with twine . max ( shake he head ) wow ! what a Jew canoe . lorraine that 's not nice . 94 max lorraine , time to get a sense of humor . | be kid . lorraine disparage remark about religion be not funny . max what 's wrong with you ? lorraine where be you last night ? max | hang out with some buddy , why ? lorraine you say you be come to the purple onion ? max | do not make it . lorraine then why have you say you be come ? max lorraine , | do not owe you anything . I be here unload chair out of a sense of commitment , not out of guilt . lorraine | just do not like it when people say thing and do not do they , that 's all . max yeah . well get use to it . Max and lorraine silently unload the wooden chair and lean they against the wall . both of they throw hurt , reproving glance at one another . dissolve : int . phil 's bedroom — night phil be get dress and rehearse in front of the mirror . 95 phil ( to himself ) and | say , the Springfield five must be freed or none of we be safe . if five Springfield youth can be put in jail for absolutely no good reason , then | say , who 's next ? ( turn and yell ) Mom ! mrs . buckley ( 0.s , ) yes . phil have | get any clean sock ? mrs . buckley ( o.s. ) in the laundry room . phil thanks . ( continue ) so | say , free the Springfield five , that 's what | say . and damnit , | mean what | say . phil exit he bedroom . int . phil 's house / live room — night phil step into the live room once again dress up and ready to go out , guitar case in hand . he find he family in the exact same position he leave they last night , seat at tv table watch tv . Dan look at phil and shake he head sadly . dan you be not go back to the purple onion again , be you ? phil what if | be ? dan ( total disdain ) 96 nothin’ . only Ed Sullivan be about to go on now and the Beatles be gonna be on show tonight , that 's all . phil be stricken . phil the Beatles . uh! | have to see they ! dan so sit down . phil but | tell this girl I would go to she stupid meeting . she give I three flyer . he pull out the three yellow flyer . Dan point at he and laugh . dan ( grin fiendishly ) ha ha ! phil be paralyze . mr . buckley now phil , you tell this girl you have attend the meeting . mrs . buckley that 's right , phil . and what about the rights of the negroes and woman ? Dan look right at phil and speak flatly . dan the Beatles , phil . '' she love you , yeah , yeah , yeah , '' '' | wanna hold you Hand , '' '' twist & shout . '' phil ( immobilize ) uh ... int . the purple onion — night 97 lorraine come rush into the purple onion in a fluster , she arm load with grocery bag , as well as she guitar . the m.c. be wait for she impatiently . m.c . for God 's sake , lorraine , I be gonna miss Ed Sullivan . lorraine oh , for goodness 's sake , Ed Sullivan be just a old gossip columnist . m.c. ( befuddle ) there be time , lorraine , when | do not understand you at all . he give she the key to the club , then rush out . lorraine take off she coat and begin to hurriedly set thing up for the meeting . the 50 fold chair still need unfold . she tack a hand - make poster up on the wall that read , '' free the Springfield five ! '' int . phil 's house / live room — night phil still stand there look at he family and he family sit there look back at he . the open title music for '' the Ed Sullivan show '' begin and phil 's guitar case hit the floor . phil seat himself on the couch beside he mother , who be knitting . Blue light flicker on they face as we hear the Ed Sullivan show begin . ed sullivan ( 0.s. ) tonight we have a really big shew , with topo gigo , the italian mouse , the St. Petersburg ballet , and for you youngster out there — ( young girl scream shrilly ) — from Liverpool , England , the Beatles ! the scream grow louder still . phil and he family sit mesmerize , they mouth open , light in flicker blue . ext . phil 's house & block — night every single house on the block be emit blue illumination and be tune to Ed Sullivan . ed sullivan 98 ( 0.s. ) but first stay tune to a word from we sponsor , chesterfield cigarettes . int . the purple onion — night lorraine be just finish set up . she have all 50 fold chair unfold and arrange in row , pile of flyer line up on a table , several jug of cider and paper cup . she give everything a final inspection , straighten this , turn that . she sigh , look around expectantly , glance down at she watch . int . phil 's house / live room — night phil and he family stare at the tv . a piece of classical music end . ed sullivan ( 0.s. ) let 's give a nice warm hand to the St. Petersburg ballet . ( polite applause be hear ) | would now like to read a telegram that | receive today from Colonel Tom parker and elvis presley . '' congratulation to the Beatles on they american debut . '' the girl go crazy scream again . ext . cityscape — night ( digital effect ) we see the entire city and come out of every single window of every house and building be the blue light of Ed Sullivan . ed sullivan ( 0.s. ) and now , lady and gentleman , from Liverpool , England . . . the Beatles ! the crowd go completely insane . Paul 's first bass note be hear — int . the purple onion — night — lorraine sit look down at the yellow flyer announce the meeting . she crumple it up and throw it away . we then see that she be sit among 49 empty fold chair . nobody show up for she meeting . lorraine look very frustrated and light a cigarette . finally , she stand up knock over she chair . she go over to the table , 99 take all the flyer and throw they in the trash , then five pound of potato salad , too . ext . cityscape — night ( digital effect ) once again we see the entire city with flicker blue light come out of every window . ed sullivan ( 0.s. ) the Beatles will be on the show again next Sunday night live from the paradise Hotel in Miami Beach , Florida . a title appear on the screen : '' of the 180 million people in America in 1964 , 73 million people watch the Beatles on Ed Sullivan that Sunday night , still make it proportionally the large audience for any show , ever . '' int . purple onion — night lorraine pick up she guitar and exit . a second later all the light go off . ext . the purple onion — night lorraine step out of the purple onion and lock the door . just then phil come run up , guitar case in hand . he see lorraine and smile . phil hi . be | late ? lorraine ( laugh ) be you late ? phil be |? lorraine ( flatly ) you miss it . it 's over . phil ( casually ) whoops . sorry about that . do it go all right ? 100 lorraine look around . you see anyone else ? phil ( look around ) uh...no . break up early ? lorraine ( flatly ) yeah , it break up early . phil so , you wanna get a cup of coffee ? lorraine laugh sardonically . lorraine you do not give a shit at all , do you ? phil about what ? lorraine about anything . phil ( offended ) hey ! | care about a lotta stuff . lorraine like what ? phil well , like music . lorraine ha ! you can not even play the goddamn guitar . | mean , for Christ sake , how be you ever go to be a musician ? phil | tell ya , it 's possible . lorraine 101 so be get hit by a meteor . y’know , you be what the world be come to , phil , and | do not like it ! apathy and inability . it 's a really bad combination . phil what 's get into you ? | think we have a really good time last night . lorraine ( point ) you do not show up to my goddamn meeting ! phil I say | be sorry . lorraine so what ? do say you sorry push the erase button or something ? | just throw out five pound of potato salad . ya know what ? phil ( uncertain ) what ? lorraine Drop dead ! lorraine turn and walk away . phil where be you go ? lorraine Italy . ( she wave ) arivederci ! lorraine stomp away , disappear into the night . phil stand there look daze . phil ( to himself ) huh. 102 just then Terry come run up from the other direction , also carry a guitar case . terry do | miss the meeting ? phil we both do . terry do you see the Beatles on Ed Sullivan ? phil oh yeah , they be boss ! terry I be never cuttin’ my hair again . phil Boy oh boy , that girl be really scream , huh ? terry man , they be cry . I have never see anything like it . phil I neither . terry | like John . phil really . | like George . he sure can play that guitar . they both look geek up . phil you just miss lorraine . she throw a hairy fit at I for miss the meeting . Terry wave he hand disdainfully . 103 terry the Springfield five . | mean , who give a crap ? not I . phil ( chuckle ) not I , either . terry wanna come over my place ? we could smoke some more reefer , y'know , maybe jam a little bit ? what 'dya say ? phil really ? cool . terry cool 's out , man . no one 's say it anymore . phil really ? no kid ? what be they say instead . terry tuff. t-u-f - F . it 's really tuff , y'know . phil ( nod ) ok . cool. | mean , tuff . they both exit . we stay on the dark and empty exterior of the purple onion . we hear last night 's cheer crowd and ronnie , the female member of the four feather , speak . ronnie ( 0.s. ) thank you . thank you very much . y’know , it just so happen we do have one more song . dissolve : int . the purple onion — night ( flashback ) it 's the night before at the purple onion and the four feather be on stage . they sing the song '' goodnight irene '' and the entire audience happily join in , include phil. 104 four feather ( sing ) irene goodnight irene goodnight goodnight irene goodnight irene I will see you in my dream last Saturday night | get marry I and my wife settle down now I and my wife be parte I be gonna take another stroll downtown irene goodnight irene goodnight goodnight irene goodnight irene I will see you in my dream sometimes | live in the country sometimes | live in the town sometimes | take a great notion to jump in the river and drow irene goodnight irene goodnight goodnight irene goodnight irene I will see you in my dream ( continue ) four feather ( cont . ) you cause I to weep you cause I to moan you cause to leave my home but the very last word that | hear she say be just sing I one more song irene goodnight irene goodnight goodnight irene goodnight irene I will see you in my dream 105 stop you ramblin 's stop you gamblin 's stop stayin 's out late at night go home to you wife and you family stay there by you fireside bright ext . the purple onion — night it 's the whole , big -deal folk scene go on in front of the club , folky all over the place . dissolve : ext . the purple onion — night the building be abandon , the light be out and no one be around . one of lorraine 's yellow flyer blow past . four feather ( o.s. ) ( sing ) irene goodnight irene goodnight goodnight irene goodnight irene I will see you in my dream goodnight irene goodnight irene I will see you in my dream ... fade out .