in bruge by Martin mcdonagh 1 . ext . bruge street - night various shot of the empty , cobble -stone , other worldly street of bruge , Belgium . it 's winter , and a freezing fog cover everything ; the gothic church , the narrow canal , they odd little bridge . we could be in any period of the last five hundred year . we happen to be in the present day . ray speak over all this . ray ( v.0 . ) after I kill they I drop the gun in the Thames , wash the residue off my hand in the bathroom of a Burger king , and walk home to await instruction . shortly thereafter the instruction come through - " get the fuck out of London , you dumb fuck cunt . get to bruge '' . I do not even know where bruge fuck be . fade to black . ray ( v.0 . ) it 's in Belgium . open credit . ' 2 . ext . black screen ~ day SOUND only of two man walk , a train in the background . ray bruge be a shithole . ken bruge be not a shithole . ray bruge be a shithole . ken Ray , we have only just get off the fuck train . could we reserve judgement on bruge until we nve see the fuck place ? ray I know it 's gonna be a shithole . 3 . ext . bruge street - day ken and ray walk through the pretty Christmas - tide street from minnewater Park to the burg ; past quaint chocolate shop , past horse and cart , past canal boat , past tourist take photo of all this . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 2 . ken , pop - up map in hand , be enjoy the novelty of the place , which irritate the sulky ray no end . by the end of the walk we have pass most of bruge picturesque place , none of which could be describe as a shithole . ray shithole . 4 , ext . HOTEL canalside - day they arrive at they pretty canalside hotel , ken look it over . ken look quite nice . ray just look at he . 5 . int , HOTEL lobby - day a small ( five room ) family - run place ; a breakfast room off the lobby , a narrow set of carpete stair to the first ( and only ) floor , and a small front desk that nobody 's at . ken ring the bell . ray great service . ken ( quietly ) cheer ... fuck ... up , or I will smack you ... in you fat ... fuck ... head . ray yeah ? you and whose army ? you mum 's s? ken be you twelve year fuck old ? marie , the pretty , heavily pregnant receptionist / owner of about thirty , appear behind the desk , obviously have hear . ken oh , hello ... ray no , I be not twelve year fuck old . ray sit , in a mood . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 3. ken I think we have a couple of room book with you , under cranham and blakely . marie yes . no , we have one room book . one twin room . ken oh . marie book for two week . ray two week ?!! ken do you have another room ? marie no , I be afraid we nre fully book , with Christmas . everywhere 's fully book . 6 . int . HOTEL room - day ken look out at the pretty canal beneath the lattice picture -window . ray on one of the twin bed , stare at the poky room . ken it 's very pretty . ray Ken , I be not be funny . we can not stay here . ken we have get to stay here till he ring . ray what if he do not ring for two week ? ken then we stay here for two week . ray for two week ?! in fuck bruge ?! in a room like this ?! with you ?! no way . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 4 . ken Ray , I really do not like to say this ... ray you really do not like to say what ? ken well , y'know , I be not the one who kill the little kid , Ray . the life totally drain from ray 's face as he turn bleary - eye , sicken , sad . ray ( quietly ) Fucking bring that up ... ray go into the bathroom , close the door . ken ( quietly ) well ... I be not . 7 . int . HOTEL bathroom - day ray look at himself in the mirror , then break down in silent tear . he cry they all out , clean himself up . look at himself again . breathes deeply . 8 . ext . canal - day ray and ken at the back of a canal - boat , half full of tourist , sightseeing the waterway . the dull driver ' drone on , the usual quip . ray stare at ken as he do so ; ken enjoy the sight . he have a pocket guidebook with he , which he consult now and then . we see various of the town 's picturesque place . ray do you think this be good ? ken do I think what be good ? ray y'know , go round in a boat , look at stuff . ken xes . I do . it 's call sight - see . ken observe the sight further . ken look at that . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 5 . . ray look at what ? ken it 's a former hospital . ray look at he blankly . ken from the eleven-hundreds . ray look at he blankly . ken bruge be the most well - preserve medieval town in the whole of Belgium , apparently ray look at he blankly . ken can only smile . 9 . ext . begijnhof convent - day ken look at the building of the 13th century benedictine convent . ken this here ... ray Ken ! it 's just all old building !! can we go and get a fuck beer , please ? I assume they have beer in this fuck country . ken they have over three hundred different type of beer . ray Ken , I just want one . ray walk off . ken follow . 10 . int . irish bar - day ray happily plonk two pint in front of they , ken 's a odd - coloured one in a strangely shape glass . ray now this be more like it . proper holiday . one gay beer for my gay friend , one normal beer for I , because I be normal . ahh ! dis be duh loif . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 6 . ken we be not stay here get piss , we be quietly sight - see , like he say , and await he call to see what we do next . ray hand ken a English newspaper . ray ken. read it . they have not get a single lead . ken they say they have not get a single lead . ray Ken , come on , they be the English police . when they say they have not get a single lead , they have not get a single lead . this be my vote of what we should do . we give it another day , two day max , then we check the papers again and if there 's still nothing in ‘em we phone he and say '' Harry , thank you for the trip to bruge , it 's be very nice , all the old building and that , but we be come back to London now and hide out in a proper country where it be not all just fuck chocolate '' . ken my vote would be we quietly sight - see , like he say , and we await he call to see what we do next . ray sneer , drink , gesture to the paper . ray Close that up . as ken close the paper we glimpse the edge of a headline , read not ... in shoot death of little tobias '. ken you do not even know that we be here hide out . ray what be you talk about ? ken you do not even know that we be not here on a job . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 7 . ray what ? on a job ? ken yeah . ray here in bruge ? ken yeah . ray here in bruge , on a job ? ken yeah . ray why , what do he actually say ? ken he do not actually say nothing . ray so why do you think it might be ... ken I do not think anything . but it 's a bit fuck over - elaborate , be not it ? " go take he to hide out '' . '' go take he to hide out where ? '' '' go take he to hide out in fuck bruge '' . ( pause ) you can hide out in croydon . ray ( think ) mm. or Coventry . hmm . it be a bit over -elaborate . hmm . but we be not get no gun . ken Harry can get gun anywhere . ray hmm , interlest . velly interlest . 11 . int . HOTEL room - night ray sit at window , look at the beautiful night - light canal . ken lie on the bed , read a book , ' the death of capone 's by k.k.katurian . shoot script - in bruge ~ 29/12/2006 8 . ray he be not gonna ring tonight . ken keep read . ray ( pause ) how do capone die ? ken ( finish he cheesecake ) neuro-syphilis . ray nod , look out window again . ray he be not gonna ring tonight . let 's go out . ken go out where ? ray the pub . ken no. ray let 's go out and look at some of all the old medieval building and that , cos I bet they look even better at night , all light up . ken smile , put down he book . ray yes ! 12 . exp . gruuthuse museum / environ - night they wander the beautifully light building , sculpture and little bridge around the museum , ken consulting he guidebook , ray with two beer bottle in he trousers front pocket and one in he hand , happy out . ken this be the smallest bridge in bruge . ray ahh , it 's so little , look at it . bhh. hello little bridge . how would a little bridge 's voice go ? ( in a little bridge 's voice ) " hello . I be a little bridge '' . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 9 . ken yeah , go easy on the fuck beer now , Ray . ray I be ! sculpture garden . ken this be the four horseman of the apocalypse . design by rik poot , it say . rik poot . ray hmm . they be not the real four horseman of the apocalypse though , be they ? they be more sort of robot version . . ken yes , well , I guess they be more the artist 's impression of the four horseman of the apocalypse . the real four horseman of the apocalypse do not actually exist . ray do not they ? they be just make up ? ken yes . they might exist one day . that 's the whole thing . ray I like robot horse . they nre good . how would a four horseman of the apocalypse 's voice go ? probably angry . '' grrr '' . museum build . ken that there be call the ' gruuthuse Museum 's . ray they all have funny name , do not they ? ken yes , flemish . in here , this say , the belgian twice shelter fugitive English king from be murder . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 10 . ray so they be not all good . ken Henry iv and Charles ii , in 1471 and 1651 , respectively . ray I use to hate History , do not you ? it 's all just a load of stuff that 's already happen . what be they do over there ?! they be filming something ... they be filming midget !! ray run off excitedly . ken Ray ! 13 . ext . film set - night behind a rope cordon with a few other people , ray watch the crew et al as they set up between take , dry ice around . ray' Pov : a little way off , the film 's director be coach jimmy , a bored american dwarf actor , on how to creep along on tiptoe '' like a 1 'o mouse '' . jimmy , irritate , be force to ape this , without enthusiasm . director go off happy . jimmy quietly give he the finger behind he back . end Pov . ray be thrilled by all this dwarf / film stuff . ken come up . ken Ray , come on , let 's go . ray my arse ' let 's go 's . they be filming midget . ray spot a stun girl on set . ray oh my god ! look at that girl ! she 's gorgeous ! the girl smile over at the overly loud ray . ken Ray ? we be go right now . ray fuck off be we ! this the best bit of bruge so far ! you and you building . ken storm off . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 il . 14 . ext . film set / catering section - night the cute girl , chloe , get a coffee . ray get one too . ray hello . she just look at he . he 's smile gormlessly but seem safe . ray do you speak English ? chloe no . ray ah yes you do . everybody do . what be you filming midget for ? chloe smile - he 's so genuinely excited by it all . chloe it 's a dutch movie . it 's a dream sequence . it 's a pastiche of nicolas roeg 's ' do not look now 's . not a pastiche , but a ... ' homage 's be too strong ... a ' nod of the head 's . ray be bemuse but she 's so cute he do not mind . ray wow , you English be very good . he 's lose she , he know it . from the depth of he brain he finally dredge something up ... ray a lot of midget tend to kill themselves . yes . a disproportionate amount . of midget . in comparison to normal people . herve villechaise , off of fantasy Island . I think somebody off ' the time bandit 's . a hell of a lot of midget . kill themselves . I guess they must get really sad about , like , be really little , and that . people look at they , and laugh at they . Calling they name . ' shortarse 's . there 's another famous midget I be miss but I can not remember . it 's not the r2 D2 man , he 's still go . no , it 's somebody else . ause ui {orz ) shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 12 . ray ( cont would ) I hope you midget do not kill himself . you dream sequence will be fuck . chloe he do not like be call a midget . he prefer ' dwarf 's . ray well this be my exact point ! people go round call you a midget when you wanna be call a dwarf . of course you be gonna blow you head off ! she smile . ray my name 's Ray . what 's yours ? chloe Chloe . how do you get past the security man ? ray get past security man , it 's sort of my job . chloe you be a shoplifter ? ray no , I be not a shoplifter . good joke , though . no , I '11 tell you what I be at dinner tomorrow night . she laugh , walk away , and ray think he 's lose she , until she toss a small card over she shoulder and behind she , into the mud . ray pick the card up . it read ' chloe villette 's and a mobile number . he watch she , hope she will look back . she do not . ray how fuck cool . ray give the dwarf the thumb up as he walk away . the dwarf smile slightly . 15 . int . HOTEL lobby - night as ken pass up the stair , marie appear behind the desk . marie mister blakely ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 13 . ken yes . no , mister cranham . no! yes ! mister blakely . yes . marie you have a message . she hand he a envelope , blush , then hurry away again , ken a little disconcert at she behaviour . 16 . ext . HOTEL canalside - night lean on a wall by the night - light canal outside the hotel , ken open the envelope , see the type message be from harry . ken shit . harry ( v.0 . ) number one , why be not you in when I fuck tell you to be in ? number two , why do not this hotel have phone with fuck voicemail on they and not I have to leave message with the fuck receptionist ? number three , you better fuck be in tomorrow night when I fuck call again or there 'il be fuck Hell to pay , I be fuck tell you . Harry . ken sigh , then see the follow hand - write message at the bottom of the card - ' I 'm not the receptionist , i'm the CO - owner with my husband , patrice 's - sign ' marie 's . ken smile . in through the yellow - light window of the reception , marie be quietly talk to she unborn baby . 17 . ext . bruge street - night ray wander drunkenly the misty cobble street and bridge . a odd song play over , like a gentle music box on lsd . as he wander , there 's a happiness at have meet a girl , and a curiosity at find the night - light bruge a lot more interesting than he have have think . a child 's teddy bear have be leave on a canal wall . as ray try to button up it 's pretty little jacket , the bear 's head fall off and into the canal , and ray be remind , somewhat , of why he 's in bruge . 18 . int . HOTEL room - night the room be dark . sound of ray stomping up the stair , key fumble , open the door , turn the light on . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 14 . ken turn the fuck light off ! ray sorry , Ken . ken and keep the fuck noise down ! ray sit on he bed , take off he shoe . ray someone 's in a mood . ray turn the light off , let he shoe clatter to the floor , start take he clothes off . ray you will never guess what . ken can you shut you fuck mouth please and go to sleep ? ray oh , sorry . except I have gotta take my contact lense out . ray go to the bathroom , turn the light on , blind ken and waking he fully . he resign himself to it , turn onto he back , wide - eye . ray return with glass on . ray altogether I have have five pint of beer and six bottle ... no , six pint of beer and seven bottle , and y'know what ? I be not even piss ! ken just stare at the ceiling . ray you 'il never guess what , Ken ? ( pause ) Ken , you will never guess what ? ken what ? ray I have get a date for tomorrow night . ken I be so happy for ya . ray with a girl . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 15 . ken can you turn the light off , please ? ray only be in bruge one day , get a date with a girl in the film business . the Belgium film business . they be do a film about a midget . ( pause ) Harry do not ring , do he ? ken can you turn the light off , please ? ray do so , and get into bed . ray told you he would not . 19 . ext , london catholic church - day a small pretty church in a run down area . ken loitering outside . 20 . int . london catholic church - day flashback . confessional . the face of ray and father mchenry , a priest in he sixty , can just be see in the darkness . the crucifix on mchenry 's signet ring glint now and then . mchenry take you time , son . just take you time . ray what 's you name , Father ? pews . outside the confessional , a little boy of seven be kneel , await he turn . he go over he crime on he finger , but can not remember they properly . he take out a scrap of paper and look at it . mchenry ( 0.8 . ) it 's Father mchenry . what 's you name , son . just you first name ? confessional . ray it 's Ray , Father . Raymond . mchenry and what be it you have do , Raymond ? ray murder , Father . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 16 . mchenry murder ? why do you murder someone , Raymond ? ray for money , Father . mchenry for money ? you murder someone for money ? ray yes , Father . not out of anger , not out of nothing . for money . mchenry and who do you murder for money , Raymond ? ray clear he throat . ray you , Father . mchenry I be sorry ...? ray I say '' you , Father '' . what , be you deaf ? mchenry recoil from the gauze as ray cock he gun . ray Harry Waters say ' hello 's . ray shoot he point blank . mchenry burst out of he little compartment , clutching he stomach . ray shoot he again . mchenry wrench open the door of the confessional , try to get away , and , as daylight burst in from the body of the church , frame he in angelic shaft of light , ray shoot he in the back four more time , stop he dead in he track . . mchenry slowly turn around to face ray , still frame in the doorway , blood trickle from he mouth . mchenry the little boy . ray do not understand what he 's talk about . mchenry fall to he knee , then collapse backwards , dead , revealing behind he , still kneel in the pews , the little boy , whose head have be blow apart by one of the bullet that pass through the priest . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 17 . horrify , ray approach the boy who , though clearly dead , remain kneel , he hand clasped together in prayer , the scrap of paper between they . ray fall to he knee , pull the paper from the boy 's hand . it read ' 1 . be moody . 2. be bad at math . 3. be sad '. viewed from overhead , ken come run down from the back of the church , as ray collapse , and start drag ray away , they footstep echoing , leave the blood - soak corpse alone and silent and still . 21 . int . HOTEL room - day ray 's eye be open . he look at the bed beside he . it 's empty . he look at the blue sky through the lattice window , then at the grey ceiling , think . a tear fall from he cheek . he wipe it , sigh . 22 . int . HOTEL restaurant - day ken have breakfast , look through he guidebook . marie pass . ken um , miss ? Marie ? I be sorry about the message last night . the man who leave it be a bit of a ... well , he 's a bit of a ... marie cock ? ken ( smile ) yes . he 's a bit of a cock . she smile and pass on . ray hold a door open for she with a gallant flourish , come in , sit . ken Harry ring last night . we miss it . ken give ray the message , which he read . ray he swear a lot , don 's he ? ken we be stay in tonight , whatever happen . ray mm. except ... han . ken mm except hmm what ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 18 . ray except only really one of we need to stay in , really . ken uh-huh ? and which one of we would that be , Ray ? I think you do not like bruge . ray I do not like bruge . it 's a shithole . but I do already say I have a date with a belgian lady in the belgian film business , which I do already say about before . ken well just do not get into any fuck trouble . we be keep a low profile . and this morning and this afternoon we be do whatever I want to do . get it ? ray of course . which I presume will involve culture . ken we shall strike a balance between culture and fun . ray somehow I believe , Ken , that the balance shall tip in the favour of culture . like a big fat fuck retarded fuck black girl on a see - see , opposite ... a dwarf . I be down the park one day when I be little and this big fat retarded black girl come up and beat the fuck shit out of I for absolutely no reason . completely beat the shit out of I . ken what do she be black have anything to do with it ? ray well , she be black . ( pause ) she might not have be retarded . she might have just be one of they deaf and dumb people , I be not sure . whatever she be , she be a cunt . completely beat the shit out of I ! bitch ! shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 19 . 23 . int . groewinge museum - day ken and ray wander the gallery - various odd painting include ' the judgement of cambysis 's ( a flay alive ) and ' De gierigaard en de dood 's ( a skeletal death come to collect he due ) . they end up in front of bosch 's ' last judgement 's which we see various detail from - freakish demon torture various people in various freakish way . ken and ray take it all in , quietly . ray I quite like this one . all the rest be rubbish by spastic , but this one 's quite good . what 's it all about , then ? ken well it 's the last judgement . judgement Day . y'know ? . ray oh yeah ? what 's that then ? ken well it 's , y’know , the final day on Earth when mankind will be judge for all the crime they have commit . and that . ray oh . and see who get into Heaven and who get into Hell and all that ? ken yeah . ray and what 's the other place ? ken purgatory . ray purgatory . purgatory 's kind of like the inbetweeny one . '' you be not really shit , but you be not all that great , either . " like tottenham . do you believe in all that stuff , Ken ? ken tottenham ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 20 . ray the last judgement and the afterlife and ... guilt and ... sin and ... Hell and ... all that ...? ken realise that ray be really look for a answer . ken um ... oh. um ... 24 . ext . jan van eyckplein square - day ken and ray on a bench , the distinctive poorterslodge rise up behind they . ken I do not know , Ray . I do not know what I believe . um. 'o know , I be bring up believe certain thing , I be bring up Catholic , which I have more or less reject most of ... ray yeah , they be nut , be not they ? ken but the thing you be teach as a child , they never really leave you , do they ? so I believe in try to lead a good life , like if there 's a old lady carry she shopping home ... well , I do not try and help she carry she shopping , I do not go that far , but I nil certainly hold the door open for she and that and let she go out before I . ray yeah . and anyway , if you try to help she carry she shopping , she no probably think you be just try to nick she shopping . ken exactly . ray this be the world we live in today . ken and at the same time , at the same time as try to lead a good life , I have to reconcile that with the fact that , yes , I have kill people . not many people . and most of they be not very nice people . apart from one person . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 21 . ray who be that ? ken this fella Danny aliband 's brother . he be just try to protect he brother . like you or I would . he be just a lollipop man . but he come at I with a bottle . what be you gonna do ? I shot he down , ray hmm . in my book , though , someone come at you with a bottle , I be sorry , that be a deadly weapon , he 's gotta take the consequence . ken I know that in my heart , but I also know he be just try to protect he brother , you know ? ray I know , but a bottle , that can kill ya . that 's a case of " it 's you or he '' . if he have come at you with he bare hand , that would be different . that would not have be fair . ken but , technically , someone 's bare hand , they can kill you too . they can be deadly weapon too . what if he know karate , say ? ray you say he be a lollipop man . ken he be a lollipop man . ray what 's a lollipop man do , know fuck karate ? ken I be just say ... ray how old be he ? ken about fifty . shoot script ~ in bruge - 29/12/2006 22. ray what 's a fifty year old lollipop man do , know fuck karate ? what be he , a chinese lollipop man ? ken course not . ray well then . Jesus , Ken , I be try to talk about ... ken I know what you be try to talk about ... ray I kill a little boy . you keep bring up lollipop man ! ken you do not mean to kill a little boy . ray I know I do not mean to . but because of the choice I make , and the course that I put into action , a little boy be not here any more . and he 'il never be here again . ( pause ) y'know , I mean here in the world . not here in Belgium . ( pause ) well , he will never be here in Belgium either , will he ? he might have want to go , when he get older . I do not know why . and that 's all because of I . he be dead because of I . and I be try to ... I be try to get my head round it , but I can not . I will always have kill that little boy . and that be not ever gonna go away . ever . until , maybe , I go away . ken go away where ? ray give he a look . suicide be convey . ken do not even think like that . ray and even then it might not go away . look at that painting of fuck torment and Hell ... ( more ) shoot script - in bruge ~- 29/12/2006 23 . ray ( cont would ) Jesus , I be not sure if I fuck need that right now . the bloke who paint that , he must be bonker . ken do not think like that , Ray . it all get easier . it will . ray I think that 's the problem , Ken . I think that 's the problem . 25 . ext . market square - day ken look up at the 300ft bell - tower , the dominant landmark of town . ken you come up ? ray what 's up there ? ken the view . ray the view of what ? the view of down here ? I can see that from down here . ken Ray , you be about the worst tourist in the whole world . ray Ken , I grow up in Dublin . I love Dublin . if I have grow up on a farm , and be retarded , bruge might impress I , but I do not , so it do not . 26 . int . bell tower - entry kiosk - day a sign , ' entry five euros '. a stern belgian ticket - seller ( male ) behind glass . ken try to get rid of my coin . there 's 3 , .. 3:50 . there 's 4. 4:10 . 4:20 , 4:30 , 4:40 , 4:50 , 4:60 , 4:70 , 0 ... oh , 4:90 . will you take 4:90 ? ticket-seller tap the sign . ticket -seller entry be five Euro . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 24 , ken come on , man , it 's ten cent . ticket-seller tap the sign . ticket -seller entry be five Euro . ken collect up all he coin , pay a fifty Euro note . stare at the ticket - seller as he get he change and ticket . ken happy in you work ? ticket -seller very happy . ken give he a look , go through the turnstile . 27 . ext . market square - day ray sit wait outside the tower , watch people pass , Christmas stuff , he thought on darker thing . some way away jimmy the dwarf pass , in normal clothes . ray wave enthusiastically at he , smile . jimmy look at he , then look away without acknowledge . ray lose he smile . ray ( quietly ) Little fuck cunt . 28 . int . bell tower - day ken climb the narrow wind wooden staircase to the tower top . reaches the uppermost look - out room , slightly breathless . take in the town and environ . ken ( quietly ) I like it here . he see ray way down below . cock he finger , shoot he with a imaginary gun , just for fun . 29 . ext . market square - day a massive shadow fall over ray . Three enormously overweight Americans be stand there , one man , two women . overweight man have you be to the top of the tower ? ray yeah , yeah . it 's rubbish . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 25 . overweight man it be ? the guidebook say it 's a must - see . ray well you lot be not go up there . overweight man pardon I ? why ? ray I mean , it 's all windy stair . I be not be funny . overweight man what exactly be you try to say ? ray what exactly be I try to say ? you be a bunch of fuck elephant !! the overweight man try to hit ray , but ray dodge and step away from the blow . the man try to catch and hit he but ray keep dodging easily . ray come on , leave it , fatty ... the man be already puffing , one of the women be cry . ken come out of the tower . woman you be just the rudest man ! the rudest man ! the women lead the breathless man away . ken what be all that about ? ray shrug innocently . the Americans enter the tower . ken they be not go up there ... ( call out ) hey guy ? I would not go up there . it 's really narrow and ... woman screw you , motherfucker !! ken be dumbfounded , open-mouthed . ray shrug again . ray Americans , ain 's it ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 26 . 30 . int . basilica of the holy blood - day small gothic chapel , ray sit irritate in a pew , watch as ken quietly amble , guidebook in hand , surveying the statue and mural , the station of the Cross , all candle - light and warm . ken usher ray over . ray sigh , refuse - all this holy shit be get to he . ken usher he over again , forcefully this time . ray idle over , head bow , try not to look at anything with Jesus on it . ken Ray , do we or do we not agree that if I let you go on you date tonight , we would do the thing I want to do today ? ray we be do the thing you want to do today . ken and that we have do they without you throw a fuck moody like some five year old who 's drop all he sweet ? ray I do not agree to that . ( pause ) I will cheer up , I will cheer up . ken this here , up there on the altar , be a phial bring back by a flemish knight from the crusade in the Holy land , and that phial , you know what it 's say to contain ? ray no , what be it say to contain ? ken it 's say to contain some drop of Jesus Christ 's blood . ray feign interest with he eyebrow . ken yeah . that 's where this church get it 's name , the basilica of the Holy blood . ray yeah ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 27 . ken yeah . and this blood , right , though it 's dry blood , at different time over many year , they say it turn back to liquid . turned back to liquid from dry blood . at various time of great ... stress . ray yeah ? ken yeah . so , yeah , I be gonna go up in the queue and touch it , which be what you do . ray yeah ? ken yeah . you come ? ray do I have to ? ken do you have to ? of course you do not have to ! it 's Jesus 's fuck blood , be not it ?! of course you do not fuck have to ! of course you do not fuck have to ! ken storm off and get in the queue , seethe . ray take in some more of the iconography for a minute then leave . ken watch he do so . now he 's really piss off . he try to calm himself down and concentrate on Jesus 's fuck blood . 31 . int . basilica stairwell - day on the way out , still piss off , ken see , through the basilica 's beautiful second - storey window , ray sit on a bench in the square below , eat a ice-cream . sound of a child 's choir . 32 . ext . basilica of the holy blood - day ken burst out of the church and approach ray , who pay he no attention , transfix as he be on the child 's choir a short distance to the side , as they sing the creepy Christmas carol " Gabriel 's message '' for the passer - by . none of the kid be much older than eight , and a few bear a resemblance to the little boy that ray kill . as ken get closer he see the tear in ray n's eye . he slow down , lose he anger , and sit beside ray , who wipe he eye . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 28 . ken do you get yourself a ice-cream ? ray yeah . strawberry . ( pause ) how be Jesus 's blood ? ken just look like some really old phlegm , really . the Christmas carol finish , the passer - by applaud . ray what shall we do now ? Culture or fun ? ray cross he finger and grit he tooth . ken smile . 33 . ext . market square - belgian bar - day ray plonk the drink down on ken 's outside table and sit , the tower high in the background . ray yes ! one gay beer , one normal beer and one whisky to calm I nerve for I date . ching-ch ! ray downs the whisky . ken you nervous ? ray shit myself . ken what time be you meeting she ? ray Seven thirty . ken you would better drink up , Ray . you have only get four and a half hour . ray I figure if I have four pint here , take we up to five - thirty , go home , change , take we up to six , go to the place where we be meeting to make sure I do not get lose , then go to a nearby bar , have a coupla drink in there till seven-thirty , and hope my nerve calm down . ( more ) shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 29 . ray ( cont would ) then go back to the place and begin we date . and if she 's late , sneak in another little one . they be usually late on a first date , be not they ? ken belgian ? ray Girls . very droll . ken it be nice up that tower . you should have come up . ray I know . I hear it 's a must - see . ken you could see for mile . if you have a high - power rifle , you could be up there all day . ray yeah . pick off little kid . ken Jesus . where be you meeting you girl ? ray take out a couple of piece of paper from he pocket and realise one of they be the little boy 's confession note . ken grab it to get rid of it . ray just stare at he a second , then put he hand out to be give it back . ken give it back . ray put it away . ray ' spinola 's the restaurant 's call . ken a restaurant ? that 's a bad move . first date , dinner at a restaurant ? that 's a bad move . that 's way too nerve-wrack . that always end in disaster . ray ( worried ) do you think ? ken always . ray sip some beer , think about it , then shrug . ray fuck it , I will be piss anyway . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 30 . 34 . int . HOTEL room - night ray sombrely get dress up . ken at window - seat . a downbeat song , 'i see a darkness 's by bonnie Prince billy , play on they walkman 's mini-speaker . they be both drink miniature . ray finish dress . he look good . ken you look good . ray look himself over . ray ( sadly ) what do it matter anyway ? a gesture of goodbye . a exit . 35 . int . restaurant - night at the table , chloe be look stun , ray look similar . it 's quite a small restaurant , the next door table quite close , at which a young american -sound guy and he girlfriend eat . chloe be smoking . chloe so what do you do , Raymond ? ray I shoot people for money . chloe what kind of people ? ray Priests , child . y’know , the usual . chloe be there a lot of money to be make in that line of business ? ray there be in priest . there be not in child . what be it you do , Chloe ? chloe I sell cocaine and heroin to belgian film crew . ray do you ?! chloe do I look like I do ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 ray you do , actually . she laugh . ray do I look like I shoot people ? chloe no. just child . ray do not laugh . ray I see you midget today . the little prick do not even say hello . chloe well , he 's on a lot of ketamine . ray what 's that ? chloe a horse tranquiliser . ray a horse tranquiliser ? where would he get that ? chloe I sell it to he . ray you can not sell horse tranquilisers to a midget ! chloe this movie , I think it 's go to be a very good one . there 's never be a classic movie make in bruge , until now . ray of course there have not . it 's a shithole . chloe bruge be my home town , Ray . ray well it 's still a shithole . chloe it 's not a shithole . 31 . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 32 . ray what ? even midget have to take drug to stick it . chloe okay , so we nve insulted my home town , you be do well , Raymond . why do not you tell I some belgian joke while you be at it ? ray I do not know any belgian joke . and if I do , I think I would have the good sense not to ... hang on ! be Belgium where there be all that child abuse murder lately ? she nod , warily . ray then I do know a belgian joke . what 's Belgium famous for ? chocolate and child abuse . and they only invent the chocolate to get to the kid ! she stare at he blank - face . ray what ? chloe one of the girl they murder be a friend of mine . ray 's face fall . ray I be sorry , Chloe . she stare at he a while . chloe one of the girl they murder be not a friend of mine . I just want to make you feel bad . it work quite well . she smile slightly . he stare at she open-mouthed . chloe somehow I do not believe you shoot people for money , Raymond . ray somehow I do not believe you sell drug to film crew , Chloe . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 33 . chloe what do you believe I do ? ray I believe you be a wardrobe lady , or a continuity person , or some girl who make the tea . chloe uh-huh ? and do you know what I believe you be ? I believe you be a gat little tourist , come here to see the stupid sight of bruge , hopefully to fuck some belgian girl , then hurry home to you ugly irish girlfriend , feel slightly guilty , but not very . ray if you think that , why would you still be sit here ? chloe blow a cool stream of cigarette smoke out of the side of she mouth . chloe I be horny . she wink at he and go to the bathroom . ray smile , but the stream of smoke have hit the neighbour american - sounding couple , who react like it 's Anthrax . guy ( under breath ) puck unbelievable . this be one of that situation where a normal person would not react , even though he know he ought to . ray ° what 's fuck unbelievable ? the guy ignore he . ray I say " what 's fuck unbelievable " ? guy be you talk to I ? ray ( beat ) he pause , even though he should just hit the cunt , and he repeat , yes , I be talk to you . what 's fuck unbelievable ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 34 . cur well I will tell you what 's fuck unbelievable , shall I ? blow cigarette smoke straight in myself and my girlfriend 's face , that 's fuck unbelievable ! ray this be the smoking section . guy I do not care if it 's the smoking section ! she direct it right in my face , man . I do not wanna die just cos of you fuck arrogance . ray uh-huh ? be not that what the vietnamese use to say ? guy the vietnamese ? what be you talk about , ' the vietnamese 's ? that statement make no fuck sense at all ! ray yes it do , the vietnamese . guy say it over and over be not gonna make any more sense out of it . how do ' the vietnamese 's have any relevance whatsoever to myself and my gixlfriend have to breathe you friend 's cigarette smoke ? tell I how say ... ray punch the guy clean in the jaw . he fall off he chair in a unconscious heap . ray that 's for John Lennon , you yankee fuck cunt ! suddenly he girlfriend swing they wine bottle at ray 's head . ray dodge , the bottle miss he by a whisker . ray a bottle ?! the girlfriend try to swing again . ray no , do not bother ... shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 35 . ray hit she in the chin too , and she collapse beside guy . the other diner and waiter be stunne into silence . chloe return from the bathroom , see the two prone diner . ray have she coat in he hand . ray we be leave . 36 . ext . bruge street - night ray and chloe walk the mist-strewn , cobble street , glance behind they now and then , ray a little embarrassed , chloe half in shock . chloe Ray , I be a bit uncomfortable with a man who would hit a woman . ray I do not hit woman ! I would never hit a woman ! I would hit a woman who be try to hit I with a bottle ! that 's different . that 's self - defence , be not it ? or a woman who could do karate . I have never hit a woman generally , Chloe . do not think that . God you be pretty . she look at he a while , then take out a mobile . chloe I have to make a call . ray oh no . you have go off I now , have not you ? just cos I hit that fuck cow . she shake she head , put a finger to he lip , kiss he quickly , then speak into the phone in french . chloe ( in french , sub-title ) eirik ? it 's Chloe . go home , I be call it off tonight . ( pause ) because he 's a nice guy . ( eirik angry ) okay , listen , listen , it be not that he 's a nice guy , it 's that there 's no way you could take he all you own , so forget about it , okay ? okay . she hang up . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 36 . ray what be all that ? chloe I be just check with my flatmate to make sure she 's not come home tonight . ray oh. ( realise ) oh-h ... she take he hand and lead he off . ray this be turn out to be a really nice date . 37 . int . HOTEL room - night in one continuous take , if possible . ken blankly channel - surfing , remain of he dinner on a tray on the bed beside he . phone ring , ken mute the cartoon and answer . ken hello ? harry where the fuck be you yesterday ? ken we just pop out for some dinner , Harry . we only pop out half a hour . harry yeah ? what do you have ? ken for dinner ? harry yeah . ken er pizza . pizza-hut . harry be it nice ? ken yeah , it be alright . y’know , it be pizza - Hut , it be the same as in England . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 37 . harry yeah , well , that 's globalisation , be not it ? be Ray there with ya ? ken er , he 's in the toilet . harry can he hear ? ken no. harry what 's he do ? ken what do you mean ? harry be he do a wee or a pooh ? ken I do not know , Harry . the door 's close . harry send he out on a errand for half a hour . but do not make it sound suspicious . ken put he hand over the receiver and , a little confuse , start talk to the empty bathroom . ken Ray ? why do not you go out down the pub for half a hour ? ( pause ) I know I say you could not , but we might as well enjoy ourselves , eh ? ( pause ) no , I do not know if they have get bowl anywhere , you could have a look , eh ? yeah , see ya .... ken go to the door , awkwardly with the phone , open it , slam it , and go back to the bed . ken yeah , he 's go . harry what do you say to he ? ken I say why do not he go have a drink , save be coope up . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 38 . harry and what do he say ? ken he say yeah he would , and he might go have a look see if there 's a bowl alley around . harry be he just have a wee ? ken yeah , I think so . I assume so . harry so he do not mind ? ken no , he be glad to get out . harry be he definitely go ? ken yeah , yeah , he slam the door . harry that do not mean he 's go . go check outside the door . ken roll he eye , sigh internally , open the door , pause , close it again and return to the phone . ken Harry , he 's definitely go . harry you realise there be no bowl alley in bruge ? ken Z realise that , Harry . the boy want to have a look anyway . harry what be they gonna have , a medieval fuck bowl alley ? ken as I say , I think he be just glad to get out and about . harry ah , be he have a nice time , see all the canal and that ? I have a lovely time hen I be there . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 39 . harry ( cont would ) all the canal and the old building and that . ken when be you here ? harry when I be seven . last happy holiday I fuck have . have you be on a canal - trip yet ? ken yeah . harry and have you be down like all the old cobble street and that ? ken yeah , harry it 's like a fairy - tale , be not it , that place ? ken yeah . harry with the church and that . the gothic . ken yeah . harry be it ' gothic 's ? ken yeah . harry so he 's have a really nice time ? ken well ... I be have a really nice time . I be not sure if it 's really he cup of tea . harry ( pause ) what ? ken y’know , I be not sure if it 's really he thing . shoot script ~- in bruge - 29/12/2006 40 . harry what do you mean it 's not really he thing ? what 's that suppose to mean , " it 's not really he thing '' . what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? ken realise something be very wrong . ken nothing , Harry . harry it 's a fairy - tale fuck town , be not it ? how can a fairy - tale town not be somebody 's fuck thing ? how can all that canal and bridge and cobble street and that church and all of that beautiful fuck fairy - tale stuff , how can that not be somebody 's fuck thing , eh ? ken what I think I mean to say be ... harry be the swan still there ? ken yeah , there 's swan . harry how can fuck swan not fuck be somebody 's fuck thing ?! how can that be ?! ken what I think I mean to say be , when he first arrive he be not quite sure about it . y'know , there 's that big dual - carriageway when you get off the train , that might not have be here when you be here last , Harry , but as soon as he get to , like , the old town proper , and see the canal and the bridge and , y'know , the swan and that , well he just fuck love it then , he could not get enough of it , the medieval part of town . it be just that initial dual - carriageway thing sort of put he off for a second . harry I do not remember a dual - carriageway . that must be recent . it have not spoil it , have it ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 41 . ken no , no , it be just that initial thing . and you know what ? as we be walk through the street , there be this kind of freezing fog hang over everything , and it make it look almost like a fairy - tale or something , and he turn to I and you know what he say ? harry what do he say ? ken he say , '' Ken , I know I be awake , but I feel like I be in a dream " . harry yeah ? he say that ? ken yeah . harry meaning like in a good dream ? ken yeah . of course , like in a good dream . harry ahh. good . I '' glad he like it there . I be glad we be able to give he something . something good and happy . cos he be not a bad , kid , be he ? ken 's heart sink , he hope he be not hearing what he 's hearing . ken huh ? harry he be not a bad kid , be he ? listen , take down this address . '' raamstraat 17 " , that 's '' raam '' like '' Ram '' but with a extra ' a 's . ken raamstraat 17 . harry you get that ? ken yes. raamstraat 17 . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 42 . harry good . there all be a man there tomorrow morning at nine , he name 's yuri . ken yuri . harry he will give you the gun . Ring I on the public phone at Jimmy driscoll 's about three or four tomorrow , after it 's do . ken after what 's do ? harry ( pause ) be you be thick ? ken no . harry listen . I like Ray . he be a good bloke , but when it all come down to it , y‘know , he blow the head off a little fuck kid . and you bring he in , Ken . so if the buck do not stop with he , where do it stop ? ( pause ) Ken ? if the buck do not stop with he , where do it stop ? ken it stop with I , Harry . that 's a easy one . harry do not get shirty , Ken . listen , I be just glad I be able to do something for the boy before he go . ken do what for the boy ? harry y’know , have he get to see bruge . I hope to get to see bruge again before I die . what be it he say again , about '' it 's like a dream ... '' ? ken '' I know I be awake , but I feel like I be in a dream 's . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 43 . harry ahh. ( pause ) yeah , give I a call when he 's dead . harry hang up . ken listen to the phone 's dead drine a while , stare at the mute cartoon , then hang up . he sit on the window seat , and look at bruge all light up like a fairy - tale and ... 37a . ext . canal - continuous as ken sit in the window we pull back , leave he frame there , alone with he thought , as a swan pass on the canal below . fade to black . 38 . int . chloe 's apartment - night ray and chloe half - naked on the bed , kissing , roll around , start to get down to it . they be both a little awkward but giggly about it . a gun be slowly point against the back of ray 's head . chloe react in shock , ray freeze . eirik that 's my fuck girlfriend , you asshole ! eirik , a skinhead , slowly drag ray off she by the neck , gun still to he head . chloe birik , what be you do ?! eirik where you from , fucker ? ray Ireland , originally . eirik uh-huh ? and you think it 's okay to come over to Belgium and fuck another man 's girl ? ray look , I do not know she have a boyfriend , alright , and I have not fuck she anyway . ask she . I would only put my hand on it . chloe eirik , put the gun down ! shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 44 . eirik ( to ray ) get down on you knee and open you mouth . ray oh do not start be silly ... eirik get down on you knee and open you mouth , irishman ! ray sigh , then suddenly headbutt eirik hard in the face , grab the gun and back away , point it back at he . eirik 's nose be break and bleed . ray exactly at what point be it that all skinhead suddenly become poof ? it use to be , if you be a skinhead , you just go round beat up pakistani twelve - year old . now it seem a prerequisite to be a fuck bum -boy ! eirik take out a hunt knife . ray that 's not gonna help ya , mate . ray cock the gun . eirik smile . chloe Ray , there 's only blank in that gun . ray turn the gun towards a wall and fire at it . a loud shot be hear , but the wall remain unscathed . eirik slowly move towards he with the knife . chloe eirik , do not ...! eirik now who 's a fuck bum-boy ...? suddenly , ray raise the gun , lunge forward ... ray you , ya fuck bum -boy ! «.. and fire it into eirik 's face point blank , the fiery discharge blind he . eirik scream , fall to he knee , drop the knife , clutching at he eye . chloe jump up from the bed to try to help he . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 45 . ray Chloe ? what exactly be go on here ? eirik I can not see ! I can not see ! ray of course you can not fuck see ! I just shot a blank in you fuck eye ! be this fella you boyfriend ? chloe no . I mean , he use to be . ray well what 's he do here ? chloe we rob tourist sometimes . eirik come in and the guy be usually so scared ... ray sit slump on the bed . ray I fuck know it be too good to be true ! I know you would never ' have shag I normally ! chloe no , it 's not true ! I call it off tonight ! I tell he not to come tonight . she hit eirik . chloe why do you come tonight ! eirik chioe , I can not see , I swear it . ray oh stop whing like a big gay baby . chloe splashes water in eirik 's eye . it do not help . ray and I have not have a shag in month ! eirik I still can not see out of this eye , Chloe . I all have to go to the hospital . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 46 . chloe I will drive you . she find she key and coat as eirik get to he foot . ray oh great , so now the whole night 's ruin ! chloe you can stay if you want , but I do not know how long I 'il be ... ray oh I just know someone like you would never like someone like I . I just know . chloe what do you mean , someone like I ? ray y¥’know . someone nice . she look at he to see if he 's be sarcastic . he be not . touched , she kiss he goodbye . chloe call I . please ? she leave with eirik , the door slamm shut , leave ray alone in silence . he can barely believe what 's happen . he pick up he shirt from the floor , put it on , find he poor unopen condom on the bed , tut , put it away . look over chloe 's stuff on she dresser , open a distinctive froggy ornament - it 's full of baggy of cocaine , pill , acid , etc . ray brighten considerably . he help himself to a pocketful of drug , then he try another drawer . in it be two box of bullet , one , irritatingly , full of blank , the second , happily , full of live round . he brighten again , and put the live box in he pocket . 39 . int . bar - night ken nursing a beer at the bar , depressed . downs half the pint in one , gesture for another . barman give he a slight look , then refill he pint . ken have you get some sort of problem ? barman no , no problem . four beer in twenty minute , man ? no problem . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 47 . ( quietly ) puck off . jimmy the dwarf enter with a very attractive girl , DENISE , and sit at the bar , order . barman fix the drink , look the couple over . DENISE kiss jimmy on the cheek , go to the bathroom . ken look at jimmy a while too . ken how 's the movie go ? jimmy it 's a jump - up euro-trash piece of rip-off fuck bullshit . ken oh. like in a bad way ? jimmy smile . ken you girlfriend 's very pretty . jimmy she be not my girlfriend . she 's a prostitute I just pick up . ken oh . I do not know there be any prostitute in bruge . jimmy you just have to look in the right place . brothel be good . ken well ... you have pick up a very pretty prostitute ! jimmy thank you ! barman serve the drink . ken you from the States ? jimmy yep . but do not hold it against I . ken I all try not to . just try not to say anything too loud or crass . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 48 . jimmy only half - smile . DENISE return and the couple sit at a corner booth to get some distance from ken , who finish he pint rapidly , gesture for and be give another . ray enter , sit up beside he , sniff slightly . ray hey-ho . drown you sorrow , huh ? ken what sorrow ? ray y'know . be a sad old ugly little man . ( to barman ) one gay beer , please . ken how do you date go ? I be assume not fantastically well . ray my date involved two instance of extreme violence , one instance of she hand on my cock and my finger up she thing which last all too briefly , be not it always the way , one instance of I blind a poofy little skinhead , and one instance of I steal three gram of she very high quality cocaine , of which I have already partaken of one gram , so , all in all , my evening pretty much balanced out fine . ken you have get three gram of coke ? ray I have get two gram on I and one gram in I which be why my heart be go like the clapper as if I be about to have a heart - attack so if I collapse any minute now please remember to tell the doctor that it might have something to do with the coke . ken give we a gram , then . ray I think you be lay off it cos it make you too depressed ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 49 . ken y'know what ? I really do not give a fuck any more . ray quietly pass ken the coke . ken go to the bathroom . ray get he drink , then spot jimmy and DENISE kissing . he go over and stand look at they a while . they finally notice he . ray why do not you wave hello to I today when I wave hello to you today ? jimmy I be on a very strong horse - tranquiliser today . I be not wave hello to anybody . except , maybe , to a horse . ray huh ? what be you talk about ? jimmy ah just horse-shit . ray you from America ? jimmy yep . but do not hold that against I . ray well , that 's for I to decide , be not it ? ( to DENISE ) be you from America too ? DENISE no , I be from Amsterdam . ray Amsterdam ? Amsterdam 's just a load of bloody prostitute , be not it ? DENISE yes . that 's why I come to bruge . I think I have get a better price for my pussy here . ray huh ?! you two be weird . ( pause ) would you like some cocaine ? ken come out of the toilet , sniffle , wire . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 50 . ray I have also get some acid and some ecstasy . 40 . int . five STAR HOTEL - jimmy 's suite - night a trippy scene . Music loud . DENISE on phone in bra and pants , jimmy semi naked too , chat with ray . ken hoover up another line or two of coke . a semi-naked black girl , kelli , beside he , help . ray herve villechaise , I know , do . the dwarf off , I think , ' the time bandit 's , do . lot of midget ... dwarf . top themselves . mm , shitload . ( pause ) would you ever think about it ? jimmy huh ? ray would you ever think about kill yourself because you be a midget ? jimmy fuck , man , what kind of a question be that ? ray ( shrugging ) we be just chat , be not we ? jimmy go back to the drug . ken come over . ray see , Ken , this be the sort of hotel Harry should have put we in . a five star , with prostitute in . y'know , sometimes I think Harry do not even give a shit about we at all . have he still not call ? ray do another line . ray Ken ? have Harry still not call ? ken look at he , think about it a moment . ken no . he still have not call . ray well , no news be good news , eh? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 51 . ken nod . later . kelli on ray 's lap , kissing he at length . ken look at they both , rather sadly . kelli break off and do a line . ray mouth " who 's she ? '' to ken . the very wire jimmy start talk . jimmy there 's gonna be a war , man , I can see it . there 's gonna be a war between the black and between the white . you be not even gonna need a uniform no more . this be not gonna be a war where you pick you side , man . you side 's already pick for ya . ray well I know whose side I be fight on . I be fight with the black . the white 's be gonna get they head kick int jimmy you do not decide this shit , man . you side 's already pick for ya . ray who be the half - castes gonna fight with ? jimmy with the black , man . that 's obvious . ray ( pause ) what about the pakistani 's ? jimmy the black . ray what about , think of a hard one ... what about the vietnamese ? jimmy the black ! ray well I be definitely fight with the black if they have get the vietnamese . ( pause ) so , hang on , would all of the white midget in the world be fight against all of the black midget in the world ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 52 . jimmy yeah . ray that have make a good film ! jimmy you do not know how much shit I have have to take offa black midget , man . ray that 's ... undeniably true . ken see , Jimmy ? my wife be black . and I love she very much . and in 1976 she get murder by a white man . so where the fuck be I suppose to stand in all this blood and carnage ? jimmy oh man . do they get the guy who do it ? ken a friend of mine get he . ray Harry Waters get he . ker-chunk ! ken so tell I , Jim , whose side do I fight on in this glorious war ? jimmy ( pause ) I think you need to weigh up all you option and let you conscience decide , Ken . jimmy go off to do more coke . ray come over to ken , observe the fleshy , debauch scene with sudden depressed disdain . ken two manky hooker and a racist dwarf . I think I be gonna head home . ray yeah ? I think I x11 come with ya . they collect they stuff , push jimmy and the girl out of the way , take they drug and go to leave . jimmy hey ! what ' 's ...? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 53 . ray pull a karate stance . ray back off , shorty . jimmy huh . you do not know karate ... ray karate chop jimmy 's neck . jimmy fall to he knee in pain . jimmy owwwe ee ken do not say you do not have it come ... ray ( overlap ) do not say you do not have it come ... jimmy hurt ... ray ( overlap , exite ) shortarse . 41 . int . HOTEL room - night early blue dawn . the come down . ray on window seat , ken sit on bed , wrap in blanket , grind he jaw a little . ray I should have phone Chloe . ken and say what ? ray I hate myself and I want to die . ken save that for you second date . keep she keen . ray crush a couple of you sleep pill in a glass of whisky , will ya , Ken ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 54 . ken pour a miniature whisky then get he pill , pour two into he hand , pause , pour another ten into he hand , pause , pour the ten back into the bottle and crush just two in the whisky . give it to ray . he knock it back in one . ken how be you feel ? ray as if I have recently murder a little boy . ken ( pause ) it 's funny how we do not even give a shit about the priest . ray you become a priest , you have get to accept whatever 's come to you . I assume it be some paedophile thing . do not you ? you know how Harry be about kid . ken no . that church be in the middle of one of Harry 's housing development . the priest be just on the action committee against it . ray oh. great . later . both in bed , wide awake . ray think of the kill of the little boy . ken think of kill ray . sound of a couple have sex start up next door . they look at each other , laugh a little , then turn back to they respective ceiling . ray . I kinda like hearing people have sex . means at least somebody around here 's happy . ken it do not mean they be happy . it just mean they be have sex . ray ( pause ) we be a barrel of fuck laugh , be not we ? ken {sarcastic ) I love cocaine . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 55 . ray it 's great be a gangster . they sigh a while . later . 8:15 on clock . ray asleep . ken dress , bring the address ' raamstraat 17 's , gently close the door behind he as he leave . ray open he eye , he be not asleep at all . 42 . ext . bruge street - day ken wander the misty dawn street and bridge to raamstraat . knock on door at number 17 . yuri answer it . ken meeting yuri ? yori yes , I be yuri . yuri let he in . 43 . int . HOTEL room - day ray load live bullet into the gun . lay it on the bed . look out window . sit on bed . take a piece of paper . write '' dear Ken ... '' . 44 . int . yuri 's house - day the room be like a arsenal , semi-automatics all over the wall . ken be give a handgun ... yuri Mr Waters say this might be necessary ... «.. and a silencer . ken look over the gun , attaches the silencer . yori there be a lot of alcove in the koningin astrid Park . you use this word , ' alcove ' ? ken alcove ? yes. sometimes . yuri there be not many people around in this alcove in christmastime . if I be to murder a man , I would murder he here . be you sure this be the right word , ' alcove ' ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 56 . ken alcove , yes . kind of like ' nook and cranny '. yuri ' nook and cranny 's , yes . perhaps this would be more accurate . ' nook and cranny 's . Rather than ' alcove 's . yes . ken be still look the gun over , somewhat sadly . yuri you be go to do it , be not you ? Mr Waters will be very disappointed ... ken of course I be go to fuck do it . ( pause ) it 's what I do . 45 . ext . phone BOX - bruge STREET . day ray dial a number . the other end be pick up . chloe ( 0.8 . ) ( sleepily ) hello ? ray it 's Raymond . chloe hello Raymond . what time be it ? ray early . listen , I nick some of you drug last night . chloe I know . it 's okay . ray out of you froggy thing . chloe it 's okay . ray the fuck midget hogge most of ‘em anyway . oh , and I take some of you bullet too . I be sorry . chloe what do you want the bullet for ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 57 . ray it do not matter . how 's you skinhead boyfriend ? chloe he 's not my boyfriend . he 's lose the sight in one eye . ray oh great , so I bet he 's piss off with I now too . chloe can I see you today ? {pause} Raymond ? can I see you today ? ray I be just call to say goodbye , Chloe . I have get to hang up the phone now . ray hang up , walk off . 46 . int . bar - day a large whisky in front of he , drizzly rain outside , ken sit there think . 47 . int . london brothel ( 1970 be ) - night flashback . ken ( in he early 20' ) hold the dead body of he beautiful black wipe . there 's blood all over the bed and wall , and another working girl stand beside it , stare . ken be in tear as harry ( early 20' ) burst into the room . harry who ? working girl Potter . ken ( numb , rock ) she 's go , Harry . she 's go . harry yeah , I can see that , Ken . why do not you just sit there cry about it ? i’1ll sort it out . ken I be come with you . harry Ken , it 's Potter . just sit there and take care of you missus . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 58 . harry exit . 48 . int . london police station ( 1970 be ) - night flashback . harry approach the desk sergeant . desk sergeant well , well . Harry Waters . come to turn yourself in ? harry hello blinky ... desk sergeant ( blink ) do not call I blinky ... harry be Mr Potter about ? desk sergeant it 's detective Potter to you ... harry oh , there he be . i’1l go straight through ... harry brushes past the desk sergeant and approach potter , who 's share a joke with some uniform subordinate . the desk sergeant try to catch harry up . potter Waters ? what the fuck be you ...? in one swift motion , harry let a machete slide down from he sleeve and hack it clean through potter 's neck , completely behead he . the subordinate and the desk sergeant just stare , stunne , as he head and body fall to the floor . harry now do not get mad but I think I just behead you detective . harry toss the machete away over he shoulder . end flashback . 49 . int . bruge street - day ken walk back to the hotel , drizzly rain , Christmas clutter , child about . he 's hunch up in he overcoat , gun in pocket , deep in think . 50 . int . HOTEL lobby - day ken ignore the smile marie completely and dart upstairs . shoot script - in bruge ~ 29/12/2006 59 . marte you friend be behave very oddly this morning . ken come back down . ken oddly ? how ? marie well , he ask I about the baby , and if I want a boy or a girl , I say I do not mind as long as it be healthy , of course , and then he give I two hundred euros to give to the baby . I refuse , obviously , but he be quite insistent . would you give it back to he when you see he ? I do not want to appear ungrateful , and it seem like all the money he have . ken nod , take the note . ken do you know where he be now ? marte he say he be go to the park . ken look out at the heavy rain . 51 . ext . koningin astrid park - day ray on a bench in the rain , watch a solitary mother and son in the distant child 's playground , the son splash about in wellington , a see-through umbrella in hand . he look a lot like the boy from the church . some distance behind ray , ken watch he from the cover of a tree . he see also the mother and son , wait for they to leave . at the bench , the rain be heavier on ray 's face . he do not even flinch . at the tree , ken tighten he collar against the rain . notice ... in the playground the mother finally decide it 's too wet and take she son by the hand . they slowly walk off out of the park . ray watch they go , then slowly look around the park ... shoot script - in bruge -— 29/12/2006 60 . ken dart back behind he tree . wait a few second , then peek back out to see ray face front again , he back to ken . ken take out and cock he gun . ken ( quietly ) I be sorry , Ray . I be sorry . ken come out from behind the tree and start approach ray from behind ... ray be totally oblivious to ken 's approach ... ken raise he gun and aim it at the back of ray 's head , still approach , just as ... ray suddenly raise he own gun , and hold it straight up in the air for a second . ken into stop dead in he track , as ... ray place the gun against he own temple and cock it ... ren horrify , scream out almost involuntarily ... ken Ray ! do not ...! ray be totally startle . he jump , the gun fall from he hand and fire off a shot as it hit the ground . ray Fucking hell ! where the fuck do you come from ? ken hide he gun in he overcoat , but ray see he as he do so . ray quickly pick up he own gun and hide it from anyone who might have hear the shot . ken I be behind a tree . what the fuck be you do , Ray ? ray what the fuck be you do ? ken nothing . ray oh my God ! you be gonna kill I . ken no I w... you be gonna kill yourself ! shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 61 . ray well , ... I be allow to . ken no you be not . ray what ? I be not allow to and you be ? how 's that fair ? ken um ... can we just get out of this bloody rain , please ? 52 . ext . child 's playground - day ray and ken huddle in the park 's brightly coloured shelter / climb thing . funny face paint on it 's wall . ray you fuck bastard . ken I be not gonna go through with it , Ray . ray well you fuck look like you be gonna go fuck through with it . where have you get that gun ? ken a friend of Harry 's . ray fuck , man . let I see it . ken give ray the gun . ray look it over . ray silencer too . Nice . ray give it back without a think . ray mine 's a bloody girl 's gun ... ray give ken he gun . he examine it , then put both gun away inside he overcoat . ken I be keep it . ray pardon I ? gimme my gun back . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 62 . ken you be not get it back . you be a suicide case , ray and you be try to shoot I in the fuck head ! ken you be not get that gun back . ray oh a great day this have turn out to be ! I be suicidal , my mate try to kill I , my gun get nick , it 's pissing down , and we be still in fuck bruge ! ken listen , I be gonna give you some money and put you on a train to somewhere ... ray back to England ? ken you can not go back to England , Ray . you will be a dead man . ray Ken , I wanna be a dead man ! have you be miss something ? ken you do not want to be a dead man , Ray ... ray Ken ! I kill a little boy ...! ray break down in tear that will not stop . ken hold he , and ray allow himself to be hold . ken then save the next little boy . just go away somewhere , get out of this business , and try to do something good . you be not go to help anybody dead . you be not go to bring that boy back . but you might save the next one . ray what be I gonna be , a doctor ? you need exam . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 63 . ken do anything , Ray . do anything . just keep move . and do not ever go home . 53 . int . HOTEL room - day ray pack he stuff away . ken in bathroom , see a note on the sink , which read ' dear ken , I went to the park so she wouldn not have to clean it up . ray 's . ray so Harry Waters want I dead . what a wanker ! ken he say this whole trip , this whole be in bruge thing , be just to give you one last joyful memory before you die . ray in bruge ?! ray laugh at length , ken also . ray have to sit on the bed , he 's cough and spluttering so much . ray the Bahamas , maybe . like , fuck ... fiji. bruge ? why fuck bruge ? ken I suppose it 's cheaper . 54 . ext . train station - platform - day ray load he bag onto the train , then lower the window to talk to ken on the platform . ken ' you have get a few minute . ray give ken a little package surreptitiously . ray the rest of the acid and the ecstasy . ken why do not you keep it ? ray shake he head . ray think I be gonna clean myself up a bit . cut down on the booze . become a worthwhile citizen a bit . yeah . can I have my gun back , please ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 64 . ken shake he head . ray what be I gonna do , Ken ? what be I gonna do ? ken just keep move . keep on move . try not to think about it . learn a new language , maybe ? ray I can hardly do English . ( pause ) that 's the one thing I like about Europe , though . you do not have to learn any of they language . ken just forget about home for a while . see how the land lie in six year , seven year . Seven year be not all that long . ray it 's more than that boy get . ( pause ) my first fuck job . a great hitman I turn out to be . ken some people just be not cut out for it , Ray . ray be you ? ken do not answer . ray when be you go back to England ? ken I will head back in a couple of hour or something . ray Harry be not gonna be mad at you , be he , for let I go ? ken smile . train door be slamm , it 's ready to go . ken I 'il sort out Harry . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 65 . ray just tell he I ' 11 have probably kill meself in a fortnight anyway . ray smile , the train slowly start up . ken you will not , will you , Ray ? ray just look at he a while , then shrug , as the train pull away . they wave goodbye sadly , tear in they eye . ken dial a number on a public phone on the platform . ken Harry ? it 's ken. listen to this noise ... ken hold the phone out towards the depart train . ken you know what that be ? ( pause ) I know you know it 's a train . but do you know what train ? well , it 's a train that Ray 's just get on , and he 's alive and he 's well , and he do not know where he 's go and neither do I . so , if you need to do you worst , do you worst . you nve get the address of the hotel , I will be here wait . cos I be get to quite like bruge now . it 's like a fuck fairy - tale or something . ken hang up and walk away as the train pass into the distance behind he . 55 . ext . bruge street - day ken head back towards the distant spire and bell - tower of bruge proper , huddle up against he fate . 56 . int . train carriage - day ray alone in a carriage with he thought as the train trundle along . suddenly the brake be put on , and the train slow to a halt . ray look out window - there 's no station , just flat countryside five minute from bruge town . a policeman come up along the aisle . policeman you irish ? ray yes . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 66 . policeman what be you name ? ray um , derek ... per-lurrl . policeman you heet the canadian ? ray hah ? policeman you heet the canadian ? ray I heet the canadian ? I do not know what you be talk about . the policeman point back along the carriage . ray look that way . at the far end of the carriage , ray see a second policeman , along with the american -sound guy and he girlfriend he beat up in the restaurant last night , the guy with a cut lip , the girlfriend with bruise . guy that 's he ! that 's the mother - fucker ! girl you asshole ! the policeman take out he cuff . policeman you heet the canadian , yes ? ray canadian ? shit . the policeman cuff ray 's hand behind he back . policeman we be take you back to bruge . ray brilliant . the policeman walk ray back along the aisle . 57 . int . harry 's house - day study . harry stare at the phone he 's just put down . live -room . his kid , age 8 , 7 and 5 , be play happily with they japanese au pair , imamoto . the child 's mother , natalie , a aging dolly bird , sit read ' hello 's . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 67 . sound of a phone be smashed to piece in the next room . the child be startle at first , then giggle - it 's obviously happen before . natalie sigh , get up . study . harry be smash the final remnant of the phone against the wall with the cord , as natalie come in . natalie Harry . harry what ? natalie it 's a inanimate fuck object . harry you be a inanimate fuck object ! natalie sigh , exit . breathe deeply , harry try to calm himself , put the remnant of the phone on the table . take he passport from a cluttere drawer , flip through it - no stamp on any of the page . pocket it . live -room . harry tenderly kiss and hug each of he kid goodbye , as natalie and imamoto watch , bemuse . harry you lot be good for you mummy and imamoto , okay ? daddy 's get to go away for a few day . natalie where you go ? harry get to go to bruge . natalie bruge ? where 's that ? harry it 's in belgiun . natalie why would anybody have to go to Belgium ? harry I have to sort something out . natalie be it something to do with the phone ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 68 . harry it 's something to do with Ken . it 's a matter of honour . natalie it be not gonna be dangerous , be it ? harry well course it 's gonna be dangerous if it 's a matter of fuck honour ! natalie you be bring the fella with ya . tell I you be bring the fella with ya ? harry shake he head sadly . harry I be sorry for call you a inanimate object . I be upset . natalie I be scared , Harry . I do not want you to go . harry there 's nothing to be scared about . they look at each other . they both know that there be . 58 . int . eurostar train - day harry watch the English countryside pass by , he mood grim , a suit- and - tie businessman opposite he . . businessman off to Belgium on business ? harry if I would want a conversation with a cunt , I have ' have go to the " have a conversation with a cunt '' shop . the businessman can not even speak . the train enter the darkness of the channel tunnel . 59 . int . HOTEL room - day ken dress in a neat suit and tie , hide ray 's gun ina cupboard , check he own gun be load and pocket it , and lay a seal envelope on the pillow of he neatly - make bed . he look over the room one last time , and exit . the envelope read ' my last will and testament '. shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 69 . 60 . ext . bruge street - day harry walk through the same pretty street that ray and ken do earlier , take it all in , remember the last time he be here . flashback : harry , aged seven , hand in hand with a man we can not quite see , take in the church tower , the horse and cart , the canal , the swan , et al , happily , mouth word we do not hear , pull the man along . the man be dress in black . 61 . ext . market square - day harry look up at the bell - tower . flashback : harry , aged seven , racing into the tower , the unseen man behind he . 62 . int . bell tower - day flashback : harry , aged seven , racing up the wind step , the unseen man try to keep up , harry rabbit on . unseen man come out on the dark look - out room , to see harry try to jump up to see out of the window . harry gesture to be pick up . the man do so . harry look out at the town below , thrilled . after a moment , the unseen man put he back down and gesture for harry to go back downstairs . harry complain they have only just get up there . the man gesture more forcefully , and harry trudge away moodily , leave the man alone there . unseen man ( 0.8 . ) not here . not here . 63 . ext . canalside - day harry lean on a wall , look at the water below , a leaf in he hand , think . unseen man ( v.0 . ) do you like bruge , Harry ? harry ~ age seven ( v.0 . ) oh my God , it be like a fairy - tale or something ! it be the best holiday I have ever have in my life ! unseen man ( v.0 . ) well , see as I do that whole trip for you , will you do something for I ? harry - age seven ( v.0 . } oh anything , Father ! anything ! shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 70 . flashback : a smile harry aged seven 's cheek be gently caress by the unseen man 's hand . the hand bear the same erucifix signet ring as the man in scene 20 . harry lose he smile somewhat . back in present day bruge , harry let the leaf he be hold fall into the water below , and watch it slowly float away . 64 . int . yuri 's house - day eirik on couch , forlorn , one eye heavily bandage . harry look he over as he enter ... harry aye aye ... .».as yuri lay out a bunch of heavy duty gun to choose from ; uzi 's , Magnum 's , etc . yuri take you pick , Mr Waters . harry a uzi ? I be not from South Central los-fuck - Angeles . I do not come here to shoot twenty black ten-year - old in a fuck drive - by . I want a normal gun for a normal person . yuri get he a run of the mill .45 . yuri I know he would not kill the guy . I could see it in he eye . when I be tell he about the alcove . harry about the what ? yuri the alcove . the alcove in the koningin astrid Park . harry be nonpluss . yori oh , I also have some dum - dum , you use this word , ' dum - dum 's ? the bullet that make the head explode . harry dum - dum , yes . yuri would you like some of this dum - dum ? shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 71 . harry I know I should not , but I will . yuri give he a box of bullet . eirik motherfucker . harry be he talk to I ? yuri no , eirik 's on you side , mr-water . you young friend blind he last night . harry Ray do ? birik I be try to rob he and he take my gun from I , and the gun be full of blank , and he shot a blank into my eye , and now I can not see from this eye ever again , the doctor say . harry well , to be honest , it sound like that be all you fault . eirik hah ? harry I mean , basically , if you be robbing aman , and you be only carry blank , and you allow you gun to be take off you , and you allow yourself to be shot in the eye with a blank , which I assume the person have to get quite close to you , then , yeah , really it 's all you fault for be such a poof . so why do not you stop whing and cheer the fuck up ? eirik be about to react angrily ... yuri eirik ? I really would not respond . eirik calm down . eirik I think you want the guy dead . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 72 . harry I do want the guy dead . I want he fuck crucify . it do not change the fact that he stitched you up like a blind little gayboy , do it ? thanks for the gun , yuri . harry leave the house . yuri ( in flemish , subtitle ) he 's under a lot of stress . 65 . ext . market square - night harry walk the cobble street to the square as dusk fall , a pop - up map with ' kenus HOTEL 's circle and arrow . suddenly , ten foot behind he map , he see ken sit at a table outside a bar , stare straight back at he , a beer in front of he , harry freeze , hand on gun in pocket . ken sip he beer nonchalantly and gesture for harry to come and sit down . after a moment , harry do so . they sit in silence for quite a while . harry well ? ken the boy 's suicidal , Harry . he 's a walk dead man . he keep go on about Hell and purgatory and ... harry when I phone you yesterday , do I ask you , '' Ken , will you do I a favour and become Ray 's psychiatrist , please ? '' no . what I think I ask you be '' could you go blow he fuck head off for I ? '' pause " he 's suicidal '' . I be suicidal ! you nre suicidal ! everybody 's suicidal ! we do not all keep go on about it ! have he kill himself yet ? no . so he 's not fuck suicidal , be he ? ken he put a load gun to he head this morning . I stop he . harry he ...? this get fuck worse ...!! harry gesture for a beer from the waiter . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 73. ken we be down the park ... harry let I get this right ... " you be down the park " ? what 's that get to do with fuck anything ? let I get this right . not only have you refuse to kill the boy , you have even stop the boy from kill himself . which would have solve my problem , which would have solve you problem , and which , it sound like , would have solve the boy 's problem ! ken it would not have solve he problem . harry Ken , if I would kill a little kid , accidentally or otherwise , I would not have think twice , I ‘’d have kill myself on the fuck spot ! on the fuck spot ! I have have stick the gun in my mouth on the fuck spot ! ken but that 's you , Harry . the boy have the capacity to change . the boy have the capacity to do something decent with he life . harry Excuse I , Ken . I have the capacity to change . ken yeah , you do . you have get the capacity to get fuck worse ! harry oh now we be get down to it ! ken Harry , let 's face it , and I be not be funny and I mean no disrespect , but you be a cunt . you be a cunt now , you have always be a cunt , and the only thing that 's gonna change be you be go to become a even bigger cunt . and maybe have some more cunt kid . harry leave my kid fuck out of it ! what have ner ncene a ( more ) shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 74 . harry ( cont would ) you fuck retract that bit about my cunt fuck kid ...! ken I retract that bit about you cunt fuck kid . harry insulting my fuck kid ! that 's go overboard , mate ! ken I have retract it , have not I ? ( pause ) that still leave you be a cunt ... harry I fuck get that !! harry take a big drink , decide what to do , where to go . ken drink too . harry where 's Ray now ? ken right about now , Ray 's in one or the other of the one million town in mainland Europe it 's possible to be in . other than here . 66 . int . bruge police station - night chloe wait , desk constable doodling . she stand , excited , as ray be release . ray i’1ll get the money back to you as soon as I get through to my friend ... chloe it 's not a problem , Raymond . ray and I x11 get all you acid and ecstasy back to you too ... the desk constable look up . chloe ( in french , subtitle ) English humour ! she quickly lead he out . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 75 . 67 . ext . canalside - night chloe and ray walk . ray bloody bruge again . I seriously think I be never gonna get out of this town alive . chloe let 's go to my place . ray that 's a bit forward , Chloe . chloe uh-huh ? and how about this ...? she kiss he at length . ray let 's go get a drink first ... chloe no. let 's go have a fuck first , Richard burton , then let 's go get a drink . ray * " Richard burton 's , you be funny . 68 . int . chloe 's apartment - night ray and chloe try to make love ; ray can not quite get there , but there 's something so tender between they it do not even matter . ray somehow I do not think I have be here tonight . chloe be bruge so bad ? he smile , caress she tummy . ray bit of it be alright . ( pause ) but , seriously Chloe , can we go and get that drink now , seriously ? she hit he with a pillow and get up , smile . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 76 . 69 . ext . bruge street - night Arm in arm , chloe point the best direction to go - towards market Square and the beli-tower there . ray tell she about the overweight american incident in mime . 70 . ext . market square - NORTH side - night the bell - tower high in the background on the other side of the square , harry finish he drink . harry I be assume you have get you gun on you . ken ( nod ) that yuri bloke 's a funny fella , be not he ? harry ( nod ) he do yoga . ken " alcove ' . harry be he go on to you about the ' alcove 's ? ken ' the alcove in the koningin astrid Park '. ( pause ) Harry , I know you nve gotta do what you have gotta do , but it 's a bit crowded around here , you know ? harry well I be not gonna have a shoot - out in the middle of a thousand fuck belgian 's , be I ? not to mention the other nationality , just on they holiday . ken mm . to see the swan and the gothic and all the fairy - tale stuff , eh ? harry be you try to fuck wind I up ?! ken no , Harry ... shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 77 . harry on top of call I a cunt and call I kid cunt ! I might just have to fuck shoot you right here ! Christ ! ken let 's go up the bell - tower . it will be quiet up there , this time of evening . let 's go up there . harry look up at it a while , then nod . they stand , ken pay the bill , and they start walk towards the tower , just as it chime six o'clock . 71 . ext . market square ~- south side - night as the tower continue chime , chloe and ray look up at it a second , then continue walk away from it , in the direction that harry and ken be come from . ray yeah , Canadian . poor sod . I be terrible at tell the difference between that lot . they still kind of deserve it , but not as much . they do not kill John Lennon , do they ? anyway , I be suppose to turn up to court here in two day . chloe be you go to turn up ? ray I dunno . what have I get to stay for , really ? chloe smile and kiss he , accidentally obscure he face from harry and ken as they pass , oblivious . chloe the most beautiful woman ... ( kiss ) oes you have ever see ... ( kiss ) ++. in all of you life . ray ( pause ) the black one off of Star Trek ? be she here ? chloe mime shoot ray in the head . they take a outside table at a bar there . in the background , harry and ken enter the bell - tower . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 78 . 72 , int . bell tower - entry kiosk - night the stern ticket -seller be out in front of the turnstile , the entranceway be roped off . ticket-seller the tower be close this evening . ken no way ! it 's suppose to be open till seven . ticket-seller the tower be usually open until seven . yesterday a american have a heart - attack up the tower . the tower be close this evening . harry here , cranky , here 's a hundred for ya . we be only gonna be twenty minute . okay ? harry stick a hundred euros in the ticket - seller 's pocket . the ticket -seller take it out , scrunches it up , toss it at harry 's head , then tap the follow word on harry 's forehead with he finger . ticket-seller the tower ... be close ... this evening . understand , ... englishman ? ken can only smile , a few speck of blood spatter the wall as we hear the sound and see the shadow of the ticket - seller be quickly pistol - whipped unconscious . 73 . ext . bell tower - night eirik , in pass , see harry shiftily roping off the entranceway of the bell - tower . know something unlawful be occur , he pass on . 74 . int . bell tower - night harry and ken , huffing and puffing up the bell - tower step , finally reach the room at the top . they slowly get they breath back , look out at the view . 75 . ext . market square - south side - night ray and chloe at table - stare at something in open- mouth shock . ray 's Pov - it 's jimmy the dwarf , stand stare at they , dress in the school uniform of a small boy , complete with peak cap , satchel and short trousers . his expression be deadpan , even as ray and chloe burst out laugh . end Pov . shoot script - in bruge ~ 29/12/2006 79 . they try to stop laugh , but can not . jimmy stay stare at they . ray Jimmy , I have be want to say I be really sorry for karate - chopping you the other night . that be way out of order . jimmy yeah , y’know , Ray , I would find it easier to believe you and forgive you , somehow , if the two of you be not laugh straight in my fuck face ! they try to stop , but again can not , till jimmy eventually can only see the funny side too . he smile , and join they at they table . jimmy it 's for the goddam movie , man . some distance away , eirik walk by , but as he blind eye be towards they , he do not see they at all , and pass on . 76 . int . bell tower - night harry and ken look out at the view a while . freeze fog be gradually descend . ken it be a nice town , Harry . I be glad I get to see it . I do not mean to take the piss out of it be a fairy - tale place . it be a fairy - tale place . it really be . harry mm . it 's just a shame it 's in Belgium , really . but then , you think , if it be not in Belgium , if it be somewhere good , there would be too many people come to see it , it have spoil the whole thing . ken I be glad I get to see it . before I die . ken slowly open he jacket , gently , safely , take he gun out butt first , as harry quickly take he out too , ... harry what be you do ? ..- and toss it at harry 's foot . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 80 . harry what be you fuck do ?! ken I be not fight any more , Harry . harry alright . then I be blow you fuck head off ... harry point he gun at ken 's head . ken nod in acceptance . harry oh do not come over all Gandhi ! what be you do ?! harry toss he gun back to he . harry Ken , stop mess about please . pick up you gun . I know I be gonna beat you anyway , cos you be a spaz , but ... ken Harry . I be totally in you debt . the thing that 's go between we in the past , I love you unreservedly for all that . for you integrity , for you honour . I love you . {pause ) the boy have to be let go . the boy have to be give a chance . and if to do that I have to say fuck you and fuck what I owe you and fuck everything that 's go on between we then that 's what I have to do . but I be not fight you . and I accept totally everything you have get to do . I accept it totally . harry oh yeah ? ken yeah . harry ( pause ) well you say all that fuck stuff , I can not fuck shoot you now , can I ? ken it 's entirely up to you , Harry . it 's entirely you call . all I '' say be , I be not fight . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 81 . pause . harry raise he gun and shoot ken in the leg . ken roll around in pain . ken you fuck cunt !! harry like I be not gonna do nothing to ya just cos you be stand about like Robert fuck Powell ! ken like who ?! harry like Robert fuck Powell out of Jesus of fuck Nazareth . ken my fuck leg ! harry oh shut you whing , pick up you gun and let 's get out of this place , it 's freezing , and do not think I have not clocked you call I a cunt again , ya cunt . harry give ken back he gun , help he up and give he a shoulder to lean on as they traipse down stair . 77 . ext . market square - south side - night at the table . jimmy yeah , it 's the final night 's shoot . the psycho dwarf turn out to be just a lovable little schoolboy and it be all some kinda boschian nightmare . yeah , kiss my ass ! ray I guess at least there be not any black people involved , eh Jimmy ? jimmy put he hand to he mouth , horrify . jimmy . aw no . I be not talk about ... I be not talk about ... the War again , be I ? ray nod . jimmy put he head in he hand . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 82 . chloe what war ? ray there 's gonna be a war between all the black and all the white . and all the black midget and all the white midget , which would actually be really good . jimmy aw shit , that 's just cocaine . that 's just cocaine . ray he do not even want the vietnamese on he side ! chloe you have get to have the vietnamese on you side . ray that 's what I say . jimmy man , I '' never gonna touch coke or ketamine or ecstasy or acid ever again . ( to chloe ) . what else have ya get , Chloe ? I be kinda ... they laugh . jimmy listen , we be filming down by the vismarkt tonight , this wild bloody endgame thing . it should actually be quite fuck up . you guy should come along . chloe I think we might just have a quiet one tonight , Jimmy . jimmy obh , so that 's how it be ! well , in another life . smiling , shaking hand , they make they goodby . 78 . ext . market square - NORTH side - night Bell -tower in background , eirik remember he key or something and , piss off , turn around and head back the way he come . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 83 . we follow he all the way , until he get to the bar ray and chloe be at and jimmy be walk away from . suddenly see they , eirik stop dead in he track . chloe usher he over . eirik edge away , then sprint for the bell - tower . ray and chloe watch he go , bemuse . 79 . int . bell tower - night harry help ken down the wind wooden stair with great difficulty , they suddenly hear someone run up towards they from far off . they sit on the step and await the stranger approach . the distant footstep get closer and closer , until they hear , still from far below ... eirik mister Waters ? mister Waters ? harry who 's that ? eirik it 's birik . harry the blind boy ? eirik ye ... er , .. yes . harry what do you fuck want ? eirik the guy you be look for , the guy Ray ? he 's downstairs . harry and ken freeze . harry he 's where ? eirik he 's downstairs , at a bar . in a flash , harry and ken , still sit side by side , pull they gun and try to point they at each other , at the same time as they free hand grab each other gun hand . it 's like some slow , deathly arm -wrestle match , but harry be the stronger man , and though ken keep struggle , he know there be nothing he can do , as harry slowly slowly slowly bring he gun all the way up to ken 's neck . they look at each other in the eye , ken cry a tear , harry almost . harry blow a massive hole in ken 's neck . ken collapse , drop he gun . harry get up . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 84 . harry I be sorry , Ken . you can not kill a kid and expect to get away with it . you just can not . ken nod . harry start racing downstairs . ken lean back on the bloody wooden staircase , die . sound of harry 's footstep echo up , gradually get more distant . suddenly ken get a idea . he pick up he gun and slowly start pull himself up the stair , towards the look - out room . stairwell . harry continue he spiral descent . 80 . ext . market square - south side - night still bemuse by eirik 's behaviour but not actually worried , ray order from the waiter . ray one gay beer and one normal , please . thanks . chloe what 's a gay beer ? ray ( bemuse ) a beer that gay people drink . 81 . int . bell tower - night look -out room . pour blood and weak as hell , ken make a massive final effort to pull himself onto a side wall . he pull out he gun and look down at the market Square below . ken n's Pov - the freezing fog have descend so heavily that nothing whatsoever can be see down there . ken lose hope , lean in the window . 81a . ext . market square - south side - night ray kiss chloe at the table . she touch he face as they break , the bell - tower entrance frame directly behind she . 81b . ext . bell tower - night stairwell . harry still racing down , pass eirik . harry where ? eirik to the leave when you come out . the bar to the leave . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 85 . harry continue on . look -out room . the forlorn ken suddenly get a idea . he put he gun inside he jacket , button it up tightly , then take out a handful of coin and let a few drop out through the open window , down into the fog . 82 . ext . market square - night almost in slowmo , the coin fall out of the fog , landing in the square , frightening the passer - by , who move away from it , look up ... 83 . int . bell tower - night look -out room . ken drop out all the rest of he coin . 84 . ext . market square - night the coin hit the ground heavily , warning the passer - by to give the tower a even wider berth . even ray have notice something 's wrong . he look over and up ... 85 . int , bell tower - night stairwell . harry get down lower and lower ... look -out room . scare , ken breathes deeply , then let himself fall through the window , out into the fog . 86 . ext . market square - night as the passer - by and ray be still look up , a figure plummet out of the fog and crash to the ground in a hideous break heap . the passer - by move away in scream horror . ray flinch in disgust , turn chloe 's face away , then , as he bring himself to look again , slowly realise who it be . he sprint over and collapse to he knee beside he . ken 's head , chest and shoulder have just about survive the impact ; everything else be pulp . ray Ken ?! Ken ?! ken Harry 's here . ray what ?! ken take my gun . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 86 . ray reach inside ken 's bloody coat , and come out with the break useless gun . bit of ken 's heart drip off it . ray Ken ? where 's my gun ?! where 's my gun ?! ken ( slowly , try to think ) Hotel ... ray oh Ken , Jesus ...! ken I be gonna die now , I think . ken nod , then die . ray be shaking in horror and sadness . harry burst out of the tower , see chloe and everyone else stare at the bloody scene . he follow she gaze , and see ray . ray see he but cannot move . harry see ken 's pulped corpse , the break gun in ray 's hand , realise what 's go down . he acknowledge , somehow , ken 's sense of honour , courage , what have you . ray start back away ... which snap harry out of it . he raise he gun ... chloe scream ... Harry fire at ray but miss ... ... and ray sprint rapidly away , passer - by and chloe scatter . harry give chase , fire whenever he have a clear shot . ray cut down a alley and harry follow . 87 . ext . bruge street - night long chase sequence . down the same cobble street , dark canal - side and bridge that we have see earlier , now all mist - strewn and doubly eerie , ray be chase and shot at by harry . however , because ray already know this street so well , a large gap start open up between they . we crane up as ray take another couple of fast corner , take he jacket off , double back on himself , and finally come out on he hotel , check that he 's lose harry and , breathless , enter . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 87 . 88 . int . HOTEL lobby - night marie be behind the desk . marie oh. Mr blakely say you would leave ... ray I need the key to the room right now . quickly ! now ! she find and give it to he . ray and I need you to lock up and go home right now . it 's very very dangerous here . okay ? go home right now ! marie okay ... realising how serious he be , marie gather up she coat and stuff . ray head upstairs . marie be Mr blakely not come back tonight ? ray wince , keep move . 89 . ext . bruge street - night harry , breathe hard , open he pop - up map of bruge with * ken' HOTEL 's circle , and look up at a street sign . 90 . int . HOTEL room ~ night ray quickly tear the room asunder and find the hide gun , check it 's load . he see the ' last will 's envelope and almost cry , but stop as he suddenly hear downstairs ... marie ( 0.58 . ) no I will not let you up there . put that gun away right now . harry ( 0.s. ) Lady , get out of my way , please . marie ( 0.5 . ) no. I will not . I will not get out of you way . you will have to go through I . ray go to the top of the stair , peek round the corner and down at marie on the second step of the stair , block the way of harry , below she . ray crouch down and take aim as they argue ... shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 88 . ray ‘s Pov : along the barrel of the gun , he have a clear shot of harry , but it 's just above marie 's pregnant tummy . end Pov . harry well obviously I be not gonna go through you , be I , with you baby and that . I be a nice person . but could you just get out of the fuck way , please ? ray choose not to take the shot , and lower the gun . as ray speak , harry duck out of sight . ray Marie ? just let he come up , it 's okay . Harry ? swear not to start shoot until she 's leave the hotel . harry I swear not to start shoot till she 's leave the hotel . I totally swear . marie well I be not go anywhere . this be my hotel . so you can fuck off . marie sit in the middle of the narrow stair . harry be astonished . ray peek out and look down at he . they exchange a look of ' what the hell be wrong with this woman ? 's harry I suppose you have get a gun up there ? ray yeah . harry well what be we gonna do ? we can not stand here all night . marie why do not you both put you gun down and go home ? harry do not be stupid . this be the shoot - out . ray Harry ? I have get a idea . listen , my room face onto the canal , right ? I be gonna go back to my room , jump into the canal and see if I can swim to the other side and escape . ( more ) shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 89 . ray ( cont would ) if you run outside and round the corner , you can shoot at I from there and try and get I . but that way we leave this lady and she baby out of the whole entire thing . harry do you completely promise to jump into the canal ? I do not wanna run out there and come back in ten minute and find you fuck hide in a cupboard . ray I completely promise , Harry . I be not gonna risk have another little kid die , be I ? marie hear that , disturb and sadden . harry so , hang on , I go outside and then I go which way , right or leave ? ray you go right , do not ya . you can see it from the doorway . it 's a big fuck canal ! harry alright ! Jesus ! I have only just get here , have not I ?! okay . on a count of ' one , two , three , go 's . okay ? ray okay . ( long tense pause ) what , who say it ? harry oh . er , you say it . marie you guy be crazy !! ray alright , ready ? . harry ready . ray set? harry set . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 90 . ray ( pause ) one , two , three , go ! sound of ray stomping into he room . harry rush outside . marie be leave sit there , stunne , 91 . int / ext . HOTEL room - night ray pull open the lattice - window , look down into the water below , prepare himself ... ... then see a canal - boat approach quickly out of the freezing fog , empty save for the driver . ray time it so it 's just under he window as he leap ... 92 . ext . canal boat - night ..- and land in the boat with a thud . his gun , however , topple out of he hand and be lose in the murk of the canal . ray ( to driver ) keep drive ! ray suddenly see harry appear at the distant canalside , look around at the water a few second , then spot ray in the boat , get further and further away , into the mist . harry take aim as the driver speed up . ray ( quietly ) no way . you be way too far away . 93 . ext . HOTEL canalside - night harry steady he gun hand , take aim at ray , steadily recede into the fog ... harry no way . I be way too far away . --- and fire . 94 . ext . canal boat - night ray be hit fully in the stomach , busting a bloody hole there . he fall back in the boat . the driver speed towards the nearest landing dock . 95 . ext . canalside - night harry , see the boat aim for the distant dock , sprint away to cut they off , marie watch he go from the doorway . it 's beginning to snow . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 91 . 96 . ext . dock - night bleed profusely and terribly faint , ray walk up the step of the dock . the driver try to help he , but he say he 's okay , and give he the last of he money . in the background , harry can be see run along the other side of the canal towards the nearest bridge . at the top of the step , ray see distantly , through the fog and the snow , the arc-light , the costume , the camera and the people of jimmy 's film set . he stagger towards they . 97 . ext . bridge - night harry put he gun away so he do not look so suspicious to the passer - by , but keep on after ray . 98 . ext . canalside film set - night ray slowly stagger into the middle of the misty set , which seem to be wait for the freezing fog to clear . all the extras be dress in strange , nightmarish mask costume , many frighteningly similar to the demon , and that terrorise by they , in bosch 's ' last judgement 's . some have a identical bullet wound to ray 's , who stagger through all this , dizzily , horrify . he try to warn they of the danger from harry , but they do not seem to understand . a little way off , jimmy the dwarf get up to see what all the fuss be about , but can not quite see through the throng of people , so try to push he way through they . ray fall to he knee at one point , but get up and stagger on . harry finally arrive , a few foot behind he , and take he gun back out . the extras do not seem to be sure if this be not all part of they film , somehow . ray suddenly stop dead in he track , stare at something in front of he , horrify . ray the little boy . harry that 's right , Ray . the little boy . harry fire twice through ray 's back . ray fall to he knee ... ray oh Jesus , no ...! -..- then slump to the ground , revealing to we , and to harry , the body of jimmy the dwarf , one of the bullet have pass through ray and blow jimmy 's head off . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 92 . ray crawl up beside he and touch he gently . he 's obviously dead , and with he head half go , and he school - cap and uniform still intact , he look just like a little dead boy . he look that way to harry , anyway , as he stand above the pair , horror-stricken . harry look at ray . ray look at harry . harry oh. I see . slowly , very slowly , harry raise he gun and place it in he own mouth ... ray no , Harry , no ...! harry take the gun out again , tap it against he tooth a moment , think , then nod ... harry you have get to stick to you principle . harry put the gun back into he own mouth ... ray Harry , no ! he 's not ...! ... and blow he head completely off . ray slump back down . the gunshot ring in he ear and all other sound be go . ray ‘s Pov - look up at the misty night sky and the roof of the old building around as the snow fall heavy ; then , in turn , ... at the horrifying bosch figure look down at he ; at one - eye eirik somehow amongst they , look as guilty as juda ; at the dismay , tear -stricken face of chloe be drag away from he , scream ( silently ) ; at the ambulancemen and doctor , whose grim countenance do not seem to hold out too much hope ; at , from somewhere almost heavenly , marie , whose gentle , angelic , smile face make he think it all might work out alright in the end . as the oxygen go on , as he 's load into the too bright ambulance , ray 's Pov fade to black . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 93 . long pause . 99 . int . room - day close shot of a newspaper headline seemingly read 's in bruge 's . we pull back to reveal the headline actually read ' three die in bruge bloodbath 's . we pull back further to reveal , beneath the headline , the photo 's of harry , jimmy and ken . this whole piece of paper have be pin to a wall . a telephone start ringing . sitting on he bed , he chest and stomach wrap in bandage , be ray , the newspaper article pin to the wall to the side of he . it 's three month since the shoot , he 's unshaven and sickly - look . the phone be still ringing . he put a couple of ice-cube from the tray beside he bed into he glass , pour some whisky in and drink . the phone finally stop ringing . ray get up , still in pain , and move across the room , pass another newspaper headline on the wall read ' still no clue in murder of little tobias 's along with a large happy picture of the little boy from the church . also pin to the wall be the little boy 's confession note . as we see this , we hear ray open a cupboard and take something metallic out . phone start ringing again . ray sit back on the bed in the same position as before , take another sip of whisky , and pick up the phone . he do not speak . chloe hello ?! hello , Raymond ?! ( pause ) Raymond , be that you ? ( pause ) please , Raymond ....! ray hello , Chloe . chloe Ray ...! SOUND of chloe break down in tear . chloe you go back to London ? ray mn. shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 94 , chloe I want to take care of you . ( pause ) they say it be okay to leave ? ray to leave bruge ? chloe to leave the hospital . ray I stay in bruge three month longer than I ever intend to . I be not stay any longer . chloe be you go to come back ? ray ( almost tearfully ) I do not think so , chloe well can I come to London to see you ? ray no. chloe ( cry ) Raymond , please ... do not be horrible . ray I be not be horrible . chloe then let I come to see you . ray I '' not gonna be here . chloe where be you go to be ? ( pause ) Ray , come back to bruge . ray I do not like bruge . chloe you do like bruge . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 95 . ray I do not like bruge . ( smile ) it 's a shit-hole . chloe ( laugh ) say you like bruge , just a little bit . ( pause ) Ray ? say you like bruge , just a little bit . ray I like bruge . just a little bit . chloe do you really ? ray I like the swan . ( pause ) and a couple of the people . chloe oh , that lady from the hotel , you know ? be she name Marie ? I meet she on the street yesterday . she have a baby boy . ray do she ? chloe yes . ray that 's good . chloe Seven pound . ray that 's good . what 's she go to call it ? chloe er ... what 's she go to call it , she do tell I ... I can not remember . something like ' Tobias 's or something . ray half - laugh , sick to he stomach . chloe I think it 's a nice name . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 96 . ray I think it 's a nice name too . listen , Chloe , I have get to hang up now . chloe what ?! ray I have get to hang up now . chloe you have get to hang up ?! you would not let I see you all the three month you be in the hospital , even though I come every day , then you run back to bngland without even tell I , and then when I finally speak to you , you speak for two minute , then you have to hang up ?! why do you have to hang up ?! why ?! ray it 's for you own good , Chloe ... chloe it 's not for my own good ! how be it for my own good ?! tell I why you have to hang up ! I have wait for three month , Ray ! tell I why you have to hang up ! ray why do I have to hang up ? chloe yes ! why do you have to hang up ?! ray ( pause ) because I do not want you to hear the gunshot . ray hang up , then take the receiver off the hook and lay it down . it will quietly drine through the rest of the scene . a tear fall as he take the gun that be rest in he lap , hold it in the air for a second , breathes deeply for a few moment , then place it against he head . he hold it there a long while , eye close , deep breathe , then finally take it away , open he eye , pick up he whisky glass , sighing , and slowly finish it off . courage regain , he put the glass back down , breathes deeply again , and put the gun back up to he head . shoot script - in bruge - 29/12/2006 97 . ray come on . ten , nine , eight , seven ... he close he eye ... ray six , five , four , three , two , one ... teeth gritt , eye clamp tight , ten more second pass till he finally sigh loudly , take the gun away again and lean he head back against the wall . he look at the photo on the wall from the newspaper story , of jimmy , of harry , and , lingeringly , of ken . none of they want he to go through with it . then finally he look at the photo of little tobias and the blood-stain confession note beside it . he move across the bed and take the confession note from the wall , knock into the telephone slightly as he do so . he look at the phone a while as it irritatingly drone on . he put the phone back on the hook and look at it a very long while , to see if it will ring . it do not ring . he sit on the edge of he bed , shitty London frame out the window behind he . he look at the confession note again , as do we ... ray' Pov : " 1 . be sad . 2 . be bad at math . 3 . be moody '' and the month - old blood still cake in the corner . he fold the note into he leave breast pocket , beside he heart . he nod ... ray you have get to stick to you principle . he cock the gun . he slowly put it to he head . tear fill he eye and he close they as the tear fall . he sigh calmly , know , perhaps for the first time , that this time he will go through with it . the telephone start ringing . he open he eye . CUT to black