C . in good ompany written by Paul weitz a digital alarm clock hit 4:30 am . the first note of a song , the credit music , start as a hand turn off the alarm clock . int . dan' bedroom - early morning - night dan foreman , age 51 , get out of bed . his wife Ann , 46 , mumble , do not open she eye . ext . dan 's house - night a light go on in a window . int . dan 's bathroom - early morning - night Dan shave , shower , it 's still dark outside . he look at the grey in he hair . int . dan 's bedroom ~ early morning - night Dan get dress in the dark . put on he tie . kiss Ann on the forehead . behind Ann be a picture of Dan 's family . Dan tiptoe out . int . dan ’'s kitchen - early morning - night Dan drink coffee . on a small tv behind he , a business channel be on . we see anti-wto riot . Bill Gates . image of computer chip be manufacture in India . Dan turn the SOUND up as a new story come on , the globecom logo with merger rumor as a headline . news anchor after month of speculation , analyst expect a announcement this week that globecom International will acquire waterman publish and its flagship magazine , Sports America . Dan 's attention be catch . news anchor the man at the helm of globecom , billionaire media magnate teddy k , have be on a spend spree recently -- acquire a food service company , a cable operator , and two telecommunication provider in deal total more than 13 billion dollar . ( pause ) and , how do one lucky ferret owner come to own the large dog- treat manufacturer on the east coast ? Dan turn off the tv . he dump the use coffee grain in the trash , where he see the box for ... a '' Home pregnancy test kit '' . he lift it out of the garbage . glance over at a picture of he daughter Alex in tennis gear on the fridge . fear wash over he face . light sweep over the window . a car horn beeps . Dan look at he watch . ext . dan nos house , suburb ~ early morning - night Dan get in a cab . ext . airport —- morning a plane take off . ext . kalb automotive - day Dan get out of a rental car . int . kalb 's office - day eugene kalb be sixty -someth , the ceo of kalb Automotive . he shake hand with Dan . kalb thanks for the laker ticket . the seat be great , and I be sick of my damn luxury box . dan I hope Taylor have a fun birthday party . kalb ( smile ) my grandson have a terrific time . but I still do not want to advertise in the magazine . my son - in - law tell I people do not read anymore . too much effort move the eye back and forth . we be put we budget into tv , radio and internet . a pause . we be ready for Dan to launch into a big pitch . dan okay . kalb '' okay ? '' what do that mean ? dan I '' not go to try to sell you . kalb why the hell not ? you be a salesman , be not you ? dan yes . I be just not a very good one . kalb in 1l say . dan ( laugh ) but I be go to ask you one favor . Dan take a issue of sport america magazine out of he briefcase . dan I be go to leave you a issue of the magazine . and I will personally send you a new one every week . I all call you again in a few week , and if you want to , we will talk . there 's a pretty good article compare today 's quarterback with jonny unitas . kalb there 's no comparison . unitas would kick they butt . ( more ) kalb ( cont would ) ( hold up magazine ) so this be you sale pitch ? dan yeah . I have work at the Magazine for over twenty year , and I believe in it . kalb good for you . you worried about all this rumor that you parent company 's gonna be sell ? dan not really . can not see how it would affect I . kalb well , hopefully it will not. nget up ) you know , that teddy K. character offer to buy my business a few year ago . want to merge we with pep boy . I tell he to screw himself ... who know , maybe I be dumb . my son- in - law say I 'ma dinosaur . dan hey , do not knock the dinosaur . they rule the earth for million of year . they must have be do something right . kalb laugh . the two of they shake hand . int . globecom conference room - day closeup on a dinosaur , or , more accurately , a cell - phone shape like a dinosaur , hold by carter duryea , 26 , executive . carter we will never be able to reach this significant , untapped market unless we learn to think like they . in point of fact , less than .05 percent of all cell phone user be currently beneath the age of five year old . ( more ) a young carter ( cont would ) the triceratops phone , the t- rex phone , and the pterodactyl phone be go to change all that . and ... each phone will have its own unique ring . the cell phone roar like a dinosaur . carter ( little kid voice ) mommy ... I want one ... buy I one for Christmas ... at the end of the conference table sit steckle , the boss of this group of young marketing exec . steckle p.f.g. , Carter . p.f.g. young exec # 1 ( whisper to Carter ) what 's p.f.g ? carter pretty frigging good . Carter make the phone roar again . steckle look up from check the email on he handheld blackberry . steckle gentlemen , lady , I have a announcement to make . it 's on . teddy K. have bust he move , and we be take over waterman publish . the room erupt in applause . steckle the man have vision . he 's a maniac . and I guess it 's okay for I to tell you , teddy k have personally ask I to go over there and turn around marketing in the magazine division . so , if you will excuse I . carry on . steckle get up and leave the meeting . everyone start talk . young exec # 1 ( excited , to Carter ) waterman publish -- wow -- 6 . carter a yeah , yeah , yeah —- Carter hurry out the door . int . globecom hallway — day Carter follow steckle down the hall . carter Mark ! Mark ! he catch up with he , dodging past other people in the hall . carter okay , so you be take I with you . you have to take I with you . steckle Carter , I be gonna take that place and whip its fat ass into shape ... and ... carter and ? : ~ steckle and I want you to come run ad sale at Sports America . carter I know it ! steckle the magazine 's a cash cow . it 's the cornerstone . I mention you name to teddy k . he like what you do with cell phone . carter wait , hold up . teddy K. know my name ? steckle I be go to tell you something and i do not want it to go to you head . ( pause ) you nre be groom . carter I be be groom ? ( pause ) Mark , thank you . I be go to kick so much ass for you . I will take no prisoner . I will be you ninja assassin ! steckle ( cheerful ) wow , you be the new I ! ( beat , dead serious ) no. I be the new I . ( smile ) congratulation ! steckle walk off . Carter give a karate kick . int . alex 's bedroom - night alex , Dan 's 18 year old daughter , lie in bed , awake . she have a tennis ball in she hand . she toss it up in the air , catch it with the same hand , repeat the motion over and over . ext . dan 's house - night a cab pull up , drop Dan off . int . dan ‘s kitchen - night go through the kitchen . Dan pause , look into the wastebasket . the pregnancy kit be go . int . dan 's house , corridor - night Dan go down the hall , open a door , look into he 16 year old daughter jana 's room . she 's sleep . he close the door again . continue down the hall , take a deep breath , and leok in on Alex 's room . int . alex 's bedroom - night alex look up from she bed . alex hey , dad . 8 . dan wot ! hey , button . what be you do awake ? alex ( shrug ) could not sleep , dan could not sleep ? why ? you worry about something ? alex not really . dan Cause if you be worried about something ... you know you can always talk to I . remember , when you be little , we make a deal , we would always be honest with each other . alex ( laugh ) yeah ... I actually be a little tired . we be still play tomorrow , right ? —_ dan sure . alex alright , I 'il see you then . ( turn off the light ) Love you . dan ( stand there a moment ) Love you too . he close the door , head to he bedroom . int . dan' bedroom - night Dan 's wife ann , 46 , look up as Dan change out of he travel clothes . ann what time be it ? hi , sweetheart . dan Little after three . sorry I wake you up . go back to sleep . Dan get in bed beside she . he kiss she shoulder . she kiss he back . ann you be not tired ? dan not really .... honey , do umm ... do Alex have a new boyfriend ? ann uh , no , not that I know of . why ? dan well ... no reason . what about that myron kid ? ann ( kiss he ) I think they be just friend . ( pause ) I '' pregnant -- dan what ?! ( pause ) I be sorry , I think you say you be pregnant . ( she nod ) you can not be pregnant . ann I know , but I be . dan but -- how do that happen ? ann well , I think you be there too . dan no , honey . you be do with all that . ann that 's what Dr. Steinberg say , but ... I guess he be wrong . 10 . dan be you sure ? ( she nod ) Holy crap ... holy crap ! do it feel like a boy ? ann right now it feel like a stomach flu . dan you can not be serious . be you serious ? ( beat ) alright ... alright . this be go to be fine . when he 's twenty - one , I will be ... seventy -two . ann Three . dan two . ann Three . dan Holy crap . Dan lay back in bed , stare anxiously up at the ceiling . int . carter' house - night carter ( 0.s. ) I be so excited . Carter be lie in bed with he ( newlyw ) wife kimberly . he 's on he back . she 's face away from he . carter I be just so damn excited . be this excitement contagious , or what ? KIMBERLY no . carter I be be groom . I be be groom . do you understand what that mean ? il . KIMBERLY that you nre a chimpanzee ? carter it mean ... well , it mean we be on the road . it 's all fall into place . we can get a bigger house . we can have kid . I mean , we have a life go on here ! KIMBERLY Carter , it 's three am . how much more enthusiasm be we look at here ? Fifteen minute ? a hour ? carter I do not know , I be sorry , it 's just ... teddy K. know my name . KIMBERLY be you even qualified for this job ? carter what ? sure . selling cell phone , sell ad space , it 's all the same crap . anyway , it 's just a step stone . ext . carter 's house - night the lone light go off . int . sport america office - day cu. on computer monitor ( spatially same as house ) show news of globecom 's takeover of waterman publish . pull out to reveal everyone freaking out in office . morty , middle age , dapper , and morbid , be say to anyone who will listen ( at the moment , Theo , another salesman ) : morty we be all go to get fire . Theo anything 's possible . morty it 's not possible , it 's probable . 12. louie , barrel chest , frenetic , come down the hall with alicia , a sale woman . louie have you hear about this teddy k guy ? alicia everyone 's hear of he -- louie I hear he 's a albino , but he cover it up with makeup ! morty hey , alicia ! alicia ? be you fire yet ? alicia what ? no ! why , be you fire ? int . dan 's office - day a placard on the desk read dan foreman -- vp ad sale . Dan 's office have a great view of the city . it 's decorate with the memorabilia from Dan 's more than twenty year at Sports America . Dan sit with he boss , enrique . dan I '' sorry , be you -- be you say I be fire ? enrique not yet , not yet , Dan . but I can not predict the future . the thing be , you nre not head of ad sale anymore . Carter duryea be . dan who the hell be Carter duryea ? enrique some hotshot from globecom . this be a bummer , Dan . a real bummer . but you be lucky . a lot of people be get can immediately , across the company . dan be you get fire ? 13. enrique me? no. dan we have we biggest year ever this year . my team work incredibly hard . I be not go to put up with this . enrique you have to put up with it . I mean , what be you gonna do , start somewhere new ? you be not a kid anymore . you know how tough it be out there . place be cut back , they be not look for guy like you who make a decent salary . hey , I be as piss off about this as you be . dan so then why be you smile ? enrique I be not smile . dan you lip be curling up . enrique they do that naturally , Dan . ext . madison ave - day Dan 's older daughter , Alex , walk into the waterman publish building . int . lobby , waterman publishing build - day Alex get into a elevator . she 's hold a tennis racket . behind she , Carter hurrie towards the elevator . carter hold up ! please . Alex use she racket to hold the door open . 14 . int . elevator - day Carter and Alex be alone in the elevator . Alex push the button for the 47th floor . carter 47 . go to the Sports America office ? alex yup . carter +.- what be you , a intern ? alex no. my dad work there ... be you intern there ? carter I be start a new job there . alex oh. cool. congratulation . that 's awesome . carter thank you . ( pause ) to be honest , I be scared shitless . I have no idea what I be do . Alex laugh . carter do not tell anyone , okay ? alex ( laugh ) okay . I will not . she smile at he . he smile back . the elevator reach the floor , the door open , and Carter 's expression turn to one of confidence . carter after you . int . sport america office , by dan 's office - day theo , a salesman , pass by dan. 15 . Theo Dan , you daughter 's here . dan she be ? Dan start down the hall . alicia hey , boss , what 's this takeover gonna mean for we stock option ? dan I have no idea . and do not call I '' boss '' . int . sport america office , hallway - day from the other direction come Carter , lead by debra , the receptionist . debra ( kissing ass ) so nice to meet you , Mr. colon ' 's very excited to work with you -- as Dan pass morty 's office , morty yell to Dan . morty Dan , you hear anything new ? be we all fire ? dan ( distract ) can not talk now , morty -- his head turn towards morty , dan walk right into carter . it 's a real collision . debra give a gasp . carter ooof ! dan sorry ! carter no , I be sorry . you alright ? dan I be fine . it be my fault . you okay ? 16 . carter I think so . no break bone . dan alright , then . no harm , no foul . Dan move on towards the reception area . int . reception , sport america - day Dan walk up to Alex . alex hey , dad. dan hey , champ . what be you do here ? alex umm , tennis , remember ? dan oh , yeah . sorry . alex be today no good for you ? dan ( beat ) no , it 's fine . heck with it . let 's go . ext . rooftop tennis court - day Dan and Alex be play tennis on a rooftop court . Alex serve . Dan get a racket on it , but just barely . the ball go flying . in fact , she be a awesome tennis player , run Dan rag around the court . Dan try to reach a crosscourt shot and tumble to the ground . alex you okay ? Dan look over at he daughter , and dee some pushup . after they match , they sit on a bench . Dan be drench . 17 . alex you sort of suck today . dan I be hold back , to build up you confidence . alex yeah right . you be gettin’ old . dan thank you . alex dad , remember how I be say maybe I have want to transfer to nyu ? well ... I get in . dan to nyu ? sweetheart , that 's fantastic ! ( beat ) but that mean ... you would have to live in the city . alex yeah ... I want to study creative write , and nyu have a great program . dan how about the tennis team ? alex dad ... I be not go to be a professional tennis player . dan well look , button , it 's almost as tough be a writer . live in the city , I do not think it 's such a great idea . it can be really lonely , you need street smart . I just do not think it 's a great idea . alex but I want to try live in the city . I know nyu 's a lot more expensive . but it would be such a good experience . 18 , dan yeah . it be more expensive , but ... ( pause ) it 's you education , that 's the most important thing ... we can manage it . she hug he , elate . over Alex 's shoulder , Dan 's face fall , the pressure get the best of he . alex ( laugh ) yech , you be like drench . when Alex pull back , he smile for she sake . int . sport america office - day Enrique be go down the hall , show Carter around . enrique this be morty wexler . morty , Carter duryea . carter you be on the Ford account , right ? morty correct . carter great to meet you . morty you too . I be really look forward to work with you ! Enrique and Carter move on . louie come out of he office . louie ( in a mincing voice , imitate morty ) '' I be really look forward to work with you . '' louie make a '' ass-kiss '' sound . morty bite I . further down the hall , Enrique lead Carter towards dan 's office . 19 , enrique we have a terrific office for you , great view . but it 's not clear out yet . Enrique take Carter into dan 's office . enrique not bad , hunh ? Excuse I a second , I be just go to use the little boy 's room . Enrique leave Carter in Dan 's comfortable office . Carter look at the view . carter ( impressed ) tasty . int . sport america office , hallway - day Dan come back into the office , shower and clean after he game . int . dan 's office - day Carter be still wait for Enrique . he be glance at Dan 's family photo , as well as photo of Dan with sport star , etc. when Dan come in . dan can I help you ? carter oh ! sorry , this be you office . dan yeah . ( beat ) you nre the guy I bump into . carter yes . you must be Dan Foreman . ( smile ) hi , I be Carter duryea . dan you be Carter duryea ? carter yes . great to meet you . dan the Carter duryea who 's come in to run ad sale ? carter correct . Carter put he hand out . dan how old be you ? carter I ? I be twenty -six . dan you be twenty -six ... Dan shake he hand . dan ++- and you be my new boss . carter I guess so ... ( wince ) hey , that 's some ... kung - fu grip you have get there . Dan let go of he hand . dan so what kind of experience do you have in ad sale ? carter not much . dan how much ? carter none . dan none , well , that 's not much . carter I be a fast learner . so now you know how old I be . how old be you ? 20 . 21 . dan I be fifty - one . carter wow , that 's -- that 's crazy . you be one year older than my father . Enrique come in . enrique great , you two have meet ! carter yeah , we be good pal already . ( smile ) well , nice to meet you . dan un-hunh . it be a pleasure . enrique Dan , you want this door close ? dan yeah , why do not you go ahead and close it . they exit , Enrique close the deor behind they . Dan pick up a autographed baseball . across the room be a silver trophy - plate read " 1987 — salesman of the year '' . he take aim , and whip the ball at the plate , sending it flying . int . hallway by dan' office - day a plate read dan foreman , vice president ad sale be sly out of its holder as moving men transfer Dan 's stuff to a smaller office . Dan step into he new office , watch the box pile up . ext . porsche dealership ~ day Carter walk with a well - dress man , a uncle , perhaps ? the man look proud of he . 22 . carter it be pretty unexpected . it 's like a pretty big promotion . porsche dealer wow ! that 's fantastic ! Way to go . the camera reveal that he be in a porsche dealership . the man accompany he be a salesman . porsche dealer ( stop in front of a car ) so , the boxster S - type have more gut . you will sure feel the extra horsepower . but if you really want to go , I have say take the nine eleven carrerra . carter ( consider ) T all take the nine eleven . int . porsche - day Carter try out the stereo . the cup holder . the seat warmer . ext . porsche dealership lot - later Carter zoom out of the lot in a new , black porsche carrerra . int . porsche 911 — day carter nice ! tasty ! Carter be check himself out in the mirror , distract , when -- ext . STREET by porsche dealership - day a suv slam into the front of he car . int . porsche 911 - day the airbag slam Carter back into he seat . 23. carter mmmff -- ext . STREET by porsche dealership - day the porsche sit there , its front leave side crumpled . the suv driver put down he cellphone . suv driver I will call you back . ( call out ) jackass ! ext . carter 's house - night the damage porsche pull up into Carter 's driveway . Carter get out , he arm in a sling . int . carter' house - night Carter walk in , notice a couple of suitcase by the door . kimberly be stand there . KIMBERLY hi. carter hi. I uh ... I hurt my arm . but I be okay . KIMBERLY I be glad you nre okay . Carter ... she nod to the suitcase . carter Kim ... kimmy ... again ? come on . Seven month . we have be marry seven month . I know thing have be a bit off . I have be put in crazy hour at my job . I know we should have -- we should have go on a real honeymoon , that be my fault . I should have -- TI should have shut off that cell phone -- that thing be ringing off the hook ! the good thing be , I can change . this have be a great lesson to I . thank you . KIMBERLY do not try to sell I , Carter . carter ( plow on ) Kim , I love you . I want to have child with you . KIMBERLY but I do not want to have child with you . I do not even know if I want to have child , period . I tell you that . I tell you on we second date . carter I think you be joke . KIMBERLY Carter ... be this really such a surprise to you ? carter --- be you ... sleep with someone else ? KIMBERLY ++- I be . but I break up with he . Carter burst out laugh . carter wow , that must have be rough on he ! she go and pick up she bag . KIMBERLY I will be at my parent . they be really excited to have I back . Carter cover he face . we hear a heartbeat . int . obstetrician ‘s office — day 24 . Dan stare nervously at Ann as the obstetrician listen for the baby 's heartbeat with a '' stereo '' stethoscope . obstetrician we be gonna hear two heartbeat now , that strong slower one be yours , mom . 25 . Dan listen as a strong , steady heartbeat be hear over the scope 's amplifier . the obstetrician fish around . a quieter , faster heartbeat be hear beside the bass drum of Ann 's pulse . obstetrician and that ... that 's you baby 's heartbeat . ann oh my God ... Ann smile , look up at Dan , who be look pale . obstetrician Nice strong heartbeat . that 's you new baby , Dan . Dan look stress out . subjectively , with Dan , we hear a irregular beat join the other beat . he try to smile , grimace instead . ann Dan ? dan yes ? ann be you okay ? dan yeah ... that 's...fantastic ... I be -- I just feel a little -- you know -- CUT to : Dan 's shirt be open , and the doctor be listen to dan' heartbeat . obstetrician well , you be have a little bit of arrhythmia . have you be drink a lot of caffeine ? be you under a lot of stress ? dan well ... I do sort of get demote at work . obstetrician ah. 26 . ann you what ? dan onod , try to smile ) we will talk . Ann look shocked . int . porsche in driveway - night cu McDonalds wrapper on the passenger seat . Carter sit alone in he porsche outside he house . he recline the car seat as far back as it will go ( which be not far ) . he curl up to try to sleep in the porsche . int . sport america conference room - day a Grande cup of starbucks coffee be drain by Carter . Carter 's assistant , sammy , come up to he hold a new cup . sammy another ? carter yeah , do not even ask , just keep it come . Carter start on the next cappuccino as he go to the head ef a long conference table . the entire sale team , as well as everyone 's secretary , and even a couple of the janitorial staff , be gather . Dan sit among the rest of the sale team . carter how be everyone 's weekend ? good ? nput he face in he hand ) I be sorry , that be ... a uncomfortable pause , as Carter gather himself . carter all right ! I would like to thank everyone for join I . as most of you know , my name 's Carter duryea and I be really excited to be work with such a great group of people . ( more ) 27 . carter ( cont would ) like teddy K. say , what make globecom great ... be the man and woman ...of globecom -- be it like a thousand degree in here , or be it I ? ( beat ) it 's I . morty look at Dan , concerned . carter now I have be give a agenda here , and you be gonna learn this about I , I be a machine ... ( Carter blank ) what be I say ? alicia a agenda ? carter agenda , yes . in order to achieve the goal that have be set out for we , we be go to have to increase ad page by 20 percent . there be a murmur in the room . Carter suck down some more coffee . morty ( whisper . to louie ) shit , I know it . dan {with disbelief ) twenty percent ? Carter , only a start up magazine can do that . carter well I think this team can do it . morty ( tentative ) uh. . '' how ? dan ( automatic ) well , morty -- carter ( cut he off ) good question . and the answer ... ( a epiphany ) '' -. be synergy . ( more ) silence . 28 . carter ( cont would ) to take it to the next level , we need to team up , we need to synchronize , we need to synergize ! we be not alone here . we be not alone ! we be now part of one of the biggest multimedia and brand hame company in the universe . let 's take advantage of that . do you know that one of we sister company make krispity krunch ? dan so ? carter so we talk to we brother and sister at krispity krunch , and we make a deal to supply Sports factoid for they box , so when Joe couch potato be snack , what do he see ? Sports America krispity krunch Sports factoid ! he 's definitely get more krispity krunch , and he 's definitely not get krunch and ' krackle , which look and taste exactly the same , but have no sport factoid . krispity krunch be so pleased with the idea that they guarantee twenty - six page a year . besides which , they know teddy kk . be gonna be piss if they do not pony up . bingo -- synergy ! dan be not that cheating ? carter Hell no ! and you know what else ? we also own starline cell phone . what do we put on they browser ? dan factoid ? carter yes ! factoid ! synergy ! you know what else ? box score ! and ad ! we make a deal where one-hund thousand hit on the internet have a equivalent value of one ad page in we hard copy . ( more ) 29 . carter ( cont would ) be you get it , people ? the Magazine be now just a sort of portal to a synergize world of cross-promotion ! let 's open thing wide here , people ! let 's get psyched ! come on , let 's take the plunge , let 's embrace something new ! ( point ) louie , be you psyched about this ? louie ++» I be psyched . carter okay . alicia , be you psyched ? alicia absolutely . carter you ... what 's you name ? maintenance guy hector . I be in maintenance . carter oh . that 's cool . hector , I know you nre psyched . maintenance guy I ’m psyched ! carter alright , hector 's psyched ! and if hector ' 's psyched , then I '' psyched ! I be psyched for this team ! who else be psyched ! people call out '' I be psyched ! '' morty ( lean over to louie ) who do you think will be the first to get can ? louie ( whisper ) my bet 's on Dan . he 's prehistoric . 30 . int . japanese restaurant - day Carter and Dan sit at a sushi restaurant . Carter 's leg bounce with nervous energy . carter I be glad you could join I for lunch , Dan . do you like sushi ? dan I will stick with the teriyaki . carter you should try some ! the spicy tuna roll be awesome here . here , try it ! Carter hold out he plate , which be cover with sushi . carter get that . get that . go fishin’ man . Dan look at it a moment , then take a bite . dan ( hate it ) mmm ~- yeah . really ...raw . carter ( talk over he ) so I want to talk to you , because the increase in ad page be only part of the equation in term of achieve the bottom line my boss want I to hit . I be also go to have to get rid of 300 k salary from the sale team , immediately . dan Carter , I do not make that much money . carter I know what you make , Dan . dan alright . well . ( get up ) I wish you tell I I be fire before I eat the goddam fish . 31 . carter hey , hold on a second , I be not let you go here . dan you be not ? carter no. look , you be a excellent salesman , you run a good team , and I think there 's the potential for you to be a awesome wing man . dan a awesome wing man . well , Carter , I can see the benefit to you in have a awesome wing man . but what 's the benefit to I , at this point in my career , in be a awesome wing man ? carter well , one benefit , at this point in you career , be you get to keep you job . that 's a pretty good benefit , do not you think ? Dan stand there , consider . int . sport america office - day the salesman be hushed , as swearing be hear from down the hall , behind the close door of Carter 's ( Dan 's old ) office . enrique ( 0.s. ) be you smile ? you be smile at I -- you think this be funny ! Enrique emerge from Carter 's office . enrique that a-hole . we will see how soon this place go down the shitter without I ! that little , snot - nosed brat ! enrigue storm past where morty and Dan be drink coffee . morty raise he eyebrow at Dan . morty maybe there be justice in the world . 32 . Enrique push past a group of eavesdropp salespeople on he way to the elevator . enrique you enjoy yourselves ? great . as Enrique leave , alicia and theo do a little high - five . int . carter ‘s ( dan 's old ) office - day have just fire Enrique , Carter sag , lean he head against the close door . music rise over the follow montage . int . dan 's new office - day Dan put a copy of the magazine into a fedex packet to send to eugene kalb in Los Angeles , sammy , Carter 's twenty - something assistant , appear at he door . sammy ( snappy ) Carter 's ready for you . int . carter ‘s ( dan 's old ) office ~ day the office be empty and stark , absent the clutter of Dan 's picture and memorabilia . Carter hand Dan a booklet of form in the globecom blue color . carter Dan , I would like you to fill this out , please -- Carter see Dan glance at the lone photo on he shelf -- a picture of kimberly . Carter turn the picture over on it 's face . carter it 's a 360 evaluation . dan and that be ? 33 . carter it 's a self -evaluation . they call it 360 because it 's suppose to be from every angle . it 's corporate policy . it no be great if you have it on Monday . Carter pat Dan on the arm , dismiss he . int . conference room - day Carter address a group of buyer , Dan at he side . carter if you want to get aggressive , if you want to reach that core demographic -- dan I believe -- carter ( cut he off ) not now , dan. ( to buyer ) Sports America be the top magazine , boy twelve to eighteen , in the country . Dan deflate a little . int . carter be ( dan 's old ) office ~ night late at night . a janitor go by as Carter work late . int . carter' house - day closeup profile Carter run against a jungle background . for a moment it look as if he 's out in the wild . he have a phone to he ear . kim 's voice ( 0.s. ) hi , leave I a message ! or do not . beep . we pull back , revealing Carter be jogging on a treadmill by he flat - screen tv , which have a nature show on . 34 . carter ( leave message ) hi , it 's I . I mean , you know it 's I , I guess I be ... fill up the old mailbox ... anyway , call I back . or do not . he hang up . look at the phone again . int . carter' live room - day Carter squat in front of a fish tank with a single goldfish in it . he tap the tank , try to get the fish 's attention . carter here boy . here boy . here . int . carter ’'s house — day Carter be back on the treadmill , call a old friend . carter oh , hi , Mrs. charneski , be Jeff there ? oh , he do ? okay , well , please tell he Carter say hi . int . dan 's house , suburb Dan sit watch tv . the phone ring . dan hello ? int . carter' live room - day Carter wave at the goldfish . carter here boy . hey . the fish be oblivious . int . dan 's house - night Dan sit eat popcorn , watch tv . the phone ring . carter ( 0.s . ) ' hey , Dan ! Carter here . 35 . dan who ? carter ( 0.s. ) ( chuckle ) Carter duryea . listen , I have like to get the group together tomorrow and go over some business development idea . dan tomorrow 's Sunday . carter ( 0.s. ) right ! we would get a great jump on the week . I '' not talk the whole day , just the afternoon , meet at noon , I x11 order some sushi , it all be fun . great ! Carter hang up . Dan look at the phone , shocked . ext . madison ave - day Dan walk up to the building on Sunday , look angry . int . sport america office ~ day Dan walk into the Sports America office . it 's empty . int . carter be ( dan' old ) office - day Carter sit at he desk , press he finger into he eye . steckle ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you do ? from Carter 's Pov , we see steckle in double . carter uh , nothing , just ... see star . you ever do that ? steckle yeah , when I be three . carter what be you do here on a Sunday ? 36 . steckle Sunday be a fun day to kick some ass . carter absolutely . hey , my team 's come in . Dan Foreman 's here , you should meet he , steckle yeah , I would rather not get personally involved . do not we decide to let he go ? carter no , I let go of Enrique colon instead , remember ? steckle oh , yeah , that 's right . dida little '' colon cleanse '' . get it ? carter ( laugh ) that 's good . hey , you want to have dinner tonight ? steckle wish I could , but I '' fly to Berlin to meet with some of we satellite guy . carter ( disappointed ) oh . that 's too bad . steckle why ? something wrong ? carter no , just ... ( beat ) ah , my wife and I be have a few problem ... steckle okay , gotta go . look , you be gonna have to riff some more people . carter riff they ? 37 . steckle reduction in force . shitcan they . carter listen , I -- I think we can get page up , so we do not have to riff anyone yet . steckle Fine . but sooner or later , we all have to deal with reality . steckle leave . int . hall by conference room - night night . a group of salesmen be leave the impose Sunday meeting . Carter stand outside the door , still full of energy , say goodbye as everyone finally leave to go home . carter great work , thanks for come in ! night , morty ! night louie ! what be you guy up to ? want to go out for a beer ? louie I no love to , but I be a recover alcoholic . carter oh . better not then . morty ? morty I would better get home for dinner . my wife be slowly poisoning I to death , and she get very angry if I '' late . carter ( beat ) okay . no problemo . alicia ? alicia no , I have to get home and do my hair . carter hey , Dan , want to grab a beer ? 38 . dan I have to go have dinner with my family . ( joke ) you want to have dinner with my family ? carter ( quickly ) sure ! that would be great ! thanks a lot ! just let I get my stuff together . dan hey , wait -- but Carter be already off . Dan be surprised and annoyed that Carter be take he up on he mock offer . ext . dan 's house , suburb - night Carter 's unwash , dent porsche pull up to the house . Carter have a lead foot on the brake . dan who teach you how to drive ? carter uh , no one , dan no kid . int . dan 's house , live room - night Ann come out from the kitchen as Dan and Carter come in . carter now this be a house ! I mean , like a home - type house , you know what I mean ? dan yes. sweetheart , this be Carter duryea from the office . ann ( fake smile ) oh. hello . Nice to meet you . 39 . carter hi , Mrs. Foreman . thanks so much for have I in you home . Carter hug Ann , who be take by surprise . ann uhh -- you be very welcome . I hope you like baked ziti . carter I love baked ziti . bake ziti . exactly ! that be exactly what I need . fantastic . Home cooking . awesome . int . dan nos house , kitchen - night Ann and Dan be in the kitchen . ann be there something wrong with he ? dan clearly . let 's just feed he and get he the hell out of here . ann he really be young . at least , a lot young than you . dan thanks for that . ann I do the number on nyu today . do you know how expensive that school be ? plus live expense . plus Jana 's oxthodonture . plus baby cost . dan hey , do not worry about it . ann that 's not actually a solution to a problem : '' do not worry about it . '' I think we might have to take out a second mortgage . 40 . dan maybe I should go into the live room and ask my boss for a raise . int . dan' house , live room - night Carter be look at frame family photo on the mantle . he stare at the happy photograph , he expression be as if he 's try to decipher rune . Alex come down the stair , follow by Jana . Alex stop short . carter oh , hi ! TI be just look at you in this photograph , and you be , you have -~ I never actually introduce myself in the elevator . I be Carter duryea -~ alex I know who you be . do my dad know you be here ? carter you dad invite I for dinner . technically . jana who 's this ? alex this be dad 's new boss . jana you can not be dad 's new boss . you be too young . alex he 's also '' scared shitless '' . carter hey . good memory . jana plus you be too cute to be dad 's boss . carter really ? thanks . 41 . the phone ring . jana ( yell ) I ‘ve got it ! she run upstair to answer , leave Alex and Carter alone . carter so , how 's it go ? Alex look at he like he 's weird . alex I '' okay . what be you do here , really ? carter really ? my wife leave I , and today 's the anniversary of we first date , and I find the idea of go home to my house to be too depress , so I sort of leech ento you dad and invite myself over . alex ... you nre sort of a bizarrely honest guy , hunh ? carter not really . just with you , for some reason . most people would probably say I be a anal - retentive , emotionally guard asshole . the two of they stand there a moment . alex ( pause ) you want to play foosball ? carter okay . alex okay . just let I ... change . int . dan 's house , kitchen - night Ann be open the oven . Dan grab 42 . dan you think Alex can cope with live in New York on she own ? ann T be less worried about she cope with it than I be about you . dan yeah , frankly I would rather keep she under house arrest with a home device on she ankle . ann so then why have you agree to it without even talk to I ? and why be you teenage boss here ? and why de I feel so nauseous -- I hardiy have any morning sickness the first two time ! I be sick of it ! dan alright , alright , calm down ... let I get that -- the hot casserole dish with he bare hand -- dan oww ! shit ! he drop the casserole , shatter it on the floor , splash tomato sauce on he pants . Ann just look at he . then she lean over to be sick in the sink . int . dan 's house , garage - night Alex be kick Carter 's ass at foosball . alex I be just not that into tennis anymore , and what I be really not into be be '' the tennis jock , '' you know ? it 's like people do not even invite I to party because they think I be in training . also there 's this rumor go around that I be a lesbian . 43 . carter that suck . I mean -- not be a lesbian , but -- alex well , I be not . ( she smashes the ball ) it would be one thing if I be go to go pro and make a ton of money , but I be not at that level . I have play girl who be that level , and I be not . not that I would want to be , really . they life have peak by the time they be like twenty - one . Carter retrieve the ball . carter sometimes I wonder if my life have peak at 26 . if it 's all downhill from here . alex it probably be . carter yeah , probably . int . dan '’s house , live room - night Dan be at the door , pay a pizza delivery guy - dan thanks . keep the change . he close the door with he foot . dan ( call upstairs ) dinner 's ready . jana ( from upstairs ) I ’m on a important call . dan with who ? jana my boyfriend . 44 , dan 7 you what ? Dan put down the pizza , pick up the phone . dan hi , this be Mr. Foreman . who be this , and how old be you ? ( pause ) alright , will , I just want to say that if you ever give my daughter a alcoholic beverage or a joint , I will hunt you down and neuter you . jana dad !!! Dan hang up . dan dinner ‘s ready . int . dan 's house , garage - night Dan come into the rec room . see Carter and Alex rallying . dan there you be . you kid ready to come inside for dinner ? Dan pause , realize he 's just call he boss a '' kid '' , to he face . Alex and Carter look at each other . int . dan' dine room - night a family tableau . everyone talk and eat at the same time . carter mmm. great pizza . where would you get it ? ann it 's from a wonderful little italian restaurant call domino . jana so be you really dad 's boss ? woot 45 . carter ( swallow , glance at Dan ) we be more -- colleague . dan ( take another slice ) that 's not true . he 's the boss man . I be the wing man . jana be you marry ? you be wear a wedding ring . carter yeah . sort of . yes . yes . jana so you be like ... prematurely old . ann Jana , would you pass the pizza ? carter I have get it . Carter reach for the pizza at the same time as Jana , knocking over a soda . it spill onto dan ‘s lap . dan dammit ! carter sorry ! dan that 's okay . never mind . carter let I -- Carter try to wipe dan' lap with he napkin . dan Carter , only my wife be allow to touch I there . now excuse I . I have to change my pants . again . Dan leave the dining room . Carter smile sheepishly . alex ( to Carter ) good job . 46 . carter thanks . int . dan be house - night Carter be leave the house , wave goodbye . Dan and Ann be in the doorway . carter bye , thank you so much , that be a great dinner ! ' terrific pepperoni . ann you be very welcome . dan Goodbye . go home . Dan shut the door . ext . dan ‘s house , suburb - night carter ( to the shut door ) thanks again . Carter turn , go back to he car . behind he , alex be watching he from the window . he glance back over he shoulder , and she duck behind the drape . int . dan 's house - night Alex look a little puzzle with herself . shé look again , as ... ext . dan 's house - night Carter pull out jerkily from the house . int . carter 's house - night Carter stand in he empty live room . he tip a table lamp gently , balance it until it fall off the table . 47 . ext . nyu dorm high - rise - day Alex move into she dorm . Dan unload she stuff out of he station wagon . ext . tribeca apartment build - day a couple of mover help Carter move into he new apartment . int . alex be dorm - day Dan carry a box past a poster of a cannabis leaf on another student 's door . he frown . ext . nyu dorm high - rise - day Alex walk Dan out to he car . the two of they hug . dan here 's some pepper spray . Dan hand she some pepper spray on a chain . alex thanks , that 's sweet . dan oh , and I have install surveillance device throughout the dorm so I can tell if you be do anything bad , alex okay . dan okay . be careful . Dan turn he face away , hide he emotion , and quickly get into he car . ext . bank - day Ann and Dan walk into a bank mortgage loan office . 48 . int . bank - day Dan and Ann be in the bank loan office , fill out form for a second mortgage . loan officer sign here , here , and here , and you have get you second mortgage . Dan look at Ann . she smile at he , a bit ruefully . Dan sign . int . divorce lawyer 's office - day Carter sign papers . Carter be sit in a lawyer 's office , fill out form for he divorce . divorce lawyer sign there , there ... and there . and it 's official ... Carter finishes signing . divorce lawyer you be divorced . int . dan be new office - day Carter be in Dan 's office . carter alright , two thing . first , steckle want to organize a company basketball league . I be captain of the sale team . you be power forward . second , I hear you be take the rum of Jamaica guy to a knick game on Wednesday night . you should have run that by I . dan run it by you ? they nre my client . carter no , they be globecom client . so we be take they to the globecom luxury suite . 49 . dan this be not luxury suite kind of guy . carter Dan , everyone be a luxury suite kind of guy . the suite 's be use on Wednesday -- teddy k 's host Bill Clinton , jay -Z and kofi annan -- so we will take they to a concert on Thursday . dan a concert ? carter the thing be , we need to get they to up they buy for this year by eighteen page . we have to start kick some ass here , or I have to let some people go . dan why do you say '' let they go ? '' they do not want to go . why do not you just say '' fire they ? '' carter because it sound better . dan not to the person get fire it do not . Carter look at Dan . ext . madison square garden - night the light on the marquee read tonight : legally dedd . int . luxury suite - night a well - stock corporate luxury suite , high above the concert floor . Dan , Carter , morty , louie , and a couple of other sale people shmooze they guest from rum of Jamaica as hardcore hip - hop plays beneath they . a waitress in hip - hop gear serve drink . corwin , mid-fifty , black , from Philadelphia , not Jamaica , be the head ad buyer for rum of Jamaica . 50 . carter apparently , he be shot twelve time , and pronounce '' legally dead '' , hence the name . corwin someone should tell he it 's spell d-e-a-d . dan they be afraid to . carter he have a number one song out right now . he 's a protege of fifty cent . dan why do not they call he '' nickel ? '' carter what ? corwin ( laugh ) in twenty year , you joke have not improve . carter anyone want another rum and coke ? corwin ? corwin nope , I be okay . but I be glad it 's all jamaican rum . carter oh , this be petey from k - jam sneaker . petey I be excited to talk to you about the possibility of a cross — promotion where if you buy a certain amount of jamaican rum , you get a discount on run shoe . corwin un-hunh ... sound like a great fit . get a lot of drunk people run around . hey , Dan , you want to go get some air ? . 51 . dan sure . i’1l be back in a bit , Carter . carter no problem . but do not be too long , we get chimichanga on the way ! ext . madison square garden seat - night Dan and corwin walk on the street outside msg . dan sorry about this concert . they would not let I just get normal seat for the knick game . corwin that 's okay . Dan , I have be instruct not to advertise in Sports America any more . dan ( shocked ) what ? corwin we be buy out last year by a company call Continental brand . apparently , the company that buy we and the company that buy you guy be have a feud over wireless communication in Europe . dan wireless communication ? what the hell do that have to do with we business ? corwin nothing . but we have this corporate policy now . I just find out about it , or I would not have yank you chain by come here tonight . ( sigh ) I be sorry , dan. 52 . int . bar near msg - night Dan and Carter sit in a bar . Carter drink beer . Dan drink scotch on the rock . the drink . dan we will get that ad page back . we will just have to work a little harder to fill ‘em . carter you do not get it . steckle give I a bottom line . we have to increase page this quarter . carter ..- Dan , I have to ... I have to fire louie and morty . dan no you do not . carter yeah , I do . we have get alicia , Pete , and Harry on the Ford account . so morty be a logical choice . and the new woman at pepsi think louie 's a sexist , guess why ? he call she sugartit . dan that idiot . look , you can not fire that guy . this be my guy . they nve be with I for eight year -- I hire they at the same time . carter I know . that 's why they have big , bloat salaries , that be not commensurate with what they bring in . I be sorry . dan ( pause ) I have be here twenty - three year . my salary 's higher than theirs . why do not you just fire I ? 53 . carter ( angry ) you want I to fire you Dan ? because I could . ( heat ) you have a family that love you . you have a new kid on the way . I look at you sometimes , and it 's like ... ( pause ) you have people who need you . you really want to put they in jeopardy for morty and louie ? Dan look at he . int . dan' house , suburb - night Dan come up the stair , the alcohol apparent in he plodd walk . Dan look in at Jana 's room . his young daughter sleep peacefully . int . dan 's bedroom - night late at night . Dan sit on he bed . Ann reach up and touch he on the shoulder . then he get in beside Ann . she pull he closer . he put he hand on she belly . Ann close she eye . Dan 's eye stay open . int . carter 's ( dan 's old ) office - morning Carter be sleep on he couch . Dan come into the office . dan what be you , live here now ? carter what ? what time be it ? dan Seven am . look , I have be think all night . ( more ) 54 . dan ( cont would ) and ... if it have to be do ... I should be the one to do it . int . dan 's new office - day morty and louie sit on Dan 's couch as Dan close the blind . dan guy , I feel ... really terrible about what I be about to say , but ... I be afraid you nre both be ... let go . louie be let go ? what do that mean ? dan it mean ... you be fire . believe I , if I have any choice in the matter ... I just think you should hear it from I , because I be the one who hire you . louie wait a minute , be you get fire too ? dan ...- no. this ... this be not my decision . louie oh , so ... it 's not you decision so you be not to blame . dan I do not say that . louie I can not believe this . you be -- you be like a brother to I . I would have step in front of a bus for you , you piece of shit . you know , you have become a real corporate asshole . dan louie -- louie I tell you what , if you see my friend Dan , tell he I be look for he . 55 . dan louie ! louie leave . Dan look shocked , morty Dan ... what the hell be I go to tell my wife ? I mean ... she already wear the pants . now she 's gonna wear the tie and jacket too . dan morty ... I '' sorry . morty start to cry . morty I know this must have be hard for you . you be a good boss , Dan . I mean it . you always treat everyone with respect . and ... well I appreciate it . they shake hand . Dan avoid he eye . morty leave , Dan stand at the interior window . tries to open the blind . can not bring himself to . int . carter nos ( dan 's old ) office - day Carter be sit on a exercise bike , peddle . Dan come in , hand Carter something . carter what 's this ? dan my 360 self -evaluation . carter ++- you have rate yourself " do not meet expectation . '' dan yeah . Dan turn and leave . int . sport america office - day morty leave the office , carry a bedraggle houseplant . 56 . colleague shake he hand , hug he goodbye . ext , soho STREET - day Carter walk down the street in soho , check out store . he see Alex sit at a cafe alone . ext . soho cafe - day Carter come over to Alex . carter hey ! what be you do here ? alex oh , hey ! nothing , just read . I be go to nyu now . carter awesome , you do it . alex how about you ? carter I rent a apartment . in tribeca . alek that ' 's awesome . ( pause ) do you drink coffee ? carter no , usually I just hook up to a iv. ext . cafe table — day ( later ) ( wo empty espresso cup sit next to the full one Carter be nursing . Carter be sit with Alex at the cafe table , he leg bounce nervously . alex you sure can pound back the caffeine . be that why you leg be shaking like that ? carter I think it be . alex you wedding ring 's go . carter uh , yeah . I be officially the first guy from my high - school class to get a divorce . alex oh. sorry . carter that 's okay . if I look at it honestly , it 's be come since ... pretty much we second date . so umm ..- how 's school ? alex pretty good ! ( pause , less upbeat ) pretty good . I mean , it 's sort of hard to get to know people , come in as a transfer . everybody have already join they clique and they be not sure if they can admit one more . my creative write class be cool , though . carter Creative write , hunh ? alex yeah , I guess I have always be interested in storey . escape into someone else 's life . because mine seem pretty boring . I be curse with a functional family . of course write be not exactly practical , so I be think of get a double major in business . carter oh , man , do not do that . stick with write . alex you know , sometimes you seem sort of bum out with you career or something , which be weird because you nre so successful . 57 . 58 . carter no , I '' not bum out . it 's pretty much what I have in life , you know , my career . that and a dent porsche . alex well you family must be really proud of you . carter ( shrug ) my mom be , maybe , I do not know . she be sort of a hippy , so she 's not so into the corporate stuff . and my dad leave home when I be four , so ... I do not know the guy . his parent have money , but he be this '' artist '' , in quote , he be kind of a druggy , he be in this cult for a while -- hey , let 's get out of here , you want to maybe ... go for a walk or something ? now that you know my entire life story ? alex sure , but there 's not much leave to talk about . she smile at he . he smile , enjoy be kidd . carter .-- right . ext . soho STREET -— day Alex and Carter walk down the street , talk nonstop . ext . STREET , chinatown - day Alex and Carter walk down the street in Chinatown , past a fish market . they try to avoid the fish gut on the pavement . Carter be make Alex laugh . ext . STREET , little italy - night Alex and Carter come out of a italian restaurant in Little Italy . Alex kiss he , stop he in he track . 59 . carter right . Carter look a little stunne . alex umm , you want to see my dorm room , maybe ? Carter laugh nervously . alex look , do not get the wrong idea , it 's not like I uh ... have guy up to my dorm room often . or ever , actually ... Carter take a breath . carter «.+. okay . alex okay . int . dorm hall - night Alex lead Carter down the hall towards she room . Music blare out from various room as they go past . carter i_am have a major college flashback . alex come on , old man . ( open a door ) my roommate 's out tonight . carter oh . I be ... really look forward to meeting she . alex yeah , she 's ... only mildly chemically imbalance , 60 . int . alex' dorm room ~ night a college dorm room , half of which be Alex 's , half of which be decorate primarily in black . alex ta-daa ! carter wow . this be awesome . alex yeah , it 's okay . Alex take off she scarf by a '' globecom '' banner which have be graffity to read ' globecom suck . '' alex umm ...so ..- carter so...yeah ... I hear this ... this rumor that alcohol impair you judgement -- she start unbuttoning carter' shirt . carter hold on -- wait -~ alex ( stop ) yes ? carter umm ... I wish you be not so beautiful . alex I be not . carter actually , you be . alex thank you . attempt to set the mood , Alex light some incense -- put on some music -- turn on a lamp , drape a tie -dy shirt over it -- mellow light fill the room . él . carter ( gently ) well I ... I think everything 's perfect now ... alex then why be you still talk ? they kiss . Alex start to laugh . carter what ? alex I be just think how my dad say he put surveillance device all over the building . carter uh , yeah ... that 's very funny ... he glance up at the ceiling as she pull he onto the bed . cur to : int . sport america office - day Dan watching something . wide out -- he be drink coffee , watch as around he there be pandemonium . move man be all over , pack up people 's office . dan ( to move man ) where to now ? moving man # 1 you nre all go to the 29th floor . dan I hear there 's great air - conditioning on that floor . int . hall by dan 's office - day Carter come down the hall , see Dan , and halt for a second in fear ( he have just sleep with Dan 's daughter ) , then wave to he , overcompensate . carter ( almost shout ) hi , Dan ! how be you commute ? ( more ) 62 . carter ( cont would ) Boy , can you believe they be move we office again ? hey , we first hoop league game be gonna be against the 51st floor , corporate vp 's -- which be now apparently gonna be this floor ! dan what 's wrong with you ? carter what ? me? nothing . why ? dan you be act jumpy . you switch from mocha to crack ? carter you be really , really , paranoid , you know that ?! crack . ha-ha ! Carter turn a corner , flatten himself against the wall , and exhales . music rise . ext . nyu dorm high - rise - night Carter pick Alex up for a date in he porsche . the porsche have finally be fix . Alex step out of the dorm to meet he in a long , sexy dress . Carter look smitten . int . tennis bubble - day Carter and Alex play tennis . Alex be drink a soda while hit with Carter . carter you know , that 's completely demoralize . Alex laugh . alex sorry . 63. int . alex be room - day Ann and Dan be construct a crib in Alex 's room . Dan be get frustrated , try to jam a spindle into a socket . ann De not force it . do not force it . Dan force it , and the bottom of the crib fall with a crash . dan ( look at she ) do not say it . int . dan 's house , kitchen - night Ann write check for various bill , while in the background , Dan leave a message for Alex . dan hi there , Alex , have not talk to you in a few day , give we a call . ( hang up , press redial ) ... okay , guess you have you cellphone off . give we a call . ( to Ann ) should I try again ? ann yeah , maybe the first twenty time be a fluke . int . expensive restaurant - day Carter slap down a credit card for a fancy lunch with Alex . int . target - day Dan put down he credit card , buy a cart full of bulk item at target with Ann . int . carter 's 2 nd new office - day Carter close he blind . Carter fire a member of the sale team . 64 . salesman ( stunne ) '' +ei be fire ? carter I be sorry . then another . saleswoman but I have work here for five year ? Carter reach over and grab some tissue , and hand they to ... sammy , he eager assistant . sammy , who have be fire as well , be cry . he blow he nose and shake Carter 's hand . sammy it 's be a honor . Carter pat sammy on the back . int . sport america hallway - day chair and desk pile up in the hall , as move man break down the empty office space cause by layoff . int . carter' office - day Carter run in place by he desk . int . hallway 29 th floor - day alicia pause , see Carter run in place through he window . int . carter 's 2 nd new office - day Carter lock over , realize he 's be watch . ext . waterman publishing ( now globecom ) build - day snow fall outside the building . 65 . ext . central park — day snow blanket the city . int . gymnasium - night ball bouncing . night . a indoor basketball court . first game of the company league . the Sports America ad sale team be in gray jersey with sale rat on they . the corporate vp team , which include steckle , be in slick globecom trotter jersey . Dan be slide a bulky knee brace over he leg . carter jeez , you gonna be okay ? dan I will be fine . what 's that guy do here ? he 's one of the move man . Dan nod to a 6 ' 6 '' guy who 's on steckle 's team . the move man dunk . carter I guess steckle recruit he for the corporate vp team . dan well that 's fair . ( lock up at basket ) wonder if I can still dunk . carter you could dunk ? dan yeah . can not you ? you be only 26 . steckle ( 0.s. ) head up ! Carter flinch as steckle pretend to whip a ball at he . Carter chuckle . steckle ( to Carter ) Word on the street be that teddy k 's on the prowl . ( more ) 66 . steckle ( cont would ) soon as he get back from he ' round the world balloon trip he 's gonna go munch on Continental brand . dan great . maybe they will advertise in we magazine again . Carter flinch as steckle focus on Dan like a shark . steckle I be sorry , who be you ? carter Mark , this be Dan Foreman . Dan just close the toy R we deal . dan Carter 's be modest , he do most of the work . steckle that 's beautiful , maybe you two should get a room . Dan 's face get red . steckle you pussy ready to be school ? Carter try to laugh it off as steckle dribble away . Dan look piss . the game start . steckle and Dan match up . the 6’6 '' move man be a ringer . but so 's Dan . the move man dominate inside , while Dan knock down outside shot . steckle get more and more piss , as Dan take he to school . the big man start to double - team Dan . Dan bang down underneath the basket , grabbing a rebound , and be rejected by the big move man . the vp team cheer . steckle ( in Dan 's face ) yeeaaah ! not in my house ! a look of annoyance at steckle cross Carter 's face . 67 . at the other end , steckle pass to the big man . Dan go to double team he , and he pass back to steckle who hit a easy layup . steckle sweetness ! you can not guard I ! Dan swallow he anger . next trip upcourt , Dan get double team . he make a neat pass to Carter , who make a open layup . carter yes ! Carter and Dan share a moment , point at each other across the court . dan ( to theo ) I will take big man . next trip down the court , Dan guard the big guy . he be up in he jockstrap , keep within a foot of he at all time . 6 '6 '' moving man hey , ease up old man , do not have a heart attack . dan what 's the matter , big man , can not take a little D ? Dan knock a pass away from he . at the other end , Dan get the ball back on a pass , start to shoot when steckle block / foul he . steckle re-jec -tion ! Dan glare at steckle . the vp team run upcourt . steckle streak down the court , go up for a easy layup , when Dan run up from out of nowhere , blocking the shot . dan not in my house . Dan sprint down to the other end , catch a pass and go for the dunk . Dan 's team cheer . 68. carter dunk it ! dan skie ... almost making it ... but the ball catch the rim instead , cause Dan to lose he balance . Dan come down awkwardly , slamming into the court . Dan hop up quickly , he shoulder grotesquely out of joint . carter oh , shit . everyone look a little disgust . steckle stifles a laugh . ext . dan 's 2 nd office window - day we see Dan 's smaller new office from outside the building . Dan be make a phone call . he come up to the window , he arm in a sling . on the other end of the line be Alex 's answer machine . alex ( 0.8 . ) hi , you have reach Alex 's cell . please leave a message . Dan hang up the phone . we dolly over to see carter stand at the window in he adjoin office . Carter be stare at the city , muse . Carter turn and sit down at he desk . int . carter 's 2 nd new office - day Carter 's screen saver be the globecom logo . he hit a button , and a picture of alex fill the screen . Carter sit look at the photo , a intimate closeup . dan ( 0.8 . ) so what 's she name ? Carter hit a button and get rid of the picture of Alex . Dan be at the door — he have not see it . 69 . carter ( freak ) what ? who ? dan the fish . carter oh . it 's uh ... it 's a he , and he name 's buddy . dan do not he want a friend ? carter he have a friend , but ... he eat he . how 's you shoulder ? dan keeps pop out . you mind ? ( Carter nod ) tell I something , when you be eighteen , do you ever return you parent 's phone call ? carter uh , well , they never call , but I guess I would have . dan my older daughter will not call I back . I feel like go to nyu and kidnap she , so I can stop worry about she . carter well , that , that sound like a not great idea . anyway , Alex seem -- from the very brief time I meet she - - to be pretty savvy . ( in a reverie ) I would not worry about she too much . she 's a terrific , smart woman . girl . Young lady . whatever . my point be , she can handle herself . ( pause ) you seem to have a really great marriage ... how do you do it ? dan you just pick the right one to be in the foxhole with . and then ... ( more ) 70 . dan ( cont would ) when you ‘’re outside of the foxhole , you keep you dick in you pants . carter wow , that ''s ...poetic . Dan nod . Carter smile . int . dan 's house , live room - day a football -shaped cake with happy fifty -~ second birthday write on it be place on the table by Ann . Ann 's pregnancy be very visible now . a surprise party be in the work . the live room be full . we see people from work -- alicia , theo , etc. among the crowd . Carter come in . carter hey , theo , how 's it -- theo mumble hello as he blow past Carter . Carter find himself stand by a preteen kid hold a wrap basketball . carter ( with present ) hey , where do I put this ? the kid point to a gift table . Carter stand around a moment , try to bond . carter this party 's a rager , hunh ? the kid nod unenthusiastically . carter okay . Carter head over to the gift table . ext . dan 's house , suburb - day Dan 's volvo station wagon drive towards the house . 71 . int . dan 's station wagon - day Dan drive towards the house with Jana . jana be you still glad you decide not to have a birthday party ? dan yup . I be not in the mood this year . jana well , Mom say you could use a little fun . she say you should lighten up for the sake of you health . dan she do , do she ? look towards he house , Dan see a little movement behind one of the drape . int . dan 's house , live room —- day Alex pull away from peek out the window . alex they be here ! everybody hide ! ext . dan 's house - day Dan and Jana get out of the car . Dan pause , look towards the house . dan you go ahead , I just want to put a envelope in the mailbox . Dan watch Jana go ahead into the house . then he take off he coat . int . live room - day Jana come in , excited . 72 . jana quiet -- he 's come in ina minute ! everyone hide ! everyone hide . ext . dan 's house ~ day Dan be now taking off he shirt . he kick off he shob . int . dan 's house , live room - day we hear the front door OPEN . everyone leap up and yell : everyone surprise ! 1! we see everyone 's face register SHOCK . Ann drop the 's camera she be hold . reverse from they Pov Dan be stand at the door in he underpant , smiling . dan wow ! what a surprise ! Dan moons the partygoer . everypne shriek . jana ( horrify ) daaad !!! int . dan 's house , kitchen - day later . Dan , fully clothed now , drink punch , chat with some friend , when morty come over . dan morty ! good to see you ! thanks for come . how be you ? morty not so good . not so good . I mean , psychologically . dan oh. I be sorry . 73. morty that 's okay . anyway , my wife get a promotion . I be hope she 'il raise my allowance . ( pat Dan on shoulder ) but this be good punch . morty walk off . int . carter '’s porsche , driveway - day Carter and Alex sit in Carter 's porsche . alex I better get back inside , they be go to notice I be miss . carter yeah , I just want to give you a gift . Carter hand she a box . alex it 's not my birthday . she open it . it 's a pendant with small diamond in it . alex Holy shit , be this real diamond ? carter no , they be cubic zyrkonium . yeah , they be real . alex this be too much , I can not take they . carter no , I be sorry -- alex I feel funny , I -~ carter no , do not feel -- alex it 's sweet . very sweet . 74 . carter oh. good , thanks . they kiss . then they both quickly look over at the house where the party be go on . carter Alex , I have really be think , and ... you be the kind of person who 's good to be in a foxhole with . alex but we nre not in a foxhole . we be in a porsche . int . live room -— day the party be in swing . Dan be unwrap present -- mostly shoulder brace , box of Ben Gay , etc , as people cheer . Dan look out the window . ext . dan 's house , suburb - day Carter and Alex walk back to the party , hold hand for a moment . int . live room - day Dan see Carter and Alex hold hand . then they break apart as they approach the house . Dan look like he 's have the wind knock out of he . do he just see what he think he see ? int . new sport america office , elevator - day the elevator door open , Carter step in , and Dan stop the elevator . dan hey , I think maybe we could have lunch today . go over some stuff . carter I would love to , but I already have a lunch . dan oh yeah ? with who ? 75 . carter ( beat ) with wally hebert from proctor and gamble . dan De not you want you wing man along ? carter uh , not today . the elevator close , leave Dan there . the other elevator open , some people step out . a beat . Dan step in . ext . madison ave - day Carter hail a cab . from the building lobby , Dan be watching he . Dan hail a cab too . ext . downtown STREET - day Carter go inside a trendy restaurant . int . downtown restaurant - day Carter join Alex at a table . carter sorry I '' late . it 's really be a hell of a day . alex that 's okay . but I have a three o'clock class . ext . downtown STREET - day Dan be on the street outside the restaurant . try toe stay hide , Dan look through the restaurant window . he freeze as he see carter and alex sit inside . int . chelsea restaurant - day Carter and Alex 's waiter come over . 76 . carter hey , you be wear the necklace ! alex yeah . ( make a face ) I feel like a imposter . I mean , it 's great , but -- carter a imposter ? you look beautiful , do not she look beautiful ? waiter she do -- now we have three special today . avocado soup with awapuhi oil . calamari fritti with awapuhi . we have bluefin tuna with jalapeno , drizzle with awapuhi . we also have poach Maine lobster - carter May I get a side of awapuhi oil with that , please ? Alex laugh . int . front of restaurant - day Dan walk by the maitre do . maitre d' ( smile ) welcome , may I help you ? Dan walk right past . at the table , the waiter be still read the special . carter ( lock up ) Holy shit . alex ( freak ) dad ?! Dan stand there , glower . waiter hi , be there go to be a third ? 77 . dan I have just one question . be you sleep with he ? waiter I be gonna go get you folk some bread . the waiter retreat . carter Dan , this be not what it look like . dan oh , really ? what do it look like ? tell I . what do you think it look like ? carter well ... it probably look like some kind of ... tawdry , sleazy affair , kind of thing , but -- dan Alex , I ask you a question . be you sleep with he ? alex what do you want I to say , dad ? Alex look down at she plate . dan ( to Carter ) get up . carter what ? dan get up . a beat . Carter get up . Dan punch he in the eye , send Carter flying backward over he chair . people in the restaurant gasp . Dan wince , hold he hurt shoulder . alex dad ! stop ! it 's not he fault ! 78 . the maitre do come over . maitre d' Sir , I do not think you ahould -- dan ( wheel on he ) you have better back off before I drop kick you across this restaurant . the maitre d' veer away . Carter be on the floor . carter oww -- Jesus . dan ( to Carter ) you be a piece of shit . carter Dan , I love she . dan you what ? carter I love she . ( to Alex ) I love you . Alex hide she face . dan you love she ? she 's my daughter ! carter I know ... dan she 's in college . she 's a college student . I take out a frigging second mortgage so she could go there ! Three year ago I be pay orthodonture bill for she ! Alex start to cry . carter I be sorry . i i i k E 79 . dan ( to Alex ) this guy ? you have to sleep with he ? : Dan turn and walk out of the restaurant . Alex get up . ext . restaurant - day Dan leave the restaurant , follow by Alex . alex dad ! dad ! wait ! I be sorry , it 's not -- this have nothing to do with you ! dan he 's my boss , Alex ! alex that 's not ... I be not think of that . it just happen . dan we make a deal , remember ? we make a deal to always be honest with each other . alex dad , I be five year old when we make that deal . dan yeah . I like you better then . alex that 's a awful -- a awful thing to say -~ wait , do not walk away from I , let 's talk -- let 's talk about this -- dan why ? you clearly do not need my advice about anything . Dan walk off , leave Alex cry . music rise . 80 . ext . central park - day Dan sit down on a bench . take off he tie . he look shattered . ext . downtown STREET — day Carter walk towards nyu , he eye blossoming purple . int . alex be dorm room - day Carter come in . Alex and she roommate be there . alex 's roommate hey , Carter , wow , that 's some shiner . alex could we have some privacy , Maya ? alex 's roommate sure . absolutely . the roommate leave . alex have a seat . you want some ice for that ? carter yes , please . Alex go to a mini-fridge . alex umm , we do not have any ice leave . but here , this soda 's cold . she hand Carter a cold soda , which he put on he eye . carter so , umm ... sorry about my timing there , with uh ... the L word . it just sort of slip out . but I have be think about it a lot , and that 's how I feel . alex umm -- that 's really sweet . 81 . carter I mean it . alex I know you probably think you do . but I have be think too , and I be -- I be do a double major . carter ( nodd ) yeah ... alex and I be take anthropology class on top of that . I have get a lot go on . carter yeah ... absolutely ... alex I be not really ready for a big commitment . Carter try to play it off like something positive . carter yes. absolutely . that 's what I be talk about . look , when I say I love you I do not mean that I want to ... interfere with you class , I mean ... I be not talk about marriage or anything . yet . alex Carter , I have have a great time , and I think you be a really great guy , but ... you be on the rebound . carter I '' not . alex it be not all that long ago that you wife leave you . carter that be the best thing that ever happen to I . 82 . alex well ... good . but then it 's a good thing whether you be with I or not . and I ... I think we should stop see each other . Carter assume the same cajole expression he have when Kim leave he . carter Alex . aleeex ... Alex look Carter in the eye . she look open , vulnerable . the look freeze Carter . he drop the sell job he have be try to do . carter I just want to tell you ... ( beat ) I have enjoy talk to you more than pretty much anyone in my entire life . alex ( swallow ) thank you ... I too . Carter nod . turn and leave Alex 's dorm room . the sound of the door open transition we to ... int . dan 's house , live room - night Dan come into the live room , look exhaust . Jana come down from the top of the stair . jana dad ?! where have you be ? you cell phone be off . dan why ? what be it ? ( beat ) where 's mom ? ext . suburban hospital - night Dan and Jana park Dan 's volvo . 83. Dan run out , ahead of Jana , slamming the car door behind he . int . ann' hospital room - night Dan come in , find Ann lie peacefully in a hospital bed . ann there you be . dan you okay ? ann I be fine . the baby 's fine . I hada little scare . there be some bleed . dan what be it ? ann a uterine tear . it sound bad , but it 's okay . I just need some rest . Dan control himself . dan sorry . I be just glad you be okay . he wipe he eye . dan I just ... I do not know what the hell I would do if anything ever happen to you . I think I would pack it in . ann well , I be afraid you be gonna be stick with I for a while . she kiss he hand . for the first time that day , Dan become calm . int . ann' hospital room - later late at night . Dan sit by Ann 's bed as she sleep . the door open , and Alex come in . 84 . she look at she mom . alex be she okay ? dan ( whisper ) yeah . sleep . he put he finger over he lip . get up . int . hospital corridor - night Dan and Alex sit in a small wait area . Dan have a paper cup of coffee . alex I break up with Carter . dan why ? because of I ? alex no. because of I . anyway , I be sorry . dan for what ? alex lying to you . hiding stuff from you , Dan pick at the lid of the coffee cup . alex I should tell you , Carter do not seduce I . if anything , it be the other way around . dan please , I do not need the detail -- ( beat ) unless , I mean , you want to tell I . alex uh , no . not particularly . dan good. 85 . alex you probably think I be disgusting . dan disgusting ? why on earth would I think that ? alex «- I do not know you take out a second mortgage . I do not have to go to nyu . suny 's fine . dan no -- alex its fine . dan ( firm ) no. you be stay at nyu ... Dan gather himself . dan look , Alex , you be a... a smart woman . you can handle yourself . and what I be say be ... I '' go to try , okay ? to ...be whatever kind of father I should now be for you . I be not say I can pull it off , but ... i’'m gonna try and ... adjust . alex ( touch ) dad ... you do not have to change . dan yeah ... I do . Dan pat she on the shoulder . ext . madison avenue - day High angle shot on the city . taxis , bus , people go by from skyscraper perspective . 86 . int . assistant 's desk - day Three computer screen pop to " teddy K. be coming '' , one after the other . a saleswoman react with surprise as teddy k 's jovial face pop onto she screen . int . conference room - day move man lift out the table . they set up the room . plug stuff in . set up a podium . steckle appear . greet some of teddy k 's staff . more and more people fill the space . int . huge conference room - day about a hundre -fifty people be jammed into the room , include theo , alicia and the remain sale staff . teddy k emerge from the elevator bank , with he beautiful , somewhat robotic assistant at he side . it 's hard to tell how old he be . he could be a mature - look 40 , or a young - look 60 . the crowd part before he , stare , amaze , at the great man . teddy be naturally charming , work the room . teddy K. hil how be ya ! good to see ya ! ( to secretary ) Nice brooch ! ( joke to assistant ) we must be pay she too much money ! teddy move into the conference room , shaking people 's hand , giving high -five . teddy K. ( greeting people ) hi , hi , how be you , hi . teddy 's assistant whisper in he ear as he approach steckle . 87 . teddy k‘s assistant ( in teddy 's ear ) Mark steckle . teddy K. ( smile at steckle ) Mark steckle ! how be ya ?! steckle beam . steckle hi , teddy ! teddy K. how ya doin ? steckle very psyched ! steckle lead he through the crowd , stop by Carter . steckle oh , this be Carter duryea . teddy K. oh , yes , cell phone . carter thanks ! I be with Sports America now . teddy K. that 's the flagship . ( pause ) what happen to you eye ? steckle yeah , what do happen ? all eye be on Carter . carter oh , I ... fall asleep at my computer . ( mime it ) bang . right on the monitor . teddy K. well ... that thing can be dangerous ! teddy laugh , which be the cue for everyone else to laugh ! 88 . teddy kk . well keep up the good work ! keep in touch ! teddy K. give Carter the thumb up sign , and move on . steckle ( whisper to Carter ) I would not be surprised if he announce another takeover today . teddy stand at a podium . he look out at the crowd , as everyone settles in they seat . teddy K. synergy . the room light go down . teddy be bath in the blue glow from a rear~ project globecom logo behind he . Carter look over to see Dan , who come out of the elevator . he be in yesterday 's clothes , have spend the night at the hospital . teddy K. what exactly do it mean ? why do a business swim with it , and sink without it , in this new ocean of megabyte , stream video , and satellite ? Dan make he way into the crowd . teddy K. there be vast difference between we . on a person to person level , on a national level , on a global level . every day , the world become more complex . the crowd gaze at teddy , mesmerize . teddy K. and to survive in a complex world , we need complex bond to interface with it . the audience hang on he word . Dan watch he with narrow eye . teddy K. what we be . building here . be it a company , or be it a economy ? ( more ) teddy K. ( cont would ) be it a new country , with no_ national boundary , a new democracy of the consumer ? a new democracy with a new electorate . twenty - four hour music video in kuala lumpur . Computers with part manufacture in Japan , Greenland , Idaho and India . a soft - drink ad go out simultaneously to seven continent ? the dalai llama eat krispity krunch while upload prayer onto the net ? ( pause ) in this room . in this room , I see this . teddy K. hold up he hand , finger extended . teddy K. what we be try to get to be this . 89 . wiggles they . teddy k , interlace he finger , mimick the globecom corporate logo . teddy K. ( smile ) this be unbreakable . this be inevitable . woman ' 's World magazine . why not a woman 's World channel ? across the world . Computers . why not a weekly computer section in Sports America magazine ? someone in the audience laugh . it 's Dan . all head turn towards he . he look a little surprised at himself . dan uh , excuse I . Excuse I . teddy K. ( puzzle ) yes ? there be murmure in crowd . 90 . dan I '' sorry . my uh ... my name 's Dan Foreman . I ... I work for Sports America ... and ... I be not sure I understand what you be talk about . Carter look at Dan , shocked . Dan proceed , tentatively . dan what I mean be , what do computer have to do with sport ? be you literally say there should be a section in the magazine about computer ? who 's go to want to read that ? steckle shoot Dan a look of deep hatred . dan and I be not sure I understand how the way the world be change be actually go to change how we do business . I mean , we still be sell a product which someone hopefully need , right ? we be still just human being , with other human being as customer . Dan pick up steam . dan and I can not see how this company be like its own country . I mean , just because we sell all different kind of thing , that do not mean we should operate by we own law , do it ? besides which , country , at least democratic one , have some obligation to they citizen , do not they ? so how doe layoff and bottom - line think fit into that ? there be a long pause . teddy K. .».- Dan Foreman . teddy nod gravely . gl . teddy K. +.. Sports America ... you ask some excellent question . ( nod ) some excellent , excellent question . ( mull it over ) I be glad you ask they . ( pause ) and I '' leave it to you ... ( gaze at the crowd sternly ) «+.to all of you , to answer they . and now , unfortunately ... ( to he assistant ) absolutely . teddy K. leave the room , follow by he assistant . there be a pause . everyone be silent . then steckle start applauding teddy kk . steckle yeah ! teddy k! everyone else in the room join he in applaud . steckle teddy kit ! Dan walk out through the back of the crowd , who be all face away from he , towards the depart teddy k . int . dan ‘s office - day Dan sit behind he desk . Carter come in . carter oh my God . oh my God , dan. steckle come in . steckle good , you be both in here . ( point at Carter ) you I '11 deal with in a second . ( to Dan ) you . have you lose you frigging mind ? 92 . dan well , he ...he say they be excellent question . carter Dan -~ steckle okay , you think this be funny . you think it 's funny to disrespect a great man . do you know who you be talk to just now ? teddy k! teddy k , godammit ! ( pause ) look , we nve be carry you fat , bloat salary for way too long . I want you out of this building within the next ten minute . now I be gonna go to my office and smoke a nice cuban cigar , and try to forget you ever exist . ( to Carter ) in my office . now . steckle turn to go . carter Mark ... do not fire he . steckle Excuse I ? carter he bust he ass , Mark ... and ... steckle ( aggressive ) and ? carter nothing . Dan look down , embarrassed and defeat . | carter just ... if you fire he ... ( pause ) you have to fire I too . Dan look at Carter , surprised . 93. steckle --- I be sorry . let I get something straight . you be throw yourself in with he ? with this useless , over the hill loser ? think here , think what you be do , because if you be not careful , you be gonna end up like he . carter I guess ... I guess ... that would be okay . steckle ( beat ) alright . then you be fire too , you little shit . carter »+. that 's too bad , because ... you be go to lose a huge client Dan and I be work on . it be go to save the year for we . without it , Magazine 's pretty deep in the red . steckle oh yeah ? what client be that ? pause . Carter glance at Dan . Dan look at steckle . dan +.. you think we be go to tell you ? steckle stare at Dan . steckle ... you be bluff . dan I do not bluff ... I be not that good a salesman . steckle ( beat ) okay , well I do not give a crap . carter I think teddy K. will . see , I be gonna call he , and tell he you drive he most profitable magazine , he flagship , into the ground . and he 'il listen to I . ( more ) 94 . carter ( cont would ) ( beat ) he like what I do with cell phone . steckle look from Carter to Dan . it 's a standoff . steckle you have 24 hour . or you be both go . steckle leave . carter ( beat ) any idea ? Dan think ... dan «-- one . ext . parking lot , kalb automotive ~ day Los Angeles . Dan and Carter get out of they rental car . Carter look nervous . Dan smile at he reassuringly . ext . bridge , corporate campus - day Dan and Carter walk towards the kalb Automotive building . dan you get all you research ? { Carter nod ) alright . follow my lead . he pat Carter on the arm . int . large office - day Dan hand a copy of sport america to Morton kalb . dan think I have bring you this in person again . kalb thanks . how be you daughter ? 95 . dan they nre great , thanks . and you grandkid ? kalb they be fine . my son- in - law have my oldest , ralphie , enrol ina computer camp , whatever that be . Carter approach , laugh a little too loud . kalb look at he as if notice he for the first time . dan I would like to introduce my boss , Carter duryea . kalb you boss ? he look more like you nephew . carter well I have ... be learn a lot from Dan . kalb what happen to you eye ? dan that 's one of the thing he 's learn from I . a uncomfortable pause . Carter try to laugh this off . kalb be you say you punch he in the eye ? why ? carter we do not really have to get into this . kalb please , I be ... rather curious . dan ( to Carter ) why do I hit you ? Carter give Dan a look . what the hell be Dan think ? dan ( pause , then shrug ) +.- he call I a dinosaur . ( more ) dan ( cont would ) Said I be out of date , and I would better step in line . Dan look at Carter . Carter 's eye widen a touch . kalb look surprised . kalb so you slugge he ? dan it be a fair fight . {to Carter ) right ? Carter pick up the ball . carter right . ( take out a folder ) Mr. kalb , you have a truly impressive business . I have be look inte all the detail , new franchise opening , market awareness , customer demographics -- kalb I be sorry , you get into a fistfight because he call you a dinosaur ? dan I do not know what happen . I just snap . there 's only so much a man can put up with . kalb hunh . and ... if you be he boss , why do not you fire he ? carter ( pause ) he 's my best salesman . now I have be look at a cross-promotion we could do with krispity - krunch -- dan ( cut he off ) Carter , that 's okay . Mr. kalb , I do not want to go into fact and figure right now . you know they all anyway . let I just ask you , what 's you hesitation about advertising in the magazine ? 97 . kalb watch the two of they . kalb ..- my hesitation be that we advertising budget be already overextend . my son- in - law spend a lot of money on cable and on - line , and , frankly , we be not get the bang for the buck that we hope for . he want to plow more money into it , but ... dan ++ but ? kalb look from Carter to Dan . kalb but he be such a asshole . kalb 's anger spill out . kalb I build this business , and I know more about run it than he ever '' ~ will . and I know that when I make a mistake , it do not pay to retrench . I be go to restructure we whole advertising plan . start with a major buy in you magazine . dan that 's great news , Mr. kalb ! thank you , carter thank you so much ! : Dan and kalb shake hand . kalb ( to Carter ) i oh , and ... I do not give a shit about 5 krispity krunch . let 's just stick to the magazine . kalb walk Dan towards the door . kalb om ( to Dan ) so you really slugge he ? i i 98 . dan yup. ( snap he finger ) Carter . Carter follow he out . ext . bridge , corporate campus -— day Dan and Carter arrive at the office . carter that be awesome ! you be amazing ! I mean , that be actually ... fun ! dan ( laugh ) what kalb really need be to see a old fart who beat the crap out of a kid half he age . and you know what the best thing be ? it 's the right thing for he to do . it 's gonna improve he business . carter ( stop ) +-. you actually ... you actually believe in this stuff , do not you ? dan ( stop ) course I do . why the hell else would I do it ? Dan walk off down the bridge , do a little dance . int . sport america office - day Dan and Carter get off the elevator , still on a high . alicia see they . alicia Dan , where have you be ?! dan we be in Los Angeles . carter we make a huge sale . 99 . alicia congratulation . so do teddy k. he sell the company ! to calcor Communications ! carter what ? that can not be ! carter and Dan stand there , speechless . int . steckle's office - day Carter and Dan come in . carter Mark ! what happen ? I think you say teddy k be go to buy another company ! steckle that 's what they tell I , but ~- he sell we ... I be out . carter wait , you be out ? steckle yeah . they be reorganize the whole place . ( to Carter ) you nre out too . Carter look stunne . steckle ( to Dan ) I think you be in . dan I '' in what ? steckle you old job . dan my old job ? running the department ? steckle that 's the rumor . ( more ) 100 . steckle ( cont would ) ( he sit back , shattered ) the whole thing seem so arbitrary . I feel use . dan ( pause ) yeah . kinda tough to know you be replaceable , hunh ? he look at both of they . dan I '' sorry you lose you job . music rise . ext . tribeca apartment - night Carter sit on the street outside he apartment . he think . int . dan 's first office - day Dan stand in he old office . the wall be empty . he have box cf he stuff pile in the middle of the room . ext . STREET - day Carter walk towards the camera in he business suit . intercut with int . dan 's first office - day Dan put all he old memorabilia , picture , etc . back up on the shelf and wall , take posession of he office again . ext . STREET - day Carter walk closer to the camera as the music crescendoe . int . sport america office - day the elevator bing , and Carter step through the door into the office . 101 . he be dress in sweat and jeans , look like a kid for the first time in the movie . he walk down the hall , look around , look a little lose . int . dan 's office - day Dan be back in he old office . he stand as Carter come in . carter hi , Dan . dan Carter . come on in . carter Nice office . dan thanks . have a seat . Carter sit . dan so. how have you be the last month ? carter I have be good , thanks . it 's be ... pretty strange not have to get up and go into work in the morning . dan yeah . well that 's what I want to talk to you about . ( pause ) I want to offer you a job . we definitely ... have we moment . but I think you be a good manager , and a good salesman , and I would like you to come here and be my second in command . carter ( surprised ) Dan ... I really appreciate that , more than you know . and if I know this be what I want to do , there 's no one I could learn more from than you . ( more ) 102 . carter ( cont would ) but I be not sure what I want to do for a live . I be not sure I want to work at a big place . I think I do . I think I have everything mapped out . but ... I be not really sure what I want to do with my life . I just know I want it to mean something to I , like this mean something to you . dan oh. carter do you think I be be stupid ? dan ( pause ) ».. no , I do not . I think that sound right . Carter nod . he settles back . pause . carter so how 's ... the family ? dan Ann 's good . baby 's come Tuesday after next Tuesday . caesarian . carter wow . that 's amazing . dan it sure be . ( pause ) and the girl ... the girl be both good . carter I be glad . please ... give they all my best . Carter get up . dan sc what be you go to do ? carter I have save up a bit of money , I be go to travel . 103 . dan that will be fun . Carter stand there for a moment . carter umm . .. Dan ... thanks . dan «+- for what ? carter for ... I guess for show I a few thing . no one ever take the time to umm ... give I a hard time before . or to teach I anything ... actually worth learn . see , I never really have a ... Carter take a breath . he scowl a bit , fighting back the emotion which have snuck up on he . Dan look down . carter --- sorry . you know what I be say . : dan yeah . I do . carter .. alright . dan listen , Carter . I want to tell you something . you be gonna be okay . carter you think so ? dan yeah . I know it . you be a good man . Carter stand there . it 's the first time he 's ever hear this . Carter go over to Dan and hug he . Dan awkwardly pat Carter on the back . then he hug Carter . they release the hug . Carter rub he eye . dan do not be a stranger . they shake hand . int . lobby - day 104 , Carter step out if the elevator and see morty wait to get on among a group of office worker . carter hey , morty ! you be back ! morty yeah ! back in the saddle ! look at you , you be -- you look like a delivery guy . ( turn ) hey , do you know Dan 's daughter Alex ? as some people move through Carter see Alex approach . she 's carry she tennis gear . carter ( shocked ) oh -~ hi , yeah -- what be you -- what be you do here ? alex ( shocked ) oh -- I be just ... surprising my dad , see if he want to play tennis ... morty ( oblivious ) Alex be a fantastic tennis player . she be a junior champ , right ? carter oh , really , you ... you play tennis , hunh ? alex ( smile ) +.- yeah . so , umm ... how 's it go ? 105 . carter good , I be actually uh ... leave town . think I might try and teach , or ... open a awapuhi store . I do not know . you ... do good ? alex yeah , I be ...just ... work on some short storey ... carter that 's ... that ' 's great . morty look from one to the other . morty well , I get a raise ! Dan get meat raise , which be a good thing , because my wife just get laid off . timing 's everything in life , right ? another elevator door open . people get in . morty ( cont 'd ) ( get in elevator ) take care , Carter ! carter yeah , you too , morty . Nice to ... nice to see both of you again . alex yeah , it be really good to see you , Carter . Alex get in the elevator . as the door close , she lift she hand in a goodbye to Carter . Carter turn and walk away from the elevator . ext . suburban hospital - day and push in towards the hospital . int . hospital maternity ward , waiting room - day Alex and Jana be sit in the wait room . Dan come out , dress in hospital blue . he look exhaust . 106 . Jana and Alex hurry over to he . jana well ? alex well ? dan ++- well . I be delighted to say ... ( he smile ) ++- you have a baby sister . Dan grin . Jana hug he . alex be you happy dad ? dan yeah . I be psyched . Alex and Dan smile at each other . ext . beach -~ day Carter run in place . at first , it be frame to look as if Carter be jogging on a treadmill in front of he tv again . a cell phone ring . carter hello ? hey , Dan ! oh my God ! that 's great ! get a name yet ? ( beat ) that 's fantastic . what ? ( pause ) no , that 's because I be jogging . Carter jog away from the camera , revealing he be on a beach . carter no , I be outside . I be actually jogging ... outside . Carter jog off down the beach . his conversation continue as music rise . the end .