white jazz written by Matthew Michael carnahan &amp ; Joe carnahan 9/16/07 base on the novel " White Jazz " by James ellroy legend : recife , Brazil , 1983 1 int . hillside villa - morning 1 stare at my break face in a gild mirror . the break occur a lifetime ago , heal uneven . I wear a white tropical button -down , a Republican - gold rolex , a pirate - patch over what be my leave eye . I ( v.o. ) I be old . and all I have leave be the will to remember ... I reach into a dresser drawer , pull out a yellow black &amp ; white picture of her : this beatific blonde , sleep . below I be a week - old L.A. Times with the headline : matriarch of Television Series , Empire Ridge , retire . the matriarch 's picture in the middle . * I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and the fear I will forget ... slide her over the matriarch 's picture : the matriarch 30 year young now . lift my eye back to my reflection . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I kill innocent man . I betrayed sacred oath . I reap profit from horror . the name be dead or too guilty to tell . the event so brutal they beg to be re-told ... legend : Los Angeles , fall 1958 2 int . olympic auditorium - fight night 2 the batter face of a irish pug . same guy ? no . a hard jab bashes the pug out of frame . and there I be : next to the ` Ring ' Magazine reporter chew the ass out of he cigar . I ( v.o. ) Lieutenant Dave klein , vice division . lapd . that 's what my face look like before . my point of view now : irish pug on the business end of this bantam Black 's combos . stand to my leave : sergeant richard " junior " stemmon . twenty -six . 2 . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) junior stemmon . a partner I never ask for . the scowl mean to hide a shit -scare kid who would be teach evidence class three month ago . his Old - man be a lapd lifer who never get past sergeant . junior stemmon we should make we move now . I mid-fight ? look at the crowd : you wanna be at the center of a riot ? junior stemmon I do not wanna be here when noonan and the fed show up . I point at the bantam Black : I we let sanderline finish this beat , we get he gratitude . * junior eye the exit clockwise , nervous , wait for ` untouchable ' to break the door down . I hate the way panic smell when I stand this close to it . junior stemmon we gonna let rock - a- bye fight too - I - relax junior . 3 int . locker room - moment later 3 the bantam Black : sanderline johnson . led through the double door . he see I , then he gaze shift to junior pop jab inch from reuben ruiz : a muscle middle - weight , fight - tape hand cuffed behind he back . I smile big : I sanderline , I be Lieutenant klein of the lapd and a real big fan - junior stemmon - you be under arrest . sanderline spook , step back . turn and make sure junior see the fire in my eye , keep stare at junior as I speak to sanderline again : 3. I no you be not . reuben be - reuben ruiz - Lieutenant Dave why you arrest - I - for be a rank fighter who still steal hubcap . shut up . ( off Ruiz , back to sanderline ) if I be gonna arrest you , I would not have let you finish : and that hook - uppercut combo you get be something special . ( from reuben , beat ) reuben 's in custody . but you could be we Guest . whaddya say ? 4 ext . olympic auditorium - moment later 4 I , junior , reuben , and sanderline aim for the nearest exit . behind the stand . reuben and sanderline in street clothes , hat pull down tight . feature the announcer : ring announcer lady and gentleman ... due to circumstance beyond we control , rock -a - bye Ruiz will not fight this - - boos drow the PA . beer and light cigar shell the announcer . fights erupt in the stand . I can not stifle a chuckle . Three exit down : day late- dollar short fed . welle noonan , elbow - out , surveying the scene like a half - ass rommel . I ( v.o. ) Welles noonan , US Attorney . ivy League crimefighter . launch a big box probe as a way to begin pry into everything else crooked and corrupt in LA . move faster . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) unaware the lapd be walk away with he two big witness . as we near the side exit I stop . junior pause , less than a foot from my face , point up at noonan , pure panic . 4. junior stemmon c'mon -jesus -he' right there ! my p.o.v. : second row , wash - up gangster mickey Cohen with a blonde far too beautiful for he world , a woman you have see before , but only in a yellow b&amp ; W picture 30 year in the future . I can not take my eye away ... five second - junior stemmon ( cont 'd ) - he sees US ! noonan 's gaze strafe we . I see he squint . I then you can stop point at he . double - time out the double-door . 5 int . ambassador HOTEL - night 5 9th floor suite . all four of we . I order room service . I hungry sanderline ? sanderline dig the dig : sport the ambassador robe over he street clothes , read the Bible . sanderline johnson if they get shrimp . I ( into the phone ) shrimp cocktail . ( over to reuben ) you want something reuben ? reuben ruiz to know why the fuck I be here - junior stemmon - mind you tone , shitbird ... reuben ruiz shitbird go out with vaudeville . you get you badge in a cereal box ? I you be here because we want you to remember where you live . 5 . sanderline ( grade - school mind ) City of angel . I excellent sanderline . reuben ruiz what ? I you live in LA , asshole . you do not live in ` Federal government . ' Ruiz turn icaught - I ' pink ... I nod to junior : split `em . play adjoin hotel room like sweat box . junior stemmon we get to spend time alone now . reuben ruiz want some perfume ? junior shove Ruiz through the inner-door connect the room . sanderline giggle . Close the door behind they . sit down inch from sanderline , change my tone : I stop laugh . instant quiet . I ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna tell Welles noonan ? ( watch as he flinch ) he have a subpoena with you name on it , sanderline . why would someone like you need to talk to the U.S. Attorney ? sanderline stay silent ... I ( cont 'd ) you be a legbreaker for the mob . I know the Men that pay you for that will murder you if they hear you be about to talk to the U.S. - sanderline johnson - but they do not know ... 6 . I ( beat , small smile ) and they do not have to . now tell I what you be gonna tell noonan - - phone ring . sanderline flinch for the second time . sanderline Bet you they run outta shrimp . I stand , step , answer it : I yeah . unidentified voice ( o.s. ) the spook with you ? mild shock . catalogue potential " who 's " ... unidentified voice ( cont 'd ) c'mon , we know he be . we be just try to be mysterious - I - who 's `we ? ' unidentified voice ( o.s. ) I and Sam G. I ( v.o. ) G for ` giancana . ' I owe he favor for the rest of my life . unidentified voice ( o.s. ) we be out at the place in Palm Springs . you should come out for the weekend . I tell Sam if I get minute - unidentified voice - yer gonna have to make a minute for he . now . see , we think the spade might testify that Sam own he and how we be groom he for a title shot he be gonna tank . a fight everybody woulda ' get flush off of , include the spade . * ( beat , quieter ) have he look out the window klein . 7. click . a breath . Drop the phone on the cradle ... step to the window ... open it ... then I chuckle genuine : I sanderline , you gotta see this ... trusting puppy sanderline step to the window : sanderline johnson what be I - - smash he head against the frame use he forward motion . he lose muscle control for the split-second it take I to pitch he leg up and out . my face a quick - change evil mask . feature sanderline 's nine-story fall . that ambassador Hotel robe billow behind he like a cape . he detonate a overhead streetlight with a bomb sound , then hit the driveway . unzip my fly , hustle into the bathroom , scream from outside now . flush the toilet as junior and Ruiz pile through the door . step out , play it baffle : look at the bed where sanderline sit , then the open window , scream float up ... I did that mutt just jump ? lunge to the window : sanderline post-mortem . head shattered . valet sprinting . junior on the phone . Ruiz step - up next to I : horrify . I keep stare at the smashed body ... whisper : I ( cont 'd ) remember where you live . reuben have to use both hand to steady himself . 6 int . police headquarters - bradley' office - morning 6 spartan space appoint with high - ticket item like the mahogany table around which we sit . outside : echoe of a protest filter through the window : muffled protest amalgam ( o.c. ) mexican brother SI ! imperial dodger no ! four of we at the table glue to the t.v , watch U.S. Attorney Welles noonan lambast the lapd . I ( v.o. ) LA 's version of the Young Turks , only meaner . ( more ) 8. I ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) boyce Bradley , Chief of detective . smartest man in town . and one of the richest : dad be a Real estate developer who own a strip of land that 's now know as the Santa monica freeway . on either side , Bradley 's book - end : d.a. Bob gallaudet , not the smartest man in town : ` Gas chamber ' Bob cribbe my note at usc Law . and Tom bethune , run for a City Council seat that will decide if this mexican slum call Chavez ravine get bulldoze and rename ` dodger Stadium . ' * BRADLEY turn it off . bethune leap like a lapdog , hit the power . I I be pissing . he be jump . Bradley pick up a newspaper : BRADLEY ` US Attorney noonan be accuse the Los Angeles Police Department in general , and Lt. David klein in particular , of murder at worst , gross incompetence at best ... ' I noonan have sanderline scared . after he sing to I he panicked &amp ; jump . tom bethune he do spend a month in camarillo mental Hospital last year - gas chamber bob - and wear that hotel robe over he clothes make he look even more looney - bin . tom bethune plus , reuben Ruiz recante . so noonan 's box probe be dead . he 's get nothing - BRADLEY - but time , a mandate and new target ... I need to speak to the Lieutenant alone . 9 . Bob and Tom nod , pat my back on the way out : proud uncle lend support before dad drop the hammer . door close . I stand , step to the window , big pro - mex protest below : geek and placard : ` baseball be as american as the trail of tear ! BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) describe to I you duty , as you understand it , regard sanderline Johnson and reuben Ruiz . I take both man into custody before noonan and the fed could , and find * out what they be go to tell - BRADLEY - and why do I choose you for this ? I because I be a cop with a law degree , and you think my legal - BRADLEY - because you a thug with a law degree . because I think by now you would be so indebted to this Department for not indict and / or * imprison you , that diligent , honest discharge of duty would be assure . ( beat ) and I make a horrible misjudgment . * I bethune and gallaudet do not think so . BRADLEY Bob 's happy because he want to be State Attorney General and he most likely opponent will be Welles noonan . Tom 's happy because Morton diskant , who 's lead they City Council race , be endorse by noonan . thus , they be not see the larger play . ( with calculate emphasis ) noonan 's new target will likely be the lapd itself . I how do you know that ? 10 . BRADLEY because that 's where I would aim : a subpoena Federal witness plummet to he death in the company of two lapd detective ? ( beat ) this scream Police corruption . * this offer noonan the possibility of payback in the form of national headline . I wave it all off : I Johnson do that stint at the nut House -- leak he file to you friend at the time - - and Bradley drop he bomb : coroner 's file . I stare ... guess the content ... try to keep my heart rate in - check ... BRADLEY my friend would be more interested in this . ( beat , flipping file open ) coroner 's preliminary : white paint chip find embed in sanderline Johnson 's scalp . a match dent on the white window sill . I check with the hotel switchboard and find a call be patch to you room at about the same time Johnson fly out of it . ( beat , proclamation : ) it shock and sicken I that you allegiance to the Chicago mob would take precedence over the lapd . I ( fuck draw this out ) alright . where 's this go ? * ( pull my badge , table it ) gun ? Shield ? what ? BRADLEY the appearance of disciplinary measure take against you be mandate post - sanderline Johnson , * so you suspension will be record but seal ... and keep quiet for now - * 11 . I so if the papers or noonan come sniff around - BRADLEY - we can provide adequate proof of you dismissal . I but you be not dismiss I . BRADLEY just on paper . ( close the file ) since I misjudge the cop I think you be , I be go to leverage the cop that you be . Bradley slide the morning paper over . Front page : ` candidate diskant hear the Hue and Cry of the underclass ... ' the photo show a smile diskant , roll shirt - sleeve , in the middle * of a sea of LA immigrant , all smile back . * BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) Morton diskant be to be remove from the City Council race . the mean and method implement to that end I will entrust to you . I ( throw a thumb at bethune ) you want I to torpedo diskant so you buddy bethune can win a City * Council seat uncontest - BRADLEY - or spend the next month in lock - up * before be arraign on charge * of gross misconduct and dereliction * of duty . the preamble before you * face life in prison for murder . * I stare back . feel myself get fitte for string ... BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) diskant work Saturday . late . Bradley wave I out . I intentionally drag my badge back across the desk , scratch he mahogany heirloom . * 12 . 7 int . my 1955 pontiac - morning 7 Hollywood Hills loom in the distance . I ( v.o. ) Bradley 's stooge now . a smart play suspending I : a build - in shield * for he if thing go sideways . traffic teeming up fairfax , tourettes - like glance in my rear - view ... a Black buick ... maybe mirrore my lane change . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Black buick ... five Cars back ... feel like a tail ... brake hard . they hang a leave on Fountain . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... or maybe I just need sleep . cruise up Nichols Canyon to the pad , camera and copywriter loom on my front lawn . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Press campe out post - sanderline , look for quote to hang I with . * slouch in the seat , accelerate , keep look back ... dig that geek from the hearld pissing in my hedge . 8 ext . westwood cottage - morning 8 up the walkway . I ( v.o. ) retreat to meg 's . my kid sister and only live family . Mom and pop die in ` 51 when they first plane ride become they last . scoop meg 's LA Herald of the ground . headline condemn I . tuck it under my arm as meg open the door : meg ( glance from paper to I ) I already get the Times inside . 13 . 9 int . westwood cottage - moment later 9 Silver tea - pot over blue flame on olive - drab stove . the Times open on the table between we ... same shitty headline . meg how much be true ? I how many time have I lie to you ? meg Zero . shrug. play aloof . hope it suffice . I you have always like you Men mean . she look up at I . feel the shame I shun ... * I what would Mom and dad say ? I nothing . that 's where I learn it . she stand , go to the stove . meg poor you . I yeah , pour I ... a cup please . Black , no sugar . meg stare dart . I smile to defuse . I ( cont 'd ) pretty please . she fetch cup and saucer . I ( cont 'd ) how 's work ? * meg it 's work . I how 's Pete ? 14 . meg more work . quiet while we wait for the pot ... and quiet always mean creep sleep : a enemy I never stop fight . Force my eye open , shift in my seat : I have be exhaust for year . I drift despite my best effort and for a split second you see the Hell I see when sleep win : 10 int . / ext . nightmare 10 Fire where the cloud should be -- pop -- in a backseat , point - blank Tommy -gun two smile man -- pop -- Marine fatigue soak in blood , plunging my bayonet into a cheesecake - white belly -- pop -- that beautiful blonde from * the Olympic , smile -- pop - * 11 int . westwood cottage - same moment 11 - awake . my leg jerk , kick a big wing - tip . a cup of coffee pipe in front of I . then voice . I turn : pete bondurant have he hand on my sister 's shoulder . I ( v.o. ) Big Pete bondurant . one-time LA sheriff . bounced when he beat-dead a prisoner who spit at he . a duly impressed Howard Hughes hire he on as he full - time muscle . my sister 's new hump . my oldest live friend . pete ( turn back at I ) you look like death take a shit . meg cackle . meg he 's still get that mgm - face . pete you be still the only guy who ever trade movie-potential for Police work . meg because in the movie they make you pull you punch . 15 . drain my mug . to Pete : I wanna do lapd a favor tonight ? meg no . we be go to the cocoanut - - Pete put a extend index finger in front of meg 's lip , which she bend backwards . pete ' favor ' mean `free ? ' I means $ 500 a hour . meg gimme the phone so I can find another date - I - you be the only woman I know who call Men - meg - you be the only man I know who do not call woman . Pete laugh , then : * pete what be we do ? 12 ext . low rent office build , east LA - night 12 I and junior in the car . Pete street -side , tuck into the shadow -- mime jack off , check he watch . everybody bored . glance again at the file in my lap : I ( v.o. ) Morton diskant , a man who prefer migrant worker to million dollar ballpark . beating bethune in they City Council Race despite get outspent 10 to 1 . ( beat ) if he win , the dodger do not get a Stadium , mexican get to keep raise chicken two mile from City Hall and Bradley make sure I * burn for sanderline Johnson . * 16 . junior in the backseat , pen in a steno , mouth something to himself . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) junior bring along because he begge . already hip to how many way you can make money with a badge . junior stemmon you get a birthday come up . I what ? junior stemmon on the 16th , right ? how old ? I Old . what be you write ? * head down , scribbling mid-sentence , make I wait a beat . junior stemmon just note ... about work - I - what `work ' ? junior stemmon mostly compare and contrast stuff . Street work versus textbook - I - chapter 1 : do not write shit down . chapter 2 : or other cop might kill * you . junior 's look practice in a mirror : click the pen , slide the steno away . junior stemmon so you think noonan will come after you for the sanderline thing ? he seem like a real hard charge . bait he , see if he bite . I ( the deadest deadpan ) I hear he be come after both of we . 17 . feature real concern from junior . junior stemmon what ? I indictment . prison time . Whole nine . junior stemmon Holy Jesus . be this true ? I I be seriously think about turn junior ... testify against you . junior go sour ... get he 's be goose . I laugh , glance out the windshield : see diskant finally exite the office . I ( cont 'd ) here we go . I start the car , slow - roll up the street . my Hamilton say 11:04 pm . street desert . Pete walk in diskant 's direction now as I continue to roll toward both . Pete close , dig he giant head nodd `hello . ' I ( v.o. ) see Pete do this a dozen time and every time the same think : Pete suddenly put he back into a leave hook : hammer diskant from nowhere as they pass . instant-ugly crumble . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) God help I if he ever hit I like that . Pete hoist diskant by he waist - band , toss he in the backseat . I accelerate out , obey every law . CUT to : pitch black . then a series of strobe- flashbulb : maybe flesh , maybe two body , maybe both hairy / pale . then groan , then flicker fluorescent light make it all look jaundice . 13 int . low rent fuck - tel room - same moment 13 light now . diskant awake , try to loosen he jaw . 18 . I ( v.o. ) junior pick up this quiff jock other fag in a Men 's room . but quiff be a Law Student who want he record keep clean . quiff nervous but coo , dick out , on diskant 's thigh . junior just as nervous ... reloading a camera . junior stemmon he should suck he dick . y'know ? put the icing on it . a baffle moment as the comment register . pete what ? junior stemmon tell I that would not sell it ... plus he 's a Communist . I we be ruin he career , not he soul . reload the camera . diskant finally speak : marble-mouthed . pushes quiff away : morton diskant off I ! do not waste a second : grab diskant by the hair , narrate he immediate future . I Drop out of the City Council race or I send this picture to the papers . diskant rip he head free . rage . blood from he mouth . * scan the room , size up the situation , then : * morton diskant I will fight you rotten - I - and maybe salvage something that 's a close cousin to `respect . ' but what about you wife and kid get hold of that picture ? 19 . wait for the big futile scream / struggle . keep wait . diskant just sit . no word . and now I wish he would cry , throw punch , anything ... but he do not . I turn to junior : I ( cont 'd ) take the quiff home . quiff my name 's Franklin - I - of course it be . junior pull quiff out the door . by he hand . just Pete , I , and diskant now . Silent moment drag sour ... I ( cont 'd ) I need a nod from you Morton , let 's I know you get it - diskant - do not say my name ... pete he get it . I someone from the Times will call for a quote . whatever you reason for drop out make it real . as Pete and I turn to leave : diskant ( not look at we ) you eventually lose the ability to reconcile the thing you have do to people . that 's Hell . a long moment on I and Pete . blunt by what we just hear . 14 int . my 1955 pontiac - next moment 14 Pete drive . silence . tune to a all - night Jazz signal , turn up the volume loud enough to jumble doubt . toss Pete he cut . a $ 500 roll . pete ( pockete the money ) y'know Hughes have a job you be tailor- make for . I already give he you - 20 . I - no thanks . pete stop pretend you be not a pig for all this , klein . I I still get a day job , Pete - pete - toss more bantamweight out * window ? I wait too long , answer in too high a voice : I the mutt jump . pete ( laugh small , then : ) not even the people who do not know you believe that . if somebody from the da 's office decide to dig , you could fry boy-o . be nice to be in with a billionaire who 's get a fleet of plane , fly you outta the country on a moment 's notice . ( beat ) c'mon -- it 's a cake legal gig . he * just want you to burn some actress that stop fuck he . stop in front of meg 's place . Pete leave the engine run , jump out . pete ( cont 'd ) tomorrow . Hughes aircraft , 7 pm * it will be worth it . I watch Pete go into meg 's place . drive on . stop sign . a block away : Black buick parallel to I . exhaust plume . like they be wait . I keep my eye on the rear-view as I pass ... but it just stay put ... idling . 15 int . my home , hollywood hill - moment later 15 light off but something grab my eye instantly . Kitchen table : a manila envelope . 100 $ 100 - bill . usc season ticket . a note : ` thanks for prove Flying monkey only live in oz. Sam g.' exhale . flip to the same jazz station . sit. start another futile fight with sleep . 21 . the last thing I see before I nod black : my War Trophy , a japanese Officer 's samurai sword mount on my mantle . smash CUT to : 16 int . / ext . nightmare 16 artillery barrage from Hell : Okinawa , 1945 . a hate - fuel frenzy hack up half - starve jap Soldiers . they dive off the Cliffs to escape I : this massive , gray - eye Marine . I dive after they . bomb toward a world below already ablaze . falling . gain on a figure in a bathrobe . this guttural scream turn mechanical , like a ring as I recognize sanderline Johnson : he piece - together face smile up . snap awake . my phone ringing . 1 am . rip the phone from the wall : * I ( cont 'd ) klein - BRADLEY ( o.s. ) - you know who hector magdalena be ? I ( as cobweb clear ) ... yeah ... narco 's snitch . BRADLEY ( o.s. ) he 's miss . his home be break into at some point within the last hour . I so send robbery . BRADLEY ( o.c . ) the only thing take be he . wilshire Station be on-scene . get over there right now . I why I ? BRADLEY call it penance . I I think that 's what Morton diskant be - BRADLEY - that make one of we . 1284 South * tremaine . ( more ) 22. BRADLEY ( cont would ) ( edge to he voice ) this kind of timing make for disaster , Lieutenant . I hear the first split-second of Bradley smash he phone down . click my own cradle . wipe my face . dial another number . I junior . meet I at 1284 South * tremaine . 20 minute . 17 ext . 1284 south tremaine , magdalena residence - late night 17 Police abound . mostly work - a- day blue pound coffee . they part as I approach : Dave " enforcer " klein half - legend here . a plain-clothes break through , aim right at I : dan wilhite . I ( v.o. ) Captain Dan wilhite , head of the lapd narcotics division . a Michigan Catholic poison by 25 year in this desert . recently divorced despite seven kid with he ex . wilhite why be you here ? I you smell like bourbon wilhite - wilhite - fuck off . this be handle . and pull you idiot partner out of there - I - junior 's already here - wilhite - magdalena be my snitch , so it 's my scene . - push past he , toward the house . I then get Bradley on the horn , so you can relay that order . I be here on he word . now , what happen ? wilhite ( drag out of he ) Guard dog be dead . magdalena 's miss . 23. I and presume what ? wilhite I could give a shit . I just want to this case to get a quick burial . I I will bet . who make the call ? wilhite some old broad hear a `argument ' and buzze wilshire Station . * I where 's the family ? wilhite the wife and daughter be in Santa Barbara . just get back . I ( check my Hamilton ) at 2 am ? * wilhite * the wife say she get into a fight * with she Parents , leave asap . * I * why be not hector with `em ? * wilhite what do you think they be * fight about ? Santa Barbara wasp * do not fancy dope-push wetback . I what about the Son ? * wilhite ( sneering hatred ) Tommy . make he you # 1 suspect . I why 's that ? * wilhite he 's get a mean streak . and he and * hector have be at each other throat for month . have Tommy * pick up . he like to loaf at * that nigger jazz joint in watt . * 24 . I alright , you better cut out before * people start ask why the head of narco be at a miss person . wilhite get close , still sneering : wilhite get a conviction . grab Tommy and pin this thing fast or you will have a whole division of disgrace cop at you front door . I what be you talk about wilhite ? wilhite you queere the fed 's fight probe by kill that boxer and they already have a hard - on for the lapd - * Bradley send you down here as damage goods ... think about it . everybody see what 's come . ( beat , closer ) now close this quick . wilhite bolt . I pause . clarity finally dissolve the * bloodshot : this be the disaster Bradley be talk about : * I ( v.o. ) the god-size problem I trigger toss sanderline take shape : the lapd 's sanction dope-pusher vanish -- that 's a pretty juicy * spot to stick a new probe . * 18 int . magdalena residence - moment later 18 all money , no taste . in the foyer : a wilshire Station six - pack interview the old biddie in a threadbare bathrobe . dyed orange hair and a burnt-butter grin . leans -lunge as she relay she story . I zoom in to catch the performance . biddie ( mid-sentence ) - shifty ...colored ... y' know negros be plan a invasion ! after we white woman and we water supply - officer - where be this peeper you see ? 25 . biddie bushes . spyin ' on Lucille . see he * there before ! he 's a black saboteur * look for fertile white womb . wanna breed a mulatto master race - * - cut into the crazy : I Officer . the six - pack cross to confer . I ( cont 'd ) besides bat -shit insanity , be there anything else about she that ring true ? officer Heard a argument , loud , maybe a minute or two , then silence . I what 's this ` peeper ' riff she 's on ? officer she see someone in the bush earlier . she 's report that kind of thing a dozen other time . she 's also report fly saucer , so ... I see if any of the other neighbor can verify this ` peeper ' thing . * roam . a hallway . junior the grim -face professional , he 's get that damn steno out , scribbling like he 's on a deadline . junior stemmon no one touch a thing `til I say . he 's hover over a lake of blood , drag mark originate in that lake lead out to the garage . junior see I . see he startle , then jut he tough - guy chin on reflex : junior stemmon ( cont 'd ) Dave - I - Lieutenant klein . I say `meet I ' in twenty minute ' not `go in without I . ' 26 . junior stemmon all I have be do - I ( hard / harsh / low ) - be step on dick . you do not know the history , the player or the play . pull junior aside , impart the follow tightly : I ( cont 'd ) the Department give magdalena a * monopoly on the LA dope trade decade ago - junior stemmon - what Department ? I we pollyanna -- lapd . we bullet - proofed he in exchange for 60 % of he profit and a promise he only deal drug in darktown and East LA - * junior stemmon - Black and mexican - I - give the man a prize . he would also * rat he competition and kill the one we could not convict . now keep you mouth shut and stay on my hip . junior stemmon * Fine . * I want to bounce he head off the wall . I continue my tour instead . follow the blood - trail out into the garage where it * end in another smaller lake of blood . junior stemmon ( cont 'd ) * load he into a car - I - be all the magdalena vehicle account for ? junior stemmon except for the son' : Tommy . * 27 . continue the tour . Kitchen . two doberman , shot dead . feature match bullet wound right between they eye -- yell to * the Officer with the biddie : * I officer . as he poke he head around the corner : I ( cont 'd ) the old lady hear dog bark ? * gunshot ? officer no , I ask . just the yell . examine the wound closer . catch myself petting the decease pooches . to junior : I she do not hear bark ... so they be either lousy guard dog ... or they know the killer . ( point to the wound ) you can not hit something this clean unless you be point blank . he could have be petting they when he fire : look at the burn pattern - * ( point ) like when you shoot something with a silencer . junior stemmon how do you know that ? I ( stare so he get it ) I have shot thing with silencer ... and the old lady do not hear any * gunshot . junior stemmon you make a family member for it ? Tommy ? I maybe ... * junior stemmon do you want to issue a apb ? 28 . I I want to talk to Bradley first . where be the mother and daughter ? * 19 int . family room - continuous 19 feature this old matriarch hang by the thinnest thread : * madge magdalena , fifty - plus , dyed blonde bouffant pull at and pick . sad clown tear smear too much mascara . she pitch a boo-hoo in between belt of wine to a bored stiff wilshire Station six - pack . lucille magdalena , 20' : daughter . Big bedroom eye . a top two size too tight . pop a palm of pill . do not look too shattered about daddy 's demise . I make eye contact . I catch * bruise on she arm . she see I see , try to cover * nonchalant . the wall phone ring . grab without ask . * I it 's klein . BRADLEY ( o.s. ) update . I hector 's go . blood that may or may not be he lead out to the * garage . two guard dog shot dead but no other sign of a struggle . the house be intact . BRADLEY family ? I wife and daughter be here . BRADLEY describe they state . I mother madge aggrieve . * ( aim my gaze at Lucille ) daughter Lucille ... indifferent . the * son be persona non grata and a strong early suspect . BRADLEY alright , kick everyone out . include all police personnel . 29 . I how 's that ? BRADLEY do not question I . be you partner on hand ? I yeah ... * BRADLEY have he bag and seal everything and bring it to wilshire Station . find Tommy magdalena post-haste and take he into custody . no apb 's , nothing to alert noonan and the FBI to this situation . I you want I to - BRADLEY - no more information over a open * line . I will be at the bethune event later on today . find I there . click . second time he 's hang up on I in a hour . pull junior to I just as he 's go through a stack of mail : I I be give you on - scene command . * Bradley want everyone remove from the premise and the entire house bag for evidence and bring to wilshire Station . ( more of a dare ) can you handle this ? Big brown - nose nod from a aim - to-please junior . junior stemmon entirely . where be you go ? I to find Tommy magdalena . 20 int . car - early morning 20 Rolling up Hollywood to highland . 30 . klein ( v.o. ) Big yawn . half haze from no sleep . buzz dispatch . a message from Pete . ` reminder : Hughes aircraft , 7 pm . * glance street - side : sanderline smile blood in a wind blow bathrobe . blink and he 's go , replace by a kid hawk the Times . pull-over . toss the kid a coin . Front page : leading candidate bow from CITY council race , next to a picture of diskant . piss for reason I will not name . back to the car . a Black buick pass , slower than the rest of traffic , act like I be oblivious . it turn . I slide in , start my pontiac . I ( v.o. ) another Black buick . call it a fed * tail . noonan already up my ass . * ( beat ) let 's see if they get gut enough to keep follow I South . 21 ext . darktown - dawn 21 cruise the crenshaw district , up through Central Ave . I ( v.o. ) dispatch give I Tommy 's make and model : a `32 Ford deuce with a bent eight . hot-rodder Tommy like to goose the cop into give chase . check my mirror . that Black buick hang way back . Cruise past jazz club : the savoy , Joe Morris 's Plantation , shepp 's playhouse , the down beat ... no sign of a Ford deuce . pull up to the Club alabam . valet stare : a white man in watt at this hour can only be cop. Park . * half -a-block back : buzzcut in that black buick . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) noonan tail confirm : fed face * glow like martian this far down crenshaw . smile big , give `em a thumb -up . 22 int . club alabam - dawn 22 barely sober patron sport cop-hate stare , some on reflex , * some because of sanderline Johnson . * 31 . doorman escort the bewilder , strong - arm the belligerent . * almost 6 am and the club be still half full . Press on , scan the stage : a bebop trio toil over a erroll garner tune as a beautiful black girl sing in a satin soft lilt . this whisper falsetto that make you hair stand on end . I stop and listen . get my only smile of the day from * she . smile back because she voice remind I to . hear beer bottle rattle behind and break . turn . squeeze that smile into a sneer , stare down this massive bartender . * I ( flop badge on bar ) get lester and get I a scotch * straight . * the bartender glower , grab a bottle , pour , hand the size * of catcher 's mitt . he slide the glass . I sip . * bartender sanderline Johnson be my second * cousin , peckerwood . I would not * drink that with my gun hand . he vanish behind a stain curtain . feel that voodoo * stare from behind ... and I switch the scotch glass to my leave * hand as nonchalant as possible . bartender reappear , motion I back . I follow . backstage . I see a figure stretch prone , ice - pack press to he face , roll reefer between he lip . I ( v.o. ) lester Lake . one-time velvet voice crooner . but a dabble in the dope trade cost he a set of slashed vocal cord at the hand of none * other than hector magdalena . * only as I get closer do I see the badly swollen black eye . he look up at I . a voice like sand - paper leave out in the sun : * lester lake Lieutenant Dave klein . slayer of * sanderline Johnson ...y ' get stone * show up this far South . * I what happen to you face ? lester lake ( beat ) Tommy mag want to make sure I understand something he be say . 32 . I where be he ? lester lake Left a hour ago . emptied my safe . I shit . he 's wise . lester lake to what ? you look for he ? lester hand I the reefer , take it , toke geeky , belch smoke . I ( at the reefer ) just never get this ... lester take it back , draw deep . lester lake too white to appreciate good grass . * now watch lester 's attitude improve toot sweet : I hector magdalena be miss , presume dead . Tommy be we sole suspect . he spurt smoke , sit up like a shot , beam . * lester lake muthafucker -- there be a God . if only I would know this a hour ago . I heartbreaker , huh ? you let he gig here last night ? lester lake I do not let he , he just do . Nails on a chalkboard too . he rush the stage last week when we have Charlie mingus drop in for a set . mingus look at this half - mex * greaser kid try to play ` round * Midnight , ' say that fool could not * find they key with a flashlight . ' I Tommy 's play day be over . 33. lester lake hallelujah . I what time do he show up ? lester lake around four . him and this pachucos * poppin ' switchblade like punk . ( mop he brow of blood ) the only thing that be keepin ' he * iuntouch ' be hector ... * ( beat , hopeful - prayer ) be he really dead ? * I there 's blood all over he house , seem to belong to he . there 's just no body . not yet . lester lake ( a toke , a think ) I do not feature Tommy for it . * I ( my head kink a bit ) * how 's that ? how many time have he * be in here , bust you up ? lester lake yeah , but he be not get the salt * to truly take a man 's life . * especially not hector 's ... he be * scared of he . * I * why ? * lester lake * ` cuz hector be whippin' Tommy 's * ass from the time he could talk . * I * what about the wife ? beat she too ? * lester lake * we use to call that old bitch `the * burglar ' ... eye be so black , it * look like she have a mask on . * I * and the daughter ? Lucille ? * 34 . lester can not quip that one as quick . toke . shake he head . * lester lake * thing up off the street . rumor . * I * like ? * lester lake * hector have turn she out . use * she the way the Roman use to use * they daughter when they do * business : some pussy to sweeten the * pot . rumor be she get pick up in * this trick sweep few week back . * I * hector be whore she ? * lester lake * hector be a evil muthafucker . * ... lester tilt he neck back , point to a long keloid scar * that stretch across he throat ... * lester lake ( cont 'd ) * ... bear with ruthless bone . * ( sit up ) * and if he really be dead and go , * this game `bout to explode . * I * what game ? * lester lake drug . especially here in South Central . hector run it uncontest . lotta cat gonna rush in now , try to plant a flag . * I Tommy can not hold the throne ? * lester lake Tommy could not hold he pecker without hector 's help and he know * that . he 's gonna bury himself like * a tick . good luck turn he up , * he take six or seven grand out the * safe tonight . 35 . I eye and ear for I lester . he turn up , you get in touch . lester lake * if I do not kill he first . * 23 ext . union station ballroom - day 23 bethune campaign fundraiser turn Victory bash . Big smile beam above sunburn double -chin . bethune the nucleus of a Press circle -jerk . I weave around , lack of sleep and a miserably wrinkle suit make I look like something dig up . reporter # 1 councilman bethune , be Mr. diskant drop out the only way you could have win this race ? tom bethune not at all . my message of civic advancement manifest in that beautiful blue baseball team be start to hit home . bethune 's beam twitches when he see I weaving past . give he a quick nod , get nothing back : he can not be see this close to the turd in the punch bowl . move by : reporter # 3 anything you would like to say to future constituent ? tom bethune I like my dodger dog with mustard and relish ! Bradley at one of the front table confab with da Gas chamber Bob gallaudet . as I aim they way , one of my favorite * man aim at I , wear this great White grin : fritz koenig . I ( v.o. ) fritz koenig . german bear . former * US spymaster , current head of the * lapd 's Intelligence division . he * and Bradley in the middle of they own cold War -- each fight to be the second most important member of * the lapd behind Chief parker . * 36 . koenig * this function be not normally * open to Jews . * I * someone with you accent should * never be allow to say ` Jew ' * again . * koenig * that accent allow I to execute * many a Nazi . * I * then we be both traitors : Ellis * Island say grandpa 's ` kleinsasser ' * be two syllable too long . * koenig I would not have expect so public a show after sanderline Johnson . I he jump fritz . koenig flash that grin again . koenig I be sure he do . and where be you young partner this day ? I work he first big job . koenig might the job involve the lapd 's most important miss wetback , hector magdalena ? my eye narrow but stay smile : I it do . koenig nod , cast he gaze out over the crowd . koenig I have know stemmon since the academy . he be a top pupil . a * peculiar little pain in the ass , but very good with detail . 37 . I kid might have some climb in he . ( look back at Bradley ) remind I of another pain in the ass . koenig roar this big frightening laugh of he . koenig I be puzzle as to why the Bradley would assign you to the magdalena * case when you be neither homicide nor robbery ... I there 's no body , and nothing be take except hector . koenig he do know how to delegate do not he ... and also I be sure that poor negro 's nosedive have put you squarely in he debt . I something like that . * koenig keep I abreast will you ? Chief parker be understandably nervous . situation like this tend to yield grief ... and we have the FBI poke * around we garden patch . * I my ass first fritz , yours second . koenig 's big laugh again . move toward Bradley now . then flashbulb pop-blind . panic : snap pix of I ? relief : not I . Hollywood type : this buff mcman meat-type and her . I go slack inch from the Press that yesterday want to roll in my gut ... but now they be just as entrance with she as I be . she and mcman meat continue past as I stare , she answer he question for he . I think she eye see mine . then I realize where I be stand . Bradley wait . focus on I and not she -- god-damn eunuch . I step over , speak without preface : I ( cont 'd ) Tommy magdalena have go to ground and he 's get a war chest to keep he there . the only way we take he quickly be to issue a citywide apb - 38 . BRADLEY - no . we can not risk that . do you * make he for the murderer ? I yeah . hector 's disappearance be definitely a inside job . that whole family feel hinky . the daughter be all bruise and no tear and hector 's hop-head wife * look part punch bag . BRADLEY do you suspect either of the woman ? * I accord to wilhite , they be in Santa Barbara at the time . BRADLEY verify that . where be you partner ? I vouch in evidence at wilshire Station . BRADLEY keep he on that . he have excellent rating as a evidence teacher and * I trust he more than you . ( beat ) find Tommy magdalena . focus everything on that effort &amp ; I want he apprehend klein , not kill . I what about hector ? still miss . BRADLEY and most likely dead . find the son. * stakeout the residence . put tail on both the mother and daughter -- I want this investigation work quietly , and around the clock . I * and what do we do if hector turn * up ? * 39 . BRADLEY * if he 's alive , bring he to I . if he 's dead , have he John doe would at * the morgue until noonan can be * draw off and this FBI situation * sort out . * I wilhite . he be operate hector - BRADLEY - do not worry about Dan wilhite . you deal directly with I . now go out the back . I do not want the press recognize you . swallow my sneer . push through the service door . hard . headed back toward the kitchen , a exit sign . I pass a alcove : her. alone . smoke break . beauty you almost never get to examine up close . I stop , stammer , she give I a once - over , think I be a reporter ... I you get a light ? woman ( search my empty hand ) you get a cigarette ? I fumble for a chesterfield . she pull a Zippo slow . woman ( cont 'd ) if you snap a picture of I , I get to set you on fire . Fair ? I smile too wide -- fuck . I kill it , try to gather up the bit of `cool ' that shattered with the sophomore smile . I it do not look like you be all that upset with the attention . woman good thing you be not a cop . I ( beat ) how 's that ? woman you power of observation leave lot to be desire . 40 . light my cigarette . I hold it in my mouth to hide shaking hand . I thank you . woman do not thank I : this thing be bad for you . I you believe everything you read ? stub she cigarette . woman you believe anything you read ? she start walk back the way I come . I ( hail - mary ) do you eat dinner ? woman no . I can not stop watch she , even after she push back through the double door , re-enter the fray head - first . I step after she . a reporter finally make I . random catcall of ` klein ! ` hey , enforcer ! ' shutterbug beeline my way , fire flashbulb from the hip . Close the door quick and bolt . I ( v.o. ) make a note : steal bethune 's guest - * list , then go door- to - door until * you find she again . 24 int . wilshire station - day 24 stroll . sidelong stare on the periphery . mute whisper from * desk cop . feature this rookie chump clear a path as I pass . * down a flight of stair to the evidence locker . junior write seizure abstract , sealing material in green-band * evidence bag . a pile stack neatly on the table next to he . that red steno pad in full view . I this everything from the house ? a beat . he make I wait as he finish write . 41 . junior stemmon everything worthwhile . I what do you tell the watch Commander upstairs ? junior stemmon ( schoolboy proud ) that this be a random drug seizure . I be not use name and I be number coding everything . a load of interesting stuff too . ( point to each stack ) I get unregister fire -arm , more dope than I have ever see , and some mail from business associate that seem hinky . we should follow up - * ( grab a envelope ) * - here , this one , `hurwitz Holdings ' * hector have some real estate dealing - I - bag it until Bradley order we otherwise . junior stemmon ( like I be speak Greek ) * how do you solve a case when the evidence be in bag ? I you do not . we job be to find Tommy . ( point to the red steno ) and why be that out ? junior stemmon ( like he 's catch ) I be make note separate from - ( gear change off my glare ) - I think we be investigate magdalena 's disappearance - I - do not write shit down . what do you * need kid ? a little bounce ball , * bottom of the screen ? * ( brace he harder ) magdalena be twenty year dirty with this Department ... do you think * a word of that exist on paper ? 42 . junior stemmon ... no . I * and there 's reason . respect they . * junior tuck the steno away , chasten . I ( cont 'd ) * now we need surveillance set up on the house and revolve tail on both madge and Lucille magdalena . they alibi be they be in Santa Barbara when hector vanish . find out if that 's real . the tail and the stakeout start tonight . ( beat ) can you manage this ? junior jack he chin just high enough to save face , tuck that steno away , this X - Ray stare . junior stemmon sure , Lieutenant . * 25 int . my 1955 pontiac - day 25 * Rolling . crenshaw south . darktown . * I ( v.o . ) * Police blotter get I bupkis . buzz * dispatch . look for license hit * on that ` 32 Ford deuce . nothing . * Zoom darktown again . Zilch . Tommy * dig in deep . * startle , check my watch : 7:17 pm . * I shit . 26 int . hughes aircraft hangar - evening 26 * Cruise in , crossing the hangar to Pete . I ( v.o. ) Howard Hughes . billionaire germ freak . boob man . Pete 's prime benefactor . nobody have see he in year . ( more ) 43. I ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) now he only communicate through a small stand army of lapdog lawyer he keep on staff . a small , effete blonde man : geoffrey milteer extend he tiny hand , plastic-cordial , rubbed raw from wait ... * milteer Gregory milteer . Attorney -at-law . a pleasure Lt. klein . I Dave . sorry I be late . * milteer indeed . ( motion to sit ) please . we sit at a huge draft table . I shoot a sidelong to Pete . milteer ( cont 'd ) thanks for you time on a Sunday . I ( a wink for Pete ) where 's Mr. Hughes ? milteer unavailable . unfortunately . but I have be give full authority to - I - I be not contagious ... if that 's what he 's worried about . Pete hate scowl I : have you fun , asshole ... milteer I do not find that the least bit humorous Lt. klein . I yes you do . what 's you pitch Mr. * milteer ? milteer look at Pete . Pete half - shrug . back to I now : 44 . milteer a ` actress ' name glenda bledsoe sign a service Contract that she 's now willfully violate by act in a Z -grade horror picture presently vshoot ' in griffith Park . despite entreaty for she to cease participation in this absurdity , she continue to revel in she outlaw status with we . thus we would like she destroy . I what make you think I can do a better job than you people ? milteer Mr. bondurant say you be one of the smarter people he know - I -dubious honor if you know the other people Pete know . ( beat ) so you want to catch she in violation of she service Contract ? something like that ? milteer exactly . the morality clause in particular as the damage to she reputation would be most devastating : nymphomaniac , criminal , Communist ... anything along this line . once you visit the set of she ` attack of the Atomic vampire , ' you will see the void that be she character . we have not a photograph handy , but she 's play the lead female role . * I I be happy to help . but my price be $ 10,000 . not 5 . Pete laugh out loud . milteer go frigid . milteer $ 10,000 should buy more than help . 45 . I for 10 give it any name you want . I be a salary employee of lapd , * that mean I will have to find time off hour to do this . a long , cold moment drag ... * milteer agreed . start tonight . someone 's * be steal grocery from we talent domicile . there 's no proof that it 's she , but it 's she . Peter will provide you address . I ( faux fey ) thank you Peter . milteer we look forward to you update . 27 int . pay phone on sepulveda - late afternoon 27 dial the Station : I sergeant , pass a message to stemmon : I want he to meet I at the one- thousand block of South tremaine tonight at 11 and at some point between now and then , I will need he to do a preliminary work - up on a woman name glenda bledsoe . ( beat , check spelling ) b-l-e-d-s-o-e . thanks . I hang up , step out , yawn . 28 ext . atomic vampire set - dusk 28 two-fist coffee . on top of a hill overlook the ` Atomic vampire ' shoot . pure schlock . the spaceship : a totale cadillac replete with home - make canopy and cardboard extension on the fin . Crew : homeless wino . extras : homeless drug-fiend . scan the assemble `talent ' ... and see : her . my black and white picture . the beauty at the fight . the starlet I throw a hail Mary dinner pass to at bethune 's victory party : glenda bledsoe . emerging from a small trailer . 46 . I ( v.o. ) twice in a day do not happen . not in a city like LA . not like this . ( beat ) this be fate . this be cupid fire he whole fuck quiver . move . make sure she 's real . her laugh . melodic . I hike down through the bramble . 29 ext . atomic vampire set - dusk 29 walk past a pair of beat airstream clipper . watch she prop up this silver - haire junkie . she grab a sound blanket , drape he , hand he she coffee before site down next to another woman and rehearse . I eyeball the rest of the `set . ' winos in werewolf mask and cape , hold wooden ray-gun spray - paint silver : one piss , bottle in one hand , cigarette / dick in the other . the " director " be a fey manic , finger a snuff - box . director this be the big Armada landing , so I need everybody 's energy up , up up ! where 's my alien Commander ? the piss werewolf careen back to set , pull at he zipper , mask askew , cover he eye . werewolf right here GOD damn it . mickey cohen , 62 , former mob boss . he boil egg on a hot - plate and sling hash to extras lining plywood picnic table . I ( v.o. ) mickey Cohen : one - time LA crime kingpin and West Coast mob heavy who now trawls for loose change . winos vibe lapd , make a hole as I approach : I ( cont 'd ) cecil B. demote . mickey cohen where klein go tsuris follow . this be what I hate about be down , lip from the like of you . 47 . I if this be `down ' I never want to see `out . ' how the mighty have fall . mickey cohen ( give it right back ) which one of we be you talk about klein ? Word be the Federal Bureau be all hot and bother with you gonif . hey , I hear J. Edgar schtup he personal assistant and make he wear lady hose . I what else be you hearing ? mickey cohen that this Welles noonan character have develop quite a crush . that you might want to consider relocate to dogdick , delaware . I be a mark man for year Mick . mickey cohen but the bullseye on you back 's never be quite so big ... if you need a new line of work , I get this faygele lead man need replace - - follow mickey 's gaze over to rock rockwell . buff mcman meat - * the guy with glenda at the bethune party . he 's primp with * other boy deck in surplus ss uniform , check the side * mirror of one of the ` alien craft ' before he big close - up . * mickey cohen his agent tell I he could play straight . I * his agent lie . * mickey cohen * you interested ? * I no . but I be interested in you * lead lady . Bradley send I . saw * she at the bethune - 48 . mickey cohen - not a chance . I be still try to play hide the submarine . I you want Chief Bradley angry ? mickey cohen ten year ago I could call for that * little pisher 's head on a stick . ( look around ) and now ... I and now the only thing you be put on stick be corn dog . what 's she name , Mick ? mickey cohen glenda . I ( still look for her ) * why be she there ? mickey cohen low-budget strategy : I send glenda and rock to any event where there 's camera -- glenda get guest - a'- honor treatment everywhere with that shape a ' she 's ... I what she drive ? 30 int . my 1955 pontiac - night 30 follow the tail - light of a 56 corvette . top-down , whipping blond hair split-second visible under pass street light . glenda pull into what I guess be she place : tiny - tidy Glendale flat . I roll past : no eye contact . around the block . Park on the next street over . wait until I think of what come next ... get out now ... 31 ext . glendale - next moment 31 up to a fence . scratch it : make sure a nut -hungry pooch be not slobbering on the other side . nothing . vault the fence . dodge a pool . over another fence and into - 49 . 32 ext . glenda's backyard - next moment 32 - creep to a window : curtain pull . creep to another : there she be . watch she : elegant finger emanate from hand only now beginning to betray age . watch she shake she sandal off . arranging three coffee cup on a tray : company come . on cue : another car . a ` 53 cadillac : the director and rock rockwell . I crane my neck to get as much of she as I can . she leave the tray , cup steaming . muffled greeting . check the window , open . slide it up gentle . 33 int . tiny live room - same moment 33 glenda clear seat . glenda bledsoe coffee 's in the kitchen . let 's go over this quick because I be beat . director we be set on a place where we can stash you and rock . it 's in topanga Canyon , two week - rockwell ( petulant ) - two week ? my body will fall apart - glenda bledsoe - think of it as 14 day of push - up - ( to the director ) be you sure about this sid ? seem shaky . be this mickey 's idea ? director and I think it 's brilliant ! inspire ! the two lead of mickey Cohen 's magnum opus get kidnap ! the press will eat it up ! they will write about ` gangster mickey , ' the glory day . couple a' headline like that and interest in Atomic vampire will go through the roof ! ( to glenda ) who 's gonna grab you ? glenda bledsoe a charmer I know in another life ... George ainge . 50 . Pat myself down for a pen , scribble on my hand : " a-i - n- g-e " sid frizell be he okay with make it look real - rockwell - he can not hit I in the face ! * that 's a deal - breaker ! glenda bledsoe he will be thrilled to knock I around . plus he 's hold something of mine , so we can kill two bird . he will grab we Tuesday in front of the Pacific dining car . * rockwell what about Hughes ? glenda bledsoe what about he ? that angle can only help we . sid frizell I be die to know ... be he the spruce Goose between the sheet ? 34 ext . glenda's backyard - same moment 34 my face fold up -- jealous - sour frown . I reach in , steal one * of the steaming cup , bolt . audible as I retreat : glenda bledsoe ( o.c. ) hung like a newborn and he call my tit vpropeller . ' belly laughter from inside . I ( v.o . ) the real howler : fake kidnapping always bomb . 35 int . my 1955 pontiac - night 35 park . tepid pull off the steal mug . done . toss it to the * passenger side : land on a bed of crumpled styrofoam . look up : the magdalena residence loom a few door down . glance at the passenger seat : a envelope line with fifty $ 100 bill . the name : bledsoe write across the front . pick it up . 51 . I ( v.o. ) think I could tip milteer off to the kidnap plot and pick up the other half of my payment ... ( stare at that money ) think I should just give the first half back now ... ' cuz I know right now I will never hurt she . toss the envelope into the glove - box , slam it shut . scan . two head in one of the unmark patrol car I order . cursory nod as they pass . tail - light fade . Dead quiet save my low Jazz . Fighting my drift . check my Hamilton . 10:00 . grimace . * I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no sense of time . exhaustion steal it . a full hour earlier than I tell * junior to meet I . I need sleep . * yawn . look up ... Lucille magdalena at she window . sudden . * startle : no blouse , pig-tail , big silver - dollar nipple touch / steam glass . pushes the curtain back even further . adrenaline cut through the lactic acid : wide awake now . I see she eye be not sex - placid or roll back -- they be scan -- hopeful to glimpse someone outside look back . * I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) * this routine have be do before . that old broad babbling about a peeper . the only other link to hector magdalena 's disappearance . * she hold she scan for a blink , a different smile , eye sex - placid now , roll - back now -- she just see what she be look for : hide eye stare back at she . I look to where I see she gaze kink ... unholster my .45 . get out quiet . 36 ext . 1284 south tremaine , neighborhood - night 36 cold for LA . walk / scan , .45 flush against my leg . stick to shadow . Cross the street : two home down . quiet step . closer : a snubbe cigarette smoulder in the gutter ... glance back up at the window , Lucille go -- a forearm shiver flash from nowhere blunt / blast the back of my head . nose - first into asphalt . too angry to black out . spit * blood and scream at the same time so it sound like drown : I stop - 52 . still unsure what hit I . pick - up my gun , clear my nose of gout blood , stand , weave : a figure in black , sprinting away : peeper . wipe away impact-tear , aim , realize my trigger * finger be dislocate -- bent back ugly . tuck the gun use my * leave hand to pop it back in -- deep growl -- re-aim : pop - pop - pop . the peeper pitch . visible in the streetlight : a red puff off he right shoulder . headlights at end of the block , behind I , come to life now - baritone of a big V - 8 . * peeper fight for balance , keep run . I sprint heedless , round the corner : follow a blood -trail , panting , bleed my own trail . lift my eye to see the peeper shoulder through a fence , vanish into a backyard . Neighborhood mutt yelp a chorus . I cross the street - - that headlight swerve hard in front of I : Black buick . I * look down in time to watch my knee detonate a quarter - panel . I bounce off like someone yank a leash . crumble - yell . hand pick I up . I fight back before I even see at whom I be swinging : square - jaw type , eye hide by Bureau derby . * Welles noonan get out of the passenger - side of the buick . punch I as hard as he can without provocation : nothing to write home about . my gun clatter to the ground . welle noonan that 's for sanderline Johnson . I ( nod at the peeper trail ) be you blind - welle noonan - what be you fire at ? I the only lead on magdalena -- we be after the same guy you idiot ! welle noonan ( to one of the goons ) - write that name down : ` magda-lee - to ' or ` magda-lay - na. ' ( back to I ) no , we be after you . but thanks for the name . sag under the weight of my own insomnia-fed stupidity . * 53. I ( v.o. ) assume the fed be smart . assume they be ready to stick a new probe into the lapd 's deal with hector , like Bradley warn , like everyone fear . but they have no * clue and I just hand they the whole God damn thing . ( beat ) like I say : I need sleep ... raise my face now , eye intent , chin out . I ( cont 'd ) first punch you ever throw noonan ? you Mom have to teach you how because dad be the same no -chin , Connecticut faggot you be ? noonan stop , turn back to I : blaze . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I think I hit the noonan family dynamic , dead - on . he wind up a overhand right : a big-bright flash , then * darkness that feel like lie down on a sunlit lawn . fluttering black : welle noonan ( o.c. ) Drop he . derby # 1 ( o.c . ) you do not want to take he in ? welle noonan ( o.c. ) I only want to bring he in when I know he will never leave . black dissolves to something lighter , then : 37 int . interrogation room - time unknown 37 horizontal . someone push a table and two chair to one side : space for the cot I be on . look up . junior look down : ` concerned ' be not strong enough . in he undershirt . he slip the red steno pad into he back pocket . sit up . a ball dress shirt in my hand , blood sop . gaze at my Hamilton , face crack , ` 5:16 be ' -- fritz koenig walk in , silver pitcher in hand . I gape up , still punchy . 54 . I coffee ? koenig Ice . Bradley 's on he way down . toss the dress shirt to the floor . junior stemmon that 's mine ... you need some * mop up . I who find I ? junior stemmon I do . I get there at eleven like you say , right as two black &amp ; white 's pull up : you be out * cold in a gutter `round the block . * ( this blithe little grin ) do noonan knock you out ? I he hit I with he car first . junior stemmon ( a nod to koenig ) the Captain be the only one here at this hour ... * look from junior and koenig to the window behind he -- Bradley steam - roll we way . to koenig , conspiratorial : * klein if I need you help later on , can I count on it ? koenig of course you can . take the pitcher from he , drop my head , douse myself , the cold cut cobweb . Bradley walk in , imperious . koenig move past -- ice form between the two . * koenig ( cont 'd ) Chief . BRADLEY what be you do here ? koenig the Lieutenant be thirsty . 55 . koenig close the door . I refuse to look up at Bradley . BRADLEY progress on magdalena . I point to junior -- happy to play teacher 's pet : * junior stemmon no fingerprint . clean crime scene . canvass the neighborhood . a senile neighbor do report a possible peeper - -rubbing the back of my head where the peeper bashed I - I - confirm peeper . Bradley turn to I : BRADLEY be that who knock you out ? I noonan knock I out . BRADLEY ( beat ) he 's have you tail then ... I and he know the magdalena name and that I be chase a suspect -- the * peeper Lucille strip for . * junior stemmon she know someone watch ? I and who he be . she have to . ( back to Bradley ) I want access to she juvie sheet or * whatever arrest record exist . * rumor be hector whore she out to * dealer he do business with . * BRADLEY that 's immaterial . * I * ( as my tooth grit ) * it be if you be eliminate she as * a suspect - * 56 . BRADLEY * - do you confirm they alibi ? * Point to the ever-studious junior . * junior stemmon * I speak with a Mr. and Mrs. Preston * mott of Santa Barbara , the parent * of madge magdalena nee mott and * they have confirm they visit and * also corroborate the argument that * result in they leave early . * BRADLEY * ( back to I now ) * one alteration to my previous order - I * - previous order be what ? assign the cop noonan blame for he dead box probe to the case that 's become he new crusade ? * Bradley conjure the Roman visage ... then slowly open the * door , stare hole in I . * BRADLEY * step out stemmon . * junior balk , look my way : try to mimic my sneer . I stand * and shove he toward the door . his look back at I : juda . * Bradley close the door behind he . * BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) * no direct approach on the mother or * the daughter . * I no. madge be a batter wife and * Lucille be a suborn whore . if * that 's not motive , what be ? you * want answer then we brace that * two hard . BRADLEY * if you do so directly , if they're * formally question then noonan may * find out and go after they with Federal warrant . 57 . I noonan will figure out who and what hector be sooner or later . * BRADLEY * yes he will , so we buy time , keep he busy - I - until when ? BRADLEY until Tom bethune vote on the floor of the city council in two day , ratify the official start of construction on dodger stadium - I - this be bigger than a fuck ballpark ! hector magdalena and narco be the powder - keg , blow the * whole Department to hell . * BRADLEY do not be dramatic , it look weak . right now , noonan need a pursuit , so I supply he with one - * I -me . you want I to draw he off - * BRADLEY - you have be draw he off . and the more he see you the less he will think of anything other than get you . now find Tommy and * take he alive . do not let noonan * get to he . as a potential major * case witness against the lapd , * Tommy magdalena be not just a powder - * keg , he 's a atom bomb . * Bradley walk . watch he disappear down the hall . I ( v.o. ) Bradley have a bigger angle and I be get close to it ... I just have not hit home . yet . * 58 . 38 int . squad room - day 38 in a clean T-shirt from my locker . head toward junior 's desk . all eye on my wound . I toss stemmon he shirt . I seltzer will take the blood out . junior bitchy , like some broad you stand up : junior stemmon I give you the shirt off my back * and you bash I ! * I when a Superior Officer tell you to leave the room , you leave the * fuck room . * junior ball the shirt , stuff it in he desk drawer . take a * deep breath . * junior stemmon I make a file on the bledsoe broad . the one you ask about . I thanks . but forget it . junior stemmon I spend a whole day put it together and this skirt 's get skeleton . remind , glance at my hand : " a I N G E " in smear ink . junior rip open a file , blather bledsoe preliminary : junior stemmon ( cont 'd ) shoplift in bakersfield at 17 . prostitution arrest at 21 . known associate of a kern County homicide victim , this convict pimp name dwight gillette , probably she pimp . stabbed to death in he home , weapon never recover - I forget it . burn it , s' not important now . take the file from he , flip through ; thorough , detailed . glenda prior scream back instant conviction . 59 . junior stemmon why be it not important ? Plant the file in he chest as my answer . I I need a address on a guy name ainge , George ainge - * junior stemmon - what about magdalena ? my temper turn threadbare . I - after you get the ainge address , * get back to the magda - junior stemmon ( pick up glenda 's file ) - be ainge related to this cunt ? snap-grit-grab he : button from he shirt pop , bounce . I we be partner in name only . you want to stay in the room next time , junior ? do something to impress I : like find that address . dig junior try to hide tear now behind that mad - dog glare : make I want to break the bone in he face . 39 int . my 1955 pontiac - morning 39 driving , run parallel to avoid fed tail . no Black buick ... but a Gray Packard shift behind I on a cadence . * I ( v.o. ) noonan replace the buick with a * Packard and a better shadow - man . * but I could still spot the tail . * run a red light at rossmore , leave the Packard behind . * I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) this jet-engine urge to see she . need it like a junkie do . no logic . just the push . 60 . driving past glenda 's house now . no corvette . driving past * the griffith Park ` vampire ' set : addict / crew roll up sleep bag . no corvette . pull the address list dandy hand I : talent domicile . pasadena . Howard 's fuck - pad supreme : a tudor mansion with airplane - shape hedge . a corvette in the drive . stop at the curb . open shade . flashes of she . gather something . check my Hamilton , look up as : knock -knock on my window . her face , inches-close . bag of grocery in she hand and this wry little smile : watch I kill Hughes 's new Dick with kindness . * Roll the window down , stay blank -slate . she feature my cut / bruise . her quiet , deep voice be like medicine : glenda bledsoe better look than the last guy Howard hire . once you heal . ( she recognize I ) wait a minute . you be there , the other night , the bethune Party ... * my heart jamme up into my throat . push past it . * I yeah . * glenda mickey tell I this ` bent cop ' everybody use to call - ( mock , I love it :) -` the enforcer ' be ask about I . told I to be careful . so you be lapd after all ... I in theory . glenda bledsoe you be go to arrest I for break and enter ? I depend . ( nod to grocery ) that Howard 's ? glenda bledsoe everything 's Howard 's . I except you . 61 . glenda bledsoe that 's why I leave . I you just shop here now ? glenda bledsoe some of we extras have not have a vegetable since Truman . I attack of the Atomic vampire ... glenda bledsoe ( smile , no flinch ) we can not all be audrey hepburn . plus it pay bill . I better than a billionaire do ? go make amend and finish out you service contract Ms. bledsoe . glenda bledsoe not if there be just one day leave on it . I why ? glenda bledsoe I be better than that . I you be also better than a star role in schlock horror flick that will never see a screen , regardless if it 's lead lady get ikidnap ' or not . * Drop that coffee cup from the other night into she bag . she 's beat , but bluff by . glenda bledsoe this be not the first time you have spy on I . I nor the second . 62 . glenda bledsoe ( beat ) well you have get I all giftwrap , enforcer - I - dave. you be on Hughes ' bad side Ms. bledsoe . it 's not a bright place to be . so please go - glenda bledsoe - glenda . ( this smile just for I ) and tell Howard I will take my chance with the fake vampire . and she twirl off , go ... watch she go ... my radio buzze . I klein . go ahead ... * dispatch message from a lester Lake : ask that you contact he immediately . ignition . gas. tire catch smoke as I peel away . 40 ext . pasadena payphone - day 40 out of dime , drop slug instead . Three ring , somebody snag it before the fourth . background reverb blare , bar racket . hear a mute male growl ` Club alabam ... ' I get I lester . this be Lieutenant klein , lapd - - click . fuck . Fish for another slug . redial . one ring . picked up , same background din - I ( cont 'd ) ( push this out pronto ) - this be lapd - put lester on the phone or I will have you liquor license and after-hour permit yank inside the hour ... a muffle back and forth before lester come on the line : lester lake Dave ? 63. I get you message . intercut : * lester lake girl that work here , gig the late set , the torch stuff Fridays and * Saturday , name of tilly hopwell . * I I see she sing the other night . lester lake I think she 's be truckin ' with Tommy mag . get pipe like ella but she 's a junk fiend : catch she * mainline in the lady room a month back . * I heroin ? Tommy get she hook ? lester lake dunno , but when he would get drunk , * he would trade horse for blowjob out * back a' the club . * I where 's this girl now ? * lester lake do not show up for work last night . * call a friend of hers , a waitress that work here too , say she be * at bido lito 's in Hollywood . Said * she be vhide out . ' I she actually say vhide out ? ' * lester lake then she get off the phone . fast . if tilly 's run with that demon , * you gotta get she out of there . she * get a lot more good in she than not - * - hang up . paw the phone book . tear out the address for bido * lito 's . 64 . 41 int . my 1955 pontiac - day 41 * driving . I ( v.o. ) smart Tommy . dodging darktown altogether . hole up in Hollywood . hiding in plain sight . 42 int . diner - day 42 back booth with a view of the street . bido lito 's across the way . eyeball the entrance and adjoin alley . on the table in front of I , mugshot : know Tommy magdalena associate . * mostly greaser kid with low - rent juvie sheet . * stare at that photo of Tommy . I ( v.o. ) stakeout work . browse mug . Match a face out front if I get lucky . wait till bido lito 's get busy before I make my move . 43 int . diner - night ( later ) 43 snub my last chesterfield , stifle a yawn , check my Hamilton . 9:20 pm . bito crowd bop out front . valet ballet . * scan ... spot a face ... pull my mugshot ... Steve wenzel , * okie white - trash from El monte , shove he way through the crush out in front of the club , hit the side alley . I be up . dump a pocketful of coin on the table . hit the door . 44 ext . STREET - continuous 44 Cross fast , play the wall and the shadow close . watch as wenzel climb step to a flop overtop of the club . get deeper into the alley : a padlock two - car overhang at the rear . grip my .45 , stock down , swing , split the lock . chain spool at my foot , slide inside the overhang ... a car conceal under a tarpaulin , peel it off slow ... revealing a red ` 32 Ford . * I ( v.o . ) * Tommy 's deuce . * pull the pig-sticker off my ankle , stab the Driver - side tire . * 65 . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) * now he 's on foot . * 45 int . second floor flop - continuous 45 Jimmy the door , slide inside silent . muffled sound through the floor , some jazz combo wail away at bido lito 's below . voice down the hall , male , laughter , goofball guffaw . George gobel on the tube : ` well , I will be a dirty bird ! creep in a crouch , my .45 at the hip , safety off . move toward the flicker at the far end of the hall . sound of pissing * nearby , ease around a doorjamb .45 first : bedroom barren , dust -cake mattress , a half dozen bottle of Old crow lie scattered among sash cord &amp ; use heroin spike . Light from the bathroom ... a pair of leg visible , female . Dark but pale , splay from inside the bathroom ... the right foot slowly move back and forth like the heel be try to gain some purchase on fast- drain life . somebody flush , zip up , step over the two leg . duck back into the hall as this greaser stinking of pomade waft past , weaving back toward the tv room . 46 int . bedroom - continuous 46 Inside . move fast now . a fist -size lump swell mid-chest , blossom into my throat . I do not want to see what I know be there . turn the corner : Club alabam songbird tilly hopwell . Three breath from death . a spike snap off in she greyish , motionless leave arm . her right hand claw at tile . this beautiful dark eye stare up at I like she be hope for someone sooner . throttle mark on she neck , one breast expose , bra pull down for a grope . I do not want to touch she face but I do ... she close she eye the moment my fingertip hit . that gas my hate . choke back sudden tear . voice behind I fuck you doin '? turn back . greaser in the doorway , brown - bag t- Bird hit the floor as he reach for he waist -- stand and shoot he in the throat . drive the .45 into he sternum like a blade before I fire the second - third - fourth shot . he fall / flail . * jump - shock from the other room . * 66 . I * police ! * body scramble . no word . just pistol fire through the half - * rotted wall -- punk take potshot . no compliance mean I * hit the hallway shoot back . firing dead - bang at a couple * flee silhouettes -- see they pop-stumble - fall - * - the archway above my head shred , collapse . somebody fire a sub-machine gun . flat on my ass , my back find the wall , * cough up plaster , sleeve my eye to see . then quiet , save the * rattle - clap of change clip . * I * put that GOD damn gun dow - * tommy magdalena ( o.c . ) - you set I up you cocksucker ! Machine - gun fire light up my leave side . Roll . taste floor * grime as subsonic zip snap close ... bullet miss by inch . * tommy magdalena - rat fuck cop ! you kill he * wilhite ! every part of I pause ... ` wilhite '... back door get blunt open , frantic footfalls recede . that big bent V - 8 on Tommy 's ` 32 deuce roar to life . up now , plow through the cloud of cordite . see one of Tommy 's pachucos propped up against the * wall , unhit , unhurt . Point my .45 and pull the trigger a I * pass . hit a empty chamber ... this punk 's lucky day . 47 ext . alley - continuous 47 out the door reloading as the ` 32 deuce barrel away . Tommy fire shot into the air to clear traffic . wenzel in the * passenger seat , scream to do the same . the Driver 's side rim * spark firework . * pandemonium out in front of bido lito 's as the crowd stampede ass -over-elbow . sprint to my car , inside , key * dispatch fast as I wheel rough off the curb : * I Shots fire , 1600 block of ivar . * suspect flee scene in red ` 32 * Ford deuce travel westbound on * wilcox , vehicle impair , intercept * at Hollywood Blvd - 67 . - horn blare as I slalom club-goer scramble across ivar . punch it over - top sunset , parallel to the deuce . rip a leave * on selma . stay on my radio : I - and I need a ambulance to respond to 1607 North ivar , second floor , female negro , possible overdose . up ahead I catch a firework show : the deuce gouge pavement * across the 4 - way . clip 90 mph catch up . squeal onto wilcox * as Tommy hook a right onto Hollywood . * two prowler pass the next second , siren light , full scream . * 48 ext . hollywood and vine - continuous 48 haul ass up to Hollywood , round it : see Tommy and wenzel sit upright , the deuce spun sidelong , fire m3 ` grease gun ' into the approach prowler . both car go helter - skelter under fire . six - pack spill to the street , belly * crawl , brandish .38 service snub and pop flimsy return fire . Tommy jump down , run , rifling he jacket for clip . wenzel stay atop the car -- gun my engine , split the abandon * prowler . wenzel look up mid-reload as I t-bone the ` deuce ' * at speed . the impact rocket he rag-doll end over end before * he bomb back down to the street , wet sack , multiple bruise / fracture / break ... blood pool in pint . Tommy wide - eye the heap that be wenzel . kick my driver 's * side door open fire . Tommy cut loose with that grease - gun , * spray wild . crouch - move as bullet thump wreckage and whiz by overhead . more siren approach . tuck behind the front end of the mangle ` deuce . ' another salvo from the grease - gun skip up off the pavement * in front of I . the six - pack have regroupe , start lay * down fire on Tommy . Tommy run now -- I be up on one knee , * aim , tucking into the .45 : take he leg but do not kill h- * - that Gray Packard materialize across the intersection in front of Tommy : shotgun blast from the driver 's side * backseat obliterate Tommy 's mid-section . * my mouth gape at what just happen ... then I remember to * fire at the Packard as it continue down the street , run * light extinguish , no plate visible . get to Tommy . crying . fading . Roll he on he back . * 68 . I ( cont 'd ) * where 's you father !? do wilhite * kill he !?- tell I ! - bubbling blood in place of word . mouth move like a * grouper 's ... get close ... he last gasp ... pray it 's profound . * he breathes out ... nothing . * 49 int . my 1955 pontiac - night 49 * driving . piss . radiator steam from under my crunch hood . * I ( v.o . ) * that Gray Packard : not the fed . * make they magdalena rival . I leave * bido lito 's too fast to catch a * tail . so where do they come from ? * 50 ext . 1284 south tremaine - day 50 magdalena home . pull up onto the front lawn . grab my brass * knuck from the glove box . out of my car . growl . a pair of * narco brim , wilhite 's boy , break wide on my approach . * junior stumble from the stakeout car , rush up the street toward I . junior stemmon Dave ? ( when I do not respond ) * Dave ! * 51 int . 1284 south tremaine - continuous 51 * Inside . madge , this vacant glaze , tear -smudge , mock mourn * with more booze and pill ... word of Tommy 's demise have * reach she . * I where 's Dan wilhite ? nothing from she . Music upstairs . climb the step two at a * time . Beeline Lucille 's room . shoulder the door off the jamb . * 52 int . lucille's bedroom - continuous 52 wilhite and Lucille in the middle of some close conversation . giant startle from both : * 69 . wilhite * klein get out of here ! * grab wilhite . he reek of bad scotch . present he like exhibit a to Lucille : I * do he kill you piece - a'- shit pimp * dad ? wilhite rip free . beet-re . I or be it that peeper across the * street that jack off to you sad * little show - * wilhite - GOD damn you ! * junior behind I . urgent : * junior stemmon * Dave , please ! chief BRADLEY ! * at wilhite : I * where 's magdalena 's body !? * lucille * fuck you cop ! * I * ( step to Lucille ) how much -- or be you giving it up * for free now ? * suck she steam : she know I know . her eye shoot to wilhite . * grab Lucille 's bruise arm . wilhite grab I in return . hear * footfalls come hard up the step , wilhite reinforcement . * wilhite * you fucking thug ! let go of her ! * I * you murder he ! that 's why the * dog do not bark : they know you - * - hand on I , rip / haul . bull -rush back into the hall * by wilhite 's boy . I spin free . wilhite flinch -trip . * junior too-close , plant my shoulder into he -- push off . * 70 . junior stemmon * ( reeling back ) * no direct approach on magd - * - grab wilhite hard , haul he into a hallway bathroom , slam * the door , lock it . * wilhite * what the fuck be you - * - shove he , show he the brass knuck - * I * - you be gonna shell it out for I * or I be gonna kick you tooth in ... * junior beat on the door . * I ( cont 'd ) * ( at the door ) * fuck off . * wilhite try to push past . gut -punch he hard , try to * rupture something . shove he back into the wall . drywall implode . he squeal / shriek , seize he shoulder . * wilhite * I outrank you klein ! be you out of * you mind ? brass knuck gleam , get close , kow he completely . * I * you finger Tommy for he father 's * disappearance and press I to do * the same to cover you ass ! * wilhite * he be the prime suspec - * I * - he be scream about `set -up , ' * and about how a ` cop ' kill hector * -- he think I be you wilhite . ( get closer , growl this ) the gray Packard that gun he * down show up three minute after * my dispatch call ... * wilhite * - so cop kill he too , be that * the kind of bullshit you wa - * 71 . I * - not just cop . narcotics cop . you * clip hector , then he kid become * collateral &amp ; you gotta clip he * too . * wilhite * - you be paddlin ' air pal . * I be i? where 's hector ? you can not file murder charge without a corpse . who know this ? cop know this - you would know this . wilhite - I be go to the review board and have you cite for - - keep he off balance . Big curveball - * I * - when would hector start pimping * Lucille ? * read it : that stung he ... * wilhite * what - * I * -- when do he start whore out he * own daughter to sweeten business * deal ? * wilhite I have no fuck idea what you be - I -he ever offer she to you ? * watch he face . something flicker . * wilhite * I be marry ! * I * and about to be divorced . have you * ever fuck Lucille ? * stare it out of he ... already pink feature go fuchsia . * 72 . I I do not care where you get you * dick wet wilhite . I care that * you be cover . twenty year dirty * with this fuck - up family ... you * secret must stink like rot . * Red and blue light strobe from outside . look : a unmark * caravan arrive . Bradley lead the charge , leaping from he * sedan . wilhite get a split-second 's worth of gloat / glee . * wilhite * you be worried about every wrong * thing klein . Bradley 's tee 'ing you * up to take a big fat fall - * I * - then we will hold hand on the way * down : look further up the street . * ( direct he gaze ) * the Black buick . * wilhite focus , see the fed inside , snap picture of * the magdalena home ... * I ( cont 'd ) * fed . they be all over this . you * think I be the only one that burn ? * two decade worth of twisted shit * between you division and the * biggest dope dealer in LA ? * wilhite wide -ey . slouch / sink down onto the toilet . * somebody beat on the bathroom door hard . Bradley 's voice * behind it . * I ( cont 'd ) * I know I be go down Dan ... that 's * the difference between you and I . * open the door . * 53 int . magdalena house - hallway - night 53 * shoulder past , start down the stair . Bradley follow . * BRADLEY * klein ! * hit the front door , move toward my car , junior and the * narco brim cagey , prime for another atomic outburst . * 73. Bradley still behind -- a prissy , patrician gait as he * catch up -- spook by that Black buick up the street . * BRADLEY ( cont 'd ) * I say `no direct approach ! ' * I * ( my back still turn ) * then what be you do here ? * BRADLEY * you be instruct to take Tommy * magdalena alive . do I have to * remind you of the coroner 's file - * I * ( turn on he , fierce ) * - enough of you ` sanderline ' * bullshit . * ( nod to the Black buick ) * I will checkmate with a admission of * guilt to noonan himself . * BRADLEY * ( sharp , shrill ) * keep you voice down ! * I * I will bargain immunity in exchange * for testimony on how the lapd * really run : magdalena dope profit * kickback , diskant run out of the * city council race on you word , * suspend cop pull shakedown . * I will give noonan a dozen new probe * for the one I kill . * Bradley stoic , assess I ... see only `fuck - you ' resolve . * BRADLEY * I be assume command of this * investigation myself . * I * what investigation ? Tommy 's murder ? * hector 's disappearance ? what be * you investigate ? * BRADLEY * you be on one month 's unpaid leave * as of this moment . * go right at he , cut he steam . * 74 . I * you be scamm something big . * BRADLEY * - if you make any further inquiry * into this case I will strip you of * rank , have you pension revoke and * walk that coroner 's file into the * Times myself ... stay away from this . * see red . Launch . try to wrap my hand around he throat . * watch he feather back just out of reach . junior and a pair * of six - pack restrain I . * I * what 's you fuck angle Bradley !? * his eye beam back doom . * BRADLEY * you be do klein . soon . * 54 int . my 1955 pontiac - continuous 54 * reach the car , slide in , anger in aftershock rattle across * still ball fist . junior at my window blather white * noise . he might as well be speak Greek . * junior stemmon * Dave listen : do not do anything else * to jeopardize yourself ... I can * protect you ... I have be put * some thing together - * rip my radio , punch the call button . klein Central , this be klein , I need a update on that overdose I call in . what 's the girl 's condition ? static . wait . anger make my eye ache , fuzz my focus . dispatch Lieutenant klein , the girl , tilda hopwell be pronounce d.o.a. at Hollywood presbyterian Hospital - rage flare , slam the radio into the dash console , crush it - fist flex , blood seep from a batter knuckle , look at * my hand : blood drool over the faint remain of the pen - * scrawle `a I N G e'... glare up at junior : * 75 . I * ( god-like import ) * George ainge 's address . * 55 ext . row house - culver CITY - night 55 * up the walk , junior tailing , feel he stare . * junior stemmon * you be in no state to conduct yourself as a Police offic - I * - shut up . do not identify yourself , * do not badge he , do not talk . * black . then a light turn on somewhere : my gun in a round * man 's face just through he front door . GEORGE ainge . * 56 int . GEORGE ainge's pad - night 56 * tough ainge : he do not flinch . drop he lunch - pail slow . * take off he jacket : jail - house tattoo abound . he sit . * I * how do you know glenda bledsoe ? * junior 's vbetray ' look : this guy be tie to that cooze . * GEORGE ainge * knew that whore would try to muscle I - * I * - do not call she a whore again . * laugh in my face : * GEORGE ainge * if you give she as many paycheck * as I , you would know ` whore ' fit * like a fuckin glov - * - I grab a chair cushion , put the .45 against it , fire a * muffle round that blow ainge 's hair back as it pass . * junior twitches hard enough to spot himself . ainge jabber : * GEORGE ainge ( cont 'd ) * she fuck for a fee ! Jesus Christ * she 's a pro ! what be she pay to * get that blade back - * 76 . - get the gun in he face , burn he nose with the barrel . * I * what ? what `blade ? ' * GEORGE ainge * what 's she pay you to recover * she knife ? just then junior banana peel it -- deliberately : * junior stemmon * Lieutenant ! * a hate -scowl for junior : try to put enough heat behind it * to melt he head . ainge light up . * GEORGE ainge * y'all be cop !? * I * shut you mouth . * ainge see I bent on glenda . look past I , past the gun in * he face , aim right at junior . * GEORGE ainge * back in ` 50 , glenda the good witch * put a blade in she pimp `bout as * deep as I put my pink in she , this * mongrel name dwight gillette . * junior fix I , pull that steno , start scribbling openly -- * I grab it , shred it . ainge grin at the voodoo between we . * GEORGE ainge ( cont 'd ) * could use a couple lapd favor , and * be not guttin ' a pimp still a crime ? * junior stemmon * ( aim at I ) * Capitol crime . * GEORGE ainge * guess who she ask to hold the * knife ? guess why she bring I in * on this kidnap thing ? it be she * way a' buy it back - * I * - show it to I . * 77 . GEORGE ainge * I will have my lawyer take a picture * of it for you - * - throw he tv at he head : legitimately try to kill he * now and he know it . off he chair , crawl . * junior stemmon * stop ! * ( more question than * statement ) * you be not bent on a ex-whore ! * I grab the shattered tube : throw it again . Big pop inch * from ainge . angry at myself for miss twice : * I * GOD damn it - * junior stemmon * - he's a material witness to a murd - * - grab junior , sharp jab he , push he out a door for the * second time - * junior stemmon ( cont 'd ) * - you will cease and desist klein - * - final push with my foot give I enough room to dead - bolt it * behind he . ainge can not fit under he bed . * GEORGE ainge * I ain't resisting you ! * I * I be not arrest you . * flip the mattress . Teen tit mag and jack - off sock fly with * it . ainge under pine slat . panic . I put my foot through , * bash he gut -- rip he out from underneath . * I ( cont 'd ) * ( hiss ) * where be it ? * ainge unable to speak , gasp for air . step to he closet : * shred hinge when I open it . rip the clothes rod down : * nothing . pull shelf from the wall : a louisville slugger * fall at my foot . I smile . ainge go frightwig . step to he . * I ( cont 'd ) * where ?! * 78 . swing it into a wall . gaping hole in holster . bring it back like Babe Ruth over he head . I ( cont 'd ) * - that blade or you life . * door bashed open behind I -- deadbolt assembly pop , piece * hit I -- then something big / black - metallic end my night : * junior , tear - streak cheek , ainge 's mailbox in -hand , pull * free from the stucco . I drop . ainge turn cheerleader : * GEORGE ainge * nice ! * Roll to my knee : guttural groan I can not place because * they be mine . junior rip a radio cord from the wall , wrap * it around my neck , pull my head back , feel he tear hit my * shoulder . vein in he arm go pop . eye in my head go pop . * junior stemmon * last time you push I out a door ! * for a dirty split-tail ! you be - * ( cinch hard ) - not drag I down ! if Bradley do not get you , noonan will ! and - ( through gritt - tooth ) * - you be gonna burn all by yourself ! - go black . then eye open ... out for hour / day / month ... what ? * feel. hangman 's bruise form around my neck . junior and * ainge go . floorboard under ainge 's bed pried -up . crawl to * the hole : a hide spot , empty of whatever be in it . * I ( v.o . ) * call it : the knife be here . ainge * be crawl under he bed not to * escape I , but to hand it over . too * hate - wire to see it . * I check my watch : 11 pm . * I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) * junior the player . junior the * underestimate . junior the former * evidence teacher : a murder weapon , * a witness , a two -hour head -start . * 57 ext . ainge's place - next moment 57 * few look from few neighbor . no siren . thank God gunshot * and scream be school - night in this slum . get into my car . * 79 . 58 int . my 1955 pontiac - next moment 58 * my glove box rip open , content go . * I ( v.o . ) * junior the flush : my $ 5000 down - * payment from Hughes go . junior * the merciful : he should have put a * bullet in my brain . * 59 int . precinct - late night 59 * nobody around this late . only a desk sergeant on the doze . * Zero - in on junior 's desk , search it : file square , pencil * in precise alignment , evidence book array alphabetically . * I ( v.o . ) * everything inspection neat . no * mail , no personal item . Eagle * scout perfect . * rip at a lock return , jimmy the desk drawer , feel the * underside for a key -- zilch . slide under , look ... nothing . * sit up , grab he phone , dial out ... * female voice ( o.s. ) * what ? * I * meg wake up Pete . * meg ( o.s. ) * ... Jesus Christ ... * rustling and whisper . * pete ( o.s. ) * take some pill , will you ? * I * I will give you a grand to locate and * tail junior stemmon . * pete ( o.s. ) * you partner ? * find a letter opener , fuck it -- pry the drawer loose . * I * past tense . * 80 . pete ( o.s. ) * two grand . * pop . the lock snap . ease it open ... * I * done . tell I what he do , who he * talk to , where he go , and if * he 's get this mutt name George * ainge stashed somewhere . * look inside . Red steno pad . a small orderly pile . pull one , * thumb it -- blank . * pete ( o.s. ) * a-i - n-g-e ? I yeah . pete ( o.s. ) what 's stemmon ' address ? I * I be work on it . * hang up . voice arrive . hustle to my desk , sit , grab a * reverse directory , fake flip through it as fritz koenig and * two robbery blueshirt arrive , seizure bag over they * shoulder . I clear sweat and leftover blood with my sleeve , * try to look busy as koenig sidle up . * I ( cont 'd ) * ( nod to shoulder bag ) * you moonlight ? koenig do some ad hoc dope seizure for Dan wilhite . ( that shark grin ) still love take the occasional door down . I you be bear for the street fritz . I never feature you for the suit and tie set . koenig we be of a common bloodline boy-o. I where would you get that haul ? 81 . koenig * ( drop bag ) * some reform spic dope dealer * that normally dabble in reefer . * koenig , he knuckle and fingernails cake with blood , pull * a three - pound brick of heroin from the bag . * koenig ( cont 'd ) * seize from Chavez ravine . thirty * pound . the City be crack down * on the dread to make room for * they beloved dodger . they remove * the mexican , we remove the rest . * scramble a joke to keep koenig from look at I too closely ... I * why ? they could hawk heroin right * along with peanut and hot dog . * have the whole bleacher section * goof on horse . * koenig laugh big , re-shoulders the bag . * koenig * a new find dedication this day ? * what 's prompt such odd hour ? * I * play catch -up . * koenig * the boy Chief seem to be run * both of we rag . * I * he curry favor with Chief parker with this Chavez ravine sweep ? koenig parker appreciate Bradley 's political skill ... and the addition of a professional Ball -club to we fare city fulfill he own personal mandate of a cleaner , brighter , LA . I sound boring . 82. koenig stale milk to I too . and how be you faring ? be we visit U.S. Attorney still in hot pursuit ? look up . let he see it in my face : humorless and half light . I * borrow time fritz . * koenig * anything I can do ? * I * yeah ... a small favor . * ( beat ) * stemmon home address if you have * it . he 's in a bit of a bind . * koenig * ( beat ) bigger than you own ? * I * a lot bigger . * 60 ext . pay phone - later 60 * Drop loose change . dial . Pete pick up on the first ring . * I * 3160 rossmore . apartment # 6 . * pete * do you want I to clip stemmon ? * I * not yet . by now , he 's stashed * ainge , so he 's travel solo . * pete * who 's this ` ainge ' clown anyway ? * I * not important . * pete * oh , milteer want a progress report * on the Movie Broad -- bledsoe - * - hang up . Roll to my car . * 83. 61 ext . glenda's house - night 61 * late . pull in , plop the dishrag load with ice on the front * seat . blood still seeping , slick it back in my hair . step * from the car -- woozy / weaving , the goose -egg on my head feel * like a hand grenade . * up the front walk , lean on the doorbell . she answer , silk * chemise barring tan shoulder , she hair sweep up a long , * perfect neck . if she just wake up , she do not look it . * glenda bledsoe * I could say something witty about * " gentleman caller at this hour , * cover in blood " but -- * no time to trade repartee . out with it : * I * George ainge . * she go rigid , clutches she robe . glenda bledsoe * be that he ? * ( off my nod `ye ' ) be he dead ? * I * no. but I know about dwight * gillette and the knife you be * try to barter back . all of it . * like I punch she in the mouth . her face : embarrassment cut * with confusion . she recover quick , steel herself . * glenda bledsoe * then why be you here ? y'should be * pick up a paycheck from Hughes . * I * I be not watch you for he * anymore . * glenda bledsoe * ( beat ) if you be plan on shaking I * down for vfavor , ' go pick - up you * paycheck Mr. klein . or be you * be a policeman right now ? * 84 . I * the good one be call * ` policeman . ' the bad one be * call ` cop . ' I be a cop . * she step closer . I can smell she . * I ( cont 'd ) * another `cop ' have this information * on you . he have the murder weapon * too . he might use it against you * before I can stop he . can you go * somewhere ? * glenda bledsoe * you be protect I ? you do not * even know I ... * I * just the part you wish I do not . * the place in topanga Canyon where * you go to hole up for the * kidnap thing . be it safe ? * she nod , drift somewhere , a part of she life think dead , * threaten everything again ... * I ( cont 'd ) * get you coat . * 62 int . car - night 62 * driving . glenda close . I want to pull she closer . we wind * along topanga Canyon . constant mirror check , look for * packard / buick / ghost ... see nothing ... I roll my window * up . Light jazz on the radio give way to the news : * announcer * - kgfj news at the top of the hour . * U.S. Attorney Welles noonan today * announce he intention to probe * what he call `widespread * corruption ' within the Los Angeles * Police Department and promise a * equally widespread round of * criminal indictment before - * - click it off . abrupt . she notice , say nothing . after another half mile she point to a side road : 655 topanga cyn * rd on the mailbox . I pull in . a gravel drive give way to a * bungalow , tuck into the tree . * 85 . I * do ainge know about this place ? * glenda bledsoe * no . I do not want to tell he till * after . I * good . * put the car into `park . ' idle . she look over , she eye * ask something . I hold she gaze , hesitate , then : * I ( cont 'd ) * nothing 's go to happen to you ... * she fret with she hair , she eye glassy . * glenda bledsoe * I do not know that . * I * I be not gonna let it . * a beat ... I want to grab she and kiss she . I convince myself * otherwise , grab a card from my coat and a pen , scrawl . * I ( cont 'd ) * this be my sister 's number . name be * meg. call if there be problem . * Hand she the card . we touch . I linger . so do she . * I ( cont 'd ) * sleep . glenda bledsoe impossible . I I too . 63 int . my car - night 63 driving . blood-shot . slowly be squeeze on all side . I ( v.o. ) look for leverage . figure out Bradley 's angle before I fry . madge and Lucille in custody . no hector and no Tommy equal no lead . save one . 86 . 64 ext . santa monica HOTEL - early a.m. 64 * slouch in my front seat , watch a small flop - style motel * near the beach . I ( v.o. ) Dan wilhite . ( beat ) dispatch shot I he temporary address . some beach flop he fle to after he wife put he out . check my Hamilton : 7:32 am . a car pull into the parking lot . two suit step out , ramrod straight , starch officious : process server if ever I have see they . one of they bear a seal envelope as they walk to room # 11 and knock . no answer . they knock rude . I roll down my window . Dan wilhite answer in a robe : groggy -piss -hungover . before he utter a word , he 's hand the seal envelope and the pair depart . wilhite call after , tear open the envelope and read what 's inside ... then reread it . gauge he reaction : ruin . he put he hand on top of he head ... like he 's try to protect it from the sky that be now fall down around he . another big pause stare at nothing ... then he just calmly walk back inside the room , close the door behind he . 65 ext . santa monica HOTEL - next moment 65 out of my car . quietly hustling up to wilhite 's door : reach it and hear a distinct pop -- see the flash - snap from behind the curtain : gunshot . I know what it be . hit the door . 66 int . wilhite's room - next moment 66 wilhite 's service revolver a foot away from one hand , a sheet of paper still grip in the other . body half onto the bed , half off . blood drain from a round wound in he temple . check behind I , nobody come - close the hotel door . pick up the sheet of paper / content of the envelope . the first word I see : subpoena . I ( v.o . ) my first think , pure panic : noonan figure the narco- magalena connection . 87 . flip the subpoena over to see he signature : not noonan' . this subpoena have be issue and sign by LA District Attorney Bob gallaudet . flip it back over , wide - eye : I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but it be not a Federal subpoena . wilhite be be call to testify by Bob gallaudet , a man who do not piss without Bradley 's say -so . ( beat ) Bradley try to beat noonan to the punch and burn the lapd himself ... why ? 67 ext . parking lot - later 67 a quick check of the lot . empty . a housekeep cart sit nearby . swipe a bottle of bleach from it . walk to wilhite 's studebaker powerhawk . pop the trunk , return to he room . move quick . fireman 's carry , dump wilhite 's body in the trunk . toss he service .38 too . pour the bottle of bleach to stanch the inevitable rot smell . I ( v.o. ) swap my car for wilhite 's . the former head of the lapd 's narcotics division dead in the trunk . call it the leverage I be look for -- he body can buy I out of bad spot - - and that 's when I see it : a bandage poke out from under * wilhite 's collar ... undo a couple button , lift the bandage . * flash to : 68 ext . 1284 south tremaine - night 68 * bam : I hit from behind by the peeper . bam : I fire at the * peeper . hit he in the leave shoulder . bam : grabbing wilhite 's * shoulder in the magdalena bathroom , he howling in pain . * return to : * 69 int . wilhite's garage - next moment 69 * the kind of wound a graze bullet leave . * 88. I ( v.o . ) * wilhite be the peeper . bent on * Lucille , a girl young than he * youngest daughter . call it grounds for divorce ... call wilhite hector magdalena 's murderer ... slam the trunk as wilhite 's glaze eye stare back at I . 70 ext . STREET - a.m. 70 * slow cruise , new ride mean no tail . check my mirror * anyway . back to the pad , back -street all the way . * 71 int . my home , hollywood hill - a.m. 71 * rounding the corner -- break hard : that same process server lean on my doorbell now . I Bradley try to bury I too . that subpoena mean my fifteen year career with the lapd just go up in smoke . continue past . that process geek keep buzzing my doorbell . 72 int . breakfast joint pay - phone - morning 72 Drop dime . dial Pete . I hey - pete ( o.s. ) - junior 's leave the fuck planet . I you find he ? pete yeah . I swing by he apartment , car be out front . I scope it : a saw - off shotgun in front , can tuna in the back seat . think he 's live outta that car . after he leave , I try to get inside he place : the front door be triple pad-lock . 89 . I ( out loud ) that knife be in there - pete - the what ? shit. ignore it , maybe Pete will too . I meet I down the street from he place . you get bolt cutter ? pete I will bring `em . I thirty minute . 73 ext . apartment complex - day 73 junior 's stucco-beige apartment building loom a block up . cursory check of the rear and side- view mirror . san tail as I pull the powerhawk in behind Pete 's caddy . step out , sidle up driver 's side . pete who 's car be that ? I Long story . pete junior look real skeeze this morning . like he be on a dope jag . I yeah ? pete sweat up like a stick pig . and be careful . he be fuck around with he front door before he leave . I do not know what he be do . I two honk if he show . then meet I in the alley , back of he place . 90 . pete ( hand I bolt - cutter ) what about this bledsoe broad ? milteer have call I twice . I ( take the bolt-cutter ) one thing at a time pal . 74 ext . junior' apartment build - day 74 hustle across the street . hang my badge over my shirt - pocket . 75 int . junior' apartment build - moment later 75 up three flight . junior : # 303 : three padlock : hinge / receiver hardware extend between door and jamb . Three kick and a shoulder to splinter the door . stop , look : some kind of twine stretch taut , just inside the door ... trip -wire . pull my pig - sticker , extend it between door and jamb ... see the twine stretch tighter -- flick the blade , snag twine , slice it . stand . put my boot into the door full . snap at the hinge . 76 int . apt . 303 - next moment 76 move slow . examine close : eye-bolt pulley system , jerry - rig around the door . severe twine attach to the trigger of a shotgun tape atop a jello mold at knee level . continue to look around . sex - horror grimace : like catch pop finger mom. junior 's place a tiny , filthy one bedroom . I ( v.o. ) junior the insane : you could not hide what he be hide in 1958 LA , and not have it rot you mind . bear trap barely hide under sheet . rat-traps garnish with razor blade across the floor . smell rotten flower : he shirt that I wear / ble - on crumpled on he pillow -- yellow jizz stain cover black blood stain . stifle a gag . Card table : a empty green-band evidence bag . gape at it . then walk over , read the abstract : 1284 South tremaine . I ( v.o. ) junior steal evidence from the magdalena crime scene . 91 . then I see the bookcase . top shelf : Police manual . bottom two shelf : wall - to- wall red steno -pad , all exactly the same brand . shock. step over . flip through they : tiny , architect - neat script cover every page . the run dialogue of a functional fuck freak : magdalena residence . 1284 S. tremaine . recovered : magdalena financial record / ledger . some entries redacted . translated `hh ' into `hurwitz holding ' after recovering mail . seem suspicious . bring to attention of klein . brushed off . PRESS in spite of klein' laziness or lack of interest . a hand draw cock doodle beneath that , then below : dave wearing form -fitting shirt today . handsome . I want to pull it - - drop the steno like it might bite . pick up another : same drill . welle noonan will win out . klein not skilled or smart enough to duel with a U.S. attorney much less the FBI . deep admiration for noonan' cause . he purpose be pure . don't want to get dragge down with poison pill klein . make he pay for patronizing I . pick up yet another , hand shaking , turn to the last page : make klein hurt like I hurt . trade he . trade everything . trade up to the bureau . think of it : agent richard stemmon JR . proud - proud . 1 dream down , 10,000 to go ! I ( v.o. ) junior the climber , trading I up to noonan . thinks bootlick will buy he a Bureau gig . now , rifle for that knife . systemically destroy the place . dump the stenos in a trash can , sift for match , strike , watch the pad catch and floosh , feed the fire with random paperwork , sift -- junior 's cock - obsessed doodle scribble by the dozen . under the bed now , carpet cover in rat-trap . spring they , clear a space . a box : beefcake booty , gay smut mag , gay classified ad . first -person perspective Polaroid of junior 's stomach be kiss by the diskant quiff and vice - versa . open a massive steamer trunk against a far wall . arsenal : handgun , shotgun , a surplus m - 1 . dump it , kick content . only interested in that knife . 92 . move into he kitchenette . check the freezer even though junior be smarter than that : amyl-nitrate popper , vodka , benzedrine , cocaine . Close it . look down . stop : indent in the cheap tile floor from where the refrigerator use to sit . pull to see what 's behind . eye catch the bear- trap near the bed as I tug : ugly-rusted - wait . stop part ii : contort , peer behind the refrigerator : a pineapple - shape hand grenade duct - tape to the wall , next to a build - in safe . my narrator voice ( v.o. ) the safe scared I more than all of it because a safe do not get install overnight ... he would be work on something , plan something ... twine lead from the grenade 's pin to the back of the refrigerator . my bolt - cutter snap it . pull the refrigerator out now . the safe bolt into the drywall . stare at it : the dial , the black paint-job ... CUT to : load shell into the shotgun that be atop that jello mold . back into the kitchen . exhale . begin blasting . massive noise . six shot . reload fast : nothing can muffle this clatter . second volley . eye close to keep chunks of drywall out . gagging on gunsmoke . rip at the safe -- something give . third volley . the safe hit the floor , leave a hole . through the ringing in my ear : something that sound like honk . Quick peek : Pete go . a Black buick with two white - wall feds up front . then junior get out of the backseat ... scoop the freezer drug , the stack of man-porn , the snapshot , and toss a whole armful into the hallway in front of junior 's door . grab the green-band evidence bag and tuck it under my arm . back into the kitchenette . turn on the gas but do not light the burner . pull the grenade off the wall . drag the safe to the rear of he place : the fire escape . 77 ext . FIRE escape - next moment 77 out the window , on the escape , toss the evidence - bag down to Pete , then push the safe over the railing . feature it almost crush the back of Pete 's idling cadillac . Pete jump , yell : pete asshole ! 93. I get it open if you can and meet I back at meg 's ! do not move until I pull the pin on the pineapple , drop the pin down on he . he jump back in , peel off - 78 int . junior' apartment build - next moment 78 - junior on the second - floor landing , head to he place . bloodshot bleary wide eye , spun on a combo of drug , the fed herding he like a rabid dog : junior stemmon stay right here . I will get it all and come back . do not move . 79 ext . FIRE escape - same moment 79 ricochet the grenade back into the kitchen . Leap down half a flight : put exterior brick between my head and the - - big boom -- the grenade go off . 80 int . junior' apartment build - same moment 80 junior knock on he ass halfway up the last flight . fed come sprinting . scream junior tackle one on the way up . junior ' front - door blow off . terrify neighbor greet with image of sodom scattered from the explosion : drug , mag , dildo . the fed that do not get tackle pick up a photo : junior kissing a hairy stomach . and junior 's mind snap cleanly in -half . crawl away growl like a bear catch in one of he trap . 81 ext . alley - next moment 81 I step calm . clear the alley slow . do not let you stride give you away . another Black buick arrive . more Bureau stiff . keep move . looky - loos pop up along the block , point . I be the only one not look back toward junior 's now flame pad . the powerhawk still another street up . Fire engine wail close . shout from behind now . look back : a Bureau putz point my way -- one of the buick tear up the block toward I . 94 . I ( v.o. ) call it . keep go and give up wilhite 's car and the corpse inside , or lay back and deal with noonan 's buzzcut . lace my finger behind my head , turn to face they -- catch a form tackle from this geek up junior G - man diving from the buick , drive he shoulder and take I down sprawling . 82 int . L.A. federal build - later 82 Welles noonan stare . he pick nip / mutilate fingernails . I ( cont 'd ) Civil servant can not afford manicure ? welle noonan break and enter , theft , and willful destruction of private property ... and I will add attempt murder to the current first degree murder charge I be about to file against you . I proof . if you have it , you would not be fuck around with shitty shakedown routine -- you would file . coercion equal confession . so let 's see you pound it out of I . welle noonan where be the file you steal from sergeant Richard stemmon . I junior . you secret weapon right ? I mean , I know J. Edgar be a slant fuck , but traditionally `vicious fag ' do not make the best major case witness . ( beat , keep push ) I be worried that burn dildo may have damage he credibility . welle noonan oh I do not need he testimony klein . I will just force yours . 95 . I not if you have the next hundred year . welle noonan sanderline Johnson , you link to Sam giancana to mickey Cohen , extortion , bribe , murder - for-hire . I will put you in every pair of cross - hair I can find . I will torch everything you have ever touch . you have no idea how deep I run klein . and how far I be willing to go to fuck you - I - everyone know I be a piece - a-shit . what be you prove ? Bradley 's the guy flanking you right now . the guy who 's vulnerable right now . welle noonan you be all angle and graft klein . why trust a God damn word that come out of you - I - you do anything with the magdalena case ? welle noonan ( throw ) prelim : drug pusher go miss , presume dead , we be investigat - I ( scoffing ) - deal drug for 20 year ! arrested once . Hall a' fame career ! you photograph the head of narco in - front of he house ... welle noonan and ? I Jesus Christ , you need cue card ? ( sell this fucker now ) come after I : you get I . go after what I can give you and you get the lapd 's power - set on a slab . 96 . welle noonan I do not believe you would turn . treacherous yes , traitorous no . tell I where stemmon ' file be . I I will bring they to you . welle noonan you be not leave here klein . I then like I say : you only get I . noonan stand , firm : welle noonan I will take it . on he way out I speak fast -- the last ace in my deck : I I give you the body of Dan wilhite , head of lapd 's narcotics division . proof of a 20 - year criminal collusion between he department and hector magdalena and my testimony to link the dot . ( beat , make he believe ) then I leave LA for good . noonan at the door : please bite - please bite ... but he just smirk , walk out . Real panic now : no idea on what come next . 15 second . door open again : one of noonan 's deputy push a sheet . scan it : Federal Witness agreement . noonan back : two cup of coffee . read it over . welle noonan what happen to wilhite ? I suicide . welle noonan like sanderline Johnson ? ignore he . sign the agreement . welle noonan ( cont 'd ) get I stemmon file and wilhite 's body by noon tomorrow . gulp the coffee back , the burn feel good . 97 . I no more tail . I do not want anyone else incriminate . welle noonan agreed . I ( nod to agreement ) I get a copy of that ? welle noonan after a judge sign it . now leave . stand-nod - take my coffee-leave . door close . noonan shred the Witness agreement . toss it in the trash . off the baffle deputy . welle noonan ( cont 'd ) we wait for he to deliver , then we arrest he . you never see that agreement . deputy # 1 tail he ? welle noonan no . let he get comfortable ... let he believe I . 83 int . cab - night 83 backseat . suborn cabby drive fast . lapd on board . I ( v.o. ) running out of room , time , both . trapped between Bradley and noonan . jump out of the cab , into wilhite 's powerhawk . slide in , slam the door . 84 int . meg' place - later 84 bust in shaking . teeth chatter like I be freezing . Pete in the garage adjacent the kitchen , welder 's goggle and a power drill , punch hole in junior 's safe . pete I know what fed look like -- that be fed with junior ... 98 . I yeah and they make I leave the scene . have to barter out . pete barter what ? I my testimony . I sign a Federal Witness agreement . Pete drop the drill . pete you what ? I it 's bullshit . noonan 's get no intention of honore it . ( beat ) they want stemmon file though . I think junior 's be work angle for awhile , do he own investigation . pete what do you do to he place ? Nice quiet neighborhood one minute , nagasaki the next . I ( point to safe ) he have a hand grenade tie to that . ( as Pete resume drilling ) how much longer do you need ? pete few more hour . maybe . junior do not skimp on this thing . I gotta bore right through the face plate . ( beat ) you get some time now , why do not you get milteer off my back and go work that bledsoe broad . I you read my mind . 85 ext . topanga canyon bungalow - night 85 pull in . glenda 's vette park behind . light on low inside . 99 . 86 ext . / int . bungalow - moment later 86 the door open . she 's dress for bed . I do not hesitate , afraid she will shun I . move to she , she do not startle . a arm around she waist , draw she in , my mouth close to hers . I take she face in my hand , check she eye , a beat before they tell I it 's okay ... I lean in , take a lifetime ... and kiss she soft until she kiss back , she mouth move over my split lip , she put she hand on my face , pull I in . she feel exactly like I imagine . my coat come off . her camisole follow . we be move toward a bed in back . I stop , pull back , the moonlight move over she shoulder . I whisper : I ... tell I if I be be too rough . tear squeeze through smile eye , she kiss I even harder , pull I down to she . we make love like we have never touch another . everything blur , burn down : Bradley . wilhite . Tommy . hector junior . ainge . she take it all away . I escape into she . hour fall . I could stay here forever ... 87 int . bedroom - later 87 lying there , stare at she . a silence and peace I have never know . not once . I tell I anything . tell I everything . label she surprise , she brow that furrow and unfurrow just as quickly . a long moment as she waiver ... commit : glenda bledsoe where would I start ? I why here ? glenda bledsoe why l.a.? ( this amazing smile ) why be anybody here ? want the rest of the world to know who they be . 100 . I you ? glenda bledsoe no ... I do not think so . ( beat ) I just love it . I grow up in Seattle . my aunt , every week , she would take I to the movie . I watch she ... tuck she hair back over he shoulder . glenda bledsoe ( cont 'd ) * the idea that you can outlive yourself ... that a part of you go on , long after you be go . ( beat , grin ) sound silly do not it ? ` attack of the Atomic vampire ' be - I - you ticket to immortality ? make she laugh . swear a thousand silent oath to protect she . he face slowly go dark . glenda bledsoe Hughes tell I he could get I in for this screen test two year ago . Movie with Gregory peck at universal . he think he be humoring I ... until I get it . they offer I the role ... there in the room . so Howard , who I be sure never think in a million year I would land that part , make some phone call and just like that they do not want I anymore . ( beat ) nobody call now . I can not get in to see any studio casting people . he 's ruin I in that circle . I and you still want it - glenda bledsoe - bad enough to put on a silly cheerlead skirt and try to make the most god - awful dialogue sound decent . 101 . I surrounded by wino in werewolf suit . ( she laugh , I laugh ) that 's ... dedication . glenda bledsoe or desperation . depend on the day . the laughter ebb , she eye still shine . glenda bledsoe ( cont 'd ) I will get there though . ( beat ) I will get there . I let the silence take ... try not to shatter it with : I dwight gillette . she do not blanch . glenda bledsoe he ask I to take he `niece and nephew ' to they cousin in oxnard . this beautiful , funny little kid . ( tear she do not swipe ) I drop they off . do not ask any question -- I believe dwight . a week later I see they picture in the Post Office . a week after that they little body come in on the tide near San pedro . ( beat , tear stream ) I will never shake the think that maybe that poor kid think I be part of it . that I know what be go to happen to they . so I pray to God that he let they look in when I put that knife into dwight . ( beat ) but I will never ask he forgiveness for do it ... ( beat , clear she eye ) why do they call you `enforcer ? ' she actually get closer , I can feel she breath on I . I I have kill 44 man . 102 . she blanch , but never blink ... never take she eye away from mine . I ( cont 'd ) 33 for war. 2 for principle . 9 for profit -- mostly . why do you sign with Hughes , know what he be ? glenda bledsoe ` for profit -- mostly . ' silence . a feel like : `and there we be ... ' I I be not much good . glenda bledsoe I neither . she touch my quake . two breath with she hand on mine and it all go quiet : the shake , the image , the fear . she take my head , pull I to she bare breast . the only thing audible : my breathe , a clock tick . both slowly fade out . black . wake up quiet , look at my Hamilton . 6 am . sit up slow . look back at she , sleep , just stare . I lean down , kiss she lightly , she taste linger , inhale she , hold that ... it 's the last good thing you will get today . 88 int . meg' house - early a.m. 88 Dark . stay quiet . maneuver into the kitchen . turn on a light . on the table : safe open , it 's content laid - out neatly , short - stack of file , $ 1000 in twenty . I sit , start search for something else ... Pete 's voice behind I : pete ( o.c . ) the knife be not there . file on top of that middle pile : George ainge in a vundisclose locale . ' I do not turn . Pete sit next to I . set a shotgun down . pete junior document everything like a fuck monk. ( pull a file ) like here : `has evidence ' you murder sanderline Johnson . ( more ) 103 . pete ( cont would ) kept track of isuspect contract killing ' you pull for the mob . look at Pete . Dark ring , deathb eye . I you be up all night ? pete in -case stemmon make a house -call . he 's get every goddamn address of everybody you know ... ( beat , hard ) and you should have tell I about the bledsoe broad . I there 's nothing to tell . feature Pete , righteously piss : pete then call milteer about this dead pimp gillette . I be no legal mind like you , but I will bet a murder beef would violate she moral clause quick . ( beat , hand phone ) collect the rest of you money . I I do not want it anymore . pete then give that five grand back . I junior steal it . Pete pause , scoff , turn back toward meg 's bedroom walk : pete people be gonna start lining - up to see you bleed , pal . door close . I flip through junior 's file : the same architect - neat block printing . find a glenda entry : subsequent to her fatal stabbing of dwight gillette , miss bledsoe secrete the murder weapon with GEORGE ainge . I have acquired this knife . it be a six - inch blade with a mother-of - pearl grip which sustained right thumb and right index print which match eleven comparison point to fingerprint on file from miss bledsoe's 1946 juvenile shoplift arrest . 104 . shred it . grab another file . hyper-detaile : subscript clarification , attachment , picture , procedural note to the u.s.a.w.n. : United States Attorney Welles noonan . then I see the tab of the file furthest down : boyce BRADLEY . open it : noonan 's business card staple to the front cover . flip forward . scan . see Bradley 's name , finger track across a page . a company name : `hurwitz holding ' I read it all ... and feel my jaw slowly unhinge ... 89 int . police headquarters - morning 89 barrel down the hallway toward Bradley 's office . a habitual eye toward junior 's desk : koenig go through he drawer . stop. veer toward he ... koenig ( formal - frosty ) you young partner call I at my home , early this morning . teeth grit . hide it . let koenig talk . koenig ( cont 'd ) heavily inebriated . speak inarticulately of `betrayal , ' &amp ; how the lapd be set to be iblitze by justice . ' be this the `bind ' of which we speak earlier ? I yeah . koenig and he apartment -- there be some type of disturbance ? a fire ? I that 's why I need he address . I be try to help he before something like this happen . the kid snap - in-half fritz . he 's literally lose it . ( beat , deadpan ) he say anything else to you ? koenig look back at I . give nothing away ... one gesture that do not read right and he will know . he let more second pass than he should . try to shake I . 105 . koenig only that he be in possession of material that might deeply damage Chief Bradley ... and yourself . I like I say fritz , he 's flip he lid . I do not want to go to Internal affair but I be afraid junior might have force just that . koenig let I try to locate the lad first Dave . be a shame to ruin such a young career so soon . I be careful fritz . he 's dangerous . spin , press on toward Bradley 's office . I ( v.o. ) fritz koenig , the best inspector in the lapd , digging . he will find junior and when he do he will find ainge ... then glenda ... reach Bradley 's office , burst in . empty . to he Secretary : I where be he ? secretary ( frown at my informality ) out at the ravine Lieutenant . 90 ext . chavez ravine - day 90 Park the powerhawk . downwind . out. walk . check my Hamilton : 12:10 pm . I ( v.o. ) noonan 's deadline lapse ten minute ago . a official fugitive from justice now . down below , Bradley with reuben Ruiz in - tow : glaze - fear , follow he like he 's handcuff . protestor gather , placard hoist , chant : " dodger , no! Mexico , Si ! " the group gather steam , supporter pack in , the chorus continue : " dodger no ! mexico SI ! ' 106 . I ( v.o. ) Bradley do damage control , the force relocation of the ravine 's immigrant have the press in a feed frenzy . reuben Ruiz force along as the token mexican mouthpiece . Reporters press . Bradley handle they with ease and aplomb . BRADLEY - this area have long be rife with crime and venality , but with a brand new Stadium , we can make this horrible blight a bright spot and give we Los Angeles dodger the home they deserve . ( like Ruiz be a orphan ) reuben Ruiz can tell you of he travail grow up in this horrible slum and why now be the time to ` redeem the ravine . ' reporter # 2 Chief Bradley , U.S. Attorney noonan have promise to deliver surprise witness before the Federal Grand jury on - - Bradley , this brilliant rebuke : BRADLEY - Welles noonan be a unscrupulous hack politician whose smear campaign against we will fail , for he have grievously underestimate the moral rectitude of the Los Angeles Police Department . then Bradley see I . his press -friendly face contort , the shift startling : if only a flashbulb could have frame it . he shift back from snarl to smile ... BRADLEY now if you will excuse I , I will leave you with reuben Ruiz . Ruiz begin he force / coerce / do-it-or-we'll -fuck - you sob story as Bradley step away from the glare . I follow . get right on he heel . 107 . I you subpoena have not catch up to I yet , Chief ... Bradley spin back . I ( cont 'd ) ( hand he junior 's file ) hurwitz Holdings . Bradley blanch , buckle . I see it . before he can play stupid with : ` what ? ' I ( cont 'd ) you , bethune , and gallaudet buy big chunks of Chavez ravine over the past two year through a shell company call hurwitz Holdings . ( beat , look around ) if the dodger move here the value of the land boom ... you could sell it off for a fortune -- or hang onto it and make even more . the parking lot alone would make you all multi-millionaire . Bradley remove he glass , stare at documentation that doom both he immediate and distant future ... I Word get out that the three City official who be push hardest for a Stadium also stand to gain a mint -- might color public opinion . might color it even more to know that the lapd 's Chief of detective be try to purchase a huge tract of that land from the biggest dope dealer in town . slap another file over the one he 's read . I hector magdalena own ten and half acre of this land . ( beat , ram he ) you do not give a shit about solving he disappearance . you be worried that you real estate deal be go south . ( more ) 108 . I ( cont would ) that 's why you want Tommy find , not because he be a murder suspect or you be concerned that noonan might tap he as a federal witness ... you need he to finalize you fuck land grab . to sign paperwork in place of he dead dad . that 's why you have get madge and Lucille in custody now . ( beat ) maybe I will let you subpoena find I now Chief , maybe I will walk right into it ... the tale I could tell . all Bradley can muster be : BRADLEY how ? I junior stemmon . the ex-evidence teacher . his `excellent rating ' do not stop he from steal the magdalena seizure and do he own investigation . BRADLEY why would he investigate I ? Hand he noonan 's business card : dig the big Federal Eagle in american Blue . I that be staple to the cover . ( beat ) why would noonan worry about a turd like I now ... when a high profile target like you can be take down . silence . I smile wide at it . Bradley , scramble . BRADLEY where be stemmon ? I no idea . if you have not speak to Internal affair today , I be sure they have call . junior 's apartment catch fire . deeply deviant material inside . round he up - ( my angle ) - and anyone he 's get with he . Bradley readjust he glass . 109 . BRADLEY I will issue a a.p.b. say stemmon be a know deviant target kindergarten child . I now , quid pro quo ... you subpoena wilhite too . Bradley 's reaction : feature the angler get angle . BRADLEY how do y- I - do not worry `how . ' why ? Bradley say nothing . then , like a klieg - light , it hit I . I ( cont 'd ) you be go after narco yourself . BRADLEY expose the corrupt part of the lapd will redeem the whole . I will prove that Police can police themselves - I - so you show - up noonan ... co- opt he crusade and condemn you own before he can ... Jesus Christ can you turn lemon to lemonade . BRADLEY no cop will testify against other cop . this be why wilhite have suddenly disappear . I and how . ( beat ) so where do we go now Chief ? BRADLEY ( beat , eye flick again to the file I be hold ... ) there be other force at work here ... face we need to identify . name we need to know . a third party . ( more ) 110 . BRADLEY ( cont would ) find out who klein and I will reinstate you , rescind that subpoena &amp ; burn the coroner 's report on sanderline - I - that report be only useful to noonan now . BRADLEY no . it ensure we mutual destruction should you choose to share the content of that stemmon file . which I know you will not do until you figure out how it will best benefit you . he walk off , imperious , impervious , get engulf by the press rank once again . I ( v.o. ) a mistake to underestimate I now Chief . the price to keep you secret be steep ... and you be go to pay up . soon. back to the powerhawk , fresh -scrubbed six - pack stand near it , the trunk stink ripe past the point of concealment . they see I , deferential nod . one squeaky wheel offer : six - pack something in you trunk smell to high hell Lieutenant . I Dead body . laughter . easily amused academy type . brush by grin , give `em a " enforcer " story to tell the other rookie . I jump in the powerhawk and tear off . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) borrow time burn fast . my day be do . only hour remain . whatever move I have leave ... make they now . 91 int . meg' house - later 91 go through file . fill my own steno pad with scrawl . Pete walk in from the garage , face bunched up , bit-lemon . 111 . pete Fucking Christ . you can not keep that car in the garage , the smell 's come into the house . meg wander in , dress for work . meg open the window . pete that 's not gonna help . I ( still scribbling ) take a couple bottle of bleach , pour it over the trunk . pete what do you get in there ? I my foreseeable future . meg I be go to work . she kiss I on my head . I turn : I you take she ? pete ( God damn glower ) I be take she . meg walk out . Pete linger . I be start to sour he . not smart . he stare . I look up . I ( cont 'd ) what ? pete Hughes . I this be almost over Pete -- I will give milteer the five - grand back . pete it 's more than that . 112 . I I will square it . it 's my thing . pete that you make mine . I I be sorry . a beat . Pete sketches I head to toe . pete look as bad as I have ever see you . I thing be as bad as they have ever be ... Pete exhales . stalk off . I keep scribbling . I ( v.o. ) Bradley 's third Party Theory . everything link : wilhite , magdalena , the ravine ... I have get my own theory ... and the one that stick be the one I pray I be wrong about . meg 's phone blare , I answer it on reflex . I ( cont 'd ) klein . I hear rasp on the other end , hyperventilate , unhinge . junior stemmon motherfucker -- you better meet I ! that cooze you throw everything away for be still cook ! I get the knife . I get ainge - junior . Jesus . I how would you get this number junior ? junior stemmon I get everything on you ! and i'm gonna use it ! I - you be a broom -closet queer . you career be over . 113. junior stemmon the knife for my file on Bradley . I know you already burn that Whore 's but do not think I can not be - do investigation . I you snitch to noonan , then what ? junior stemmon fuck noonan . I get stronger ally . I who ? the Soviets ? junior stemmon meet I in one hour with that file , fern dell Park - I - where you use to snag fruit for vice ? a volunteer gig I be guess . junior stemmon be there with Bradley 's file or I scratch you scabby bitch . I hey , do the fed dig you pad ? the phone on the other end seem to break - in half . hang up , it ring a beat later . junior still want to spar . snag the receiver , rip he shit : I ( cont 'd ) - I see anybody near there junior , the deal off and I gift that file to Bradley to fuck you with - glenda bledsoe - Dave ? I ( big beat ) glenda ? he 's get she . junior . sick. evil . my mind cannibalize itself with " where - is-she-how -do- I - get-her - back " when : glenda bledsoe sorry ... you give I this number ... he do not have she . a sigh so big , it steal all my air ... 114 . I Jesus ...hey ... 92 intercut : 92 glenda who be you talk - I - no , no . it 's nothing . I have a phone call , just before yours . a beat . glenda in a chaise lounge on a small deck overlook the canyon . she sit up . glenda be it he ? the cop you be tell I about ? I I do not want you to worry . I be handle it . but I might send my friend Pete out there . glenda you do not think it 's safe ? I I would just rather have someone there with you . glenda I wish you would have wake I up this morning . I I be better- look in low light , I do not want to blow it for myself . she laugh . make I smile despite my world cave - in ... I ( cont 'd ) stay by the phone . glenda I miss you . and I melt . love-struck at possibly the worst fuck moment of my life . hang up before you voice break . grab a pen , scrawl for Pete , post it on the fridge magnet : ` pete : 655 topanga . stay with her . please . ' 115 . 93 ext . fern DELL park - evening 93 Rolling green . half -dirt , half - asphalt path . I scan for any back -up . nothing . junior already there . astride like Gary Cooper . his eye bloodshot from here . my gun riding quick - draw style . the heft feel good . unbutton my coat to show he the file as I approach , tuck right behind my .45 . I where 's the knife . junior , this evil little curl . he turn . follow he over a small knoll : that Gray Packard , wait . a silhouette behind the wheel . as we near it the light come on , blind I . I turn you light off ... and just come out and talk to I ... fritz . a pause in the car , junior look at I like I be rasputin , divine answer from the marine - layer move - in over LA . the light pop off and I hear a tired laugh come from the car that we have all hear before . I ( v.o. ) third Party confirm ... I fuck know it . fritz koenig step out of the Packard . koenig not much with this sub-rosa thing ... I ( a nod to the Packard ) I think it be noonan tailing I . koenig Bradley 's great stroke be enlist you to he side . junior , jumpy in my periphery . I do not like it . I ( cont 'd ) wilhite run magdalena for you , not narco . koenig when do you know ? 116 . I I do not . I have a feel . I smell cover - up all over hector 's disappearance and wilhite would not have the muscle or the mind - set to kingpin something that big by himself ... you know about Bradley try to buy he out ? koenig he be offer to exonerate hector and clear he criminal record . hector meet with wilhite and I to inform we of he decision ... flashback to : 94 int . 1284 south tremaine - past 94 for the first and only time , we see hector magdalena , alive and well ... for the moment ... speak to koenig and wilhite . koenig ( v.o. ) ...to accept Bradley 's deal ... koenig pet hector 's twin doberman guard dog . koenig ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and although the term of that deal work well for he . I find they less than favorable ... koenig draw a silence pistol and shoot both dog before shoot a shocked hector twice in the chest . wilhite stagger to he foot as koenig step over and deliver the coup de grace head - shot to hector . koenig darktown . Chavez ravine . hot spot for human vice . this be slum I run &amp ; profit from . if this slum suddenly become stadium , that profit go elsewhere ... that crime go elsewhere . I Bradley ... you two get greed in common . koenig grin . junior keep shifting . dying to shoot he dead . 117 . I you know about wilhite and Lucille . that 's how you be operate he . koenig I be aware of he sexual predilection . I ( a scowl for junior ) ... and someone else 's ... koenig ( that great white grin ) we share a eye for human frailty and we be both bear blackmailer dave. ( beat ) I know young stemmon here have a fondness for lad , stretch back to he day at the academy . I and now you be he only ally . ( back at junior ) this sad queer who fall out with cop and flunk out with the feds. ( back to koenig ) so you get this file to battle Bradley with . what 's junior get in return ? and like he be wait for that word : junior lunge . I twist to deflect but he 's too fast -- feel something sink and drag in my side . I go down , gouge / grop for my gun . instant trauma zap nerve numb up the arm , finger fail . then a pain like boil oil move through my blood . junior stemmon just you ! you fuck ! look down , see : a mother - of - pearl knife hilt in my side , the business end stick deep . junior laugh as I fall to my knee . he pull the file from the waist and toss my .45 . junior stemmon ( cont 'd ) ( two inch from my face ) there's you knife klein ! koenig take the file , open it . 118. koenig ( turn he back ) I do not want to watch ... I be sorry it come to this , Dave . junior , he own .45 pull , put to my head . junior stemmon I hope the bledsoe whore be worth it ... ' cuz she 's still fuck . for a crooked cop , you think small . koenig read the file 's first page , lift it ... a blank page behind ... and behind that one ... I ( v.o. ) whatever move I have leave ... I just make . koenig spin back , more blank page spilling from the file . koenig this be not it ! - junior look : that 's all I need . pull the pig-sticker off my ankle and corkscrew it into he calf , twist . junior bleat slaughter - lamb as I reach up a wrench he gun free . grab he tie , pull he down as I jut he gun up under he chin and fire two shot through the top of he head . haul he down dead by he tie , turn -- koenig 's gun -hand flash to he shoulder . shoot he twice . he go down gargle `fuck ' . stand - up on I sea-legs , bad wobble / weave as I slowly pull the knife from my side , pocket it . feel blood flow saturate my pant leg . this weird wooze overcome I as I approach koenig . he pull himself into a sit position , shaking he head . this bemuse , beat , half - grin as he flick blood from he hand like he finger have just brush something sticky . koenig poorly play Dave ... poorly play ... say nothing . keep junior 's .45 out . my intention crystal clear : endgame . koenig look up , this odd squint , like a bum about to beg for change . koenig could I talk you into something ? cut you in on something ? 119 . give he no hope . I wo not work for I fritz . he nod , remorse , resignation ... it at all look the same now . koenig give I a minute then ? I do . watch he hand as he remove he shoe , wait for a ankle grab , he back - up piece ... none come . he set he shoe aside , gaze up at the starless sky before issue this short , gruff laugh ... some inside joke that will die untold . koenig ( with a nod ) okay ... ... and he hold he last breath and seem completely content as I shoot he . Cross to junior now , rifle he clothes , retrieve a hotel key , room 16 , read it : motel commodore - 1195 centinela Ave . inglewood , CA 90302 95 int . motel commodore - inglewood - late night 95 George ainge , sweat on a stain bedsheet , smoking reefer , goof on a tv test pattern , randomly pull at he dick . walk by he window , he see I , recognition kink -- think this be a good sign ... I shoot he right through the glass . 96 ext . tudor mansion - early a.m. 96 Bradley , rouse from sleep , silk robe , come down the stair , he back door wide open . reaches the landing , turn on the light . feature I , this bobble - eye ghoul , bloody he settee . I look like something exhume . his monogramm serve napkin soak up blood from my knife side . he startles school - girl . throw the file at he foot : marre , mangle , stain . he inch forward , cinching he robe . BRADLEY who ? I fritz koenig . 120 . BRADLEY ( go pale ) where ? I Dead . along with wilhite , junior ... and hector magdalena . BRADLEY why be you here ? I to collect . I have the thing you need to destroy noonan 's play . this same thing can be use to destroy you . Bradley , prim , proper , even this early . he sit down across from I like some fuck Duke . BRADLEY thing like ? I stemmon file ... and wilhite 's body . he commit suicide after you subpoena he . BRADLEY this body be in you possession ? just nod . I and it 's what you need to burn narco to the ground ... but if that file and he body be to be give to noonan and the fed , with I provide the cherry - on - top testimony of a rogue cop . well . the word ` cataclysmic ' come to mind . BRADLEY what will this cost ? I a percentage of you dodger Stadium stake in perpetuity . you buy my silence for a fourth of hurwitz Holdings . Bradley scoff , pithy smile . 121. BRADLEY doubtful . I what would you expect ? a stick -up ? empty you safe ? I be about to disappear for good , and you be gonna fund my new life . you can not counter - punch out of this . arrest I and I snitch the world . ( point to the file ) I will hold that over you head for the rest of you life . renege on we deal and it will not matter if it 's tomorrow or ten year from now ... I will fry you with that file . ( at my crack Hamilton ) I be officially outta time now Chief . call it . Bradley : a actual , full - blow facial tic . his Adam 's apple bob as he realize that he 's finally be beat . BRADLEY wilhite 's body ... bury it . 97 int . pete' cadillac - morning 97 cruise up the topanga Canyon . almost home ... I ( v.o. ) shake to see she , touch she ... 98 ext . bungalow - morning 98 door lock . knock . Pete open up . stand drunk . a piss - off nod . 99 int . bungalow - next moment 99 liquor waft off of he . I you go to bed drunk , or just be up all night . no answer as I follow he into the house . klein where 's glenda , be she asle - 122. -round the corner : glenda shaking but refuse to cry . I go pale : what be this ? somebody to the leave , look : milteer . look back at Pete : tear in he bleary eye as he crush I with a right cross . I ( v.o. ) see Pete do this a dozen time and every time the same think : God help I if he ever hit I like that ... instant-drop , moan . glenda scream . I ( cont 'd ) do not kill I . Pete look to milteer , wipe blurred eye . milteer the harder you hit he the quick I say `stop ' -- and cease that absurd cry . Pete bludgeon I . I try to get closer to glenda . feel my nose shatter . another swing : right cheek detonate . a leave hook to take advantage of my momentum : leave eye explode . glenda 's cry / scream get I madder than anything . glenda bledsoe ( at milteer ) that impotent shit - milteer - touch I and he die . Pete knock I down again . my face in piece . milteer ( cont 'd ) kick he -kick he -kick he . Pete hesitates , put he boot into my gut : 1 , 2 , 3 - milteer ( cont 'd ) ( prim , official ) - you may stop . ( beat , for the room ) Howard determine that this be the price for you time together . milteer produce a Polaroid , take a snapshot of my shattered husk , hand the camera to Pete on he way out : 123. milteer you still have a job . milteer go . I spit volume of blood . I will talk with a slur for the next year . Pete reach for I , blotto , sobbing . pete ... I be sorry Dave ... push out word past shattered tooth . I I put you here ... that powerhawk - pete - there 's a body in the trunk - I - burn it . Big drunk nod from Pete . glenda panic , try to stanch blood that keep rush . Pete , reeling drunk , lean down , stuff something in my jacket . pete I be so sorry .... 100 int . shower - time unknown 100 steam water . almost painful . I sit in the tub , let the shower rain down . drain flood dilute red . wash my wound , my soul . so many bruise I look bubonic . my face still swell , already purple-black . my leave eye more than swollen shut . on the other side of the curtain : glenda naked . beauty that catch in my chest . try to stand , turn my destroy face . she gently push I back down . sit into I , hold my face in both hand so that the water hit my lip . no nerve , no unease . Home . she close the curtain . 101 int . bedroom - night 101 post-coital . both wide awake . still scared . glenda let I take you to a hospital . I we would never make it inside . 124 . glenda ( big beat ) I be worried . I I be through the worst of it . she frame my face with she hand . glenda I do not believe you . lies will only leak , expose . the silence make I just as guilty . she let I off the hook , she head on my arm , lean in . I kiss she . glenda ( cont 'd ) ( at a whisper ) be I worth this ? I whatever the cost . glenda just like that then ? I just like that . a nod . a understanding . another kiss , the last one I will remember . 102 int . cold water canyon bungalow kitchen - black a.m. 102 head shave . stop bleed . you clearly see what my face will look like 25 year hence . gauze over my leave eye . reading the Paper : my dress - blue photo , the one that look nothing like I now . headline : ` lapd Officer want in connection with Recent rash of murder ... U.S. Attorney Welles noonan issue a nationwide warning to law enforcement ... ' I ( v.o . ) my deadline with noonan : two day old . he and Bradley play chess by press release . ( more ) 125 . I ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) Bradley relocate the death of Captain fritz koenig and sergeant Richard stemmon to Chavez ravine ... both give posthumous medal of valor . junior die a hero after all . insert : television screen Bradley : professorial in glass and pinstripe , mid-press conference . watch he work ... a statesman 's guile . I ( v.o. ) cop-killings clear the way for Bradley 's " redeem the ravine ' mandate . dodger Stadium construction move forward . ( beat ) Captain Dan wilhite and hector magdalena . miss . apb 's issue . Bradley 's press fodder cast they as `outlaw cop and drug dealer ' who most likely fle to Mexico . narco under a full - blow , Bradley - lead investigation . BRADLEY ( on screen ) ... police unit run amok , who 's long tradition of graft , do not extend to other division of the lapd ... 103 int . bedroom - black a.m. 103 just sit and watch glenda . listen to she sleep : rhythmic breathe . the little natural smile curl to she lip . blonde hair splay over white sheet . touch she . I ( v.o. ) I have not love you long enough to leave it all behind ... too many enemy . too many way for you to get hurt . too close to I ... a decision that will haunt I the rest of my day ... the gillette knife , fold it in a kerchief , gift - wrap it to glenda . place a letter under it on the night stand : I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) " my Heaven : the hour I have with you . my Hell : the year ahead , without . someday I will see you before you even know I be look . " 126 . I stand quiet , `grief ' the best word but still not enough . choke back tear as I lift Pete 's camera and take the black and white picture you have see before . put my jacket on , pull the paper out of my pocket that Pete plant ... a twa airline voucher . I smile small ... flashback to : pete ... be nice to be in with a billionaire who 's get a fleet of plane , fly you outta the country on short notice ... return to : 104 int . lax - morning 104 a Times vend machine : paper blaze with front page photo of want cop Dave klein . I walk right past my old face . past cop and fed campe out , look for I . I ( v.o. ) Pete 's penance beat build I a brand new face ... nobody give I a second glance ... not even the cop I recognize . up to the twa counter : glance up at the departure board - black . legend : recife , Brazil , 1978 105 int . hillside villa - morning 105 I be old . stare at my leather - tan , once - break face in a gild mirror . the break occur a lifetime ago , heal uneven . I start to pack my suitcase . Old file you think you may have see before . a old gun you know you have see before . movement slow and steady in my advance age ... I ( v.o . ) my will to remember . my confession complete . still not enough . ( beat ) post-script . ( more ) 127 . I ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I : gringo exile rich off fund from Stadium parking lot . meg and Pete : still marry . Three boy . boyce Bradley : Lt. Governor , then a gubernatorial primary loser to some chump who act in chimp movie . Welles noonan , convict of jury tamper in ` 64 . prison suicide in ` 66 . Howard Hughes : a shut - in shitting in coffee-can at the Vegas Hilton . ( beat ) George ainge : body find , murder unsolve . madge magdalena , liver failure in ` 68 . Lucille magdalena : mother of five . look back down at her picture . I ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) glenda : twenty - five year avoid she name . only a photograph , yellow with year - pass , remind I of everything I never be . ( beat ) then a week - old Times at the place I buy coffee . her picture see I before I realize she 's look . her face eternal - beautiful ... put she photo in my chest pocket . push the week - old Times into a waste - basket : a Pan - be ticket to LA underneath . I ( v.o. ) ... and it ask I to revoke we time apart , redeem it ... tell she anything ... tell she everything ... I stand , shatter the mirror that remind I of how long . and as I step out , a old man twenty - five year too late , and my mgm - handsome , 1958 face smile back at I through the shard . white jazz