" in the mouth of madness " by Michael De Luca revision 2/21/92 for educational purpose only " the dark spot by the road that you might not notice at all be , you see , the beginning of everything . " -- sherwood Anderson " tt be the tale , not he who tell it . " -- Stephen King on a huge printing PRESS , high - tech mechanical nightmare . hundred of move part wlamming together in furious synchronization . deafening , and hypnotic . close on the PRESS kick out paperback book cover , one after another . Dozen after dozen . on the cover as they be automatically stack . we can read the emboss front cover . a eye-catch graphic of a black church against a cloudy sky , above which read the word , " the hobb be end horror , by sutter cane . " on the back cover — as they kick out of a different press . they all promise but one thing . " coming soon from sutter cane - ' in the mouth of madness . ' " over and over again . cur to : eat. now tork facility for the criminally insane - night it 's raining , hard . Thunder boom as a occasional flash of lighting reveal disturbing glimpsis of the structure 's oppressive steel and concrete facade . a ambulance , siren blaring , tear up the road towards the entrance . ccut to : int . maximum security wing , nurse's station = night a lone nurse crouch over the night 's report . a murmuring beyond she ward 's double door suddenly catch she attention . soft at first , it grow louder as its source approach . it 's a voice . a man 's voice . a scream voice . ee on the door a chey explode inward . the nurse be startle as three struggle figure pile in front of she desk . two huge guard be drag a fight , frenzied man to he final destination . the man be tie up in a straight - jacket and have he face cover ina bizarre combination of mask and muzzle . spit fly from the nask 's airhole as the man scream . Guard # 1 slam some papers down on the nurse 's desk . guard # 1 ( to nurse ) trent , John J. he 's --- the man suddenly go berserk and send a hard kick to Guard # i 's groin . the man start to run off . guard # 2 where you go fucko ? Guard # 2 clothesline the man and bounce he head off the desk . Guard # 41 recover and slide the papers back towards the nurse . the nurse take a long look at the man , . who 's «till stunne . : nurse ( to guard ) take he to number nine . she lean over she desk and watch as the guard drag the man off down a long corridor . on the corridor each side be line with cell door . each door feature a small , bar window . the guard drag the man to the last cell at the end of the corridor . the man start to come around as Guard # 1 produce a huge , rattling keychain and unlock the cell door . on the man as : he head stir and we see he eye focus on what 's in front of hin . on the cell as the door creak open . a grim , yellow padded affair . a '' gingle light bulb dangle from the ceiling , a sagging cot sit ina corner , 2 0 ... 0 . - cee uagser set , rte e boone accu os - I be '' , on , the man as he start to shake . the guard notice . guard # 1 uh-oh . guard # 2 get he in . man ( let loose ) nooooo0o !!{ not meeeeee !!! 1 he grip the side of the cell door as they try to force he in . they finally succeed as the man go fly forward , ripping a piece of the door frame off with he . Guard # 1 pull off the mask as the man go in , then slam the door behind hin . cn the CENTER window as the man 's face come smashing up against the bar . we wee it for the first time . it belong to JOHN trent . a face age beyond its thirty - four year by sheer , stark terror . jet black hair hang in sweaty clump around he forehead . dried spit decorate he chin . tear stream from he icy blue eye . : trent waitii ! hey !!! sorry about the ball !!! it be a lucky shoti !! on the guard as they ignore trent and walk away , nodd goodnight to the nurse as they go . fed mn , on trent still shout . trent . i'm not insane !!! hear me! 1 } : i'm not insane !!! : patient in the surround cell begin to join in , : other patient ( 0.s.} ( various cry ) I neither !!! - i'm not if he's not !!! - it be all a mistake !!! = oh yes !!! on the nurse agitate at the noise . she flip a switch on a centrol panel and light muzak begin to filter into the cell . on the corridor as it fill with the muzak . the patient quickly quiet down as the light muzak version of " satisfaction " pipe out over hide speaker . . cuut to : int . trent's cell - night trent sink slowly down the side of he door as the other patient begin to softly sing along with the muzak . a dement lullaby . . other patient ( 0.s. ) -»- he can not be a man ' cause he do not smoke , the sane cigarettes as I ... trent listen for a moment , then run he hand through he hair . hang he head . total despair . ( beat ) God ... not the Stones too ... ; int . yarbrough's office ~ next day yarbrough , the facility 's director , nervously watch dr . wrenn read trent 's file . wrenn be a tall , thin man in he _ late forty . yarbrough be a short fat man in he late fifty . yarbrough fidget as wrenn read . we notice a government i.d.. card pin to wrenn 's shirt : wrenn oread to himself ) admitted last night . yarbrough yes ... during the storm . ( beat ) how do you get here so fast ? wrenn ( snap the file shut ) we have be monitoring all . admission through police and paramedic channel . this one fit the symptom . -_ '' arbrough ( uncomfortable ) you think he 's one of ... then ? " wrenn ( rise , smile ) that 's what I be hera to find out . wrenn snap the file shut and start walk towards the door , yarbrough follow . he stop wrenn before they exit . yarbrough ( nervous ) thing must be pretty bad out there , to bring in you fellow . wrenn just stare at he , refuse to offer the reassurance that yarbrough seem to crave so deeply . wrenn ( beat , thin snile ) take I to he . int . maximum security wing corridor - day ' wrenn and yarbrough walk towards trent 's cell . wrenn have he make any request ? yarbrough just one . nothing dangerous . a single black crayon . wrenn consider this , then he notice the muzak . this time it 's " yellow submarine . " patient ( 0.s. ) ( softly ) ++-@ yellow submarine , a yellow submarine ... yarbrough notice wrenn 's reaction . yarbrough they seem to like it . classics especially . . wrenn of course . they arrive at trent 's cell . yarbrough unlock it . he open the aocr . roth man react to the sight before then . cur to : int . trent's cell - day the entire cell be cover in crudely sketch cross . there be cross on the wall , the floor , the ceiling , everywhere . the bed , the chair , even the bed frame . hunched in one corner , put the last cross in the last bit of space with the last piece of whittle crayon , be John trent . he 's free from the straight -jacket . wrenn motion yarbrough to leave , then lay a clean handkerchief down on the crayon cover chair and sit down . John ...? trent ( without turn around ) hang on ... trent finish the last cross and spin around . there be cross all over he as well , head to 0a . trent ( happily ) _ what 's up ? trent hop up onto he cot . wrenn | my name be Dr. wrenn , : John ... I be here to try and get you out . trent ngesture towards the cross ) after all my redecorate ? I think I will stay . . wrenn I have a guard with a pair of swollen testicles who swear you want out of here last night . trent that be last night . today I will take my chance in here . wrenn ( look around ) I see . the cross be a nice touch . they would almost have to keep you in here once they see this ... would not they , John ? trent you have a smoke ? wrenn slowly hand he a cigarette . trent put it in he mouth . wrenn stare at the cross cover trent 's face . wrenn become distract by they . trent ( cont . ) do it light itself ? wrenn ( snap out of . , ity sorry . he light trent up . someone . trent ( beat ) you be wait to hear about my " they , " be not you ? wrenn '' you what ? v trent > my " they . " every paranoid . schizo have one . a " they , " a '' they " a " it ? " stalk and spying . you want to hear about my '' they ?* wrenn I want to know why you be here . trent ( beat , stare at wrenn ) thing be turn to shit out there , be not they ? wrenn ( slightly put off ) let 's talk about you . trent how many psychos have you see this week , doc ? hew many have a clue ? ( beat ) I have a clue . wrenn tell I about it . trent ( shrug , lean back ) why not . I will talk ... because you want to hear it . wrenn ( satisfied ) good ... that 's good . ' wrenn take out a microcassette recorder and turn . it on . - wrenn ( cont . ) you mind ? trent could not give less of a shit ... wrenn then let 's begin . . trent I be ...was , an’ insurance investigator . for a-firm in the city , usually check out phony claim , fraud , the usual . this all start : with the disappearance ... ( off wrenn 's look ) «.ethe sutter cane disappearance . flashback int . atlantic insurance office - day close on a nervous , overweight , middle - aged man his finger tremble as he try to light a cigarette . we can tell he breath stink just by look at he . sweat drip down at least two chin before finally come to rest on he . tie , which pass loud two decade ago . a pair of rock -steady hand reach in and light the cigarette for hin . trent ( 0.s. ) nervous , Mr. Paul ? we reveal John trent , lean against the desk that Mr. Paul be sit in front of . another man , robinson , sit behind it . trent be clean , attractive , gonfident . Light year away from the man we know from cell number nine . he 's do what he like do best , catch people in a lie . mr . paul ( heavy queen accent ) what the fuck I get to be nervous about ? you tell I 's '' come down and sign some paper '' , I come down to sign the papers . I sign the papers I get the check . of ( scared ) right ? 190 trent just stare at Mr. Paul , who begin to grow more and more uncomfortable . after what seem like a eternity , trent respond . Mr. trent . usually , yes , that 's the way 3 it go . it 's just that I have , a few final question to ask you about the fire , mr . paul more question !? I answer all you goddamn question ! trent of course you have , and you have be damn cooperative . Atlantic insurance appreciate it . my friend robby here appreciate it . ( to Robinson ) De not you robby ? robinson ( sarcastic ) - immensely . trent ( back to Mr. Paul ) all we need you to do be clear up a little argument robby and I seem to be have . you see , robby here clain that you burn down you warehouse on Northern boulevard . - ER. paul ( enraged ) what !? that 's horseshit ! my whole stock be in that warehouse ! my whole life ! trent calm down Mr. Paul , bacause that 's just what I tell ny friend rebby when he make such a outrageous accusation . 's Paul calm down . li trent ( cont . ) thing be though , robby and 1 have be friend for a really long time . so I could not let something like this come between we , could I ? ( beat ) a could I ? : mr . paul ( unsure ) no ... trent I be glad you understand . I theught you would , that 's why I know you would not mind if I check you story out with you wife . . mr. paul ( see it come ) my wife ? trent yes , you see we have this nag picture of you wife tooling around town . wear article which you claim perish in the fire . trent throw a package of photo into Mr. Paul 's lap . trent ( cont . ) and you know what else ? when I go to speak with she , she be more than eager to tell we what really go down . after I show she the picture of miss Rosa . who seem to be wear even pore of the article which you claim perish in the fira . mr . paul ( daze ) miss Rosa ? trent throw another pile of photo into Mr. Paul 's lap , then lean in quite close . 12 trent two word of advice my friend . if you be go to pull a scan , do not make you wife you partner . and if you do , do not fuck around behind she back . trent smile . int . midtown cuffee shop - pay close on a plate glass window overlook the busy street outside . Inside , we hear the bu2z of the heavy lunch crowd . robinson ( 0.s. ) that be , beautiful johnny -boy , you have the best nose for shit in the business . out on the street , we see a city bus hiss to a stop in front of the coffee shop window . we can see its side advertisement , a " coming soon " ad for " in the mouth of madness " , bear both sutter cane 's nane . and the name of he publisher , '' arcane publishing " . after a beat or two , the bus pull out . . trent ( 0.s . ) you be lucky this time , the guy 's wife like my eye . we pull back to reveal trent and Robinson share a booth and some coffee . : trent ( ccnt . ) you should train you agent not to sell policy to kindergarten con-men . robinson Agents ? you mean . this greedy prick would sell auto insurance to blind driver if they think it could get they a commission . 1 across the STREET , through the window , we can glimpse a frantic man emerge from the office buila face the coffee shop . pudgy , bald and short , the man be disturbing primarily due to the large fire - axe he 's grip in both hand . trent and Robinson have not notice . 13 trent relax robby , that 's why you 't pay I . the human race be always look to play a angle , God bless they crooked heart . I will always be here to clean up the mess . while they talk , the axe maniac be make progress . he be cut a reckless path across the street , swinging | blindly . he 's head straight for the shop . trent and Robinson remain oblivious . after all , this be New York .. robinson that 's good to hear , because I have a serious mess with arcane . trent who ? robinson ( troubled ) arcane . they be a publishing house , and they be we biggest account . they just 's file a claim . could mean million . I need you on be as scon as coee nos > = pegsible . = ---- trent ( bring he cup to he lip ) what 's the clain ? robinson ( as if tell a secret ) sutter cane be miss . trent have about half a second to react before the axe maniac come crashing through the plate glass window . he land squarely on top of trent 's table . trent splashes coffee all over himself as he and Robinson barely have to time to cringe in they seat . for a insane instant , all be quiet , save for a few people scramble for the exit . we hear a approaching siren in the distance . the man with the axe glare frantically about , before lock aye on John trent . : trent make the mistake of return the stare . he freeze in place . 14 on the man it 's he eye . they be off . too big , too oily , human , yet inhuman . slightly out of proportion . the man lean down towards trent . . man ( routine , surprisingly calm ) do you read sutter cane ? on trent snap out of it . trent what ? the man suddenly rear up and scream as he raise the axe high above he head . just before he cut trent in halt , shot ring out and the man srumple to the surface of the formica table . the axe clang to the floor . trent turn , and see two city cop outside the shop , one still point the smoking barrel of the gun he 's just fire . trent stare back at the dead man 's face . the ey to normal . trent glance over at Robinson , who !' shrink back into he seat in shock . trent ( to Robinson ) who the fuck be sutter cane ? int . trent's apartment ~ night close on a t.v. screen broadcasting a news report on the violent pandemonium at a city bookstore . people of all age and race appear to be rioting and battle police shock troops . we can glimpse a display ad for " in the mouth of madness " in the shop 's shattered window . 15 reporter ( v.0 . ) this be the scene today outside several city sass bookstore . bookstore . . . - wl unfortunate enough to sell out of advance order for sutter cane 's " in the mouth of t madness " . what be surely the most eagerly await event in publishing history . on trent watch . pour a tequila shot with shaking hand . on the t.v. as the news report give way to the live image of the reporter himself . he 's sit opposite a more conservative female colleague , " crossfire " style .. reporter today 's topic on " hotseat " . «+ harmless pop phenomenon ? or prophet of the print page ? when dee fiction become religion , and be he fan dangerous ? on trent as he click the t.v. off via remote . trent only if you count axe . he downs the shot . int . arcane publishing - day close on a illustration hyper-real . a circle of child in a cemetery , at night . all catch in the midst of transform into something not human . something wet , something weird , something with tentacles . a huge shape rise out of the circle , huge beyond belief , suggest something too terrible to be render in more detail . the illustration be all the nore disturbing because it look like a photograph , 16 underneath we see its title , " 'the lesson ' by sutter cane . " receptionist ( 0.s. ) Mr. trent ? pull back to reveal trent stare at the illustration . he turn towards the receptionist , a icy beauty , and we see there be several illustraiioius aount along the wall . all be from the work of sutter cane . a " hobb ‘s end horror " standee face the reception desk . receptionist Mr. harglow will see you now . trent thanks . trent head for the inner office door . he pause and turn back towards the receptionist . : trent ( nod towards standee ) do not that give you the willy ? as the receptionist look up , trent see that she be read a copy of " the hobb's end horror " at she desk . she look at trent like he 's a retarded child . trent look at the beok in she hand . trent guess not . she turn away from he as he enter . he just miss the small trickle of blood which suddenly roll out one of the receptionist 's nostril . she self - consciously dab at it with a bloody tissue and bury herself back in the book . CUT to : int . harglow's office - day a serious , stately man in he late sixty , harglow notion for trent to be seat . . ' harglow be you familiar with arcane , Mr. trent ? 17 trent you be insure by the company I work for . Beyond that , sorry . . style ( 0.s. ) ( playfully sarcastic ) read much ? ee eobien : trent turn ' and see linda style énter the room . in she late twenty , she project a consicerabie combination of beauty , brain , and impatience . she 's wear the latest designer glass , which sit on a face top off by a head of flame red hair . trent 's immediately attract to she . trent ( shoot back ) I read a book . once . style smile . trent 's eye follow she as she take a seat . harglow allow I to introduce Linda style , one of we best editor . Linda 's be handle one author of ours for the past two year . perhaps you have hear of hin ... sutter. cane ?. . trent ( play it dumb ) that horror crap right ? style ( a bit offended ) . sutter cane happen to be this century 's most widely read author . you can forget Stephen King , cane outsell they all . harglow with sutter cane we have find that humanity seem to be consistently draw to the twisted , and freakish . trent : I xnow , I live in New York . 13 harglow ( smile ) well , I have ask Linda here because she have particular relevance to this situation . trent which be what , exactly ? harglow it be exactly that sutter cane vanish without a trace approximately two month ago . the police have turn up nothing . trent who be the last person to hear from he ? . style his agent . cane supposedly send he a portion of the new book not more than two week ago . plain brown wrapper , no return address . trent what would the agent have to say ? harglow and style exchange look . trent get impatient . trent ( cont . ) what ? harglow you hear what he have to say . '' apparently you be there when the poor fellow go a bit ... daft in midtown . 2 believe you see he shot . trent ( let the coincidence sink in ) you mean that lunatic with axe ... that be cane 's agent ? style hard to believe , be not it ? wee ane 19 trent yeah , you would think a guy who outsell Stephen King coula '' / find better representation . trent wait for they to laugh . nobody do . =. style this be no joke Mr. trent . cane 's book have be rumor to drive less stable reader off the deep end , agent include . - . trent how're you hold up ? style ( slight grin ) just fine . harglow Linda 's one of the few editor brave enough to take.on cane 's work . : trent what 's happen to some of the other ? style ( matter of fact ) severe nausea , migraine , nosebleed ... trent ( not buy it ) Nice , and you think cane 's agent take one look at cane 's datest masterpiece and go axe-happy in broad daylight . ( suspicious ) it would be a helluva promotion for the new book ... great publicity . harglow this be not a hoax Mr. trent . surely you believe you own eye , you be there . besides , we have no desire to publicize cane 's connection to this ... incident . we simply want the man , and the book back . sutter cane 's franchise represent eighty - percent of we income . style we have already delay the new book by one month . cane 's fan be get a bit ... restless , harglow we need to know if sutter cane be alive , or dead . obviously , there 's a great deal of money at stake . we be already in the middle of a multi-million : dollar campaign . trent T will need to see he papers , contract ... a . harglow impossible . cane 's agent handle all the legal affair , a total buffer . we do not even know where cane live . style all we do know be that for a period before the disappearance , cane 's work become erratic , bent . more bizarre than usual . he becane convinced he storey be real , not fiction . then the work stop come . harglow read he work Mr. trent . it will help you get to know he ... style ( snile ) it might do more than that . trent smirk . 20 21 CUT to : po gryet beriae ode = emre cee be trent browse through the paperback horror section , feel like the idiot he think he look like . he 's surround by sutter cane merchandise , some of it herald the forthcoming arrival of " in the mouth of madness '' . trent scoops a armful of cane paperback off the shelf . titles like " the thing in the basement * and " the hobb be end soooR " . little boy ( 0.s. ) _ I can see . trent turn and notice a little boy stare up at hin . the boy be hold on to a copy of " the hobb's end horror " . the kid appear feverish , sweaty . he 's wear a pair of oversize glass hold together by scotch tape . his nose be run , and he 's get a scab on he chin . he pick at it as he speak . trent Excuse I ? little boy ( beat ) he see you . trent ( spook ) you parent let you read this stuff ? little boy ( as if speak to a idiot ) all the kid read it . trent flash a uneasy smile . int . subway station = night trent wait for he train to arrive . he pace along the platform . he 's carry a shopping bag full of cane paperback . he stop when he notice that he 's stand in front of a subway advertisement for " the hobb's end horror " . part of it be peel away from its frame . the upper right corner be fold over . just a tiny bit . 22 trent step closer to it . his finger zeach up and grab the corner . he pull , gently , peel back a little more . he can glimpse something underneath the ad . a different ad . he can not make out what it 's for , but glimpsis something shiny , and black . before he have time to investigate any further , he train pull in . : cuT to : int . subway car - night cr.izcd beyond capacity . classic New York rush -hour nightmare . trent 's on he way home , bent around other sweaty , disgusting commuter . trent be wedge between a fat , practically beard lady and a pimply face teen with a very loud walknan . trent opt for stare into space . he 's carry a shopping bag fill with sutter cane paperback . he notice a ooze wino slouched into a corner seat , stare at he . trent turn away . the train come to a sudden halt as the wheel screech and whine to a stop . everyone , include trent , be thrown together , slamming into the person next to they . there be assorted groans and curse . p.a. ( v.0 . ) ( nearly unintelligible n.y. accent ) uhhh , attenshun passenger , - sorry for dis delay . we should be movin ' shortly . just then , the light in the car SNAP ' ofp , plung everyone into total darkness . assorted grumble ( 0.s. ) puckin ' city ... get off my foot you fat bitch ... watch the umbrella you rat bastard ... what 's that smell ? we can still hear the teen 's walkman . another grumble ( 0.s . ) +++ and turn that fuckin ' radio down !!! CUT to : | ' ext . subway station , BAY ridge , brooklyn = night trent climb wearily out of the station 's underground exit . cuT to : 23 ext . alley = night : - ° pee tas trent approach a alley and start - to hear a steady thumping noise . he slowly and cautiously peer in as he reach its entrance , trent's Pov of a street cop beat a rag , scrawny teen with he nightstick . there be a spray-paint can roll around on the ground . above the kid , freshly paint on the brick . wall of the alley , read the word , " I can see " . the cop sense trent and look up at he , cop ( grunt ) you want some too , buddy ? on trent move on as he hear the beat resume . CUT to : int . trent's apartment - night trent be plant on he live room couch , head bury in one of cane 's book . all he light be off , save for a read lamp . trent 's face be a study in disgust , yet he 's totally involved in the book . until the phone ring . trent ahhh !!! startle , trent send the book fly into the air . he take a moment to compose himself , embarrassed that he let the book get to he . he suddenly wince and put two finger to the bridge of he nose . he squint he aye , as if in pain from a great headache . CUT to : 24 int . subway car - night all be as it be before , cramme beyond capacity . only this time , trent be no longer stand in he old position . this tine , trent find himself inexplicably cast as the o]d wine . he sit in the old wino 's clothes , slouched in the wino ! ea e 2 he notice that several people be stare at the bag of book . the train suddenly slam to a halt . . : p.a. ( v.0 . ) uhhh , attenshun passenger , sorry for dis delay . we should be movin’ shortly . the light snap off , assorted grumble ( 0.8 . ) fuckin ' city ... get off my foot you fat bitch ... watch the umbrella you rat bastard ... what 's that snell ?- the light remain off , cur to : int . subway tunnel ~ night trsnt stez onto the track , still dress as the wino , another grumble ( 0.s. ) ( faint ) +++ and turn that fuckin ! radto downie ! trent walk away from the car . he hear a familiar thudding SOUND come from up ahead . he walk towards it . his footstep echo in the darkness . he reach the source of all the noise . the cop from the alley be pounding away on the spray - painting teen with a oversize club . the word " I can see * be spray - paint along the tunnel wall . the cop slowly , agonizingly , rise and turn to face trent . on the cop : ' he 's all wrong . his face be sallow and grey , the eye be a wet yellow ... oily . his arm hang too low , like a ape 's . his mouth be way too big . the man look all out of proportion , he advance on trent . 25 cop ( distort ) y you want some too , buddy ? '' / trent. turn and -ruiis back towards the subway car . he - narrive in time to sea the passengers climb out and start down the track towards~him . they gall carry axe , and be be lead by cane 's axe nappy agent . he call ouT to trent . cane's agent ( drool ) it 's a good read ... the other suddenly hoist they axe high and begin the chop the agent to bit . we can not see it , but we hear it . all through it the agent continue to cry out to trent . cane's agent ( scream ) a good read !!! a good read !!! ahhhhhh !!! the crowd stop , then suddenly turn as one towards trent . one of they , the fat lady from the train step forward . she 's blood splatter . . fat lady he see you . they start after hin . trent back up in a mad frenzy and slam right into the monstrous cop . he 's about to get smashed when we : smash CUT to : int . trent's apartment - night trent bolt awake from he nightmare . sweaty and scared shitless . he ruin a hand through damp hair and sweep the cane book off the couch as he sit up . trent ( shake up ) freaky shit . CUT to : int . style ' apartment ~ night ' it 's late , it 's dark . there 's a obnoxious knocking at the front door . style stumble towards the door , stubbing she toe on a umbrella stand as she tie up she bathrobe . caine one 26 style ( annoyed ) alright ! she hit a light switch , chain the front door , then open it a crack . trent 's there , smile and hold up a carton of chinese food . . : trent I get chinese ... style stare : 4 he in disbelief . int . style ' kitchen ~- night style reluctantly munch out of a carton of vegetable as trent pour she a beer . . style how would you get my address ? trent company roster . style could not this have wait until tomorrow ? trent I can not help it , I get excited when a case start happen . style you have only be on the case a few day , what could have happen ? trent the tingling 's happen . style the what ? trent the tingling . I get a tingling in my head when I start put thing together . ' style ( hold up carton ) sure it 's not the m.s.g .? 27 trent positive , that only account for my lockjaw . style smile . there 's a reluctant flirtation go on . doe trent ( cont . ) : I have be read the book . have you ever really look at they ? style of course , I edit more than half of they . they all say the same thing . trent that we world use to be inhabit by another race of being ? style ( nod " yes " ) being who eventually lose they foothold here and be expell . cane 's book chronicle this creature 's effort to get back in . aside from that , there 's not : much else to lock for . ° trent unless you look like a - detective . I do , and I think cane tell we he would pull this . he leave clue about he vanish act in every book include the last one . trent pull out a notebook . trent ( cont . ) ( read from he note ) the main guy in the first book be a painter , talk about take a long journey . the guy in the second book 's a writer , talk about disappear on the eve of he biggest success . the narrator in the last book even talk about actually move into " hobb be end , " the town where all the storey take place . 28 style this be what you tingling tell you ? that cane go someplace fictional ? trent what my tingling tell I be that I may be onto another phony claim . " author disappear into own fantasy world ? " ( lean in ) you and I both know what a half decent publicist could do with a story like that . so why do not we cut this short , tell I where harglow send cane to lay low and I will make sure no one know you tip I . style ( icy , offended ) we tell you before Mr. trent , this be no hoax . we do not need - ' sleazy trick to sell sutter cane book . trent ( hand up ) no offense , it 's just that I happen to deal in sleazy trick . ( beat ) I be from Brooklyn . style ( get up ) that much be obvious . now if you do not mind , it 's late and I have to be up rather early . she open the door for he . trent grab he carton of food and head for the door . trent I will find hin . style ' we want you to find hin . trent stare at she , she start to get uncomfortable under he scrutiny . trent break it off and suddenly smile . 29 _ trent ( feel he jaw ) _ maybe it ds the n.8.g . she slam the door in he face , ext . manhattan STREET - night . trent head for the subway , chuckling to himself , pleased tnat he rattle style . CUT to : int . style ' apartment - night she 's on the phone , look out she window . we hear harglow 's voice on the other end as he pick up . . harglow ( v.0 . ) ( over phone ) yes ? style it 's not , trent 's get suspicious . harglow ( v.0 . ) : ( beat ) | he can not prove anything . whatever he propose , go along with it . we hear the click as he hang up . CUT to : int . trent's apartment - day trent be sit on he couch , write note into a notepad . there be a few cane paperback litter about . trent appear to have be up ali night . Dark circle sit below he tired eye . he throw he pen down and lean back , rub he face with he hand . when he hand come away , we see that he 's leave two black streak across he face . his pen 's sprung a leak . he notice the ink on he hand . . ' trent ( disgust ) beautiful . I 30 too tired to clean himself up , he take cut a cigarette and start to light up . at the last second he notice that he 's about to light the filter . he 's get the cigarette in backwards . he frown ana turn it the right way . trent ( exhaling ) where the fuck do you go ...? ey ty trent stare at the cane paperback . he 's stare at two in particular . they be lay side by side on he coffee table . 31 on the book iy " the thing in the basement " and " the breathing tunnel " . they cover ... they seem to fit together , like two piece of a puzzle . 2 on trent as he stare at then . he rub he eye leave more black ink around he face . he look like scoon . he suddenly break from he trance and wipe everything off the table with a sweep of he arn . everything except the two book . ke grab he shopping bag and dump the other cane paperback out onto the table . he start shifting they around , turn they over , all with great speed and concentration . he 's totally at the mercy of the inspiration that 's seize hin . . as suddenly as he start , he stop . sweating , frown , he stare at he handiwork . disbelief give way to a thin snile of admiration . : trent wee ae cte ... tee CUT to : int . harglow's office ~ pay trent smack a photo blow - up of the book cover down on harglow 's desk , harglow and style look at it over trent 's shoulder . : harglow we have see this before ... trent do not look at they individually , look at then together . style : ( get it ) it 's a map . a map of the town . harglow hobb 's end ? 32 style now T know why cane have the artwork do himself . trent it get better. foo . trent produce a piece of transparent plastic , with a nap of New England draw over it . he lay the transparent map over the book cover map and there 's a perfect match of line . trent ( cont . ) see. hobb 's end be not on the xeal map , but they match up anyway . ( point down at it ) like it or not , cane 's book cover put hobb 's end in the middle of New England . style you be say the man go someplace ... fictional ? trent it 's real . a real place ina real state . harglow yet it appear on no ordinary map ? trent no Dew map , but maybe it 's on some old one . there be plenty of forget town across America . my money say cane 's have a go laugh in one . harglow how can you be sure ? 33 trent I need to go to be sure . ( lean in ) you gure you want I to go ? harglow '' we have nothing to hide Mr. trent . we desire only we fair share if cane be dead ; sr we property if cane be alive . go with wur bless , and I be sure you will not mind Linda accompany you on you expedition ? trent smile at style , she remain blank . he then turn back to harglow , . trent it 's you party . CUT to : ext . CITY highway - day trent 's rental car speed out of New York . CUT to : int . trent n's car = day style be firmly strapped in , trent 's arive have she on edge . style can not you slow down ? trent only if I grab a cigarette . here , take the wheel . a startle style grab the wheel as trent fish in the glove compartment for a pack of cigarettes . he fish anid crumpled up bag of potato chip . style ( white knuckle ) zt do not drive much . ' trent ( light up ) I would never know . — ed ee 34 ext . CITY highway - day we see the car swerve in and out of lane as style steer . horn honk . CUT to : ext . rural highway ~ night trent drive by darken farm along a two lane black - top . the road be desert . CUT to : int . trent's car - night style be asleep . trent 's at the wheel . he 's try to manage a road map . disgust , he toss it in the back . he suddenly reach over , pop the glove compartment , and withdraw a smail air-horn . the kind annoying asshole take to sport event . he aima it at style and after a brie ? deliberation , blows it . the loud honk rock the car . style bolt awake and scream . style whaz2it !? what ! ? trent toss the horn into the back seat . trent we be lose . style stare at he open-mouthed . who da this guy ? she reach into the glove compartment and pull out a bag of chip . she start beat trent with it . style could not you just shake I ?! asshole ! chip be fly . trent ~ enough , enough ! even steven . style drop the bag , and pick a chip off trent 's shoulder . she pop it in she mouth . . ' style we be lose because there 's no such place as hobb 's end . 35 trent peste ext . rural highway - night trent 's car speed through the country landscape . it feel alien . too much quiet , too many star . CUT to : int . trent's car ~ night trent be try to play nice . trent listen , you really like work on cane 's stuff ? . style you really like busting people ? trent I bust fraud and phony , and yeah , I love it . everyone 's . look to get over on someone , I like be there when the shit go sour . style how admirable . trent we be talxing about you . how would you get hook up with cane in the first place ? style I would be a fan since high school . I like be scared ... cane 's work scare not . trent why ? it 's not real . style it 's not real from you point of view , and right now reality share you point of view . what scare I about cane 's work be what might happen if reality share he point of view . soba trent how can reality share a point of view ? style reality be nothing more than what we tell it to be . sane and insane could easily switch position if the insane be to become the majority . you would find yourself lock in a padded cell wonder what happen to the world . trent that would never happen to not . trent be start to get weird out by the darkness , the surround quiet , and the taking : of rie tone this conversation be style it would if you realize everything you ever know be go . . trent it would be pretty lonely , be the last one leave . style it would be horrible . trent and you like that ? style I like the idea of it , and so , do about sixty million other : reader . : 37 ext . rural road - night the car drive down a different , less 's fornal two - lane road . the car be surround - by pitch blackness . aereh , ton ce sete sos es ee CUT tos | int . trent's car - night style be drive while trent sleep . she drive carefully . she squint to make out what 's ahead . not satisfied , she plick on the car 's brights . the highbeam SNAP on . something be eerily illuminate on the road up ahead . it 's move fast , towards the car . as it pass , style see that it 's a boy on a bicycle . he ride erratically , panicked . style look at he recede figure in the rear-view mirror . cuT to ; ext . rural road - night / later the car drive on . : . CUT to : int . trent's car - night style be sleepy behind the wheel . she wipe moisture 's fron the inside of the windshield . style ' pov a figure be approach . as it get nearer , style recognize it as the same boy on the bicycle . this time , as he pass , she catch a quick glimpse of he face . he have a old man 's face . a face drive insane by sheer terror , cap by hair that have turn totally white . in a flash , he 's go . style ( rock ) oh my God ... ( stir ) . what 's up ? style I see ... I see a ... 38 trent a cow , a sheep , a pig , what ? style never mind . it be nothing . . trent yeah ? well tell I when it . , ue graduate to something . - trent roll away and . go back to sleep . style drive on . - she rub she . eye . a few second pass . then it happen , and it happen fast . style * Pov the boy be right in front of she ! on style she gasp and hit the break . the car skid and swipe the boy , knock he and the bike to . the ground . style skid to a stop and trent wake up . . '' style it just become something ! style be already get out . style ( cont . ) something impossible . CUT to : ext . rural road - night trent and style race towards the boy . he lie face down , the bike next to he . trent reach out and turn the boy over , the boy 's face be a bizarre study in contradiction . he 's no nore than ten , yet appear seventy . he have blood trickle out of one eye and one nostril , and he mouth appear a bit too large , just like the cop from trent 's dream . this be not lose on trent . when the boy speak , it 's a voice that match he face . boy - ' ( tragic ) I can not get out , it will not let I out ... — _ — -— — — 39 the boy suddenly break away from trent and grab he bike . he pedal off before trent can stop he . after a beat , trent turn to style and see that she 's shaking . . trent nput a arm around she ) hey , it 's okay , he 's alright . style ( preoccupy ) no , he 's all wrong . not . trent c'mon , they probably all inbreed out here ... she let he lead she back to the car . she can not tell he what she 's think . not yet . cot to : ext . hilltop = day it 's hot , the car sit park . trent and style be out in the open , stretch they leg . trent stare at he map in frustration . trent - - it should be right here . style look off the hill towards a small valley . style let 's go home . she turn towards hin . trent ( look at the map ) bastard fool I ... style suddenly grab she head , as if a sharp pain hit she . she hear a slight but sharp buz SOUND . it go as quick as it come as she turn away again . she gasp when she face the valley . style ' pov the town be there now , where only a few moment ago there be nothing but empty land . 40 on style walk backwards , away from the edge of the hill . style trent ... trent come over , and frown . trent what ? trent's Pov of the small valley . there 's nothing there . no town . not a hint of what we know style just see . style ( 0.8 . ) give it a minute . on trent as he 's about to reply . the buz sound suddenly hit he . he grab he head at the bridge of he nose , and shut he eye for a second . a small trickle of blood escapas one nostril . when he open he eye again , he mouth drop open as he stare out over the valley . trent's Pov the town be there now . for both he and style . on trent turn to style for some kind of answer . style I have be read the book longer , they take a while to have a effect on you . he do not understand . she put a finger to she nose . trent take the cue and put he own finger to he nose . see the blood . 42 trent Big deal ... ( blot at he nese with a cloth ) +..80 we do not see it the first time . 1 oe style or be not ready to see it . trent I be always ready . he start walk back towards the car . he see style hesitate . trent ( cont . ) c'mon . do not you want to find the truth ? he get in and start it up . style finally join hin , take a last look at what they be about to drive into . cur to : ext . hobb be end - day trent 's car cruise down main street . it 's a small town , with both building and vehicle in sad shape . it look and feel like a town that 's move on . carg lay abandon on the street , some appear to have run into building . Doors hang open . something happen here . upon close inspection , the very architecture seem to meet at angle that hurt the eye . everything 's off center . cuT to : int . trent's car - day trent and style check the place out . style it 's exactly as he describe in the book . . trent ; ( pull over ) great . where do he write we could find he ? 42 ext . hobb ' end MAIN STREET - day trent park the car and he and style get out . they start walk up the block , carry they travel bag . _ trent . , ( leok around ) we miss a big party ... trent nod towards the derelict car . style glance over , but suddenly hear a distant giggle . she turn back . style ' pov about a few block down . a group of child , about six to eight , chase a emaciate dog across the street and into a alley . on style as she react and grab trent . style look ! trent turn , just as the kid vanish into the alley . he see nothing . what ? style you do not see they ? you do not hear they ? hear who ? she stare at he , then take a look around , style porget it . how do we start ask about cane ? trent by find someone to ask ... style ( lead he ) there 's a hotel up this street . _ . thev_start to head in . 43 trent how do you know that ? a on the pickman HOTEL as trent and style turn the corner . trent stare up at the modest three story board house , then back down at style . . - trent {suspicious } I think you have never be here before ? style T have not . but I have read about it ... ( point to hotel ) ++- this place . so have you . in the last book . trent look up at the hotel 's sign . trent ( recognize it ) - oh yeah , the hotel from " hobb 's end horror " , trent ( cont . ) this must be the town he base the book on . CUT to : int . pickman HOTEL - day trent and style enter . the lobby be desert . trent ( cont . ) that would explain why he would come back here . style be not listen . she walk in , talk out loud to herself . style there should be three painting behind we . pastoral scene , peaceful . 44 trent turn . sure enough , there be three innocuous painting hang over a quaint country couch . cow graze in the first one . a boy play with he dog in another , and two lover stroll by a creek in the third . code vi : i ( unimpress ) . -. . you have a better menory for cane 's detail than I do . they approach the front desk . she steer he away from a Spot on the floor . 40 - 0... . style watch cut , the board be loose there . trent lock at she funny , then tap the board with he foot . they tilt up and shift , creaking with looseness . style ring the bell at the desk as trent join she . mrs . pickman , a extremely cute old lady , appear out of the front office and smile warmly at the out -of-towner .. mrs . pickman can I help you folk ? trent ( adopt friendly style ) sure hope so . I and the missus here be on we way to Boston . think we would take a break in you famous hometown . she smile as she hand he a pen . style just stare at she , disturb . - mrs . pickman ( puzzle ) fanous ? trent ( as he sign ) sure , what with the whole sutter cane thing and all . mrs . pickman sutter who ? trent look at she . trent I hear he be from around here ? come back to visit now and then . 45 mrs . pickman do not know anybody name cane , nobody pass through here much anymore , let I get you you key ... trent do not you need a deposit ? et say Mrs. pickman just stare at he , and suddenly burst into laughter . laughter that be just a bit too loud , a bit too hearty , and go on a bit too long . trent smile weakly . mrs. pickman ( laugh , shaking she head ) City folk ... she head into the office . trent ( reacting ) okay ... : style turn and stare at the painting on the far wall . on the painting of the cow graze . just for a instant . just for a heartbeat ... it look like one of the cow move . on style reacting . CUT to : int . trent and style 's room - day trent be argue with she as they unpack they bag . trent we be not live inside a sutter cane story ! style this town ig a sutter cane story ! wey 46 trent the town inspire the storey , not the other way around . ' style 20 ; . ( pull out a -. paperback of i '' the hobb ' end - cena - horror ) 2 tagcat this place , that woman , oc : . «+ . they be all in here ! trent ( laugh ) the Mrs. pickman in the book be a lunatic who end up chopping she husband into cole slaw . the woman we meet downstairs be not capable of anything worse than dip she denture in she husband 's beer . style ( beat , scared ) trent ... what if cane 's work be not fiction ? what if he 's be a reporter all along ? trent ( beat ) be reality . ( knock on table ) hear that ? reality . if what you be say be true , there should be a black church out here with a upside down cross on its steeple . trent cross towards the window and pull the curtain _ open . there 's nothing but scenery outside . trent see ? reality . style get up , cross to the window on the other side , of the room . style you do not read closely enough . the view be from the east . sine 47 she pull the curtain to she window aside , revealing , off in the distance , the black church . just as it appear in cane 's cover illustration . on trent i reacting . z cur 70 : close on a page of " the hobb ' end horror " . we hear trent read aloud the passage we can see . trent ( v.0 . ) " this place have once be the seat of a avil older than mankind and wider than the know universe . " tilt up off the page and we reveal the black church , about thirty yard ahead . cuT to : ext . black church - day . trent , walk with book in hand , and style approach the church . trent you have get I read this thing like a fuck guide book ... style be not listen , she 's look around , nostly behind she . she know something 's really wrong with this place , 43 style ' fov of the street behind she . the group of child race by again , ‘off in the distance . still chase the emaciate dog . 3 . bebe on style as she hurry to catch up to trent . trent we be waste we time , we be suppose to be ask about cane ... style «+- you will have someone to ask in about two second . as if on cue , a speed station - wagon suddenly come screeching around a corner and head straight for trent and style . trent and style leap out of the way as the car head straight for the black church and come to a stop in front of the decaye yard . cot to : eat . cuor yard - day ----- EIGHT men scramble out of the car . some hold shotgun . they gather at the foot of the path which lead to the church 's huge double door . a large , burly beard man step up and scream , beard man {at the church ) itt on trent and style as they react to the name . they start run up towards the church . trent ( get piss ) how do you know ? ' she do not answer . 49 on the beard man as he fire a shot into the air . beard man - give ' em back !!! : a sudden SOUND from the church command everyone 's attention . it 's a horrible grinding noise , as if the gear of a great and terrible machine be buckling into : themselves . the mob take '' stsp back . a frighten weasel cower behind the bearded man . weasel see what ya do ! the bearded man stare at the church . the door open . everyone freeze as a wind start to whip up . trent and style arrive but stay a few foot behind the mob . trent ( grab she arn ) how do you know ? again , she do not answer . on the door as a emall boy of about five appear in the doorway . angelic . on the beard man as he react . beard man ( recognize he child ) John ? johnny boy ... come to daddy ... on the door as . they start to flap in the wind . they start banging loudly against they frame as they swing OPEN ' and shut in the breeze . the boy just stand there , allow the door open and close in he face . : . beard man ( scream ) johnny !!! 50 the bearded man start charge towards the door . he stop dead when the door slam OPEN to reveal not the bo , but sutter cane in the doorway . in the boy 's place as if by - magic . on sutter cane ' génius . ' maniac : neither human ightmare . caught in the niddle . he 's halfway to literally '' become he work . he scare the shit out of you . . tes . on trent and style reacting . trent cane ? on the door as they suddenly slam shut so fiercely that the door crack . at the same time a pack of jet-black , muscular doberman emerge from behind the church and charge the mob . on style as she eye widen and she start pull trent away . they begin to run as the dog dig into the mob . we hear shot be fire but no dog go down . on trent and style run . they look back and when they turn to leok forward again they stop dead in front of a eerie little girl . she 's suddenly appear right in front of they and have a small trickle of blood come out of one eye . her tooth seq@a too large for she mouth . she bear that slight '' out of proportion " look that signal advanced cane exposure . style be a study in dread , as if she know who and what this girl represent . style of ( frighten ) who be you ? girl ( chill ) the end . etek ' she run away to join she friend who continue to chase the ' emaciate dog . on trent he 's have enough . '' . cuT to : int . trent and style ' room - dusk trent be pack , furiously . he slam clothes into he bag as style rant around hin . style you can not leave . not now ! , we have see cane ! - ' trent good , my job 's over . no pay - : off , cane 's alive . ' - style ; . but what about the new book ? ' we policy cover the book as ' well . ! fuck the book . you want it ? | you get it . I be not help anyone who 's be hold out ' / on I . style what 's that mean ? trent it mean tell I how you know about that mob ? style hang she head . amd ope woe 52 trent ( angry ) . . , can not bullshit a bullshitter , can you ? good , because I '} ) tell you how you know . because . this whole thing be stage , ° that 's why ! you , harglow and : cane be put I through '' this so I can go back and blab to the National Enquirer about cane 's '' haunt town . " help you sell a few more million copy . style you be wrong ! trent no I be not . and before I leave I be go to get soneone in this town to come clean , and then we be go to dismiss you bullshit clain . . style : you be wrong . I know you be wrong . trent +> > - ( yell ) .--~.. how be I wrong !? style ( yell ) because you be right ! trent I be wrong because I be right ? style ( defeat ) you be half right . ( beat ) this be a hoax . we gid send cane away as a publicity stunt . to Florida ! but he never show up . Three week ago we realize he would vanish ' for xreal . harglow send I with you to make it lock good . trent only we be not suppose to find anything . a 53 style that 's right , and that 's why I know what we be see be / real . we do not stage any of this ... the boy on the bike , . the church , that little - girl ... it 's all happen for real . and it 's all in the book . that 's how I know . . trent you be lie . I read the book , there be nothing about any mob , any little girl . style not in the old book trent . in the new one . cane describe the girl , the mob , the boy on the bike , when he pitch I " in the mouth of madness . " no one know what be in it except I ... trent ( disturb ) and cane 's agent . ( beat ) what 's it about ... the new one ? style it 's about the end . to vv - and it start here , in this place . with a evil that return and take over hobb ' end , piece by piece , start with the shild , trent how do I know you people have not pay this town to act out cane 's fantasy ? more phony fun and game ? style you can not know , only I can , and I know it 's happen for real . just like he always promise . trent it 's fiction Linda . fiction . 54 style ( urgent ) you have get to check the : painting trent , the one in the lobby ... and check the : cellar . do it ! : . - beso ae kee trent stare at she . . cut to : int . pickman HOTEL - dusk == > ~ " trent come down into the lobby . no sign of Mrs. pickman . trent pull cut a cigarette and start approach the three painting . he light up as he stare at thez . on the painting they be different , - in a subtle , disturbing way . the cow graze in the first painting now appear sickly , with runny , infect eye . the grass seen more brown than | green . one cow seem to have spront larger tooth . the boy play with he dog in the second Painting appear less joyful , more frighten of he pet . the dog itsel ? be larger . the two lover strolling by the creek appear unchange , until you notice that they eye seem a bit nore recess into they face . there also seem to be sonethe rise out of the water behind they . all the painting see to be acquire that hyper-real quality of cane 's book cover . on trent stare at they . he move forward and pull one slightly off the wall , check behind it . he step back and take a few drag off the cigarette as he continue to regard the painting . trent ( to himself ) Nice try . mrs . pickman ( 0.s. ) ' no smoking please ... 55 trent turn and see the old lady . she smile . she 's change a little bit as well . her eye be red and putty and she do not seem to blink . he can only see she from the waist up , everything else be hide behind the front desk . ' trent hear a faint scratching noise come from behind the counter . mrs . pickman ( cont . ) " ...dt bother my husband . . tient no problem , I be just leave . just stop to admire the art . mrs . pickman beauties , be not they ? trent sure be . Ms. style tell I you do they yourself . have you know each other long ? mrs . pickman ( confuse ) Ms. style ? oh ! the pretty young thing you come in here with . I do not know she at all , do she know I ? : trent ( try to trip she up ) she claim she do . ( gesture towards the painting ) so you be not responsible for that ? mrs . pickman Hell no . trent ( notice she eye ) well you have get a great place here . must be a chore to keep clean , you look like you have be up for hour . mrs . pickman ( even ) be read ... trent I too ... think I would take a break , go for a walk . - bis oo : mrs . pickman ~ : sab ae : ( smile ) ; goed idea ... trent try to peer over the counter , to see what 's make the faint scratching noise . Mrs. picknan politely step forward , block he view . trent amile uncomfortably , nod goodnight , and exit . as soon as he 's out the door , we swing around and reveal the rest of Mrs . - pickman behind the front desk . we see Mr. pickman lie on the floor , handcuff to he wife 's ankle . he 's nude , and totally emaciate . he also look to be about a hundred year old . his leathery skin stretch over brittle bone . he 's cover in black and blue mark . the scratch be come from he long fingernails scraping he wife 's neaty calf in a vain effort to put up some resistance . we only see this for a few brief monent . mrs . pickman hush . int . trent and style ' room - dusk style be try to use the phone . it 's not work . nothing but static . she put it down , and as she do 80 , she stare at she copy of " the hobb be end horror . * she pick it up . start flipping . through it . she stare at the book 's cover . the black church . she turn it over , and see the announcement on its back cover ; '' coming soon from sutter cane - ' in the mouth of madness '* , she turn towards she view of the : black church . CUT to : int . local bar ~ night smokey , smelly . a jukebox drone on in the background amid various conversation . trent sit at the bar , write in a little notebook . . on the notebook trent 's write a few note : 57 '' hobb's end ... " '' people ... ( pay off ) ~ painting ... ( rig ) : ~ harglow/styles/cane ... ( fuck ) : bullshit ! 1 ! on trent look over he note . beard man ( 0.s. ) you a writer ? trent look up and over and we reveal the bearded man fron the church mob sit right next to he . the bearded man have a bandage around one hand and a few nasty scratch across he face . : trent no. I be from Brooklyn . beard man . _ " ~ then take a hint nister , ieave . this be not no tourist town , trent take a look around . several nen from the raid party be seat at table around the bar . they all see sickly , pasty . infect . cane 's get to then . trent nlean in , saile ) how much be cane pay you guy ? beard man cane be a dead nan , since he start nessin’ with the church . now something 's come leak out ... take the little one first . he read he book to they , they bring it home to we . take some of we sooner than other . ( warning ) do not let it get to you . do not look at it . just get out . 58 trent look around , light up a smoke . caye tre , ( smile ) you guy be good . you , the woman at the hotel ... really , , really good . a ext . STREET - night style be make she way towards the black church . she walk past shattered store window and abandon car , she notice that the Street be somewhat litter with spend rifle shell . a child 's ball suddenly rolis up to she and stop at she foot . she freeze . a little Boy of about six start to approach she . she squat down and pick up the ball . he 's wear short and a teshirt . as he come closer , he appear to suffer trom the same disease as the previous little girl ( " the end " ) . he 's all out of proportion . eye , tooth , limb , nothing fit . his eye be 80 big that we can make out crisscross red vein in the white , boy give it . style hand hin the ball . style where do you live ? Boy with you . style ( frown ) who take care of you ? boy you do , he suddenly run off . style rise , hear the whimper of a dog behind she and spin around . she come face to face with the little girl ( " the end " ) and she friend . they nve apparently catch the dog , because it atand to one side , and it 's miss a leg . . the little girl ana several of the other Children have small spot of blood on they face ana clothes . the little girl have bit of dog hair stick around she nouth and when she smile , she reveal tooth that be now point . 59 girl you be we mommy . and do you know what today be ? style start back out . girl ( cont . ) '' * today be mommy 's day . style turn and run in the opposite direction . towards the church . CUT to : int . trent and style ' room - night trent search the room and bathroom for style . trent ( slam bathroom door ) shit ! he. try the phone . do not work . ' trent of course . he sit on the bed , decide how much time he will give style to come back before leave without she . his wander to the book . he pick it up . open it . cur to : ext . black church - night style stand before the door . she notice a inscription carve into one of they . she read it aloud . style ( read ) '' let this door be seal --- curt to : int . trent and style ' room = night trent read to himself from " the hobb's end horror . " ' trent : ( read ) w-- by we Lord God , in his year 1788 , and let any who dare enter - ~ etek 60 cuT to ; ext . black church - night ' style continue read . . . style : e-- this unholy site be damned forever . " . . curt to : int . black church ~ night it 's dark . wrecked . empty . style enter and walk among the decaye pews . she head over to a staircase which lead to the steeple tower . she start to climb it . on the stair style climb slowly . she reach the top , and find a trapdoor lead upward into the steeple attic . she push on it . it will not budge . she stop as she hear what sound like faint typing come from the other side of the door . she push again , and it crack open . she peer in . . style ' pov of the attic . it 's a very small , dark roon . hardly any bigger than a huge closet . on style as she let the door close . a SOUND suddenly come from above the door . the typing again , only this time it escalate inte pounding . it stop as quick as it start . style open the door again and look in . she 's guddenly pulled up and carry through the door with tremendous unseen force . it slam shut behind she . CUT to : int . steeple attic - night bigger now , bigger than physics would 4 llow in a space as e@mall as the tower . bare , dark . Far off in one corner there 's a steel table , with a steel chair , and a typewriter sit on top . the table be illuminate by a unseen overhead light . cane sit in the chair , face style , who rise from the floor about five yard away . : cane Linda ... nice to see you again . ' you can edit this one from the inside look out . cane start type again . style ( approach ) cane ? style draw nearer and we hear she footstep fall in rhythm with cane 's type . ' forward cane . i start with the child '' Linda , because they be quick learner . they take it to they parent , and they parent spread it amongst themselves . now they be all eee style be almost upon he , she can still only see he fron the front . she 's start to hear a squishing SOUND . style ( terrify ) become what ? cane nlook up ) what I have already become ... style come close and look behind he as cane rise . we swing around to reveal that cane 's get a fron where he back should be . he 's two face out different halve , face opposite direction ! the half ' that now face style be decidedly not human . cane ( distort ) one of then ! 62 the cane-thing point at a corner . a blaring collection of alien cry suddenly fill the room , follow by gust of wind . . 7 ~ on ' styzz she '' look . have eo rekeniE the we do not see what she see , but she reaction make we glad that we do not . Light suddenly hit she face and she hair blows back . she open she mouth to scream but no sound come out . in a second it 's over and the light be go . on cane as he grab style and pull she close . cane ( distort ) the secret of my success . all that storey of horrible , slimy , thing try to get back in ... ( pull she closer ) «+- they be all tre . he start drag she to he table . cane I be let they in Linda . they give not the power to make my storey real , and now I and - write we world into theirs . he seat she in the chair , hard , and force she to look at he manuscript . cane ( cont . ) and here 's the instrument of they homecome . what you have come look for . the new bible . fiction become reality ... and reality become a memory . read it Linda ... and learn the true nature of you ' existence . - on style wt het ae ' i 1 ' ! 63 as cane force she head down into the page of " in the mouth of madness . " this time she scream , for a long time . blood shoot out of burst vessel in she eye as stare at the manuscript . style ( scream ) I can seeeefee !!! . CUT to : ext . black church - nizcnt the steeple against the sky , barely visible . Black on black . style ' cry echoes out . CUT to : int . trent and style ! room - night trent have fall asleep on the bed . a knocking at the wake he up . he sit up , look at he watch , then for the door . he open it . style be there , sweat - 's oake and bloody . she collapse into trent 's arn the minute the door swing open . door '' stunne ) eee ee , lindal Linda ! he carry she to the bed . she 's catatonic . he run into the bathroom and come back with a wet wash -cloth . he start to wipe she face . the blood come off and she appear to have no visible wound . trent {to himself ) where the hel ) do the blood come from ... style eye snap open and she start to grab at trent . trent it 's okay , jeezus , where the hell do you go ! style ( frenzied , between breath ) I be lose not , I and lose I John ... help I . I be iese not ! her arn grab he back , she knuckle be white . 64 Linda , what do they do ? what - happen ! ? style ( craze ) I see the book . do not read it John , do not look at it ! he 's open the door , it 's already start ... I look , and now . I be lose I . tell I I exist , tell I I be real ! trent of course you be real , you be here and you be safe now , you be with I . style ( scream again ) I be lese I !!! trent lay she down on the bed . : trent : stay here , do not move . I 'a just go to see if I can find a phone that work ... trent rush out of the room . cut to : int . pickman HOTEL - night trent race into the lobby and frantically search for a phone . he can not find one . he slap he hand down on the bell but no one appear . trent c'mon you old bitch ... he step around the desk and into the back office . CUT to : int . back office - night trent find a staircase lead down into the basenent . he hear a whacking SOUND , and follow it down . . . CUT to : . _ — _ — — __ no — — er 65 int . basement - night trent come down . the whacking SOUND be stronger in the dark basenent . trent not Mrs. pickman ? trent make out the outline of a swinging bulb and grab its chain . he pull it . the light go on . trent's Pov of Mrs. pickman 's silhouette . it seem to be impossibly perch on some sort of tentacles . the silhouette . suggest something totally alien be go on beneath Mrs. pickman 's waist . the silhouette be whack away at something with a axe . we glimpse another , frail silhouette wave about madly . the unfortunate Mr. pickman . close on mrs . pickman we only see she face , . which be for the most part human , except for the familiar " out of proportion " look . she swing she insane gaze towards trent. . : mrs . pickman -... ( smile ) .. you want some too , buddy ? trent stumble back , hit the stair and fall . he can not believe what he 's see . trent ( weak ) you be fake ... mrs . pickman ( come at he ) I be hungry ... . CUT to : int . pickman HOTEL - night trent race up towards he room , not notice the painting . on the painting . all three have now totally transformed . the cow graze have now become tentacled creature rip the ground away to reveal human body ' underneath . the boy have now stop play with he dog and start eat it , and the lover have become half -human , half " cane -thing '' and have start a three - way with the thing that 's crawle from the creek . all the vainting look like rhotograph from life . cuT to : int . trent and style ' room - night trent burst in . style be not there , but there be deep long gashes in the wall . trent pound on the bathroon door . he 's still in shock . + trent we're go ! now ! style ( 0.s. ) too late ... : trent ( frenzied ) c'mon ! no time for this mrs phitit ! ee trent hear she giggle , and he notice that something be leak out from underneath the bathroom door . brackish water . there be tiny , slimy , salamander - like thing swim in it . trent Linda , please ... trent back away from the door . he look out the window . trent's Pov of the three legge dog crossing the street down below . we hear the sound of chaos and destruction fron all over the town . on trent scare . he hear the bathroom deor click open . style enter the room . her foot squish on the wet rug . trent have he back to she . she speak in sob . she speak with ip for . 67 trent Linda ... if this be phony , yod get I good . now let 's go home . style ( 0.s. ) we be home ... trent start to turn . he see style . his reaction send nim back with such sudden force that not shatter the window he 's be stand in front of . on style we see half she face first . normal . then she turn . the other half be not normal . it 's clench , out of proportion . it hang off she skull like raw meat . the eye be totally roll back in its socket . a tear drip from one eye , a drop of blood from the other . style . ( torture ) i'm losing meeeee !!! trent approach she , but she smack hin away . style read the book John , it 's easier when you know . she come at hin . int . hallway - night trent be throw through the door . he come smashing into a wall as bit of wood and plaster fall around hin . CUT to : ext . STREET - night trent come racing out of the hotel and into the street . he take a few breath but soon focus on the sound around he . it 's a orchestra of insanity . cry and scream rise '' to a roar . the street may be empty , but the sound come from within the building reveal where the people be , and what they be do . 68 they be change . become . from the sound of it , it 's a painful process . trent throw he hand over he ear and run towards the nearest shelter .. CUT to : int . local bar - night a trent rush inside and slam the door shut . the sound stop . he -hang he head . the bar be dark , but we can see that it 's a wreck . beer and liquor flood the floor , and there be dozen .of gasn ana scratch on the wall . beard man ( 0.3 . ) you still here ? trent jump and turn towards the voice . he can make out the bearded man sit against a far wall . his clothes be in rag and a large chunk of flesh be miss from he cheek . torn or bitten out . beard man ( cont . ) busy night . be busy since cane come , start messin ' with the church . ° trent ( lese it ) special effect , hide Fe tee speaker , you people be pro , I will give you that ... he struggle to light a cigarette . can not get it do . beard man the thing I can not remember be , what come first ? we or the book ? trent explode and hurl a beer mug at the bearded man . it shatter above he head . he do not care . trent ( scream ) we be not live in a sutter cane story !!! you people be either phonies , psychos or both ! this be not reality !!! beard man reality 's not what it use to be . `s trent ( pain ) / God this place make my head hurt beard man ( sympathetic ) hey ... . trent look away . beard man ( cunt . ) no really ...c' mon . trent slowly look up . beard man ( cont . ) see this ? the bearded man point at he wound with the tip of the shotgun he 's be hold . he let the edge of both barrel rest against the open surface . beard man ( cont . ) this be do by a five year - Old ... my five year old . she do I after she mon do she , trent look on in horror as the man' eye start to glow yellow . beard man ( cont . ) ( thickly ) you be glone . trent hear a ripping SOUND behind the bearded man 's back . Zt 's follow by a wet SOUND . a slithering SOUND . two tentacles emerge from the bearded man 's back , even as he feature grow nore disproportionate . the tentacles smack the floor like ground fish as the bearded man look at bibpibd with a apologetic expression . his hand go to the trigger . trent do not , beard man I have to , he write not this 's way ... the bearded man pull the trigger . the blast echoes through the room . he slump over dead as he tentacles break off and slither into separate corner of the room . trent stumble through the decor . 70 ext . STREET - night trent run straight into a powerhouse smack deliver by style , who start descend on he . about half a dozen change townspeople and a few of the kid be behind she . they , all . appear out of proportion . trent rise ' as style giggle . he belt she hard and she go out like a light . he start drag she to the car , away from the mob . cuT to : int . trent's car - night trent open it up and fling style ' inside . he slip in behind the wheel as the mob stagger towards he . he stare at they , freeze , not believe what he see . trent ( shut he eye ) one and one be two ... two and two be four ... have regain some control , he open he eye and search for the car key . he can not find then . he hear a giggle to he side and look over . style jingles the key in front of she , before pop they down she throat . trent lunge for she and stick he hand as far into she mouth as it will go . she fight with he as the mob get closer . trent take a look out the window and see then get closer , he belt style again , and go to work on the steering column . he pull a screwdriver out of the glove compartment and hack at the column until the case cone off . all the while the mob get closer . trent start to hotwire the car , just as one of the kid puta they face against the close driver - side window . at this point the kid look more like something you would find at the bottom of the sea than anything human . trent stare at the face for just a moment , before starting the car and tearing out . ' cur to : | ext . rural road - night trent 's car roll down the bumpy road . 71 int . trent's car = night trent mumble to himself as he go . trent never leave the city , why do not I learn ... : style ( 0.8 . ) ( weakly ) be we leave ? trent ( reassure ) we be already home . style ( 0.58 . ) do not leave I . he do not answer . ext . rural road - night trent drive on . wom CUT to : int . trent's car - night / later trent wipe the foggy moisture off the inside of the windshield . it 's grow foggy outside . ( piss ) where 's the fuck highway ? ext . rural road - night trent slow the car to a atop in front of a isolate phone beoth . he get out and head for it . he stop and look around . no telephone pole . the booth be not connect to anything , yet it 's light from inside . trent ' ( to himself ) : call triple - a , call the cop , eall mom ... 72 he laugh to himself . he start check he pocket for change . he stop when he hear a squeaking behind he . he let the change drop to the ground as he slowly turn around . — os come at he from down the road be the white haire boy on the bicycle . the boy pedal fitfully past trent , who merely look on in silence . the boy continue down the read until he vanish into the darkness . then the phone in the booth begin to ring . trent stare at it , back away . style ( 0.s. ) he 's get a job for you ... trent turn and face a fully transformed style , who crawl towards he like a crab on the ground , arm bent back at impossible angle . this be too much , trent find himself step on she to get back to the car . once he do , he tear out . CUT to : . int . trent's car - night trent drive on behind a face of stone . he light a cigarette and let it dangle out of the corner of he ' mouth . he start to play with the radio dial . all he 's get be static . trent's pov of the road ahead . Stark , bare . on trent as he bolt up . the cigarette drop into he seat and burn he . he stare ahead in disbelief . he screech to a stop . cuT to : ext . hobb be end MAIN STREET - night trent have pull back into the town . the nob await he arrival . trent tear out in reverse and back out of town , leave burnt rubber . : . CUT to :. 73 int . trent's car = night trent panic . / trent a few bad call , a few wrong turn ... CUT to : ext . rural road - night trent 's car speed along . cur to : int . trent's car - night trent speed by the boy on the bicycle . the now horrific style be riding on he backseat , laughing and have a great time . ccut to : ext . rural road = night trent 's car swerve as he race by then . eee cee eae cur to : int . trent's car - night / later trent try to drive through what appear to be a dense fog . he clear the moisture away and strain to see out the windshield . : eat 74 trent's pov as the fog clear . he 's drive into hobb 's end again . this time the dog charge hia . CUT to : ext . hobb be end MAIN STREET - night trent 's car pull a sharp u-turn and screech away . , CUT to : int . trent be caR - night trent drive on , sweaty and about to crack , CUT to : ext . rural road - night trent 's car race by the boy again , only this time style be riding the bike alone and Chasing the boy out in front of she . - trent pay they no mind . CUT to : int . trent's car - night trent drive on , bored . expecting the inevitable . CUT to : ext . hobb be end MAIN STREET - night ' trent pull into the town . the mob await . CUT to : style have other plan . she suddenly appear right in front ef trent 's car . out of reflex more than anything else , trent swerve to avoid she . . CUT to :. 75 ext . hobb be end MAIN STREET - night trent 's car skid out of control and slam into a nearby park car . CUT to : int . trent's car - night trent 's head collide with the steering wheel , knock hin out . fade out fade in ext . black church - night the dog sit outside , with the child , CUT to : int . black church ~ night a confessional booth sit against one wall . in front of the pews . CUT to : int . confessional booth - night we're on trent 's side . he sit there , try to light a cigarette . shadows from the beoth 's partition fall on he face . he wipe matte hair away from he eye . cane 's voice come through from the other sida of the booth . cane ( 0.8 . ) do you want to know the problem with place like this , with religion in general ? do tell . cane ( 0.s. ) it 's never know how to convey the anatomy of horror . it seek discipline through fear , ' yet do not understand the nature of creation . no one 's ever believe it enough to make it real . the sane can not be say of ny work . ~ trent you have a point ? cane I think you know it . cynic a such as yourself be ny flock . you desire to " be there when the shit go sour " be share by most of humanity . a - humanity that 's be wait for its true master to arrive . to make all this ... real . trent you work be not real . this be something else . cane ( 0.s. ) what be it ? trent ( desperate ) - mass hysteria , psycho fan , '' you cane out here and found some kind of cult . cane ( 0.s. ) I come out here and find ~-- - gomethe that use to only exist in my imagination . you need my book to see it , and once you see it , dt , all that year think it be just my dream , not realize they be tell not what to write . trent they do a shitty job . cane ( 0.s. ) you sound calm for a man who 's see what you have tonight . trent ( unsteady ) all I have be my eye , and I 's have to believe they . I 'l ) sort this shit out later , but right now I have to believe ny eye . he start to fall apart . 77 trent ( cont . ) {voice rise ) they be ny fuck eye , and I have to believe they !!! trent take a deep breath and calm down . trent ( cont . ) you book suck anyway ... cane ( 0.s. ) you must try ny new one . the other have have quite a effect , but this one will drive you absolutely mad ... so I hear . cane ( 0.8 . ) it prepare you , make you feady for the change , it 's work wonder here , we have have a very successful test market , now it 's ready for the world . it 's bound to 'a best seller ... I and very , very popular . let I . show you something two thick arm shoot through the partition and grab trent by the neck . they slam trent 's head against the partition frame . . CUT to : int . steeple attic - night : trent come to in the steel chair . a bare arn reach out of the darkness and apply a damp cloth to he forehead , trent bolt up and start to focus amid all the dark space . style ( 0.s. ) you promise not to leave not . Linda ? style ( 0.s. ) you break you word . style rear up . 78 style ( distort ) he hurt I ... trent 's eye harden , he ignore the last comment . . trent , where 's cane ? style who ? . fp mee fee ey raye sree bee sutter cane . style he 's finish :.. she step aside and reveal ' cane at the table . he 's in human form , and he 's type . as he write , a rip in reality appear behind cane and grow wider by the stroke . style ( cont . ) he 's let they al ] back tees tha rip get bigger . trent rise and fight he way towards the table against the fierce wind come from the rip . ( pull paper out ) all do ... ( point to rip ) " the mouth of madness . * ( hold up book ) your to deliver John ... trent ( shouting ) what !? cane I will be join my new " publisher " , in there . you will have to take this back to the world for I . it 's what you do ... " what I do !? " 79 cane you still do not realize ... ny book do not replace you / world , it become you world . you only work in it . trent no , I know what 's real . I know what I am ! : cane ( start to change , smile ) you be what I write , nothing more . do you think my agent choose you py accident ? trent react . cane ( cont . ) he read about you John , in this book . he know you would be the one to deliver it to the world . to make what 's happen here , happen everywhere . he try to stop you . wo trent ~— tt no mind reeling . he think back to the agent charge the coffee shop . trent I be not a piece of fiction . cane ( leer ) I think ... therefore you be . ( hold up the book ) you be in here John , read it if you do not believe not . the rip grow wider , and the inhabitant of the other side start to come across . we can tell by the light and SOUND . cane ( cont . ) ( distort ) spread the word . cane pick trent up and hurl he out the window . CUT to : 80 ext . church - night trent come fly out of the steeple , bounce orz the roof , and land ' mard - on the ground . he painfully get to he foot and look up at the steeple . . on the steeple it explode in blackness . a blacker than black darkness leak out of the aftermath , and start swallow everything around it . we can hear the sagging of wood and the grinding of glass and metal as the darkness begin to e@at away hobb 's end . it come straight for trent . everything in its path turn grey and crumble at its touch . on trent : as he start to run from the cloud . we hear he heartbeat . CUT to : ext . STREET = night trent make a run for he car , with the darkness on he heel . he get in and tear we . . CUT to : ext . rural road - night trent 's car speed by as the darkness eat everything behind it . animal catch in the cloud sounp different once they be inside . more bestial . we hear other thing inside the darkness as well . alian thing . on trent / as he drive away . he take a fevere lock back , and panic when he see the darkness right behind he . trent look forward and freak when he see the tree he 's about to it . trent shit ! on the manuscript of '' in the mouth of madness " on the front seat , page fly by as the car roll along , cut to : ext . rural road - night trent 's car skid and slam into the tree . on trent as he smashes against the steering wheel , again . he go out , . -~_. cur to : ext . rural road = day beautiful country afternoon . the sun reflect off the crack windshield of trent 's car . trent 's slump tigure begin to stir inside . CUT to : int . trent's car - day trent slowly sit up . groggy , hurt . he put a hand to he head . he draw a deep , painful breath . he cough out a exhale . he open the door and climb out . trent ( rub he head ) one too many time ... ' 82 ext . trent's car - day trent have some initial trouble deal with both stand ‘up and the glare from the sun . after a few second he manage both . he survey the wreck . the car 's front end be crumpled . the tree he hit bend ominously over the car . trent watch as it crack and fall forward . it crush what 's leave of the car . after a few second , trent turn away and start - walk towards the main road . : cuT to : ext . rural road - day trent walk along , daze and lifeless . he stop when he hear a sudden squeaking . the squeaking of a bicycle . trent turn and see a kid approach . trent 's relieved to see that it 's a normal kid - on a normal bike . he flag the kid down . : hey kid . the kid , about ten , pedal up to trent . he have a knapsack full of roll up newspaper . kid - >> - you want a paper ? ( peat ) I be a book . I think I be from Brooklyn but I and actually a book . a horror novel . one - that drive people insane and turn they into monster . kid ( beat ) uh ... that 's great . listen , umm , you be in a accident or something ? ( beat ) yeah . ' kid want I to get somebody ? : trent no thanks . just tell I which way 's the highway . 83 kid straight up , the kid start to pedal away . trent . hey kia ! the kid stop and turn back . trent ( cont . ) you ever hear of hebb 's ena ? the kid shake he head " no . " trent ( cont . ) thanks , . the kid pedal off . trent start to trudge towards the highway . . CuT to : ext . rural road '' later trent walk on , tired and sweaty . a unlit cigarette dangle out of he mouth . : ~ so ~~ cur to : ext . highway - later trent try to thum a ride . a truck pull over . trent get into it . '' CUT to : int . truck cab - night trent sit next to a jovial , three - hundred pound trucker , trucker where ya head ? trent ( matter of fact ) New York . ' trucker really ? what do you do ? & trent ( matter of fact ) I 'ma book , a horror novel , you be in it too , everyone the trucker look at he . CUT to : '' ext . highway - night the truck screech to a halt . when it leave again , trent be lett stand on the side of the road . trent gotta stop say that . cot to : ext , motel - night . a cheap dive ort the highway . . cuT to : int . trent's room : - night trent 's lie on the bed , fully clothed . all the light ana the t.v- : - be on , trent suddenly pick up the phone , start dial a number . . CUT to : int . harglow 'ss office ~ night the phone ring , but the office be empty . cuT to : int . trent's room - night trent hang up . he head for the bathroom . cot to : int . bathroom - night trent stare at himself in the mirror as the shower run . his face be older . . . CUT to : . " a 85 int . trent's room - later trent 's in bed , sleep . all the light and t.v be still on . CUT to : int . motel lobby - next day trent walk through the lobby . he appear more together , a little clean up . the desk ¢: + &@ pimply face teen , call out ct . hin . '' Mr. trent ! trent head over to the desk . clerk ( cont . ) Package for you sir , the clerk place a manilla envelope ‘on the desk in front of hin . trent eye it , suspicious , it bear he name , but no return address . trent no one know I be here . clerk someone do , .----~ - trent and the package exit the lobby . CUT to : int . trent's room ~ day trent sit before the package , smoking a cigarette . he stare at it . a knock on the door startles hia . what !? maid ( 0.s. ) housekeep . trent not now . , trent hear the footstep of the may fade away . he pick - the package up . start to cpen it . he pull out the content . : it 's cane 's manuscript of " in the mouth of madness . " CUT to : int . motel lobby - day trent charge towards the front desk and grab the startle clerk by the collar . trent hold up the manuscript . trent ( tight ) - who deliverad this ? ' clerk it do not know ... trent who !? clerk I do not know ! I be not here last night . trent who be !? a large , muscular man appear from the front office and head towards trent . : man Zt be , and i.did not see shit , 50 let the boy go . trent drop the clerk and charge out of the lobby . CUT to : int . trent's room - day trent burn the manuscript in the bathroom . he set off the smoke alarm . he 's careful to keep the page turn away from he face . . cuT to : ext . highway - pay a large tour bus roll by . cuT to : ' int . bus - pay trent be seat at a window seat , next to a prunish old lady with bright orange hair . she 's in the middle of sone erratic monologue . trent 's try to ignore she . old lady I remember New York during the depression , people think they have it bad now , you should have see the bowery back then . body pile two , three foot high or the gutter ... as she speak , she voice fade until trent hear nothing but silence . he look at she mouth move . he hang he head against the window . CUT to : ext . highway < night the bus roll on . CUT to : int . bus - night everyone but the driver be asleep . the interior light be off . the only illumination be provide by the strobe of the pass traffic and lamp post . as e stir awake . he turn towards the old lady dnd find cane in she place . the cane-thing actually . cane ( distort ) wait until you get to the end John , the irony will ki11 you . trent clamp he eye shut . wish the hallucination away . he open they , and cane be still there . cane ( cont . ) I be not go anywhere . I and sod now , you understand ? trent God 's not suppose to be a hack horror writer . ne ( smile ) you will never know unless you read the book . but maybe I can help you believe . look around when you wake up . do I ever - tell you my favorite color be blue ? . Te cee on trent as he wake up for real . his eye widen as he look around . trent's Pov of the bus . there 's blue everywhere , where there be none before . the old lady 's hair be now that @ecrepit shade of blue old lady seem to favor . the inside of the bus be blue . everyone 's get a blue shirt on . even trent 's gray jacket be now blue . on trent scream . Tre cur to : ext . highway = night the bus roll to a stop on the highway 's shoulder . CUT to : int . bus - night the driver and the old lady be try to calm trent down . trent have he hand dig so far into he seat that he 's tear the upholstery . he 's start to look like the man we know from cell number nine . driver relax buddy , you be awake now . trent start to settle down . he 's actually cry . ' old lady do not cry , it be just a bad dream ... 89 ' xt . highway - night the bus roll back out into traffic . cuT to : ext . new england state municipal build - day people hustle in and out of the official building . , cur to : int . office - day a pack and smokey floor deep within the building . a sweaty fog of irritation hang over the crowded group of people wait in various line . trent be at a information counter engage in a tense debate with the short , flabby middle - age woman man the counter . she sport a crown of poorly coiff blue hair . woman be you deaf and dumb sir ? trent smile and take a drag on he cigarette . he 's tempt to blow the smoke in the woman' . face but resist it . . eee trent ae look , miss . I be there . in the town . in that town . there be people there . hone , store . woman ° I do not doubt that . what I be tell you for the tenth time be that it could not have be call hobb 's end . there never be , be , or shall be any such place by that name in this state . trent stare at she . woman ( cont . ) eyer. ' int . different bus - night trent sit way in the back , keep a eye on the other passenger . he lean he head back . he start to giggle . 90 ext . new jersey turnpike - day the bus speed towards New York . it enter the lincoln tunnel . . cur to : int . port authority bus BAY - day trent 's bus pull into a space and hiss to a stop . passenger begin to disembark . trent step out , look rumple but stable . CUT to : int . port authority build - day trent make he way through the building towards the street . as he walk , he become aware of the numerous | derelict and mental patient lining either side of the building , slump in garbage . trent become uneasy . some of the derelict be flat out stare at he . trent 's walk slow . reluctantly , he start to stare back as he pass then . ' each one be more gruesome than the last . one have chalk white skin line with red sore . one have grey and sallow skin , another have sink eye and a distend mouth . a third woman be the worse yet . she 's bald , revealing a scalp cover with scab . she laugh to herself , and every muscle in she face be clench . she lock too much like style . on trent as he start to shake . he back right into a transit cop and the cop 's german shepherd . cop you alright man ? the dog start to sniff trent . trent look down at the dog , and when he look back up , the cop have become cane in . uniforn . . cane ( distort ) read it . Wen '' trent attack the cane / cop . / cur to : '' ext . port authority - day trent be @ragge inte a police car by three officer , include the one he attack . : CUT to : : int . precinct house =~ night trent stand before the desk sergeant , receive he belonging back , trent pocket he stuff and walk out . he notice several of the officer read " the hobb 's end horror " as he go . cuT to : int . subway station - night trent 's stand on a subway platforn , other connuter give _ he a wide berth . for a moment , trent seen like he 's contemplate suicide . he step closer to the platform , but finally back . away . he turn back towards the wall and notice a ad for " the hobb's end horror . '' it 's the same ad he 's see before . the one with the corner peel away . he pull on it again , and this tine it start come off , revealing the ad beneath it . it 's a ad for " in the mouth of madness " , it feature he own face , run in terror from the black church , the shiny black piece he glimpse before be he own hair . trent stare at it . no one else seen to notice . he and the book be finally one and the same . madison Avenue say so . ext . trent's STREET - night trent approach he building , 1 trent's pov he catch a glimpse of some freak selling cane book offa street stand ala '' dianetics . " : cur to : 92 int . trent's apartment - night trent be awake in he bed . dissolve int . trent's apartment - day ~ trent 's in exactly the sane position , and he 's awake . he have not sleep at all . CUT to : int . trent's kitchen - day trent be make some coffee . he pour himself a cup and turn towards the table . he @rop the cup and it shatter on the floor . trent freeze . sitting on the table , mix in with the mail , be a manilla envelope . the one from the motel . the one with cane 's manuscript in it , trent pick it up . 7 he slowly peer inside . after a second he clamp it shut and throw it in a rage across the apartment . it land behind the couch . . trent turn away from the table and go to the sink . he iet some vater run into he hand and bring it up to he '' face . he run it across , then turn back to the table . the envelope be back , sit as neat as a pin on top of the mail . trent stare at it , on the edge of a breakdown . he snatch it up and start tearing it into a million piece . he take the piece and exit the kitchen . : CUT to : int . elevator - day trent ride down in he building 's elevator . the other passenger give he a wide berth . CUT to : int . basement ~ day trent throw the piece into the building 's furnace . CUT to :- , ne 93 int . harglow's office - day / trent be seat in front of harglow 's desk . harglow be stand , face trent . harglow that 's quite a story . if you be a author , I would publish it myself . do you believe it ? . : trent if I do not . what 's ay option ? that I be crazy ? I be not crazy . harglow you have hear the rumor about the effect cane 's book have have on certain reader . trent Linda tell I ... harglow yes ... the woman you clain we send with you , even though I know we send you off alone . why would not I remember she ? ( smile ) she be write out . low ( beat ) all I and try to gay be ... maybe cane 's book have a effect on you . - trent ( not buy it ) any maybe I never destroy the new book . harglow well , that 's how I know what you be say be not true , trent ( sit up ) what be you talk about ? harglow you deliver the book three day ago . to I personally . you find it in he uptown office . it 's already in galley . harglow step aside , revealing a bound galley of '' in the mouth of madness , '' harglow smile . be he one of they ? trent ( sweaty ) have you ... have you read it ? harglow ( sheepish ) I never read cane 's work ... have not get the stomach for it ... - trent do not publish it . even i¢ everything I have tell you be total loony tune , I know that book will drive people crazy ... harglow ( greedy smile ) mee let 's hope so , I have already license the film rights . dissolve : ext . CITY = day assorted shot of the city . radio ( v.0 . ) the newest , and presumably posthumous work of sutter cane hit the stand today at number one on the best seller list . " in the mouth of madness " be expect to break all previous publish record ... dissolve : , ext . midtown bookstore - pay people on line to buy cane 's book . radio ( v.0 . ) on the local scene , police be at a loss to explain the outbreak of violent crime | among the city 's clergy ... we move in on the window display jamme with copy of " zr the mouth of madness . " a figure appear in the window 's . reflection . . a : radio ( v.0 . ) ( different broadcast ) the mayor have call a emergency meeting of law enforcement and medical agency to discuss a apparent epidemic of paranoid schizophrenia ... we reveal the figure to be trent . a different trent. unshaven , dirty ... crazy . he look like a derelict . he 's wear a long , filthy trenchcoat . . a customer emerge from the bookstore . he 's carry a co ) of '' in the mouth of madness . " he read while he walk , a he bump into trent . trent - like it ? woe nee the customer look up . he 's get a blood tear run down one cheek . : customer Love it . trent good . trent open he coat , revealing a huge fireaxe . trent ( cont . ) then this should not be a surprise . — trent swing the axe down , cleaving the man 's chest open . he.then go to work on the store window . in the backgrour we hear people scream . siren approach . end flashback 96 int . trent's cell - night wrenn lean back in he chair and regards trent . trent exhales a floor . cloud of smoke , then stamp the butt out on the there 's a long pause before anyone say anything . trent it 's spread out there , be not it ? wrenn ( still blow away by the story ) just because you know the symptom doas not mean you story be true . * trent there 's only one true story now , and he 's write it . wrenn but I know I be real , not a character in a live hook . trent how would you know ? unless you wera the one write ? - wrenn {beat} John , my daughter read cane 's book ... she have not mutate , or murder anyone ... : trent : maybe she be one of then already . wrenn one of what ? trent the original owner . they be back . we only rent . wrenn ( beat ) I will come back John , I promise . I want to help you . 97 trent _- no hurry , it 's safer in here now . it will get worse out / there ... a _- wrenn i why ? any species can smell its own extinction , in ten year , maybe less , the human race '' ill be 's scary bedtime story , for they kid . a myth . nothing nore . wrenn stare at he , then exit . int . corridor - night wrenn walk away with yarbrough . yarbrough ( anxious ) . do he have anything to say ? wrenn -— .. ( shaking he . head ) : he vas useless . thinks he 's fiction , and that sutter cane 's cause the epidemic . yarbrough ( beat ) do you read sutter cane ? wrenn decline to answer . CUT to : ff . long island railroad train - night wrenn sit , look out into the night . he turn away fron the window and stare at he fellow passenger . several of they be read cane 's new book . they eye appear glassy and wide . weird smile and expression . wrenn start to feel uncomfortable . . . radio ( v.0 . ) '.. another thirteen dead in what . . appear to be a randon murder . . across the tri-state - in a unrelated story , . nothing new on the outbreak of | . cannibalism in the nation 's capitol ... wrenn rise and move to another car as the broadcast fade out . the people read the book turn and watch hin go . cot to ; int . wrenn' kitchen - night wrenn be have a cup of coffee . his wife be Cleaning off the kitchen counter . a crash startles wrenn . he turn to he wife and see that she 's drop the coffee pot . it 's shattered on the floor . wife ' ( weird , giggly ) I be so cluasy lately ... _ as she say this , she scrape she fingernails against the surface of the floor , create a high - pitched screech . wrenn wince . - wrenn honey , please ... cot to : int . state pacility - night trent be seat in a chair in the rec room , watch tiv . we hear a news announcer give he report . . announcer ( 0.8 . ) multiple stabbing marre a fauily reunion in New trent stare at the t.v. , unizpress . '' announcer ( cont . ) more on that after this special report on the sutter : , cane phenomenon ... . one of the guard change the channel by rencte . another patient , a small , wiry man sit down next to trent . he 's get a copy of '' in the mouth of madness . " he show it to patient you want it when I be do ? '' . trent . no ... I be wait for the ef . zovie . . . trent start to laugh . the patient next to he join in . soon , the whole room be laughing . ' ' CUT to : ext . state facility ~ night the laughter echoes out over the grounds . . . cur to : int . wrenn' bathroom - night wrenn get ready for bed . he wash he face , then ary it . he look at himself in the bathrooa airror . on the mirror we can see he wife in the nirror 's reflection . she 's in ses bed , read . reading cane 's book . on wrenn as he head into the bedroca . wrenn ( to himself ) dann trent ... : CuT to : ' int . wrenn' bedroom - night wrean cross , the room and cliab into bed next to he wife , he stare at she . : wrenn like the book . ces ' she nod . - wt . almost do . wrenn roll over , face away from she . wrenn ( tiny bit 's nervous ) feeling okay ? wife ( 0.8 . ) of course . 7 + wrenn close he eye . he hear a sudden giggle . wife ( 0.8 . ) darling ... what ? the light in the room go out . but we see ¥renn 's wif eye glow in the dark . we hear something move ... somet wet . : wife ( 0.8 . ) ( distort ) I can see ... and it 's beautiful . fade to black