" in the heat of the night " by stirling silliphant revised first draft : 7/1/66 for educational purpose only 2nd revised 9/28/66 '' in the heat of the night " fade up : black screen - the cpening title supere over a series of the following shot : the air be fill with quiet , country , night sound , shattered by the distant blare of a diese ! train , the light from the train gradually dence across the surface of the polished rail . we now see the railroad track more clearly , stretch out before we . as the horn blow again to signal a approach station , the headlight grow in intensity and flare into the lens . as the train roll by , the camera pan with it to reveal a weathered sign . we read the sign in the rapid flash of light fram the cceach window : you be now enter the town of spurta , Mississippi . welcome . close shot - coach wheel come toa stop . steam from the cool system curl around the lower step . camera stays with the foot of one , lono possenger , revealing a suitcase and leg only . camera pan foot across the desert station platform . CUT to : wheel of train os it start out of station , the diesel horn again shatter the stillness of the night . as train pull out , camera pan up to reveal empty street . we realize the train have pass over a open street crossing . 1 int . a diner ~ extreme close shot - a fly on a calendar - night we hear the diesel horn of the train in the b.g . the calendar be one of that with a topping photo of a nubile nymph sun herself ona rock . below , September be subdivide into square . a transient fly travel from September ten to the girl 's navel where he step the preen himself . splat ! the kill end of a rubber band obliterate he . 2 close shot - a gleeful ralph henshaw marksman extraordinaire , counterboy of this shabby all - night diner , grin at the triumph of man over fly . ralph be nineteen . his sharp , bony face be shadow by teenhood acne , ( continue ) 2 nd revised 9/28/66 2 continued : voice ( o.s. ) where you keepin ! the pie tonight ? angle shot post a police officer at the counter in immediate f.g. , and toward Ralph in the b.g . the police officer be SAM wcod . ralph man eat the last just ' fore you come in , Sam nod irritably . under he armpit halfmoon of sweat testify to the September heat . Ralph pull back the end of the thick rubber band with he right hand , extend he aim loft hand which grip the opposite end of the band toward another fly which have come to roost on the stain wall near the coffee tub . Sam icok away from the fly hunt , fix he eye on a cloud plastic lid cover a cake dish on the counter . a fone wedge slump isolate beneath the lid . SAM who 's that tittle ole orphan in there ? splat ! the fly killer glance over he shoulder at the cake plate . ralph marblecake . Sam shake he head , drain the last of the watery ic . from nis coke glass , get off the stool . ralph ( continue ; ease forward ) you can have she free , Sam - she bein 's all by herself there . SAM {coldly } { tell you ' bout that ' Sam ! business ! ralph sorry , mister Wood ! | mean , Officer Wood . ( continue ) he 2nd revised 9/28/46 3 5 a ray continued : the teenager 's defiance echoe benecth this mack subservience . Sam plank a dime onto the counter , walk out , hitching up he gunbelt authoritatively as he go . ext . the diner = pan shot ~ SAM wcod - nicht cross toward the park police vehicie , the only cor in the dirt lot separate the highway from the diner , as he walk , Sam tug out a soile handkerchief , wipe the sweat from he forehead , dab inside he collar . at the car Sam open the door , get into the car , reach for the radio=phone , SAM Wood to radio , leavin 's compton 's now . x voice anythin ' happenin ' cut there ? x SAM Hell , man ! some chanee ! voice cardinais eight . ciant two . x SAM ten four . x int , car - closeup - sam' hand - night turn key , start ignition , camera follows he hand as he put car in gear , then as car pull away , the camera follows Sam 's hand as it adjust rear vision misror . sereen have a variety of out - of- focus light turn in the mirror , Sony transistor radio hang from the rear view mirror . the speed of the car be slow . Southern country music biare through speaker perforation . camera pan to no - draft window as Sam 's hand open it and direct wir on the driver . camera pan ceross dashboard revealing a plastic Jesus , sticker , pencil , clipbeurd , etc . CUT to : revised 9/28/66 3a 10 12 14 ext , STREET in business section > night in blank window we seo full reflection of the police car cruise by . music continue as we seu : int . car - SAM wood - night through windshield reflection . Sam lean forward to unstick himself from the seat , omitted he moving Pov - the block of shack Yards bare , fence collapse , house front peel , everywhere a dark and ugly facade . suddenly - up ahead - c patch of yellow violate the blackness . closer on sawn his face become almost apprehensive . ext . the STREET - the patrol car - night glide in toward the house from which the light shine . the car stop at curbside . int , the car - close on SAM - night he turn down the radio , eye ncrrow as he lock to : he Pov - the illuminated window and inside , in the kitchen , light by a bright bulb hang from the ceiling , see through the weary unmove curtain , she bare back - side and shapely naked shoulder mistily reveal , be a sixteon= year old Sam know to be deldre purdy , the girl lift a cup to she lip . SAM drop he eye , guide the car away , dab at he forehead , this time with the back of he hand , not he kerchief . 15 16 17 18 19 20 follow shot - the tail light of the patrol car ag they climb over the track , then drop out of sight on the far side . cuT to : ext . the town ~- following the tail light ~ night of the patrol car . we stay with they until suddenly they flare into camera as Sam drive he foot against the brake . the patrol car stop . we hear Sam 's door open o.s. , then slamm close . camera drop down so that we be shoot low and under the car and panning with Sam 's foot as they move around and stop - now we see why - a figure sprawle face down , eye open and beseech we , one cheek press against the pavement in the manner of a man lie flat to search for a roll quarter under a car . another angle ~ SAM and the figure Sam approach , he hand somehow drift toward the butt of he holster .38 . just above the figure , that of a well - dress man , Sam stop . closer angle - SAM look away from the figure , peer around edgily . from he angle - a complete three hundre and sixty degree sweep of the. dark building here in the center of town . no light shine . nothing move . sidewalks and pavement lie bleakly . SAM kneel toward the man sprawle on he stomach , leg apart , arm above he head . Sam feel inside and under the chest for a heartbeat , find none . he stare a long moment at the fix . profile , graven against the pavement , notice the dark blotch at the back of the head . tentatively he reach out , let he fingertip touch the matte hair . he bring he hand back and in the faint glow of the nearest street lamp consider the brown -re smear . Sam hurry to the patrol car , angle widening , CUT to : 2l 22 23 5 . int . a bedroom - angle across a man' bare feet - night he lie on top the bed . his eye be wide open , fix in a study of the ceiling . sweat run off he big body . except for a pair of rumple short he be naked . the cheap alarm clock on the night table near he head tick noisily . the man be bill gillespie , new chief of police of Wells . the telephone ring . he reach for it swiftly . none of this leisure stuff for Bill gillespie . Ring - grab . gillespie ( into the phone ) yes ? voice hate to wake you , Chief . gillespie what be it , Courtney ? the accent be not native to the area , for gillespie be a Texan , and there be a mark difference in the Southern intonation of gillespie 's voice and that or the night deskman and of Sam Wood . voice ( almost happily ) get ourselves a killin' . closer on gillespie frown . he be sit up now - on the edge of the bed . voice could even be - mister Colbert . well gillespie ell ? voice well , what , Chief ? . gillespie be it or be not it Colbert ? cur to : int , police station - angle on a tubby deputy - night at the telephone and complaint desk . this be officer GEORGE courtney , a big-belly man who sit at the board and sweat in the humid air churn by a small esk fan . ( continued ) l " in the heat of the night " rev . 9/16/66 23 ait continued : courtney Sam do not wanta mess with the body . but I get Doc Stuart on the way . gillespie' voice ( filter ) I want a photographer ... get one in town ever do this kind of work ? courtney well , now , camelia hawthorne 's boy Charlie he 's pretty good . ' less you want ole man higgins shoot all the graduation picture . curt to : int . gillespie' bedroom - close on gillespie - night gillespie iowant the best ! I do not want anybody drop the ball ! you hear ? voice sure , Chief . gillespie call in the day force . have tem stand by . tell Wood to stay where he be ' till I get there . get all that ? voice sure have , Chief . gillespie hand up , start for the bathroom , stop half - way , remember something , come back to the phone with a sense of annoyance . he pick up the instrument , dial . voice Police Department - hold on - get another call goin ' here . gillespie ( insistently ) hello ... hello ! ( continued ) 2h continued : but there be no answer . gillespie sigh , wait . then he git on the bed , try to keep the phone between shoulder _and ear as he pull on he stocking . he 's get both stocking on and be lace one shoe before : voice Police Department . gillespie ( overly - patient ) where be the scene of the crime , Courtney ? voice oh ! Main and piney , Chief . gillespie slam down the phone . CUT to : ext , the scene of the crime - a flashbulb - night explode into camera . gillespie' voice ( o.8 . ) ever photograpn a homicide ? . camera back to reveal a young man - charlie hawthorne - grip a speed graphic . charlie ( grin ) least he be not move on I . angle continue to widen so that we see now we be at the scene of the crime with gillespie . his police car be angle in toward the curb . a ambulance be park near the sprawle figure on the pavement , two attendant stand by as doctor stuart search the corpse in vain for a life-pulse . Sam Wood stand alongside gillespie and mop he sweaty forehead . gillespie ( to Charlie ) from every angle . clear ? charlie yes , sir ! ( to the attendant ) you boy move back now , hear ? ( continued ) / oe rev , 9/16/66 25 26 continued : he brace he vamesn , 4 gillespie ease J dog '' erinly ) - it 's Colbert all right . come all this way to build we a factory - make something ont of tnis town - look what it get mis gille pie ( unhappily ) what kill he ? Doc skuli 's cave in . ( shaking nis head ) that 's too bad . that 's really too bad . almost as tad for we as lor iim , gillespie ' neel el througn the pocket of the dead man . he leok up at sain . gille pil + wallet ? where 's h sah first tning I looke whoever lix any witness ? SAM - I mean , not even a cat ! gillespie ( to Doc Stuart ) how long 's not be dead ? doc less than a nour . maybe half that . gillespie ( to Sam ) could be a hiteh - hi : both end of town . : hall . ther tne depot . '' scout i the pool rey , 9/16 / 5 '' je 19 . 25 26 28 29 30 32 we u continued : ( 2 ) san Pool hall close at one , cahier . gillespie I say scout it ! cur to : omitted ext . pool hall - a circle of light - night play across the front plate glass windc : , bore into the shadow interior . another angle - toward SAM wood and the patrol car Sam snap off he spotlight , gun the car out , off dow the main . street . : CUT to : ext . the train depot - angle on the track - night lead into darkness . sudden light dance on the steel , slide up the rail , then full into camera come the head - lamp of the patrol car . tr? car brake . Sam be out at once , cut across the beam cf he headlamps as not trot toward the depot . . another angle - tracking SAM right hand probing back toward the butt of he gun as he hop onto the wooden platform and inove mota-like toward a single dusty bulb lighting the area . insect collide against the bulb . Sam 's neel erunch on the pile body of that which have fall . he arrive at the door to the wait room , ease it open , peer inside . close on SAM reacting to : from he angle - a man sit inside on one of the bench . he glarnze up from the book he have be read . . : ( continued ) 33 34 35 37 in continued : the man be a negro , in he late twenty , Sam judge , but heret a strange thing - this negro be well - dress , despite the heat , with a shirt and tie , although he have take off he suit coat and fold it neatly alongside he , his nose seem the nose of a aristocratic white man , the line of he mouth slender and well - form , the eye be even more remarkable , something dance behind they - a kind of bank fire . another angle SAM ( push forward ) on you foot , boy ! close on the negro evaluate Sam , mo , close shot - SAM and the negro SAM I mean now ! the negro reach for he coat , Sam knock he arm aside and spin he around , clamp a sweaty forearm under he chin , in this control - position , Sam search the negro , find no weapon , Sam release the throat-hold , step vack , hand firmly on he gun butt now , ready for the draw , . SAM ' gainst the wall ! hand high - and spread that finger - sol can count all tent y <u move ' fore I tell you , by God , I 'li clean you plow ! the negro appear to be especially compliant , he execute the search position with dedication , Sam pat he down , extract a wallet , Sam heft it . . SAM ( crafty ) this here 's pretty fat , boy ! closer angle - SAM open the wallet , discover it be puffed with money , ten , twenty - even a fifty , Sam exhales , almost whistle with surprise , .- ( continued ) brd rev . 9/30/66 they 37 37a 38 . 39 continued : he snap the wallet close , stuff it into he pocket . SAM outside there 's a po-leece car . you be gonna pick up this bag - walk out - plant yourself in back - be a nice quiet boy all the way in , you hear ? the negro nod , but maintain he incline on the wall . SAM wow hustle you butt , boy ! the negro straighten , pick up the suitcase , start toward the door . Sam carry the man 's jacket over one arm , the holster gun at ready as he follow he suspect . CUT to : ext . police station - night Sam pull up , open back door for tibbs , push he into Police Station . int . the police station - angle on a door - night as aman call : gillespie' voice ( o.s . ) yes ? Sam lean into shot , flick the door open , revealing gillespie inside at a desk . the negro enter shot , go in , Sam follow . int , gillespie' office - gillespie dee not look up as Sam bring in he prisoner . gillespie be pretend to make note on a pad . the Chief 's office have scar wall flaking off they ten thousandth coat of paint , a ancient desk , one leg short than the other , but compensate for by the insertion of the Wells telephone directory under it . behind gillespie 's desk be a calendar on which the elapse day of August have be precisely excise by a X through each dead unit . frame to another {continued ) new . 9/30/66 12a. 39 continued : side be the FBI 's ten most want criminal . over - head a fan revolve noisily , cry fer ofl , make a soft squeal of protest at regular interval . ( continued ) 39 40 4a 4a 13 . continued : Sam place the wallet he have take from the negro on gillespie 's desk , then fall back and stand with the negro in front of the desk until gillespie finally deign to look ud . closer angle - gillespie stare at the negro with a kind of bored detachment , close on the negro take ' care to keep any expression from he own face as he look back at the lean officer , mo , full shot the three men tne silence continue , invade solely by the fan , gillespie ( suddenly ) Wood , SAM ( almost jump ) yes , sir , gillespie ( eye on the fan ) when would I ask Courtney to get oil for that damned thing ? ' SAM last Wednesday , Chief , gillespie well , go out and tell he what day it be today ! SAM ( anxiously ) but - the prisoner ... gillespie look at the negro again . gillespie you get a name , boy ? . negro Virgil tibbs , ( continued ) rev . 9/16/65 li. he 43 continued : gillespie Virgil and I - we will not have any trouble , will we , Virgil ? tibbs no trouble at all , sir . Sam go out uneasily , closer angle - gillespie and tibbs measure each other , gillespie open the wallet , look at the money . gillespie ( friendly ) what would you hit he with , Virgil ? tibbs hit whom , sir ? the use of ' whon ' cause gillespie to raise he cyebrow , gille ? Northern boy , huh ? tibbs nod , gillespie now what 's a Northern color boy do down nere ? '' vibe wait for the train , gillespie no train this time of morning , tibbs tuesday only , the four-oh - five to Memphis , _ gillespie you say ! suddenly , from the near distance , sound the long , solemn wail of a train whistle - whoot ~ whoot - like the honk of geese pass overhead , for a moment gillespie be silent , then : ( continued ) rev , 9/16/06 43 continued : gillespie I try to run a clean , safe town - where a man can sneeze and not have he brain beat out , you follow I , Virgil ? tibbs yes , sir . gillespie i- figure - you just let a man take he own sweet time with it , he will get around to the truth , make he feel better . get it off he chest , now , you just tell I how you happen to kill mister Colbert and you will feel a whole . lot better , the door open and Sam come in with a can of oil , gillespie not now ! sau close the door , go out , tibbs . iwas visit my mother , I come in oa the twelve- thirty - five from brownsville . I be wait to <o out on the four- oh - five , gillespie meantime you kill yourself a white man , just about the most important one we have around here , picked up ... ( flipping the wallet open again ) .-. & couple of hundred dollar , he toss the wallet onto the desk , - tibbs : ( softly ) I earn that money . ten hour a day , seven day a week ! gillespie : ( snort ) color can not make money like that ! core ) ( continued ) rev , 9/16/06 16 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) gillespie ( cont would ) Hell , boy , that 's voretn I make in a whole month , where would you earn it ? tibbs Philadelphia . gillespie what do you do , boy , up there in Philadelphia make you money like that ? tibbs I 'ma police officer . gillespie stare at the tall negro , then he smile , then not chuckle a little , then he laugh out loud , his laughter bring Sam Wood catapult into the room , this time , however , gillespie do not banish he , there 's something about he prisoner that make gillespie feel he would better keep a witness on hand , tibbs reach into he breast pocket , bring out a small lapel wallet , tibbs ( softly ) here 's my I ,d , gillespie ( to Sam ) you question this man - before you bring he in ? SAM no , sir . gillespie ( fiercely ) why not ? SAM you tell I to - to scout for nitchhiker , I see this fella - with all that money - so I hustle he in ~ like you tell I : throughout all this gillespie 's eye nave not leave tibbs ! eye , slowly , almost unwillingly , Sam take tibbs ! extend lapel wallet , . gillespie well ? ( continued ) rev , 9/15/68 43 continued : Sam react gillespie . ( 3 ) vo what he see , hand tie wallet across to au gillespie study the police badge a moment , gille ? Ie you know we would not let the like of you run the law around here , do not you ? tirb ( quietly ) yes , I know that , gillespie ( to sar ) well , I be go to check on this wise city - boy from Philadelphia , you hold hi outside ... while I do , tibbs May I suggest something ? gillespie do not answer , tibbs you might want to call my chier , rather than send a telegram , ' i and sure you have to operate on a fairly tight budget for you department . this way - it 's cheaper - and faster - and I will pay for the call . gillespie ( to Sam ) you hear he , Wood ! you hear i: im tell I he will pay for the call ? «+. how much do they pay you , oy , to do they police work ? tibbs one hundred and sixty two doller and thirty nine cent a ween , gillespie one hundred and sixty two dollar and thirty nine cent a week ! you hear that , Wood ? you hear ? he move to the telephone , ( continued ) rev , 9/16/06 i , 43 4b 45 continued : ( 4 ) giliesple take he out of here} ! but trea® he easy . man who make one hundred and sixty two dollar and thirty nine cent a week , we would not want to ruffle he ! testily , he pick up the telephone , gillesfie Courtney , you think you might try and get I the long distance operator ? tibbs go out , Sam follow . int , the desk and foyer area of the staticn - pan shot - tibbs and SAM - wight Cross the compleiat desk and switchboard area . George be try to raise long distence as Sam motion tibbs past a wear wooden bench for wait complainant and through a waist-high swinging gate with a break latch , thence into a larger room slocked off by four desk , the floor be tobacco-stained , the wastebaskets be unempty , a ceiling lamp hang over each desk , three of the lamp with dusty globe , the fourth , on which the globe be kroken , shade by @ piece of bent cardboard , another angle tibbs settles down peaceably on a spartan chair , and fold he arm to wait . Sam turn away , discover that George be beckone to he with all the zeal of a goosy schoolgirl , GEORGE ( cover the phone . and whis - pering out loud ) waata listen ? ( continued ) 19 , ks continued : SAM ( shaking he head ) he catch you , he will ride you pritech ' round the block ! GEORGE he do not panic I } he resume he listen , Sam pull up 4 chair and study the wall clock - time four-twenty . 46 another angle the young cameraman , Charlie , literally burst into the reception foyer from outside , he clutches a sheath of 4 x5 photo in one hot hand , the abruptness of he arrival spin Sam around in he chair , make tibbs glance up , compel George to cover more firmly the phone on which he 's eavesdropp , charlie where 's the chier ? SAM that the dead mant picture ? charlie : ( proudly ) top , bottom , side - you name it . Sam get up , come over , one hand extend , SAM I will take ‘em , charlie ( disappointed ) I want to give they to the Chief ! SAM I say - I will take ‘em : GEORGE do like he ' say , Charlie , good work , boy , that 's really comint through on the job} reluctantly , Charlie hand the photo to Sam and exit . 47 closer angle - SAM flip through the photo , ( continued ) rev , 9/16/56 25 , 4 ? continged : am g uod dag , but conte he loox like € be & sack of o ! covfeed ? tibbs ! voice ( 0.3 . ) May I see the man I be suppose to have kill ? Sam glance around , 4 '' from he angle - tibbs be stand now . hg another angle Sam get a crafty look on he face , SAM yeah , , , why not ? he cross to tibbs and , one vy one , show he the photo 50 extreme close on tibbs his eye seem to take on new life as he lock at : ma pa prom he angle - close shc ? - uhr dead mau spraul in the final indignity . 52 favoring tibbs he continue to scrutinize the photo , SAM ( think he be lead he on ) they say the killer always come back to the scene of the crime . ai not that what they say , boy ? GEORGE ( call ) Sam ! he 's stopn talisin ' : I think he 's comin out ! ( continued ) rev . 9/10/56 el , 52 continued : Sam whirl , take the picture from tibbs view , pack they neatly in order , hurry toward the waist - .igh divider - counter as though expect gillespie 's deor to open any second now and want to look alive when it do , instead , the door from the stree : open , joc Stuart peer in . boc where do the Chief want the body ? sah Hell , Doc , how do I know ? Doc get so we will need a morgue around here , ( almost to himself ) guess I would better take hin over to ulam 's funeral farlor , . GEORGE hey , Sam , how long 's it be since we have a white man kill ? SAM Three year November , the Harris boy , he sure look like a wrap - up bug . remember that onc , doe ? Doc Stuart go out without replying , even as the door close behind he , gillespie 's door open , the Chief come out , . gillespie ( suspiciously ) who be just hers ? SAM . Doc , Chief . taxin ' the decease over to ulam 's , ( hold out the picture ) for you , gillespie take the photo , push throug . the break gate of the counter , watch it flap a moment , look over at George . gillespie think I tell you to get this fix , GEORGE not I , Chief , maybe you tell the day deskman , gillespie tighten he jaw , move toward the chair in front of which the watchful tinb stand , rev . 9/16/66 22 . 53 close on tibbs watch , 54 tibbs ' Pov - the approaching gillespie gillespie stop in front of tibbs , camera dolliz around to hold both man in sect , gillesp ig you Chief 's on the line , he want to talk to you , tibbs move to gillespie 's office , cillespie come along watchfully . 55 int , gillespie' office - night tibbs cross to the telephone , gillespie have stop in the doorway . tieb I be sorry to have involved you in this , sir , but - I do not have much choice , he listen and suddenly he eye widen , dismay begin to show on he face , he look over at gillespie . tibbs you can not be - serious ? ( but the voice on the phone be insistent ) but - but , look ... you do not have the - the complete picture , even if I could be of some help , they would not want it , wo , itm not prejudice , yes , of course , I be a@ police officer , yes , sir , they be police officer , .. apparently , the decision at the other end be final , tibbs hold out the telephone , his eye be hard , almost un - pleasant . ( continued ) rev , 9/16/06 2 cy continued : gillespie come in slowly , alaost heavily , take the phone , gillespie gillespie , he listen , then : gillespie ( eye on tibbs ) you number one homicide boy , huh ? weli , we do not need he around here , Chief , we will wrap this up all iy ourselves next couple of hour . ( a beat , settling into it naw ) see , down here in sparta , we doit have the problem you get up there no riot , wo mob run thro . we street , nobody yelliag ' burn , baby , dural ! down here in spartc , we get time ts keer the law , appear to I you need this boy of yours mere than we do , so itn especially beholden to you for offer we such a topnotch piece of manpower as gil , thanks again , Chief , ' Eye now , flushed with the pleasure of be sarcastic with so important a officer as the Chief of Police of Philadelphia , gillespie hang up the telephone , he and tibbs measure each other , ' gillis ? I that 's you wallet on the desk there , boy , tibbs pick it up , pocket ic , gillespie nobody touch it , wetre pay for that call out of we own budget ! he start out , tibbs remain tautly in room -center , gillespie stop in the doorway , he back to tibbs , gillespie ever examine dead body ? tibas ( quietly ) oftener than I like , now gillespie give he a look over he shoulder , ( continued ) rev . 7/28/66 55 56 57 ns 's > continued : ( 2 ) gillespie Weil ? there be challenge in the look - and insuly - and something else too ( gillespie 's secret knowledge that he personally have not the least damn idea how to go about examine a corpse ) . gillespie let the challenge float there for a second , then he continue out . tibbs seem to be fight some kind of inner war with himself , but he go out after gillespie . cuT to : omitted ext , ulam' funeral parlor - a flickering neon sign - gillespie' just - parked patrol car - night Doors on either side slam behind gillespie and tibbs , both already en route to the entrance of the perlor . int . the parlor - a man wearing pince - nez - night wait just inside . he have slip a shagcy cardigan over silk pajamas , but even in this outlandish outfit appear properly funereal . he hold out a welcoming hand to gillespie . but he eye home towards tibt in a condemn radar sweep . man Ted ulam , Chief . we have not have the pleasure . gillespie ignore the hand . gillespie where 's Colbert 's body ? ulam get he downstairs . but ulam , eye fix on tibbs , remain unmove . gillespie : ( courtly ) he 's with I . ulam look glum , but he defer . he lead off , gillesple push after he , tibbs follow . rev . 7/28/66 25-06 , 59 61 int . a room - full shot ~ night Doc Stuart be cover with a sheet the still - clothed body on a single slab in room center . the room be outfit with large stainless steel tub , shelf and cabinet . gillespie cross directly to the body . he almost appear to have some idea what he be suppose to be do , but the pretense collapse when he lift the top edge of the sheet , stare down with obvious annoyance and bafflement et the mystery of this untimely death . close on tibbs his lustrous eye reflect he awareness of gillespie 's pafflement and inexperience . favoring gillespie stare at the dead man . Doc light he pipe philosophi - eally . Doc ten cent - ten million dellar - just do not matter when a man 's time come . gillespie lower the sheet . ulam I could give she a far better service right here in Wells than sne will be abie to buy up in Chicago - for half the money . why , I get a caskét out there that ... gillespie ( overlap - to tibbs ) you want to take a look ? ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 27 , continued : tibbs approach the slab , gillespie see how ulam and the doctor stare at the negro , it suit he mood to let it pother they , not to explain tibbs to they , just as nobody have explain tibbs to he and catch he in this god - damned embarrassing position in the first place , closer angle - tibbs and the dead man tipb do not merely lift a corner of the sheet ( as you have geen it do all this year in movie ) , he fold the sheet back all the way , hold it out behind he , expect someone to take it from he - as they do in Philadelphia at the police morgue . but nobody move , tibbs look around , see the hard face of ulam and the interested face of the doctor , tibbs place the sheet on the floor , turn back to the dead man , close on tibbs look down with a kind of curious tenderness , angle on the three white men watch tibbs raise one of the dead man 's hand , examine first the palm , then the fingernails , tibbs look pleased , tibbs New manicure , that 's good , that 's very good , the other react , tibbs replace the hand , move up to peer at the massive head wound , tibbs ( thoughtfully ) I will need a few thing ... gillespie such as ? - tibbs Silver nitrate , distil water , acetic acid , . , tibbs rub one hand alongside the cheek and jaw of the dead man , tibbs ++. ammonium hydrosulfide , benzidine , superoxide of hydrogen ... ( continued ) 28 , continued ; he progress to the foot , gently , he unty one of the dead man 's shoe , place the shoe on the floor , remove one sock and examine the foot and ankic , tibbs ++. copper powder , a six - inch celluloid scale , a thermometer , camera with a double~extension bellow ~ and , of course , film ... he examine the knee of the dead man 's trousers , tibbs ... some envelope , tissue paper , tape , tweezers , caliper , toothpick ... ( a faint smile ) I dia bring my own pen , ulam toothpick ?! copper powder } what 's all this about , Chief ? who be this boy anyway ? gillespie ( irritably ) I ask he to look at the body , that 's who he be ! tibbs glance at he wristwatch , tibbs it 's now four forty - five . what time be this man kill ? gillespie Wood find he at three , doe figure he be kill a hour earlier , tibbs ( to the doctor ) at two ? boc maybe a little later - two - fifteen , two -thirty ? tibbs consider the doctor , tibbs ( softly ) would you please feel the face and jaw , sir ? ( continued ) 64 2g , continued ; ( 2 ) the doctor come over and touch the face of the dead man , the doctor react , slowly , he raise he eye , look into tibbs ' , tibbs be I mistaken ? or have rigor begin ? noc it have : tibbs you notice , too , that post - mortem lividity be present in the lower portion ? doe look down at the ankle , have to nod , tibbs so the time of death really have to be earlier , would you agree ? impress , the doctor begin to nod , tibbs ( to gillespie ) we will be able to pinpoint it once I get the thermometer , as you know , sir , the loss of heat from the brain be the most reliable index to the elapse time since terminal death , tibbs consider the doctor and ulam . tibbs which of you gentleman will assist I ? nobody move , but the jangling of the telephone at that moment break the spell of the white man 's astonishment in the face of such professionalism from a color man , ulam pick up the phone , * ulam ulam 's funeral Home , ( listen , then ) for you , Chief , gillespie take the phone , gillespie gillespie ... ( listen ) right avay , ( sontinued ) revise 9/8/66 bu. 6a 65 65 a 65b 65c 66 67 continued : ( 3 ) he hang up , start for the decr , stop , look back at ulam and Doc Stuart . gillespie Wood try to stop harvey Oberst up on Polk Street . Oberst take off . ( a beat ) whatever Virgil want , get he , hear ? he gee out . tibbs where can I wash - before we start ? ulam ( a long pause ) washroom 's out that door , ext . tall grass - close shot ~ hound in full cry - dawn as it whip past camera . close shot - man' feet in boot wading through wet , swampy grass . tight shot - hound stop , tired , panting . tight shot + young man like the hound , he stop , breath heavily . long pan shot - a pack of hound doc in full pursuit . behind the dog trot man with gun . close moving shot ~ the quarry be young , probably twenty , more a grow boy than a man . the wear blue denim which cling to he skinny leg be sodden at the knee where he have fall in the dawn - wet grass . behind he be the SOUND of the hound in full cry , press . revise 9/8/66 31 . ( 68 69 70 toa 70 B 70c 70d 70e close moving shot - at low angle - the dog follow by a panting deputy sheriff with a shotgun . another angle - the boy emerge from thick undergrowth . he stop close to camera , look off . ext . MISSISSIPPI river - boy' Pov - dawn stretch towards Arkansas . a paddle - wheel dredge boat can be see in the distance . mo . shot - the boy reacting to 0.8 . SOUND of hound . he move toward river bank . camera pan he along barge- load area . another angle - across piling and deserted crane - loading equipment as Boy scramble up and exit at full speed . ext , brush ~ close shot - dawn shagbag martin , a deputy , as he push through undergrowth , hamper by a portable walkie-talkie . shagbag fetch ' im out ! fetch ' im out : he 's headin ' for the river ! over here ! he 's headin ! for the river ! as shagbag move past the camera , we again see glimpsis of the river . ext . river bank - long shot - boy - dawn run along river bank with a row of house in the b.g. two or three negro people be see emerge onto the porch of a house . they silently watch the boy run by . the dog can still be heard in the distance . ext , portion of the structure of a huge bridge ~ high wide shot - dawn . show the river in b.g. as Boy enter shot and scramble towards a maintenance ladder . ( continued ) revised 9/28/66 sia . foe 7 72 73 73a 738 continued : he climb ladder into camera , breathe heavily . he slide over the rail , camera revealing highway sign mark Mississippi / Arkansas border . camera continue to pan with the Boy os he begin to run across the long , desert bridge . his footstep '' echo in the quiet of the early morning . the shot be held as gillespie 's police car enter the shot . the police car pull * alongside the run figure . int , gillespie' police car = shoot from gille pie be | Pov - dawn through passenger window at the run Boy . Boy faak frantically at gillespie , start to slow down . ext , CENTER of the bridge - dawn as gillespie and the Boy come toa stop . int . gillespie' police car = close shot - gillespie - dawn as he put he arm on back of front seat and icok at Boy with no mere smile than a turnip . ext . bridge - close shot - boy - dawn stop . tire . forlorn . done - in , int . gillespie' police car - close shot - gillespie - dawn shoot through passenger window to include the Boy , harvey oberst . gillespie harvey . harvey do not react . gillespie whenever you be tired , get in . x CUT to : 75 78 4 0 605,05 oe ext , the police spaticn - pan shot - a ul sr mcbel ou} dah ease to a stop in fronz , '' a get out of the sedan , wave to Doc Stuart behind tie wheel , Dec null away as tibbs go along the sidevalk toward a door , tibbs carry a large , well - wrap bundle , securely tie with cord , tibus enter the door mark police , int , the foyer and recepticn area - full shot - dawn tibbs come in , discover the area be untenanted , he start toward the Chief 's office , even as its door open and George Courtney come out , see tibbs , George vaise a hush finger to he lip , close gillespie 's door , gesture inside secretively . GEORGE ( voice low ) lir , Colbert , tier how do she take it ? GEORGE Chief have to leave ' fore she get here , she still do not iknow , closer angle - tisb frown , another angle es George settles in front of he desk , tibt bundle down , lead toward gillespie 's offi George look surprised as he see what tibbs be do - open the door of gillespie 's office , GEORGE ( {inore a complaint , than a cormand ) can not go in there , boy ! tt , gillespie' office - a woman - dawn stand at the window , look out at the besin day , hear the door open , she turn , from her angle - tibbs in the doorway , 80 81 82 83 84 . 33 . closer angle - the woman 4s mrs , leslie colbert , in she late thirty . she have dress hastily . her hair be still uncomb , yet there be nothing in she eye to indicate she attaches anything one way or another to tibbs ! skin color , another angle - ti5h come into the room and close the door , he can see that the woman be try hard to remain calm , but he arrival seem to trigger a flood of question , mrs . colbert where 's my husband ? what 's happen ? why will not anybody tell I what 's happen ? he 's all right , be not he ? nothing 's happen , have it ? the barrage stop , the silence would be overwhelming be it not for the squeal of the overhead fan , tibbs cross to the switch , flip off the switch , now the room be truly quiet , tibbs you husband be dead , Mrs , Colbert , closer angle - mrs , colbert close on tibbs want to make it easier , know no other way but this way . favoring mrs , colbert she could be some stricken animal , stand alongside a road , next to its mate which have just be strike down by a pass truck , mrs . colbert ( finally ) ow ? tibbs somebody - kill he , mrs , colbert ( from a great distance ) who ? ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 we - continued : tibbs shake he head , mrs . colbert it 's - hot in here , ( a long beat ) do not you think ? tibbs turn on the fan again , it resume its dry protest , mrs , colbert thank you , she stand motionless , she eye on the floor , mrs , colbert if you - do not mind ... may I - be alone ? tibbs go out and close the door behind he , int , the foyer switchboard - tibbs stand with he back to the door , he look across at : from he angle - GEORGE watch he curiously . favoring tibbs as he hear the first mute sob break from the woman inside , it hit at tibbs the way it always do , no matter how many time he have go through it , that first wrench burst free , in the b.g. , Chief gillespie storm in with Sam , two officer and the prisoner from the swamp , County sheriff bring up the rear , gillespie push he manacle prisoner ahead of he , then past tibbs who have ease aside , gillespie open the door to he office , start to shove the prisoner inside , " ' tibbs Mrs , Colbert 's inside , I tell she , gillespie give he a dark , disapprove look , ( continued ) rev , 9/10/65 35 . 87 88 go gu 92 continued : tibbs Sir ! gillespie look back at hin . tibbs about the examination I make av ulamt - you want to know what I find ? closer angle - gillespie he 's riding high . he 's suddenly almost jovial , gillespie around here , Virgil , we do not need book and microscope , around here we just go out and pring we man in , you tell that to you Chief . you tell he we do not need nis help ~ or yours ) pavoring tigss he seem not to be listen to gillespie . instead he reach down , lift the bound vrist of the prisoer , look at they closely , tirb ' Pov ~ close angle on the manacled " rist favoring gillespie annoyed by tibv ' scrutiny of the wrist , gillespie ( to the prisoner ) cimon , boy ! in there ! he push the prisoner inside . favoring SAM and the other officer SAM that 's tellin ' he , Chief ! . GEORGE now we be grindint corn ! ( continued ) '' in the heat of the night " 36 , rev , 8/3/66 92 93 g4 95 continued : gillespie wither they with a look , but tibbs pay no attention to they , instead he be stare into the Chief 's office , closer angle - tibbs as he continue to study : prom he angle - the ycung man with he cuffed hand , he stand there , head down , as Mrs , Colbert stare at he , shocked and unbely and confuse , favoring tibbs tibbs do he conress ? gillespie he will , confidently , not gc inside , slam the door in tibbs ! face , tibbs turn back , see now the white officer stare at hin , tibbs ( to Sam ) the man you arrest - be he left-handed ? ' SAM how do I know ? tibbs his leave wrist and arm look thicker than he right , deputy I think harvey be a lefty . hey , shagbag , be not he ? shagbag what if he be ? what 's that make he ? the officer turn back to tibbs , tibbs innocent . the officer react , CUT to : rev , 9/15/06 37 . 96 97 int , gillespie' office ~ mo . full shot - early morning as gillespie alternately study he prisoner and Mrs , Colbert , the woman turn from the young man with a kind of inward shudder , see how gillespie look at she with he icy eye , gillespie I will not keep you , Mrs. Colbert . I just want to ask you - this belong to you husband ? he hold out a expersive- look alligator - skin wallet , despite she grief , the woman nod , oberst ( a outery ) I pick it up , I tell y' ! he be already lyin ' there . it be lyin ! there next to he , if L have not take it , somebody else wouldat I jes ' pick it up , shat 's all I didt gillespie open the door , propel the young man into the reception area , Book he ! gillespie turn back to Leslie coloert . gillespie can I have someone drive you to the mortuary ? she nod she head , get up , move in shock toward the door , : mrs , colbert could someone call we office at the hotelt , . , tell they where tl be , she go out of he office , he follow . int , the reception area - full shot - early morning as the woman and gillespie come out , gillespie discover , with some annoyance , that tibbs be still hang around , not only hang around , but settle beside one of the four desk in the muster room , his suitcase and a wrap bundle on the desk in front of hin , ( continued ) rev . 7/28/66 ot continued : gillespie Martin , you take Mrs. Colbert over to ulam 's . Wood , you run Virgil down to the depot . 38 . Mrs. Colbert have already start toward the door , tibbs get to he foot . Sam , burst with the news and dare to bait the Chief , ease forward . SAM Virgil here , Chief - he think harvey 's innocent . the other officer have be wait for this moment , anti - cipating gillespie 's outrage reaction . at the door Mrs. Colbert stand freeze by the statement . gillespie simply stare from Sam to tibbs . gillespie ( softly ) I will be damned ! tibbs glance across at Mrs. Colbert , see id reluctant to pursue the matter in front tibbs ( to gillespie ) could I - talk to you about it - privately ? it be too much for gillespie . he let out bull . gillespie look here , Virgil ! he wave the dead man 's wallet in front of gillespie Colbert 's wallet . we take it off Oberst ! you think mister Colbert just hand it to he ? tibe I do not know . Oberst might have cone along - after the crime - find it ~ pick it up . I do not know . mrs . colbert . ( still in shock ) that 's what the boy say he do . she reaction , of she . acry , as froma tibbs ' face . ( continued } 97 98 99 100 39 . continued : ( 2 ) gillespie i say different ! he glare at tibbs dangerously , tibbs when I examine the decease , 1 % be evident the fatal blow have be strike at a angle of seventeen degree from the right , make it almost certain the assailant be right - hand , gillespie what 's that get to do with the price of cotton ? shagbag ( enjoy this bombshe 11 ) harvts left-handed , Chief , everybody in town know that , close on gillespie reacting , angle on mrs , colbert as something in she start to churn , another angle ' gillespie pretty sure of yourself , be not you , Virgil ? Virgil : pretty fancy name for a color boy like yout what do they call you up in Philadelphia ? tibbs they call mé mister tibbs , this be too much for the frustrated gillespie , he concen - trates on Sam , gillespie you get this man down to that depot , Wood ~ and I mean now ! ( continued ) rev , 9/15/05 : Le , 100 101 contizhued : tibbs give gillespie a lonz look , then slowly , deliberately , pick up he suitcase and the wrap parcel tibbs ( quietly angry ) itll have the FBI lab send you the report from this , not that it will make any difference , , . favoring mrs . colbert she have move back into the center of the area and now con ~ front gillespie , who be be hit from all side . mrs , colbert my God ! what kind of - place be this ? ( it 's be building ia she ) it will not work . you hear I ? I know somebody have my husband kill } I be not go to let you cover up ! she give he a final dam look , move resolutely to the door and go out , there be a long , agonize silence during which all eye focus on gillespie , gillespie , not know quite now to cope with the development , fix he ire and he bafflement on tibbs , he reach for the parcel tibbs hold . gillesf Ie I 'il take that : tibbs ( cool , shaking he head } I be send it in . personally ! gillespie ( almost shouting it ) lock he up , Wood ! withhold evidence . lock he up with Oberst , they make a sweet pair ! gillespie go into he office and slam he door . at once the other officer break into derisive , delighted laughter , ( continued ) lol 102 103 hay continued : Sam even clap a congratulatory hand on tibbs ! ' shoulder as he lead he off toward the cell , camera moving with the two man , SAM nobody throw you brain to the hog , Virgil , that 's for damn sure} int , the cellblock - angle on tibbs and SAM come down the corridor past a row of unoccupy cell , Sam stop in front of the one cell which be occupy . harvey Oberst be slump disconsolately on one of two cot , but when he see Sam unlock the bar and bring in a negro as he cellmate , he jump to he foot , oberst man , not in here : put he somewhere else ! Sam ignore the protest , close tibbs inside with Oberst , go off down the corridor even as Oberst call after he , plead . oberst you hear I ? how come in here 's hey ! but the clanging of a distant door mari :s Sam 's response , now the silence come down over the cell block , closer angle ~ oberst watch tibbs . tibbs pay no attention to the white man , tibbs settles on he own bunk , lean he head against the wall , close he eye , not in sleep , but in think , Oberst continue to glare at he , oberst what you doin ! wearin ! white man 's clothes ? tibbs open he eye , consider the hostile young man in the tear shirt and tatter blue jeans . tibbs I buy they from a white man , Oberst advance on he , ( continued ) rev , 9/10/05 103 continued : he flash oberst ( a long beat ) who you thiak you be , boy ? tibbs ( quietly ) all you get , oberst ( a sudden shout ) I do not need yout tibbs look , harv ... he police badge . Oberst stare at it , frown , tibbs I be on you side , oberst ( read the badge number ) powleece , Philadelphia . you ? you be a - cop ? ( continued ) revise 9/8/56 43 , 103 continued : ( 2 ) tibbs nod . oberst yeah ? so how come they lock you up ? how come they would go lock up @ cop ? tibbs who say they lock I up ? how come - with all this empty cell - they put I in with you ? dig ? Oberst stare at he another moment , then turn , grab at the bar . oberst ( a outburst ) look , I already tell them ! I see this fella lyin ' on the street there - this wallet next to he ~ I mean , boy , I come into this world outa luck . here 's the first good thing to come my way . I pick it up . but when I see whose wallet it be , I mean I start to sweat ! Oberst turn back from the bar , oberst ( continue ) but I hear about this new chie ? , this gillespie - get no more smile and a turnip , so I cut across the field and get myself far as the river ' fore they dog treed I . tibbs when do you find the wallet ? what time ? oberst I be not get no watch . but I know it be after two from the court house clock , - tibbs I be interested in eleven to two . where be you ? oberst shootin ! pool - Larry 's Lounge . get there ' bout ten . ( continued ) revise 9/8/66 103 continued : ka , ( 3 ) tibbs and leave - when ? oberst not ' till closin ' - after one . tibbs witnesses who can speak for you ? oberst packy - bert - les. tibbs nod , pleased . tibbs ever be in trouble with the police before ? Oberst do not answer . tibbs ( continue ) T can ask at the desk . oberst ( finally ) well , they bring I in one time ' count of delore purdy . tibbs on what charge ? oberst this delore ~ she 's real proud of what nature do ror she , y' know ? we be on a date , up to Clarke 's Point . anyway , she ask I - you see - she ask I ~ do not I think she gota classy build a ' I say sure and she start to show I - I do not do nothin ' wrong . I just - do not stop she from tryin ' to prove she point . then this cop ' Sam Wood - he come outa the bush and haul I in . tibbs apparently , they let you go . ( continued ) Rev. 9/16/66 103 continued : ( 4 ) oberst tole I not to mess with she no more . she life over on third , ' bout a block from I . walk around the house in the altogether . a ' after dark - with the light on ! well , somebody sure oughta make she stop doin ' that ! tibbs smile wryly , know he be hearing the truth . he get off the bunk . tibbs ° let I see you hand . harvey look puzzle , tut hold they out . tibbs soe over they carefully , front and back . oberst what you doin ' ? tibbs hold still . hold still . tibbs take a file from he pocket , dig under one of the young man 's nail , examine the scraping carefully . suddenly he smile at Oberst , a wide , bright smile full of confidence , then turn , discover that gillespie and Wood be stand there , outside , in the corridor , watch . gillespie ( quiet now and calm ) give he the waiver , Wood - for false arrest . Sam pass it through . gillespie and a pen ! tibbs forget it ! : gillespie sign ! tibbs shrug , sign , hand paper and pen back to Sam , gille piz let he out , Wood . ( continued ) rev , 9/16/55 103 '' continued : ( 5 } Wood open the cell door and tiot come out with he , Wood lock Oberst in - by himself now , gillespie ( to tibbs ) you can catch the twelve - ten , oh , and on you way you just go ahead and mail in that neat little parcel of yours to the FBI , with tibbs , they start away down the corridor , Oberst look after they plaintively , 104 moving shot - the group as they head out toward the muster room , tibss ( to gillespie ) I have ask they to send the result to you . meanwhile , it might not be a bad idea if youtd release harvey Oberst , his only mistake be take a wallet fron where somebody deliberately plant it , at the time of the murder , he be somewhere else - and I think he can prove that , they leave the cell corridor , 105 int , the reception area - morning as tibbs , gillespie and Sam come out of the corridor . gillespie sure , I forget , you be that city - boy - bright as a bird and twice as proud - who check the brain with a thermometer , you probably know the exact time Colbert be kill , : tibss about 12:30 - while harvey be still shoot pool , there 's cue chalk under he nail - not dry blood , harvey never camé near the actual scene of the crime . gillespie blow out he breath , ( continued ) rev . 9/16/06 aq , 105 106 107 continued ; gillespie thank the Lord I do not live in philadelphiat would n ' + thet be a sad come ~ - up ? tibbs pick up he suitcase , move toward the front door , when he reach it , he look back at gillespie , tibbs Colbert be kill somewhere else , then move to Main dtreet - to the place where Wood - and harvey - find he , closer angle - gillespie reacting to this bombshell , tisb move to the door , Goodbye , chie ?r , tibbs go out , close the door after nix nobody move for what seem to be a eternity - until gillespie tum toward nis officer , gille ? if '' tood ! sab yes , sir ? gillespie be not you suppose to be off - duty at eight ? SAM only five after , sir , and I do not want to miss nothin ' , I mean , I want to do what I can , case you need I , GEORGE ( chime in ) that 's it , Chief , gillespie ( a low sigh ) Courtney ! ( continued ) 107 108 43 , continued : GEORGE yes , sir , gillespie Change the charge to theft , GEORGE ( reacting ) harv ? from murder - to theft ? gillespie we get anybody else lock up back there ? GEORGE no , sir , gillespie then do what I tell yout gillespie slam he office door , George throw up he hand , then the switchboard light up . George take the income call . another angle GEORGE Police Department , yes , he 's here , hold on , sir , . , George ring gillespie 's office , GEORGE Mayor on the line , Chief , he close the switch , look up at the wall clock , GEORGE half a buck say fifteen second , SAM ten ! they watch the second 's hand sweep around , it have pass eight second when gillespie 's door fly open and the Texan come out , gillespie ( over he shoulder ) I will - be with the Mayor , he go out , ten second have elapse , George fish out a half - dollar , lob it across to Sam who catch it , cur to : revised 10/21/66 ~- '' in the heat op the night " 49 110 thru 116 117 118 118a ext , the STREET - pan shot ~ gillespie' patrol car - morning swing out of the police parking area , slify into early morning traffic . omitted ext . farm implement agency - full shot - morning gillespie emerge from he police car and enter the showroom , int . showroom - morning the camera track gillespie across the showroom toward a glass - enclose , partition office . Inside the office we see mayor webb schubert . Mrs. Leslie Colbert be with he . gillespie enter the office and interrupt they in mid-confrontation , int . glass -enclosed office as gillespie enter , gillespie ( a nod to Mrs. Colbert , then to the Mayor ) Morning , Mayor . the Mayor look from Mrs. Colbert to gillespie glumly . mayor hardly a good one , Chief , what 's this Mrs. Colbert 's tell I about a - a cover - up arrest ? gillespie level a long look at the woman . gillespie I drop the charge , Mrs. colbect . ( a beat ) insufficient evidence . . mayor ( vastly relieved ) I tell you he be nobody 's man ! that 's why we reach into Texas to find he ! {continued ) revised 10/21/66 118a continued + 59 mrs . colbert ( a long beat ) I never know much about - my husband 's work ... but I always know - what matter to he . Building this factory - here - in this town - that matter . ( more ) ( continued } rev . 9/8/66 118a continued : mrs , colbert ( cont would ) ( another beat ) I be go to see it get do . but only on one condition ! mayor Mrs. Colbert , I be grateful . believe I - real grateful ! I mean , I would not blame you if you just pack wp all that engineer and blueprint and take them someplace else . would not blame you a bit ! mrs , colbert ( too quietly ) that 's what Mr. endicott be count on , be not he ? mayor well , now you have to try to understand how a man like endicott look at this thing . mrs . colbert oh , but I do ! ( a beat , then she eye on gillespie ) I come by to - to make it as clear as I possibly can - I do not want that negro officer take off this case ! mayor ( astonished , turn to gillespie ) negro - officer ? gillespie from Philadelphia . just - pass through . mrs . colbert if it be not for he , you impartial Chief of Police would still have the wrong person behind bar . ( a beat ) I say I have a condition . I want that officer give a free hand . I want the guilty party arrest - no matter who they be ! ( more ) ( continued ) rev . 9/8/66 51a. 118a continued : ( 2 ) mrs . colbert ( cont would ) ( a final beat ) otherwise , I will do exactly what you say you would not blame I for do - I will pack up my husband 's engineer and ... ( a inditement ) «.- leave you to yourselves ! she turn , go out , the Mayor and gillespie look after she . 119 closer angle - favoring gillespie mayor ( finaily ) I want to see you come through this ! you hear ? gillespie even if it turn out endicott 's get a toe in the trough ? mayor ( a long beat ) even hat . ( another deat ) . but do it fast . now what about this negro officer ? she seem to have a lot of confidence in he . gillespie some kind of - homicide expert - so he say . but I do not need he ! mayor you mean , you do not want he ! but you do need he ! ( a. beat ) suppose he turn up the killer . he have no police power here . he will have to hand he over on a platter . right ? and if he fail , you be off the hook , it be Mrs. Colbert 's idea in the first place , see what I mean ? it work all the way around , for all of we . gillespie take a deep breath , go out . cut to : rev , 9/16 / 120 121 122 123 52 , ext , the train station - moving shot with tibbs - morning as he step onto the train platform . aside from a white baggage supervisor in a wear uniform no one else be on the platform , the supervisor be check a shipment . tibbs be there a place around here I can get something to eat ? baggage master well - there 's Mary 's - ' cross town , tisb {a beat ) thanks , he start away , baggage master Boy ! Machine in the wait room - candy and peanut bar , tibbs thank you , {a faint smile ) anmway . tibbs move away , camera moving with he until he come to the same door through which only a few hour earlier San Wood have hustle he . tibbs put down he suitcase and settles himself on a baggage wagon , he loosen he tie , dis - cover gillespie come dowa the platform toward he , close on tibrbs ' reacting . he Pov - gillespie come closer , another angle - tibbs and gillespie as the Chief stop near tibbs , gillespie this train - any reason you get to catch it today ? ( continued ) rey , 9/10/56 123 cont tinued ; tibbs lot of reason , gillespie guess I have be pretty rough , tibe that 's not one of they , gillespie if I ask you to stay a while , what would you say ? tibbs ( almost smile ) no , gillespie be a world of satisfaction in norsewhinp you , Virgil ! tibr my father use to say that , even go it - now and then , gillespie not enough to suit meet gillespie pull out a thin cigar , light it , blow out smoke , gillespie this town need a factory , . , mister Colbert - he come down from Chicago to build one , a lot of people be for that , but a lot be against it , too , I have hear it tell he would be hire as many as a thousand man *- half of ‘em color , know what that could mean , Virgil ? tibe it probably get he kill . gillespie that 's what - Mrs . Colbert claim , she want we to catch she a killer . no killer , no factory , that 's abtut the size of it , it mean joos for color , you follow I ? - tibbs it ; go home : ( continued ) rey , 9/10/06 5h , 123 continued : ( 2 ) but they be you try to m I bes you ? that what you be after ? tibe ( fiercely ) Chief , I be up to here with you town gillespie ( a beat ) now , voy , for once I be go to hold my cemper } I be tell you , you be stay : you be go to stay right here and help I beat this kill if I have to call you Chief back and remind hin what he order you to do ! tibbs react and gille : jie see that tibbs realize this stratagem would indeed + ian gillespie but I wontt have to do that because you be just 's so damned smart , so much brighter than all the rest of we poor stupid white man , you be go to stay just to show we ! you head 's so big you could never live with yourself unless you put we all to shane , Virgil , you go to pass up a chance like that ? tibe you make it very tempting . the two man stare at each other a long moment , they face hard and unfricadlir , then dillespie turn , start back along the platform , ( continued ) rev , 8/3/66 123 continued : ( 3 ) ei ] & S ~ tibbs pick up he suitcase and slowly follow hin , CUT to : 124 ext , a garage in the negro part of town ~ shot - day we be below ground level in a grease pit with a huge negro who be grease - gun a car squatting above we , ( continued ) revised 9/28/66 35 . 124 126 continued : the negro have a barrel - chest and massive arm . he wear a cotton T-shirt . he observe four ankle pace in above he , hear : gillespie dess ! jess come up a short flight of wooden step . another angle now we see the break - down garage , the carcass of a cannibalize car bleach in the morning sun , caisson of wear tire , the scatter of break part , and adjoin the garage and gasoline pump a shabby house from which the laughter of child ring brightly . jess wipe he hand on a rag , look past gillespie at tibbs . gillespie this be Virgil , jess . he 's work for I . he need something that run . you fix something up ? jess what | fix , run . who pay ? gillespie Police . jess nod . tibbs remove he suitcase and he book from the patrol car , cillespie {to tibbs ) you know where to find I . gillespie get into the car , swing out end oway , the dust from he spin rear tire hang cloud=like . closer angle - jess and tibas measure each other . 4ess goftly suspiciously ) what be y' doin ' here , man ? x tibb policeman , jess you be a policeman , here ? in sparta ? * { continue ) rev . 126 127 9/15/65 continued ; rea ) of N tibbs pass through , jess the slow way , look t'me , tibbs they have a murder , they do not know what to do with it . they need a whipping boy , jess ( a long beat ) how you go ! keep both foot on the ground ? tirb by find out who do it , jess you get a roof ? tieb I will find a motel , jess laugh to himself , but out loud , and pick up tibbs ! suitcase , : jess ( call ) Viola ! a woman , surprisingly young , open the back door , look out tuo child , owl - eye , cling to she dress , peer out at the stranger , jess company , tibbs , unused to this kind of hospitality , stand , unmove , jess come on , man , come on , jess move off with he bag toward the back door , tibbs at last follow , CUT to ; ext , MAIN STREET of sparta - angle down on the chalk outline of the murdered han - day . tibbs ! foot enter shot , tibbs kneel into shot , Sam Wood kneel also as camera lower to hold the man in a two shot . ( continued ) rev , 9/15/06 57 . 127 128 continued : tibbs be examine the pavement around the chalk outline , in the t.g. we can see the blur of the crowd press around and waten , SAM I hear you right , Virgil , back at the station ? you tell the Chief mister Colbert be not kill here ? tibbs run he palm across the surface of the pavement , tibbs ( absently ) that 's right . SAM well , now , Virgil , I be not a fella who 's too proud to borrow milk , itd be oblige you be to tell I how you figure that . tibbs concentrate on the chalk outline , tibbs from the photograph you show I , now itm sure , - SAM just from lookin ' ? ttebs where 's the blood ? Sam look back at the pavenent , surprisingly enough , there be little if any dry blood , tisb when a man dic , blood pressure fall to zero , bleed stop , in short , mister Wood , dead body do not bleed , another angle tibbs rise , tibbs you have a public Library ? Sam rise , too , , ( continued ) rev . 9/28/66 58. 128 129 130 131 132 continued : san Main and jacksen ~ that way - walkin ' distance ... mind tellin'me what that 's for ? tibbs back issue of the paper . weather report . SAM ( baffle ) weather report ? tibbs duck under the barricade , move swiftly toward the sidewalk . the baffle Sam look up at the sky , as though expect to find the answer to the crime reveal there in the cloud . CUT to : ext , police station - chief gillespie ~ day boil out of the door mark police , camera panning he around the corner of the building , then up the street to door mark CITY clerk . he disappear inside . . omitted int , council room - the men - day stop talk as gillespie come in , close the door after he . all but one of the five council member be in shirt sleeve , jacket over the back of they chair . one man - eric endicott - have keep he jacket on , fan emplace along the table create a slight hum sound . at the head of the table sit schubert , the Mayor . mayor boy ask I to cail you over ... he motion to a empty chair next to he . gillespie ignere the gesture , remain stand , ( continue ) rev . 132 133 9/8/66 59 , continued : mayor . try and clear the air . one of the man - watkins ~- lean demandingly toward gillespie . watkins just two thing : what 's bein ! do ? a ' what 's goin ' on ? favoring gillespie he light one of the long thin cigar he carry in he breast pocket . he blow out smoke , watch the fan catch and twirl it around . gillespie make no attempt to hide he personal distaste for the councilman . gillespie be not that one and the same question ? watkins I mean , we wanta know what 's bein ! do to clear up the killin' . aud we wanta know what 's this about a nigger cop . do not tell I that 's one and the same question ! mayor ( a beat ) gillespie be not in favor of he - I insisted . there be a horrendous , judgmental silence . mayor I insisted because Mrs. Colbert ask I to ! ( continued ) 133 60 , continued : some of the man react - this put thing in a different light , a second councilman - dennis - instantly side with the Mayor , dennis I say webb do right , I say - keep she happy , be she husband get kill , she want a chimpanzee to investigate , I say we put a chimpanzee on the job } shuie ( a third councilman ) I 'il buy that ! watkins not I } that buck runnint loose , askin ' question of folk like he think he be somebody , you know what 's goin ' to happen ? he '!1l get himself kill . you watch ant sce he do n'tt mayor I be aware of the risk , Tom , but , like it or not , we be stick with he watkins ( deprecate ) not if we Chief here be on the ball ! what about it , Chief ? you get the killer in you front sight ? gillespie ( too defensively ) I have get my iron out , do not worry ! watkins ( press ) ever investigate a killin ' before , mister gillespie ? mayor Tom , climb off gillespie 's back now ! you know damn well we do not hire he off a homicide squad ! watkins well , this ' 11 be he week , ( more ) ( continued ) 133 134 on of continued : ( 2 ) watkins ( cont ! a ) } ' Cause Colbert 's orly the start , I say this nigger will not live past Saturday , mayor well , I say he stay on the job ! we can use all the help we can get . faster this get clear up , faster we will get back to normal , and if tibbs fail down on the job , we have get a handy scapegoat for Mrs , Colbert , shuie itll buy that : dennis what do you say , Eric ? they all look at the one man who have not yet speak - Eric endicott , he have a crag of a head , a noble head , actually , with eye ablaze with inner brilliance , he have two care - less spout of moustache jutting down on either side of he slender mouth , give he a faulknerian grandeur , favoring endicctt endicorr I could say - I tell you sc . could reming you I sit in this same chair not three month back and try to caution you , well , past and do , God 's pity , he indict they with he great , pierce eye . endicott but where be you shame - you conscience ~- if not for the dead man and he wife - " at least for yourselves ? gentlemen , you kill he nobody answer or challenge he , only gillespie stare back at he , eye to eye , endicortt when you vote to play he game , uproot this community , turn it into a industrial center , you sign he death warrant , ( more ) ( continued ) rev , 7/28/66 c. 134 135 136 continued : endicott ( cont would ) this thing take time . you can not legislate tolerance ! . ( after a beat ) well , it 's too late to breathe life back into Philip coltert , but if the man 's death be to have any meaning , stop and think what it say ! : mayor we be past speechmake , Eric . mister Colbert 's engineer be move fullsteam ahead . his wife tell I that this morning . and , frankly , I be grateful . slowly , endicott rise , stand with immense and courtly dignity . endicott ( a beat ) good day , gentleman , my best to you family . he go out . gillespie grind out he cigar and start for the door , : watkins where you goin ' ? gillespie to work , he walk out , cur to : int . the lobby of a HOTEL - angle past . row of zlderly men - day sit in sagging sofa in the wear , baroque lobby . tibbs appear in the b.g. at a front window . he look in , follow he glance by enter . the elderly type , all white , put down they magazine to watch . tibbs approach the. thin -face man at the desk . tibbs reach into he jacket and the clerk take a half - step back until tibbs come out with he wallet . he open it , display he police badge . ( continued ) rev . 7/28/66 63 , 64 , 136 continued : tibbs . ( close the wallet ) I would like to speak to the clerk who be on duty last night . the clerk stare back at he evenly . clerk he leave on vacation this morning . tibbs ( a beat ) how about last night 's list of call through you switchboard ? clerk afraid that 's not possible . tibbs ( another beat } they can be subpoena . clerk we have a little fire . nothing serious . but all this week 's paperwork seem to have - go up in smoke . 137 close on tibbs consider the thin -face man . 138 the man peer back at he with a look of superiority . behind the elerk a woman plug and unplug call at the small switen - board . suddenly tibbs move away , toward the elevator , ( continued ) revised 9/28/66 65 . 138 continued : clerk ( alarmed ) just a minute ! you can not just walk ... x 139 tibbs arrive at the elevator . a young negro in uniform be at the control . tibbs Mr , Colbert 's suite . the young negro hesitates . he look past tibbs at the clerk who be scamper aut fram behind the desk and come toward they , operator ( voice low ) 327 . staircase on you leave . tibbs thanks , tibbs reach the staircase befere the clerk can stop he . CUT to : 140 int . the HOTEL corridor - angle on a door open - day a grave - fase man stand just inside . he be appleton , one of Colbert 's aide . _ appleton come in , mister tibbs . we have be heping you would come . tibbs enter shot - and the live room of the suite . 141 int . the suite - day near the window a sketch board have be set up and to one side a long table be cover with blueprint and architectural renderings of a pro- ject factory . . appleton I be Ted appleton . nodd toward another man at the work table ) Mark crowell , we engineer . * ( continue ) 1 . 7/28/66 66 . 41 we 144 145 146 continued : tibbs nod back . appleton Mrs , Colbert be pack . he lead tibbs to the bedroom door 's , mock . the woman 's voice be hear from inside . voice yes ? appleton mister tibbs be here . in a moment the door open . Mrs. Colbert stand just inside . she manage a mile , beckon tibbs to come into the bedroom . he enter past she . int , the bedroom - day suitcase be open on the ted and on the chair . both Mrs , Colbert 's clothes and that of she dead husband be in the process of be pack . tibdb look down at : he Pov - a row of men' shoe line up at the fcot of the bec . close on tibbs his eye flick up at the woman , favoring mrs . colbert her eye be on tibbs . mrs . colbert ( softly ) phil and I use to talk about all kind of crazy thing . we usec to say whichever of we go first would be the lucky one . the one leave behind would have so much to do ... that shoe , for example . fhe pair he never get to wear ... 's cufflink ... each - thin ; , stay behind ... =e ( continued ) rev , 9/15/66 145 qué contoived : tire ( a seat ) would you knoy who own this hovel , Mrs , Colbert ? she shake she nead , gleuce over at applevson in the doorway , appleton Eric endicott , tidss you say something at the station about you husband 's enemy ? appleton it 's endicott , he 's be fight we all the way , sit wp on he hill and run this County , or do - until we move ia , tibbs consider anpleton a moment , then turn back to ir colvert , who have resume the painful proccess of pack tis bs do you husband teil you where he be go last night ? mri , '' cclbed a little after eleven , I 1 tibe when do you first siss he ? mrs , collert the phone wake I up ~ the police ealling - ask I to - come down there . , , that 's when I sav that - that phil be not there , tiob turn to appleton , tibbs ee call you - or anybody else on you staff - after eleven ? appleton no . scontinued } rev , 9/16/66 oh ak 146 17 148 149 150 isl 152 continued : ( 2 ) tibbs maybe the elevator operator can tell we when he go out , appleton they put it on self - service after ten p.m , tibe ( to Mrs , Colbert ) you husband use a car here ? mrs , colbert park in the hotel lot . cur to ; ext . HOTEL parking lot - moving shot - toward a parned car - day tibbs be the camera . his hand , a handkerchief in the palm , open the car door , and tibbs enter shot , peer in at the fabric of the seat cushion , he Pov - the stain of blood on the back of the seat cushion on the passenger side , closer angle - ti5 bs as he kneel , examine the floorboard around the shaft of the steering wheel , examine the floorpad , the accelerator and the brake pedal , extreme close on tibbs reacting to something . closer angle - he hand reach forward , finger delicately select a small , curling black object not more than a inch tong . angle on tibbs as he straighten , outside the car , studidé the object thoughtfully . ( continued ) 153 154 155 fee 9f3 / - 22. ccatinued : tibbs look around , see gillespie standin : just to one side , watch he carefully , behind gillespie sit the va police car , gillespie what be you do with that car ? tibbs it 's Colbert 's , whoever kill he , crove it last night . he move past the wide - eye gillespie on a course toward gillespie 's park car . as he go , he foid the object he have find in the car into he handkerchief and slip it into he pocket , gillespie come after he , tibbs climb in , gillespie where do you think youtre go ? tibbs I would drive up in the car you get I , but I be pretty sure you would not want I run up the :e all by myself - cause more trouble , up where ? tibbs to Eric endicott 's , ext , a vast cotton field - a harvester - day chug along , stripping plant , negroes follow the machine and hand - pick the leaving , drop the puff into sling - bag which cover they like sheet , in the b.g. gillespie 's patrol car trail duct along the baking country road , int , the car - tibbs and gillespie - day it be apparent neither have speak through '' not drive . close cn tibbs his face be expressionless as he look out at : revised 10/18/66 70 -% B 156 157 158 159 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 he moving Pov - the negroes pick cotton . angle shot - favoring gillespie he look over at tibbs , see what tibbs be watch . gillesp turn back to the road , gillespie none of that for you , right , Virgil ? but tibbs give he no satisfaction . t'bbs remain uispeak - ing , he face expressionless . tibbs ' Pov - a row of EIGHT negroes hoe , they big , weathered hat floundering in the heat and the dust . thru omitted close on tibbs keeping he thought to himself , ext . the road - the patrol car - day turn off the road onto the extensive grounds of a estate . follow shot - the car approach the facade of a southern mansion . the car stop in the curving driveway . closer angle - tibbs and gillespie get out . gillespie see how tibbs ! eye seem to be photogra ing every nook and cranny of the driveway area and the house close on tibbs as he study : from he angle - a greenhouse adjoin the estate . 169 170 th , gillespie and tibbs gillespie you go to come right out and ask he where he be last night ? tibe ( a put-down ) let 's just - sniff around 4 little first , all right ? before gillespie can react , tibbs start toward the front door , gillespie go after he , close moving shot - the two wen gillespie ( accusative ) be there anything you know you have not tell I ? gillespie draw abreast of tibbs as they arrive at the front door , tisb and gillespie tibbs I find a piece of osmundine in Colbert 's car , he ring the bell , gillespig you find what ? tibbs ( cool ) cn the brake pedal , osmundine , ( a beat ) fern root ? gillespie remain baffle . the door open , Inside a elderly negro outler with white hair look out , past gillespie toward tibbs . _ gillespie Chief gillespie ... butler please come in , suh . gillespie enter , tibbs follow , 17 . i72 75 . int , the reception hall - mo , full shot - day the butler show the two man to the parlor , but the butler 's eye reproach tibbs , seem to be warning and scolding he simultaneously . int , the parlor - gillespie and tibbs - day move into mid-room as the butler vanish . gillespie look around the tastefully - furnish room , he seem tense and out of place , tibbs , on the contrary , seem at ease , they hear footfalls , see endicott appear in the french door lead to the adjoin greenhouse , he be wear a apron and carry a tiny instrument use by orchid fancier for cross-pollination , he look rich , secure , culture and affable , King of the have . endicott Chief ... gillespie this be Virgil . endicott ( pleasantly ) mister tibbs , tibbs how do you do , sir , endicott May I have Henry fetch we something - hot day like this ? gillespie ( too hastily ) we be fine , thanks , tieb ( directly ) I would like something cold , a soft drink , please , anything . endicott ( to the butler ) Henry , bring in a pitcher of lemonade , I '11 have one too , Henry flash a disapprove look at tibbs for he audacity , but nonetheless go out , ( continued ) 172 173 continued : endicott investigating any crime of violence have get to be a most unpleasant occupation , . , be there any way that I can be of help ? endicott notice how gillespie glance over at tibbs , as though for counsel , gillespie seem at a loss for word , tibbs seem to be appreciate the Civil War portrait of endicctt 's great grandfather which hang above the fire - place , gillespie ( finally ) Virgil here be - try to set I up a - sort of - timetable ... endicoit sound intelligent . ( to tibbs ) T be tell you have some troudle this morning at the hotel , gillespie give tibbs a sharp look of reproof , tibbs nothing important , endicott I apologize for that particular clerk , het suffer , I fear , rrom the white man 's historical guilt , he can not seem to adjust to - the change time , the butler return with a silver tray on which be a pitcher of lemonade , he serve endicott , then tibbs . - tibbs thank you , tibbs raise the glass to the other , sip , then move @ few step to a orchid plant , tibbs ( to endicott ) May I compliment you , sir ... closer angle - tibbs and the orchid tinb lock from the cinnebar-re flower to endicott . : ( continued ) 173 174 175 176 continued : tibe I do not know it be possible to grow this species locally , endicott react with pleasure and surprise , he move toward tibbs , gillespie remain mystify , endicott be you a orchid fancier ? tibbs no , but I like they , endicott ( expansively ) let I show you ... he move out a side door , tibbs follow , gillespie go atter they , int , a greenhouse - full shot - a riol of orchid plant ~ day in pot on long table and prolififete in wire basket hang from overhead pipe , endicott lead tibbs down a aisle and through this maze of blossom , endicctt endicottt folly , what do you think ? tibbs . ( admiringly ) beautiful , , , breathtaking . endicott look pleased , endicort have you a favorite , mister tibbs ? tibbs well , I be partial to any of the epiphytics . close on gillespie reacting to this kind of specialize knowledge , 177 78 , favoring endicoit endicott ( out charmingly , a la Buckley ) be not it remarkable that of all the orchid in this place you should prefer the epiphytics ? I wonder if you know why ? as he speak , endicott move to the plant , carefully separate a blossom from the root structure and with tender care begin to place it into a vase with water and a plastic sealer , tibbs it would be - helpful - if you would tell I , sir , endicott ( as he work ) because - like the negro - they be essentially rootless - still search for something to - hook on to , they need care and . cultivate and feed - and that take time , thatts something you can not make some people understand - something mister Colbert do not realize , . he hand tibbs the encapsulate orchid with a gracious little gesture , endicctt with my compliment , mister tibt . tibbs thank you , sir , tibbs reach up casually to the wire basket from which endicott have take the plant , he pull out a bit of root substance , hold it out , pretend curiosity . tibbs be this what the eplphytics root in ? : ' endicott my point ! they thrive in it , take it away from they , they dc badly , , tibe what do you call this material , sir ? ( continued ) rev , 177 178 179 180 181 8/3/06 79 . continued : endicott that 's osmundine . fern root , close on gillespie reacting , favoring tibe his eye be on gillespie , gillespie ( quickly ) well , mister endicott , we have take up cnough of you time , he make a move to leave , favoring endicolt his eye be intent , serious , endicott why would you two come here ? tibbs be busy replace the section of root he have take from the basket , his back be to endicott , tibbs ( easily ) to ask you about mister Colbert , endicott consider the question for a unduly long time . endicott ( finally ) let I understand this , you come here to - question I ? tibbs turn , favoring tibbs tibbs ( tentatively ) you ~ attitude , Mr. endicott ... you point of view ... be a matter of record , ( more ) ( continued ) rev , 9/16/66 ee , 181 continued : tisb ( cont would ) some people - let 's say that who work for Mr. Colbert - might reasonably regard you as the person least likely to mourn he pass , endicott start toward tibbs , move slowly . tibbs ( courteously ) we be try to clarify some of the evidence , endicott , still say nothing , continue to advance , tibbs be Colbert ever here - in this greenhouse ? endicott be closer now , tibbs say - last night ~ around midnight ? now endicott be directly in front of tibbs , he swiness a smart blow at the negro , he open palm resounding on tibbs ' cheek , tibbs respond instantly , slapping he back as hard - or possibly harder , the blow virtually rattlinz endicott 's head , gillespie stand freeze by the unprecedented physical ex - change , but now endicott and tibbs be cyeball to evebeli , neither relenting in they fierce confrontation , endicott ( voice low ) gillespie ! gillespie yes , endic ctr you see it ? gillespie I see it , ( continued ) Rev. 181 182 164 185 1858 od of 3/3/66 continued : ( 2 ) endicott what be you go to do about it ? gillespie ( a long beat ) I do not know , endicott I will remember that , ( to tibbs ) there be a time I could have have you shot ! now I have to stand here and watch you glory ! almost in tear , he give tibbs a long , last look , go out , close on tibbs watch he leave , close of gillespie stare hard at tibbs , close on the negro £ utler he have come to the doorvay , and overhear , overseen it all , he be shocked , another angle ' tibbs wheel , start out of the greenhouse , cut as he pass the butler , for the first time since we have meet he , we see he explode , it be still tignt , still hold in , but it come out the purest of fury , tibe ( to the butler ) do not pray for meet pray for they ! . he go out , pavoring gillegpie for a moment more he consider the frighten butler , then _he steam out after tibbs , 185b 185¢ 185d 185e 82. ext . the greenhouse - angle shot past the parked police car in immediate F , G . - day and toward tibbs approach , gillespie after he , tibbs , hearing gillespie , stop , turn to confront he , closer angle - tibbs and gillespie gillespie ( hotly ) you be off the case} ( try to hold on to himself ) now - I be go to run you back into town - then you would damn well better clear out - and I mean fast ! he push roughly , angrily past tibbs , open the car door , get in , slam the door , tibbs move to the car , drop a restrain hand on the rim of the open car window , tire that speech you give I - this morning at the depot ... gillespie ( overlap , interrupt ) io never figure you damn fool enough to slap a white man - let alone mister endicott , tibe ( earnestly ) do not you see , he 's the only one I would have slap ? give I ' another day - two day : I be closet I can bring he downt [ can pull he right off this hillt close on gillespie look at tibbs from under lower lid , close on tibbs and he intense , plead face , 185 '' 185h 186 . 9/8/56 favoring gillesfie for the first time he seem almost to be smile . gillespie you be just like the rest of we , be not you , Virgil ? he start the car . closer angle - tibbs the terrible truth and sudden insight of gillespie 's accusation be reflect on he face . another angle slowly , almost painfully , tibbs open the door , get into the car . gillespie gun it out and down the hill . CUT to ; ext , farm implement '' gency - close shot - mcss of engine part on a new , huge piece of equipment - day the hood slam down into camera as we hear : mayor' voice ( 0.s. ) all my fault ! camera tilt up to reveal Mayor schubert in he equipment yard at tie agency . behind he , gillespie be lean against another piece of equipment . gillespie endicott hit he first . the Mayor look surprised . mayor you defend tibbs ? gillespie ( a deat ) , i guess , mayor well , no point ducking it , Bill . it 's go to be tough to keep you in you job now . unless you bring in the killer ! question be - can you do that - without tibbs ? ( continued } cal rev . 9/8/66 186 continued : gillespie 84 . find himself near a piece of equipment . he finger it . gillespie gillespie know what osmundine be , mister Mayor ? mayor no . gillespie neither do I . mayor ( decide to ignore this ) I do not have to tell you how urgent it be to get tibbs out of town . gillespie I have elready tell he . mayor ( thoughtfully ) Mrs. Colbert will not be back till Thursday . you catch the guilty . party , she 's not go to hold it against we we send tibbs home for he own good , turn , start away . mayor Bill ... ' ( as gillespie stop ) what 's make you change you mind ? about tibbs ? 187 favoring gillespie gillespie who say I have ? : mayor Chief we have before - he would have shot he one second after he slap endicott - claim selr - defense , ( continued ) rev , 9/28/66 85 . 187 continued : gillespie go out , the Mayor look after he . CUT to : 188 omitted 189 ext . STREET outside implement agency ~ close angle - gillespie - day get into the car , start it , ease it out and paralle ! to the public square . as he drive , gillespie pick up he radio phone . gillespie gillespie x harold courtney' voice harold Courtney , sir . x gillespie you get Virgil down to the depot ? harold courtney' voice no sir . he just plain would not x go ... shagbag just see he head out to where they be gonna build the factory . gillespie @ long best ) you fix the hinge on that counter gate yet ? harold courtney' voice you never ask I , Chief . x ( mgre ) ( continue ) revised 10/13/66 86 189 190 i191 192 193 194 195 196 ( x ) continued : harold courtney' voice ( cont would ) maybe you ask my brother , George . he 's on night . gillespie slam down the phone . cut to : tibe at the wheel of the car jess loan he . the car be run along a desert road . closer angle - moving shot - angle at tibbs - day in the car , as he drive . he Pov - in the side mirror - another car this be a older model sedan carry four white man . the car move closer to tibbs 's car . another angle - tibbs ' car as the other car move close and bump tibbs ' car . close shot - in motion two bumper bang . closer angle - tibbs as he frantically try to pull away . close moving shot - on tough in ear , laugh lead tough c'mon . bump he again ( continued ) revised 10/13/66 b6a ( x ) 196 continued : 2nd tough come on !. come on ! 197 moving shot - the two car the car carry the white tough start to pull alongside tibbs ' car and attempt to force it off the road , tibbs manage to pull away .. 198 low angle ~ concrete overhead railway pass tibbs ' car roar underneath underpass and he skid car frantically to drive up a narrow road , the maneuver be successful in send the tough 's car bang into the overpass , but it regains control and turn up the marrow road after tibb . 199 tibbs ' and the white ' car careen through a area with two small negro child in f. g. the child watch as car pass . 200 another shot - gillespie' car travel fairly fast , it come to underpass , turn , follow road to leave , obviously miss the road tibbs follow . alternate : gillespie 's car come down the road and under underpass , then turn down the road tibbs take . 201 lower angle shot - across railroad track as tibbs 's car bounce across track and he find that road end at a railway round house . 201-x1 another angle - tough ' car in hot pursuit of tibbs , as it cross track and head towards tibbs ! trap car . 201-x2 another angle ~ tibbs '' he jump out of car and race for the protection of the round house , as the tough ' car pull up and the tough pile out excitedly and chase after tibbs . '' ( continued ) revised 201-x3 201-x4 201-x5 202 203 10/12/66 86b - ( x ) int . round house - day it be like a amphitheatre , with a large , diesel engine block part of the shot . camera reveal tibbs crouching behind the engine as he realize there be no exit in the rear wall . tibbs ' Pov as the four tough enter the round house . every sound be amplify as in a echo chamber , one of the tough giggle and pick up a flat piece of scrap iron and bang it sharply on the side of the engine . the crash echoe through tthe building as he shout : tough come on , black boy , we gonna teach you manners . close shot - tibbs look for a escape , slowly back into the round house as he realize he be trap , wide shot - behind tough slowly move in on tibbs as tibbs move back to the conerete wall . out -maneuver , tibbs frantically look around for something with which to defend himself . he pick up a large wrench and crouch , motionless . two of the tough reach for various piece of equipment that they can use as weapon . the lead tough encourage then : lead tough I tell you about they bad manners , boy . you better put that down . he giggle nervously as the tough move slowly in towards tibbs . another angle - tibbs and tough poise , tibbs wait for they to move in , when the silence be shattered by a metal door crash open at the far end of the round-house . ( continued ) revised 203 204 205 206 207 208 10/13/66 87 continued : as head turn in that direction , camera whiz pan to door where gillespie now stand , coolly surveying the scene . gillespie ( he voice softly echoe across the room ) all right , boy , you have you fun . go on . get cut of here , another angle - gillespie as he start to move towards tibbs . another angle - tough anxious not to mix with the armed police chief , they turn and start to move toward exit . the lead tough turn , and as he do : lead tough ( shouting at gillespie in anger and frustration ) nigger lover ! close on gillespie he let out a small , almost lonely sigh . he move forward . tibbs he watch gillespie as he approach the four man . they be young , and they stand they ground , but gillespie never waver . he reach they , grab the one who have just insulted he . he gather the man 's shirt in he powerful hand , almost choke he with the force of he grip . ( continued ) revised 10/13/66 838 ( x ) 208 continued ; gillespie ( softly ) I do not quite catch what you say , lead tough ( plead ) jes ! tryin 's to help you do you job , Chief . gillespie release the man . second tough get rid of the nigger ! you do not we will ! gillespie consider the speaker gravely . gillespie that a suggestion - or a order ? 2nd man a watnin ' ! gillespie hit he , a short drive blow into the kidney . the man sink to he knee . gillespie look at he as he crumple , and start to retch , gillespie get this trash out of here ! the other three tough , overwhelm by gillespie 's action , pick up the retching boy and literally carry he towards they car , gillespie now turn as tibbs move across the round house and get into he car . as tibbs start he car , gillespie , who be hurry towards he , shout : ( continued ) rev . 9/28/66 a9 , 208 209 through 213 214 215 continued : gillespie ( shouting ) tibbs ! ( louder ) tibbs ! you get the message , tibbs ? tibbs {as he drive off ) | get the message . we start a slow fade to black and as we reach total darkness : ct to : cmite ext . the police station = headlamps - night ( midnight ) over the blackness we hear a car engine start , then the headlamps flash on , illuminate tibbs 's face , tibbs start forward . tibbs May { get in ? another angle - a patrol car we see the astonished officer Sam Wood behind the wheel . he watch tibbs come closer through the fload of light from he headlamps , we angle through the windshield . SAM think you leave town . tibbs open the passenger . door , slide in , tibbs not yet . Sam be still baffle . ( continue ) rev . 9/28/66 89a , 215 continued : tibbs could you follow the sarne route you follow Tuesday night ~ at the same speed ? SAM why ? tibbs why not ? ( continue ) Rev. 8/3/66 90 , 215 continued : Sam consider . SAM mayoe I would better check with the Chief , | he start to open the car door , tibbs maybe so , you would not want hin to slap you down for get out of line , make a decision of you own , SAM he do not knock I out of my sock ! let 's get rollin ' , Virgil ! 216 ext , the police station - pan shot - the patrol car - night pull away , CUT to : aly 218 219 220 221 222 91 , int , the all night diner - close shot - a band - night in the back of a juke box manipulate a cake knife , the knife have be insert through the box and now touch a spring . at once the juke box start to play , another angle - ralph the counter - boy we see at script 's open react with pleasure at the sound of the music , withdraw the knife , straighten the juke box , now brilliantly light up , have cheat the vox of its coin for the music he 's now play , Ralph do a triumphant little jig vack toward the counter , en route , he stop , look out at : from he angle - sam' patrol car swinging into the parking lot . ralph hurry over , deliberately hide a luscious pie on the counter , put on display instead a single last piece of tired pastry , he grin all the while he do this , CUT to : ext , the all night diner - the patrol car ~ night stop . the headlamps switch off , from inside the diner we hear the beat of the electric guitar from the country rock and roll record be play . Sam , in the police car , switch on the inside light , look at he wristwatch , int , the patrol car - favoring SAM - night SAM right on the nose - two -thirty ayem , same as Tuesday , tibbs jot down the time and place on Sam 's official time report hold to a clipboard . tibbs you really know this town , SAM ought to , be bear here , ( gontinued ) SRD revision 9/27/66 32 222 223 224 continued : he wipe he damp forehead , sweaty from the iat of the night , open the door . san now | take ten minute to cool off - get myself a king -size coke and a wedge of pic ~ if that peckerwood do not seli out again . he close the door , start away . ext . the car - past SAM toward tibb - night still in the patrol car : SAM bring yoy anything ? tibbs no , I 'ra come . tibbs open the door on he side , get out . favoring SAM Sam be utterly baffle and frustrated , gillsspie 's patrol cor maches in , slam to a stop alongside the other police cer , gillespie be out at once , stare , hard - face , at both man . gillespie '' think | tell you to get out of here ! tibbs I be not ready to leave ! SAM ( everlapp ) { be plannin ! to report to you in the mornin’ , Chief . gillespie what the heil 's the matter with you ? you forget about that four maniac this afternoon ? xe x x ncontinue } 2nd revision 9/27/66 ' 33 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 continued : tibbs | need more time ! gillespie time i do | have to throw you on that train myself ? tibbs I guess so . gillespie goftly ) what do you want , Virgil ? omitted int . the diner = favoring ralph henshaw - night reacting to : he Pov - through the screen door ~ the cathering of the police just outside . ralph rock by guiit-feelings , hurry back to the juke box which he have cheat of its due , hastily tug the connect wire from the wall plug . the silence seem immense , electric guitar still in mid-stroke . but at least Ralph appear relieved . he move back to the ccunter , get busy with the dish , even as he stare out at : he Pov = the officer in a huodle just outside the screen door , they voice aydibie , but the word scme - how blurred . revised 9/27/¢6 psa 231 232 233 234 ( 4 ) ext , the diner - night tibbs | have to know exactly where Sam be at all time the night of the murder - which street he drive and when . gillespie and you do not care if you get kill before you find out ? tibbs he tell I he spend ten minute in here . SAM that 's right , Chief . gillespie ( @s they start toward diner ) you know what kind of mess I will be in if anything happen to you . CUT to : int , the diner - favoring ralph - night he be polish the counter , but strain to hear everything that 's be say from outside . he can hear the voice of the three man , but nothing specific . he see : he angle - the men come in . close cn ralph reacting with distaste at the sight of : revised 9/28/66 94 , 235 from he angle - tibbs enter . 236 another angle - the two officer and tibbs come in , settle onto stool at the counter . Ralph glare at tibbs . ralph ( bait Sam ) we get a real luscious cream pie tonight , Sam . | mean - Officer Wood . like you always order . SAM ( bridl ) you know | do not eat that stuff . @ side look at the Chief ) it 's - fattenin ' , Chief like he boy ~ streamline . right , Chief ? gillespie why do not you shut up ? you want x something , Virgil ? Ralph come up with a coke for Sam . ralph be not servin ' he ! gillespie I say , you want something , Virgil ? x gillespie plank down money in payment for Sam 's coxe . tibbs nothing . @ beat , then to Sam ) Tuesday night you walk out of here at two -forty ? right ? Sam make a loud suck sound with he straw as he coke hit bottom . SAM ' dn the button . ( continue ) revised 9/28/66 95 236 continued : tibbs two minute from now , gillespie ( throw a coin ) that 's for he . x tibbs move toward the door , gillespie go with he . as Sam get up , he see Ralph deliberately , tauntingly , bring the beautiful pic up from under the counter . Sam 's eye narrow , he start to say something to Ralph , see gillespie wait to the dear and watch he . he hurry out . 237 ext . the diner - the three men - night move toward the two police car , tibbs ( to Sam ) when you come out that night , wnat do you do ? SAM picked up the radio . thbbs gently ) do it , please . Sam see how gillespie be watch he . Sam seem to break out more in sweat , he pick up the redio , flip on the inter-talk . SAM woad to radio . george' voice this be radio . go ahead , Sam . x SAM leavin ' compton 's now . x george' voice Sam , better look sharp . gillespie 's sniffin ' around . ( continue ) revised 9/28/66 96-97 237 continued : gillespie reach over , take the radio from Sam , motion Sam into the car , behind the wheel . meantime , tibbs have cascci inte the back seat of Sam 's patrol car . gillespie Courtney ! there be a painful silence . george' voice ( in shock ) yes , Chief ? gillespie | check with you brsther . he claim i do not ask he to fix that hinge . that mean | ask you . do you read I , Courtney ? continue 237 238 239 240 through 245 246 247 248 ) ae Vo 98 . continued : george' voice VI get right on it , chiefl tem four * gillespie hand the instrument back to Sam . som hang up . gillespie move around to the passenger side of the front seat , get in . gillespie you may move we , Officer Wood . Sam start he engine . favoring tibbs check he wristwatch . he be smile . ext . the parking lot - the patrol car = night ease out , leave gillespie 's park vehicle behind in the lot . Ralph henshaw stand at the screen door , look out at the tail light of Sam 's disappear vehicle . ext . the town ~ these shot be a reprise of shct 6 - 10 - cruise shot of the sleep town - but they be different in that Sam Wood be no longer alone , but have company , tibbs and gillespie . they include Sam 's observation of the purdy house up ahead , ir kitchen light light , its naked girl to be see if he continue on . SAM wood turn the wheel sharply at the intersection just this side of the purdy house . the patrol car take a different route than the one we sow it take the night of the murder . int . the car - close on ti8 bs look across at Sam , rev , 8/3/66 99 . akg 250 251 252 he fov - SAM seem to be sweat now more than ever , Sam look up - into the rear-vision mirror , see tibbs ' eye . mo . full shot - all three men tibbs ( quietly ) why do you do that , Sam ? SAM do what ? tibbs Change you route back there at the corner ? Sam look over at tibbs and he face darken , he look at the Chief , SAM who say I change ? ( he voice rise ) I oughta know what it didt suddenly he slam on he brake . SAM Chief , I gotta put up with this ? I work for you - or for he ? tibbs open the door , get out , tibbs good night , gentleman . he walk off , vanish into the shadow , Sam turn , eye appeal , toward gillespie , close on gillespie his face be expressionless as he consider Sam , cur to ; int , a bank - long shot across tye area - day ( early morning ) through a unmanned teller 's window , past unoccupy desk toward the front door as it get unlock and two man enter , gillespie and a middle - age type - henderson , president of Wells Security . ( continued ) rev , 8/3/66 1c0 , 252 253 254 continued : gillespie wait as Henderson dial he code number on the ourglar alarm , then close and relock the front door , the two man come toward camera , above they the wall clock indicate eight twenty - seven , Henderson lead the way through a swinging gate ( which , gillespie notice , have no break ninge ) and behind the executive counter , he motion gillespie to a chair in front of a desk with the name plate ; h , E , henderson , pre , gravely , Henderson hang up he Panama hat , cross to a nearby file , gillespie remain stand . closer angle - henderson open the file cabinet , flip through depositor ' account , close on giliespie watch , wait . another angle - henderson find what he 's seek , he return with a file , sit down solemnly at the desk , gillespie still stand . Henderson do not open the file , but place one hand over it , as though in sacred trust , henderson this be a official request ? you be willing to put it in write on Police Department letterhead ? gillespie I will put it on the head of a pin if that 's what you want ! henderson I need something for the file . ' gillespie ( impatiently ) Mr , Henderson , I be in a hurry ! Henderson sigh , open the account , henderson he 's have a account with we for several year , ( more ) ( continued ) 255 256 iol , continued : henderson ( cont would ) not a large account , never more than ... ( run a finger down the figure ) two hundred and eight dollar pack in sixty - two , . , September ... gillespie I be interested in yesterday ! hender on ( surprised ) well , accord to this , he make a deposit of six hundred and thirty - two dollar } gillespie ( a long beat ) yesterday ? henderson ( nodd ) I must have be out to lunch , otherwise , a deposit of that size , I would have ... ( a beat ) wonder where he ever get that much ? he look up , see that gillespie ig already on the way to the front door , hender on you will send I that letter for the file , hear ? gillespie unlock the front door , gillespie Count on it ! he go cut , cjt to : ext , jess ! garage in negro section - angie shot - past tibbs in a phone booth in immediate f.g , - morning he make note as he alternately listen , talk , put he dialogue be inaudible to we . ( continued ) 256 102 , continued : in the b.g , jess be at a gas pump , refueling tibbs ! car , jess ! two child hover in mid-ground , stare at tibbs , he hang up the phone , pocket he memo pad , put he pen away , come out jubilantly , he see the child , smile at then , reach down , a arm for each , hoist they nigh , carry they toward they father , camera moving witn hin , tibbs do not fill it , jess} I be leavin ; at noon , jess cut the pwip , jess ( anxiously ) ' less you get the man in you pocket , you better leave right now - word I get , tibbs ( to tne child ) you papa 's get to see to believe , huh ? ( he pute they down ) well , do not listen to he ! look : ( he point and they '' look , see nothing ) million of tiny ballerinas , right in front of you eye , now if we be in Washington , at the FBI lab , I could ... ( he close he hand swiftly , bring it close to they eye ) ... catch this little people , put they in a spectroscope and let you watch they dance , out there ... ( gesture widely ) «.. all around ... color we can not see , , . sound we can not hear ... odor we can not smell , but they be there , do not you ever forget they be there ! jess ( capping the tank ) you go ! spook that chillen : : tisb let 's hope , jess , make they wonder ! lake they agit ! he get into the car , start the engine , wave to they , pull the car out , jess and the two child watch he go , cut to ; rev . 9/23/66 103. 257 int . police station - angle past harold courtney at the x book desk - day toward a cluster of cther officer and deputius - George , fryer , shagbag , etal - all look stunne and worried , harold courtney x well , [ do not believe it , no matter what ! shagbag but how do y' ' ccount for ali that money ? ceorge Chief never do like he - not from the first ! they break off they conference as tibbs come in . tibi.s nod good morning , cross to gillespie 's door . harold courtney x '' would not ! tibbs hesitates at the door . tibbs somebody with he ? GEORGE ( hope something will happen ) let he go in ! tibbs open the door , go in . 258 int . gillespie' cffice - gillespie - day interrupt in mid-speech , he glare at tibbs . Sam Wood be seat in front of the desk , he be net in uniform , do net wear he gun . he book like a man who 's be poleax . . ( continue ) 3 2 gt gear sr ee oii dist 4 4 a 1 tipb this Le tact : y evecnlou gudlmat Fe fe. remeber waey find the orhiicn bo caver ult m eoban cadhary eby rac ) on | i . silence de : ti pou cheddar . . oa sus ) a 4 ubi mart sane cam lo ter , aoa poi snolher '' inh lor rnr tee ee ska toate ie ee ube a ae leh see ee well lb : ( e} 4 ) tartey 1 ¥oarst jt osave = ou fast ope lyess gillespie bang hin £ close to Sam 's , dogn on he dusk , pusue hoo 7 ) ant epeke todd . SAM of smoulrl @hn. trade it jin tyenty £ gol up to shure ltook at ere pot i whenever J buodive hunidere , foros be : woe ret have cope breed cgloontig osy be yo uo ow we for vide ye au chasgod hig pose ( code agi al hee es set ee ee arg . > 5 comminure ( 5 ) delon aaronid howtda vy lingyey che : hore be a long , '' vial ! globst eye , mhare at dea a mo , lon , you vw Wood , mctk Sam shake he hernd , cm ptope 1 we 5 ab gillon meartsa to lisht noe 's : yrit though cig how cra gd lhespde strctaben tbe a eet , dvuanyt rev , 9/28/66 107 . 260 261 continued : the buzzer from the switchboard sound . gillespie flip a switch . cille pie yes ? harold courtney' voice x ( over the inter - com ) - Mayor , sir , gillespie pick up he telephone . gillespie gillespie ... ( listen ) yes , sam. afraid so . that 's right ... tibbs walk out . int . the 3g oking -switchbcard foyer - pan shct ~ tibbs cross the area toward the counter divide the waitin , section from the muster room with its four batter desk , x revised 9/28/66 108 . 262 263 265 266 267 268 closer angle - tie8 push the half - gate . the hinge have be fix . it swing open smoothly , shut smoothly as tibbs go through into the muster area . the white officer watch . from there anc le - tibbs sit ina chair , the back of the chair to he chest . he fold he arm and drop he head on they . he be lose in this own thought . another angle - GEORGE courtney ceme through the doorway which lead to the cellblock . he hold the key , he look confuse and depressed , he see how the other officer watch tibbs . slowly , he move toward tibbs , stop in front of the chair . ceorge ( tentatively ) mister tibbs ... close own t!bbs he raise he eye . from he angle = there face empty now of hestility . he can see they need of he . and gearge 's " mister tibbs " be not fost on he . GEORGE + + + do you think Sam do it ? another ang le tibbs shake he head . het sense the relief they feel . suddenly , past the officer , tibbs see the front door open . a raw - bone man with a hatchet - face come in with a girl in she mid-teen . she be the naked girl we see at the script 's open . now she wear a tight skirt and a tighter sweater , both accentuate the ripeness of she body . the girl be delore purdy , the man ‘her brother . x ( continue ) revised 9/28/66 109 , 268 continued : purdy ( to the officer ) where do | find the Chief ? harold Courtney detach himself from the officer - group , move to the complaint desk , camera moving with he . harold courtney about what ? x purdy my business ! harold courtney look , purdy , you get a complaint , x right here 's where you file it ! purdy what | get t' say , | say to the chiefl the girl look around under she lash at the man , haif -smile . harold courtney I decide thet . x purdy I do not trust none o' you ! be one o' you get she into trouble t' begin with ! coyly , the girl drop she eye . harold courtney what kind of trouble ? purdy she 's goin ' t' have a baby ! that 's what kind o' trouble ! som Wood 's beby 269 close on tibbs reacting '' 270 full shot - the area a sudden hush fall over harold and the other . x ( continue ) rev , 9/28/66 m0 . 270 271 272 continued : purdy now you tell the Chief I be out here with my little sister ! x harold flip down the inter-com , x harold courtney x purdy 's here , sir , it 's about Sam . gillespie' voice all right , send he in . harold point to the door . triumphantly , purdy lead ii sister toward x the door , open it , disappear with she into gillespie 's office x tibbs get up from he chair , cross to the Chief 's door . without knock , tibbs go in . int . gillespie' office - mo . full shot - day purdy ( in mid~speech ) she tell I it be Sam Wood . ask she y'self , you do not believe I ! purdy and the girl be in front of gillespic 's desk , ai the sound of tibbs enter , they turn . tibbs _ ( to gillespie ) it 's important | hear this . purdy lai not talkin’ about this with he in the room ! Boy , yeu do not want a slua o' troyble , you git ! tibbs be sensible ! |'m a police officer . purdy you gonna git he out or do | get t ' do it ? ( continue ) rev , 9/16/66 ail , 272 273 continued ; gillesp iz ( wlowing up ) now you keep quiet ! everybody ! ( a long beat as he savor the silence ) you tell I what happen , delove , favoring delore she seem to be enjoy the sudden stage - center , she cup she right hand around the cool brass lamp base on gillespie 's desk , let the stream of air from the ceiling fan ruffle she hair a little and thus connect start slowly , evocatively , form ner word and image with a sensuous undertone , delore you know how hot it be ? Night - they be no better ... she glance over at she father , delore pa work night , leave I all alone , . she let go of the lamp , delcre most time , I stay inside - like he tell I . other time I couli suffocate in there , you know ? well , this particular night - I be suffocatin ? , I go out on the porch , . , i be tryin ! to cool ... and I be thinkin ! how nice it would be the have a fountain drink ... Sam ~ he come down we road - like he come every night - passin 's like a lord in that fine - big - shiny car of he , .. ( a beat ) but this time he stop ... he 's get a nice face , do not you think , chier ? gillespis you mean - he stopn ? : delore oh , yes. , , and he ask I - he ask ... ( mcre ) ( continued ) rev , 9/16/66 273 continued : she smile die , delore ( cont would ) ( imitate fam 's voice in a kind of wild mimicry ) hey , little girl , vou know what 's the coolest spot in town ? ( a beat , drop she eye ) no , Sam , I say , I guess I do not , ( imitate San again ) tne cemetery , that 's where , know why ? no , Sam , I say ... all they big cool tombsonte , . you ever stretch out on a tombstone , delore ? let yourself feel all that nice cool marble along youi cody ? gillespie oshock } he - say that ? affirmatively . purdy you hear , Chief ? you hear ? gillespie ( ignore this ) all right , so he stop in front of you house and he taik to you , what else ? delore ( look at he directly ) I go for a ride with hin , that 's what else , out to the - cemetery , ( continued ) rev , 9/15/06 llea , 273 continued : ( 2 ) gillest Ie you mean - Wood take you with he - in tae patrolcar ? out to the cemetery , 's ( she nod } wee ang ... ( somewhat at a loss for word ) ... thing go a little too far , that what you be say ? she nod again , gillespie do he force you , delore ? or do you - let he ? delore look down , say nothing , even as purdy protest . purdy do not mean a damn whether she let he or not ; she 's still sixteen , ta this state that 's rape : I check on that ! that 's the pl.in law on that ! gillespie ( to the girl ) you be sure you be ~ prewnant ? she look at he - suddenly she be angry - a sixtecn - year old savage - no longer the country coquette , delore you be dann right I be pregnant ) purdy and I know my rights : het goin ! t! have to pay for the bay , tibbs start for the door , ( continued ) rev , 9/28/66 113 , 273 273a 2738 continued : ( 3 ) tibbs go out . gillespie flip down the inter-com . cillespie in here , harold ! x harold courtney' voice x yes , sir . after a moment , the door open and harold enter . x gillespie take this down ! herold nod unhappily . gillespie ( continue ) all right , purdy . from the top ... purdy consider gillespie with a kind of slow , brood sullenness ... now he be no longer shouting . New he voice be low , dangerous . purdy you have no right to keep a nigger in the room - shame my little sister . no x right ! his eye smolder cs they fix on gillespie . CUT to : int , the jail - day | tibbs come down the corridor , stop in front of harvey cherst 's call . Oberst look up at tibbs and grin . closer angle - the two men cberst hi , y' , Virgil . tibbs nod . Oberst get off he bunk , come to the bar . oberst man , you save my hide ! | guess you be just about the smartest color ever five ... you figure they be gonna let I out ? ( continue ) rev , 9/15/68 2735 continued : prep you will oe back on the street in a day or so , oberst man , I nope ! tibbs if you get a girl in trouble in this town , where can you go for help , harvey ? oberst ( a wide grin ) barber shop , ' tibbs barber shop ? cberst ( giggle ) eorrow mister fannint rezor ant cut you throat , tibbs smile , tibbs . let 's say hister fanning !s razor be too dull , let 's say you have sone real money to spread aroun ... oberst ( tug at he chin ) use to be a color gal , but she keep bumpin ' the price , do not know if she 's still in business , tieb what 's she name ? oberst never have to look she up , but packy might know . ( sontinued ) rev , 9/16/66 273b continued : ( 2 ) tibbs where do I find pack oberst down at the pool hall , but , man , he wontt tell yout not ' less I say so , a ' how be I goin 's say so lock up here ? : tibbs what if I get they to find packy and bring he in here ? oberst you let he bring I a cheeseburger ? tibbs cnion ? oberst now you be talkin ' ! tibbs give Oberst a close - to- the-chest jail - house sign , hurry out , art through omitted 278 cur to ; 2nd rev . 8/10/66 115-1168. 279 ext . the front of the purdy house - shot w.ti ! a telephoto lens - dusk as though we be see FBI secret film shut from a hideout at criminal under investigation . out of purdy 's house come purdy , approach the tow sedan which have just pull up in front . purdy go to the back car , bend in , talk ( inaudibly ) to the driver , make some instructive gesture , then go forward to the first car , get into the passenger side of the front seat . two man be in the back seat . the cavaleade therefore consist of two car , eight man . : ( continued ) rev . 8/10/66 119 . 279 280 281 282 283 284 continued : camera zoom in on purdy . the driver move the saw - off shotgun off the front seat to make room for purdy . purdy hold it a moment , put it down and out of sight as the car pull away . CUT to : ext , a almost endless pasture - extreme long shot - dusk this be a stylize shot to bridge the previous scene and this moment , serve actually in place of a dissolve . the shot should be make from a helicopter , start high , and moving in ~ but print in slow motion ~- until we be medium close on the subject which , from the air , we see merely as a speck at the far edge of the pasture , but which we now discover be Virgil tibbs . tibbs be bent over , almost delicately , one hand outstretcn toward a object on the ground as we resume normal film speed . tibbs pick up the object with a handkerchief , then slowly rise . we see that he 1s grip a two~foot long , two - inch thick pine sapling . he consider one end of the club-like branch with narrowing eye , see the dry stain discolor the wood . then without move the position of he foot he look around at the grass in the immediate area . suddenly he hear the SOUND of someone approach through nearby brush . he grip the sapling more firmly , look toward the brush , react to the sight of : from he angle - gillespie push aside the brush and emerge into full view . gillespie come into close shot , stop . from he angle - tibbs stand with the club-saple . close on gillespie look away from tibbs to : from he angle - the pasture off at a far end engineering equipment be emplace . there be a grader and two truck . ( continued ) rev , 9/15/66 ash 285 Del go continued ; around the field at various poitnt and red flag , surveying streaz noon breeze , be tall pole . Orange flan i : the late arter - gillespie approach tibbs . gillespie youtre get careless , Virgil you could get yourself kill , ( a long beat} -.- leave you car park on the road , anybody could find you , he stop next to tibbs , look at the sapling tibbs be hold . tiee you know what this land be ? gillespie ( nodd ) for the new factory . tibss ( a beat ) I find a piece of wood in Colbert 's scalp , the lad identify it as pine . favordig tibe tibbs ( continue ) Three people see Colbert drive past they house - alone - come back from endicott 's , a beat ) Colbert must have pick up somebody in town ... ( tentatively reconstruct the murder night ) + + , come out here , , . gille ? in get it all figure out , have not you , Virgil ? well , I say he do not pick up nobody : ( more ) ( continued ) rev . 9/16/66 rc 266 aay continued : Ie ( cont would ) I say Sam follow |. out here in the patrol car , come up behind nim - like I cane up behind you , tibe I hear you come . Colbert would have hear too , gillespie so he hear , he turn , he get smashed , tibe ( a slight chake of he head ) he be hit from behind . he be drive hack to town in he own car , , , dumped onto the street , Sam could not have drive two car , ~~ ( a teat ) no , Colbert stocd here ~- lookin : out across this rield - with somebody not know - somebody he be not afraid to - somebody othor than endicott ... favoring gille Te gille ? iz ( at last ) come on , Virgil , I get to get you out of here , tibbs look at he , . tibbs if delore purdy have not come to you office , I might never have see the truth , I be so hang up try to get endicott - just for the personal satisfaction } gillespie tell you what , Virgil , I '11 run you into brownsville . you can catch the bus there . tibbs it can not leave now ! 2873 2870 283 289 290 291 9/28/66 Li close on gillespie i> iv study tibbs . close on tibbs and he veile , but determine face , another angle gillespie now you listen , boy ! but tibbs ! face be as unrelent as gillespie 's , gillespie ( finally ) we will go to my place , nobody ' 11 look for you there , gillespie stump off , after a moment , tibbs follow . cur to : ext , a STREET in sparta ~ close pan shot - tio sedan - dusk creep along the street , esch car carry four man , we recognize purdy in the first car , the four earlier attacke : in the second . int , the chi carrying purdy - close angle * hot past purdy in tg pront seat ~ dusit as he peer out the windshield , camera shoot past hin and give we he moving poy as the car cruise the street , favoring purdy he raise a pint bottle to he lip , drink the liquor , pass the bottle to the man in the back scat , shift to get a better view out the window . he move the saw - off shotgun he grip into a more strategic position , suddenly he react , wave a thumb at the driver , close on purdy peer out at : revised 9/28/66 123 , 292 293 294 295 29 % from he angle - tibbs ' car edge against the curb . ext . the STREET - the two car - dusk stop alongside tibbs ' car , instantly purdy and some of the other be out , swarm around the car . closer angle - purdy squinting inte the car . he see it be san tibbs . he rear back , look up and down the street . purdy gotta be close by . driver coulda change car . purdy consider . purdy ( to one of the man ) you stick here . we will keep cruisin’ . the man neds , move off to slump down on the grass , he back tea tree . the other pile into the car . the car go off down the street like predator . Beyond , the sun be set over spartc , x CuT to : omitted x int . the live room - night gillespie and tibbs sit at a batter table on which the remnant of a poor meal can be see - two piate - bread , butter . pork and bean , gillespie be pour what must be the fourth or fifth round of bourbon for himself , judge from tibbs 's corner~of - the-eye look at the whiskey fill the glass . ( continue ) rev , 9/16/66 lok , 296 continued : gillespie ( finally , after het drunk another good bolt ) you be the first color I ever sit in a room with like this , . tibe you can not be too careful , but because he be tired , bone -tire , and ho be think more of himself than the world around he , : gillespie miss this entirely , not because he be not sharp , gillespiz you know everything , do not you , boy ? what do you know about insomnia ? tibbs bourbon can not cure it , gillespie study the bottle a moment , then cork it , put it down on the floor , he get up , look around the room , gille ? Ie thirty - seven year old - no wife , no kid , , , scratch for a live in a town do not want I ... fa I have to oil for myself , , , desi : with a bust leg , he be silent a moment as he look at the ugly wallpaper . gillesp iz ( continue ) +o . shis place} he look back at tibbs . gillespie ( continue ) know something , Virgil ? you be the first person who 's be around to call . nobody else nas be here , . , nobody come ... to a sudden spontaneous gesture of compassion tibbs reach out , touch gillespie on the shoulder - a simple and move human contact , but it only infuriate gillespie , gillespie ( raw ) do not treat I like the nigger : ( continued ) - riv , 2 90 — D c C '' - comlinvel : { 2 } yace go there be a lnoct gillespie no butt of the to the door , nging tre sig ed revolver closer to reach , he cross ( cont thued ) rev . 8/10/66 165 , 296 continued : ( 2 ) gillespie ( continuiug ; to the door ) yeah ? voice Chief ? gillespie yeah ? voice know where I can find Virgil ? gillespie look back a moment at tibbs . ' then gillespie draw the revolver , open the door , a young man of harvey Oberst 's age stand outside on the stoop . gillespie wno be you ? packy packy , Chief . facky Harrison . friend of harv 's . what do you vant with virg packy well , down at the jail they say they do not know where he would get to . Said maybe you 's know . tibbs move past gillespie in the doorway and go out , slip into he jacket . 296a ext , the house - favoring tibbs - night tibbs ( to packy ) you find out what I ask harvey ? packy nod , please ; tibbs go down the step . . gillespie ( from the doorway , sharply ) where do you think you be goirg ? tibbs stop , look back up at he , ( continued ) rev . 9/16/66 296a 296b 297 298 299 300 8 continued : tibr ( deliterately colloquial ) where whitey be not allow : then he and packy hurry toward packy 's old ~ model crate park at the curb , closer angle - gillesp be in the doorway , gillespie ( almost to himself ) stay loose , boy , o.s , the spurt of packy 's engine sound , cur to : ext , a intersection in the wegro section - angle past a STREET lamp - nicht toward a dimly - light front of a dilapidate vrocery store . a serawny dog raise its leg against the lamp post , then hurry on , ia another moment packy 's car ease to the eurb , park , half - in- half - out of the circle of light fron the lamp . closer angle - the car packy that 's she place , tibbs continue to study : from he angle ~ the crocery store and its pale light from inside . favoring tibbs packy you want I to wait ? ( continued ) rev , 7/28/66 tet 300 301 302 continued : tibbs no . thank you , packy . you ga en home . tibobs get out , close the car door , move to the door of the grocery store . he enter as packy drive away . int . the grocery store - tibbs - night come in , trip a bell over the door . the store be filthy , the merchandise on its shelf wear and old . Metal sign be tack on the wall , advertising beer and laxative . there be poster , too , but the modeis in the poster be negro , not white . a woman come through the flap of a blanket which cover the doorway lead from the store front into the live quarter to the rear . she be about forty - five , lean and careful - face , and she skin be light . she might have beer . quite beautiful when she be young . tibbs Mrs. bellamy ? the woman study he evenly . woman people around here call I mama caleba , tibbs mama , I be not from around here , but you can put I on my train favoring the woman she light herself a cigarette , consider he through exhale smoke . mama you talk crazy . you gin -drunk ? tibbs come over , smile winsomely . tibbs just - homesicic . . mama ( sympathetically ) Lord , Lord ! tibbs whisper two little word , I be on my way ! ( continued ) 302 continved : ( coyly aype I do not vanta sever a beautiful chile like you right out , tibis ( ignore this ) a man 's name - first name , las . name - the man who 's pay you for delore purdy 's avortion , the woman laugh , mama I thoucht that 's who you be , youtre the boy who work for m:z Charlie , why you wanna do that ? they stealin ' you soul , chile ! you get to stay away from they grey boy , they will jes chew you up and spit you out ! why you wanna take «o for the police like that ? tise I be not here to lay a finger of : you , mama , it 's the white bay I want , what you get payint for } how much ? she do not answer , tis rs I will bet he 's not pay you more than a hundred , you know how much he 's get in he pocket right now ? at least six hundred ! bama that cracker ? where 's he cone off gittin ' six hundred ? tibbs 7 hister Colbert to get ( sontinued } 302 continued ; ( 2 ) the woman react , masa you sone crazy out of you mind ? T throw hin back , to , do not set mix up in this one . look , what gontt owe yo. want [ ron not ? his to : mam you go white on tibbs I do not care what go on in you back room , I be only ask for this name - so I can go hone and tuck the blanket under ny chin and make it across the nicht with my windo wide open ... please , mama , near I ! do not make I have to send you to jail ! malia lot you care ! tisp . I care ! a color person ha : no business in gail , ‘here 's wi time in jail and there 's col time in jail , the worst time you can do be color hama ( a long beat ) chile , you promise to give understandin ' ? I do not like pig tadl and chicken neck no more , I get use to better , you will not take it away ? tibe iwo not take it away , wana . ( continued ) rev . 8/10/66 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 with uw oo continued : ( 3 ) mama well , I do not know he name , but she 's comin’ here tonight , get rerselt straight . . tibbs delore ? mama comin ' with herself a ' he one hundred dollar . over the door the bell tinkle . tibbs look over : from he angle - delore purdy freeze in the doorway . she stare , unbely , at : from her angle - tibbs and mama look at she . delore whirl , run out , panic drive she , tibbs after she . ext , the STREET - delore - night run , tibbs gain . another angle - a shadow break free of a tree border a vacant lot in this desert section of town , step onto the sidewalk in front of the girl and the pursue tibbs , the girl fling she - self thankfully into one of the protective arm of the shadow . behind she tibbs slow , close on tibbs reacting to : from he angle - delore and the young man his leave arm be around the girl . his right arm be extend , & pistol point toward tibbs . the young man be Ralph henshaw , the counter - boy , killer of fly . 310 311 312 313 314 315 angther angle - the crour palph disengage he arm from the sirl , no club this tim close on ralph reacting , favoring tidb tye gun 's not smart , noisy , lasy to trace , powder mark on you hand for two wee , the way kill Colbert be a lot sm girl stare at relpn . lelore you kill hin ? RA he 's crazy ! delgre ( proudiy} honey , you be right much of . nan ! headlamps of approachiny car # low ove : the trio , another angle - the two car pack with white tough sweep in , the isen leaping out , purdy in the lead , the saw - orr shotgun swingin : toward tibbs . close moving shot - furdy stride in behind the twin barrel of hag gun close on tibbs look fron the shotcun to : a to ad rev , 9/16,66 31g the enclosing circle of white they eye like agate , 317 another angle - purdy thumb both hammer , tibe ( a life or death gamble ) look in she purse} ! purdy what 's that invan ? tibe shet get a hundred dollar to pay for a abortion , money she get from Ralph , the other swing they eye toward Ralph . ralph you gonna listen to he ? tieb Ralph make a fool of you , mister purdy , get she to tell you Sam Wood do it . we know Sam be in no position to defend himself , purdy ( thunder ) delore ! delore ( scream at tibbs ) liar ! liar ! liar ! purdy gimme that purse ! delcre my purse ! but purdy grab it , open it , come out with a fistful of bill , the other man gasp . this much money - and they nave to work so hard for theirs ! they look hard at Ralph . but they eye be soft in comparison to the steel in purdy 's . ( continued ) rev . 8/10/66 133 , 317 328 329 320 continued : purdy ( to Ralph , slowly building } you turn my little girl into a field slut ! he utter a low curse , swing the shotgun toward Ralph . Ralph fire defensively , the bullet strike purdy in the stomach and crumpling he even as one of he own barrel blast the sidewalk near Ralph 's foot . tibbs move in - stantaneously , he knee come up , he arm down , as he lock Ralph 's gun hand painfully in a grip , force he to drop the gun . delore be on she knee alongside she father , hold he head and cry . delore pal pal the other white seem utterly lose , all the fight out of they . tibbs , meantime , have scoop up Ralph 's revolver . there . be something in the way tibbs hold the weapon that make its own statement of quiet authority . mama caleba stand , watch , in the doorway of she store . tibbs ( call ) mama ! call a doctor ! full shot - the group as mama in the b.g. re-enter she store . among the group , nobody speak , only the sobbing of delore be hear . CUT to : int , the celliblock of the police station - SAM wood - morning stand at a bar window , watch the morning light brighten he cell . he hear a sound , turn , from he angle - tibbs come into view . tibbs jangle a ring of key . he pass they through the bar , . tibbs which one , Sam ? . rev . 8/10/66 134. 321 322 323 324 another angle - SAM take the key , select one , hand the cluster back to tibbs through the bar , one key up . tibbs unlock the gate , swing it open . but Sam linger inside . tibbs go home , Sam . shower ... sleep ... wake up ... eat a steak ... come back tonight - for you regular tour . close on SAM he can not believe it . close on tibbs and he reassure nod , he warm , half -smile . another angle slowly , Sam come out of the cell . SAM no stuff , Virgil ? tibe no stuff , Sam . Sam start down the corridor , but stop , consider Virgil . SAM you do it , do not you ? tibbs gillespie and I . he figure - if we arrest you - pretend we have we man - we would flush out the killer . SAM I do not think he be that smart ! ' tibbs do not sell he short , Sam . he 's @ good man . he move with Sam toward the door which wait , open , at the end of the corridor . revised 9/28/66 135 , 325 326 327 , int , the switchboard and 800 king area ~ full shot - morning the room be jamme with al ! the officer we have mer throughout the film . as Sam come out with tibbs , they surround the two jubilantly , ad lib they best wish and congratulation to Sam . favoring ti88 for a moment he stand watch and enjoy Sam 's re-entry into the group . then he cross to gillespie 's door , open it , go inside . int . gillespie' office ~ gillespie - morning be at the window , look at the morning traffic outside . head down , eye avert , Ralph be continue he confession into '' tape- recorder ( a almost obsolete mode ! which squeak as it turn ) while harold x Courtney hold the microphone close to he lip , another deputy stand behind Ralph , guard he . tibbs settles into a corner , listen . ralph she tell I to get up the money or else she would tell she brother . Hell , x t have to rob somebody ! | be walkin’ from she house to the diner to start work when mister Colbert , he drive by . [ hitched a ride , he be wearin ! this shiny new suit a ' you could see he wallet , real thick ... harold x toke you time , boy , take you time . do not crowd that word together . gillespie turn , see tibbs stand in the big . ralph | tell he I would sure ike to work at the factory once he get goin’ . he say sure a 's | say , | be wonderin ' where it be goin ' to be a ' he ask I would | bike to see ~ and { figure , man , he 's askin ' for it . i'h just tap he from behind when we get out there and claim somebody jump we from the bush ... ( more ) ( continue ) revised 9/28/66 138-137 , 327 continued : ralph ( cont would ) '' do not plan to kill he . he just have a real soft head , gillespie that 's enough for now , henshaw . ( to the guard ) lock he up ! the deputy go out with Ralph . harold start to gather up the x recording equipment , gillespie {to tibbs} what make you get on to Ralph ? tibbs @ slight smile ) he point a gun at I , CUT to : 328 through omitted 334 335 ext . the train depot - pan shot - gillespie 's patrol car - day case in , park . 336 337 335 339 341 342 343 closer angle - gillespie and tide get out , gillespie reach into the back , bring out tibbs ! suitcase , tiob understand , let nim carry it , the two man move off toward the platform , CA they , close moving shot - tibbs and gillespie neither speak as they walk , go up the step and onto the platform , continue along the wear , poard stretch , from the immediate distance the first whoop of the train be hear , the first hum on the track . another angle - the £ 70 len come in next to a bench , stop . cillespie put down the suitease , he light one of he thin cigar . gellesp Ie get you ticket ? tibbs pat he pocket reassuringly , gillespie have run out of word , he look off at : prom he angle - the train . puffing in , its whistle sounding high and loud as tne loco - motive pass , slow , steam roping out , riffing at the cuff on the man 's trousers , another angle - the two men as the train stop . there be a meajer flow of other passenger traffic , some peosile board , other step off , tibe pick up he 's case , close on tibbs . turn toward gillespie . close on gillespie , + look he back , straight in the eye , '' mo , two shot . suddenly gillespie extend he hand , tibbs look at it - at the virgin whiteness of it . then he extend he own hand . the two man be connect , ( continued ) 2 nd rev . 8/10/66 139 . 343 3hh 345 346 347 348 through 353 continued ; gillespie thanks , Virgil . Virgil nod . once more the train hoot . gillespie well , goodbye . tibbs Goodbye , Chief . conductor ( call ) ' boardl jibb cross to the step , go up , inside the car as the train ease out . close on gillespie watch . long shot - the platform and the move train , gillespie stand isolate on the platform . . int . the train - tibbs move along the aisle , select a seat next to the window . closer angle - tibbs settles back , he eye glance out the window . but they narrow as he see : omitted rev . 9/16/66 1lo , 354 355 356 he moving Pov - a sign at the side of the track it read ; you be now leaving the town of sparta - hurry back ! close on tibbs and he thoughtful face , he drop he head against the seat , close he eye , camera move past he to the window , cutside tractor and earth -mover be see digging the site for Colbert 's factory . CUT to ; ext , the passing train windcw - Day dolly shot . starting with tibbs '! profile in the window and pulling back and up ( via helicopter ) up , up , up , until at last the train seem to be a earthworm eat its way across endless cotton field , music up and over as we superimpose we end title ,