in the bedroom written by Rob festinger &amp ; Todd field fade in : the SOUND of wind and nothing else ext . gi's point we be in the midst of a field of tall grass wild flower . a long rutte road stretch into the distance . faintly at first and then closer - we hear a woman squealing with laughter . we see she leg cut through the grass and fly up a hill . Close on she heel be a young man , a good ten year young , in hot pursuit . over the field - across the top of blade , sit a ancient apple tree . we rise out of the grass and see the two young people under the tree . they be entwine - in a deep embrace . closer now we see they in glimpsis : they eye - lip - hand finally they part - the woman rest she head on he chest . she reach out and stroke he hand . he stare at they finger mingling together . the woman sigh . woman I Love it here . I know you do ... woman I can feel my life - ya know . he stare up into the bough above he and shd.le . a legend appear : Il -_ 1 the SOUND of ballgame over : T. rural route 90 - predawn a blue 1973 chew pick - up wind around a corner and disappear down a long stretch of road . " and that 's it from Fenway the final score oakland 3 t1 redsox 7 . you have be listen to the re-broadcast of last night 's game . this broadcast be the sole property of -- -) be League Baseball and can not be - " - ext . emerson road - S the truck pull onto a small road flanke by row of 100 year old clapboard two -story affair . 2 ext . natalie' house - S stand . on the lawn in front of one of they be the woman from the open scene , natalie strut , prett - eautifl actually with a little more sleep . she stand wit two small boy who be do they best to stay warm in the morning air . her son jason 8 , and he brother duncan 4 , who have he face bury in he mother 's coat -- refuse to see or be see . the truck come to a stop and two man get out . one be young , early 20' , and even at this hour he step be lively , he face full of warmth . he walk over to Natalie and give she a kiss . the young man from the open scene , rrank fowler . the other man lean back against the passenger door . he be in he early 50' . kind face , good look , athletic in he day - Frank 's father , matt . he smile at Natalie . Natalie smile back . natalie morn'in Dr. fowler . matt morn'in Natalie . how you do boy ? jason great ! Jason start for the truck . Matt open the door and the boy climb inside the cab . Frank kneel down to Duncan . F hey buddy ... you upset that you be not come ? Frank reach out and put he hand on the boy shoulder . Duncan pull away . Frank look up to Natalie for help . F he can come if he want ... we can manage , really . she smile and shake she head . natalie ahead . he want to stay here . F do not worry dunk . you can come next time . , qy Natalie kiss he and they be off . into truck - same - moving Jason in the middle . he glance over to Frank - a trace of hero : worship in he face . I not . strout &amp ; son cannery - dawn sardine be process at lighten speed . we follow they on they journey , which end with the seal can be pack into cardboard shipping box . they be tape shut by a young man we will meet later ( tim , 3 ) . the top read strout &amp ; son . I not . atkins lobster CO - op - dawn a double - 55 - gallon - drum wood stove be humping . several man turn they body rotisserie- fashion around the thing , while make morning small talk - the start price of lobster , the prospect of repair to they equipment , and so on . a scarree hand scribbles some figure on a wall that have be use as a scratch pad for year . two scale be emptied of red fish into a plastic pickle bucket . ext . harbor - same a pair of canvas tennis shoe shuffle down a gangway . the bucket sway directly over they . a small hand struggle with the weight of the thing . a pair of beacon fall wader appear - the shoe stop . a strong hand grab hold of the handle - the shoe pick up the pace . ext . harbor - S Matt &amp ; Frank prepare the rig . Jason stand on the dock , take it all in . a field of lobster pot stack like cordwood and surround by a collection of scarree buoys , grapnel and coiled fishing gear stiff with sea salt - all so wildly unreasonable as to seem exotic . Jason 's eye find the hull of " gigi " a old boudreau build lobsterboat . starboard side cover in barnacle . F c'mon up jace . matt hold on a second . need to know if he 's ready first - Jason , can you tell I what 's important ? Jason hesitates . F on tell h° jason ( nervous ) " a shaft of sunlight at the end of a dark afternoon , a note in music -- L he take a breath . jason and the way the back of a baby 's neck smell if its mother keep it tidy . " matt ( to frank ) you teach h' well . Jason beam . matt - come aboard sailor . Matt reach down to give a hand up . Frank turn the engine over . it roar to life . ext . harbor later the sun be fast climb into the morning sky as " gigi " glide out of the channel and past a lighthouse that sit just off the point of a good size island . Jason shield he eye with he hand . he gaze out at the island . Matt come up beside he and stick a baseball cap onto he head . the crown read u.s.s. constellation . jason thank you . matt ever be over there ? jason no sir . matt it 's beautiful . be not a island anymore though . it 's a city . they have electric light . artesian well , even a jail lighthouse be not manned anymore - it 's run by a computer when I live there , have no ferry then` so we do not even have car , can you believe that ? jason how would you get back ? matt off the island ? Jason nod . we row . Matt smile at the memory . 5 matt then we get a little outboard . that be great . a seven and a half horsepower it be - we live there until I be about you age - then we leave and become " harbor people " . Jason seem to be digest this . jason I a " harbor person " ? Matt hide a smile about to form . matt yep , Jason - we all be . Jason be full of question . Matt know the answer and do not talk down to he . something the boy be grateful for . F at the helm . his eye 's inte from glare and cold . he cut back on the throttle 's and head for the winch . glove hand pull up a blue - GREEN buoy and slide the manila line into the winch . a pot surface and Frank set it " Doors up " on the edge . he open the door . his hand work quickly and efficiently . he toss a SMALL crab back into the water , pull out a lobster and measure the back . too small . then a nice size lobster be pull out - it 's miss the scissor claw . he hand it to matt. bait the trap . throw the winch and the next pot surface . Matt sit inside , Jason on he lap . he reach into a wooden BOX of rubber band with a banding wrench and band the crustacean 's remain cruncher claw . Jason stare at the disfigure creature . matt oh boy you see what happen to this poor fel ow ? jason .what ? matt well , the trap have nylon net call head -- 2 side head at b end , so the lobster can crawl in . the " bedroom " head inside , hold the bait and keep it from escape -- you know the old say " two 's company three 's a crowd " ? Jason nod . matt well{ it 's like that . you get more than two in a bedroom and chance be something like this be go to happen . that 's why Frank can not leave this trap for more than a day . Matt hold up another lobster and turn it belly - up . there be black ball on both side of the tail . matt now the older female like this of gal , be the most dan erous - especially when they be growin ' eyries . jason berries ? matt egg ... .one of this can take out two male easy - then you wind up with lobster you can not sell - and as for this fine lady , she get off easy , the state say you have to let she go . Matt throw she back in the water . hold up the other one to Jason . tt can you handle this ? Jason nod . matt ( gently ) you sure ? he really be not . Matt hand it to he . matt go ahead now , put it in the tank . Jason can not get the thing in the tank fast enough . ext . fowler house - day look around , you see a big yard , double lot . the grass be manicure to per ection , someone take a lot of pride in they garden . in the middle of this sit a two story cape , post Hopper / wyeth , early 20th century - simple , beautiful , d you of not freeze in the winter . the truck back up into the driveway , Frank j 's out , drop the gate . resting on the bed be a large BOX wit a line draw of a swing - set . q frank o.s. hey , dad can you give I a hand ? the transistorize sound of a baseball qame . ext . fowler backyard later Frank push Duncan , who sit proudly on he new swing - set . D C Higher ! higher ! SMALL child be everywhere . a serious Super soaker squirt gun fight in progress . across the yard a steaming hot grill , with a huge assortment of hot - dog &amp ; burger . a spatula flip a patty . the sound of fenwav park emanate from a chea dort able radio . willis grinnel , early 50' , a stout , silver - haire man , work the grill . stand next to he be Matt , he best friend for forty plus year . Matt take a pull off a can of moxie . set it down and search through a plastic bread bag . Willis look past he , distract . matt h , Ruth hate this kind . what ? matt I buy the wrong bun . willis maybe we can borrow hers . Matt follow Willis 's gaze , to the object of he distraction : a pretty woman in tight denim short . she 's bent over to wipe the ketchup-stain face of Jason ( he 's wear Matt 's cap ) . willis ah , what I would give to have back my youth . matt Willis , you never have that in you youth . the woman turn around and catch Willis stare . it 's natalia . Willis look down , nonchalantly rifling through the bun bag . Matt wave to a pass man in khaki short , father oberti , 50 - S - matt Father ! you make it ! father oberti hey , if I do not see you fella here , I do not get to see you at all . on F he backwards - hug Natalie . F you want a beer ? natalie I think I will see if you Mom need any help . frank good luck . she laugh - he grab and tickle she but she break away and escape inside the house . Matt watch on , and fall into a wistful daydream . willis jealous ? Matt turn to he and , to Willis 's surprise , ever so slightly , nod . I not . fowler house - live room - S Natalie walk in through the live room , pause to examine a half finish architectural model that sit on a card - table next to a jigsaw puzzle . she look toward the kitchen where a woman work at the sink . she take a breath and start there . I not . fowler garage - day of the GE Frank reach into a old westinghouse refrigerator . he pull out a case of schaeffer 's and a six - pack of moxie . he load it all into a metal tub fill with ice . voice o.s. yo0 Frank , hunch over as he work , loo . ip at front of the garage tim bryson , 22 , still in he work clothes : he wear a White soile smock . a° patch on he right pocket say strout &amp ; son . over the leave sply tim . a hair - net nest on he head . F thanks for come by . wooo , be that new cologne ? you really oughta take a shower when you leave that place . tim very funny . F take off that head dress , chief , and give I a hand ? Tim reach up and pull the hair - net off he head . ext - fowler house - day side of the house Tim and Frank lug the heavy cooler around the house , head toward the backyard . tim so , Mr. strout mention you again . frank I bet he do . tim seriously , man . he still talk about you come back . say you be the best can packer he ever have . be nod . F he always be a nice guy . tim ( exhausted ) be we there yet ? Tim and Frank emerge from the side of the house . Willis cut they off , grab two beer . willis Excuse I boy - a offer . catch Father . he throw one to Father oberti who sit talk with Willis 's wife katie grinnel 50' , she be tal ing the priest 's ear off . katie Becky go to the hairdress academy after high school , but aft she get marry and have the boy , she decide she want to stay home - she still love do hair though . where do you go Father ? father oberti I just go to Super cut . 10 katie you can not request the same girl at Super cut - you have to take what you can get . they do not know you hair - how can you get a good cut i they do not know the air ? Father oberti have the patience of ... well , of a priest . I not . fowler house - day RUTH fowler 50 , attractive , be wash and arrange vegetable on a plate . Natalie chop carrot on a cut board . they barely make eye-contact . Natalie attempt small talk . RUTH can you hand I that bowl dear ? she do . RUTH thank you . natalie I be look forward to the concert on Labor day . the music be so ... unusual haunt really .. Ruth keep chopping . Natalie choose she word carefully . natalie how do you learn about that particular style ? RUTH at faro y thesis be on Eastern european .folk music . Natalie 's lip tighten uncomfortably . the topic seem to int° date . natalie ( lightly ) I think of become a teacher . RUTH why do not you ? the answer to Ruth 's question ( Duncan ) wander in . his cheek as big as dizzy gillespie 's . natalie what be you eat ? Duncan 's mouth be so full he can hardly speak . dun .nothing . the two regard each other natalie how be it ? D C ( smiling ) good . he tug on she shirt . D C swing I , swing I . natalie okay , okay dunk ... she get drag out of the kitchen . the screen door slam . Ruth finish arrange the plate . Matt enter , and start open up the cupboard loo king for something . he squat down , burrow into a cabinet . matt it be nice of you to invite the boy . RUTH she have not bring they before because she 's embarrassed . she should not be embarrassed . Matt look up from the floor . matt ( to RUTH ) Nice view from down here . she ignore he , but smile . ext . fowler backyard - day be hunch over , with he arm gentl wrap around Jason , coach he on the finer point of kitting . while Tim pitch . F there you go 0 . good , hand up , higher . that 's it . be - you knee the swing - set Duncan be be push by Natalie , Ruth , watch from the kitchen window . I not . fowler house - day match CUT : Ruth , stare out the window . 12 RUTH I do not know why you have to put that monstrosity up . you be just go to have to take it apart when they leave . Matt rise , a bottle of lighter fluid in hand . matt c'mon , Ruth , he 's a kid . what do you expect ? " happy birthday , here 's a box . why do not you drag it around for a while ? " he 's a kid . he want it now . something across the yard catch she attention . RUTH oh , no . ext . fowler house - day Matt exit the house . across the yard Duncan jump off he swing and sprint . to richard who have just arrive . he stay at the far end of the yard . Duncan do a run jump into he father 's arm . D C daddy ! Frank with Jason , look up . Jason see he father . he do not move . Natalie walk over to Frank , they exchange glance . natalie c'mon Jason . jason no . natalie now . shedgrab he hand . strain to appear casual , traverse the yard C dun Richard play-box Duncan . Duncan look up at he mother . D C daddv 's takino we to the arcade . 13 Richard , eat Duncan 's hot dog , rise to meet Natalie and Jason . ric hey there buddy --. come on over here jace - Jason look away . dun ( to jason ) I tell you hold come uttface - Jason reach over and whacks Duncan on the head . ric ( angry ) hey Jason - do not do that to you brother . you want I to do that to you ? he probably have . Jason back away . Frank make he way over to Natalie . at the grill Matt watch on - absently flipping burger . Ruth come over to h° RUTH matt matt it be ok - Ruth shake she head . Richard , Frank and Natalie be talk , but there be long pause between word . Tim wander over and say something to Richard finally , Richard smile , turn , and exit . alone . Jason playfully chase Duncan across the yard . Frank and Natalie stay behind , talk quietly . Matt take a breath , and exhales . he turn to Ruth with a comforting smile , but she 's just enter the house . the screen door close behind she . - fowler house - kitchen - S Ruth be at the counter pour dress onto a salad . Frank come up behind she and hug she . F thanks for do this mom . 1 RUTH be you alright ? F sure . Natalie and I want to take you and dad out tonight . RUTH oh that 's very sweet dear , but we already have plan . F you go over to the grinnel 's ? Ruth shake she head . RUTH ( smile ) you father 's take I to the strand . frank oh , what be you see ? RUTH the first film we ever see together . the SOUND of pistol FIRE . int . strand theater - night Matt &amp ; Ruth sit watch barry L don . the duel between Barry Lord bullingdon be on screen . bullingdon 's pistol misfire . lord bullingdon Sir Richard this pistol must be faulty - I must have another . aide to ric I be sorry Lord bullingdon but you must first stand you ground and allow Mr. lyndon he turn to fire . sir ric that be correct Lord bullingdon - you pistol have fire and that count as you shot -- Mr. lyndon be the rule of fire clear to you ? yes - sir richard Lord bullingdon be you rsdy to receive mr- lyndon 's fire ? lord bullingdon -.o yes - 15 sir ric very well then - Mr. lyndon cock you pistol and prepare to fire . bullingdon be overwrought . he look like he may vomit . Ruth lean over to Matt . RUTH let 's go . Ruth get out of she seat . Matt look confuse follow . ext . strand theatre - S Ruth head out the door with Matt on she heel . matt what 's wrong ? RUTH I do not remember it be so tragic . matt o h h always feel sorry for Barry . RUTH please . matt no , I mean it - maybe I relate to he . RUTH what be you talk about ? matt well , we both marry above we station . RUTH do not start that again . a moment . he take she in he arm and kiss she . look into she eye . matt happy anniversary . RUTH ( smile ) happy anniversary . he bury he face in she hair . 9 G matt ` RUTH I love you . I know - 16 I not . fowler house bedroom - night Ruth sit at she bureau face the mirror . she be in a nightly ritual of remove the pin from she hair once mar e from the shell of tortoise and now the plastic of Dupont . Matt lie in bed read . he lower he book and watch she brush she tresses with on y , delicious stroke . she set down she bsh and turn . Matt ook back to he book . she climb into bed next to he . RUTH she 's not divorced yet . matt it 's the same thing . Maine have crazy law , that 's all ... he like the boy . RUTH you do not think he 's think about - tt no ...he 's not go to marry she . RUTH then what 's he do with she ? matt she probably love he , Ruth . Girls always have . why can not we just leave it at that ? RUTH hmmmm . he will not listen to I . I ask he three time to dismantle that swing - set . matt oh , let it stay up . look like a young couple life here . RUTH he need he head in school . not in she . matt so to speak . Ruth pinch he shoulder . RUTH it would help if you be my side . matt ( playfully ) I will get on you side . she laugh and push he away . 17 into union clinic - waiting room - day a small wait room with a alcove reception . rockwell print adorn the wall , a long table cover with dog - ear periodicals , rest in front of a couch that have see better day . adamson 80' , glance over at she husband , elwyn 80' , who vacantly thumb through a highlight magazine . he pause to catch - up on the latest exploit of goofus &amp ; gallant . the nurse , janelle 40' , call out from the alcove . janelle o.s. Mr. and Mrs. adamson ? int . union clinic - examination room elwyn sit bare chest on a table . Matt finish bandage he elbow - then listen to he chest with a stethoscope . he be careful and thoughtful . alma look to he . worried . matt you can put you shirt back on now . alma stand and help she husband dress . yesterday he be up and around all afternoon , but today - he tumble . he 's fall down twice . have all I can do to get he up . he 's weak and the longer you lay in bed - the weaker you get . matt elwyn , you need to do that exercise , you promise I , twice a day . I know you miss the work - important . but it 's alma to matt ) man id not have ache nor pain -- he 's just give up - say when he could not work no more , he do not want to live . for a while he would sit and just mend on net - but he can not do that anymore . elwyn ( speak with difficulty ) how 's you dad Matt ? I be sorry Dr. now elwyn you remember jesse fowler pass on somi&amp ; ime back , we be at the funeral . remember ? elwyn nod . 18 Matt know . he 's hear this before . sometimes he feel more like a mechanic than a doctor , work on old car with part that have long be discontinue . he nod sympathetically . int . matte office hallway later Matt pull on he jacket . he pass janelle in the hallway as he head for the back door . matt I will be back in a hour . forget my lunch . janelle start to become a habit . I can get you something from Willis 's . he 's already out the door . ext . harbor - same Matt trot down the gangway and up to where the " gigi " be moor . he look in . no sign of Frank . a voice boom from a new 35ft . jonesporter - it belong to henry ozar 50' . henry just miss he Matt , he go home for lunch today . matt right ... I forget he 's get that interview . I not . fowler house - day Matt enter . look around . call up the stair . matt Frank ? Frank ? hello ? frank o.s. dad . Matt turn around , and see Frank , matt Frank ? .. what be you doin ? think you be drive to Boston for t at interview ? rank slowly nos . his clothes be rumple . frank V q° yeah - he we reschedule . matt ( knowing ) uh huh . 19 natalie - walk out , from a room in the hall . she comb she hair through with she finger , but she skirt , on backwards , be somewhat of a giveaway . Frank roll he eye . natalie hello , Dr. fowler . matt hi , where be the boy ? natalie ( sheepishly ) .with my mom . then . matt ( to natalie ) ) oh - like coleslaw ? the kitchen table Matt sit across from Natalie and Frank . Sandwiches , iced tea and coleslaw be laid out . Frank look to Matt for some kind of acknowledgement of he lunch - t°e activity . Matt seem more interested in the slaw . ext . elk field - day bleacher Frank be sandwich between Matt and Ruth . they be surround by dozen of young parent . Ruth do not look too till to be here . frank Wave you guy . Matt and Ruth follow Frank 's gaze , to : down below Natalie have she hand full adjust Jason 's uniform while Duncan cling to she . she be wave up to the fowler amidst the chaos . the bleacher . the fowler wave back . % q , Matt 's suddenly inspire . he lean in past Ruth , to Frank . matt do you tell you Mom how good it be ? 20 RUTH how good what be ? matt Frank have quite a time this afternoon love you coleslaw . ate enough for two . RUTH that 's what it 's there for ... Frank lean back behind Ruth to give he father the evil eye . he get a grin from Matt for he trouble . Ruth almost catch it . Matt rise , shuffles past Ruth and Frank , whom he give a firm pat on the knee . hot dog ? frank I will take one . Ruth put she arm around Frank . RUTH ( be : Duncan and Jason ) so , how be the kid ? Frank 's catch off - guard . he shake he head . RUTH . thing okay ? F Fine . RUTH good , good . then . RUTH how would you interview go ? F ( too fast ) great . RUTH oh , good . Ruth watch Natalie below . RUTH she 's such a brave girl . 2 F that 's it . you ' be drive e nut , ma. really . I have have lot of girlfriend . F I do not understand why this one be any different . RUTH I know you do not . frank be not serious , Mom . RUTH no ? F no . it 's a summer thing . she would like to believe he . RUTH I see . int . natalie' car - day Natalie drive down emerson Road . as she approach she house , she see a Brown suburban sit in she driveway . she look confuse . int . nat ie's house - day the kitchen Natalie enter with grocery . Richard be seat at the kitchen table . he 's finish the first half of a sandwich . he drain a glass of milk . Natalie set she purse down on the counter , and start clean up he mess . natalie how would you g et in this time ? ric ( playing along ) chimney . she take the carton of milk that Richard , no doubt , leave out . she pour the final drop into he glass ric thank you . she throw the carton out . she take a seat , and stare at he like a teacher counsell a troubled youth . 22 natalie what can I help you with ? he kick back the last of the milk , wipe he mouth . ric I be just drop that off for Jason . natalie what ? ric that . he point to a baseball trophy sit on top of the microwave . inscription bear he name and " rockland High School 1982 Regional championship . " ric I do not know where you would want to put it . it be about time he get it . what be I go to do with it ? Richard 's wistful gaze stay lock on the trophy . for a moment , Natalie 's and slip away . natalie I think it will mean a lot to he , Richard . he 's really be improve lately ... ric ( a sharp turn ) so I have hear . natalie it would have be nice if you would come to he game . ric I just get you message . where be t with he ? natalie that 's none of you business . ric I see . they be my kid but they be none of my business . natalie you know what I mean . E -?? Richard press he finger to he eye . he take a long , heavy breath . ric I - - I be think about move back . here . with you and the boy . 23 natalie what be you talk about ? ric what I talk about ? I be talk about move back , that 's what I be talk about - I know what you be think , but it 's different now . natalie oh reall ? how 's the job ? you father t ake you back on at the cannery ? ric ( drily ) that 's funny . you be still get check be not you ? she ignore he richard ya see my new rig out there ? Natalie look annoyed . natalie yeah - it 's real nice . ric it 's not exactly new , I trade David the truck for it . it 's get room for all of we - a good grocery gettin car . a moment . ric you wantta take a ride ? natalie ( laughing ) Jesus - you do not change , do you ?. ric Change ? no , I do not change . everything around I change . you change . you take my house , you take my kid , you fuck this other y- no , I do not change at all . natalie it 's not you house . ric oh - no ? nat I o• ? no - and as far as fuck oes - . who be it that answer you phone t %e other morning ? ric she ... 2 - nat Ie I do not care . really , you can just stop now . it 's not work . he take a breath . ric I just want .. -a chance . natalie for what ? to fool they for a few day into think they have a real father , and then it 's back to ric ( cut she off ) I they father . natalie ( vehement ) no , Richard . you know what define a father ? it 's what he do , not what he promise . it 's be a positive , consistent presence . Richard eye she suspiciously . 13 ric ( mimick ° she ) " positive consistent presence . " wow . what do that mean ? I just do not get it . but I be not fuck a college boy , be I ? natalie look ...can you just go now ? I really do not want you here when they get back . ric oh , no , would not want that . he do not budge . natalie you have to leave . finally , as if strike b some small discove . Richard place he large hand on the kitchen table and pus es himself up . he head past Natalie without look back . he close the door firmly be ind he . ' i. nat Ie ' S house - front yard -, rusk Frank 's truck park out front the lawn be litter with the boy 's various plastic weapon a small wading pool . 25 a child 's television show be hear from inside . Natalie be sprawle out on a chaise lounge , nursing a beer , and share a cigarette with Frank , who be on he hand &amp ; knee finish a elaborte structure with a set of froebel wooden block . natalie you know I have be ignore we difference in age , but if you keep play with that block , I be gonna start to worry . F they be not block - they be gift . natalie I be sorry I know they be a gift and a very generous one . I be gust concerned that dunk . might think e's a little old to be play with they . frank they be not for play - they be to learn about unity &amp ; balance . froebel call they " gift . " this be the second gift - a sphere , a cube , and a cylinder . a five year old can learn the difference in form depend on how they look at they . why do not he say so in the first place ? natalie oh ou say second gift . how many be be there ? frank twenty . a moment . natalie you have be pla in with this - excuse I , work wit t ese for how long ? F since I be about dunk 's age . my mom take I tough all twenty . so that 's what a good mother do . natalie .oh . frank ?? 0 come on down here and take a look . she set down she beer and join he . the small wooden structure look like a home that could have be build by lautner or wright Frank look pleased . Natalie be distract . 26 natalie you mother give you this Frank - I feel funny Duncan have they . F do not be silly , it be she idea . natalie ( sceptical ) really ? F you be not look at the house - look . it 's not all mine , it 's part mack . Frank speak excitedly , as he make a quick sketch on a color piece of construction paper use one of the boy ' marker . F see the whole ideal of what mack be try to achieve be a common area in the middle of the house . I mean - a large , common space be not uni e to mack , but the idea of separate the family so that the kid be on one side and the parent on the other , so they would all spill into the center ... he look over to Natalie , check in . she smile , and shift she gaze . F I be boring you , be not I ? natalie ( softly ) no , not at all , I be just ... . just think . F about what ? natalie about you . . , school , F I would rather talk about we house . natalie I know you would . F what if I wait a year ? natalie R F a year 's not go to make a difference . 27 natalie you can not do that , Frank . F I have think a lot about this . natalie but you tell I it take forever just to establish yourself . F exactl , so what 's a year in forever ? know with at Duncan say today ? she can not suppress a smile . natalie you would not be change the subject would you ? frank yes . natalie what now ? F he say , " Frank , I do not think Jason really understand girl . " natalie ( laughing ) he do not ! F he do ... " understand girl ! " natalie what do you say ? F I say , " give he time , Duncan . " they both break up . F I do not know what to say ! if this be how he be now - boy be we in trouble - he stop short . the word - we - hang in the air . they watch each other , unsure of how to react . change the subject quickly . Frank reach down to the grass and come up with one of Duncan 's toy . a real musclebound superhero . somewhat grotesque . F ( read the tag ) action man ? natalie Richard give it to dunk for he birthday . 28 Frank set it down . the headlight of approaching car rake across action I not . rockland high school music room - night half a dozen girl age 15 to 18 , be gather in Ruth 's classroom . desk and chair be stack up for summer recess . the girl be in short and t-shirt , one with a picture of the solar system , and another with the pink panther . bri ht bathing - suit strap be visible around some of they nec s: this afternoon they be sw ' wng . a few look sleepy enough to be in bed already . Ruth stand with she arm up - keep time and control the dynamics . a single girl sing " the drone " ` a low monotone one hear underneath the other voice . they sing the balkan folk song " oj savice . " chorus ( subtitled ) oh , sava , carry I across we quiet cool water . there be my dear village and in that village , the prettiest girl . without embarrassment , they shriek they drine , and at they ease they whistle . the music transport this girl - who be normally pre-occupy with image of MTV and Brad Pitt , to a place of pure self . the song end . RUTH that be really good ! ok it 's 7:30 we should stop . the girl gather up they thing quickly . RUTH remember when you sing this word - the way we feel about the harbor , be how the balkan feel about the river sava . the girl start out of the room . RUTH listen to you tape " moilih Tan be still very rough and we have of a 40 minute program to get ready by Labor Day . I not . fowler house - night - livingroom Ruth enter . she 's beat . she start to put she purse down , when she notice : Matt , kneel in front of the recline chair . it 's back be to she . matt just hold still ... 29 Ruth drop she purse and quickly come around the recliner . something stop she . RUTH oh my God . Matt hold Frank 's jaw . he gently turn he face toward the lamp . Frank have stitches over he right eye . the blood under the white of the pupil ooze . both lip be bright and swollen . F dad matt come on , Frank . hold still . Ruth hover , in shock . RUTH this be she husband , be not it ? Frank nod wearily . F ex , he drop in . he take the compress from Matt and gingerly apply it to he forehead . matt Press charge . F no . RUTH what 's to stop he from do it again ? matt do you hit he at all ? tell I you hit he ! enough so he will not want to next time ? F I do not think I touch he . Matt pull up the skin around the bloody eye . F ! Jesus , dad ! Ruth stare at the Hospital band around Frank 's wrist . 8 -` V matt so what be you go to do ? F ( smiling ) take karate . 30 RUTH that 's not the problem . F you know you like she . RUTH I like a lot of people . what about the boy ? do they see it ? F they be asleep . RUTH do you leave she alone with he ? frank he leave first . she be yell at ham . I believe she have a skillet in she hand . RUTH oh for God 's sake . ( to matt ) do you call the police ? not yet . RUTH you do not call they ? matt when be I go to call the police , Ruth ? he just get in . Ruth scan the room . RUTH where 's the phone ? F mom ! hold on a second , calm down . let 's just talk about this . Ruth waver . now the cop will go to she place first -- and it will scare the hell out of the kid . RUTH Matt . I matt % q , we have to call they Frank . F it be not that serious . 31 RUTH of course . just like the relationship be not serious . hatt Ruth , this be not the time . RUTH well , when be the time ? after he knock he into a coma ? this be stop . now . F oh really ? RUTH come fall , you be on a plane . be you take they with you ? how - do you think the boy will feel when you disappear ? F hey a RUTH this be not just some sweetie from Vassar , that you will see on holiday , Frank . you be not in this alone . Frank rise and leave the room . RUTH please listen . the sooner you end this thing the better . Ruth exhales . she return to Matt , who be lean against the recliner , chin in hand , deep in think . RUTH what be we go to do ? Matt deliberate . matt I do not know . RUTH . you have get to talk to he . hatt I do not ow. , , I think he 's right about scare the kid . why do not we call it a night ? we will deal with it tomorrow . RUTH Matt be you go to call the police or do I have to ? you just ..s- bd I what I think . if you want to call they . call they . 32 Ruth look at he , stupefy . without warning , Ruth leave and go upstairs . I not . fowler house - bedroom - night Ruth lie on she side read . Matt come in from the hallway . he stare at she . she ignore he . finally , she turn over and face he . RUTH it 's not the first time she 's play around . Matt seem relieved that she 's talk to he . he sit on the bed and start take off he shoe . matt she 's not with the guy anymore . RUTH I mean from before . matt what be you talk about ? RUTH oh , come on - you have hear the same thing I have . matt I think you forget . I do not take my lunch in the teacher lounge - RUTH maybe he still love she . Matt look from Ruth , out the bedroom door , and into the hallway . he see Frank round the top of the stair . he get up and close the bedroom door . I not . F R house F be room - S Frank enter the room , pull off he T-shirt and drop it on the floor . he walk over and face a wall mirror . he seem nonpluss by what he see . into henry's fish shack - day Henry czar sit hold court with Jason Frank , whose facial bruise have all but heal , the stitches replace by a butterfly bandage . they eat cod tongue and cheek . drink soda pop from bottle . 33 henry best part of the cod - but most outsi er , they will not touch it . the shack be too warm and smell of cordage and paint , spill beer and male sweat . Jason be in heaven . henry the summer fisherman , the part-timer , like Frank here - get in you hair . henry there 's as many as 80 of they with license now - should put up a sign - " Fish you own backyard or lose you traps0 " Frank smile at Jason . frank a lobster be simple enough Jason . but if the guy go after he be even simpler well he might as well give up . henry do not hurt my feeling any . easy to talk try fishing in the winter , cold as hell 10 , 12 , 20 below - no matter go , go , go , you have gotta go . you want you bread &amp ; flour , you gotta goo F Henry 's just sore cause I catch twice as much as he do , with a old second hand boudreau . henry do not you listen to he son - that boat be fine . she be my first . take a sip of pop . henry kinda miss she sometimes , and that truck you be drive . when you head back to school Frank ? - for some reason this strike both of they as funny and they crack up . not Jason , he seem concerned by the question . Frank see this . ext . gangway - day Jason head off down the pier on he bicycle . he pass matto jason hi , Dr. fowler Matt wave . 31 + ext . " gigi " - S Frank be hose down the hull , as Matt make he way down the gangway . matt what would you pull ? Frank glance up , then continue with he work . F not too bad , about forty pound . matt have not catch sight of you in day . F you know where to find I . matt when you come home ? Frank turn off the spigot . F have it come to this ? he jump back into the boat and retrieve the bait bucket . matt come to what ? Frank hop back onto the dock and set down the container . F ( smile ) you have to run errand for Mom . Matt ignore the jibe . Frank start stack hold crate . F I be think of building a couple hundred more trap - see if I can do better than break even . Matt do not comment . he pick up a crate and throw it up top . matt it will take you two year to get a licence to fish off-season . frank right ... unless Henry take I on as he ster a . % q they continue stack . matt you think he would do that ? 35 F maybe ... it 's as good a life as any . good enough for you father - sometimes thing skip a generation . matt ( try to sta calm ) c'mon Frank - you ow ycu need something more . F why ? so I can have a ivy lea e education like you ? Christ , i it 's so great - how come you sneak out of that office everyday to come down here ? matt I like spend time with my son . frank ( dubious ) uh huha a momenta Frank lug up the last container and take a seat on the stack . he 's wear out - take a breather . Frank shake he head . frank ( painful ) I do not know dad --- I do not know . Matt take a seat next to he . a moment . F she 's a wonderful girl ... I see that . Frank look lose . the silence be break by a loud voice . henry o.s. franks how lon you gonna be park there I would like to un oad . the two of they regard each other . F ( to matt ) give I a hand ? tt ( smile ) sure . 36 I not . fowler house - night - stairway Ruth come down the stair , wrapping she bathrobe around she , the dining room light be on . the diningroom Frank sit at the t lea his draft tool be out . he 's fully immerse in a sketch . Ruth enter quietly . RUTH you father be snore . do not mind I . she take a container from the fridgge , smell it , make a quenstioning face , then put it back - grab another container and open a cupboard . pull out a loaf of bread . she quietly place a sandwich in front of he , and take a seat . RUTH eat --- you must be hungry . Frank do not look up . he tone be flat , remove . F I be not hungry . RUTH coffee ? he do not answer . Ruth sit there , awkwardly . RUTH so --- you talk with she ? frank yep . RUTH d- , , how be she ? F ( sharply ) oh , she 's great . I just want to tell you that we I - like she , do like she . she 's a wonderful girl Frank finally put down he pencil , ' , - and look at she , F you be not reall go to have this conversation wit I now , ma ? be you ? Frank return to he work . he do not look up again . 37 she leave the food for he . like a zoo keeper . ext . harbor - day Frank haul trap . he appear lethargic , dull - the hand a little slower . the eye tired . the joy of the work , replace by dread . int . henry's fish shack - day hen sit alone at the wooden table . there be three plate of cod , and 3 soda-pop . Frank come in exhaust . Henry look up . henry you be no 'in late . Frank nod . take a seat , and start in on the cod . Henry look at the empty seat next to Frank . henry where 's we boy ? Frank ignore the question . int . franks truck - day Frank drive . traps stack in the bed . he slow down to gaze out he window , as he pass nat Ie ' S house . the truck crawl to a stop . he take the moment , storin each detail : fold up lounge chair . scatter toy on t 9e porch . a tip -over tricyle . he idle , as if wait for someone . after one last look he drive off . I not . grinnel house - basement - E. ...g the sightsand sound of man gather around a poker table . a regular game . everyone well into they umpteenth beer , with the exception of Matt , who nurse a can of moxien , Matt frown at he hand . he glance over to Frank be also at the table . Frank stare at he card , but he no be elsewhere . willis you can not hypnotize the card into change , Matt . , late 50' , peer above he readin glass . he be a lobster man by trade but fancy himself a poet . 38 willis for Christ 's sake bet - or you know Carl 's gonna start . Carl be indeed . " the be gar 's do and widow 's cat , feed they a thou wi t grow fat . the gnat that sing he 's er 's song - collective groan . poison get from slander 's tongue . the poison of the snake and newt - be the sweat of envy 's foot . the poison of the honey bee . be the artist 's jealousy - " matt alright Carl . two buck . Matt throw he two buck in . matt Carl , you have really get to get off this blake thing ... you be in a rut . Frank try to smile . henry do not get he go Matt . carl when I do my own stuff , you guy bitch &amp ; moan . willis matt that 's not true . no ! we like you stuff . the place break up with laughter . wi be everybody in ? frankie you in ? Frank call . hand be show . all eye to Frank . F ( forced enthusiasm ) guess I be the winner . more groan , as Frank pull in he winning . willis always the quiet one . the game continue --. 39 I not . fowler house way . day Frank walk down the hallwaytalk on a cordless phone . his tone casual but serious . he jot down note in a sketch book . F sure . right . I get in on the sixth . oh , I will send that out tomorrow , sir , no problem ... well , compare to you model no , they do not compare to you model ( laughing ) he enter the : bedroom and plop down at he draft table . frank I be get another call . can you hang on a second ? thanks . click on the other call . F face ? jace be that you ? what 's go on ? he listen . F I will be right over . ( firmly ) just stay put . - T ie's house - day the house look like a storm hit it : chair tip over , toy scattered , papers strewn across the floor . G room Frank look around the room . Natalie , she hair atangle mess , she face streak from tear , pace nervously . she look up at Frank . look to el-e . natalie he .. just push I - he do not hit I . F oh , he do not hit you ? should we throw a party for he . natalie rank . 40 F enough of this . we have to call the police . natalie I be air ht , Frank . I do not know what to do , aoka I hate this . I hate the kid see this . Frank erace she . she bury she head in he neck . F its okay , now . listen to I , I be not go anywhere ... int . jason's bedroom - upstair Jason look down from the window . he see Richard 's suburban pull up front . jason o.s. Mom !!! downstair a pounding at the front door Natalie give a horrify look to Frank . F get they back upstairs . natalie but ... frank now . natalie come on , you guy . Natalie hustle the boy upstairs . the pounding continue . Frank move to the front door . he 's about to check the doorknob when the doorknob jiggle from the other side . it 's lock . F Richard , just get away fr here - silence . Frank turn , he eye lock on the back -door 1 Frank race across the live room , just as the door fly OPEN . richard . eve burn , march in . I not . jason's bedroom upstair the boy huddle around Natalie . duncan be wail - jason look terrify - nat Ie strain to hear - so thing crash from downstair - we and frank yelling . natalie start to the door - natalie listen kid - stay here . D C will not let go of she sleeve . he start to move with she . natalie ( scream ) I say stay here ! he let go and , jason take he up in he small arm . jason ( to duncan ) it 's ok dunk .-- mommy 's come back . natalie hesitates - then head out the door . we move with her out the bedroom to the , top of the stair she slowly step down the stair . a gunshot . she sc natalie she move quickly down the stair . - 2 cautiously - she look over the landing . her p.o.v. : from above , Richard stand , he back to she , he head hang . in he hand . a 9 mm pistol . Natalie let out a plaintive wail . natalie no ... emotionless , Richard turn to she - look down at the floor then start toward the kitchen . Natalie race down the step and stop . franks' body on the floor . he face 'is half blown away . she 's paralyze , a scream trap somewhere inside . she turn away . jason o.s. duncan o.s. ( screaminq ) ( crvinq ) mo ! D C be coming let go of ! ! ! downstair ! Richard sit at the kitchen table . the gun rest in front of he . his right sleeve splatter with Frank 's blood . black fade in : the screen fill with opaque D E. light appear . int . union clinic room - day att 's face appear distort behind the surface . janelle o.s. ( frightened ) Matt ? he lower what we now see to be x.ray and kill the light . tt's office he hesitates , press the blink hold button , pick up the receiver . matt hello ? ... hello ? Natalie ? 3 the blood drain from he face . we hear the distant sound of macedonia . int . R C D high school l- dusk Matt stand in the hallway outside of the auditorium that be Ruth 's classroom . a banner across the hall read have a wonderful summer , see you in the fall . the choir finish the last strain . Ruth be happy the rehearsal have go well . she smile in a way that express the simple joy she will never know again . RUTH great . the girl gather they thing and start out , laugh and run after each other . Matt stand in the hallway as they rush past . black fade in : ext . ST . francis cemetery - day Frank 's casket be lower into the ground . a large gather of relative and friend stand before Father oberti as he finish the eulogy . Matt 's arm be tightly interlocked with Ruth 's , beneath she eye - swell from three day of suffer . they hand c enched to ether make one fist , both parent keep the other uprig t . the rain glide down they face , mixing easily with tear . Matt step up to Frank 's open grave . the gather watch as Matt peer down into the hole , silently speak to it . he reach down , grab a fistful of dirt . then toss it into the open grave . Matt pause , stare down , into the hole --- he step back , as Father oberti deliver the end of he eulogy . Matt look blankly around , notice the family 's many friend includin ; Carl and Henry from the game , Willis and Katie , and Frank 's friend , t° Matt 's eye linger on someone behind t° a lone female figure in black , away from the crowd . Natalie . they eye meet . Matt , almost imperceptibly , nod . int - fowler house - day a large casserole be place on a long table with many assort dish . a hand reach in , scoops up some of the casserole onto a small plate , and carry it to a SMALL cluster of people stand in the middle of a much larger gather , the reception after the funeral . Matt stand in the downstairs hallway . he look around the room , as if it be all a dream . Children get soda pop . other in conversation . the odd person look up at he , then turn away . Willis step up to Matt . his wife , Katie , stand nearby . Matt do not seem to notice Willis . Willis put a gentle hand on he friend 's arm . willis ( softly ) can I get you anything ? Matt suddenly look up at they , as if confuse . matt ere 's rut h? katie she go to lie down , Matt . he turn d head upstairs . Willis and Katie watch he go . upstair Matt approach they bedroom . the door be a bedroom he step in , to Ruth , who be on the bed . her back be to he , a arently sleep . crumble tissue litter the bed , the for oor , Matt ietl move to she . he reach down , about to touch she head . something stop h° 1 - 5 he turn , and leave . upstair Frank 's room be face he . instinctively , he go to open the door , then pause . be room Matt slowly enter . he look around , as if freezing the room in he memory . the place be untouched . Frank 's many sketches be still pin to the wall . some clothes lie scattered on the floor . his fishing cap . Matt start to pick up . he take Frank 's clothes from the floor and place they on he bed . he look at a dirty T-shirt in he hand . he bring it to he face . he inhale deeply , able to smell he son 's linger scent - finally , he set the shirt on the bed . wander around . stray near Frank 's draft table - he reach out , touch the table , grazing°the topogra h of scattered pencil - drawing strewn across it - the froe e gift . he take a seat at the table . feeling its frame , the sketches , the seat below - and without warning he be overcome . he lurch forward , bury he face in he hand . the sob come unrestrained , violently , like a sudden tidal wave . int . fowler house - den - night - 2 week later a laugh-track fill the air . Ruth in pajamas and bathrobe , watch a stand - up comic on tv . she sip tea from a mug . Matt appear at the door , kettle in hand . matt some more ? Ruth look up and nod . T . fowler house - day the front lawn Matt stand atop a ladder underneath a large maple , he struggle with a pair of pruning shear . at war with a large br c - the branch seem to be win . 46 int . fowler house - upstair Ruth , still dress in she robe , pad down the hallway . stop to glance out the window at natt - work . ext . fowler house Ruth stand transfix . reflected in the window pane below her face : see quj glimpsis through branch , of a small boy scamper up a tree . flashes of arm , leg , a smile . we can make out the giggle of the child , but they be distort , wobbly , as if deteriorate by memory . the tree shudder as the boy climb higher . matt o.s. RUTH o.s. okay - watch it now , Frank . Frank , listen to you father . that 's high enough ... the tree continue shaking . Ruth allow the memory , then turn back and pad back down the hallway . int . union clinic matte office - day Matt sit behind he desk catch up on some paperwork . janelle appear in the doorway . janelle I be go to lunch Dr. fowler -- .alright she continue smile as though ting to extend she tenderness . Matt avoid eye-contact . cie leave . Matt look relieved . . grinnel be cr w-s nest - day Willis open this place after serve as a chief petty officer in the Vietnam War . the theme , if there be one , be definitely nautical . snapshot of longtime customer be staple on the wall between the booth and table , two be frame , and prominent . they be from Willis ' - - , day ; the first a entry photo of a young willis front of the ha for . the second a sun fade color photo of : att and Willis . both ook to be in they twenty , both dress in navy whites . the trade here be mostly have early breakfast , and then lunch for the man who work at the leather and shoe factory . 47 a mute news show play on a ceiling at the far end of the booth . a sign on the wall read T you " forget about lunch " breakfast . Willis carry over two plate with omelettes , park they on the table , and take a seat across from Matt . willis do not worry , I do not make they . Matt take a bite . he wince . willis what ? oh , that 's mine . he switch plate . willis sorry . Matt take another bite . better , willis you get back to work so quick , Matt . it 's not too soon ? matt I can not stay home . so , how 's business ? willis oh , . you know , same old crap . get hold up again , you know that . matt no. I do not . willis yeah ... they get seventy five buck . matt be you on the till ? Willis chuckle , shake he head . willis they would have get something else if I would be on the till . Matt nod . willis how you doin ' , Matt ? you of not write , you do not call . where would the love go ? ' 0 - ' matt nag nag nag . Matt glance at a old clipping from the boston globe staple to the wall . it 's a photo from the 67 redsox dream to 48 petrocelli , yaztrem i and Reggie Smith , each hold u two finger , they be 's °ling after hit consecutive omerun . Matt remember . happier day . willis they set the bail hearing yet ? matt sometime in the next few day . ye , wi be be you go ? matt I do not ow . Davis say it 's a formallity really . I have not talk to Ruth about weather she think we should go or not . willis if it 's too much for Ruth , I will come with you Matt . matt thanks , but I be sure it will be alright - Davis say it 's a formallity really . willis the criminal trial set yet ? matt October . willis October ? matt that 's what they tell I , anyway . willis Christ , they take they time . matt . yeah , well , he 's in there now . willis they be keep he busy , I be sure - you know where they will move h once he 's sentence ? Matt shift the focus to he omelette . matt you have any tabasco sauce ? Willis pause . he look around , can `out to the kitc hen . willis hey , pete. tabasco . Pete ! ah , shit . he head to the back . Matt look out the window . a refrigera ted truck with the strout logo on it 's side pull to a stop at the light . Willis return with sauce in hand . 49 he take a seat . shift he tone again . willis next weekend Matt - we really want you to come up to the c p- Katie 's insist . not to pressure you or anything . but if you do not come se 's go to invite she sister and that idiot and I know I be go to wind up insulting he again . Matt consider this . willis the future of my family be in you hand . matt let I ask Ruth . willis you know , you seat be get cold at the game . we have Carl 's kid subbing for you . not that we mind - he lose every time but we would rather take you money . ma T T T ( smiling ) thanks . Matt stare aimlessly out the window . Willis go back to he egg . both man comfortable enough with each other to be silent . willis how 's Ruth do ? matt alright . her ... she car break down . willis always something . T phone ring over : I not . fowler house - live room day the phone continue to ring . then sto s- Ruth lie on the couc , dress in she robe . her hair look neglect . she stare at the television . ad for Su ay chevrolet come on the screen - a testimonial from a bald man say " the best thing about the sale people be they be not pushy . " a large graphic nla 's over the a ' 's face not pushy - we hear a c ul into t e driveway . Ruth doesnt eem to notice . ad or a long - term residential nursing retirement center . Ruth look interested . the front door open and Matt come in with grocery . 50 RUTH ( not look up ) how be you day ? Matt carry the bag into the kitchen . matt .s. Fine . saw Willis - RUTH my day be fine , too , thanks . Matt come out of the kitchen . matt sorry . , how be you day ? try call - think you might have go out . the grinnel 's invite we up to the camp next weekend . Said I would check with you , if we have other plan RUTH that sound fine . he turn , a little surprised . matt we do not have to . she look up at he . RUTH you do not want to go ? tt ( weakly ) no , I want to RUTH great . tell they yes . matt ( hopeful ) I thoug t you might be busy get the girl ready . answer . she 's back into she show . the kitchen the sink still have the plate and cup from breakfast . Matt start to clean u reaching for a dishrag on the counter , he notice the blink of the answer machine . there be a half dozen message . he hit play . nothing . he find th , ol e. V. 0 - hello , Mr. &amp ; Mrs. fowler , this be Regina at the District attorney 's office mr.davis would like to speak with you both just as soon as possible . 51 int . ox couty courthouse - day a windowless rotunda . judge william wilkenson preside . close wilkenson wilkenson Mr. strout have be in the custody°of the knox County sherrif 's department since August second , hold without bail . the court be oblige to hold a bail hearing within two week of incarceration , which be the purpose of we proceding here today . give the schedule consideration on this docket , the court feel that we should conduct the probable cause hearing in tandem . witnesses will be call at this time . unless there be any objection to the contrary this court will recess until 2:00 p.m. ext . knox county courthouse - day Natalie come up the brick walk and enter the building . int . ox county courthouse later a gray concrete room , wash out by the buzzing overhead florescent . Matt and Ruth sit on metal fold - out chair , alongside twenty or so spectator , and a smatter of reporter , in the gallery . Richard unkempt and dress in a orange jumpsuit , sit patientiy next to one of he two attorney . Matt and Ruth glance over at nathan strout , 62 , sit directly behind Richard . Nathan 's two other son , both big man like Richard , sit at he side . Nathan feel the fowler , stare . his eye stay focus on the front of the room . Richard 's trial attorney , marla S , 301 , smart , expensive , and a long way from she home in Boston , stand in the court well . Natalie strout in the witness box . so , Mr. fowler have ask you to go upstairs with you chil , ?z 's you husband be try to enter ... district attorney william davis , 40 , rise . 52 davis objection . Mrs. strout 's police interview be already document , the defense have a copy of it . there 's no reason to waste anymore of the court 's time . - . keye you honor , we just want to review exactly what s. strout see on the afternoon of July 17th . be not that why we be here ? the judge nod . judge overrule . ( to natalie ) please continue . Natalie try to recapture she place . key nod . marla keye ( recapping ) so you be bring you child up to they bedroom ... Natalie 's glance wander to the gallery , to Matt and Ruth . she , sit on she hand to keep they from shaking . natalie 0 right . I be in Jason and dunk 's room I do not know what be happen downstairs . I be get worried . I ask Jason to read dunk a story . he do not want a story - he want to come with I ... so I sit he back down on the bunk and I leave they in the room . keye you leave " they " ? natalie my boy . she start to cry . keye ( softly ) of course - I be sorry . on . natalie I close the door ... I move down the hall . I look back to make sure they be not behind I . I have just start down the stair , when I hear the shot . I run down ... a deep sob ... natalie .and Richard ... 53 keye I be sorry , can we just back up ? you say you " hear the shot " ? natalie yes . keye you " hear " ? s- strout , do you witness the accident ? prosecutor Davis jump up . davis b`ection . there be no grounds to in icate this be a " accident " the judge nod . judge ( to stenographer ) please strike " accident " from the record . ( to marla key ) Ms. key , please rephrase the question . marla key have not take she eye off Natalie . they both know what 's next . keye ( gently ) Mrs. strout ... do you actually see the sidearm discharge ? I not . district attorney' office - day Davis hand a cup of coffee to Matt , who sit on a faux leather couch with Ruth . davis ( to Ruth be : coffee ) you sure you do not want ? RUTH I be fine . Davis take a seat across from they . davis you see , we can not appeal bail - it 's just not set up that way . RUTH - - y you let that bastard walk out and we be suppose to just sit here ? do not tell we there 's nothing to do about this . davis it 's not we , s. fowler . the state 's bail code be to ensure future court appearance 54 davis in this case strout 's family be prepare to put up a substantial amount of property as bail - that , along with he tie to the community make it hard for we to convince the judge of a serious " Risk of Flight " . RUTH oh - I see . davis it 's not just you case . now you can file a civil suit . I recommend it . but not now , wait till after the crimminal trial . Matt stare at a small cartoonish statue on Davis 's desk . it be one of that thing that be popular in the 70' . a little man chase a ambulance . it read " World 's greatest lawyer . " RUTH and when will that be ? next week , next month ? davis well ... honestly - anywhere between twelve and eighteen month ? RUTH I think you say there would be a jury trial sometime in October !? davis if he be incarcerate the udge would move for a October date - basically to save the County the cost of housing and feed he as a inmate - but with bail the court date , unfortunately , be always later . RUTH oh my god , oh my god . Matt jump in . matt but you be confident you will be able to put he away for good then ... right ? Davis look uncomfortable with the question . Ruth see this . she gather herself . ?? RUTH ej the thing she say in there ... what be the damage ? davis manslaughter . 55 RUTH davis what ? oh , Jesus Christ ! the wave this be go , that would be my bet - especially since Nathan strout bring up that barracuda from Boston - she 's very smart . RUTH this be no accident . be kill we son in cold blood . Ruth . RUTH what ? matt how long would he be send away for ? davis hard to say really . anywhere between five to fifteen year . we think we have a good shot at the max - fifteen . even with good behavior , he would do a full ten . RUTH ten year ? five year ? be you out of you mind !? he kill my son . do anyone know this ? Matt look at he shoe , as Ruth glare down Davis . Davis sit back , a little shook up . davis I be sorry , s. fowler . I understand . unfortunately , in situation like this when there be no eye witness , there ... well , there 's not a lot we can do . int . matte car - day - moving Matt drive . Ruth look out the windshield . both in they own world . Ruth turn to look out she side window . T cannery stack be humping . RUTH you take the whole day ? Matt nod . car drive past T site . ext . fowler house - day a handful of reporter and photographer linger on the lawn , be galvanize by the arrival of the fowler . I not . fowler house day Ruth be just enter , jostle , relieved to be home . she turn . Matt 's not there . she look out the front door to see matt at the base of the surround by reporter . reporter # 1 Dr. fowler , how do you feel about Richard 's strout 's bail ? reporter # 2 do you plan to take any further legal action , Dr. fowler ? reporter # 3 Dr. fowler , have you have any contact with mr- strout ? Matt stand paralyze , a deer catch in the headlight . the kithchen Matt enter as Ruth take the plate to the sink . she keep she back to he . he pull off he coat . matt can you believe this ? I ask that idiot to leave . no one budge . not one . what the hell be we suppose to do , bring they sandwich ? RUTH ( she back to h° what be you ask or ? what ? Ruth turn to h RUTH ( sharply ) if you want they to leave . tell they to leave . into fowler house - bedroom - night Ruth be aslee Matt stare at the ceiling . he turn to the 's clock . it - a ter three . 57 kitchen he open a cupboard door and grab some fig newtons . he stand there eat they , the door of the cupboard be long , the kind you see in old cape . Matt stare at the inside of the door . his finger slide down the length , he kneel down . we see what he 's look at . Pen and pencil mark straight line each about two inch apart - each with Frank 's name and aqe . T den Matt sit in he chair . the play , mute . he °s look at it , but he 's not watch . finally , he rise , click the off , with the remote , and flick off the light . ext . ric strout duplex - night a small development of modest , duplex apartment building . the architecture be outdated , the landscape unkempt . closer on one corner unit . the light be off ; there be no sign of life . a Brown suburban sit in the driveway we hear the radio " the follow be a re-broadcast of last night game , the third in a four game series{ between the Boston Red Sox and the Cleveland Indians . this broadcast be the property of Major League Baseball etc . " int . tt's car - night Matt wear a light coat over he pajamas , sit behind the wheel of he car listen to the game . he glance down at a piece of paper with a address . then back out he windshield , look at the corner duplex unit . int . fowler house - kitchen - day Ruth sit at the table in she bathrobe . smoke . the camden herald in one hand . the courier gazette , and the working waterfront within easy reach . Matt enter , fully dress in jeans and a sweater . he wince at the smoke . RUTH you sleep late . for you . Matt pour himself some coffee . matt I take one of you pill . 58 RUTH you never do that . she turn the page , absorb in a article . shake she head , she slap the paper down . RUTH well there it be in black and white . you should read some of the thing he say . unbelievable . Matt take a sip of coffee . he glance down at the paper . he nod , without really look . matt yeah . he check he watch . matt I should get go . RUTH where ? it 's Saturday . matt I will not be go long . he bend , kiss she lightly on the cheek . matt I be meeting Willis . I will tell he we be come . she stare at the kitchen doorway long after he exit . finally , she pull the paper back and resume read . . candy quick shop - day Natalie stand behind the only counter cf a small mom and pop store whose specialty be cold beer , wine , cigarettes , and fish &amp ; game license . she ring up some item for a couple of teenager . Matt enter the place , keep he distance , a few foot from the counter . Natalie see he . she pause , as if quickly try to - , gather she thought , the teenager be wait for they chang . she count it back to they , and they exit . Matt step forward . 59 hi. natalie . hi. elderly woman place a half - gallon of milk , a dozen egg , i 's t er cou nter d a carton of l&amp ; m cigarettes down or . the reg Natalie quickly ring up the item and bag they . elderly woman can you break a fifty ? Natalie take the bill , place it in a drawer underneath the register , and hand the woman she change , with a smile . elderly woman thank you , dear . natalie you be welcome . elderly woman could I possibly get another bag ? Natalie quickly double bag the woman 's grocery . there be a break in the customer flow . Natalie step to the end of the counter . matt I just want to see how you be do . I try reach you ... natalie oh . we be at my mother 's house now . I be sorry , I want to call you ... matt it 's okay . she look over . a man hover over some ina? azine near the be inter . natalie ( almost whispering ) Dr. fowler ..- i' so ... I do not even know how to begin ... matt you do not have to . natalie ? er I do not lie the first time , I do not , it 's just - how it come out . I be so sorry . matt nod , as if he have assume as much . 60 natalie be s- fowler .-- do she know you be here ? the man place a 12 - ack of beer on the counter . Natalie look to Matt , who shake he head no . Natalie step back to the register and ring up the beer . her chin quiver . she make a mistake on the register , have to start over . a few more customer gather on line . natalie ( to customer ) can I get you anything else ? she ring he up . make change as another customer step up . Matt step near she , try to maintain privacy . matt ( quietly ) how be the boy ? be they okay ? Natalie , choke by emotion , can not respond . near tear , she put she hand up , unable to speak . Matt reach out to touch she arm . his gesture be interrupt as : she pull the cigarettes from a overhead rack . the man pay . Matt stay a moment longer . there 's nothing else to say . he leave . she return to she job . ext . ST . francis cemetery adjacent chur ch we see Ruth from a good distance away , watch from afar . she place some pot daisy on a grave . she kneel down . ext . ST . francis church - parking lot later Ruth walk through a empty lot and head for she c RUTH be she open the door . suddenly there .-.. hand on she shoulder . she be startle . she turn around . it 's Father oberti . 61 ext . ST . francis cemetery later Ruth and Father oberti sit smoking on a bench . RUTH it come in wave , .and then nothing . like a rest in music . no sound - but so loud . a moment . RUTH I do not know what to do . Father oberti nod . RUTH I feel so ang Father oberti look off in the distance . father oberti Louise mcvey lose a child a few year back . maybe you remember . RUTH ( searching ) mmmm she have four - it be the youngest girl , be not it ? father oberti yes . she tell I about a vision she have when she find out she daughter have die ... she see herself at a great distance from the earth encircle it , a endless line - as she get closer she see that it be make up of mother travel forward . she fall into line , and begin walk with they . when they reach a certain point , the line divide . she say she know - that all the million of woman on she side - be the mother who have lose child - she seem to find great comfort in that . Ruth do not react . RUTH how do she die ? father oberti a drown ... some kind of swim accident . RUTH oh . fowler house - day mower move across the lawn , spitting up a shower of grass . Matt push the mower . 62 int . be specialty shoppe - day a small bouti e frequent by mature woman . blouse with a flair , pantsuit , a nice dress han from the rack . the sort of place a woman can still buy a pair joze a white glove . the front of the store be devote to footwear . Ruth sit while yvonne , 45 , kneel in front of she , hold Ruth 's stockinge foot . she slip on a dress shoe . yvonne oh , they be beautiful on you Ruth . Ruth stand up , take a few step . she stare at the shoe . they be a rich black . RUTH do you have they in brown ? yvonne I think so , let I check . yvonne disappear into the back . Ruth walk to the front of the store , browsing . she move to the display window and bring a pair of very young pump u to she nose , and inhale . she smile and set the shoe bac on the ledge . something outside catch she attention . ext . yvonne's specialty shoppe - same time the reflection of a couple , walk down the sidewalk , can be glimpse in the window , they movement washes across RUTH be face . on the couple . a young blond wo hold hand with a dark haire , young he turn to smile at she . we see he face . ric oblivious to Ruth 's presence . int . o 61 S specialty shoppe - E - " TI Ruth look disorient . yvonne o.s. I be sorry Ruth - there 's only the black . 63 she turn from the window . yvonne stand next to she , a open shoe box in she hand . ext . fowler house - driveway - later two hefty bag be drag along the walk . Matt toss one next to a garbage that sit just inside the garage . he pick up the other bag toss it inside . the bottom split and grass spill out onto the drive - way . he go inside and return with a broom . he sweep the rass into a pile . pick up handfuls and refilling the gay . he take the broom and sweep what 's leave back toward the la . he stop , stare down at he foot . in the cement ; a child 's handprints°and write , Frank 82 Ruth 's car pull into the driveway . she get out , almost slamm the car door . without a word , she move past Matt , and into the house . Matt continue sweeping . I not . fowler house - bedroom - night - later Ruth wake to the sound of metal on metal . she look over to Matt , he 's not there . RUTH ( scare ) Matt ? she step to the window , pull back the shear and look out . through the window , in the dark , alone , flashlight in hand . Matt be dismantle the swin set . - grinnel cabin - day a four room dwelling , surround by a wrap around porch that look out over a canopy of forest below . the place be build before insulation be practical . planks , beam , and stud be expose . there be a bathroom , two bedroom , and a common room consist of a kitchen / dining area , and live room , with a ge , river stone fireplace . there be two oil burn 1 ps hang from cross beam at each end of the room . Ruth sit next to Katie at a table in the middle of the room . Katie be ouring over a stack of snapshot book , descibin she chid " h and be dchild in eac pose . the photo , with ile many , be all from a single trip that the family make to Florida . there be a clear dif erence in vernacular between the two woman , Katie also have a voice that have be train to reach anyone who might be in the for corner of she house . 9 + katie 's lil Charles down at the oh and here ' pool - he figure out how to get down to the pool on the elevator all by himself . RUTH ( patiently ) he must of be very proud . katie line oh yeah . oh here 's Shannon waitin in for that rollercoaster - you know the one ? Ruth have no idea . RUTH ( politely ) be the line very long ? katie well some of they . yeah - sixty minute and upward - unless of coarse ya get the " fast -pass . " RUTH what 's the fast pass ? katie ms " well ya get all the different " kingdo - there - -- and so you take the fast pass it 's a kind of a laminate card and you put it intah a machine and it tell you what time to come back - so you can go right in without waitin in lane . you guy ever go down to Florida ? Ruth smile at the think and shake she head - RUTH 0 -.no0 how many grandchild do yo u have now ? Katie turn from the snapshot and take a breath while hold up she finger to count - she be genuinely unsure . katie ( under she breath well there 's lil Charles , Shannon , the three older one and the baby ... eleven . RUTH that must wonderful . q 0 - ?? Katie smile and nod - it be a katie ( by rote ) " I well . Willis always say guess there 's no danger of we die off - 65 she catch herself . too late . she look at Ruth . embarrass . katie I be sorry - I be not ... Ruth wave she off good naturedly - RUTH I want to have more .. abut we have Frank , and Matt be just start he practice .. - - - I guess it make sense . katie ( guileless ) well sometimes I wish I be a only child - let I tell you . when I be little , my big sister could get I to do anything . more than once she get I to throw m self down the stair by tell inc the blanket she wrap I in be a magic car et - naturally , not be that swift , I believe she . plus which , on this trip to Florida , we be in one of the kingdom there , and she be go on about how 's we have to go on this one ride that be in this sort of mountain . I say - " k as long as it 's not a roller coaster - on account of my back - " well , we get strapped intah the little car there she start laugh - oh it 's a rollercoaster alright - that one there . she point to the picture . katie ( cont 'd ) a ride in the dark , no less . ext . grinnel cabin - S a great , endless , expanse of fir tree . we be for up , look out at this timbere landscape that seem to stretch forever . Matt stand before the edge of a cliff , d.ressr ` " - a short sleeve shirt . he take a deep breath of the ( ri. . - ountain a steady chopping rhythm be hear in the background . Matt turn . Willis be chopping the last of some firewood . matt how much of this be yours ? Willis plant he in the stump . willis ( smiling ) you ask I that eve t° e . you know the cove , the other side of the c in ? yeah ...? willis all the way to the other shoreline . Matt turn to he , grin . willis almost three hundred and fifty acre . know what it go for when I buy it ? you do not want to know . Matt continue surveying , awed . Willis turn , start walk back to he chore . willis come on , I will let you help I . Matt join he . together , they bundle up the wood . trail to grinnel cabin - day to Matt and Willis load the wood into a small trailer attach a GREEN polaris magnum 500 atv . willis only get 1 / 2 a chord of oak leave at home and you know how much that bastard Daniels charge - least I can stack this up to the cabin ... have something to burn this fall . trail to cabin - same - moving the Matt sit behind Willis on the atv as they pull the wood up road . the tree clear and we see the cabin . a GREEN subaru forester be park in front . I not . grinnel cabin - day Willis , Katie , Matt and Ruth , sit around a copious holiday spread , well into they meal . katie it 's a wonderful product and the treat you pretty good . it be on account oz , sell Mary Kay , that we get the new subaru . RUTH ( SMALL talk ) the ride up be very comfortable . it 's a very nice car . 67 willis well it 's not really a car , it 's get four - wheel drive . it 's a little suv . the grinnel 's custom , be to loudly , and with very little effort , finish each other sentence . this be how they have fun . katie what the hell be that S crap ? willis Sports utillity vehicle . katie ( to Matt and Ruth ) it 's a little jeep . S , atv , C - what 's with all this .--? she search for the word . Little help ? anyone , anyone ? RUTH ( finally ) acronym . katie yeah , guess it 's too much trouble to just say what something be anymore . willis ( to the table ) what do pms stand for ? katie yeah well , I be a army brat . I grow up with jeep . willy be just uncomfortable that I know more about one masculine thing than he do . just one ? the pty chuckle . willis thanks , buddy . Matt hel 's himself to the last of the wine - re se 's to have a ite bit Ruth watch as he drain the bottle . she shoot he a look . he catch it - , V o- , a moment . 68 RUTH ( looking awa ) you have do a suc a nice job here , Katie . do not tell I you make that drape yourself ... be that antique linen ? katie ( laughing ) sort of .. she walk over to the window and finger the fabric . katie they be pillowcase from we first house . Ruth smile at the memory . Katie sit back down at the table . katie oh , I have save every knick=knack &amp ; whim - wham we ever have . ext . dirt road - day a post stand proudly at the end of a dirt and gravel road . attach to it be two sign . one read private road . the other , no hunting . it butt up against two lane of blacktop - a small log road . headlights cut through the early evening . Willis 's idea of a S a green , subaru forester , kick up some rock . it pause briefly before take a right onto the pavement . in / ext . subaru - trevett swing bridge - day the car be stop behind a wooden guard arm . a swing bridge open for a large fishing boat . the bridge be operate by one man . be use a long metal tool , that he loop into a pulley system , which lie beneath a grid in the center of the bridge . ext . trevitt bridge - subaru - day Ruth asleep in the back seat , it 's be a long weekend . Matt glance over at she , then up to the front we be outside the car as it wait for the drawbridge to close , so it may continue . we hear the follow from perspective . I matt 1 ?? 0`1 how 's David do up there in castine ? willis well he dunnit want to go overseas - oh no ... he tell they he would reep doinit as long as he could stay in Maine or vermont - 69 katie ( inter ptin ) but David say if theyy want he to go out to New Mexico or California , he will go back to infantry - he do not care . Long as he stay out here . he 's not about to -- wi be course he do not like work in recruitment anyhow 's - Christ he get they bo 's come down to to the office at the mal - he get they half - way process and they decide they want that delay entry thing - Christ I coul dot do it -- tie or they decide not to join up at all and -- wi be well , like that one kid - he have he all the way through the work and then - oh christ - katie his folk call David and say that the boy want out so bad -- that he would take he own life . they all look at each other . how do this conversation get so depress ? willis yeah well something like that get to you Christ , I could not do it . int . fowler house - kitchen - day Ruth be at the table , alone , dress for rehearsal , hair do . she finish she breakfast as she pour through the weekend 's mail . Matt in a suit , step in to say goodbye . matt I be go now . she look up . RUTH ( flat ) okay . matt you ready to go back ? RUTH 70 matt ( T in ) you loo nice . angle who look to Ruth for some kind of reaction . nothing . Matt head out the door . Ruth continue sorting the mail . she stop on one piece . seem stunne , repeatedly read it . the envelope it 's from publisher 's clearinghouse . in oversize block letter , it read , frank fowler , you may have already won $ 10,000,000 ! she stare at the piece for a long time . look off . smile . and start giggle . she can not stop . the giggle quickly flow into a deep laugh fit , harder and harder as the tear rain down . int . matte office - day Matt be in he office , on the phone . matt ( into phone well that 's totall unacceptable be not it ? - well what do he say ? uh huh well , we can not allow that m I guess we be gonna have to show he how the cow eat the cabbage . janelle knock on the door . matt hold on a second . he put he mouth over the speaker and lower the phone . nod to janelle and she enter . janelle Dr. fowler , I be sorry . there 's someone ' Ryan collit . his mother ` N bring he in . he do not have a appointment but -- I be sorry b L _ ; you will have to re-schedule . janelle 's a little take aback . 71 janelle he 's Ann collit 's son . I think . well , you know , I think you might want to matt ( into the phone ) I will call back later . he hang up . he get up and grab he jacket matt sorry janelle , I will be back at four . janelle ( uncomfortable ) .o.k. Matt leave she stand there . I not . district attorney' office - day lobby William Davis 's secretary , regina , 40 , sit at she desk . she be on a call , Matt stand wait . regina ( hanging up ) I be sorry , Dr. fowler , you just miss he . matt I really need to see he . he go to lunch ? regina that 's right . she sense something in he tone . regina he 's across the street . I not . kuurret on MAIN restaurant day a bustling dining room , pack with businessman . the nice place in town it 's lunch hour . the door open . Matt enter . he scan the room . his eye set on william davis sit at a table with colleague , share a laugh . 72 Matt make he way over to the table . Davis see h' davis hey , Matt . Matt stand awkwardly , as Davis ' companion look on . davis ( polite ) have a seat . Matt hesitates , take a seat next to Davis . manage a obligatory smile to the other . the conversation resume . ext - market on MAIN restaurant - STREET later on the street outside the restaurant , walk . davis we be do all we can , matto I promise you that . matt what can I do Bill ? davis there 's nothing ... Matt take Davis ' arm . matt it can not be manslaughter . there 's get to be something - be not there something you can find ? a piece of evidence ? that happen - do not that happen ? he realize he 's hold Davis ' arm . he let goo Davis look at Matt sympathetically . davis we really be do everything we can , Matt - but I be not go to lie to you - we have get no witness - only strout - who claim there be a struggle - and forensic can not determine if there be a struggle . because of the condition the house be in when Frank get there . Matt say nothing . '' q. , they come to the corner . Matt step under a awning and into the shade . 73 Davis stop . he shift foot a couple of tae . pla ing with the change in he pocket , the way people do when they be uncomfortable . davis I be sorry att . if it help , we all want this guy put away . we have kid , too . Matt nod , without look at he . Matt look at Davis 's hand move the change . he become hypnotize by the sound . Davis continue talk . Matt can not hear a word of it , though . all he hear be the clinking of the coin in the pocket . ext . gigi harbor - day Matt stand in the wheelhouse , he bring the helm about , .cut back on the throttle and head for the winch , the stern be stack with four high row of Frank 's empty trap . Matt pull up a string of pot . open the door and pull out a young male . he flinch and drop it . his finger go to he mouth . ext . gigi harbor later load up to the gill with pot . she turn toward harbor . ext . gigi harbor - S Matt at the wheelhouse head in . his hand on the wheel , blood trickle from he finger . he suck on it again , reach down underneath he foot and pull a band - aid from a box and apply it to the finger . ext . " gigi " later Matt unload Frank 's trap onto the landing . he stop . seem to sense something . he look back up the gangway . Jason sit on he bicycle watch . the two regard each other for a moment . then without a word Jason ride off . I nt. gri l's crow be nest - day Willis dry a glass . he keep a eye on Matt sit at a booth in the front ? for the diner , silhouett by a window . he push a half - eat burger away , drain a bottle of beer . it 's not the first . T booth Willis set down a cup of coffee for himself . take a seat across from h' they both gaze absently out the window . I not . roceland high school - ruth's office - day Ruth be alone at she desk , she wear headphone and be busy make notation on a sheet of manuscript paper . there 's a knock on she door . she do not look up . RUTH ( take off the phone ) yes ? there 's a pause , then the door slowly open . Natalie take a step in . Ruth look up . if she 's surprised , she do not show it , natalie I - -a I hope this be okay . Ruth say nothing . Natalie move closer . natalie I have be hope we might be able to get together - to talk . Ruth watch she as she approach the desk . Natalie bend and cautiously extend she hand for Ruth to hold . natalie I just want to tell you how -e - and in a flash Ruth slap Natalie across the face with she open hand . Natalie spring back , paralyze with shock . she try to catch she breath , stare directly at Ruth . eye ablaze , Ruth say nothing . - the two woman look at each other for a very long time and final , as if she finally somehow get the resolution she come for , lead hold high , Natalie turn and walk out . E X T strout &amp ; son cannery T cyclone fence surround the lace . sign read " strout son " - it be the end of the day . 75 a grow of worker file out , gab , start to strip the eve of they smock and hair - net . Tim , Frank 's friend , exit with he co-worker . he climb into he mini pick - up , and pull out of the lot . a few second later , from outside the lot , Matt 's car pull away - int . show &amp ; tell - afternoon - later a crowded work class tavern . video oker machine , beef jerky at the bar , schaeffer 's on tap . we be in fuck . it 's happy-hour . Tim sit around a table with a couple of buddy , laugh . charle we lose a few string and we have a fair idea it be he who be do it - so 's I just flat out ask he " no be not I . " you should of see what he try to pull last wintah . he be up to the island there - and he claim we trap be in he part of the cove - bobb be up to the tavern on the head and e d he shoot he mouth off about how he and he stet a be gonna take a bat to the old man &amp ; I - so 's I tell the old man about it and he say " do not hurt my feeling none . " he say " go on down to the Walmart and buy a couple of plastic bat . " next day the old man walk intah the office at the market - near the scale - where he know 's the son of a bitch be gonna come in with he catch . he 's get two six penny nail a hammer , and the bat o'coarse , so he nail that thing right intah the wall . the guy at the scale look at he like he 's nut " whatta ya do there Ivan " he say " just send a message " and the old man walk out . I come in and I could see what he write across they thing . the door to the bar open . tim what ? charle " here 's the bat - if you get the ball . " Tim and the other crack up . charle do not touch we trap aftah that . stop mid sentence . 76 Matt be pass by he table . tim Dr. fowler ? Matt flinch , " surprised " to see Tim . a few minute later Matt and Tim have move to another booth . Matt lean heavily on he elbow , listen to Tim . tim no - no , I do not even see Richard anymore . and he would never tell I anything , believe me. Matt take a pull of beer . matt sure , of course . I be just wonder , you know , maybe there be something you hear , through the grapevine , maybe one of he buddy say something --- tim ( searching memory ) no -a - matt I be think , Richard 's brother , they be still work with you , right ? they must talk . Tim throw a nervous look over to the table where he friend ea they be oblivious to the conversation . he look back to Matt , shifting in he seat . Matt lean forward . he speak in a intense whisper . matt I be just say , Tim , if we could find something , something concrete . if you could just ... it could be just a slip of the tongue --- Tim look into Matt 's eye , feel the torment . tim I will keep my ear open . Matt look at he , dissatisfied . tim it 's funny run into you here , Dr. fowler . Matt look at Tim blankly , then finish he beer . 77 in / ext . tt°s car - afternoon - later Matt drive end of highway . next light Matt pull into the left-hand turn lane and signal . there be a car in front of h° above the licence plate be a yellow sticker which read " Student Driver - " the plate itself be a vanity plate it say p y4us - a 73 blue pick - truck ease to a stop in the right lane , next to Matt 's car . Matt glance over , for a moment he half expect to see Frank . he crack the passenger side window , for a better look . he stare at the driver 's window . they window roll down . attractive girl with short brunette hair stare back at Matt . lose in the absurdity , he do not look away . the light change . the girl smile sweetly and blow he a kiss , before continue through the light . Matt watch she go - he smile - as if somehow relieved . the car behind he give a polite toot - Matt make the leave . - south end market - S Ruth enter , pass the empty front register . she stroll down a aisle , pull some item from the shelf . two N chat from the next aisle . E # 1 0 - S - yeah , man , I - d better get back to the grind --- male # 2 o.s. alright , pal --- E # 1 0 - S - just do not ste al anything . nic , 301 , wear a clerk 's apron , price gun , and plastic tag tha : say ic , round the end of the aisle . as he do , he spot - 78 RUTH , move down the aisle toward he . he freeze a nervous smile - he throw a quick look to the other aisle . nick ( a little too loudly ) good evening , 's - fowler . at the counter Ruth pull out she purse as Nick ring she up . RUTH oh , and a pack of marlboro light , nick sure , as nick reach up to the overhead cigarette area , he can not help but glance past Ruth . Ruth catch this , she turn , and see - ric appear from a far aisle - he make a beeline for the door , she turn white . he leave , look back , there es heet - and then he's gone . it 's a long time before Ruth move . finally , she turn back to Nick . he look at she , embarrassed , await she reaction . she just stare at h° - fowler house - the den - dusk hatt sit comfortably , foot up , beer in hand , deep into the book orte diurban by j-f rower , he emar the front door S he do not move . most immediately , he hear the bang of cupboard open d close . 79 kitchen Ruth be put grocery away , ignore , or try to , Matt who have appear in the doorway . she put milk in the refrigerator and stare into it for a long time , try to decide what to do . he can feel she judge h ' f'inall , .having resolve something in she mind , she close the refrigerator door - revealing , tape to it , several newspaper article on the case , gather by she , no doubt , include one with a picture of Frank . matt how do it go today ? she do not answer . matt something wrong ? she do not turn around . RUTH wrong ? like what , Matt ? what could be wrong ? she continue " straighten up " , start recklessly wash dish . Matt do not leave . a plate shatter in the sink . this stop she . she stare at it , then feel he presence . she turn around . RUTH what do you want ? he look unsure of himself . matt I want to know what 's go on . RUTH right . matt you be obviously upset . if there 's something you want to talk about ... RUTH talk ? who , we ? oh , you mean to each other ? what if somebod wake in ? they would not recognize we . they would think they have the wrong house . 80 Matt take this in . he breathes deeply . matt do you want to talk or not ? RUTH ( " searching " ) talk , talk ... oh , you must mean about we dead son . no , we have not before , why should we bother now ? they stare at each other across the kitchen . matt ( slow burn ) what can I do , Ruth ? Ruth look at he for a long time . RUTH forget it , Matt . why do not you just go ... matt ( build ) what do you want from I ? RUTH I want you to stop act like nothing 's happen ! that 's what I want . matt why ? because I be not bounce off the wall ? RUTH no , Matt , that would require feeling . we do not want you to hurt yourself . matt do I a favor , Ruth . you want to have a grieve contest , go find someone else . he start to turn . RUTH yeah , I know how you grieve . have another beer . he spin back . matt what do you ow ? what ? you know nothing ! you know nothing about I . what I go through every day - ever lousy , stinking day . RUTH no , I do not know , Matt . I do not know what you go through , or if you go through ything . but that 's you choice , dear , not mine ... 81 matt you be goddamn right it be . my choice be to not scream at the world . maybe one of we have to be reasonable here , do you ever think of that ? RUTH reasonable ? e , Matt , I do n ' t know about you , but I ss my son . I be glad you have time for reason . that 's what you impart to Frank , that sense of reason - oh , he think you be very reasonable . matt what the hell be that suppose to mean ? she be about to say something , but stop short . RUTH nothing . she turn back to the dish . he move in on she , seethe . matt what be you really try to say anyway ? she say nothing , pick up the break plate . tt . that I be the one responsible ? she drop the piece back in the sink and exit . the hall he 's fast on she heel . she head for the bedroom . matt let I tell you something . let I tell you something ! she throw the door close behind she , but he bang it open with he palm . matt you of it backwards . I know what you think . that I be too lenient , that I let he get away with ... RUTH everything . everything ! she exit into the he 's right behind she . 82 matt oh , really ?!? why do you think he never come to you ? RUTH he would not talk to I , Matt . he do not trust I . you make sure of that . live room . matt why would he talk to you , Ruth ? you never listen ! RUTH no . but you do . you be winking at he the whole time . you encourage he . you want what he have . her . matt you have get to be kid ... RUTH you know it . come on . you want it , and you could not get it - that 's why you do not stop he so you could get you kick through you son . you know that 's what happen . and now you can not cope with it . you can not admit the truth - to I , or to yourself - you can not admit that he die for ygur fantasy piece of ass . Matt , stunne , reel for a second and then , finally , explode . tt you want to know why we son be dead , Ruth ? he be not with she because of I , he go there because of you . because you be so controllin , so overbearing , so angry that he be it , that he be we only one . RUTH that be not true . matt it be ! from the time he be little you be tell he why he be wrong . everything he do be wrong . what be wrong with he , Ruth ? she stare at he , dumbfounded . 1 011 matt you be so unfor ivinge you be . that 's what he say . Ana you be play the same shit out with I - that 's a horrible way to be ! horrible . you be bitter , Ruth . you can point you finger at I all you want 83 matt . but you better take a good look at yourself first . she already have , of course . RUTH ( we ) I just want to talk about what happen , Matt . matt you expect I just to open up to you ? embrace you ? you scare I . how can I talk to you ? I can not even look at you . they suddenly become aware of the doorbell , ringing , over and over . they watch each other , both reeling , both out of breath . the doorbell continue . matt ( completely drained ) that 's probably ... the police . the door Matt open it . there be no cop , just Kristen gellar , 12 , a young gymnast who would like to compete in Hawaii . kristen ( rehearsed ) hi there . I be Kristen gellar from the rockland gymnastics Association - today we be sell brand name candy . each purchase be match by the tandy corporation to help we meet we goal of travel to oahu to compete in the East / West conference . Matt 's in another world . he stare at she . matt I ... ... sure . I will take some . kristen terrific , how many ? we have a special today , 6 bar for ten dollar . ok ...sure . if by rote , Matt pull out he wallet and hand she a ten . kristen great ! " particular brand you like ? we have , goober , hershey 's - anything . anything be fine ... 81+ she finally hand he a assortment . matt okay --- he 's about to close the door . kristen if you could just sign this . I have to give you a receipt . I be sorry . this pen -- Matt hand she one from he pocket . Matt wait as the girl fill out and hand he the receipt . he close the door before she can thank h° the live room Ruth be curl up on the couch . Matt stand over she , unsure of which way to go . he stare absently into the small mountain of candy in he hand - set it on the coffee table he take a seat at the other end of the couch . matt Ruth ... RUTH ( softly ) yes ? matt Ruth .001 have no right . . . what I say - 0 . no one , no one should ever have to hear that ... RUTH ( barely audible ) I be so sorry ... he look at she , as she start to cry . he move closer to she . matt it 's okay ... RUTH no , you be right , Matt , you be be -.. horrible . ?- ` matt please --. 85 RUTH I do not blame you , Matt . I just ... that girl come by . she come by the school , and I could not forgive she . I be so ... she let go , cry hard . he lift she head onto he lap . he reach out , stroking she head , pull she matte hair from she forehead as she sob into he lap . RUTH I be sorry . I have be so a - I keep see he , Matt . I have see he . Matt nod , but he 's not really clear . matt ( confuse ) .. oh I know - up in he room - sometimes I swear Frank 's in there - on the way home just now - at a stop light - for a second I could 've -- RUTH ( softly ) not Frank . Matt freeze . then . RUTH Richard ... she break into sob . RUTH .and I do not know what to do . matt where do you see he ? RUTH Eve here - downtown , and the market . I see at South end . he smile at I , Matt - I keep run into he ... he 's tle . Matt still stroke she hair . but he 's in another world . 86 into grinnel house - basement - night the game have just start . Willis deal . Henry , Carl &amp ; Willis pick up the old banter as if Matt have onl be away on vacation ; but he can see the affection a courtesy . in they eye . willis the not of the game be Texas chase ' he groan . willis be there a problem ? henry why do you delude yourself with that crap ? willis what be you talk about ? henry look we be not in Vegas . it 's five card draw , or seven card stud . willis ( enjoying this ) that 's what I say five card draw - jack to open - Carl ? henry asshole , Matt smile . he 's miss this guy . carl I will open with a dollar . henry raise a buck . the bet 's to Matt . he stare at he card for a very long time . Willis look to say something , when Henry hit he arm . this stop he . Matt look up . he see the patience they be all exercise for he typical indecisiveness . this bother he . he stare back down at he card . stall , wait for someone to bust he . he look u at Willis - Henry - Carl . they all sort of smile uncomfortably . he can not take it . tt oh , for Christ sake say something ! this wake they up . 87 matt quit pussy foot around I d 't ! you just gonna let I stare at this card all night !? no one want to make the first move . this upset Matt even more . matt o.k. fine ! he stare back down at he card . finally it be Carl who speak . there be thing of which I may not speak ; there be dream that cannot die ; there be thought that make the strong heart weak , and bring a pallor into the cheek , and a mist before the eye . and the word of that fatal song come over I like a chill : a boy 's will be the wind 's will , and the thought of youth be long , long thought . Matt look up from he card into Carl 's eye . the two man regard each other . ext . grinnel house - front porch - night the game have end . Matt say goodnight to Henry and Carl , as the two of they pull out of Willis be driveway . Matt be about to leave . just climb in the front seat . when Willis put a hand on he shoulder . willis come back in for a drink . I not . grinnel house - entry hall - night Willis and Matt step back in , close the door behind they . katie o.s. honey , be you come to bed now ? Willis move to the step lead upstairs . willis soon baby , Matt 's still here . katie 0.s. 11 %-?.: oh for hi Matt - hone , would you mind bring I my pit 's ? they be downstairs from when the kid be here . willis I will be right there . I not . grinnel house - basement - night a few minute later . Matt sit alone in the room . be get up to examine a picture hang on the opposite wall . he 's not particularly interested , he 's see it a million time , he 's just kill time . a corner of the room devote to Naval memory . a pristine version of Matt 's u.s.s. constellation cap serve as the center piece . Willis come down from upstairs . willis she 's all set - now what can I get you ? matt I be fine thanks . Willis nod and take a seat . willis - you back on the wagon ? he be . willis sit down Matt you be make I nervous . Matt take a seat . willis I be glad you come tonight . matt I too . willis Boy , Carl really laid on the verse huh ? matt ( chuckling ) ye ..ye he do . get I think out - e stop himself . willis what ? matt I do not know - sort of silly really . willis c'mon what be it ? 89 matt this thing with - with Frank when he be about three , I guess . we be over at my folkl house . matt Mom always like little dog - this one be a - pekingese , I think . I remember hearing this yelp , and then a scream . Frank run out point to he finger . I look at it could not see a thino . Mom say Frank must have " cornere the dog " and I know she be probably right . we be drive home , and Ruth notice Frank itching he a .. she pull back he sleeve , and there be this two deep , bloody , puncture mark ... willis why do you think he point to he finger ? Matt shake he head . tt ( searching ) . I cruess he do not want we to ow . he stare into he hand , as the memory crystallize . Willis look confuse , and somewhat uncomfortable . willis he get up and head to the bar . matt ( to himself ) .had to put that dog down . Willis throw some ice in a tumbler . willis I be think just the other day about the last time frankie be - Matt cut he off . his name be ar k. not frankie . Willis look stunne . willis .i be sorry Matt . I do not care ... he just never like be call that . 90 willis o.k. Matt nod . he look away . matt she do not tell I , Willis . she never say a word - she see he at South end . willis Christ . matt she 's see he before . it 's kill she I do not think about bail . I think I would not have to worry about he for ye S - willis you know what I hear ? he 's tend bar up to Old orchard Beach . Matt look up . willis for a friend . ever notice even the worst bastard have friend ? nobody know he over there . if they°do , they do not care . they drink what he mix Willis set a can of moxie down in front of Matt . willis ( refer to the can ) I do not know how you drink this stuff it 's what drive I to beer as a child . he sit down with he own drink . a moment . willis I hate he , Matt . my boy go to school with h° he be the same thei . , - know what he ' 11 do ? five at the most - and then you ' 11 e bump into h all over again I ow . willis remember that woman about seven year a of ? shot she husband sop he of for t e bridge in the St - gac - : with a hundred pound sack of cement and say the whole way through it nobody help she . know where she be now ? she 's in sear ort now , a secretary . and whoever help she , where the hell be he ? 91 willis it would break my heart Matt , it would , but - you ever think about just - move away ? Matt nod . stare into he hand for a long time . ma , tt yeah , we have . finally , he look up , he eye meeting Willis I s. matt it would not matter . the SOUND of a lone F voice - singing ext . camden amphitheater - magic hour the voice be join by another and become a duet . we turn to find the voice and see we be at the foot of a small knoll . a steeple in the distance poke thorough the last blue husk as the sun die . look around we see a ancient gazebo - then stair lead up to a stone library - a boulder at the foot of another knoll - above - descend toward we - the girl , each hold a single candle , dress in brightly embroider smock , enter in procession sing - jennie mae mama . " the effect be beautiful and feel like a sort of quicken . the group proceed down the hill and blossom into a - amphitheater which face the harbor . Ruth stand at the bottom of the proscenium - she arm up - direct the choir . the place be fill with half the town . angle matt try to take it all in . but not really present . suddenly he turn and leave . ext . old orchard beach - night the town go to sleep for the night . the sign business power down . ext - peter' night the establishment 's various beer Signs &amp ; interior light turn off . ext . peter be - night a large chain of keys turn the tumbler of a deadbolt lock . two car be all that 's leave . a waitress emerge from the bar . Richard be fast on she heel . he exit , make conversation as he quickly lock the door . 92 ric hey -o - wait up . waitress good night , Richard . see ya tomorrow she start to walk to she car - he catch up to she , accompany she to she car . ric you want to come over for a drink ? just a drink . she stop in front of she car . waitress no , thanks . maybe some other night . he stand in front of he Brown suburban , watch as the waitress get in she car , pull away and leave . richard fuckin ' bitch . he turn and freeze . Matt fowler stand a few foot away , a ortay calibre 7.65 automatic directly at Richard 's face . his glove hand poin grip the gun tightly . richard Dr. fowler ? matt do not talk . unlock it and get in . ric he . wait a minute . let 's , let 's just calm down ... Matt cock the gun . ric alright ! shit . Richard obey . he unlock both door . Matt open the back door , but stay plant , the gun train on Richard . Richard get in the driver 's seat . Matt climb in the back . he press the gun 's muzzle against the back of Richard 's head . V 0 - , matt be there any one at you place ? ric ( ironically ) not tonight 93 matt good . drive there . Richard look over he shoulder to back the car up . Matt aim at he temple , but do not look at he eye . Richard finish back up and put it into drive . matt drive slowly - do not try to get stop . ext . peter' parking lot alley Matt can see the ocean . he uncock the revolver . Matt crack the window . Matt lean down in he seat . he transfer the gun into he leave hand , remove the glove from he right , and wipe the sweat from he bare palm onto he pantleg . he put the glove back on , grip the gun . Richard 's Brown suburban drive down a alley adjacent to fun Park and turn onto a desert Main Street . int / ext . brown suburban - night they drive back through town , the sea wall on they leave hide the beach . on the right be the place , most with they neon sign off , that do so much business in 's er : the lounge and cafe and pizza house . the street itself empty of traffic . richard he be make it with my wife . his voice be careful , not plead . Matt press hard with the muzzle against Richard 's head . Richard flinch and move he head forward . Matt lower the gun to he lap . matt do n-t talk . / ext . brown suburban richard S trout duplex - night the Brown suburban slowly pull up to the front . Matt lean forward . th. muzzle graze Richard 's head . drive it to the back . 91 + ric you would not have it cocked , would you ? for when I put on the brake . Matt cock it . it be now . Richard tense . he drive around the side of the building . ext . richard strout duplex back yard - night the Brown suburban inch forward toward the garage and brake . the engine shut off . Matt keep the cocked gun firmly train on Richard . he get out and shut the door with he hip . matt all right . Richard look at the gun , then get out . he move across the grass . Matt closely behind , look at the row of small backyard on either side of they and scattered tall tree . he glance from house to house . look for sign of one insomniac neighbor , some man or woman sit alone watch the all - night channel from Boston . all be quiet . they move up the back walk and to the side kitchen door . Matt stand directly behind Richard as he open the door . it 's pitch black inside the duplex . matt turn on the light . Richard flip the wall switch . in the light . Matt stare at he wide back , and long reach . I not . richard S trout duplex - kitchen night Richard stop just inside the kitchen . Matt close the door softly behind gim . matt where 's you be suitcase ? Richard almost turn around . ric my suitcase ? 95 Matt grip the gun tighter , strain to keep it from ling . matt where be it ? ric in the bedroom closet . matt that 's where be go then . when we get to a door you stop and turn on the light . they cross the kitchen . Matt can not help but glance at the sink and stove and refrigerator : no dish in the sink or even the dish rack beside it , no grease splashing on the stove , the refrigerator clean and white . Matt become momentarily 2reoccupy with one of Duncan 's drawing tape to its door . matt wait . Richard stop . Matt look conflict . doubt have creep into he face for a moment he seem to have lose he resolve . richard o.s. ( irritate ) . Jesus . Matt look to Richard with a renew sense of purpose . tt . keep go . live room a light flick on . they take the hall past the live room . Matt do not want to see anymore of Richard 's life . but he can not help h° elf . he take it all in : magazine and newspaper in a wicker basket , clean ashtray , a stereo , CD 's neatly shelve next to it . they continue down a hallway . Richard stop outside a door . ric there 's no wall switch . matt where 's the light ? ric the bed . 96 let 's go . Richard step into the darkness . Matt be careful to stay a pace behind . Richard lean over by the bed . Matt brace . lick . a small bedside lamp turn on . the bed , a double one , be neatly make ; the ashtray on the bedside table clean the bureau top dustless and no photograph - prob ly so the girl - who be scae ? - will not have to see Natalie in the bedroom she believe be theirs . but because Matt be a father and a husband , thou h never ex - husband , he know ( and do not want to ow that this bedroom have never be theirs alone . Richard turn around ; Matt look at he lip , he wide jaw . richard I want to work thing out with she . try to get together with she again . but I could not even talk to she . he be always with she . Dr. fowler , I be go to jail for it . I be go to jail . if I ever get out I will be a old man . be not that enough ? maxt you be not go to jail . pack clothes for warm weather . ric what 's go on ? you be not gonna let I go ! Matt look away . he do not answer . richard Dr. fowler ? matt you be jump bail . ric . Dr. fowler . Matt point the pistol at Richard 's face . the barrel tremble a little . Richard reach up into he closet and pull out two large canvas bag . he place they on the - he pull a third bag , a small , red , woman 's suitcase , Natalie 's no doubt , next to the other . he move to the bureau . matt it 's the trial . we can not go through that , my wife and I . so you be leave . I have get you a ticket . my wife keep see you . I can not have that anymore ... 97 ric he be make it with my wife . I would go pick up my kid and he would be there . sometimes he spend the night . Duncan tell I . he do not look at Matt as he speak . he open the to ewer . Matt step closer so he can see Richard 's hang . underwear and the sock roll , the underwear fold and stack . Richard arrange they neatly in the suitcase . the kitchen the livin room the clothes . Matt be strike b this man 's sense of order , of iscio ine . Matt watch the absurdity of Richard sorting clothes by season . he even pack a small instamatic camera . he pack the thing a man accumulate and become part of he . matt ( be : the suitcase ) okay , that 's enough . richard I need some thing from the bathroom . matt alright . the bathroom Richard step just inside the bathroom door and stop . matt keep go . richard gotta pee . Matt realize Richard mean to have privacy . he push he into the room . take a step back and pull the door so it be only slightly ajar . he keep he foot between the jam and the door . he eye Richard 's back reflect in the mirror . he can hear he make water . he look like he wonder about allow this courtesy . matte glance at : a picture on the wall outside of the bathroom : Natalie Richard and they two boy , in front of someone 's house . smiling . she look happy . C look around the room frantically - he eye find nothing that will help he situation - he flush the toilet - Matt swing the door fully open - Richard fill a travel kit with toiletry . 98 richard's bedroom Richard tuck the travel kit into a bag . Matt keep the gun on he . Richard close the suitcase , and face Matt . he look at the Matt move around behind he . now Richard be between Matt and the light hall . Richard carry a canvas bag in each hand . Matt pull another glove from he pocket . he use it to turn off the bedside lamp . Richard now d'_lhhouett in the doorway . let 's go . Richard step into the hall . Matt follow , carry the small suitcase in one hand , the gun in the other . they start down the hallway . Matt turn off light with he elbow as they go . past the live room into the kitchen . wait . Richard tense , he stop at the kitchen door . Matt set the suitcase down . he use that hand to reach into he jacket . he pull out a red , white , and blue piece of paper . he drop it on the counter top . word on the paper read amt rack . Matt pick up the suitcase again . he step closer to he . press the gun into Richard 's back . matt open the door . Richard 's reach down and carefully turn the knob . he slowly pull the door open . Matt take a step back . matt get the light . Richard reach down and hit the switch . click . the two man now in silhouette . Richard exit first . Matt close behind . ext . ric S duplex - S Matt set the case down , reach bacjcan gently close the door . they walk down the two brick step to the lawn . 's the cross the lawn . Matt 's eve and ear once a ain alert for any sign of life . not eng . they reac the garage walk to the back of the Brown suburban . Richard drop the two bag near the rear bumper . 99 Matt keep the gun steady as Richard pop open the hatch and load the bag . Matt set the small suitcase at Richard 's foot . he reach down and load it last . / ext . brown suburban S Richard get into the driver 's seat . Matt in the back . Richard look up in the rear-view . for a moment , Matt connect with the desperate eye . ric they will catch I . they will check passenger list . matt I do not use you name . ric they will figure that out too . you think I would not have do it myself if it be that easy ? silence . he start it up , slide into reverse . he look back over he shoulder as they back down the driveway . Matt avert he stare . look down at the gun barrel but not at the profile face beyond it . matt you be alone . we have get it work out . ric . who 's we ? good estion . Matt do not answer though . Richard shift into drive . ext . richard's condo - parking lot - S the Brown suburban pull out of the lot and onto the street . I not . brown suburban - S ric there 's no plane this time of night , Dr. fowler . matt back through town . then north on 73 . ric the airport 's South ... matt somebody 's go to keep you for a while . they will take you to the airport - turn on the radio . find the game . 100 ric it 's after three matt they run it again . Matt lean back , quietly uncork the hammer . matt no more talk . Richard try to read Matt °s face in the mirror , but it 's now in shadow . Richard fumble with the radio , surfing the station . Matt be right . the game be on . nomar Garcia arra hit a long drive to leave with runner in scoring position " a cinch to collect 200 hit this season . " Richard set he eye on the road . ext . brown suburban - highway 1 south - night the Brown suburban head away from Old orchard , onto a small two lane rural hi hwayy . the road be flanke on both side by open field , and lonely cape . few car on the road . int brown sub / wissc set bridge they come up over the high bride over the channel : to the leave the smack curling white at the breakwater and beyond that the dark sea and a full moon , and down to the right the small fishing boat bob at anchor in the cove . swirl color from behind catch they attention . Richard and Matt both look in the rear-view . a state trooper 's car with its gumball flash race up in the distance behind they . Matt jam the gun into Richard 's rib and slouches down . matt ( try to stay can rie ht take it easy - pull over to the shoo der . Matt &amp ; Richard sit tight wait for the inevitable . the light gain in intensity , as the cab fill with crimson . ext . wiscasset bridge the cruiser tear right past they . quickly fade into the distance . ? e I not . brown S - S Matt lean back he look shake . Richard watch he chance disappe 101 ext . owl head - night the vague outline of mountain , it be almost pitch black . onl hi d' the moon . then , from far off , a pair of headlight move tow we , fight through the thick night . brown suburban 73 NORTH junction Richard see the sign for the 73 North . he glance back at Matt in the rearview mirror . he make the turn . ext . owl be head grange - S the Brown suburban make the turn . I not . brown suburban - S Matt &amp ; Richard check out they surroundings . ext . SMALL bridge - night trevette bridge the Brown suburban drive across a small steel bridge that cover a salt river . the tire make a low thumping sound on the grid . I not . brown suburban - B y C road ( owl head ) - night they have leave the 73 and be drive on a small rural route . Matt lean forward , the gun rest against the top of Richard 's seat . he look around , try to get a bear . matt turn around . richard why ? matt we miss it . turn around . back and turn in at the last road . ext . R route - same - night Richard slow , and make a u-turn . his light illuminate private - road and no hunting sign . he take a right , onto a dirt road flanke on both side by fir tree . E .dirt road we track with the Brown suburban as fir tree strobe in the foreground . 1 02 in / ext . brown suburban - dirt road ric there 's nothing back here Dr. fowler ? I do nut understand why you do n-t just matt it 's for you be car . you do not think we would leave it at the airport do you ? matt watch ric S large , big knuckle hand tighten on the wheel . they crawl up the trail , the wheel crunching the gravel , the headlight shine into the dense wood . the road seem endless . Richard cringe as they bounce over a bump . both of they eagerly peer beyond the windshield . finally , at a great distance , the tiny light window of a cabin come into view . a blue chevy pickup be park in front of the place . matt stop here . the Brown suburban crawl to a stop . Richard keep the engine run . Matt press the gun hard against he neck . he straighten in he seat and look in the rearview mirror . Matt 's eye meet he in the glass for a instant before focus on the hair at the end of the gun barrel . tt turn it off . Richard do . the ball game disappear , and the silence be strangely a anent . he continue to hold the with eel with both hand . he ook in the mirror . ric I will do twenty year , Dr. fowler , I will be fifty - four year old . matt that 's two year young than I ext . dirt road - S Matt get out and kack the door shut . Richard open he door . he do not move . just sit in the interior light . his face now plead . Matt can see it in he lip . matt get the bag . ric - ( terrified ) where be we Dr. ?owler ? 103 matt almost there . Richard carefully get out . instinctively , he raise he hand about shoulder level . they move to the back of the Brown suburban . Richard pop the hatch . he pull out the two canvas bag . he set they on the ground . he reach in and pull out the small suitcase . we hear a screen door slam shut . Richard look surprised . he turn back to Matt . c'mon now . Richard reach down and pick up the bag . he struggle to carry all three . Matt grab the small suitcase from he . matt that way . Richard lug the bag toward the cabin . we hear heavy crunching footstep of someone approaching . Richard stop . willis appear from down the path . he nod to Matt . ric Mr. grinnel ? willis I will get they , son . Willis take the bag from Richard , turn , and carry they up the long path back to the cabin . richard look S be •e' relieved . he wait a moment , u-sure of what to do . finally , he start wal ' - .ing up the path after Willis . 1 wait . Richard stop , °d-step . he tense , wait . matt you can carry this one . Richard turn . lo he reach out to take the bag from Matt . Matt keep it at he side , and take a step back , he gun train on Richard . richard connect with tt's eye . know . richard duck and take one step that's the beginning of a sprint . boom the gun kick in matte hand . the gun' report echoes for eternity . matt stand absolutely still . still hold the little suitcase . look down at richard strout squirming on he belly . kicking one leg behind he , pushing himself forward , toward the wood . matt watch dispassionately . step forward , raise the gun and fire one more shot . richard stop moving . Matt stand there motionless . we hear footstep . Willis run up to Matt . stop at richard's corpse . willis ( breathless ) matt the two man look into each other eye . Matt seem to be somewhe be else he look back down at the body . willis this be not what we talk out , matt he try to run . Willis look at the gun still in Matt 's hand , the little suitcase in the other . willis we be go to wait , and take he out in the wood . Matt raise he head . he look at Willis flatly . 105 matt I coul °t wait . body - a d in a blue tarp , be suddenly drag away by the atv . it es quite a racket . we follow it as it scrape along , the road back into the wood wood - they have rove the body from the atv and be now draggin it deep into the wood . the only sound be the break of bran es and they continual grunt . the stop°at the top of a small knoll , panting and sweat . wil be quietly remove a small mass of branch , revealing a of t large , well - dig hole . together , they drag the body t he edge of the hole . move behind it . lift the leg , and push it in . the wood - later - Willis and Matt come up from the wood . they carry Richard 's lug age . Willis drop the canvas bag into the hole . Matt loo 's at the suitcase and then drop it in . Willis take a couple of step away , and grab two shovel lean against a small birch . he hand one to Matt . together , they begin fill in the hole . same place - later - Matt hold the flashlight as Willis sprinkle leave and branch over the hole . Willis freeze , as if he have hear something . Matt cut the light . they hear some footstep approach , closer , then they see it - a deer not 30 yard distant watchin they a Buck with a splendid rack , a deep chestsnowy white , a l of he in he prime his flag up d twitching . his eye u quin then he bound off and be go . wood later - the walk through the wood . the light on the ground . they bot look up through the tree where they end at the lake . neither of they speak , only the sound of they hea breathe and clumsy stride through the low brush and over fa len branch . 106 ext . bow Wide and dark , lap ing softly at the bank , a small island near it 's middle , with black , tall evergreen . Matt , gun in hand , take two step back , he stride with the throw and go to one knee as he follow through . the dark shapeless object arcing downward , splash . T dirt road , T brown suburban . / ext . brown S - trevett swingbridcd - night Matt in the Brown suburban , be stop behind the wooden and arm , Willis in he own car behind . the swing bridge be open for the 5:00a.m. fishing boat . the operator use he long metal tool , the bridge swing back around . the arm rise . matt seem somewhere else . willis willis ( angry ) c'mon g m tt . o a Matt drive the Brown suburban over the bridge . the operator give he a friendly nod . wave to Willis in the Ford . ext . wiscasset bridge - pre-dawn Willis 's truck &amp ; Richard 's S travel towards we away from wiscasset . on they way to cheesy town Island . I not . ford - old orcd station - pre-dawn Willis watch out he windshield as the Brown suburban park in the station lot . Matt get out of the Brown suburban and lock the driver door . be walk the Ford , and get in the passenger side . they drive off . / ext - wissc set bridge - S Willis 's car move slowly over the channel bridge , back to wiscasset . Matt roll down he window . be toss richard°s key over the side of the brad e . the trim shape of lobster boat and smal craft anchore in t he hexbor below , loo like old toy in a bathtub , he roll up the window as the car continue across . both man silent , lose in think , stare out the windshield at the road ahead . 107 willis { softly ) what time be it ? Matt check he watch . matt ten to six . we lose a hour . sorry . Willis 's jaw tighten . wiillis ( almost lose he temper ) yep ... high tide . can not stop people from fish ' in Matt - uck 'in bride Matt look over at Willis . matt I be sor Willis . Willis look at Matt . he know . eye back to the road . willis ( forced calm ) stop in to he little shed there once place reek ... the guy 's spill more whiskey than we have ever drunk . just pray he 's already three sheet to the wind . Matt do not reply . willis Katie 's pill will be wear off soon . I / ext .fo MAIN STREET rockland - dawn they drive down the empty street of a sleep rockland . past the imer of rockland civil W memorial , two sentrys stand gu , past high school . past rociulampolice dept . past 3 tonne's specialty shoppe something catch Matt 's attention in the store front . the anne in in the window they seem to be stare at h° 108 strut &amp ; son cannery past - aween arch ext . side STREET - matte neighborhood dawn the Ford pull up to the curb . Matt get out . Willis drive away . Matt start walk . ext . F rstreet - S the STREET light suddenly turn off ' , . the world be waking up now . ext . fowler STREET - S in the distance , Matt can see he house . the bird all seem to wake at once . Matt gaze up into the tree overhead , the first light just kissing they branch , the sky now a husky blue . the surround house with the window still dark , asleep . he pick up he pace . I not . fowler house - B. Matt enter . T laundry room - S he rove he tennis shoe , he pants , he start unbuttone he shirt . now in he T-shirt and boxer , he examine he clothes and shoe carefully , before put they into the washer - he pour detergent inside - and start the cycle . he step to a little sink and wash up . dine room the light have be leave on , he kill it and head upstairs . upstair - S. Matt slowly walk down the hall , to bedroom - S and stand in the doorway . he pause , see only the orange ember of Ruth 's cigarette , in the dark . 0 109 RUTH ( unseen ) do you do it ? he doesn -t answer . he walk in and come to bed , climb in as Ruth move over . RUTH be you all right ? he lie down . face the window , away from her . she be on she side , she prop herself up on she elbow - watch he . he wait a longtime before speak matt there be a picture with Natalie and the boy hang on he wall - Ruth look at he strangely . RUTH ( gently ) . what be it , Matt ? matt - the way she be smile . RUTH what ? matt I do not know - Ruth look at the back of Matt 's head . RUTH Matt ? he do not move . he say nothing else . she continue to stare at he . uncertainty beginning to form on she face . she look lose . if only thing cou d be as t ey be . then . RUTH at I think - you must be hungry . she wait for a response , but get e . she get out of bed , leave the room and head down stair . long empty way . we eear RUTH downstairs in the kitchen . 110 RUTH 0 . S. Matt ? Matt just lie there , in another world . RUTH Matt dear , do you want coffee ? be do not respond . instead he look at he finger . the bandage wet from wash up . he slide it off easily , like oversize ring . the skin have heal . later now Sun light creep in through the curtain , onto Matt 's face . Ruth lie sleep on he chest . a breakfast tray at he bedside which he have not touch Matt be cede awake . he stare at the ceiling reliving it his eye full of a unspeakable sadness . the lid heavy . if only he could sleep . but he will not . not today . there be a small crack in the ceiling . he will have to fix that . black - the faint sound fade up the end