in the Valley of elah Story by Mark boal & Paul haggis screenplay by Paul haggis final shoot script November 30 , 2006 production complete February 15 , 2007 in the Valley of elah over black a man 's voice , small , filter by great distance : mike ( 0.s. ) dad ?... dad ? hank ( 0.s. ) I can hardly hear you . int . deerfield home - hank and joan' bedroom -- morning start very close on a phone and hank 's ear . corporal vasquez ( 0.s. ) ( phone filter ) I say you son have go awol . hank ( confuse ) my son be in Iraq . wide to see hank deerfield cradling the phone , sit on the edge of he bed . you do not have to ask if hank have see war , he speak with the confidence of someone who have be to hell and mapped the terrain . he keep himself in shape and be not a man who be often catch off guard , which make he confusion that much more troubling . corporal vasquez ( 0.s. ) you son be in Iraq , sir . his unit arrive stateside four day ago . hank soldier , if my son be back I would sure as hell know about it . joan deerfield , hank 's wife , enter to check what 's go on . Joan 's a good look woman , young than hank . corporal vasquez ( 0.s. ) Sir , sergeant carnelli ask I to tell you you son have until Sunday to get back to the base , or he will be list as absent . I be sorry , I have another call . click . hank hang up . joan who be that ? ( continued ) continued : hank some horse 's ass . do Mike email you ? joan why on earth would he do that ? he know I can not read the darn thing . hank ( exite ) you really should have someone show you sometime . joan ( call after he ) sarcasm be not you most endear quality , hank . int . hank's attic office -- continuous hank 's desk sit in the corner of a unfinish attic room . hank check he answer machine , no message . he tap the older model laptop computer on he desk ; the black screen disappear , revealing he email program : one message -- someone look for a miss weigh bill . hank pick up the phone and press a autodial number . mike ( v.0 . ) this be Mike , leave a message and if I ever get a signal I will call you back . beep . hank hey , Mike , it 's you old man . Heard you be back . give I a ring when you get a chance . hank hang up , consider . ext . deerfield home -- morning theirs be a modest two bedroom home lie a front - yard 's distance off the highway . a ancient but well maintain dump truck sit at the back of a long gravel drive , front end jack up . the truck door read deerfield hauling . hank slide out from under the truck with a tie rod and wrench in he hand . he drop the rod into the box of he 1989 Ford f150 pickup , put he wrench in the tool chest and pull off he coverall . ( continued ) continued : as the pickup pull out of the drive we widen to see the row of identical house lining the highway , most of they proudly display american flag . welcome to the town of munroe , Tennessee . int . truck part store -- morning hank wait , the bust tie rod on the counter . a tv in the corner play a press conference about the state of the war . stu , the 60ish salesman , return with a new rod . stu there you go . hank you be sure this one will fit . stu you gotta trust somebody sometime , hank . ( be : tv ) Bet Mike will have some storey to tell , will not he ? course now they can see at night and shoot through concrete wall , almost make you sorry for the ragheads . Big difference from we day . hank what day be that ? stu ... what do you mean ? hank stu , unless I be mistaken , the only action you see be Kent State . shot a school boy , do not you ? stu ... that be a riot , and I do not kill anybody . hank yeah . that 's what I hear . hank take the tie rod and leave . ext . street of munroe , tennessee -- morning hank step out of the part store and get into he pickup . he slow as he pass the local high school , notice ... ( continued ) continued : he Pov - the high school & flag pole kid enter do not notice the american flag fly upside down . int . high school - school office -- morning hank enter to be greet by lenore , the cheerful receptionist . the flag be clearly visible from the window . hank hi. lenore why hello there . hank I be hank deerfield . lenore Mike 's dad , I know that . you know we be all just so proud of Mike and we other boy serve they country ... and girl ... do you know cheri michael be fly a helicopter ? flunke driver Ed and they let she fly a whirlybird . hank miss ... lenore lenore . hank lenore . have you look out you window this morning ? lenore this window right here ? hank this window right here . do you see anything odd ? the flag ?... ( nothing ) see how it 's fly upside down ? lenore oh , gosh , I do not notice that . oh dear . well do not you worry , I will have that put right first thing in the morning . ( continued ) continued : hank it be the morning . lenore we just get so busy here . hank lenore , do you happen to know what it mean , a flag fly upside down ? lenore that someone 's die ? hank no -- lenore -- see , I always get that wrong . hank -- that 's fly at half mast . lenore could mean that the person put it up be not pay a lot of attention . she laugh at she own joke , as she often do . hank yeah , it could . but it do not . who raise the flag every morning , the principal ? lenore oh , good gosh no , he come run in about one minute before nine ; no it 's Juan , we janitor . hank ( this be get worse by the second ) the janitor raise the flag . who take it down at night ? lenore Juan . hank right . so , why do not we ask Juan to fix it right now ? ( continued ) continued : lenore oh , I could not do that . he have so much to do ; you know they laid off all the other janitorial staff , with cutback and such , he can hardly keep up as it be . hank Fine . then I will do it . lenore oh , I be afraid I can not let you handle school property ; it 's a insurance issue . hank a flag be not school property . all flag be property of the US government , who loan they to we under the promise that we treat they with respect . lenore no , I be pretty sure we buy that one . I know because I have to order it when we throw the old one in the trash . hank in the trash . listen , before I get myself in a lot trouble , why do not you just tell I where to find Juan ? int . boy ' restroom -- morning flooded , hank stand in a inch of brown water . juan drop he pipe wrench back into he toolkit on the sink . Juan have a mayan face and speak with the accent of a immigrant . juan now ? hank slip he a ten dollar bill . hank I would really appreciate it . Juan shrug and head out , wiping he hand . hank take a long look at the mess before exite . ext . high school - flag pole -- morning Juan reattach the flag . hank snag the tip just before it hit the grass . hank you do not let it touch the ground . juan okay . hank where be you from ? juan El salvador . hank what 's you flag look like ? juan a flag . hank you know what it mean when a flag be hang upside down ? ( he do not ) it 's a international distress signal . juan no shit . hank no shit . it mean we be in a whole lot of trouble , so come save we ass , cause we have not get a prayer in hell of save ourselves . juan it say a lot . hank yes , it do . so , you know how to do it now ? juan oh , yes . hank good . Juan look up at the flag fly . hank walk to he truck . ext . deerfield home -- dusk Joan watch from the kitchen window . out in the drive , hank lie under he dump truck , smack the rod with a mallet . he curse it and rise . int . deerfield home -- dusk hank ( pass the kitchen ) anyone call ? joan no . Joan watch he tread upstairs . int . hank's attic office -- night the phone ring in hank 's ear , until : operator ( 0.s. ) Fort rudd , how may I direct you call ? hank first sgt. Arnold bickman , criminal investigation division . operator ( 0.s. ) ... I be sorry , sir , I have no one by that name on base . hank thank you . hank hang up , swivel in he chair and see Joan stand in the open doorway . joan you go to tell I ? int . deerfield home - hank & joan' bedroom hank open he top drawer , remove three neatly fold pair of underwear , sock , three white undershirt . he tuck they into a small zip bag and open he second drawer , remove three starch white cotton shirt and a shoe shine kit . joan I want to go with you . ( continued ) continued : hank if he 's hole up somewhere celebrate , the last thing he need be he mother walk in on he . I will call you when I get there tomorrow night . joan it 's a two day drive . hank for some people . he kiss she on the forehead , put he laptop under he arm and exit . int . deerfield home - mike' bedroom -- continuous copy of soldier of fortune share the shelf with sport memorabilia and snapshot of Mike and he buddy in Bosnia ( circa 2001 ) and Iraq ( 2003 ) . hank finger a autograph football , put it back and slip a photo of Mike in he dress uniform out of the frame . he pocket it and head out , flick off the light . ext . interstate -- night the pickup speed along , pass a car or two . int . / ext . hank's pickup - two lane blacktop -- night hank do what he do best , drive . a oncoming big rig blind he with its high beam . hank squint . fade to white mike ( v.0 . ) dad ? dad ? young boy' voice dad ! int . hank's pickup - rest stop -- early morning hank wake with a start . he hear tapping . hank look to he driver 's side window and be surprised to see ... a fierce - looking cholo stand at the open window , chew gum . tattoos , scar face , someone you would cross the street to avoid . hank try not to react . ( continued ) 10 . continued : cholo how ya doin ' ? hank good . you ? cholo very good . you get a light ? hank push in he cigarette lighter and they wait . tense . it pop out . hank hand it to he and the cholo light he smoke . cholo ( cont 'd ) thanks . and he walk back to he junker car , where hank see evidence of someone else sleep in the back seat . a small american flag fly clipped to the window . several other vehicle be park in this rest stop off the interstate , mostly truck and camper . out in the patch of grass a young boy kick a soccer ball around while he parent sleep . young boy' voice dad ?.... dad ! hank smile to himself , grab he bag and open he door . int . rest stop restroom - morning hank put away he shave kit , button the cuff of he newly press cotton shirt . ext . ft. rudd military base - entrance -- afternoon the pickup drift up to the guard kiosk and hank hand the guard he id - retired military . int . ft. rudd military base - office corridor hank wait . sergeant first CLASS dan carnelli step out . sgt . carnelli sgt. deerfield ? hank hank . thanks for see I , I know you be busy . ( continued ) 11 . continued : sgt . carnelli ( walk he in ) you should have let I know you be come ; I would have clear some time . Bet the base have change a lot since you day . int . ft. rudd - sgt . carnelli's share office -- later hank and sgt. carnelli sit . a corporal bring in coffee . hank what about he buddy ? sgt . carnelli we ask , of course . ( be : coffee ) thanks . ( to hank ) a lot of man be just come back today from a 72 . I do not want you to think I be not concerned , but where this boy have be , it 's a miracle more of they do not blow outta here for a few day . for the last eighteen month they could not drink , could not even flirt with a woman . they touch down , the first thing they do be find a bar and a girl . I expect you son will come stumbling in look for a shot of penicillin . hank ... you mind if I have a look at he quarter ? int . barracks corridor -- afternoon Men come and go in they Green bdus . sgt. carnelli and hank weave through the man . carnelli spot corporal steve penning , 22 , call to he : sgt . carnelli pen . penning yes , sergeant . sgt . carnelli this be specialist deerfield 's father . ( continued ) continued : 12 . penning Steve pen , good to meet you , sir . have you hear from Mike ? hank no . sgt . carnelli Mr. deerfield want to take a look at he son 's quarter . penning ( to hank ) certainly , sir . shortcut be through here . ( lead they ) Mike and I go back to Bosnia , he sure tell I enough storey about you . he have not call or anything ? hank you find that surprising ? penning you would know better than I , sir , but I recall Mike show up for roll call with a collarbone stick through he skin . pen spot two soldier ahead watch a foosball game . call tot meet speci hem : penning ( cont 'd ) Long , ortiez . this be Doc 's dad . alist ennis long , 22 and private ROBERT ortiez , mexican american , same age . long honor to meet you , sir . ortiez good to meet you . hank doc? penning a nickname we give he , make no sense . ( point to door ahead ) that 's Mike 's room there . ( continued ) 13 . continued : carnelli go ahead and knock , then reach for he ring of key . hank hang back with ortiez and Long . hank you boy have any idea where Mike could be ? long sorry . ortiez must be one hell of a woman . something make hank take a beat before respond . for some reason he do not like ortiez . hank yeah . long good meeting you , sir . suddenly Mike 's door open from inside , revealing specialist gordon bonner , bare - chest . he just stare at they . bonner sergeant ? sgt . carnelli ( take aback ) this be specialist deerfield 's dad , we have come to look at he bunk . bonner ( step back ) then you do not need a key . somebody take a boot to it yesterday . carnelli check the crack door frame as hank step in . sgt . carnelli you report this to the cq ? bonner yes , sergeant . sorry , think you be somebody try to steal stuff . int . barracks - mike' room -- continuous bonner retreat into the adjoin bathroom . through it , hank see a bedroom beyond . ( continued ) 14 . continued : hank you room ? bonner yeah . ( be : bed near the wall ) that 's Mike 's bunk there . bonner go back to he room to finish dress . hank look around Mike 's small room : two single bed , small desk , bedside table and lamp . hank ( be : second bed ) who be this ? sgt . carnelli we lose a man . hank nod . he open the closet ; all he son 's clothes be still there . he search the top shelf , then pull a duffel bag out of the bottom ; check the content . sgt . carnelli ( cont 'd ) that 's you duffel , right ? hank yes . sgt . carnelli try to convince he to use the one he be issue , it be like talk to a wall . hank walk to the small bureau , open it , see the very neatly fold , neatly press t-shirt and shirt square away in the drawer . hank suddenly stop and look around the room , just now notice something by its absence . hank there be no photograph . sgt . carnelli sorry ? hank Mike 's always take picture , email they to I . I do not see any photograph . or a camera . sgt . carnellt you see the door . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . continued : sgt . carnelli ( cont 'd ) property theft be a real problem . I guess that have not change since you stint . hank no . hank step to Mike 's bedside table . he finger open the Bible lie on it . the inside leaf be stamp : courtesy of chaplain service . he pull open the drawer and notice a batter cell phone hide amongst the junk . hank ( cont 'd ) ( be : Bible ) mind if I take this ? his mother give it to he . I leave mine at home . as he pick up the Bible with he right hand he smoothly palm the cell phone with he leave and slip it into he pocket . he look to the bathroom door and notice bonner , look away , tucking in he shirt . do he see he palm the cell phone ? sgt . carnelli I would like to , but I can not let you remove anything . hank I understand . he put the Bible back on the bedside table . int . barracks entrance -- day hank sign out and walk off toward the exit . penning sergeant deerfield ? hank turn to see pen trot up behind he . hank hank . penning yes , sir . before he leave for Iraq , Mike be see a girl : she name be Jennifer Lopez . we tease he about dating J lo . hank you know where I could find she ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : penning sorry . I will ask around . hank thank you . hank turn and walk off . int . cellular phone store -- afternoon a young salesperson replace the battery in Mike 's phone . salesperson this thing 's be around some intense heat . hank it 's be in Iraq . salesperson that could do it . ( try power , nothing ) sorry , it 's dead . but I can give you a new phone with more feature with a two year contract . ext . cell phone store parking lot -- early evening hank stand next to the open door of a panel van . Inside gabriel , a cell phone technician sit at a bench with a computer and equipment . he plug the phone in under : hank I need any phone number in memory . garble information come up on the computer screen . gabriel this be seriously fry . ( search ) address book . you get number for barrack , burger , Chicken , jenn - - hank give I that one . the technician point to the screen . hank point to the guy 's cell phone . hank ( cont 'd ) May I ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : gabriel sure . hank pick it up and dial the number as the technician continue to work . hank hear : recorded message the number you have dial be no longer -- hank snap it close . hank anything else ? gabriel Mom , pizza , td 's and ted. hank td 's ? gabriel local joint . coulda be more but that 's all that 's leave . hank thanks . how much ? hank dig for he wallet . the technician study the screen . gabriel you want the media ? this catch hank off guard - what media ? angle on screen - time CUT the phone tech click on a icon and a video clip plays . there 's electronic drop out and only sporadic sound , but it 's Mike 's squad -- bonner , penning , long , ortiez , drive on the road to Baghdad , sing a march song we only hear bit of . the camera pan to the windshield , where we see the convoy of assault vehicle . smolder carcass and iraqi tank , truck and civilian automobile line they route . Mike push the camera out the window and get a shot of the large flag mount on a pole fix to the High back humvee , flap in the wind . he pull the camera back in and the image freeze on a shot of Mike . ( continued ) 18 . continued : gabriel ( cont 'd ) that you son ? hank that 's Mike . gabriel sure as hell glad they do not get I . hank that feel be probably mutual . any more ? gabriel ( tap more key ) yeah , but they be real corrupt . if you want them I get a program at home that might be able to pull they off , but it 's real slow . charge you a hundred flat ? hank ( dig out wallet ) can you email they to I ? gabriel sure . hank ( hand he $ 100 ) where 's td 's ? int . td' -- continuous nake woman twirl on pole to unbearably loud rap music . the place be jamme with off duty soldier . the bouncer point to the bar . hank squeeze through the crowd and find the bartender . he pull out Mike 's photo and shout to be hear : hank I be look for my son ! the bartender nod towards the crowd : " good luck . " hank step deeper into the club , scan the face . he 's quickly overwhelm . ext . td' -- night as he leave , hank glance over to a small group of man stand between two car . ( continued ) 19 . continued : Three be Hispanic gangbanger type , two be soldier out of uniform that look to be scoring some drug . the most dangerous - look gangbanger eyeball hank until he reach he pickup . ext . imperial motel -- night the sign boast free internet . int . imperial motel reception -- continuous hank check in . motel clerk you need a wake up call ? hank I have be waking up without a alarm every morning at four a.m. for the past forty year ; I think I will be okay . motel clerk you want to make the wake up call ? hank smile and head for he room . int . hank's motel room - montage -- night - hank check he email . his in box be empty . - hank run he finger down the crease of he pants and lay they flat between he mattress and box spring . - he polish he shoe and square they beside the bed . - he call he wife . as he speak , hank click through a folder of photo he son email from Iraq , shot of he and he buddy . joan ( 0.s. ) but why would he leave without tell we ? hank I will ask he when I see he . int . deerfield home - hank & joan' bedroom -- night Joan sit on the edge of the bed ; speak into the phone . joan hank ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : hank ( 0.s. ) I will find he . joan ... okay . int . hank's motel room -- continuous hank hang up . hank stop on a photo that seem to trouble he , we do not see it . ext . copy place -- night quiet this time of night . int . copy place -- continuous hank stand at the self - serve color printer as Mike 's photo spit out . most of they be just snap of he and he buddy . one of they be different -- hank pick it up . it 's a photo of what might be a body lying on the shoulder of a road , take from a distance . the image be chill . fade to black mike ( v.0o . ) you gotta get I out of here , dad . int . hank's motel room -- night ( early morning ) hank wake in darkness , disorient . the clock read 3:58 am . he switch on the lamp . montage - hank snap open the curtain . - he pull he bed sheet so tight you could bounce a coin off they , and fold a impossibly sharp corner . - a may push she cart along the walkway . through he bedroom window , hank 's computer come to life . hank check he email : no new message . - he pull a crisp cotton shirt from he overnight bag . - he take the local phone book from the drawer . ext . coffee shop -- early morning the first ray hit the Imperial Motel sign . hank step into the coffee shop next door carry the phone book . 21 . int . coffee shop -- continuous he leaf through the phone book ; several page of lopey , and a large number of jennifer or initial " J . " int . coffee shop - hour later -- day hank at the payphone , the phone book propped on the shelf , lot of pen line scratch off highlight number . CNN 's coverage of last night 's presidential press conference play on the tv in the background . hank Morning , be this Jennifer Lopez ? do you speak English ?... ( hang up , try next ) hello , I be look for Jennifer Lopez . ( beat ) beverly Hills , thanks very much . hank hang up . consider . flip through the book until he find a list for arnold bickman . he dial . arnold bickman ( 0.s. ) hello ? hank Arnold bickman ? int . coffee shop -- day look out through the glass , we see a man who look like he would be a arnold bickman get out of he camper and limp towards the restaurant like a man who need a new hip . he 's hank 's age , but look ten year older . unlike hank , Arnold be no longer " fight trim . " hank wave he over from he booth . they shake hand heartily . arnold bickman my god. hank deerfield . hank what the hell you do at home ? arnold bickman you just catch we . we be take off in the camper to visit the grandkid . hank I call you at the base -- ( continued ) 22 . continued : arnold bickman the base ? Christ , hank , I retire fourteen year ago . hank you do not . arnold bickman almost fifteen . how the hell be you ? hank Fine . you want coffee or a piece of pie ? arnold bickman no , I can not . helen 's wait in the camper . hank ( look ) that she ? she look as old as you do . Arnold have to laugh . arnold bickman you be still the meanest man I ever meet . so , what do you do , break a axle and call I for a tow ? hank no , I be hope you be still at cid ; I want a friendly face . arnold bickman neither of you boy in trouble , I hope . hank no . arnold bickman what be the oldest boy 's name , Darren ? hank David . arnold bickman that 's right , join the 82nd airborne , do not he ? ( continued ) continued : 23 . hank yeah . arnold bickman tough son of bitch . how 's he like it ? hank he die . on maneuver at Fort bragg . helicopter crash . ten year ago . arnold bickman I be very sorry to hear that , hank . very sorry . the young one ? hank Mike . he 's regular Army , like he dad . he 's in Iraq , do real well . ( beat ) I be just do a favor for a neighbor ; she boy get in a little trouble . anybody we know still there ? arnold bickman no . all go . how many time do I call you and say we should get together ? helen honk the horn . Arnold look . hank she keep you on a schedule . arnold bickman the kid be expect we . they slide out of the booth . int . coffee shop - at front door they step up to the door , through which we see Arnold 's rv . arnold bickman you sure there 's nothing I can do ? hank it be just good to see you old sad bone . arnold bickman I be gonna call you when we get back . ( continued ) 24 . continued : hank that would be great . ( look at helen ) you wife , just how old be she ? Arnold laugh and walk off . hank wave . ext . bar -- night hank come out of a bar , look around . int . hank's motel room -- night hank sit silhouett by the motel sign outside he window as he download a video file send to he by Gabriel , aka " phoneguy@earthlink . Net . " angle on screen Mike play to the camera , ready to toss a football toa young , rag iraqi kid in a Baghdad street . mike ( into camera ) historic moment , first time this kid have ever catch a real american football . here we go . he hand the camera phone to gordon bonner . Mike throw the ball . the street kid catch it and he and he buddy run away . mike ( cont 'd ) no , you run this way ! this way ! ( realize ) hey , that 's my ball you little fucker ! we can hear gordon bonner laugh . Mike grab for the phone . mike ( cont 'd ) ( piss but laugh ) gimme that back . and the screen freeze , end of clip . hank laugh . ext . town of bradford police station -- morning hank enter . int . town of bradford police station -- moment later hank return a form to jodie , the civilian worker wear a headset behind the desk . she give it a quick glance . ( continued ) continued : 25 . jodie hold please . ( to hank ) you son be in the Army . hank yes , mar 'am . jodie ( hand it back ) then you need to see the military Police . hank they be pretty busy with the war and everything , so I be try to check thing out myself . jodie all you can do be file a miss person 's report -- hank Fine . jodie -- in which case you will need to see the military Police . hank how about you let I talk to someone who do more than answer phone ? int . police station - corridor & detective squad -- day hank wait as detective come and go . he rise and step into the office , where he eye det . emily sander listen impatiently to a young white woman we will call angie . angie I do not think you understand . he love that dog . sander I be sure he do , mar 'am . but the dog bit he . angie a dog bite you , what do you do ? sander I really do not know . ( continued ) 26 . continued : hank try to get a male detective 's attention ; get the brush -off . he and another detective ( hodge and wayne ) be have too much fun watch Angie deal with she doggie crime . angie you tie it up , you give it away , you might even shoot it , but you sure as hell do not pick it up by the throat , wrestle it into the bathroom and drow it in the tub ! you do not think there 's something seriously wrong with that ?! sander perhaps he think it be more humane . angie more humane ?! it 's a doberman ! and he 's drown it right in front of we son , and it 's bite he , and I be scream for he to stop . do all this sound humane to you ?! hank try another pass detective , same result . sander do you husband threaten you or you child with violence ? angie he would never hurt we , he just need help . sander then you should ask the VA about counseling . angie you do not think I have be there ? he will not go , and he 's go to hurt himself , I know it ! sander I would like to do something -- angie really ? Cause I would say you do not give a crap . ( continued ) 27 . continued : sander ( now piss and nasty ) in fact I do , but crime against dog be particularly hard to prosecute . now I have someone wait . angie fuck you , lady . and she storm out . hank take that as he cue to approach and hand detective Sanders the miss person 's form . hank that kind of morning , huh ? sander ( glance at form ) you have to take this to the military Police . hank yeah , but I be try to keep my son out of more trouble . listen , I know you be busy , but all I need you to do be make a call to he bank , see if he 's withdraw any fund or use he credit card in the last week . sander retired cop or just watch a lot of tv ? hank military Police , retire . sander then you know that the Army have jurisdiction over its personnel . I be sorry , I hope you find you son . hank listen , I do not know what you think you job be . if it be anything like mine , it be to roll up the drunk , twiddle my thumb and not ask too many question . but my son just spend eighteen month bring democracy to a shithole and serve he country . he deserve better than this . he drop the form and walk out . 28 . ext . hank's motel room -- night look in through the window we see hank on the phone . his computer screen show a on-line banking form . joan ( 0.s. ) I find he old checkbook . hank be there anything write on it ? I need a password . ext . deerfield home - mike' bedroom -- night through the bedroom window we see Joan at Mike 's desk with he checkbook , cradling the phone . joan there 's nothing on it . hank be you sure ? hank hear the sound of email arrive . he minimize the bank webpage to reveal he email account and a email from phoneguy . he download the attachment . joan which do you think it be , hank : I be blind or I just do not feel like tell you ? silence . hank would apologize if he could . Joan know he well enough to understand that , and not require it . joan ( cont 'd ) I be worried , hank . I be really worried . hank he 's a good boy . he will have a reason . close on the computer screen the image quality be terrible , chunks of video be miss , sometimes half the screen be just garbage . but nonetheless , we see what Mike see as he High back humvee patrol the street of Baghdad in convoy . flash - out the driver 's side window , no more friendly face . people toss jeer , other scurry out of the way . now on screen : the convoy ahead . Spot sheep herde on the side of the road ahead . ( continued ) 29 . continued : mike ( 0.s. ) bonner , look , there 's you family . bonner present he middle finger to the camera . joan .. hank ? hank pause the video . hank I will find he . I will talk to you tomorrow . and he hang up and hit play . bonner stop screwing around . bonner slap the camera out of Mike 's hand . it tumble to the floor and we see Mike askew . mike you coulda break it ! bonner stuff it up you ass . mike gimme back my goddamn - - bonner ( see something ) Son of a bitch . Mike 's head snap to the windshield : mike fuck ! bonner do not stop ! do not fuck stop ! mike what do I do ?! bonner speed up ! Mike stomp on the accelerator and a second later we hear a small thud as something hit the grill and then roll under the vehicle 's undercarriage . they drive on in silence . bonner 's hand reach down and turn off the camera phone . ( continued ) 30 . continued : the screen go black . the silence be puncture by the sound of a sharp inhale as ... int . hank's motel room -- night hank wake , startle . he must have fall asleep , but he can not recall . he check he watch : 7 pm . he sit up . int . police station - corridor & squad room -- night Sanders return from a interview . several detective hustle past she , include Hodge and Wayne . she call after they . sander what 's go on ? detective hodge do not you worry . if it 's a animal - related crime we will call you in . she enter the detective squad room . it 's empty , just a ringing phone . she walk to she desk as detective nugent come out of the men' room , zipping he fly and pull on he coat . sander what 's up ? detective nugent they find body part out on Mesa luna Road . ( off she sick feel ) do not think the part be actually on the road . sander that 's comforting , nugent . int . imperial motel reception -- night hank enter . the motel clerk be watch tv ; war coverage . hank do you have a iron ? motel clerk people keep steal they . World 's go crazy . hank you have a good hardcover book ? 31 . ext . mesa luna road -- night Police vehicle sit on the shoulder , light flash . flashlight sweep the acre of tumbleweed and scrub brush as a couple of dozen man search for evidence . Sanders step up to a small clear , the remain of a fire . evidence flag mark spot where bone remain . Sanders kneel to inspect a char bone ; note where it be shattered . behind she , Wayne address a uniform cop . detective wayne I need more evidence marker . cop you get all that we have . sander straighten out some coat hanger and buy Dixie cup to stick on the end of they . ( hand cop a bill ) and get a receipt . detective wayne ( trudging off ) coyotes have a field day with this one ; bone be scattered half a mile . Sanders nod and move off . approach headlight get she attention -- a military Police vehicle pull up and park . two officer step out and survey the scene . int . hank's motel room -- night hank wash he cotton shirt in the sink . ext . mesa luna road - field -- night Sanders notice something hide in the brush . motion for a CSI tech to hand she a coat hanger and a Dixie Cup . plant it next to : close on a severe wrist and hand blacken , the finger and much of the flesh burn away . too . angle on sander sander Sean ? the photographer join she . 32 . int . hank's motel room hank stretch the wet shirt flat over the bureau . ext . mesa luna road - field -- night glancing back to the road , Sanders see she immediate senior , Lt. burke , stand with chief of police simon buchwald , who lean on he car . he do not look happy to be here . a unmark cid sedan drift to a stop and two plain clothes Army investigator step out . by he bear , lt . kirklander be clearly the one in charge . they join the uniform mps already on scene , who be stand with detective Hodge . Sanders have see this before and know what be happen . Lt. kirklander hand a hundred foot tape measure to the mps . sander head toward the police chief and she lieutenant . chief buchwald ( to Sanders ) anyone else from the office come ? I could swear we have a couple of secretary who have not show up yet . detective Hodge grin as he return from he tete - a- tete with the mps . in the background the two mps stretch the measure tape from the center of the road into the field . lt . burke tell I good news , Hodge . detective hodge look as if the victim be kill by that fire site , then he body be chop up and burn . animal scattered the part . chief buchwald and you be smile like a idiot because ? detective hodge the base buy this field from the city two month ago . City property only extend fifty foot from the center line of the road . do not think it 's we body , Chief . ( continued ) 33 . continued : they look to the field , where one of the mps be drive a surveyor 's stake into the ground at the fifty foot mark . the burn site be well past that mark . chief buchwald hallelujah , let 's go home . the Chief get in he car and drive off . Lt. burke call in the troops as more military Police vehicle arrive . lt . burke wrap it up , fella , the boy with the shiny button be come in ! Sanders notice Lt. kirklander playfully flip burke the finger . burke smile as he walk off -- it 's obvious this two be buddy . burke pass Sanders and kirklander notice she watch . she turn away , kirklander go to work . int . hank's motel room -- night hank pick up the hardcover book and run the sharp edge along the wet shirt to press out the wrinkle . ext . mesa luna road -- night Sanders watch the police move out and the military take over . she get in she car and drive off . int . hank's motel room -- night hank hang the shirt up on the shower rod and turn off the light . int . hank's motel room -- early morning hank swing he leg over the edge of the bed . it 's still dark . the clock glow 6:17 am . he look at it oddly , check he watch to make sure it 's right . int . hank's motel room - bathroom -- early morning hank lather with soap and shave . see that he 's nick himself . hate that . he stick a dab of paper on the cut . int . hank's motel room -- early morning the sheer glow with the early light as hank make he bed . ext . imperial motel -- early morning the sheer be open now as hank step out and into the path of the matronly asian housekeeper with she cart . ( continued ) 34 . continued : she look into hank 's room , then turn and repeatedly bow she thanks to he . int . coffee shop -- morning hank eat he usual breakfast , watch the war news on CNN , as he add item to the list on he neatly write pad . he notice blood smear on he hand and white cuff and realize he neck be bleed again . ext . imperial motel -- morning hank return to the motel . as he get to he door , he hear a car door close , see a army officer in full dress uniform approach . call he captain osher . captain osher Mr. deerfield ? Jim osher , can I have a word ? hank come in , I will just be a minute . hank step into ... int . hank's motel room - bathroom -- continuous he grab a wad of toilet paper and hold it to the cut , put pressure on it for a moment . he try to focus on that small task and block out the man in the other room . int . hank's motel room -- continuous hank open the bathroom door and stop , as he see : Captain osher stand at attention , hold a salute . hank awkwardly return it . captain osher Sir , I regret to inform you a body be find last night . upon investigation we believe it to be the remain of you son , specialist Michael deerfield . the officer drop he salute . hank right . they will need I to identify he . captain osher . no , sir . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 . continued : captain osher ( cont 'd ) they have determine identity in other way . I believe partial fingerprint . hank what do you mean , partial ? what happen to he ? captain osher I be not at liberty to say , sir , but someone from -- hank I want to see he body . now . int . police station -- day det . Sanders sit restlessly at she desk , unable to keep she mind on the work before she . she stand and step away . int . ft. rudd - hospital - army m.e.' office -- day hank round the corridor with Lt. kirklander , who try one last time . lt . kirklander sgt. deerfield , this be not necessary and it 's not the way you want to remember you son . hank maybe not , but it 's the way he leave this earth , so I do not see as I have a choice . kirklander see hank will not be dissuade . a Army medical examiner in a lab coat approach . kirklander nod to he . int . police station -- day Sanders hover in the doorway of a small cubicle , where the police photographer 's printer spit out the evening 's crime scene photo . Sanders be draw into the cubicle , mesmerize by the gruesome color picture . we intercut Sanders watch this image come out of the printer with the follow scene : int . ft. rudd - hospital - army m.e.' lab -- day hank and kirklander stand on one side of a large stainless steel table , the Army Medical examiner on the other . between they lie the char remain . kirklander watch hank under : ( continued ) 36 . continued : medical examiner work backwards : the carbon pattern show that the body be dismember before it be burnt . it appear a knife or similar tool be use ; but the blade be dull , many of the joint be shattered rather than severe . the burn pattern tell we the dismember part be stack and douse with a accelerant in a attempt to incinerate the body ; ridiculous because you need a oven to approach a effective temperature . which mean most of the tissue would have be leave intact , so the damage be largely a result of scavenger stripping the bone . ( we see the tooth mark ) Cause of death be go to take more time to determine , but there 's evidence of multiple stab wound . hank how many ? medical examiner I be sorry ? hank how many wound ? medical examiner with most of the flesh miss we can only count the blow that make impact with a bone . hank how many of that be there ? only now do the medical examiner begin to understand the obvious , that he 's tell all this to the corpse 's father . he check he pad , look up . medical examiner ... forty-two . hank ( beat ) one knife or several ? medical examiner .. one. 37 . int . police station -- day the police photographer return to he cubicle , not particularly surprised to see Sanders stand there . sander you gonna turn this over to the Army ? police photographer try to . Said they take they own photo . they do not say it ina nice way . he drop they into a file and put they in a drawer . int . ft. rudd - hospital - corridor near m.e.' -- day kirklander and hank round the corner from the m.e. 's office . lt . kirklander if it 's all right , I would like to give you a call tomorrow , before you go home , I have a few question that -- hank ask they now . lt . kirklander ... I can check with record and answer some of this thing -- I take it you son do not own a green car ? hank Mike do not own a car . lt . kirklander a motorist report see a green sedan park on the shoulder near the field Saturday night . one theory be that this be a car-jack or robbery go wrong . there 's be a real uptick in gang activity lately . hank I would like to see where he die . lt . kirklander I be sorry , it 's still a active crime scene . I will let you know as soon as you can . ( continued ) continued : 38 . hank okay . ( silence ) what else you want to ask ? lt . kirklander a lot of the death we have see like this have be drug related . hank ( walk off ) be you ask if Mike be a drug dealer or just a addict ? lt . kirklander I do not want to be ask anything . hank you know the Army do regular drug test . lt . kirklander not while they're in Iraq . ( produce a small hash pipe in a plastic bag ) we find this under you son 's mattress . it will not go on my report , but why I ask ... last month we arrest three soldier try to smuggle heroin in from Kuwait . they would arrange to sell it to a local mexican gang . I understand Mike speak some Spanish . hank you think my son could have be a drug mule because he speak Spanish ? lt . kirklander no , because somebody cut off he hand and he head . hank turn and walk off . kirklander watch , size he up . int . police station -- evening Sanders pull on she jacket and head out . turn into the hall , she spot hank on the long wooden bench . sander I be so sorry about you son . ( continued ) 39 . continued : hank show I . sander ... I be sorry ? hank I need to see where he die . sander it 's not we case , the murder occur on military property . hank but you know where it be . sander there be nothing to see . hank then there should not be a problem with I see it . Sanders see how hard hank be try to hide he pain . ext . mesa luna road - killing field -- night Sanders lean against she blue Ford Taurus in the sickly yellow wash of the streetlight , she car park the wrong way on the gravel shoulder , high beam fail to illuminate much of the field where hank stand . finally : hank you people sure as hell know how to trample a crime scene , I will give you that . hank squat where the body be burn and pivot , shine he flashlight at the tumbleweed and scrub brush . hank ( cont 'd ) suppose you figure it be a good idea to have everyone you ever meet park on this shoulder . ( beat ) if you crime scene boy have know where to dig , they would have find trace of blood in the gravel here . it 's where he be kill . sander so , you do not see blood , but you know it 's there . ( continued ) 40 . continued : hank yes , miss . just like I see how he body be drag from here to there . sander that 's remarkable . that ground be rock hard , but you see drag mark . hank you go to all the trouble of burn a body , you do not think you would try and cover you path ? hank hand she the flashlight and walk off across the road toward the parking lot and the gun store on the far side . hank ( cont 'd ) go to use the restroom . curious now , Sanders take she flashlight and step into the field . hank strut across the road . without look back : hank ( cont 'd ) you might find it easier to drive around the field . you could not do more damage . she throw a look , then shine she flashlight on the ground , finally spot a break base of a tumbleweed -- lift it and place it aside . she take another step toward the fire site and find another break weed and put it aside . ext . D & G gun - parking lot -- continuous hank cross the parking lot and open the front door . ext . mesa luna road - field -- night Sanders lift a last tumbleweed out of the way and stop at the fire site . she turn and see the clear , trample path of where the body be drag . int . D & G gun -- night hank wait . jo anne step up to the counter . she 's dress like she 's look for a man to take she away from here . hank hi . I suppose the mps have be in ask you question about what happen over in that field . ( continued ) 41 . continued : jo anne yes , they have . terrible thing . hank I be check it out for the family . you mind if I ask you if you see anything go on over there ? her jealous husband , randy , approach to check out hank . jo anne wished we have , we would have like to help . we do not even know what it be when we smell it , do we , honey ? hank do not show that he heart just stop beat . hank ... how 's that ? jo anne that Sunday morning , when we drive into the parking lot . we just think somebody would be barbecue . randy ( agree ) smell like burn meat . hank thanks . mind if I use you restroom ? jo anne through that door . show he , honey . int . D & G gun - men' room -- night hank squat on the floor beside the toilet and let the horror of he son 's body be burn overwhelm he . ext . mesa luna road -- night returning to the shoulder , Sanders turn and spot a dog in the field , chew on something . her stomach tell she what that something be . she curse silently as she throw a look across the road ; see hank come from the parking lot . Sanders pick up a hand full of pebble and toss they toward the dog , who balk but quickly return . she throw a look in hank 's direction , gauge that he have not notice and toss another handful in the dog 's direction . it barely even look up this time . hank arrive and step to the Taurus . ( continued ) 42 . continued : hank you can tell you mp friend they should be look for a blue car , not a green one . sander why 's that ? hank because a blue car under a yellow light look green , do not it ? hank get in and Sanders look at she car -- which look green in this light . almost angry at herself for not see the obvious , she open she door and get in . she do a u-turn and drive off . hank watch the dog in the field . ext . imperial motel -- night Sanders drop he off . hank thanks . sander it be the least I could do . hank I would say that 's accurate . and he walk away , leave she wonder why she even try to be nice . ext . sander home -- night a modest bungalow on the outskirt of town . Sanders enter as she sitter , lee anne , leave . sander thanks , Lee Anne . int . deerfield home - kitchen -- night have just be tell the news , Joan open she mouth to cry out ... but no sound escape . her knee will not hold she weight , so she slide down the wall to land gracelessly on the floor . int . hank's motel room -- night hank sit on the bed , he back to we , the phone to he ear , catch in the glow of the pass headlight . ( continued ) 43 . continued : joan ( 0.s. ) why ? who would do this ? he be just a boy . and he be almost home . hank I be go to find out . int . deerfield home - hallway -- night Joan on the hall phone by the stair . joan I will get a plane ticket . hank no . joan what do you mean " no " ? hank I will bring he home soon as I can . joan I need to see he , hank . I need to be with Michael . hank he be go , Joan . joan I need to be with my boy , hank . hank there be nothing leave . joan what the hell do that mean ? hank Joan , for once in you life can you just take my word for something ? joan -- for once ? for once ?! I seem to remember I be the one say " no " and you say " it will be good for he character ! " who win that argument , hank ?! hank Mike be the one want to join , I sure as hell do not encourage it ! ( continued ) 44 . continued : joan like he could ever have feel like a man if he have not go . both my boy , hank . you could have leave I one . and with that she finally weep , the sound so pierce and full of pain that it go right through hank . hank Joan ?... Joan , please . ( finally ) Joan , I can not listen to you cry . joan then do not . she hang up and sit there , alone on the floor . int . sander home - david be room -- night Sanders lie in bed hold she sleep son , david . look at she boy , she can not help but imagine what hank must feel . int . hank's motel room -- night hank sit on he bed , read the motel 's Bible , hope to find comfort . his head turn as he hear the SOUND of a email arrive . int . sander home - david be room -- night Sanders tiptoe out and ease the door close . david ( 0.s. ) door . she ease it back open and look in , he eye be still close . she move off . int . hank's motel room -- night the distort video image appear on the screen . a aerial attack -- night Mike 's buddy huddle beside a building , light play on they face . penning better hang up , saddaam could be call . " Mike , Mike , I give up . " ( continued ) 45 . continued : Mike pan to show the explosion that light up the night Sky . on patrol - in the town -- night the squad move through a alley , check doorway . Mike and a buddy enter a house . Inside , body lie incinerate where they fall . mike ( 0.s. ) -- really weird , dad . they clothing be melt into they , as if heat from the body do the damage . Mike zoom in on a hand with a book , flip through the page , not even singe . Mike frame the dead man 's blacken face . he look young . Mike press a brightly color skateboard sticker onto the man 's forehead . no explanation . the screen freeze on that image . int . police station - detective bureau -- afternoon a uniform cop guide a young handcuff redneck punk name millard , 18 , into the chair beside Sanders ' desk . Sanders sit in she chair read a report . she glance up from it , eye the punk , then throw a look to the coffee area , where Lieutenant burke stand with detective Hodge and Wayne ; all three pretend not to laugh or look in she direction . Sanders finish read the report , stand ... sander stay there . ( march over to burke ) Excuse I , Lieutenant , but I be wonder how I come to be assign this case . lt . burke ... which case ? Hodge and Wayne choke back they laughter . sander ( be : report ) Jacob Ronald millard , slaughterhouse employee , arrest for torture chicken . millard ( call across the room ) it 's no big deal , everybody do it ! ( continued ) continued : 46 . sander everybody do not poke out they eye , asshole ! millard sure they do . sander shut up . millard my boss just do not want I humping he daughter ! sander ( to millard ) now we be shocked beyond word . lt . burke you see the way you can draw information out of people ? people just like you , Emily . that 's how you get promote from traffic to the detective squad , be I right ? sander ... I be sorry ?? lt . burke oh , do not be . if Wayne and Hodge could have fuck they way into the squad , they would have , too . detective hodge Wayne would have . one of we need to know what they be do . sander ah. see , that 's what concern I . have fuck my way into this job , I may not be qualified to piece together this complex of a crime . I mean , take the murder site ; I would have never come to the conclusion that that soldier have be kill on Army property . I would have be fool by the sign of struggle on the shoulder of the road . and that trail of break brush lead from there to where he be burn would have make I think he be kill in we jurisdiction and move because ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : sander ( cont 'd ) the killer do not think it smart to chop he up right under a bright streetlight . I would have totally misread the crime scene . silence . nugent , sit nearby , appreciate the moment . int . police station - police chief' office -- afternoon Sanders stand in front of Chief 's desk . chief buchwald no , it 's good work . we need another homicide . I mean , we solve three out of the last ten , another unsolve murder will really cement my stand with the Mayor . you get some problem with you fellow detective ? feel the need to show they up , that it ? sander no , sir . chief buchwald so , it 's the military Police . you think they be a bunch of boob and be gonna bungle the investigation . sander no , sir . but let 's not pretend we do not know the Army 's real motive for want this case . chief buchwald when do you discover you have this psychic power , detective ? sander so , you do not believe the Army 's primary concern will be how this incident reflect on the Army ? chief buchwald and you see this as a career move , be that it ? sander I do not have a career , sir , I have a job , I take care of my son and I do what I be tell . but this boy die in a ditch beside one of we street . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 48 . sander ( cont 'd ) someone burn he like a cord of wood , leave the animal to chew on he remain . with respect , if that be you son just back from Iraq , I think you would not be quite as happy about chuck the case off onto someone else so you would look better come election time . chief buchwald that be with respect ? sander that be my intent , sir . chief buchwald Fine . I will think about it and let you know . sander Sir , every moment we lose in this investigation be -- chief buchwald do not you just say you would do whatever you be tell ? sander I sometimes exaggerate for effect . chief buchwald ... how 's David ? sander I be sorry ? chief buchwald you son . sander he 's do fine , thank you for ask . chief buchwald that deadbeat ex of yours ever show up for any of he game ? sander luckily David be pretty pathetic at every sport he attempt , so he want as few people witness it as possible . ( continued ) 49 . continued : chief buchwald that 's a shame . sander it 's not like he 's the boy 's father . that moment hang there a beat longer than it should . sander ( cont 'd ) and the way I see it , it 's the oddball and misfit who go on to do interesting thing with they life . how many former high school quarterback do we roll into the drunk tank every Saturday night ? a little misery in school be a good thing . chief buchwald I be first string quarterback at my high school . sander I seem to recall you show I photograph of such , sir . chief buchwald ... you be gonna keep after I about this deerfield boy , be not you ? sander I think you know what the right thing to do be , sir . chief buchwald ... Jesus H. christ. ( pick up phone ) Hilary , get I Captain fenderman at the base . he toss Sanders a wither look . she try not to smile . int . hank's motel room -- day there 's a knock on the door . hank open it to reveal gordon bonner , Mike 's squad mate . he seem nervous and overly polite . bonner Mr. deerfield ? hank '' hi. ( continued ) 50 . continued : bonner I overhear you ask if you could have Mike 's Bible . I think it might bring you some comfort . he hand the Bible to hank , turn to step away . hank anybody know you take this ? bonner no , sir . I ask at the visitor center where you be stay and they tell I . hank ( beat ) can I buy you a coffee ? bonner I really should get back . hank how about a drink ? bonner consider , soften . ext . liquor store -- day hank return to the pickup with a brown paper bag . he sit and pull out the fifth of whisky and two Dixie cup , pour . bonner to Mike . hank clink and drink . hank I need to ask you something . I would like the truth . be Mike do drug ? bonner Doc ? I guess . hank Christ . bonner no more than other guy . he be not like a heavy doper . hank nod , he do not like it but he can understand it . ( continued ) continued : 51 . hank you ever see he hang out with anyone off the base , maybe mexican ? bonner no , sir . hank ( beat ) how you adjust ? bonner be back ? it have not be that long . hank you call you parent ? bonner my mom . my dad and I be not close . ( beat ) do you two talk much ? hank sure. ( beat ) we could have talk more . ( beat ) do he ever say anything to you I should know ? bonner no , sir . I mean , you see a lot of stuff over there ; you do not want to talk about it , even with you buddy . hank ( know this be true ) yeah . but he do okay , Mike ? bonner he be a first class soldier . you know Mike , love the Army ; he could not wait to get over there , save the good guy and hurt the bad guy . ( hank smile ) they should not send heroes to place like Iraq . everything there be fuck - up . ( beat ) before I go , I would never say this ; but ask I now ? ( more ) ( continued ) 52 . continued : bonner ( cont 'd ) they should just nuke it and watch it all turn back to dust . int . imperial motel -- day through the window we see hank get out of he pickup and head for he door . the camera circle until it find the phone , its message light blink . hank 's hand pick it up and punch the '' and wait . ext . bradford airport - white zone -- day as hank approach he can see there be only one person wait on the sidewalk : Joan , sit on she suitcase . she stand as the truck slow . she open the door and get in . hank drive off without say a word . int . ft. rudd - hospital - corridor by m.e.' -- day Joan and hank stand with kirklander in the corridor outside the I 's lab , by a view window . she nod to kirklander . he rap on the window , the curtain open . we do not see what they see , but we see Joan 's face . she could never have prepare herself for this . lt . kirklander would you like to sit down , mar 'am ? joan no , no , it 's okay . ( beat ) be that everything ? be that all of he ? lt . kirklander yes , mar 'am . joan thank you . they must have to keep that room cold . kirklander know better than to question the non sequitur . he rap on the window for they to close the curtain . lt . kirklander yes , mar 'am . joan it look cold . hank nod he thanks to kirklander . ( continued ) 53 . continued : lt . kirklander my deep sympathy , mar 'am . hank walk she away down the long corridor . ext . bradford airport - white zone -- night the pickup pull to the curb . other car drop off passenger . hank look to she , unsure of what to say . there be not anything . Joan lean over , give he a cursory kiss , open the door and walk away . int . hank's motel room -- night silhouett against the window , hank watch the fragment image of war -- search they frame for meaning , find none . ext . coffee shop -- night hank walk from the motel to the coffee shop next door , as he have do every day since he 's be here . this time he 's surprised to find the door lock . the janitor inside speak through the glass . janitor close . it 's Sunday . hank ... it be ? ( beat ) be there someplace close to get something simple ? the janitor nod toward the dive across the street . the checker box . janitor checker box . int . the checker BOX -- night the bar be almost empty , it 's way too early for crowd . hank enter , walk to the bar , get the male bartender 's attention . he look like a former military type . bartender what can I do you for ? hank can I get a hamburger ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : bartender just cold sandwich . Chicken or chicken . hank then chicken . bartender ( call into back ) evie , chicken sandwich . ( to hank ) anything else ? hank slip a photo of Mike out of he jacket . hank you happen to see this soldier in here last weekend ? bartender sorry . something to drink ? hank beer , I guess . whatever you be push . the bartender pull a glass of beer , give it to hank and move off . hank drink like a man who have not allow himself many pleasure . before he expect it , evie , the waitress , show up behind the bar with he sandwich on a plate . it 's pre-make , still in its plastic wrapper . evie be mid-forty , maybe fifty , and topless . hank freeze . evie you want mustard or ketchup ? hank no , thanks , mar 'am . evie woman stand topless in front of you , " mar 'am " could be take as a insult . ( see photo ) this you son ? hank yes , mar 'am . evie ( smile at he discomfort ) handsome boy . ( continued ) 55 . continued : hank I be ask if anyone see he ; it would have be last Saturday . evie sorry . all I recognize be the uniform . hank thanks . evie put the bill down and move off . hank pay , take the sandwich packet and leave . int . hank's motel room -- night hank pick up he son 's Bible and flip through it , stop at a underline passage . he read . flip to another page , find more underline passage . int . sander home - david be room -- night Sanders tuck she son into bed . angle from hall she step out , leave David 's door open and the hall light on . int . sander home - dine room -- night Sanders slip the gruesome photo of Mike 's dismember body part from the file and study they with a magnify glass , the brightly color kind that kid use to inspect insect . ext . imperial motel -- morning Sanders knock on hank 's door ; no response . she step back , look at he truck and wonder where he 's go . she step out into the parking lot , look across the street . int . coin op laundromat -- morning through the plate glass window we see Sanders step up . hank sit at the back in he white T-shirt , wait for he clothes to dry . he see she approach and open the still - spin dryer , pull out a cotton shirt and put it on . sander Morning . I be wonder if I could ask you a few question about you son . ( continued ) continued : 56 . hank I think it be not you case . sander well , it sort of fall back to I . hank be not that we good fortune . sander I be wonder if you know if you son have any enemy . hank you mean other than the thousand of iraqi and foreign fighter who be try to kill he up until a couple week ago ? sander yeah . ( beat ) that shirt look like it 's still wet . hank it 's dry enough . it obviously be not , but hank keep buttone and tucking . sander anything bother he , that you know about ? hank no . you follow up the gang connection ? sander do you have a reason to think you son be involved in drug or gang ? hank no . sander when do you last speak to you son ? hank why ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : sander ( show he ) Capital one fax I a summary of he recent credit card charge . the day after he return he buy some tube sock -- hank I tell he a dozen time that be the worst sock you can buy . no heel , they wear right through . sander ... and then that Saturday he buy some chicken . hank do it say what time ? sander no . no more charge . we be assume he be kill sometime Saturday night or Sunday morning . we still have not find he wallet , but if it be steal we would see a lot more charge on it . stereos , computer , what have you . hank you be to the chicken place yet ? Sanders look at he , know what he be ask , know she should not do this . int . chicken shack -- day a local chain , full of enlist man . Sanders wait at the counter for chuck the manager , who approach through the open kitchen . hank wait behind she , uncomfortable in he damp shirt . chuck how can I help you ? sander ( show she badge ) we be make inquiry about a soldier who be in here a week ago . Sanders show he a photograph of Mike ( not hank 's ) . chuck you be kid I , right ? ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : chuck ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the soldier ) we be a block from the base . hank can you tell from a statement what time he be here ? chuck it 's the last four digit ... ( she hand he receipt ) 1:03 am Sunday morning . we bill that as Saturday . anything else ? sander can you tell we what he buy ? chuck not without the actual receipt . sander okay . thanks . Sanders take the receipt and turn to leave . hank stay there , stare at the menu display . hank you four piece dinner be $ 6.79 . that what most people order ? chuck that or the three piece . hank ( be : credit card printout ) so , with tax , $ 21.77 would be around three dinner . Three people . chuck four if it 's the three piece . or one really hungry soldier . hank nod and exit . Sanders follow , secretly kick herself for not ask such a obvious question . ext . chicken shack -- day on leave , hank spy two mexican gangbanger hang out at the adjacent liquor store , drink beer with a couple of young , white tough . hank watch they as he stride toward Sanders ' vehicle , draw they look . Sanders catch up to he at the car , have notice . ( continued ) 59 . continued : sander you know that guy ? hank no . they climb into the car . hank ( cont 'd ) so , where do he go from here ? sander maybe he meet someone . hank yeah , maybe . as Sanders back out , hank throw another look to the Hispanic man in the shadow of the building . ext . central ave - intersection -- day Sanders ' vehicle approach a intersection and suddenly brake hard as a convertible run the oppose red light and swerve onto the avenue , five man with buzze hair and bottle of beer whooping as they go . hank wait for she to react as they light turn red . hank you have not get a flash red light ? sander get a nice one in the glove compartment . hank you be not go to do anything about that ? sander and you be go to tell I you never work a military town . hank shake he head and look out the window . they light turn green and she drive on . ext . imperial motel -- afternoon Sanders ' Ford pull up , hank step out without say a word . 60 . int . hank's motel room -- afternoon hank sit at he computer , google " mexican " and " drug . " he click on various article with headline about extremely violent crime , a photo of a behead corpse , and another of four smile mexican gangster brandish machete . int . police station - corridor -- afternoon Sanders head back toward she office . slow as she see Lt. Bud kirklander step out of the detective bureau . lt . kirklander there you be . I just drop something off for you . sander you do . lt . kirklander we take statement from the man in Mike 's squad , think you would want they . sander ( throw but cover ) that 's great , thanks ; I be just about to call you to arrange interview . lt . kirklander save you the trouble . sander how so ? lt . kirklander the swear statement ? on you desk ? sander you do not think I would want to interview they myself ? lt . kirklander listen , I be just try to give you a leg up . sander thanks , but I sort of like to do my own detective work . so , this afternoon good for you ? lt . kirklander I be free for lunch . ( continued ) continued : 61 . sander I try not to eat with marry man who be obstruct a investigation . lt . kirklander ( laugh ) be that what I be do ? listen , read the statement ; if you still want to question they , I will be glad to take the request to my CO . sander perhaps you misunderstand I , smiley ; this be not a request . I want a list of the man in he unit -- lt . kirklander on you desk . sander -- and I want to interview they this afternoon . lt . kirklander you be gonna have to take that up with my co . sander my chief already speak with he -- lt . kirklander well , this one be a bit of a jurisdictional mess . sander there be no mess . the murder be commit in we jurisdiction . lt . kirklander that 's where it get murky . ( move off ) you read that , gimme a ring , glad to put in the request . int . police station - lo. burke's office -- afternoon lt . burke you do not have the swear statement , be that what you be say ? sander yes , I have the statement -- ( continued ) 62 . continued : lt . burke then they be cooperate , I do not see the problem . sander Lieutenant , I have a right to interview potential witness ! lt . burke have the Army say you can not ? sander they say they would consider my request . lt . burke and that be a full ten minute ago ? sander -- and I would like to talk to this man before they have be coach so -- lt . burke -- " coach " ?? sander -- " debrief " so often that any inconsistency in they storey will have long disappear . be a former military man , I be sure you have see that happen . perhaps when you serve with Lt. kirklander . lt . burke tell you what , skip upstairs and cry to you boyfriend , because I be just not in the mood to give a shit . burke dismiss she ; she exit past smirk Hodge and Wayne . ext . mesa luna road - crime scene -- late day Sanders stand at she car , stare at the field , crime scene tape flutter in the wind . she start to feel guilty for what she say to hank . ext . imperial motel -- late day Sanders pull into the motel parking lot , see hank 's pickup truck in its usual spot . she sit in she car , consider . int . coffee shop -- continuous Sanders approach hank 's table . he look up from the menu . ( continued ) continued : sander you order yet ? int . sander home -- evening Sanders cook , watch out she kitchen window . ext . field next door - sander be p.o.v. hank cast a long shadow as he walk David out into the big field that abut she yard . David be not happy . david I have see everything out here . hank so , you know everything about this field . david yes. hank you be out here at night ? david yes . hank when it 's pitch black ? david yes. hank so , if you be out here , in the pitch black , not a moon in the sky or a light in the house , you could find you way home . david ( point ) it 's right over there ! hank okay . hank pull a hanky out from he pocket , tie it around the boy 's eye . 64 . in her kitchen - sander can not take she eye off they . she turn off the pot that 's boil over . out in the field - hank turn David around , blindfolded . stop he . hank so , where be it now ? David point in the opposite direction . hank lift the blindfold , show he . David swing and point to the house as if he always know where it be . sander smile at she son 's stubbornness . back with hank and david hank Close you eye , feel the wind on you face . david there be no wind . hank you would be surprised . and you want to know a secret ? this time of night , when it 's calm like this , the wind be almost always move the same way . Close you eye . ( beat ) can you feel it ? David touch he cheek . hank ( cont 'd ) open you eye . look at you house . ( David turn to face it ) Close you eye again . which way be the wind come from now ? David touch the back of he neck . hank ( cont 'd ) there you go . ( continued ) 65 . continued : he pull the handkerchief down over the boy' eye , spin he around , forward and backwards , much more than the first time . hank ( cont 'd ) okay . find you way home . David slowly turn until he can feel the slight breeze on he neck , then start walk directly toward the house . hank stay squatted , watch . from her window Sanders watch , move . int . sander home - dine room -- night hank and David in they seat . Sanders put the food on the table and join they . sander okay , man , dig in . hank close he eye , clasp he hand and say grace silently . David watch he closely , close he eye and mimic he . Sanders watch . hank open he eye and reach for the platter to serve . hank May I ? sander please . int . sander home - kitchen -- night hank scrape he plate . David fill up the sink to wash the dish . Sanders step in . sander ( to David ) no. out . go get ready for bed . david I can do it . sander yeah , and you can also get you butt in bed . ( to hank ) you want to do I a big favor , read he some of he book ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : hank give she a look which say he would much rather do dish . int . david' bedroom -- night as view from the kitchen , through the open door . David be in bed , hank sit on the edge , silently read the chronicle david ... you be suppose to read it to I . hank I can not understand a word of it . david do you know any storey ? hank I be not much of a storyteller . david then read the book . hank consider , think of something . hank you know where you name come from ? david my mother . hank before that . you be name after King David . you mother never tell you that ? ( David shake he head ) yeah , that figure . sander listen from the kitchen react , but choose not to interrupt . in david' bedroom hank ( cont 'd ) there be two army assemble , the israelite and the philistine ; they be both on hill , with the Valley of elah between they . that 's a place in Palestine . you know where that be ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : David shake he head . hank ( cont 'd ) it do not matter . anyway , the philistine have a champion , a giant name goliath . david there 's a robot name goliath . hank this be not he . anyway , every day for 40 day , goliath strode out into the field and challenge somebody from the other side to fight he , and nobody would . the strongest and bravest warrior that the king have be all too scared . david why do not they just shoot he ? hank they do not have gun . ( beat ) they have arrow , but there be rule to combat . you do not shoot somebody who be challenging you to fight with a sword . so , this kid , not much older than you , he come deliver bread . and he say to the king , " I will fight goliath . " david no way . hank true story . so , the king dress David in he own armor , but it be much too big and heavy . so , David take it off . he look around and find five smooth stone , about yay big . he step into the field , with he slingshot in he hand . and goliath come run , yell , this horrible scream . and David let fly the stone . and hit he in the forehead . crack he skull . and goliath fall down , dead . david so , he shot he . ( continued ) 68 . continued : hank with a rock , that 's not the same thing . you know how he be able to beat he ? David shake he head , enthralled . hank ( cont 'd ) first thing David have to fight be he own fear . he beat that , he beat goliath . Cause when goliath charge , David just plant he foot , take aim , and wait . you know how much nerve that take ? a few more step and goliath would have crush he . and then he throw the rock . that 's how you fight monster . lure them close to you , look them in the eye and smack them down . david you fight a lot of monster ? hank sure . david .. you win ? hank if I do not , I would have be crush , right ? David see the logic . nod . hank ( cont 'd ) okay then . you go to sleep . he turn off the light and leave , close the door behind he , casting the room into darkness . in the kitchen and hall sander he like to sleep with that door open . hank he will be okay . hank continue on into the dining room . Sanders look at David 's bedroom door , expect she son to call for she to open it . ( continued ) 69 . continued : when he do not , she go back into the kitchen and pick up the coffee pot . as she 's pass through the hall again , she hear he small voice . david ( 0.s. ) door. she step to it , ease it open . david ( cont 'd ) not that much . sander okay . that 's something . she ease it almost close and head off to the dine room where she pour they both a cup , decide not to mention the bedroom door . sander ( cont 'd ) you know that story be not true . hank of course it 's true . it 's even in the Koran . she decide not to argue . hank ( cont 'd ) can I read the man 's statement ? sander no . and there 's nothing in they that will help . the last time any of the man see Mike be Saturday afternoon , before he leave base . hank take this in , look out the window , try to put this all together . after a moment : sander ( cont 'd ) you be a good father . you do not have to prove you love he , I be sure he know . int . hank's motel room -- night hank check he email - no message . he notice the corner of the bed be slightly untucked . ( continued ) continued : 70 . he strip the bed and start to remake it . his phone ring . he pick it up . joan hi . you okay ? hank yeah , just about to call you . int . deerfield home - kitchen -- night she look to the counter , where a parcel sit wrap in wrinkle brown paper . joan a package come from Mike . hank ( suddenly interested ) what kind of package ? joan I do not know , hank , a package . he address it to himself . I think I should open it . picture of cocaine run through he head . hank no . joan why not ? hank do it look like it 's be open by custom or the military ? joan how would I know ? no . why should not I open it ? hank just do not . wait. ( a excuse ) we will open it when I get home . ( beat ) please . put it someplace safe . joan okay , hank . good night . she hang up . 71 . int . hank's motel room -- night hank watch another video , image of Mike 's platoon on patrol as they come across a burnt bus , the inhabitant just cinder . mike ( v.o. ) dad ? you there dad ? ( beat ) something happen , dad . int . hank's motel room -- morning hank wake and bolt upright , panting , sweat . he check the clock : 8:06 , but the room be dark . angle on curtain he rip open the blackout curtain and be blind by light . int . coffee shop -- day hank ignore he food and sift through the photo he print at the copy place : proud warrior strike pose , squad mate goof around . Iraqis -- group of blurred civilian , shot from the move High back humvee ; detainee , line up face a wall , hog-ty on the ground , squatting with hand on head . always in group , the camera never singling out one person . that be , except for the photo of the body on the side of the road . hank stare at it , try to figure out why it bother he . evie ( 0.s. ) hi. hank look up to see evie , the topless waitress . he stare , obviously not recognize she dress like a regular person . evie ( cont 'd ) evie , from the bar . " ma 'am " ? hank oh , hello , sorry . he slip the photo of the body under the stack of other . a awkward moment . evie I see the picture of you son in the newspaper . when you come in , I think he be just miss . I be sorry . ( continued ) 72 . continued : hank thank you . she notice the top 8x10 photo , the pose warrior . evie that he ? hank yeah . evie May I ? she swivel the photo to look at it . evie ( cont 'd ) Nice eye . take after he father . she look at the next , and the next . hank become concerned that she will see the photo of the body . evie stop ona photo of Mike and Steve pen , arm around shoulder . evie ( cont 'd ) him , I remember . hank look . then to she . evie ( cont 'd ) I work at another club on weekend . he be there . would have be Saturday night . hank you remember who he be with ? evie you only remember the one that tip . hank what 's the name of the club ? int . pussy'' -- evening hank place a photo of Mike and pen atop something that read " pussy 's . " bouncer ( 0.s. ) they be here . widen to see the club , too early to be busy . the security monitor beside they flash from one view to another . ( continued ) 73 . continued : hank both of they ? Saturday night . bouncer they and they buddy . we have to throw they out . ( nod to photo ) that one be harass one of the dancer . Real asshole . hank ( point out pen ) this guy ? bouncer the other one . you get a lot of asshole in here but he be go for the prize , yell all kind of obscenity at the dancer . hank I think you have the wrong man . bouncer you want I to id a guy , and then you tell I I be wrong . you two related ? hank what time do they leave ? bouncer Christ if I remember , but they be not happy about it . two of they start go at each other in the parking lot . think I would have to break it up myself . hank turn for the door . close on the counter - a hour later Sanders slap six photo down on the counter beside the monitor . four of the photo we recognize . the bouncer jab the photo of pen , Long and bonner . angle on sander , the bouncer and nugent she scoops they up , put they in the paper bag that pass as she briefcase and slap a form and a pen onto the bar . ( continued ) 74 . continued : sander detective nugent will wait while you write out you statement . nugent think about grumble . Sanders call back as she storm out past hank , who wait by the door . sander ( cont 'd ) I want the pen back , nugent . ext . pussy'' -- night hank step out after she and she turn on he . sander this be not saigon , this be not 1967 , you do not question witness . hank I figure somebody should . sander it must be frustrating for you , be such a damn good investigator surround by incompetent fool . remind I , what be it you do back in munroe ? hank I haul gravel . sander now that 's a shame . think of how many crime would have be solve over the last 30 year if you would be on the job . ( point to front door ) when this go to trial , the defense be go to say you poison the well ! hank it 's not go to trial . sander -- what ? hank it be not they . sander I be sorry ?? ( continued ) 75 . continued : hank I do not know why they lie in they statement about not be with he , but they do not do it . sander they be fight in the parking lot --! hank -- that be blow off steam . you have not be to war , so you would not understand this . but you do not fight beside a man and then do something like that to he . sander that 's quite the world you live in . hank ( walk off ) ask they why they lie . there will be a reason . Sanders watch he get into he pickup , stunne by he arrogance . ext . ft. rudd military base - entrance -- night Sanders fume as she wait . traffic go in and out . the guard hand she back she id and wave she on . int . usacid office - interview room -- night Sanders and kirklander sit across from pen . sander so , you be there . penning yeah . sander so , why do you lie ? penning it 's complicated . sander why do not you just tell I what happen ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : penning it be no big deal . we would be drink , and Mike have be act really weird . get really angry . and he 's not say why . but he start insulting this stripper , I mean , it be dumb , he make some crack , she crack back and he start talk trash . so they toss we out . and we be get in the car and bonner be all piss and say Mike can walk . Mike grab he , they start go at each other . but it be just the kind of stuff they do all the time -- the whole macho warrior crap . nobody get hurt . we get in the car , drive around for a while , then go to the chicken shack , across from the base . Mike buy , for get we kick out . sander what time be that ? penning I do not know , around one . then we come back here . upon hearing this kirklander stand and leave the room . this do not go unnotice . sander all of you ? penning . no , just the three of we . sander why do you leave he there ? int . usacid office - interview room -- night specialist Long have replace pen . long why ? sander that be the question . kirklander enter with a thin manilla envelope , sit and put it on the table in front of he face down . Long eye he and consider before answer . ( continued ) continued : he stare 77 . long we be waste , we have enough , but Mike want to find some meth . sander he want to buy drug . long yeah . like he need to be more fuck up , pardon my language , mar 'am . sander and you think that 's what happen to he . he go look for drug and run into the wrong people ? long who know ? Mike always have " secret . " over there he be always sneaking off somewhere , by himself . he do not really get along well with people . sander so , you be throw out of the strip club at eleven , you show up at the chicken shack at one . what do you do for two hour ? long drive around . look for a party or woman , like they be go to hold up a sign . sander you stop anywhere ? long yes , mar 'am . sander ... now you want I to guess . long we find a hooker on 10 mile Road and she blow all four of we . sander do you remember she name ? at she , the question be ridiculous . long no , mar 'am . ( continued ) 78 . continued : sander so , why do not you say this when you be question ? int . usacid office - interview room -- night we realize she address that question to Gordon bonner . bonner because we do not think Mike would want he parent to know . sander ... you do not want he father to know he get a blow job ? bonner and be buy drug . I would not want somebody tell my parent . sander so , what be the fight about ? bonner Mike be in some dark mood , I do not know why . then he start say nasty thing to that stripper . sander like what ? bonner just stuff I be not go to repeat . the woman 's a stripper , not something on you shoe . sander out in the parking lot , pen say Mike come at you swinging . bonner might have , do not recall . we think find he some sort of sex would calm he down . but not Mike . sander you do not like he much , do you ? you get in a lot of fight . bonner there be people I like better . ( continued ) continued : 79 . sander so , what be different about that night ? be it just that you hada knife ? bonner I want to kill someone , I do not need a knife , mar 'am . sander so , you never kill anyone with a knife . bonner do not believe I say that . sander but I guess in Iraq thing be different . someone make you mad , you could deal with it . bonner you lose I . sander it 's a different world . you have power . bonner you have obviously never be in the Army . sander you have weapon , authority ; you put man face down in the dirt , step on they back , kick in they door . someone come run at you , you kill he . you have to , right ? guy could have a bomb or a gun , you kill he first . bonner you make the call . sander woman walk toward you scream , will not stop , do she have a bomb ? not a lot of time to think . you react or die . ever have to stab someone ? bonner if I do it would not be you business . ( continued ) 80 . continued : kirklander switch off the tape recorder . sander you be there one day , here the next ; somebody come charge at I , I would be reach for a weapon . lt . kirklander ( to Sanders ) do you notice the interview be over ? ( to bonner ) let 's go . Sanders continue as she walk they out into : the adjoining hall sander yeah , I be finish . I be just glad none of that stuff bother you . because , I tell you , I see my father come home with thing he do that he could not live with . it pretty much destroy he . bonner you father ? what be he in , Panama ? you have no idea what we do over there . and we do it for you . sander for I ?? bonner so , if I be you , I would just say " thanks , " leave it at that and kiss my ass . and he walk off . kirklander stay with Sanders . lo. kirklander you happy , or do you want to convene a war crime tribunal ? Sanders turn on she heel and storm back into -- the interview room -- and gather up she stuff . ( continued ) 81 . continued : sander I want the clothes they be wear and I want to take full body photograph for cut and bruise . she head for the door . lt . kirklander you can have the clothes . but you may want to glance at this . he hand she the manilla envelope . the way he say it make she look at it with curiosity . she open it and slide a 8x10 photo out -- black and white , a frame from a surveillance camera post at the guard gate : bonner 's car , bonner drive , pen and Long the passenger . the time and date be stamp large , among other information . 1:26 am . she understand the significance . lt . kirklander ( cont 'd ) still want they ? sander ( refuse to admit defeat ) yeah . int . hank's motel room -- night he click on the computer and play a video clip again -- sporadic image , mostly black . a prisoner on the floor of a humvee . a scream . Mike be say something we can not make out . another scream . mike ( v.o. ) leave he alone ! it end freeze on ortiez , who stare hatefully at the camera . the phone ring , startling he . hank hello ? jennifer ( 0.s . ) ( phone filter ) Mr. deerfield ? my name be Jennifer Lopez . I hear you be look for I . int . ft. rudd - hospital -- nurse's station -- morning hank wait uneasily at a nurse ' station . a moment later a nurse step in from the adjoin ward . ( continued ) 82 . continued : nurse Mr. deerfield ? int . ft. rudd - hospital -- continuous the nurse lead hank through the hall and into a double room , where jennifer LOPEZ sit sideways on she bed , she back to hank and the nurse . a medical technician be help Ms. Lopez with something we can not see . nurse here 's you guest . jennifer I will be two secs . the nurse exit . hank realize the technician be fitting Jennifer with a prosthetic arm . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I think it just need to be tighter . the technician nod and move off with the arm . jennifer ( cont 'd ) ( nod toward the chair ) please , sit . Jennifer throw she leg back onto the bed and hank see that she other leg be miss . hank try not to look . jennifer ( cont 'd ) you leave a message on my uncle jay 's voicemail . I guess you find out how many lopeze there be in the phone book . hank yeah . jennifer I read what happen to Mike . I be really sorry . he be a great guy . hank do you serve together ? jennifer no. I 'ma reservist . and I do not think you can call what I do " serve . " this happen my first day in Iraq . ( more ) ( continued ) 83 . continued : jennifer ( cont 'd ) we have no door on we vehicle , driver pull to the shoulder , ied explode . thank God I have my face turn away from it . hank yes . jennifer Mike and I meet two year ago , ( smile ) -- at a bar . I would have a little too much to drink and Mike see this guy paw I and just laid he out . bam . he take I home in a cab , do not even try to kiss I good night . ( smile again ) after that , we go out all the time , until he leave . he be very sweet . ( beat ) he call I when he get back . hank ( now interested ) he do . jennifer yeah , he come to see I that Friday . she let that hang . hank do he say anything ? you know , anything that could help I find out who do this to he ? jennifer no . I do not think so . hank how do he seem ? jennifer ... I be not sure what I should say . I mean , he be a great guy . and I want to remember he ... I want you to remember he that way . she pause . hank know not to say anything -- a old investigator 's trick . she finally continue . ( continued ) continued : 84 . jennifer ( cont 'd ) he be not .... there be something in he I would never see before . I do not think I should be tell you this . hank please . jennifer when he see I . he laugh . I mean , at first I think , " great " -- I mean , I be so sick of the sympathetic look , laugh be sort of refresh . so I laugh , too . then he say ... not to worry ; the part he be interested in still work . I do not know what to say . hank take this in . Jennifer try to undo the damage . jennifer ( cont 'd ) I be sure it be just ... I do not know what it be . ( beat ) he talk about you a lot , you know . before he leave . he be really worried he would let you down . what you think of he be everything . ( beat ) I be sorry I say that thing . hank be overwhelm . he want to reach out and touch she hand , but she nod . can not . hank I want to apologize on he behalf . jennifer you do not have to , I be sure he do not mean it . hank I appreciate the sacrifice you make for we country . hank step into the hall . his way be block by a approach gurney , another amputee . he take another route through the ward . he can not help glance into the room , see all the young wounded and limbless patient . 85 . ext . ft. rudd - hospital parking lot -- morning hank search for he pickup in the parking lot , but can not seem to recall where he leave it . the camera rise to reveal hank lose in a sea of car . int . police station - detective bureau -- day Sanders sit study the file that kirklander give she , find nothing . she look up and see hank sit quietly in the wait area . go be he earlier arrogance , he appear almost break . she stand and approach . sander you want to come in ? he stand and follow she to she desk , where they sit . sander ( cont 'd ) you be right , they could not have do it . they be with Mike at the chicken shack at one . she hand he the fold page that kirklander give she . sander ( cont 'd ) bonner , pen and Long arrive back at base twenty minute later . he look at the page : a black and white frame from a security camera at the Ft. rudd guard gate -- pen , Long and bonner in a car return to the base . the time stamp read 01:26 . sander ( cont 'd ) the field where we find Mike 's remain be a half hour away . they could not have even drive there in time , never mind anything else . hank they leave he there alone , at the chicken shack ? sander ... they say Mike want to buy drug . hank that 's why they lie ? sander and they say they be with a prostitute earlier , Mike include . ( continued ) continued : she hand 86 . hank they do not think I would see soldier use prostitute ? ( Sanders shrug ) they have no idea where Mike go when they leave he , who he meet ? sander no. ( be : file on she desk ) I have statement from every other man in he squad .... hank May I see they ? they over , he leaf through they . sander if they be to be believe , no one else see he after dinner time . nugent approach with two evidence bag , stuff full of clothes . detective nugent Lab say no trace of blood on the clothes or they belonging . sander do you look at that clothes ? one of the shirt still have crease mark where it come off the shelf . hank ( still read report ) clothes be cheap on the base . first thing you do when you get back be toss every stitch you take with you . there be nine man in a infantry squad . Sanders try to comprehend the apparent non-sequitur . sander .+. yes ? hank they lose one man in Iraq , there should still be seven statement . there be only six . he hand the file to nugent . ( continued ) 87 . continued : detective nugent so , one of they be on leave . hank the day I arrive the sergeant tell I all he man be back from liberty . a beat , then Sanders pull out the list kirklander give she . sander ( to nugent ) read the name . int . police station - detective bureau -- continuous at nugent's desk , nugent on the phone . detective nugent this be Fred gainley at the Buxton sheriff 's office . you miss a man ? because I have Robert ortiez here on a drunk and disorderly who say he 's one of yours . int . sgt . carnelli's office sgt . carnelli thanks , I will send someone over to get he . int . police station - detective bureau nugent hang up , turn to Sanders and hank . detective nugent he 's awol . sander check for prior and warrant . and see if he own a car . nugent type . ROBERT ortiez ' criminal record appear on the screen , he arrest photo have villain write all over it . int . police station - narcotics & gang division Sanders speak with detective manny nunez , narcotic and gang division . hank wait at a distance , listen . detective nunez local boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 . continued : detective nunez ( cont 'd ) I first arrest Bobby ortiez when he be fourteen for drug trafficking . he get bail and the witness disappear . couple of misdemeanor after that , then a year and a half ago we like he for drug smuggle . suddenly he get patriotic and join up . sander how the hell do they let he in the Army ? detective nugent enter with a sheet of paper , pass hank . detective nunez no felony conviction . and they have be lowering the standard every month since this thing start . detective nugent he have a 1999 chevrolet malibu register in he name . sander what color ? detective nugent ( check ) Blue . Sanders share a look with hank . sander not enough for a warrant . hank he 's awol . sander Army can go after he , we can not . detective nugent ( read ) four unpaid parking ticket ? sander try judge osorio . nugent leave to do so . ( continued ) 89 . continued : sander ( cont 'd ) ( to nunez ) any idea where he would go to ground ? detective nunez ( grab he jacket ) find Bobby be never the problem . angle on door hank wait as they head out with shotgun , pull on vest . Sanders pause briefly . sander go to you motel . I will call you . ext . police station -- moment later nunez 's unmark car pull out of the parking lot , Sanders and nugent right behind they . as they disappear down the street , hank 's pickup pull out and follow . ext . barrio - ortieze girlfriend's house -- day nugent assume backup position at he vehicle . Sanders take the side door . she note ortiez 's blue chevy in the cover carpark . nunez and he partner creep up the front step . with hank - a block away his pickup cruise up in time to see : nunez and he partner -- bang on the front door . detective nunez Police Department , open the door ! they take the door down with a ram . nunez rush past cholos smoking dope , as he partner hold they at gunpoint . hank -- be the first to see ... ortiez on the roof -- burst out from a trap door and run along the ridge toward the attach garage . 90 . at the side of the house Sanders hear foot clatter on the roof , spot ortiez just as he jump off into the alley and disappear . Sanders bolt for the back yard , clamber over junk and climb the back fence . nunez slam open the back door and give chase . from a block away hank watch the game unfold , see nugent run back to he vehicle , will he to do the smart thing : hank take the street , take the street -- nugent wheel into the alley . hank ( cont 'd ) Christ . hank drop the truck into gear and roll down the street , turn the corner and parallel the alley . in the back alley we can see why catch ortiez be not easy -- this kid run and climb fence like a goat on steroid . he bound a fence and jump into a backyard . Sanders scramble after he , but stay in the alley . nugent swerve through the twist dirt alley , swerving right before break hard at a dead end . nunez come around the corner . Sanders scream that he 's " in the yard . " nunez jump the fence and pursue as ... ortiez leap from one yard to the next . nunez try a fence and miss , slamm back onto he ass . Sanders keep run ... but she can see ortiez be get away . out on the STREET hank cruise , scan the house and side yard until he glimpsis ortiez . hank see where ortiez be go to cut into the open . he stomp on the accelerator . ortiez burst out onto the street . hank catch up to he and swing open he driver 's door , slamm ortiez to the pavement . ( continued ) 91 . continued : hank grab he metal trucker 's flashlight and leap out before ortiez can scramble to he foot . ortiez 's knife appear out of nowhere , but hank catch he with a kick to the gut that put he back down . still reeling , ortiez lunge , but hank catch he square in the jaw with the flashlight . ortiez hit the pavement and hank pummel he viciously . hank Fucking wetback ; it 's always knife , be not it ? you enjoy cut he up ? do you ? Sanders arrive and try to pull he off . reacting instinctively , hank elbow she in the face , break she nose and send she sprawling . he do not even glance back , he just keep release he fury on ortiez 's bloody face . nunez arrive a heartbeat later , aim he weapon . detective nunez let he go ! stop ! but he do not . nugent run up and pull hank off , roll he to the ground ; hank struggle with nugent , try to get back at ortiez . detective nugent hey ! hey ! what the hell be you do ?! hank come to he sense and stop struggle . Sanders struggle to she foot , hold she spurting nose . int . police station - holding area -- evening hank open he eye . he sit cuffed to a wooden bench . he look down at he hand , cut and swollen . he glance through the open door and see ortiez be release from a hold cell , into the custody of two burly mps . they head for the exit , meaning they be go to have to pass hank . hank tug on the chain that bind he as they near . hank what be it ? you want he to carry drug for you and he would not do it ? you afraid he be go to tell on you ? that it , chico ? that do it . ortiez jerk to a stop , face to face with hank lean in close to he ear and whisper : ( continued ) 92 . continued : ortiez would not it be funny if the devil look just like you ? the mps get he move again . hank call after he : hank come back here , you wetback prick , I will show you what the devil look like . ortiez ( laugh he off ) fuck you , man . ortiez disappear around the corner with he guard . he turn and see Sanders approach , she nose swollen , a band - aid over the cut . hank I see you crack he wide open . sander hold out you hand . hank I do not mean to hit you . sander that what pass for a apology in you world ? ( as she uncuff he ) he be not press charge . you be damn lucky I feel pity for you or I would be do it myself . hank I be sorry . sander keep it . hank be anyone go to question he ? sander I question he , they question he , we searched he house , there be no evidence that he have anything to do with it ! hank do not know what to say . Sanders turn on she heel and walk off . 93 . int . hank's motel room -- night hank lie awake in he soile white T-shirt , stare at the ceiling . the sheet be half off the bed . the room be unrecognizably messy . int . hank's motel room -- morning the alarm clock read 10:18 am . hank wake to a knock on the door . he open it to Sanders . sander something 's happen . int . ft. rudd - army m.e.' lab -- day Sanders and Lt. kirklander stand over the gurney . lt . kirklander we find he hang in he room . a morgue technician pull back the sheet to reveal Gordon bonner 's horribly discolor face , he neck scar and raw . sander do he leave a note ? lt . kirklander no. int . usacid office -- day kirklander open a small manilla envelope and tip the content into hank 's hand . it 's a watch , circa 1950 . hank my father give it to I when I go to Vietnam . I give it to Mike . lt . kirklander it be in bonner 's pants pocket . the think strike hank as amazing . hank ... he be carry it ? he do not leave a note -- he just put it in he pocket and then hang himself ? lt . kirklander I be afraid it 's as close as we be go to get to a confession . ( continued ) 94 . continued : hank confession . hank exit , disgust . sander bonner 's car ; what color be it ? lt . kirklander Blue . why ? ext . ft. rudd - parking lot -- day hank follow Sanders to she vehicle . hank you do not kill someone for no reason . that watch be not proof of anything . sander you think you son would have give it to he ? hank it could have be plant on he body ! sander so , why do he kill himself , hank ? hank I do not know ! but tell I how he kill Mike ! he have a alibi , he be back at the base ! when do he do it ? why do he do it ? sander ... I do not know , hank . I be sorry . she climb into she Taurus , exhaust . hank shake he head and walk off to he pickup . Sanders ' cell phone ring . she answer it . sander ( cont 'd ) yes ? int . police station - detective bureau -- day nugent on the other end of the phone . he do not want to have this conversation . ( continued ) 95 . continued : detective nugent ... remember the woman with the dead dog ? ext . mobile home park -- night Sanders come around the corner and step out onto the street of identical mobile home , light by flasher from police vehicle . hastily dress neighbor stand across the street from a home that lie at the eye of the storm . as she walk toward it , she notice a muscular man in he late 20 , close cropped hair , sit cuffed in the back seat of a squad car . several officer stand by it , smoking and talk . everyone show up for a murder . Sanders lift the crime scene tape and walk through the open front door , which boast a Army service sticker . int . mobile home -- night Sanders weave through the milling officer . detective wayne catch she eye -- it 's the first sympathetic look he 's ever give she . she keep move , find Hodge in the hallway outside the bathroom . there 's water all over the bathroom floor . small foot poke over the edge of the bathtub . he speak kindly . detective hodge we drain it . Sanders step forward until she can see Angie , the woman who complain about she husband drown she dog , lie in the tub , she clothes cling to she . Sanders squat beside the tub for fear of fall . she ask the question she do not want answer . sander where 's the boy ? detective hodge he be not home , thank God . he 's at he grandparent '. sander that 's good . she touch Angie 's hand . sander ( cont 'd ) that 's good . 96 . int . hank's motel room -- night hank sit on the bare , stain mattress , phone to he ear . int . deerfield home -- night Joan sit in the kitchen , stare out the back door . she make no move to answer the ringing phone . int . police station - detective bureau -- day the room be busy and yet remarkably quiet . Sanders sit at she desk , go through she phone log and lose herself in the minutiae of she job . the civilian worker from the front desk drop off a fed ex envelope and offer Sanders a sympathetic smile . Sanders open it and go through the content with little interest . it 's a credit card statement with hard receipt attach -- various purchase Mike make , include the tube sock and the chicken . she flip through they and then toss they in she out basket . int . ft. rudd - morgue office -- day hank sit slump in a chair in the corridor , wait . a officer step out of one of the cubicle . hank stand as he approach , hand he a clipboard to sign . officer the remain will be ship this afternoon , if you would please just check the address of the funeral home . hank it 's correct . officer and , I be afraid we have to keep the skull . until the case be officially close . I be sorry . ( hand he carbon receipt ) if I can be of any other help , please let I know . hank watch the young officer walk off . ext . ft. rudd - parking lot -- day hank close the driver door and crank the key . the battery be dead . he see he 's leave he headlight on , stab the switch back in place and get out . 97 . int . ft. rudd - barracks -- day hank walk along the corridor , no one around . he stop at a open door , look in . it 's pen . hank think about walk away , but then pen turn . penning .. Sir ? hank ... you get jumper cable ? ext . ft. rudd - parking lot pen open the hood of he brown Nissan and attaches the lead . hank hit the ignition and the truck come to life . pen walk to the driver 's window . penning I want to say how sorry I be , what happen to Mike . and I need to apologize , for lie , about not see he that night . I just think that , if I be Mike , I would not want my parent to know . hank nod . hank you have a cigarette ? pen pop out one and hank accept it . they light up . hank ( cont 'd ) do you think bonner kill he ? penning no . I do not know . I do not understand any of this . hank what would he have against my boy ? penning nothing . I be sorry . ( a moment ) Mike tell you much about Bosnia ? hank some . ( continued ) 98 . continued : penning we seem to always pull sentry duty , freezing we ass off . he use to try and convince I of the craziest thing . hank try to get you to wear pantyhose ? penning do he tell you ?? hank I tell he . cut the cold like nothing else . penning so he be not lie ?? hank you just gotta make sure you be not shot while wear a pair , or you will never live it down . pen have to laugh . hank smile for the first time in many day . then he thought drift back to he dead son . penning it 's fuck up , be not it ? hank yeah , it be . and then a think strike hank , and he look at pen . it be clear from he expression that hank now know something we do not ; something terrible . int . hank's motel room -- night hank download a video and play it . Black punctuate by the occasional flash of a image ; the audio come in and out . someone be whimper , plead in Arabic . we see a flash of he face : a bound iraqi prisoner with a bag over he head , lie on the floor of the move High back humvee between the foot of the man in Mike 's squad . Mike be just off screen , sit over he , apparently hold the camera . screen go black . mike ( v.o. ) where do it hurt ? a scream , ( continued ) 99 . continued : mike ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hey , asshole ! ( to prisoner ) it 's okay , I will help you . he 's not go to hurt you again . fragmented image - Mike jab he boot into the prisoner 's wound . the prisoner scream . Mike pretend it be ortiez . mike ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) leave he alone ! ortiez sit beside Mike , laughing , shaking he head . mike ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( to ortiez ) you fuck pervert ortiez ( laugh ) fuck you , man . the camera swing back to the man on the floor as Mike jab he boot into the prisoner 's wound . the prisoner scream , the pain searing . Mike keep probing , torture the prisoner out of sport . the camera tilting up to Mike 's face for the first time as he turn off the camera and the image freeze . hank sit there , horrify . int . police station - detective bureau -- night Sanders drop a file in she out basket , put she jacket on to leave , sit and pick up she purse from under she desk . but she can not seem to stand . she look around the room , then at she brim out basket . something make she reconsider a document in there . she slide out the credit card statement and flip through it , wonder what bother she about it . she stop at the chicken receipt and then look back at the tube sock and other receipt -- the signature for the chicken be different than the other . she move quickly to the file cabinet and jerk it open , find the original statement that the man make about they whereabouts . she check the signature , bonner , Long and pen . int . hank's motel room -- night hank pack he bag . 100 . int . police station - detective bureau -- night Sanders slap pen 's statement down on the desk , under a bright lamp , beside the receipt . she compare the signature . Key letter in both be exactly the same . int . hank's motel room -- night bang . hank open the door . Sanders have to stop herself from comment on how awful he look . she hand he a file folder with a credit card receipt clipped to the cover . sander tell I that 's you son 's signature on he credit card receipt . hank it 's not . sander we just assume Mike be there . it 's pen 's signature . Three meal : pen , Long and bonner . int . sander ' vehicle - moving -- night they drive toward the base in silence . Sanders glance at hank , try to read he ; can not . ext . ft. rudd military base - entrance -- night her Taurus idle in a parking space near the guard gate . Sanders wait impatiently beside the car , stare at the guard in the kiosk , one read a comic book . sander Son of a bitch . she look to hank , stone - face in the passenger seat . she would have expect rage , not fatalism . she get it . sander ( cont 'd ) you know . how ? hank do not answer . the phone in the guard booth ring , the guard answer it , hang up and approach . he hand she back the warrant . guard sorry to keep you wait . ( continued ) 101 . continued : sander yeah , I be sure . Sanders race onto the base , ignore the speed bump . int . usacid office -- night hank wait in the hall as Sanders step into kirklander 's office and drop the two warrant on he desk . sander pen and Long . I want they now . the door close behind she . lt . kirklander I can not give they to you . sander damn right you can and you will . lt . kirklander they be under arrest . corporal pen 's come forward . he 's implicate specialist Long and bonner . sander ( get it ) you son of a bitch . you go to he with a deal . do not you ? lt . kirklander he will do serious time . sander how much ?.... how much time ?! lt . kirklander ... as much as I could get . sander well , luckily that mean nothing to I . this be warrant , we have jurisdiction and you be compel to produce this man . I want they now . lt . kirklander I be not the only one who make a deal . Sanders get a bad feel . ( continued ) 102 . continued : lt . kirklander ( cont 'd ) my CO talk to yours . one less headache . it 's out of we hand . ( beat ) I be sorry . Sanders take this in , look back to hank , wait in the outer office . sander I want to hear the confession . lt . kirklander Long be not speak , I will get you pen 's statement . sander no , I want to hear it from he lip . ( nodd toward hank ) and I want he present . lt . kirklander that 's not go to happen . sander how many soldier leave the base every night to visit a bar , havea drink or two ? lt . kirklander I know you be feel burn .... sander what would you guess ? on a weekend , what , seven or eight thousand soldier ? I tell you what I can do . I can sit in my car outside of any of you entrance , pull over every vehicle return to base and arrest every soldier whose blood alcohol be one one thousandth over the legal limit . how many man do you think that would be ? and how many do you think would have a little weed stashed under they seat ? lt . kirklander and how long do you think it would be until you be fire ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : sander well , I would be do it on my own time , and we have a pretty good union , so I would say four or five week . how many DUI case do you think I can make in a month ? you want to find out ? silence . kirklander finally pick up the phone . int . usacid office - interview room -- night hank and Sanders sit on one side of the table , pen and a jag attorney sit on the other . kirklander stand in the background . penning we leave the strip club and we think that Mike and bonner have cool down . I mean they could be like that , laugh one minute and fight the next . anyway , we be in the car and Mike 's all pissy . and bonner start needle he . say shit . sander like what ? penning I do not know , like what a good driver Mike be , stuff that make no sense . bonner have enough and pull over and they go at each other again . Long be yell for they to cut it out so we can go home and Mike start cursing he , too , and I look down and I be stabbing he . sander you be . she throw a look to kirklander , who can not hold she glance . penning yeah . I mean , he always have to push thing too far , you know ? what 's make I madder be that he be just stand there , not fight back , like some sort of weird macho thing . sander you friend do not try and stop you ? ( continued ) continued : 104 . penning I think they be sort of stunne . they be yell . and then Mike fall down . and he 's dead . and Long say , " Christ , what do we do now ? " it be bonner 's idea to chop he up . he use to work in a butcher shop ; know how to work the knife around the joint ; make it easier . ( beat ) we be go to bury the part , but it be get late . and we have not eat . sander you be hungry ? penning starve . so , we stop at the chicken shack . Sanders try not to react . penning ( cont 'd ) you ask I why , I do not know . I like Mike , we all do . ( beat ) but on another night ? that could have be Mike with the knife and I in the field . I think Mike be the smart one . I think he could see . pen start to be overcome by he emotion . to hank : penning ( cont 'd ) I be truly sorry , sir . I be sorry for you loss . hank fight the urge to leap across the table and strangle he . hank I see a video Mike shot , he in the back of a humvee . it look like he be torture a prisoner . penning ( have to smile ) we arrest some hajji , he 's wounded . we be riding along and Mike pretend he 's a medic , stick he hand in the guy 's wound , ask " do that hurt ? " ( more ) ( continued ) 105 . continued : penning ( cont 'd ) the hajji scream " yeah - yeah - yeah . " Mike say " how about here ? " ( laugh despite himself ) it be pretty funny . it become a thing with he . that 's how he get the name " Doc . " it be just a way to cope . we all do stupid thing . ext . ft. rudd - usacid unit -- night hank step out into the night air , try not to show that he world be crumble around he . behind he -- back in the corridor kirklander step up to Sanders . lt . kirklander when I make the deal , I do not know it be pen who do the stabbing . I read it wrong . she nod , understanding ; she would have be fool , too . she glance toward hank , dread have to talk to he . kirklander head back to he office and Sanders have no choice but to walk to the exit and join hank . sander I will get the car . ext . sander ' house -- night light be on . Sanders pull up , confuse to see another car in the drive . buchwald step out , envelope in hand . chief buchwald hi. sander '' hi. chief buchwald I want to drop this by . I be go to knock , but I do not want to spook you sitter . sander and you think a stranger sit out here stare at the house would make she feel more secure . ( continued ) 106 . continued : chief buchwald they be for a lobo game . that 's football . good game , lobo against the Utah ute . sander no kid . the ute . chief buchwald think it be worth a shot , before you turn the boy against the game forever . sander thanks . chief buchwald you do good police work . sander figure that 's what they be for . Sanders exit into the house . buchwald back out . ext . imperial motel -- early morning the parking lot lie quiet , one car depart . int . hank's motel room -- morning hank pack up the laptop and Mike 's photo . int . ft. rudd - barracks -- day a nco wait as hank pack Mike 's few article into he duffel . he hand it off to the nco as a new recruit , in he class a 's , step in , carry he duffel and paperwork . new recruit Excuse I , sir . hank take this in , then look down the corridor . hank which be private ortiez 's room ? int . ortieze room hank appear at the open door , see ortiez inside pack up he belonging . ortiez notice hank stand there . hank you have a minute ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : ortiez be not quite sure how to answer . hank ( cont 'd ) I need to apologize to you . ortiez damn straight you do . hank I be sorry . ortiez you get some serious issue , man . hank yeah . that 's true . a moment . hank hold up a fresh fifth of whisky . ext . ft. rudd - barracks -- day ortiez drink from the bottle and pass it to hank . he and hank sit on the low wall under the overhang at the barrack , watch a sergeant drill he recruit in the field . ortiez I get a honorable discharge , if you can believe it . hank it 's the Army , I would believe anything . ortiez ( watch troops ) I hate it over there . sleep in fuck tent , no toilet , no shower , no toilet paper , gotta use you hand -- and you never know where the bullet be come from . I could not wait to get out . and after two week here , all I want to do be go back , cause somehow that make sense . how fuck be that ? they sit there a moment . hank hand ortiez one of Mike 's photo : the body on the side of the road . hank you know what this be ? ( no answer ) Mike take it and email it to I . why would he do that ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : ortiez ( beat ) I do not know what anybody tell you . ( hank wait he out ) there be stand order . you be drive in convoy , someone or something get in front of you vehicle , you do not stop . you stop , shithead pop up with rpgs and kill you all dead . ( beat ) first week in Iraq , we be drive down range , six of we in back , you can not see squat back there . Doc hit something . we hear it thump around underneath . he stop , get out ; drive on . not a word . later , some guy say we hit a kid , I do not believe it . you ask I , it be a dog . we kill a dog . and hank can see how hard ortiez want to believe that . ortiez ( cont 'd ) I do not know what that be . no fuck idea . ext . ft. rudd - parking lot -- day hank open he driver 's door and throw the duffel in before he , slide in and start the engine before he close the truck door . he stare out through the windshield and see : baghdad STREET - through the windshield of a moving humvee a kid run into the middle of the street , between vehicle , pick up a soccer ball and turn to look toward the camera . inside the moving high back humvee Mike panic , bonner urge he to speed up , Mike step on the accelerator . through the windshield the humvee hit the boy with the ball . the only sound we hear be the thud , and then the body tumble under the vehicle 's undercarriage . inside the high back humvee Mike drive on a moment , betray no emotion . then brake . 109 . angle on the STREET Mike step out and walk back toward the small body that lie on the side of the road . bonner get out and yell at he . Mike stop . he see people run toward the body , from a nearby house . ortiez part the tarp and peer out from the back . Mike lift he phone , compose the shot , and take a picture of the body . Mike turn and walk back . bonner hesitates , obviously unnerve by the sight of the body . they return to the vehicle , step in and tug close the door . back with hank the image be too much to bear . he pull he door close . int . coffee shop -- day Sanders sit with hank . sander so , my son have be drive I crazy ever since you come over . he want a slingshot . hank smile . sander ( cont 'd ) guess it could be worse , could be a bee- bee gun . hank it be Mike 's favorite story , too . he try not to show she the pain that be threaten to overwhelm he . ext . coffee shop -- day Sanders walk hank to he pickup . he get in , look up at she . hank thank you . she nod . hank drive off without look back . 110 . ext . deerfield home -- dusk hank carry he overnight case toward the dark house . int . deerfield home - kitchen -- night the room be dark . hank turn on the light above the stove . Mike 's package sit on the counter , open . he peel back the paper to reveal a tightly fold flag . a envelope sit atop address to " dad . " hank find a photo inside , Mike and he squad mate stretch the flag , jerry - rig to a pole over they humvee , smile broadly . hank turn the photo over . it be inscribe : " for dad , love Mike . " hank turn and walk away . int . deerfield home - hank & joan' bedroom -- night hank sit on the edge of the bed , the phone to he ear . Joan sleep on she side . mike ( 0.s . ) something happen , dad . something bad . and then we hear Mike start to cry . hank be mortify . hank oh for Christ 's sake . ( beat ) be there anyone there with you ? mike ( 0.s. ) no , I be alone . hank that 's good . in baghdad -- barracks Mike on the payphone , try to keep it together . mike okay , dad , I gotta go . hank ( 0.s. ) you be safe , son . stay safe . mike you too , dad . Mike hang up and walk away to join he unit outside . 141 . back in the bedroom hank hang up . we cut to the doorway and see hank stand there , fully dress . and now he weep , know he let he son down when the boy need he . he Pov the dark room and the neatly make bed . joan step up behind he , rub he shoulder . hank he ask for my help . I do not even listen . he want to say more , but do not know what to say . int . deerfield home - mike' bedroom -- night hank pick up a empty frame and slip Mike 's photograph back into it -- he in he dress uniform , now considerably wear . he replace it on the shelf . int . sander home - david be room -- night Sanders sit on the bed with she son , tell he a story . sander every day goliath would walk out into the valley and challenge someone , anyone , to fight he . no one would . until David show up and say , " I will fight he . " so , the king dress David in he own armor , but it be too big and heavy . david why would the king let he fight a giant ? he be just a boy . sander I do not know , sweetie . david you think he be scared ? ( continued ) 112. continued : int . hank ext . hank hank hank hank flag sander David ? yeah , I think he would have be really scared . deerfield home - kitchen -- early morning pick up the open parcel from the counter . high school - flag pole -- morning attaches the flag . Juan watch hank raise it . juan just like that ? hank just like that . juan ( be : flag ) look really old . hank it 's be well use . duct tape the line firmly to the pole . juan and I should not take it down at night ? hand Juan all the bill in he wallet . hank no , you leave it just like that . juan that 's much easier . nod and walk off , and now we see the tatter battle flap in the wind atop the pole . upside down . the end