in the loop written by jesse armstrong , Simon blackwell , armando iannucci &amp ; tony roche 1 ext . 10 downing STREET london - morning 1 malcolm tucker , government director of communication , be arrive early . 2 int . number ten corridor / malcolm' office - morning 2 a civil servant hand malcolm a CD . civil servant monitor . all the usual . malcolm how do you team do at the weekend ? civil servant yeah , alright . we win . malcolm great. ( to himself ) wanker . malcolm reach he office . his assistant SAM be there . malcolm ( cont 'd ) sam. Morning . he hand she the CD and she put it into a CD player . malcolm ( cont 'd ) well , pop picker .... what shall we start with today ? wonky ron ....or Simon Foster , on the pm programme for the BBC . malcolm start listen to the recording of Simon on the radio . eddie mair ( on radio ) well , I be join by Simon Foster , the Minister for International development . thank you for join we . malcolm here we go . eddie mair you have be in the job now for eighteen month , do you think you be make headway ? simon ( v/ of on radio ) ah. yes I do . you would expect I to say that I suppose . page 1 3 int . dife OPEN plan office . day 3 Judy malloy , the Department 's Press Officer , be prepare for she minister 's arrival . judy Mark , be you co-ordinate that millenium goal press release ? MARK yes . judy well co-ordinate it better . MARK yes , can do . judy be that the Minister ? bloody nail - have anyone get a nail file ? 4 int . dfid OPEN plan office . day . 4 simon be arrive with judy . Simon carry he red dispatch box . Simon 's worried . simon have we hear anything from malcolm about last night 's interview ? judy no not yet . simon perhaps he do not hear it . judy or maybe he 's dead . simon ( with a degree of genuine hope ) he might be dead . he might have have that massive stroke we have all be wait for . it 's in the post . 5 int . malcolm' office . day . 5 simon ( on radio ) ... preventable sickness in many of the poorest country round the world .... and of course the big one be diarrhoea , which be a major , major issue .... page 2 5 con tinue D : 5 malcolm diarrhoea ? I mean , this be the minister for International development . he should be talk about food parcel , not fuck arse -spray mayhem . SAM laugh . simon ( on radio ) and so if we can tackle the easy thing , like diarrhoea , then we can ..... malcolm oh yes , say it again . very good . what be this , the shit forecast ? simon ( on radio ) ... and then hopefully that will strike another blow in the war against preventable disease . eddie mair you mention the word `war " malcolm be pay extremely close attention now . malcolm steady Eddie ... simon ( on radio ) against preventable disease , yes .... eddie mair ( on radio ) yes . all the evidence now point to a US military intervention in the Middle East . be that you view ? simon ( on radio ) well .... personally , I think that war be unforseeable . malcolm Sam ! Sam ! eddie mair ( on radio ) unforseeable ? simon ( on radio ) yes . malcolm no you do not think that ! Sam ! I be go to have to go over to International development , and pull Simon Foster 's fuck hair . page 3 6 ext . 10 downing STREET london . day . 6 malcolm emerge into the street . on the phone . malcolm he do not say " unforseeable ' . you may have hear he say it , but he do not say that , and that be a fact . 7 int . dfi OPEN plan office . day . 7 judy he will want you to row back from the `unforeseeable ' thing on question time tonight . simon on question time , you know the funny question they always ask at the end ? judy yes ? simon I think we should prep that now . I would like to shine on the funny question , cos I be a funny guy . with a light touch . simon deposit he briafcase . Judy find some clipping , return . judy there 's this guy , he 's a property tycoon . he 's buy a South Sea Island . it might be something like that , you know . " if you have to spend the rest of you life on a desert island , who would it be with ? " simon ah . well , I can not say my wife , because I have not get one , and I can not say my girlfriend , because I have not get one of that either . judy and do not say mandela , that 's ... simon no. bore . and a bloke . judy or keira knightley . simon well , that 's a good idea . page 4 7 con tinue D : 7 judy pervert . sex. Minister . simon I do not think so . judy people do not want to know . 8 ext . STREET near whitehall . day . 8 Toby and suzy walk to work together . suzy do you take the wash out of the machine ? toby no. suzy what do you mean , no ? toby no . I do not take the wash out of the machine . suzy it 's go to go really stale . toby it will be fine . suzy it 's not fine . by the time ... toby it be fine . I will wear stale pants . suzy I do not want to go out with some who wear stale pants . toby well , there we go . I could go commando , but I do not think that 's acceptable in government . suzy ( disgust ) please . so : get everything you need for you first day in International development ? page 5 8 con tinue D : 8 toby oh yes . it 's all here . my massive intellect . and a apple for Simon Foster . suzy Simon fluster . toby do not say that , I be rebrand he . suzy well he be crap on the radio last night . he sound like a chicken with a wasp up its arse . toby well I be go to sort that out . after a week I will have he sounding like a chicken without a wasp up its arse . suzy have a good day , good luck honey . toby have a good day at the foreign Office . try not to annoy Russia . suzy I will give you a call later . keep you phone on . bye . toby yeah , alright . suzy oh and be careful - car ! they walk off in separate direction . 9 morning / int . michael be fo office - morning 9 Toby be walk towards dfid . as he near the building he find himself next to malcolm , who be head in too . Toby be on the phone . intercut phone call : toby be you go to keep ringing I up every two minute , because you be start to remind I of my mum . and that could lead to all sort of erectile dysfunction . suzy be still in the fo office . page 6 9 con tinue D : 9 suzy I be just check whether you put last night 's lasagne in the fridge . in the fo office , michael arrive . he have a small suitcase and a paper bag . he hold this up . michael ( mouth ) croissant ! back with malcolm , Toby close by . malc 's on the phone . malcolm no . you be fine to go ahead and print that . it 's lie , you would be lie , but go ahead . he do not say unforeseeable . no he do not . oh , just before you go -- when I tell you wife about you and Angela heaney at the blackpool conference ... would email be better ? or a phone call ? or , hey I know , I will write it on a cake , " you hack husband betrayed you on the 4th of October , and congratulation on the new baby " in that little silver ball . ( beat ) yeah , maybe best to spike it ? okay . fuckity - bye ! Toby be now next to malcolm in the building ( or better still , in a lift ) . malcolm become aware of he . toby no , it 's fine , it 's in the fridge . I put some clingfilm over it . in the fo office , Michael switch on some classical music . suzy why do you put clingfilm on it ? toby to keep it fresh . malcolm start dialling on he phone . suzy it 's in the fridge , that will keep it fresh . toby no , but it still might dry out . malcolm ( into phone ) yeah , malcolm tucker . can I speak to James Lewis at the pm programme please ? page 7 9 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 9 Michael hand suzie a croissant . michael ( know Toby be on the other end of the line ) still slightly warm . that 's how I like my woman as well . suzy clingfilm be carcinogenic , Toby . toby no it be not . that 's a myth . clingfilm be perfectly safe . malcolm now eyeing Toby with suspicion / contempt -- who be this dick ? Toby try to smile , lower he voice , embarrassed . malcolm ( into phone ) no , I will hold , . what 's he wait for ? a sex - change ? toby they would not sell clingfilm if it give you cancer . clingfilm do not give you cancer . and lasagne do not give you syphillis . malcolm James ! right -- Simon Foster ? yeah , very funny , the diarrhoea of a nobody . listen , we get a easy ride on Tom tomorrow , ok ? ( get annoyed ) no , you relax . tell you what , I will come over a lock you in a flotation tank and pump it full of sewage until you drow . get I fucking brian ! title - in the loop 10 int . simon' office - day . 10 Simon and Judy be still prepping the funny question . .. simon Paris Hilton ? judy be you serious ? simon lily Allen . judy no. no woman . page 8 10 con tinue D : 10 simon the Olson twin ? Judy get a call . judy hi. right . I see . she ring off . simon ( sense something 's up ) what ? judy malcolm 's come to see you . simon shit . he 's still alive . when 's he due ? malcolm walk in with Toby sheepishly behind he . malcolm now . and do not say you be not prepare because I ring ahead . ( to judy ) give we a minute , will you love ? Judy get up as malcolm turn back to simon malcolm ( cont 'd ) in the word of the late , great nat King Fucking Cole , ` unforeseeable , that 's what you be .. ' 11 int . dfi OPEN plan office 11 judy have spot toby . judy so you be ... whatever you name be , Dan , the new advisor ? Daniel . toby Toby . judy right . just most of you lot tend to be call Dan , or Danny , so it 's always worth a punt . ok , hello . as you know , I be Judy molloy , Civil service director of Communications for International development . they shake hand . page 9 11 con tinue D : 11 toby be this a normal morning , or ...? Judy 's not get time for question . judy okay , I have get a meeting in ( look at watch ) two minute . and the minister be rubbish in last night 's interview . toby rubbish ? judy it 's a technical term . it mean he go on the radio and everyone could hear that he be rubbish . someone go into Simon 's office . as door open we hear heat conversation between Simon and malcolm . malcolm [ in office ] you sound like a panicky chimp trap in a wash machine . 12 int . dfid simon' office . day . 12 back inside Simon 's office . simon come on , malcolm , he ask I for a personal opinion . malcolm oh why do not you say ? I mean , he ask you . fuck . of course , that explain it . yeah . say , if he would ask you to fuck black up , or give he you pin number , or shot yourself , would you have do that as well . simon I would have black up . it be the radio and no - one would have know . malcolm yeah . very good . simon but war be -- basically unforeseeable be not it ? malcolm that be not we line , alright ? walk the fuck line . look. ( mor E ) page 10 12 con tinue D : 12 mal colm ( cont 'd ) we have get Karen Clark over from Washington , okay ? we have get the US National Security advisor 's main guy come . yeah ? we have get enough Pentagon goons here for a fuck coup d'etat . this be not the time to send out a signal like this in some personal fuck sodcast . judy and toby come in . judy Minister , this be Toby . malcolm not the time love . fuck off . judy smile at malcolm , and do not fuck off . simon hey Toby . glad you could join we . bit of a odd morning , but ' welcome to the madhouse ! ' I apologise for malcolm . malcolm do not apologise for I . you should apologise for yourself . ( to Judy ) do I not just tell you to fuck off and yet you be still here ? judy that 's correct . malcolm ( to Toby ) hey , foetus boy . lesson one : if I tell you to fuck off what do you do ? toby fuck off ? malcolm you will go far . now fuck off . toby right . Toby fuck off . we can see he outside , wander around , not know what to do with himself . simon we be think , be not we Judy , that I could row back on question time tonight . malcolm no , you be not go on question time tonight . you have be disinvite . page 11 12 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 12 simon why ? we have be prepping question time . malcolm because they ask fuck question on question time . and you be no good at question . if it be fumble , off - message shit Fucking answer time , you would be we main guy . but it 's not . judy sorry , why be not I tell about this ? malcolm why should I tell you about this ? judy because it 's a schedule media appearance by this department 's Secretary of State and it therefore fall within my purview ... malcolm you purview ? where do you think you be sweetheart , in some Regency costume drama ? this be a government department , not a fuck Jane austen novel . allow I to pop a jaunty little bonnet on you purview and ram it up the shitter with a lubricate horse cock . judy malcolm , you swear do not impress I . my husband work for Tower hamlet and believe I , that kid make you sound like Angela lansbury . malcolm ( to Simon , lad ' chat ) she 's marry ? the poor bastard . simon but ...okay , Judy 's lubricate horse cock aside for one moment .... ( Judy walk out ) be you say that I be now not allow to make any media appearance ? malcolm no , not until we can trust you to keep to the line . simon but I be go to keep to the line : " I do not actually think war be unforeseeable . " page 12 12 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 12 malcolm 's look out of the office , monitoring Judy 's movement . she 's flashed up on he radar . he 's tracking she . malcolm what be it then ? a beat . simon be it ... I do not know ? foreseeable ? no. malcolm no . not foreseeable . that 's fuck declare war . do you want to fuck declare war ? simon I be a cabinet minister . I do not get here by screwing up every media appearance I ever have . malcolm write this down . it 's neither forseeable nor undorseeable . simon right . so not inevitable , but not ... evitable . malcolm leave the office . Toby be still hover . malcolm ( call back to Simon ) okay , you need to work on this fuck line . ( to Judy ) that include you , Jane Fucking austen with the strap -on . oh , and put the sniff out there that the next time the BBC ambush a Minister with a war question we will drop a bomb on they . judy I can not do that . that 's political , that 's not in my ... malcolm purview , Marie antoinette ? weel listen , darling , why do not you fuck scuttle off back to fuck cranford and play around with you tea and cake and horse cock . let they eat cock ! ( to toby ) you , ron weasley -- you do it . malcolm head out . page 13 13 int . fo michael office - day 13 suzy and Michael in Michael 's office . suzy 's get document together for the big meeting . Michael 's at he computer , on the phone . classical music still on . michael ( on phone ) you need not worry about the Canadian . they be just happy to be there . ( pause ) yes , well , they always look surprised when they be invite . suzy listen , shall I just give Toby a quick call about the Simon Foster thing ? suzy dial . 14 int . dfid / int foreign office michael office 14 Toby check the phone . see it 's suzy -- Christ , not she again , I be a bit busy here . he answer . intercut phone call : toby hiya . you do know this be the third time you have rung ? be you on a new tariff ? suzy so ? how 's it go ? you find the bog yet ? toby all a bit manic . it be never like this at Agriculture . people tend not to swear so much about wheat . apart from farmer . they swear about everything . suzy ( to Michael , re. the music ) can you turn that down a bit ? ( to Toby ) look , I have get a leg up for you . I think we could get Simon into the big meeting with Karen Clark ? toby right - Karen Clark from ... be that the woman who go round Britain in a coracle for leukemia ? page 14 14 con tinue D : 14 suzy Karen Clark , US Assistant Secretary of State ? toby oh right . shit. Karen Clark . wow . thanks . suzy hang on , Michael want to say something . michael meat . suzy meat . michael meat ! Simon 's only go to be meat in the room . do not get he hope up . suzy yeah , so you know -- Simon , between we , he 's just go to be meat in the room . toby meat ? Judy , nearby , hear this . suzy ( wave he away ) yeah . the Americans do not feel they be get a real meeting unless there 's thirty of you on each side . so Simon be ... you know that polystyrene peanut thing they use to pack electrical goods ? sort of one of that . but you might not want to tell he that . I ought to go . I love you . Judy 's hover nearby . toby likewise . affirmative on that . 15 int . dfid - day / int . simon' office - day 15 Judy be hover as Toby finish he call . judy so , quick tour . she start walk away . Toby follow . toby um , I do just need to ... page 15 15 con tinue D : 15 judy over there ... that 's Mike 's patch . leave Mike to it . he know what he 's do . do not you Mike ? mike what ? judy exactly . ( as they walk on ) he 's a idiot . he organised 3,000 tent and sanitation pack for rwanda . toby right ... be that not ...? judy they need they in luanda . angola . it 's be in the news . ( check phone ) and that 's the end of the tour . I have get to go . toby look , I understand you hostility to new wood come in .. judy there 's a lot of really important people you need to know about , but I have not get time . but she 's go . Toby head over to Simon 's office . the door 's open . he pop he head in . toby hey , boss . simon Toby , hi . sorry about earlier -- malcolm . he 's a bit of a ... alpha male , be not he ? toby look , I have manage to get you into the big meeting at the foreign Office this afternoon . simon the Karen Clark meeting ? shit , really ? sure . how do you ...? toby I do it through sheer bloody hard work . Judy walk past . Simon call out . page 16 15 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 15 simon hey Judy . she come in . judy hello ? simon tobe here have get I into the big Karen Clark meeting . Judy look at Toby . she hear the `meat ' conversation . judy wow . yeah , the Big meet . how be you spelling that , by the way ? toby two `e 's . 16 ext . foreign office . day 16 Simon , Toby and Judy drive along whitehall in they car . a awkward silence . Judy look at Toby . she know Simon 's just off to be meat . toby ( off Judy 's look ) just , maybe , might be best not to get too excited . it might be that they guy muscle in and have the lion 's share of the talk time . judy yeah . it might be like that . simon I think I can work a room , okay ? I be not a room virgin . 17 int . foreign office build . foyer - day 17 Simon , Toby and Judy be go through security . suzy and Michael come to meet they . michael Simon . simon Michael . page 17 17 con tinue D : 17 a very young man approach Michael . look like he be 19 . he be chad . chad ah , Michael ? I be Chad . michael hello ? chad we would like a dual horse - shoe formation for the meeting set - up - a enclave for ms Clark , a enclave for the Pentagon delegation . first name acceptable to all party and politely we request the presence of both carbonate and non - carbonate water . suzy right . chad thanks so much . he walk purposefully off . michael my God . who be that , Young lankenstein ? judy oh he will be run something relatively major . they be all kid in Washington . it 's like bugsy malone , but with real gun . 18 int . foreign office grand meeting room - day 18 Chad 's dual horse - shoe be pack with people . the room 's pretty much full . karen clark from the State Department be surround by ten or so aide and functionary , security people and assistant . ( include Chad and liza one of Karen 's senior aide . ) then there be Bob adriano 's gang of advisor , smaller but sit separately . next to they be a Pentagon delegation , include uniform member of all three service . lot of hubbub . suzy lead simon , toby and judy in , and show they to they seat . page 18 18 con tinue D : 18 they're as far away from the US delegation as it 's possible to be , and Simon 's seat be actually behind a pillar . suzy go off to join Michael and the foreign Office delegation near the front . suzy look over to Toby , use she hand to make mock binocular , as if to say , ' you be very far away , look how close and therefore important I be ' . simon no- one will hear I if I say anything . how 's you view ? can we swap ? Simon and Toby swap seat , but Simon can still barely see anything . simon ( cont 'd ) ( to Judy ) can I swap with you ? judy I think the meeting 's start . it be . simon well , quickly then , swap . Simon and Judy swap seat . the meeting be now underway . we be with Karen Clark . karen we all agree this be a very tough time , but I do not want a consensus to form around the premise that conflict be necessarily the primary option at this point . back with Simon , Judy and Toby . Simon still strain to see . simon be people think that ? that 's -- a bit hardcore . he crane again to see . simon ( cont 'd ) no , this be worse . swap back . Simon and Judy swap seat again . back with Karen . she 's hold up a paper in a red folder . page 19 18 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 18 karen this paper , author by one of my aide , liza weld . you do not mind I fore - ground this do you liza ? liza react . her paper ? in a big meeting . be this good or bad ? karen ( cont 'd ) illuminate the logistical factor we face . she highlight a number of reason why , in practical term , we can not envision a theatre deployment for twelve month . bob adriano although not everyone might agree with the assumption make in that paper . karen really - such as what ? bob adriano the committee feel a much quick deployment be possible . karen which committee ? bob adriano ( cover ) this have be discuss in a number of committee . if I say one committee ... karen you do . adriano then that be a slip of the tongue karen have you accidentally allude to some secret committee ? a war committee ? michael if I can interject here , I be aware we be push for time . I would like to move we on agenda-wise . we next item be international relief co-ordination . Karen be confer with liza , adriano with he guy . karen have you hear of this committee ? adriano what 's this liza weld paper ? page 20 18 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 18 Simon be watch , feel the meeting be pass he by . simon ( to Judy and Toby ) should I say something ? she invite I , I should say something . if you do not say something in the first 10 minute , you can end up not say anything at all . judy I do not know whether you should say anything . simon I be say something ... I think I be go to try say something . Simon go to put he hand up , Toby maybe put a calming hand on he hand . they look at one another . have Toby cross a line ? karen look - I just think it 's worth note that minister in the UK government , ( liza whisper - Simon 's over there ) such as we colleague here ... simon ( pleased ) be she talk about I ? karen Simon Foster ... simon she 's talk about I ! karen have make it clear that for they currently war be unforeseeable . be not that right Simon ? simon well , yes , I mean , that 's what I say . and I stick to what I say . simon sit down . they stand back up . simon ( cont 'd ) but that do not mean that what I say will not ever change . it 's not imutable . or mutable . it 's a ongoing ... page 21 18 con tinue D : ( 4 ) 18 michael ( cut in ) I wonder if there be not some area of mutual agreement we can not rattle through here and see how much time we have at the end for this discussion ? he 's end the debate . suzy come round the back of the meeting all smile and hand Judy a note with a smile . judy thanks . she open the note it read , ` Simon be act like a massive tit . stop he . ' suzy be that all fine ? judy that 's all fine . thanks for that . suzy thanks . Toby whisper something in Simon 's ear . Simon do not look pleased . Karen be still talk to the meeting . Simon shut up . he will have this out later . 19 int . foreign office ballroom - day 19 the big meeting be break up . Simon be annoyed , lead Judy and Toby out of the room and into any private space he can find - they back into a huge huge ballroom simon come here - we need to talk ( they go into the massive room , look around ) what do you mean stop be a `tit ' ? in what way be I be a tit ? why be I even over here if I be not mean to say anything ? judy you be just meat in the room , Simon . simon ' meat in the room ' ? oh for fuck 's sake Judy . I take a hour out to come over here and be room meat ? page 22 19 con tinue D : 19 toby but you know you be a prime cut , you be not - offal . simon great , I be not liver . what be I , tit meat ? 20 int . foreign office lobby - day 20 we be with Karen Clark 's delegation who have just walk downstairs from the meeting room into a ground floor lobby area . karen be talk to liza , she right -hand woman . toby , simon and judy be above they stand round a circular view area that look down on the lobby . the UK and US delegation be aware of each other , throw furtive glance each other 's way . karen whichever committee they do not want I to be a member of , I want to be a member of that . it 's a confuse groucho marx . liza okay . right . Chad arrive . Karen talk to someone else . chad hey liza . you paper get a major citation . you must be psyched Karen bring it up . liza she ... that be she call . I do not know it have be that widely read . chad you could not write anything that clash more violently with the current climate than you the one you write if you be try , and it almost seem like you be try . liza I be not try , believe I . chad you be like the woman from the omen , you have give birth to a demon and it 's go to kill you . page 23 20 con tinue D : 20 liza you probably identify with the kid from the omen right ? chad ooh . liza see , you be a only child , be not you ? chad you bring this up whenever you run out of argument . I do not see how my parent ' limited reproductive ability reflect badly on I . I be the sperm that make it . liza walk off , over to Karen . chad ( cont 'd ) have fun with you career kryptonite . 21 int . foreign office lobby - day 21 simon ( be : Karen talk conspiratorially to liza downstairs ) what 's that all about ? it look important . 22 int . foreign office lobby - day 22 Karen be back , huddle up with liza . karen my tooth hurt . I think the veneer be chip . do they look chip ? liza stare into Karen 's mouth . liza well , I think that one , that one 's always be there , right ? I be not sure . have you get any painkiller ? karen oh , do not look at my tooth . 23 int . foreign office upstair mezzanine - day 23 judy ( try to earwig ) sshhh ! page 24 24 int . foreign office lobby - day 24 karen ( look up at the brit , off Simon 's smile ) I do not want to risk a dentist here . 25 int . foreign office upstair mezzanine - day 25 the US delegation be head off toby ( shouting ) hey liza ! liza oh ... hi ... hi ? she know he but can not immediately place he . toby Toby ? it 's Toby . liza hi. hi. she make the phone sign . he give a thumb up , she think he 's misread the phone sign and gesture , or email by do type in the air . Toby sign back , yeah , call on the phone or email - do the type back . judy ( be the type gesture ) what be you do ? you look like you be practice baby massage . toby she do the Kennedy scholarship at my college . I have a small thing for she . judy I can imagine . toby I be not sure she remember I . judy no , that be one of the side effect of rohypnol . page 25 26 int . foreign office . day . 26 karen linton have set up a secret war committee , I just know it . I mean , linton be a absolute lunatic , liza . he be dangerous . the voice in he head be now sing barbershop together . 27 ext . foreign office - day 27 the conversation be continue between Simon Judy and Toby as they exit the fo . simon yeah . Jesus . I really really hope there 's not a war . it 's go to be a nightmare . it 's bad enough have to cope with the fuck Olympic . they appear outside . there 's a press pack of 10 or so reporter and photographer there . PRESS Minister ! / Simon !/ Mr Foster ! Simon be take aback . simon fuck . who let the dog out ? we do not need this . judy er , you want a chance to row back on the war . do you want to nail the line ? simon what ? no. no. I will freestyle it . the press be call . reporter 1 be war unforeseeable Minister ? simon look , ( grapple now ) ... load of thing that be actually very likely be also unforeseeable . y'know , for the plane in the fog the mountain be unforeseeable , but then it , be suddenly very real and inevitable . Toby and Judy look at one another . this be not good . page 26 27 con tinue D : 27 the press pack be look for more . reporter sorry , be you say that ...? simon what I be say be that to - walk the road of peace , sometimes you need to be ready to climb the mountain of conflict . thank you ! the press be write furiously , make call already . Simon try to look confident . he and the team get into they car . 28 int . car drive thru westminster . day . 28 ( change scene order - goe after sc . 29g ) Toby Simon and Judy on the back seat as they drive back to the Department . simon ( under he breath ) fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. ( to Judy ) why do not we nail the line ? judy I do try to warn you . simon you do try to warn I but you do not actually stop I , do you ?. that 's like shouting ' train ! ' as I get hit by a train . you should go ( stupid voice ) ' look ! train ! there 's a Fucking train ! ' judy be and simon be phone start ringing . they each check the number . simon ( cont 'd ) oh shit . it 's malcolm . judy it 's malcolm for I too . simon how do he do that ? ( he answer , tentatively ) hello ? page 27 29 int . number 10 . day . 29 malcolm have two phone on the go . he 's watch the sky news coverage of Simon 's mini-press coverage . it have a ` government ready to climb the Mountain of Conflict ' banner run across the top . malcolm ( on the phone , over tv ) Simon . I do not like find out about people I work with via the news , unless they have die . get over here now so we can address at least one of that issue . 30 int . number ten - day 30 Judy , Simon and Toby be walk towards malcolm 's office . toby the thing be . on the war . with you profile .. ( uncertain , but fuck it , he be a senior policy aide to a cabinet minister ) ... maybe we should - get it out there ? that the war be a resign issue for you . simon you can not say it 's a resign issue . because you then have to resign . judy you be have a really great first day you know that ? they walk in , malcolm 's there . malcolm ( shouting ) you be suppose to be a cabinet Minster . you be suppose to be officer class . do not do this . do not make wave . simon we can do without the ritual humiliation , malcolm . you know I be against talk up the war . malcolm you be against talk up the war ? be that why you say , " climb the mountain of conflict " ? ( mor E ) page 28 30 con tinue D : 30 mal colm ( cont 'd ) do you know what you sound like ? you sound like a fuck Nazi Julie andrew . simon I be just say . I might be force to the verge of make a stand . malcolm ( different tack need ) ( at Toby and Judy ) right , you two , the White stripe , outside . Simon make to leave with they . malcolm ( cont 'd ) there 's only two people in the White stripe . Toby and Judy leave and wait outside the door . malcolm ( cont 'd , to simon ) ( cont 'd ) look , I admire you , I really do . make a stand . so , I take it I can tell the pm you do not want to go to Washington ? simon to where ...? malcolm Washington . the boss want you over there on a fact-finder . problem we might face if it all go boombastic in the Middle East . simon oh. right . malcolm but you be say , you be on the verge of you stand ... simon well , look - I do not know what word I use in the heat of the moment , but maybe in a sense I be on the verge . but that 's the important thing - I be on the verge . not in any way decide . malcolm Christ on a bendy - bus , Simon , stop be such a faffing fuck -arse . simon I be stand my ground on the verge . page 29 30 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 30 malcolm well , when you go to America , talk to Karen Clarke at the State Department , simon I will give it a whirl . malcolm but keep away from linton barwick . he 's push the war for caulderwood 's lot . I will deal with he . dangerous fucker . keep a live hand - grenade as a paperweight . true story . simon oh right . I will not talk to he . malcolm talk to as few people as possible . that would be best for you . 31 int . state department - day 31 liza , Karen and Chad arrive in the buzzing State Department office , knacker but in action mode . karen okay - so , priority be : take a shower , get I on linton 's War Committee , get I a dental appointment . not necessarily in that order . Karen walk past various desk cover in ton of Post - its . stop a staffer as he pass . karen ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) what 's linton be up to while we have be away .... have we declare war on California yet ? but before the staffer can answer they run right into linton . Karen stand she ground . linton ah. Karen . karen linton . linton how be London ? good hotel ? karen great hotel , thank you . page 30 31 con tinue D : 31 linton good meeting ? karen yes . we have some good discussion . the time at number ten could possibly have be better spend but then ... Karen realise that linton be read a message on he cell phone and not listen . linton good . welcome back . I will read you word when they come through . thank you so much linton head off to he office . a beat later so do Karen . Chad go off a little towards linton 's office . karen be Chad come ... ? liza ( watch ) he 's do he desperate chorus girl thing , hang around try to catch linton 's eye . that 's why he 's wear he push - up bra today . chad ( as he pass ) Assistant Secretary of State -- hi . linton Brad . chad Chad linton uh-huh . exactly chad can I ...? linton ignore he as he go to join Bob adriano wait for he in he office . karen so listen , liza , I need you to find out the name of the ten dullest committee currently operate on the hill . liza dullest ? page 31 31 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 31 karen because linton be not go to call it the big horrible scarey war committee ... they will have bury the war committee under the most boring name they can think of . ' diverse Strategy Committee ' - not that , I be on that . but it will be a committee that sound so tedious you want to self -harm . they glance over into linton 's area . he be glance into theirs . karen ( cont 'd ) can you get I General Miller at the Pentagon ? ( as she leave ) my tooth hurt like hell . liza ( to herself ) sick of hearing about the tooth ... liza go to she desk , pick up she landline . liza ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) hi. I be call from Karen Clark 's office about a paper write by a staffer here . we need to know if ' Post War Planning : parameter , implication 's and possibility ' have reach Assistant Secretary of State linton barwick yet ? ( listen ) yeah ...by liza weld . ( listen , shit ! ) ' pwip pip ' ? it 's already be give a acronym ? ( listen ) no I do not want to fast - track it . would it possible to slow - track it ? well can we create one ? 32 int . state department . lintone office - day 32 look over at Karen . now alone , who be still steal glance over . linton I do not understand why anyone would choose to work in a glass office . in my opinion glass office be for pervert . bob adriano I could request the glass be frost ? page 32 32 con tinue D : 32 linton ( as if Bob adriano bring it up ) frost be for cake , bob. now . what happen in London ? bob adriano generally positive . two glitches . Karen flagge a report by one of she staffer - liza . she 's obviously try to use it as some kind of roadblock . it 's call pwip pip . linton pip what ? bob adriano pwip pip . linton what be that a report on - birdcall ? what do that stand for ? bob adriano I do not recall . it 's factish . Intel - case for and against intervention . linton we have get all the fact we need on this . in the land of truth , my friend , the man with one fact be king . you say there be another thing ? bob adriano in the meeting with the foreign Office the Committee be accidentally briefly allude to . linton ( put he hand over he mouth so he can not be lip - read ) which committee ? bob adriano ( do the same ) the war committee . linton Karen must not find out about that . she be a excitable yapping she -dog . okay get the minute of the meeting , we need to correct the record . bob adriano we can do that ? page 33 32 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 32 linton yes we can . they be a aide memoir for we . so they should not be a reductive record of what happen to be say , but a more full record of what be intend to be say . I think that 's the more accurate version , right ? later . Bob adriano be go through the minute with linton . linton ( cont 'd ) I do not like this section . cut that . I do not think this be really what France be say . let 's change that . and this . and let 's reverse this . bob adriano that 's something Karen say . linton it 's not right . Change it . bob adriano yes sir . linton and I like this . bob adriano thank you . linton let 's say everyone agree with this . bob adriano excellent . 33 int . simon' office / BOX room - day 33 Judy 's in she office on the phone , laugh . Simon 's eyeing she suspiciously . simon what 's she so fuck happy about ? be she laugh at I ? Judy close the blind on she side of the office . simon ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) why 's she get control of the blind ? I be a government minister . I should have blind . page 34 33 con tinue D : 33 toby ( joke ) you want I to order some blind ? or I could get some heavy curtain with swag and a pelmet . simon yes . I do . toby oh. okay ... simon can we go somewhere else ? they walk to box room . simon ( cont 'd ) so listen . my team for the US . team Simon . I be think of take you and leave Judy ? toby I could work with that , definitely . plus she can be a bit ... you know ? " everything 's a bit shit be not it ? " simon " so you be the President ? and I be suppose to be impressed by that ? toby yeah . " my husband work in Tower hamlet . " simon " that 's much harder than be President " . okay . it 's settle . fuck it . she 's stay behind . go and tell she . int . state department . karen' office - day 34 34 Karen , liza and linton be among that seat round the table . various staffer be stand , include Chad . and Bob adriano . karen which bring we on to any other Business . linton I believe I have flagge everything I need to discuss . as I usually do . page 35 34 con tinue D : 34 karen ( put she hand over she mouth , mock linton 's gesture from earlier ) or everything you be prepare to discuss . linton what be that , Karen karen I understand you have start up a new committee , what 's it call ? linton what make you think that ? karen it be mention in we London meeting . linton you must have misheard . karen I misheard the word committee ? linton maybe it be another word . like Khomeini . karen you be sit on a new Khomeini ? linton possibly . there be a lot of word , Karen . Kansas City . Kitty . bob ariano itty . linton itty be not a word , Bob . chad commissary ? linton thank you , James chad Chad . karen ok . why do not you just recap for I all the committee that you be currently sit on ? page 36 34 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 34 linton I be sorry , Karen , you appear to be bleed from you mouth . she be . but she do not want to leave the meeting . karen oh do not try to change the subject linton . liza ( look at Karen ) oh no . Holy mother of .... everyone be just look at she . linton I do not mean to be rude Karen but that be a tad ... repulsive . I can not concentrate on what you be say . you have blood come out of you tooth and that 's not right . Karen get up to go . it 's awkward , she 's box in and have to clamber over the other to get to the door . karen okay , liza come with I . chad ( aside , to liza ) go , buffy - you belong to the vampire queen now . liza follow Karen out . Chad take liza 's seat . linton I do not like to see a woman bleed from the mouth . it make I think of country and western music . which I really can not abide . chad ( what ? ) yes ! ha ha ! exactly . linton see he chance to take advantage of Karen be out of the room . linton actually while we're on any other Business I do have a few point I would like to resolve . page 37 35 int . state department - corridor / bathroom - day 35 they head into the bathroom . liza be pull handfuls of tissue . handing they to Karen who be dabbing she tooth . karen where be at you at with the committee ? liza I get it down to two . the aim and policy alignment Committee . here - put some down you front - you do not want it to go down you ... and the future Planning Committee . karen well , it 's not the first one . I set that one up . do that really sound dull to you ? I think that be a good name . liza right , no , it be a good name . karen okay , find out if it be definitely the future Planning Committee . liza okay . okay . right , listen , I might go and do that . you be not go to shout at I if I go and do that be you ? karen I be not a fuck monster liza , okay ? will you stop imply I be some kind of monster ? 36 int . state department - day 36 liza head out of the toilet to see Bob adriano ahead , quite a long way . liza Bob ! Bob adriano stop and turn . bob adriano liza . liza sprint and catch up with he . page 38 36 con tinue D : 36 liza so listen , Bob , there 's something I really want to tell you . we be have a hunk of the month competition , and I just do not want you to be feel ... objectify in any way .... and bob adriano ( hope it might be a come - on ? ) oh really ? liza Karen know about the future Planning Committee . Bob adriano look shocked , try to cover it up . bob adriano I have no idea what you be talk about . liza smile . run back into the toilet and give a thumb up to Karen . 37 int . WASHINGTON airport - day 37 Simon and Toby walk past the queue at US immigration , they be be ushere through a separate channel by airport worker and diplomatic staff . as they be escort Simon and Toby catch each other 's eye . toby this be cool . simon do not be callow Toby . we be on official business . a homeland Security official usher they through . simon ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) this be a little bit fuck cool . 38 int / ext . WASHINGTON airport - day 38 but then they reach the end of security and find themselves dumped into the same arrival area as everyone else . they walk through . simon there will be a car will not there ? toby oh God yeah , of course . page 39 38 con tinue D : 38 they walk slowly look at the various cabby and chauffeur hold sign . simon do you book a car ? toby me? no . I mean , Judy will have get someone to do it . he call on he phone . toby ( cont 'd ) hi Judy ? yeah sorry if you be in bed , but we be here and ... ( look through papers ) just can not see the car ? wonder what the car situation be ? 39 int . judy' flat / int . WASHINGTON airport 39 intercut with Judy in bed at she flat . judy what car situation ? toby the airport car ? judy that 's not my job Toby . that 's Robbie 's job to book it , you job to check it and confirm it . alright ? good night . the call be over . 40 ext . WASHINGTON airport 40 toby ( to Simon ) yeah . she 's really embarrassed . sound like a snarl up she end . I will see what we can do ? he 's look panicked - then . toby ( cont 'd ) here we go . there 's a guy with a sign that say ` England government - Simon Forester ' simon ` Simon Forester ? ' page 40 40 con tinue D : 40 toby ( to the taxi guy ) hi we be the Simon Foster party ? the driver take they bag and they follow he . 41 int . limo - day 41 Simon and Toby be head into Washington . they car be accompany by two police motorcycle . simon ( be : the limo ) I almost feel like there should be hooker . do you know what I mean ? really , here , we should have hooker . toby ( thumb up , on he mobile ) hey gav , I be in a fuck motorcade ! driver you want girl ? simon ( terrify of thing get out of hand ) what ? oh no . God no . no no no no no . I be just - I be just joke . I do not want hooker . I hate hooker . I mean not in a aggressive way . I be just not interested . ( uncomfy beat , then ) but thanks . thanks very much . 42 ext . WASHINGTON HOTEL - day 42 they get out of the limo , take in the hotel facade . not bad . pretty fuck good . 43 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - day 43 they walk in . oh. right . not so impressive then . not crappy . just very bland and ordinary . toby it 's like a hangar for businessman . 44 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL room 44 Simon and Toby enter with the porter . he hang around for a tip . page 41 44 con tinue D : 44 simon Toby , have you ....? toby ( seaching he pocket ) I have not be to a ATM yet ... I have only get English .... simon find two crumble up one dollar bill and press they into the porter 's hand . toby ( cont 'd ) it 's suppose to be a dollar a bag . porter leave . toby go to window , open curtain . the Capitol it just visisble through a building site . toby ( cont 'd ) technically , you have get a Capitol Hill view . 45 int . georgetown house - night 45 a smart private cocktail party in a fancy georgetown house . Karen and General Miller spot each other . they each take a glass of champagne from a waiter . general miller hey Karen . you look beautiful . karen I bet you say that to all the girl . general miller yeah I do . and some of the guy . karen that 's why you should not run for Senate . too many skeleton in you enormous closet . general miller yeah , do not believe the hype . I be just think about do ... something . I be more than just a soldier , Karen . karen that 's right , you be passionate about education and housing and what 's the other thing ? general miller lingerie . page 42 45 con tinue D : 45 karen that 's right . general miller and bestiality . karen I would forget about that . be you still allergic to that dog ? general miller yes , yes . I wake up and my eye be close and my head be swollen and I look like a giant ball sack . karen oh my god , they do have memdication for that ..... but a beautiful ball sack , though . and how 's the pentagon ? general miller it 's kick up a level . talk invasion real soon . karen be there somewhere we can talk ? general miller I do not know , I do not live in this house . 46 int . caulderwood party . adjoining play room - evening 46 General Miller and Karen be in caulderwood 's kid ' play room . toy be pile up everywhere . karen what if someone come in now ? general miller I can not think of a excuse that would work can you ? karen no . just be careful . do not mess stuff up . they sit down on the child 's bed . Miller grab a crayon . general miller okay so that 's total minimum european theatre requirement . he show she a figure on a piece of paper . general miller ( cont 'd ) ( he scribbles ) this be Far East , Korea , Japan etc . page 43 46 con tinue D : 46 he scribbles . general miller ( cont 'd ) add that . plus contingency already deploy . karen er - you have lose I . Miller look around , grab a child 's laptop . open it , it say `howday ' in a electronic voice . karen ( cont 'd ) you military hardware be impressive . general miller not anymore it be not . okay so this be total current deployment . ( he type ) Europe , Asia . ( he type ) and the contingency already deploy . ( he type ) so the current number of combat troops available for a invasion accord to this figure would be ... ( he press the vequal ' button ) computer voice twelve . karen thousand ? general miller no , twelve . twelve soldier . twelve . karen you be shitting I . general miller of course I be shitting you , but 12 thousand be not enough . twelve thousand 's about how many be go to die . and you really need a few guy alive at the end of a war or it look like you have lose . karen uh-huh . tomorrow I have get to meet this brit . Simon Foster . he 's the guy that say war be unforseeable , and I think he could very useful on the committee because he could internationalise the dissent . page 44 46 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 46 general miller you be go to use he as a little meat puppet . int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - toby's room . 47 47 Simon knock on the door . Toby open , he 's in he boxer short and shirt . simon tobe . hi. so ! what 's the plan ? what swanky reception be we go to ? toby ( panic in he eye ) what 's the plan ? for tonight ? simon well that 's what I be ask you Toby , my chief aide , my political advisor . toby I do not know , I think tonight we would be tired ? simon ( approach break point with Toby ) well I be tired but I be also a career politician Toby , in the political powerhouse of the world for forty - eight hour . so I think it might be nice to , you know , go out rather than sit in my room try to spank one out watch a shark documentary , because I be scared if I watch a porno it will end up in the Register of member interest . so what have you get ? toby okay ... what have I get ? simon do not bullshit I Toby . toby okay - so far , we have ... one flyer under the door for happy hour in the bar - which might be interesting ? and I have the number of a guy I be with at uni who I believe now work for CNN out here . simon no . page 45 47 con tinue D : 47 toby no ? 48 int . georgetown party . eve . 48 Karen on the phone . karen liza , where be you ? liza waving at you . karen make yourself more visible . liza I be practically on top of you . they meet . karen you can stop talk on you phone now . look , I have to leave . phone Simon Foster 's guy . tell they to come to the war committee . I will give they some face time around ten o'clock . it will be coffee and danish ... tea .. they be go to want tea . tea and sympathy . tea and a handjob , whatever . liza ok . 49 ext . georgetown STREET - evening . 49 liza ( on phone , deep breath ) hey Toby ! it 's liza weld . do you remember ? what you guy do tonight ? 50 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - evening 50 Toby and Simon be lie on separate bed in they underpant watch a shark documentary . Toby be the on the phone . tv narrator there be still a great deal that be unknown about great white shark mate behaviour ... toby well it be unbelievably hectic . page 46 50 con tinue D : 50 simon you can definitely spot the female one can not you ?! 51 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL bathroom - evening 51 Toby 's end he call with liza . toby attend the war committee . that 's big . I mean , I have be on a committee before . " Challenges for the cheese market " - that be a big one ... but ... yes , sure I would love a drink . forty minute ? great . ( he do that mobile thing where people sign off by repeatedly say `bye ' with increase speed but diminish volume ) bye bye bye-bye-bye-bye - bye bye . he hang up . very excited . start get ready to see liza . check he hair in the mirror . not quite right . he open a pot of hair gel , take a scoop and rub it in he hand , ready to put it in he hair . his phone go again . do not know what to do . do not want to pick up the phone with gelly hand . no time to wash it off . grab a towel and pick up the phone hold the towel . he struggle to press the answer button . put the towel - cover phone to he ear . toby ( cont 'd ) hello ? hi? hello ? he can not hear through the towel . tries to adjust it . toby ( cont 'd ) matty , hi , how 's CNN ? yes -- sorry ? do I sound muffle ? can not mate . yeah , liza weld 's 's get we on to linton 's future Planning Committee in the morning . the war committee , to you and I . so I be prepping ... what ? yes , future Planning Committee be the war committee . you do not know that ? I think you work for CNN ? or be that cartoon Network News ? 52 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - continuous 52 Simon have just answer the door to malcolm . page 47 52 con tinue D : 52 simon come in .... I just be not expect you to be here . physically here . obviously , you be always in my heart . malcolm I be here , I be there , I be fuck everywhere . I be the egg-man . simon have you come to insult I in a different time zone ? 53 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL . bathroom - continuous 53 Toby still on the phone . toby no , off out now for a drink with she ... yeah , yeah , ha-di-ha , but nothing 's go to happen there . Little Toby 's stay in he hammock tonight . Toby check himself in the mirror . 54 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - continuous 54 Toby come out of the bathroom . toby Simon , I have manage to get we on the ... malcolm be suddenly in he face . malcolm hello !! toby ( heart attack ) fuck ! malcolm ! Jesus . malcolm you be mean to shit yourself in there . not out here . toby right. ( to Simon ) I have get we on to linton 's future Planning Committee in the morning . simon okay . what 's that ? page 48 54 con tinue D : 54 toby it 's the war committee . malcolm what ? the actual .... war committee ? toby yeah , liza say that ... malcolm who 's go to be there ? toby Karen Clark , liza , I and Simon . ( off Simon 's look ) Simon and I . malcolm who else be go -- Jimmy osmond ? gwyneth paltrow ? you have be invite to a diversion . the real committee , the real thing , that 's happen at the White House . Toby pick he jacket up . toby yeah well , I will text you the detail because I be go to go out . for a quick drink with some State Department bod . malcolm do not mention this to the press , ok ? do not mention it to anyone . because if the press get a whiff there 's a war committee , even a cardboard one , every fucker in this town be go to turn up and try and get on it . so no matter what gay bar you end up , keep it schtumm . malcolm flick the tv over to a news channel . simon I be watch that . malcolm look at he . malcolm I have to have a word with you . you might want to slip into you negligee . Toby head out . page 49 55 int . black cat indie club - night 55 Toby and liza sit in a booth . they be by far the most formally dress people in the club . a band be play angry rock with a vaguely political message . a small knot of people be rock out . liza ( be : the mosh pit ) you see that guy ? the mosh pit ? toby yes , I do not think I have ever see a more civilise ' mosh pit ' it 's more of a mosh caucus actually . liza House staffer , Senators ' intern , most of they be half - man half - pdf file . tonight they rage hard . tomorrow they go back to the hill and argue noise reduction legislation . they be chuckle , have a good time . toby ( beat , look at she . ) you be worried . liza ( she 's be mull on something else entirely ) it 's pwip pip. toby I be sorry ? pip pip ? be this ... a person or a cell phone tarrif or .. liza it 's my paper . on the war . Pros and con of the war . but I come up with too many con . the pro-war guy have start call I ` connie ' . so , yes I be fuck worried . my career 's on the line . toby yeah - I notice you be worried , cos I see you look worried . I be perceptive like that . but ... ( can not think of anything else ) do not worry . liza okay , this place blow . I be go . what be you do ? page 50 55 con tinue D : 55 toby well I be incredibly tired . it feel like my brain 's eight hour behind but my liver 's 12 hour ahead . liza you do not want to come back to my place for a quick catch up ? it 's a allure offer . toby however , due to technological development I no longer need sleep , but be physically rejuvenate by alcohol ! he guzzle from he beer bottle as they leave . 56 int . liza' apartment - night 56 Toby and liza be on the bed together , kissing . toby could I just say , you know , that what happen in Washington stay in Washington ? liza yeah I live in Washington . so that do not really work for I . 57 int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - evening 57 malcolm be still in Simon 's room . he 's texting . Simon sneak the remote and flip from the news back to the shark doc . malcolm , without look up , pick up the remote and flick back to the news . malcolm we be under enormous pressure Simon . Karen will want you to say , `war be unforeseeable ' . linton will want you to talk up vclimb the mountain of conflict ' . you say nothing , okay ? you can not swing both way , you be not David fuck bowie . simon right . can I go to bed now ? malcolm no , we be go to run that through . simon be I be torture ? page 51 58 int . liza' apartment - day 58 Toby wake up . his mouth be parched . he feel terrible . he roll over . liza be go . he can not remember where he be or what 's go on . then with a flash as he look at the clock - 9.07 he remember a lot of thing in a rush and spring out like a ninja and start pull he clothes on , while scrabbling for he phone . he head down stair &amp ; out of the apartment . 59 ext . liza' apartment block - day 59 toby hello I need a number for a taxi in Washington DC . straight through please . he 's on the street . toby ( cont 'd ) hello . I need a cab , right now . from ? from where ? from from ( see the house number ) toby ( cont 'd ) it 's 40 , 46 , that 's the number , and it 's a street . it 's a nice street with house and car and a - sidewalk and it 's get leave and - hold on I be walk , I be walk to a sign ... 60 ext . WASHINGTON STREET 60 Toby run . 61 int . karen clark office . day . 61 Karen , liza and Simon be make small talk . liza marcel 's be good . simon uh-huh . karen you should go to La taverna , the Greek place . it 's fantastic . liza they set fire to the cheese . it 's a lot of fun . page 52 61 con tinue D : 61 simon it sound a lot of fun . karen there 's the aerospace museum , the National Gallery . simon do they set fire to the painting ? polite laughter . Toby come in . toby hi I be sorry I be so late . karen ( be Toby ) and this be you guy ? simon yes . he 's , you know , among my guy . Toby shoot Simon a look . karen ( turn to Toby ) I be Karen . and I believe you already know liza . toby ( she can not know ? ) yes . from college , in England . karen pull a all - nighter ? Toby look to liza for guidance . she 's not give any . toby yes , I , uh , get lead astray . karen oh who by ? toby uh , well I run into - people . there 's some people from - the mod over and ... karen not penny grayle ? toby er - no , another - gang ? karen right . wow . I do not know you have so many delegation in town . page 53 61 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 61 toby ( weakly ) the british be come ! karen well , I need to just check out a couple of thing ... this seem like a good point to break thing up . simon er - no problem . they start to get up , not quite sure what 's go on . liza it 's be great . simon terrific . karen I really appreciate this . toby brilliant . 62 int . state department - day 62 Simon and Toby walk out into a larger office . they find a couple of seat leave out for people wait and sit down . various staffer come and go , pick up papers and file , say hi , look knacker , all drink either diet coke or coffee . toby be that ...? simon Toby -- I do not want to read you the riot act here but I be go to have to read some extract from the riot act . like section 1 paragraph 1 clause 1 . do not leave you boss twist in the wind and then burst in late smell like a piss seaside donkey . ( special need ) ` the british be come ' ? toby ( feel he 's take enough now ) so I turn up late to the meeting Simon . I be sorry . but it 's not like I throw up in there . page 54 62 con tinue D : 62 simon no you be right . I should be thanking you for not throw up . well do . you be a star . you do not wet yourself , you be in the right city , you do not say anything overtly racist , you do not pull you dick out and start pluck it and shouting ' willy banjo ' . no I be be unfair , you get so much right . without actually be there for the beginning of one of the biggest meeting of my career . you be a legend . a uncomfortable beat . toby that be just - the first bit be it ? we be go back in do you ... think ? simon we would barely say hello . I have have mugging that have last longer than that . we really only speak about flammable cheese . liza come out , pass by . Toby mouth `shit ' to himself . liza ( look at a list on she desk , then to a staffer ) be this all request to get on the committee ? what 's go on ? do someone post a invite on Facebook ? I be drown in Senators . it 's Senator soup here . toby hi liza . they be uncomfy with each other . liza hey Toby . Toby get up for a private word . toby ( be last night ) you feel okay ? liza yes , I be feel fine . why be you late ? toby because ... you know ... you do not wake I up . page 55 62 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 62 liza you look so sweet . I think you know what you be do . toby I be asleep , of course I do not . that 's how people walk out of window . staffer ( ( hand over phone , call over ) hey liza , I have get another call about the Committee from Senator crudden 's office , he want in too . liza what be go on here ? fuck . why 's this my problem ? Toby you sure you do not do bad ? you do not mention the committee to anyone else ? toby nada . nada .. bad-da . nada -bada bing -bong ding-dang-dong . ( beat , she look at he ) I have no idea what I be say anymore I think I really be still quite drunk . Chad be pass . as liza turn away Toby 's face do a spasm of regret at he brazen lie . chad everyone be so hot for you paper . I be run off another ten copy . it 's spread like a virus , liza . you be in hot water . you be lobsterise . liza I do not feel that . chad it 's by degree . wafting . bisque . I smell lobster . can you smell lobster , Toby ? Simon call Toby back over . simon ( o.s. ) mate ! toby I need to ... liza sure . Toby go back to Simon page 56 62 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 62 liza ( cont 'd ) so , how far would you go with linton , you freaky little stalker ? downtown ? or all the way up brokeback Mountain ? 63 int . white house . smallish room - day 63 malcolm be arrive into a meeting room set up with water etc with a young man who look like a intern , a.j . a.j. how be you today ? beat the traffic ? malcolm look around , as if thing be not right . malcolm yeah yeah . hunky dory . can I get a coffee ? he give aj he coat . a.j. ( do not take coat then eventually do and just put it on a chair , not the coat stand ) sure , sure , if we get start , I will get my assistant to bring we some refreshment . malcolm ( realise ) you assistant ? a.j. ( sit , pick up a file in the room ) yeah . so , item . we need to have a conversation about the mood of the british parliament . any bump in the road ahead . malcolm I be sorry son , be I - be this it ? no offence , but should not you be at school with you head down a toilet ? a.j. you first point there , the offence . I be afraid I be gonna have to take it . you second point . I be 22 . but - item - it 's my birthday in nine day , so if it would be more comfortable we could ... wait ...? page 57 63 con tinue D : 63 malcolm do not get sarcastic with I son . ( start dialling ) we burnt this tight - arse city to the ground in 1814 and I be all for do it again . start with you , you frat fuck . you get sarcastic with I again and I will stuff so much cotton wool dowm you fuck throat it will come out of you arse like the wee tail on a playboy bunny . okay ? I think ... I be lead to believe I be attend the war committee . a.j. yes , Assistant Secretary of State linton barwick want I to brief you on the work of the future Planning Committee . malcolm I do not want the bullshit son , I want the bull . no one sideline I . I be away . malcolm get up , grab he coat . a even young guy wheel in a coffee trolley . malcolm ( cont 'd ) and here we go - the fuck vice President have also grace we with he presence ! malcolm run out , on the phone . malcolm run out of the White House . 64 ext . albert embankment - day 64 judy power walk / jogging on the phone to malcolm . malcolm ( ovv ) where be the fuck war committee meeting ? judy Simon 's go to the war committee I think you know ? malcolm ( ovv ) I think I be go to the war committee ? tell I where the fuck it 's happen ! page 58 64 con tinue D : 64 judy it 's on the 7th floor in room 712 . ( beat ) oh malcolm , do you like how I be tell you what 's go on where you be ? malcolm ( ovv ) well let I tell you what 's go on where you be sweet heart , a certain vinegar face maniplulative cowbag be about to find that she 's out of a fuck job ... judy hang up . 65 int . state department - day 65 Simon and Toby be look through magazine and papers . Karen be exite she office with a entourage . simon here she come - shit - look like we be meeting , look like we be have a meeting ! toby ( as she pass , be magazine ) ... and if you look ... at the line they take in Newsweek - that 's very much ... another narrative . karen see you at the committee . simon ( like he 's busy ) yeah , yeah sure , see you in a mo . just finish off some stuff . ( to Toby loud ) okay , we be all do there . let 's roll . Toby look at he . as they get up and follow she at speed , trip to keep up . toby ( quiet ) I do not think you can say that anymore here . they do not like that . simon shut up . follow they . do not lose they . let rock . page 59 65 con tinue D : 65 they follow Karen around a corner and she disappear into a set of door , they follow she through , but it be the vestibule before a toilet door . Karen look at they . karen hello ? simon hello . karen be you join I or shall I see you there ? simon see you there . I do not need to ... do any of the thing you need to go in there to do , so I will just see you there . Karen go into the toilet . Simon and Toby head off look sheepish . as they head out of the vestibule . there be a gaggle of Karen hanger - on . Chad - type staffer look to get in with Karen . 66 int . committee room 712 - day 66 linton be with adriano , quietly horrify by all this people . General Miller pass they . linton ( for Miller 's benefit ) we seem to be overrun with insurgent here , Bob . general miller hi , I be in seat 204 , row W. will I be able to see the big screen from there ? oh , and can I get one of that big pointy foam hand with ` go , monster truck ! ' write on it ? linton the general be on rare form , very rare form . Toby spot he hero . toby there he be . General George Miller . simon ( and ...? ) right , yep . there he be . page 60 66 con tinue D : 66 but the room be rapidly fill with body and din . more and more people be turn up . Toby 's view of Miller be obscure . toby that 's the second time in 24 hour I have have a partially obscure view of he . 67 int . SMALL committee room . day . 67 linton call the over-stuffed , stand - room - only room to order . linton okay , due to the fact that seemingly everyone in the world who own a suit have turn up for this meeting , we will be relocate to a bigger room . room 720 . so , if you will be so kind ... the committee member file out . 68 ext . WASHINGTON STREET no state department - day 68 malcolm be legging it down the street . 69 int . larger committee room 720 - day 69 the committee member file in . Miller go close up to linton . general miller just so you know -- Karen and I do not appreciate have to sneak around like mulder and scully try to find out about this committee . linton well , you be both here now . John and Yoko . general miller you and I need to talk , mano - a- mano , cock on the block , about how thing be operate around here at the moment . linton not faze by this . linton sure . how about 12:30 tomorrow , my office ? page 61 69 con tinue D : 69 general miller good . General Miller take he seat . linton turn on adriano . linton what the hell happen ? adriano I have no idea how they all hear sir . there must have be a leak . General Miller be sit next to Karen . they be watch linton have angry word with adriano . general miller look at adriano . poor fuck . he look like he 's with he daddy : " sorry , Bob , you be adopt . from a couple with hereditary heart defect . " karen " and you mother only ever keep you baby clothes for the purpose of voodoo . " Simon be sit with Toby , marvel at the number of people cram into the room . simon I be room meat again . this be a massive abattoir of room meat . stay outside tobe , I need a guy on the outside . make friend with Chad , that boy from the shine . he know stuff . Pump he . toby oh no . I want to stay in here with Miller . do not make I pump Chad . simon I be make you pump Chad . go on . Toby get up to leave . simon ( cont 'd ) it will be easy peasy lemon squeezy . toby no it will not . it will be difficult difficult lemon difficult . Toby reluctantly leave , try to grab another peek at Miller . page 62 70 ext . WASHINGTON STREET no state department - day 70 malcolm run like a madman . 71 int . larger committee room 720 - day 71 everyone be finally assemble . the room have thirty or so people in it . linton so , welcome to this , somewhat engorge session of the future Planning Committee . you can all see a agenda ? people be look at they agendas , low - level chatter , pour of water , etc . - a general pre-meeting feel . karen Assistant Secretary -- here on point 6 , it feel like there 's a assumption that we will be invade . should we talk about the practical ? I mean this be the war committee after all ? linton it 's the future Planning Committee . karen unofficially it 's know as the war committee . linton well , unofficially we can call anything whatever we like . ( he hold up a water glass ) unofficially , this be a shoe . but it 's not a shoe , Karen , it 's a glass of water , and this be the future Planning Committee . 72 int . state department . 7th floor - day 72 malcolm be run down the corridor . he run into room 712 . it 's empty . malcolm bitch ! 73 int . big committee room . day . 73 Karen be talk . page 63 73 con tinue D : 73 karen but what I be ask be have a decision be reach in principle to advocate invasion ? linton that 's way off agenda Karen . although it would seem a general consensus may be form . karen what make you say that ? linton well I note with interest the recent comment of we colleague Simon Foster in that regard . Simon be texting under the desk and not really pay full attention . he hear he name , look up , wave to the group . he do not clock Karen 's intense look that say ` you be go to rebut that , be not you ? ' karen perhaps Mr. Foster would have something to say about that ? simon ( politely ) I be just ... watch with interest . in Britain we have a say for complicated situation such as this , which be that it 's ( he can not believe he 's go to say this ) ` difficult , difficult , lemon , difficult . ' he go back to he text . linton as I say it seem a consensus be form . karen ( furious ) that 's just ridiculous . you have no basis for say that . linton Karen , please , calm down . we do not want you to have another hemorrhage . item one . page 64 int . state department - day 74 74 it 's lunchtime . lot of staffer have leave they desk . a few be eat sandwich at they desk , or read a newspaper during lunch . Chad be email , read , multi - tasking , from a corner of desk near linton 's office . toby so - do you want to go out and get some lunch ? chad be you kid ? lunchtime be work time . toby yes , what a incredibly depress motto . you see you be play into the hand of the french say that . Toby mooches around , peer in linton 's office . he spot a couple of a4 sheet of paper that have be print out with ` climb the mountain of conflict ! ' across they as a encourage slogan on the wall . toby ( cont 'd ) ( look in ) Jesus . chad yeah work hour be too valuable - for networking . you gotta get in at like 6 work till 8.30 then start make that connection baby . ( he click he finger rapidly , annoyingly ) email and admin at lunch . see if you can play some strategic racquetball through the pm . then in the six till midnight slot chow down on some serious policy work . toby right . and what - friend , family , novel , sexual inter - course you be go to save that for you thirty and forty ? 75 int . state department . corridor / bathroom - day 75 malcolm arrive at the committee just as people be spilling out . he 's piss off . follow linton into bathroom . malcolm be you fuck I about ? page 65 75 con tinue D : 75 linton Mr tucker , be not it ? hello again . malcolm you might pull this kind of stunt on some young wank fresh up from Oklahoma , happy to be get he hooker pay for by tobacco lobbyist , but not I . linton what seem to be the problem ? malcolm I have just have a briefing from a 9 - year - old finalist in Americas get talent . I think he may have be a ventriloquist . or possibly the fuck dummie . linton aj ? he be one of my top guy . stanton College prep , Harvard ... he 's smart and he 's great at he job . malcolm his fuck briefing note be write in alphabetti spaghetti . when I leave I nearly trip over he umbilical cord . linton I be sorry if it trouble you that we people achieve excellence at a young age . Simon be emerge . linton take malcolm to one side , out of Simon 's earshot . linton ( cont 'd ) by the way , you prime minister inform I that he 's task you with collate some fresh british intel for we . malcolm yeah , apparently you fuck master race of gift toddler can not quit get the job do in between breast feed and play with they power ranger . so yeah , we be get some actual grow - up to bail you out . Simon get closer . linton move in . linton ( to Simon ) Minister , thank you so much for you support and you recent " climb the mountain of conflict " comment - great . we be go to run with that , it have great repeatability . page 66 75 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 75 simon thanks very much , but ... it 's all a bit complex really , in term of my ... linton pull away , start walk off . linton it 's early day , my friend . all road lead to munich . he smile and walk off . malcolm what the fuck do that mean ? ` all road lead to munich ' ? simon well it just mean ... I guess , I do not know what it mean . malcolm ` all road lead to munich ' ? malcolm be piss off , look around . he be not the centre of attention . he 's feel cut out . malcolm ( cont 'd ) come on let 's go , get back to the hotel , nick as many coat hanger as you can . we be off back to London . 76 ext . WASHINGTON STREET 76 malcolm , Toby , and Simon be head towards they car . they see the Washington monument in the distance . simon it 's beautiful . toby if you pull it out , America deflate . malcolm do not mock that ! the close you will come to get one of that be buy a toblerone . ( look at blackberry ) Mark hadley 's dad 's die . simon oh no . should we send Mark a card ? malcolm Nah , I will send he a ouija board so they can keep in touch . page 67 76 con tinue D : 76 simon so what be we get back to ? apart from a nice cup of tea and some knife crime ? toby constituency surgery in northampton . simon great , meeting my constituent . it 's like be Simon cowell , but without the ability to say , ` fuck off , you be mental . ' 77 int . constituency office . day . 77 toby and simon be with Simon 's constituency agent , roz , she 's ushere they into the small , damp little constituency office . roz 's arm be in a sling ( jo scanlon 's arm actually be in a sling ) and she have difficulty open the door roz ( to Simon ) sorry , could you ...? you just need to kick the bottom quite hard . Simon kick the bottom of the door to unstick it . roz open the door . there be a few constituent wait to see Simon , he nod a hello . simon ( roz have go ahead , this be to Toby ) look at they . they all have that smell .... like a charity shop , you know ? ( to constituent ) afternoon ! a couple of the wait constituent respond . they go through to another little office . roz right , here you go , you be pretty book up - there 's a list on the desk . I be just go to have a look at the gutter . simon I be just back from America , so it be pretty tough to make it up here - but you know . that 's I . roz of course . right . how be the President ? page 68 77 con tinue D : 77 she 's head off . simon good actually . toby and what be the White House like ? simon blown up by spaceship . 78 int . state department - day 78 General Miller &amp ; aide up stair 79 int . state department - day 79 General Miller ( and a aide or two ? ) march into linton and Karen 's section of State . he 's get a meeting schedule . he 's a man on a mission . he march straight past Bob adriano ... miller ( by way of explanation ) twelve -thirty . bob adriano um , hold on General ... and into linton 's office . but - it 's empty . miller what the fuck ? bob adriano yeah , Secretary linton barwick want I to let you know he last - meeting look like it 's over-run . he send apology . Miller stand there for a beat . very very annoyed . miller he stand I up ? they be better be a fuck good reason . like he 's dead . that be just plain fuck rude . I mean , how would he like it if I just do a big hairy shit on he desk ? bob adriano you be very w-welcome to wait , we have newspaper and periodicals ? page 69 79 con tinue D : 79 he gesture to a seating area . Miller pick up a magazine . roll it up , look at Bob adriano . might Miller , possibly , hit he ? miller yeah well excuse I if at this time of national crisis I do not sit with a thumb up my ass flipping through time magazine eat pop tart ? ( he head off fast - not quite sure where he 's go , call back as he go ) tell he to call I . but he might not get through cos I be a fuck busy man . he find himself head into Karen 's office . it 's empty . he stand there for a beat . shut the door . look around . pick up a hole punch . kick the couch . Karen enter , surprised to find he there . karen hey , what be it ? miller yeah - can I hang around in here for a while ? karen er. sure . why ? miller do I need a fuck reason ? ( beat , calming down ) linton 's play I like a fuck turkey drumstick on a big bass drum . karen look , I be go to order food , do you want to eat . miller yeah . order we some cute mammal . alive . a lamb or a piglet so I can snap it 's fuck neck . int . constituency surgery - day 80 80 Simon listen behind a desk . roz be there take note . Toby be in the corner work on a laptop . page 70 80 con tinue D : 80 mrs mcdairmid my point be - if the septic tank - if we do not know it be there in the first place how can we be responsible for it now ? simon yes . no. I understand . mrs mcdairmid it 's under the communal drive . why should we get it pump ? roz ( look through the paperwork ) well it 's not a council sceptic tank so they be not legally oblige to pump it ... mrs mcdairmid look , accord to the paperwork there 's four metric ton of of shit under there . that 's not all I , be it ? I be not a flipping elephant be I ? simon no , of course not . nor should you be treat like one . okay , Mrs mcdairmid . leave it with I . I be sure there must be a way through this . alright ? Mrs kendrick head out . roz er , Colin lowe . simon Jesus . still on about bendy bus ? ( think ) no. tell he no . what else ? Toby close the laptop . roz pauline michaelson 's son about the constituency office wall . Toby exit to get coffee as roz bring in paul michaelson . paul michaelson ( as he enter ) hi , thanks for see I Mr. Foster . simon hi Paul , call I Simon . you have meet roz . page 71 80 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 80 paul michaelson I know I have . simon Lovely . paul michaelson okay , Simon , I will try to keep it brief because I can see you be a busy man . there 's a bloke out there want to make it illegal to talk in a foreign language in shop . simon yes , well , this place can become a magnet for the mentally dispospess . and for sensible people like yourself , Paul . paul michaelson patronise . roz why do not you explain you issue , Mr michaelson ? paul michaelson I ... sorry , be this a joke ? how many time ? for the fourth f... ing time . ( as to a idiot ) the side wall . of this property . you wall . be fall over . on to my mum 's garden . she call you up - but she get fobbed off by you people . because she 's not Lord snooty in he posh car . because she 's not madonna on a horse . simon that ... I agree , it 's unacceptable . Toby come back in , hand Simon a coffee . paul michaelson do you know what this be ? ( he hum something irritate ) that 's you constituency office hold music . I do not want it in my head , do I ? simon ( check note ) we do arrange to get a quote from a builder , but ... roz have a call on the landline . page 72 80 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 80 roz patch from London . they say it 's urgent . Karen Clark ? be she the coracle woman ? simon right . Paul , I really need to take this , but I have not forget about you , okay ? paul michaelson no , well I be not go anywhere , Simon . you will not be able to forget I because I will be sit here stare at you . simon Toby , can I hand Paul over to you ? paul michaelson " can I fob Paul off with you ? " Simon go elsewhere in the room to take he call . toby so , Paul , where be we up to ? ( off Paul 's scary look ) I be out get coffee . sorry . he grab a pen and paper . 81 int . karen' office' office - day 81 ( change scene order ) later . General Miller be with Karen . they be surround by carton of chinese take - out . general miller ( flick through liza 's paper ) see , this be the problem with civilian want to go to war . when you have be there you do not want to go back unless you absolutely have to . it 's like France . karen ( be the paper in it 's red folder ) you finally read liza 's paper ? general miller course , I read it . I be a voracious reader . I be the fuck Gore vidal of the Pentagon . ( point at a spring roll ) you do not want that ? page 73 81 con tinue D : 81 karen yes I want that . ( point to various package ) I want that , that , that , that and that . that I do not care about . and this let 's pack up and drop on North Korea . general miller ( beat , read ) someone should leak this . outside liza see they discuss she paper animatedly . it do not look good to she . karen someone maybe shape a little bit like you . general miller I ? be you kid ? karen you have more gravitas . general miller exactly . I be too senior . I can not leak . leak be for people like you liza and the Boy call it out there . ( eat ) it 's insane . not only be the case against war incredibly strong , the case for be caveat to hell . ( read ) " most analyst believe the state be look to expand aggressively beyond its border ... " then here in the caveat , the only source be ` Ice man ' - a possible alcoholic - who 's probably call that cos he get through ten bag / iceberg a day in he fuck vodka tonic . inr say we can not trust he . that 's we dispute we own finding . have linton read this ? karen I be not sure he read . you be a General . have he kill . general miller you see this be why we never get together . that and the hobo tooth . 82 int . state department /int . constituency surgery - day 82 Simon be talk to Karen . intercut phone call : page 74 82 con tinue D : 82 karen this be a private call right -- unrecord , secure line etc etc ? simon well , yeah . I mean , you lot be probably get it somehow , but we lot should not be . Paul michaelson call over . paul michaelson I be still here , Simon . karen what 's go on Simon ? simon departmental business . about a wall . karen Gaza ? simon uh-huh . what can I do for you ? karen where be you in the committee ? I call for back - up , you sit there like a dumb sack of shit . maybe worse , cos at a molecular level a bag of shit be probably fizzing with energy . simon well - okay . yes . um. well , I have to say Karen , I have a clear strategy here . I be play the long game . karen there be no long game . they have bounce we into a short game . you look like a ... what do you call it in England ? a ' wanker simon we do not call it that , no ... but she 's go . 83 int . constituency surgery - day 83 Toby 's still talk to Paul the wall guy . toby Paul , look , mate ... page 75 83 con tinue D : 83 paul michaelson patronise . toby sorry . but I be on you side . I have to look after my mum too . you do , or they get shaft do not they ? so ... Simon want to talk . roz take over . paul michaelson I be go to pursue this with , what do they call it ? extreme prejudice , to the very end . I can be enormously persistent . ask my ex-girlfriend . roz okay , well , I will take you detail . roz lead Paul away simon that guy 's a bit full - beam . toby full-beam ? simon yeah , full - beam . headlights . ( he open he eye wide to show what he mean ) I keep think , be he go to nut I . he appear not to be nutting I , but he might well nut I . toby so what do Karen Clark want ? simon do you think I come over as weak on the committee over there ? toby well , uh , no , of course not . I suppose - Simon 's phone go again . he wince pick up . 84 int . state department /int . constituency surgery - day 84 intercut phone call : karen also - the war committee get leak , and that leak come from you department . page 76 84 con tinue D : 84 simon I find that difficult to believe . karen I want action to be take . I want a head . on a plate . to go . phone call end : she hang up . simon ( to the phone ) you do not work here . you be not my boss . fuck off . you can not make I sack people . 85 int . dfid - day 85 Simon be get into he office - he and Toby be back from the constituency office . simon we need to talk in my office . judy about what ? simon ( patronise ) I think you know . a land line be ringing in the open plan office . Judy pick up . Simon have go into he office and have assume the bollock position . judy ( take call ) sorry , this be the wrong extension . I will put you through now . Judy punch a button on she phone . Toby 's land line start ringing . Simon come out . simon ( walk backwards into he office ) come , come into my office . judy why ? why do you need to see I ? toby ( to Judy ) what 's this ? page 77 85 con tinue D : 85 judy it 's the mad man about the wall . toby the war ? judy the wall . simon ( follow she out , exasperate ) can you come into my office so I can tell you off ? Toby answer he phone , resign . toby hello . can I help you ? malcolm sweep in , straight past Toby , slapping he on the back of the head as he pass . toby ( cont 'd ) you fucker . ( to phone ) no , not you . malcolm push Judy back into Simon 's office as she 's leave it , Simon behind Judy walk backwards to he desk , the three of they in a line . malcolm shut the door and unleash a torrent of abuse we can not hear . 86 int . paul michaelson's garden / int . dfid - continuous 86 Wall man Paul be on the phone , stand with a journalist by the offend wall , now badly propped up . the journalist be take note and photograph . intercut phone call : toby what can I do for you Paul ? paul michaelson this `temporary buttress ' you get put up . toby right ? paul michaelson they be basically a pair of twig . thin twig . page 78 86 con tinue D : 86 toby I be sure they be not twig . paul michaelson no they be twig . ( to journalist ) be you get a picture of that twig ? that wall could fall on my mum and crush she . do you know how old she be ? ( call off ) mum , how old be you ? I want to tell the newspaper guy . mum ( o.s. ) sixty . during this conversation malcolm arrive . malcolm I want a word with the minister and Charlotte Fucking bronte . paul michaelson you be never fuck sixty . you be older than that . sixty . how old be you really ? mum ( o.s. ) I be sixty . if it 's go in a newspaper , I be sixty . paul michaelson fuck off be you sixty . olivia Newton - John 's fuck sixty . and she 's not on the statin , be she ? toby could you tell you mum to stay away from the wall just for the time be ? paul michaelson she need to get to she plant . ( like Toby 's a idiot ) she have to water they . plant need water . toby no , sure , but could she use a hose , from a distance ? paul michaelson she do not have a hose , she 's get a water can . this be like talk to a brick wall about a brick wall . ( to journalist ) get that down , that 's gold . Toby can still see malcolm go ballistic at Simon and Judy in Simon 's office . page 79 87 int . state department - moment later 87 Karen run out of the lift . there 's even more of a buzz than usual , people run around . she see Bob adriano , linton and Chad in a huddle in linton 's air . hurries over to liza . karen liza , what 's up ? why be everyone run around ? this better be a fuck fire drill . liza the President have say he 's vetoing tarrif on chinese auto import . karen shit. Karen call over to a staffer , abbey . karen ( cont 'd ) Abbey , get I the president 's statement . abbey Mr barwick have ask I to ... Karen be beginning to lose it . karen you work to I , Abbey , you fuck work to I . get I the statement . or I will call security and have you escort off the premise via the window . Karen cross quickly to she office . liza follow . liza sorry , why be that ...? he 's ... what , butter the chinese up ? karen he need they to at least abstain in the security council . a beat . liza we be go to the UN . karen yes , we be go to the UN . liza shit . page 80 87 con tinue D : 87 Karen kick a waste- paper basket . karen I should be tell this fuck stuff ! I be go into linton 's office and pull the pin on he grenade . liza do not do that . karen I be fuck joke . liza oh . karen why do not you know about this ? liza well since I create the budget deficit the President do not tend to run thing by I anymore . karen do not get funny with I . I be not in the mood . liza no. I be get that . 88 int . malcolm' office - day 88 malcolm be with Simon and Toby . malcolm have a local northamptonshire paper . malcolm ( read ) " while Foster jet around at the taxpayer 's expense , he constituency headquarter 's wall 's collapse and he do not give a shit . simon it do not say that . malcolm ( hold up paper ) no but it say ` Wall - ace and gromitt ' simon Wall - ace though ? page 81 88 con tinue D : 88 malcolm you be be portray as the biggest twat in northamptonshire , and that 's go some . toby it be just a wall , malcolm . malcolm listen , my little stem cell , I do not want to be deal with this either , okay ? I have get bigger fuck fish to fry , believe I . I be roll blue whale in breadcrumb at the moment . I be give this to Jamie . simon oh great . the crossest man in Scotland . Jamie enter , hold another local rag . jamie well , if it be not Humpty -numpty ... simon what be this , surround bollock ? jamie with respect , I have not finish . if it be not Humpty - numpty , sit on top of a collapse wall like some clueless egg - cunt . simon hi Jamie . toby hello . jamie okay , that 's enough of the fuck oxbridge pleasantry . toby how be say " hello " a ... jamie ( grab a hole - puncher ) shut it , Love , actually , or I will hole - punch you face . malcolm right , I be off to deal with the fate of the planet , okay ? Simon , Toby and Jamie look at he . page 82 88 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 88 malcolm ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that 's arrogant . that be just a fuck fact . do not even look at I . ( to Jamie ) be gentle with they . jamie you know I , malcy , kid glove . make from real kid . malcolm leave . a awkward beat . jamie ( cont 'd ) right , butch and gaydance , this wall story be play badly . ( look in he paper ) look , here 's a cartoon of you as a walrus . simon a walrus ? I be not fat . I do not even have a moustache . toby look ... we hire some builder . they do not turn up when they say they would . jamie they be builder . what do you expect ?! have you ever see a film where the hero be a builder ? no. because they never turn up in the fuck nick of time . that 's why you never see a superhero with a hod . 89 ext . foreign office - a bit later 89 Simon and Judy on they way into the foreign office . malcolm have go in ahead . suzy chat on the stair with Toby . Simon draw Judy to one side . simon this be all get ... this be a really stressful job , you know that ? judy oh come on , you be not a brain surgeon , you be not a snooker player ... simon I do not want to back a war , Judy . page 83 89 con tinue D : 89 judy ( oh this be what it 's about ) oh. right . a beat . simon look , drop some hint , put some nod and wink out there , that I be toy with resignation . yeah ? see if the pm react . see how it play . judy put out some wink ? simon and nod . judy Big nod ? simon no , no , just sort of ... ( he do a small nod ) that sort of size nod . Judy nod . simon ( cont 'd ) no , not that much . judy no , I be just nodd normally to say I understand the need for a small nod . simon oh. good . they head in . 90 int . foreign office - day 90 in a nice room . malcolm be with Michael , suzy and a couple of other civil servant . malcolm so , my lovely friend , bottom line ... michael I hate that phrase . we be not in retailing malcolm sorry Michael , I promise never to use it again . ( mor E ) page 84 90 con tinue D : 90 mal colm ( cont 'd ) bottom line , be that the President be go to the UN , and the pm would like we to join he . this will be the voe to commence military action . so , Rob , innis , ( to Toby ) Little bo cock jockey ( to Judy ) and the leaky fuck mingebox , return to you desk and prepare for some extreme briefing . two civil servant get up and exit . Judy walk across the room and start make call , as do Toby . Michael walk off into the next room , suzy follow . they start call . malcolm ( cont 'd ) now then , you still get doubt , complicate Simon ? simon what the fuck , malcolm . this be all go to spin along from here and we have a vote and we go to war . we fight people , and kill they , and we kid get kill , and that 's exactly the sort of thing I do not want to do when I go into politics . that 's the opposite of what I want to be do . malcolm that 's why you have get to stay in government . in here you can influence thing , delay thing . out there you be just another mad shouty fucker people do not want to make eye-contact with . remember Mary ? she take a stand over Health . everyone decide she be mental . simon only because the Sun show a photo of she with wide eye and she head on a cow . malcolm I find that a very powerful image . ( a beat ) look , the Prime Minister of this country be not a Viking . he do not drink blood , he do not go round bite tramp . he do not go to chequer at the weekend for a bit of light raping and a pub lunch . simon I know the Prime Minister be not a Viking , malcolm . malcolm unlike I , the man abhor physical violence . ( mor E ) page 85 90 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 90 mal colm ( cont 'd ) he 's a grade a fuck pussy and he know you have similar concern and he want you input on this . yeah ? simon where 's the intelligence ? where 's the hard evidence ? malcolm listen , we have get evidence harder than a diamond dildo . we have intelligence so deep and hard it would fuck puncture you kidney . there 's a informant , ` Ice man ' , ok ? the stuff he 's give we ? it will make you blood run cold . and clot . you inside will turn to black pudding . ( lowering he voice ) ...now , certain box - licker be sit on it . but you be go to see it , because the pm regards you as a key player now . Judy 's mobile go . judy Judy molloy ? ( beat ) ten minute . thanks . ( to Simon ) Prime Minister want to speak to you in ten minute , Simon . he want you to go the UN . malcolm 's head out . malcolm see - you be a-list now . you be a Kennedy . in the VIP lounge , with the gold card and the complimentary drink and the hard - on . malcolm leave . a beat . simon ( shouting to malcolm ) show I the evidence , malcolm , that 's my fuck bottom line . judy so do you still want ... nod and wink ? Simon nod a little nod . then shake he head slightly . then nod a slight nod again . 91 int . westminster pub - day 91 suzy , Michael and Judy be have a drink in a pub . maybe they be sit in a four seater booth ? page 86 91 con tinue D : 91 they phone be on the table . as be a bottle of sancerre . Judy 's get she power walk trainer on and she rucksack with she . michael cheer everyone . here 's to survive another day . they clink glass . judy my theory be malcolm build Jamie in a lab out of bit of old psychopath . Toby arrive , dump he coat , bag , put he phone on the table . toby hello lady . suzy and gentleman . toby ( do the joke again ) hello lady . I be just go to - michael oh. Lovely . I think we could have another bottle of sancerre . toby great . suzy if you can afford it . judy if you can get serve at the bar . he go to the bar . his phone get a text . suzy pick it up , read it . suzy Fucking hell . here we go again . Fucking arsehole . michael you be kid ? what 's it say ? ( peer at the phone ) woah ! suzy show the phone to Judy . judy what a twat . ( beat ) what be you do ? be you replying ? page 87 91 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 91 suzy 's texting on Toby 's mobile . Toby 's come back . suzy put the phone back down . toby yeah I would not want to meet Jamie in a dark alley . or a bright alley . the whole thing of just be in a alley with he would be scary , regardless of the lighting . suzy cut in . suzy you have get a text . toby ( read , cover ) oh yeah . it 's just Rob about football . suzy so , liza . you shag she ? toby what ? no . suzy ( to Judy ) do you know my flakey boyfriend have be get he flakey end away ? judy I do not know anything about he flakey end . toby could we not talk about accusation and , health issue , in the pub ? judy I should go . suzy you have not finish you drink . judy no . I mainly have . suzy why do you do it ? toby I do not know , it be a weird , intense time over there . it be ... maybe , subconsciously , I do not know , it be a kind of last ditch attempt to stop this , awful ... war . page 88 91 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 91 a beat . Michael and Judy dissolve into laughter . michael that 's classic . that 's definitely go in the memoir . suzy you have sex because of the war ? toby in the broad sense . ( to Judy and Michael ) sorry , can you stop do that ? can we go somewhere where they be be not enormous child eat snack ? judy I should go . suzy actually I will go . she go . Toby go after she . michael ( a beat ) shall we stay ? judy I should go . I have get a long walk ahead of I . but that will keep I go . 92 int . toby's flat - evening 92 Toby let himself into the flat . go through to the kitchen . suzy be there with Michael . toby what the fuck be he do here ? suzy what ?! what the fuck be you do here ? toby well I live here . suzy no you do not actually . ( to Michael ) I will go make that tea . suzy and Toby go into the kitchen . toby ( beat ) well , if I be leave , I be take my brie . ( mor E ) page 89 92 con tinue D : 92 tob y ( cont 'd ) and the port . and my nando 's peri-peri sauce . they go back out into the live room . suzy do not forget you hydrocortisone . toby you put this in you memoir as well ? michael I should go . suzy no , it 's fine . stay . 93 int . toby's flat - later 93 Toby be in the bedroom . a few box be lie around . he 's put clothes into bin liner . suzy be hover . Michael bring through some teas . the atmosphere be very frosty and awkward . toby where 's my needlecord jacket ? suzy you geography teacher 's jacket ? Toby think better of respond . start fold some shirt . Michael take over michael that 's not how you fold . toby Michael , this be one of the more humiliate moment of my life . I can pack a bag . michael the key to travel be pack . toby I be not go to fuck fiji Michael , I be be chuck out of my house . michael it will save time the other end . toby there be no other end . Toby move through to the kitchen to get he jeans . suzy and Michael follow . page 90 93 con tinue D : 93 suzy have she get big tit ? toby massive . enormous . you can see they on Google Earth . they have get they own postcode . Toby get he jeans and some other clothes . he 's laden down with box and bag and can hardly see . come out into the hall . suzy be there without Michael . toby ( cont 'd ) see you then . suzy okay . Toby struggle to open the front door . suzy open it . Toby go to leave then stop . toby look , suzy , this be probably go to sound odd under the circumstance . suzy quickie ? toby no . thank you . but no . it 's about liza . suzy oh good tell I more , tell I more about she tit . toby listen , suze , liza write a paper , pwip - pip . I think , if it get leak , it could stop the war . he hold out the memory stick . michael good tactic . get earnest . I try that with the wife . do not work . suzy you be such a fuck coward , you know that ? and this be what ? a make up leak ? toby do such a thing exist ? page 91 93 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 93 suzy Toby , take you rubbish clothes and you back issue of mojo , you flute , and you eighth of dope and leave I the fuck alone . Toby leave the memory stick in the flat . then head out . 94 int . car - day 94 Simon , Toby and Judy be on the way to heathrow . simon should I resign ? I have float that I might , when I think I would not , so it will look convincing if I do . I mean , do you think , be it brave to just resign and say , ` no , no war ' ? judy yes . simon or be it actually brave to say , ` I do not agree , but I be go to grit my tooth and get on with it ? ' be the really brave thing actually do what you do not believe ? judy no . toby though -- maybe ? what 's brave about do the `right thing ' ? nothing . do the wrong thing be brave . in a way . I mean , you know , war sometimes work . the War of Independence , that work . for the Americans . second World War . that be a good idea . I mean not a good idea but ... simon I know what you mean . and the crimean War -- we get nurse out of that . toby nurse be good . simon ( as if they have achieve something ) exactly . so ...right. exactly . judy so you be not resign ? page 92 94 con tinue D : 94 simon no , I .. ( try to change the subject ) where 's malcolm ? 95 int . airport arrival - day 95 Judy , Simon and Toby be walk past a baggage carousel . simon ( conspiratorially to Toby ) in the motorcade . let 's get a car without Judy . toby you want hooker ? you like hooky fucky ? simon I want to talk about the resign thing . toby still ? simon but with you and not she . she have this air of moral righteousness that inhibit you from ... say anything morally wrong . 96 int . limo - day 96 Simon and Toby look very uptight . malcolm 's with they . malcolm ( look at phone ) so . the wire be all currently report that you be go to resign from government over the war . simon what ? that be not suppose to get outside . malcolm yeah well it be outside . it 's lurking outside like a big hairy rapist at a coach station . Simon look to Toby for help . malcolm ( cont 'd ) do you know , if I could I would punch you into total paralysis . page 93 int . UN build - day 97 97 malcolm , Simon , Toby and Judy be be lead through a bleak , soulless basement corridor in the UN by Sir Jonathan tutt , the british ambassador to the UN . sir jonathan hello , gentleman , Sir Jonathan tutt . this be it . the United Nations . simon it 's all a bit `blurrrgh ' , be not it ? judy it could do with a few more scatter cushion and a bit less asbestos . sir jonathan I do not know what you be expect -- jacobean panell perhaps , arabesque of stonework tracery ... great fountain ... malcolm it 's a shithole . it look like a hospice for robot . they pass a big office . sir jonathan linton barwick be in there . Karen Clark be there . you be right here . Sir Jonathan show they to they office . sir jonathan ( cont 'd ) if you need anything , just whistle . you know how to whistle do not you malcolm ? you just put you lip together and blow . malcolm and Toby look at one another . sir jonathan ( cont 'd ) right . I be off upstairs to the informal delegate ' reception . hope there 's nibble , I be ravenous . Sir Jonathan leave . malcolm nibbles ? who still say nibble ? toby fuck the nibble , what be with the homoerotic tension ? malcolm get a call . page 94 97 con tinue D : 97 malcolm Jamie . hello ? he look at he phone . malcolm ( cont 'd ) no fuck signal down here . Jesus . I would be better off in a internet cafe in kircoddy . he leave the room . 98 int . number 10 - same time 98 Jamie be on the phone , run down a corridor . jamie okay , you phone 's off , which mean you have be shot dead by a fat american , but there 's be a fucktastrophe . someone 's leak liza weld 's pwip pip paper to the BBC . I reckon it will be on the six o'clock news here , one o'clock you time , so it 's go to fist you fuck vote apart . miss you load , pwip-pip , toodle - oo ! 99 ext . UN build - day 99 malcolm finish listen to he voicemail , dialling and run back into the building , push past a crowd of smoker at the doorway . malcolm okay Jamie , two job . one : find the pwip pip leaker and kill they . that 's one job . job one have two part . job two : stop pwip pip come out . sow enough seed of fear and doubt that the fat arse at the BBC dither till after the vote , okay ? after the vote enola Gay be clear for take - off and everything be groovy . I love you . 100 int . UN function room / bar - continuous 100 lot of delegate drink and eat and chat . we glimpse linton , Karen , General Miller . Sir Jonathan be there , mingling . malcolm approach Simon , Toby , Judy and Sir Jonathan . page 95 100 con tinue D : 100 malcolm ( to Sir Jonathan ) do not move from this spot or I will fuck stab you . sir jonathan hm ? malcolm ( to Simon ) be it you ? simon no , what ? no . malcolm but you know what I be talk about ? simon no , but whatever it be I do not do it . malcolm ( to Toby ) be it you , the - baby - from - eraserhead ? toby no . malcolm ( to Judy ) so it must have be you woman from the crying game ? judy it be not I . you have really get it in for I have not you ? malcolm someone 's drop a bollock in the noodle and I reckon it be you . judy we have do this all before . you accuse I of leak last time and it be not I . malcolm yeah well I know you do not leak last time . but what I reckon be you get so pissy about be accuse , you leak this time . toby yeah . yeah , that do sound possible . judy look springer spaniel , keep you little wet nose out alright ? page 96 100 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 100 toby I be just say psychologically speak that sound plausible - that you might build up a resentment and then pay it off in some underhand way . that 's just something I have observe . malcolm 's have enough go over and grab Sir Jonathan , mid-conversation , and manhandle he away . malcolm come on , baldermort , I need a word . meanwhile Judy and Toby be leave alone - Toby embarrassed about he comment . toby ( they look at each other ) sorry about that - it 's just ... ( mumble ) something I have observe . judy wanker . it 's okay . it 's fine . it 's probably just the stress of this awful , awful war . malcolm drag the ambassador into a corner . malcolm we be in a new reality now and you have get to speed thing up . sir jonathan what thing ? speed up what ? malcolm the debate . it need to start at eleven o'clock , not one thirty . sir jonathan hehe . can I perhaps briefly explain the way the process work ? and why that be not possible ? you see through that door there be a number of secretariat that be currently do what we call the wash up now ... malcolm just fuck do it , fishlip . otherwise you will find yourself in some medieval warzone in the caucasus with you arse in the air , try to persuade a group of man in balaclavas that sustained sexual violence be not the way forward . page 97 100 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 100 sir jonathan no , it can not be . I mean it could be do , it just can not . malcolm then I will do it . ( motion to a door ) they be through there ? sir jonathan yes but you can not go in , that would be a serious breach of protocol ... he 's block malcolm . malcolm grab he hand . malcolm then you do it . get in there . he be almost man-handle he in . sir jonathan I be not dance with you malcolm . malcolm I be lead , look follow my lead . sir jonathan you be not dance I into the secretariat ! Jonathan break off and under he own steam prepare to go in . as malcolm be leave Miller block he path . malcolm where 's the intel ? be you sure you be work as hard as I ? cos I be sweat spinal fluid here . I be a husk . miller you get everything you need ? malcolm ( in a hurry ) oh yeah I think so . thanks . ( a beat , think ) oh , whoa whoa whoa just a wee moment General flintstone . be it you ? do you leak pwip pip ? I know you can not fire a gun , but can you use a fax ? miller no , see , because I be upfront about what I do . I do not creep around like some fuck gay mercenary do other people 's dirty work . page 98 100 con tinue D : ( 4 ) 100 malcolm I be do my own work . I be do my job . miller uh-hu . I think you be do linton 's dirty work . I think you be he English bitch and if I walk into you hotel room tonight I would find you on all four in fishnet and he hang out the back of you . malcolm oooo. tough talk from the armchair General . what you go to do ? throw a cushion at I ? put you foot up on a poof and go back to sleep why do not you ? general miller listen , tucker , you may be some scary poodlefucker back in London , but here ? you know what you look like ? a fuck squeeze dick . you get a blue vein run all the way up to you temple there . that 's where I would put the fuck bullet . but I would stand well back . you look like you would be a squirter . malcolm have you ever even kill anybody ? really ? general miller yep . malcolm falling asleep on someone do not count . general miller ( closer ) I have do my share . how many you kill , pussy drip ? malcolm personally , I prefer maim . general miller go on , tough guy , take a swing at I . I will smack you so fuck hard you will be shitting tooth . malcolm go ahead . I can see the headline now . ' peace -love General start fight in UN , swiss intervene ' . I do not know , I be no expert on spin but could that hurt you career ? page 99 100 con tinue D : ( 5 ) 100 they eyeball each other . be Miller go to hit he ? he do not . malcolm ( cont 'd ) right . do excuse I . I have get work to do . oh , and do not ever call I fuck English again . 101 int . UN conference room - day 101 Sir Jonathan walk in . a lot of face be turn towards he , expectantly . sir jonathan hello everyone . I be wonder if I might suggest a cheeky early vote ? bit of a adventure . maybe , we could knock off early , go for a drink ? ha. I be kid . or be I ? no , I be . 102 int . karen clark UN office - day 102 Karen and Miller be look at a computer screen , presumably read about Simon 's float resignation . karen ( look at computer ) there it be . Simon 's go . everyone 's say he 's go . Simon pass they open door . general miller ( spot Simon ) Simon ! there he be ! simon. ( be internet ) this be great shit . I be not sure you have the nerve . you be resign ? simon ah okay . they be not run with that ? I have not say that . general miller you be not resign ? karen you be still play the hawk ? simon it 's much subtler than that . it 's nuanced . I be play a much cleverer game than that . I be a ( whisper ) fake hawk . page 100 102 con tinue D : 102 general miller I be sorry ? simon ( whisper ) Fake hawk . general miller you be a fake hawk ? you be a fuck idiot . you be not a fake idiot be you . Karen and Miller go into a confab . Karen and Miller immediately go into a huddle and start plan Simon 's future . karen ( to General Miller , as if Simon 's not there ) we could just tell the press he 's go anyway . say he 's confirm to we that he 's resign . simon sorry ? general miller I second that . simon what ? you can not . general miller do we announce it before or after the vote ? karen during . then he can not do anything about it . general miller great . that 's decide then . simon no . no it 's bloody not . I be - I . you be not I . I decide about all the main thing about I , okay ? not you . me. general miller no. no Simon . I be afraid not . not on this one . this be too big for you . karen be realistic . you be be use . we all be . the one thing we can do now to influence thing be to resign . sacrifice ourselves . that 's we only weapon . page 101 102 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 102 simon like a suicide bomber ? general miller no , not like a suicide bomber . a suicide bomber get to make a decision . 103 int . another UN office - day 103 Toby and liza be sit near each other on the floor work on laptop . they be at right - angle to each other . Toby have a view of liza . she 's face away from he . toby listen , I be really sorry about suzy and the texting and ... liza good . thanks . do you have figure there for cfe minimum requirement ? toby er ? liza conventional force in Europe . toby sure . I will just dig that out . ( beat , tap on he laptop , then very quietly ) look it be a very special evening for I and ... liza ( piss off ) sorry ? what ? you be mumble . toby I just wander if tonight when all this shit be over we could not - you know . you be single . I be single now . you be a woman . I be not . liza you want to have sex again ? toby it 's not a terrible idea be it ? one more . for the gipper ? liza you know what a douchbag be Toby ? you be a douchbag on fuck wheel . page 102 103 con tinue D : 103 toby thanks . that be short and sweet . well , short and sour . 104 int . UN meditation room - day 104 Simon be sit in the Meditation room , a stark chapel - like room with a big piece of granite in the middle of it . he 's bite he nail , think . Judy come in . judy you okay ? simon I be think of become a suicide bomber . judy that 's certainly a very powerful way of get you point across . he pull out some mint . simon would you like a mint ? judy I be okay thanks . be you think to overdose on mint ? because ... Simon eat a mint . he 's lose in he own world . stare , maybe slightly nodd at the thought in he own head . simon do you like I Judy ? judy you be my boss . simon yeah , but do you actually like I . a beat . judy sure . look , I will leave you to you thought . page 103 104 con tinue D : 104 simon I have not get any thought . I be just stare vacantly into space while a distant voice in the back of my head go " oh shit " like a car alarm in the middle of the night . Simon eat another mint . sit there noisily suck it . Judy leave . 105 int . foreign office - day 105 Michael and suzy be sit talk in a fo office . Jamie burst in . jamie be it you ? michael sorry ? jamie not you . I know it be not you , you be too fuck horny for you knighthood . ( to suzy ) be it you ? suzy be what I ? jamie be it fuck you !? answer the question ! michael she can not very well answer the question if you do not tell she what it be , can she ? jamie fuck off to you room , Count of cunty cristo , this be between I and she . ( to suzy ) you leak liza weld 's paper to the BBC . tell I you leak it . suzy I do not leak anything . I do not know what you be talk about . jamie you be lie . you touch you nose . that 's what 's call a `tell ' . you be lie . page 104 105 con tinue D : 105 suzy no I be not . jamie ` no I be not . ' that 's a tell as well . classic . ( change tack to terror ) I know the leak come from here , from this fuck fax machine here . he push a fax casually off the table onto the floor . jamie ( cont 'd ) this be what I be do to the machine . ( he kick it , hard till bit start to break off , but he 's still quite control talk , as he kick more ) you see ? this be how angry I be with the piece of office equipment which leak this document , so can you imagine how angry I be with the person who do it ? yeah ? can you suzy ? he kick the fax machine again . michael it be I . jamie oh fuck off . do not come over all spartacus now . michael I leak it . jamie what ? advance on Michael , become aware of the music . Jamie point to the CD player . jamie ( cont 'd ) okay for a start turn that fuck row off . it 's just fuck vowel . listen to it . just subsidise fuck foreign vowel . you only listen to that shit because it 's bad form to actually wear a big hat that say " I go to private school " . Michael do not turn it off , so Jamie do . jamie ( cont 'd ) who do you leak it to ? page 105 105 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 105 michael I just send it . I think it be important so I send it through . jamie ( consider then , ) ok . see this fax machine ? ( kick ) that 's you career . I be pretty sure it 's fuck . let I just check ( kick ) . yeah , it be . plus , breach of official secret , so that 's fuck swannee . maybe you can get a part time job in West end as a gentleman 's fluffer . or whatever the fuck they call it this day . Jamie be head off . michael well , you know -- better to go out with a bang ... jamie no , no . I will not allow this to be a bang . this will be a whimper , a tiny pathetic whimper like a puppy be fuck by a big metal puppy -fuck machine . and they do exist , ico my gran 's get one . Jamie leave . 106 int . UN meditation room - day 106 malcolm and linton enter . we see Simon 's mint lie on the big stone in the middle of the room . linton so we be down to the wire here , Mr Miracle Worker , what have you get for I ? what intel have you rustle we up ? malcolm honestly ? I have not get it . we need more time . linton you have not get it ? can you delay the vote to give you time to get it ? malcolm no. I have have the vote bring forward . Simon come in to retrieve he mint . simon just get my mint . page 106 106 con tinue D : 106 linton I be tell you to delay the vote and get I some new intel . now . malcolm okay , quick reality check , J Edgar Fucking Hoover . I do not work for you . you do not tell I what to fuck do . linton well firstly , do not raise you voice . this be a sacred space . you may not believe that , I may not believe that , but by God it 's a useful hypocrisy . and secondarily you do work for I . you prime minister instruct you to work for I . malcolm glance at Simon . malcolm get you polo and fuck off . Simon stay where he be . linton start laugh . Toby enter , watch in amazement . linton the great malcolm tucker . one of you guy have leak a paper , you can not do anything . we tell you to get intel , you can not do anything . I need the vote put back - you can not do anything . you , sir , be a useless piece of ` S ' star star ` T ' . a beat . malcolm ( quietly , to Toby ) what do you want ? toby we have just hear -- the wall 's start to collapse . a brick have fall . that 's the news I be get . more to follow . both news and brick . linton laugh again . linton why do not you deal with that tucker ? a wall be fall down , that 's more you level . I can see you with you shirt off and a wheelbarrow whistling a happy song . linton walk out . page 107 106 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 106 simon you have be work for he ? malcolm it 's complicated , okay ? I have be juggling a number of responsibility . Simon stare at malcolm . he take a mint and pop it in he mouth . simon okay , well , right , after the vote , I resign . malcolm look . it 's too late now . resigning . it 's not worth it . the horse have bolt . it 's out there get shot now . simon I will see you later , malcolm . Simon exit . malcolm ( to Toby ) if you repeat this to anyone I will pull you leg off , break it in two and stab you to death with you break shin bone . now go away . Toby leave . malcolm sit down , head in he hand . 107 int . UN function room - same time 107 the delegate be still mingling . Toby be there now . Toby 's phone go . he answer . toby ( into phone ) suzy , how 's it go ? have Jamie be round ? right ... liza come over . liza this be you , be not it ? toby ( indicate himself ) this be I , yes . and that 's you . I think we have this work out . ( into phone ) ( mor E ) page 108 107 con tinue D : 107 tob y ( cont 'd ) sorry suze I have get a income call , I will ring back for a further bollock . liza I have get something big line up and you better not have fuck it up for I . liza leave . toby ( into phone ) hello ? oh hi , Paul . how 's it go ? no , yes , I know the wall be collapse . I be as frustrated as you be mate . the vice President start to walk by . Toby see he , want to shake he hand . toby ( cont 'd ) look , could I call you back Paul ? it 's just the vice President 's ... I could not ? no , okay , let 's keep talk ... the vice President have go . int . foreign office - same time 108 108 Michael and suzy in Michael 's office , classical music in the background . Michael 's clear he desk , put stuff in box . Jamie burst in on Michael and suzy , he phone still on . jamie right , Frank and Nancy Sinatra . I have get good news . you be not fire . that 's great news , be not it ? michael that sound ominous . jamie he 's fuck delighted . ( cancel phone ) we want to put liza weld 's pwip pip out there , properly . in the public domain . we just have to refine it a bit . suzy refine it ? jamie take out the con , change the name of the main informant . michael that 's a complete fabrication . page 109 108 con tinue D : 108 jamie change he name do not make a difference . the main source in there he 's not really call Ice man , be he ? " Mr and Mrs man , you have get a son , Ice . " so we change it , to another name . who 's the fuck with the fiddle ? the fiddlefuck . michael this be debussy , if that 's what you mean . jamie okay , we will call he debussy . michael no . jamie and then you will make a couple of other change . it will mean you fingerprint be on it , mikey , but it 's the only way to save you job , you leaky fuck . Michael be now scared of what he 's be ask to do . michael it be not I , Jamie , alright ? it be not I . do not make I do this . someone else must have come in and use the fax machine . jamie what ? oh , that thing about you fax ? do not worry about that . I make that up . the paper be send by e-mail . it ;s just , the fax machine be there and it ;s easier to kick . Michael look at suzy . she do not know what to say or do . jamie ( cont 'd ) ( grab Michael ) come on deuce bigalow . you be come with I . he drag Michael out of the office . 109 int . UN corridor - day 109 on the close door of the Meditation room . malcolm suddenly burst out , re-energise , ready for action . he 's in the middle of a call . page 110 109 con tinue D : 109 malcolm yeah , BBC newsdesk please . malcolm tucker . ( beat ) Ben ? hi , how you do ? yeah , well , I be hearing you be prepare a story that we might not like . one of the door he push open have a coffee machine in it . Toby be there get a coffee . malcolm gesture to he to come along . Toby join malc in he jog through the corridor , spilling he coffee on he hand as he go and scalding himself . malcolm ( cont 'd ) I just want to say please , this garden wall story , please do not run with it . ( beat , wink at Toby - you get this ? ) Simon Foster 's constituency - office wall ? you have get that have not you ? I have not let the cat out of the bag ? shit. look , my reputation will be in tatter if you run with ... ( to Toby ) and he 's go . boo hoo . I have get a hard on . toby can we stop run because my hand be really rather badly burn now . they stop . malcolm I know it be you who leak linton 's War Committee . toby oh? right. ( try it out for size ) it be not ? malcolm be you tell I it be not you ? be that you proposition ? be that want you want to say if I ask they to fly you to Diego Garcia and slip a hood over you head and carry out a cavity search ? toby ( cover ) I do not actually recall . it be a busy time . malcolm that 's more like it . so ... you be now on probation . okay ? ( mor E ) page 111 109 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 109 mal colm ( cont 'd ) I be give you a probationary period , which will last from today ... until the end of record time . toby okay . malcolm you be my guy now . I own you now . you be my kunte kinte . go and get you laptop . Toby go . malcolm push open another door . Sir Jonathan tutt be in there . malcolm ( cont 'd ) ah , ambassador -- with you big baldy head you be spoil we . sir jonathan good , I have be look for you . I need to tell you that by a huge personal effort -- huge -- I have manage to bring the vote forward by a hour and a half . malcolm great . I need it delay now . sir jonathan very funny . that be funny . malcolm by a hour , at least . although I guess two and a half hour now , as you have bring it forward . sir jonathan no , I be sorry I be very sorry but I will not humiliate myself again . malcolm you do what I say or you can go and see if belize be look for a new ambassador but with a break nose , one bollock , and a half - chew cock . 110 int . UN conference room - day 110 Sir Jonathan walk in . a lot of face be turn towards he , expectantly . sir jonathan right . what can I say ? ...... page 112 111 int . tiny office 111 Jamie have take Michael into a tiny windowless office . Michael 's hunch at he laptop , look at the pwip - pip document on he computer . Jamie stand right over he , ominously . jamie ( to Michael be : the office ) this be nice be not it ? cosy . away from pry eye . michael so what 's this , you political wet-room ? Jamie 's phone go . 112 int . UN corridor / tiny office - day 112 Toby be stand in front of malcolm , hold he laptop up for malcolm to look at and a physical copy of the red pwip - pip folder . he 's also get the pwip - pip file on screen . malcolm be it up , have you get it up ? jamie yeah it 's all fine . malcolm okay , go to page nine , highlight that . jamie ( to Michael ) go to page nine . Michael do . malcolm highlight from that page to the end of the document . jamie do you mean select ? malcolm I do not know I do not use this thing . jamie ( to Michael ) Select page nine to the end of the document . page 113 112 con tinue D : 112 michael the caveat ? Michael do it . malcolm be it highlight ? jamie you mean select , yeah it 's select . malcolm okay , right , standby ... delete ! jamie ( to Michael ) delete ! michael ( subdued ) you can not just delete the argument against the war . Michael stop what he 's do . malcolm ( to Toby ) Messenger ! get Messenger up ! Toby stick pwip -pip in he mouth so he 's get a hand free to initiate MSN messenger . jamie oh hang on malc . Michael 's stop move . I think he 's crash . malcolm type something on the laptop while Toby hold it up for he . malcolm have you try hit he ? give he a thump , that usually work . jamie hang on , I think I might be able to use manual over-ride . Jamie pick up Michael 's hand and pull out he index finger and place it on the delete key . jamie ( cont 'd ) no , it 's okay . it 's work again . malcolm great . now attach that to email . page 114 112 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 112 jamie ( to Michael ) attach that to a email . malcolm ( to Toby ) right , let 's find a printer . the japanese , they will have one . they have get everything . 113 int . UN corridor - day 113 malcolm approach Toby . malcolm get I a blue folder . toby where from ? malcolm I do not fuck know . do I look like I have ever set foot in a stationary cupboard ? I do my shagging in five star hotel . now go and find I a blue fuck folder . pronto . Toby run off . 114 int . linton be UN office - day 114 malcolm walk in . he hold up he blue folder . malcolm the intelligence you guy could not find ? I think you owe I a massive , grovel apology . linton what , you do you job ? eventually ? congratulation . maybe they will give you a knighthood . malcolm it 's be a pleasure work with you . you know , I have meet some psychos in my time , but none as fuck boring as you . oh sorry , that 's right . you disapprove of swear . a boring F star star cunt ! malc hand over the folder and walk out . page 115 115 int . UN - day 115 linton , with adriano now back beside he and liza , be wait for hush from the assemble US delegation , include Miller . linton welcome aboard liza . by the way , congratulation on pwip pip . excellent work . liza really ? linton I do not know . I have not read it personally . no time . but it certainly raise you profile . liza no . that old thing ? that be like a thousand year ago . more maybe . linton terrific . ( to the delegation ) so , I will keep this brief and to the point . we go in , we make we case use the new british intelligence from they source ` debussy ' , we win the argument , we get the hell out . the delegation start filing out . 116 int . UN corridor - day 116 the Brit delegation be gather round a screen in a corridor show the main debate chamber . the mood be sombre . chair ( on screen ) Resolution 5977 be pass . Judy look at malcolm . malcolm look straight ahead at the screen , nod , impassive . simon yup . that 's that then . toby " that 's that then " ? that 's you quote for the age be it ? page 116 116 con tinue D : 116 simon what ? toby ' and I remember the moment war be declare . I turn to the Minister and he say " that 's that , then . anyone want a mint ? " . simon piss off , Toby . 117 int . UN - day 117 the mood be quietly buzzy . job well do . liza be there too . linton we do it Bob ! bob adriano yes sir ! there be moment when it be a little hairy ... linton no there be not , no . they shake hand with various colleague . 118 int . tiny office - day 118 a tv show BBC News 24 's report on the vote . Jamie be stroking Michael 's hair in a sweet and therefore very very scary way . Michael 's stare ahead pretend it be not happen . jamie ( sweetly ) well do Michael . you do a good job . you do a really , really good job . int . UN office - day 119 119 Karen enter . Chad be there too with General Miller . karen so , I email my resignation ten minute ago . ( to Miller ) your should come right after the President 's announcement , to have the biggest media impact . page 117 119 con tinue D : 119 general miller I have be think Karen . this have be the hardest fuck decision of my political life . I be not resign . karen what the fuck George . seriously ? you say that the war be intolerable and we would go together . general miller it be - it be intolerable . I still agree with myself about that . but I have get to tolerate it . my loyalty be with the kid . at the end of the day I be a soldier . karen you be not a soldier . general miller look at the uniform , Karen . I be not a pastry chef . I have military commendation on my chest , not a little fuck label say my name be George . karen you be a politician . you live on canape and white wine and you have three anecdote you wheel out at every party and you scour the national papers for mention of you name . you be a fuck politician . general miller I be still a soldier . karen when be the last time you shot a guy ? general miller what , if I have not shot a guy in 15 year then I be not a soldier ? City hall do not insist I bring along a fuck bullet - ride corpse every five year to renew my soldier licence . karen you know this be a unnecessary war . it 's a war you do not believe in . show I some ball , George . general miller I know I have get ball , I do not need to show they to you . page 118 119 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 119 karen oh sure , it just so happen they be sit pretty in a pair of egyptian cotton Ralph lauren short on a government salary . general miller do not talk about my fuck ball that way . my ball have be around . my ball have get ball . karen come on Chad , let 's leave the General and he over - stuff scrotum . we be go to draft we resignation announcement . Karen turn away from he . chad er , I might , stay with the General actually Karen , if that 's okay ? if he 's stay I might stay with he and see what assistance I can furnish . karen okay . General shrek and he faithful talk donkey . she go . general miller this take ball Karen . chad you have get ball sir. anyone can see you have get big ball . they be two -third of a snowman . general miller get the fuck away from I . Miller walk off . chad okay . this be not the plan . 120 int . UN - day 120 Simon 's on the phone to the wall man . simon no , you be right . I be a piss-brain . that 's the perfect word , Mr michaelson . you mother come up with it ? well congratulate she from I . I be a piss - brain for let this happen . page 119 120 con tinue D : 120 Simon see malcolm come along . start to head back into the share office . he ring off , malcolm catch up with he in the office malcolm Simon , look , mate . listen to I . you still do not need to resign . simon no. I be go to resign , malcolm . in a hour . you can not stop I now . Toby come over . toby boss ? simon malcolm yes ? yes ? toby ( cont 'd ) it 's on the BBC News website -- partial collapse of the wall . Mrs michaelson 's greenhouse have a smashed pane . the BBC have a crew down there . simon God , and that 's news . ridiculous , be not it ? malcolm it 's nor ridiculous . you be fire . simon what ? malcolm the wall . it 's just not tolerable . simon it 's just a fuck wall . malcolm look at this . ( click he finger at Toby ) give I the paper . ( off Simon 's look ) he 's my new boy . I be just break he in . toby here . page 120 120 con tinue D : ( 2 ) 120 malcolm the telegraph have a cartoon of you crush underneath the great Wall of China , suggest you be the only political fuck - up visible from space . look at this . no one could survive this . the pm be very clear on this - you be sack , over the wall . simon no . malcolm yes . simon you have not even - speak to the Prime Minister . malcolm yes I have . simon you fuck have not I have be right here . malcolm I have speak to the Prime Minister . whether it have happen or not be irrelevant . it be true . as soon as I hear about the wall , I speak to he and he decide you have to go . simon I be not go quietly . malcolm yeah well if you try to turn this into some anti-war protest , you can expect you `mountain of conflict ' soundbite to be everywhere from ringtone to a fuck dance mix on YouTube . I will marshall all the force of media darkness to hound you to a assist suicide . a silence while Simon and Toby realise there be nowhere for he to go . malcolm ( cont 'd ) right , rumpleforeskin 's give I you laptop , so -- shall we draft you ` dear Prime Minister , just a quick note to say thanks for sacking I ' letter ? Simon do not know what else to do . Toby go to get he laptop . Miller be have a cigarette under a no-smok sign . page 121 120 con tinue D : ( 3 ) 120 toby hi. General ? look I realise this be a slightly strange time to say this , but I just want to say how much I admire ... general miller go fuck yoursefl , frodo . toby great . Lovely Toby hurry off look crush . Miller take another drag on he cigarette . int . state department . day 121 121 linton be go through a list with liza . General Miller be sit in on this meeting , look slightly like a man who 's be shaft up the ass and have to pretend to enjoy it . linton okay , I do not want to be accuse of micro manage but I personally do not see that ` I heart huckabees ' should be on the list of dv suitable for force entertainment . that self - indulgent crap be not suitable entertainment for combat troops . and where 's ` United 93 ' on here ? that should be play 24 / 7 . int . constituency office . day . 122 122 Simon be back with roz. roz right , I have get a selection of quote for you , they be all local firm and none of they be very well respected . ( get another piece of paper out ) now , this sceptic tank be also rear it 's pooy head again too . Simon look zonk with boredom . 123 int . white house 123 a.j. well Alan , I have be ball out by linton for allow I heart huckabees on to the troops dvd roster . you know the phrase , " I be too old for this shit ? well , I be too young for this shit . ( mor E ) page 122 123 con tinue D : 123 a.j. ( cont 'd ) I should be out there have a youth . get high , make woman pregnant . 124 int . dfid - day 124 malcolm be walk through the open-plan office with Judy . in the background we see Toby get the last of he thing together . the new minister and she advisor arrive . they be almost carbon copy of Simon and Toby . malcolm ah , here they be . Minister . Elizabeth . welcome aboard . minister thanks malcolm . look forward to it . War seem to be go `great gun ' at the moment . malcolm ah , cheeky ! let I take you out for a expensive lunch , roast swan and all the trimming , and I will bring you up to speed on the whole Middle East situation . minister be you twist my arm already ? malcolm aye , but in a friendly , non -breaky way . watch you step there . there 's still blood on the deck . advisor ( to Judy ) hi I be Danny . dan. I be Elizabeth 's chief advisor . judy Judy molloy . senior Press - advisor have I get a desk ? judy yes , it 's that one there . she point at Toby 's desk . the Minister and he advisor start make themselves at home . we stay on Toby now as malcolm and Judy greet the new guy . page 123 124 continue D : 124 Toby grab the last of he thing , glance over at they , and they we follow he as he head down the front step . the end