inception written by Christopher nolan shoot script fade in : dawn . crashing surf . the wave toss a beard man onto wet sand . he lie there . a child shout make he lift he head to see : a little blonde boy crouching , back towards we , watch the tide eat a sandcastle . a little blonde girl join the boy . the bearded man try to call they , but they run off , face unseen . he collapse . the barrel of a rifle roll the bearded man onto he back . a japanese security guard look down at he , then call up the beach to a colleague lean against a jeep . behind they be a cliff , and on top of that , a japanese castle . int . elegant dine room , japanese castle - later the Security Guard wait as a attendant speak to a elderly japanese man sit at the dining table , back to we . attendant ( in japanese ) he be delirious . but he ask for you by name . and ... ( to the Security Guard ) show he . security guard ( in japanese ) he be carry nothing but this ... he put a handgun on the table . the elderly man keep eat . security guard ... and this . the Security Guard place a SMALL pewter cone alongside the gun . the elderly man stop eat . pick up the cone . elderly japanese man ( in japanese ) bring he here . and some food . int . same - moment later the elderly man watch the bearded man wolf down he food . he slide the handgun down the table towards he . elderly japanese man ( in English ) be you here to kill I ? the bearded man glance up at he , then back to he food . 2 . the elderly japanese man pick up the cone between thumb and forefinger . elderly japanese man I know what this be . he spin it onto a table - it circle gracefully across the polished ebony ... a spinning top . elderly japanese man I have see one before . many , many year ago ... the elderly japanese man stare at the top mesmerize . elderly japanese man it belong to a man I meet in a half - remember dream ... move in on the gracefully spinning top ... elderly japanese man a man possess of some radical notion ... the elderly japanese man stare , remember ... cobb ( v.o . ) what 's the most resilient parasite ? CUT to : int . same elegant dine room - night ( year earlier ) the speaker , cobb , be 35 , handsome , tailore . a young japanese man , saito , eat as he listen . cobb a bacteria ? a virus ? cobb gesture at they feast with he wine glass - cobb a intestinal worm ? saito 's fork pause , mid-air . cobb grins . a third man be at the table - arthur . he jump in to save the pitch - arthur what Mr. cobb be try to say - cobb a idea . saito look at cobb , curious . 3. cobb resilient , highly contagious . once a idea 's take hold in the brain it 's almost impossible to eradicate . a person can cover it up , ignore it - but it stay there . saito but surely - to forget ...? cobb information , yes . but a idea ? fully form , understand ? that stick ... ( tap forehead ) in there , somewhere . saito for someone like you to steal ? arthur yes . in the dream state , conscious defense be lower and you thought become vulnerable to theft . it 's call extraction . cobb but , Mr. saito , we can train you subconscious to defend itself from even the most skilled extractor . saito how can you do that ? cobb because I be the most skilled extractor . I know how to search you mind and find you secret . I know the trick , and I can teach they to you subconscious so that even when you be asleep , you guard be never down . cobb lean forward . holding saito 's gaze . cobb but if I be go to help you , you have to be completely open to I . I will need to know my way around you thought better than you wife , you analyst , anyone . ( gesture around ) if this be a dream and you have get a safe full of secret , I need to know what 's in that safe . for this to work , you have to let I in . 4. saito give this a flicker of a smile . rise . a bodyguard open double door which give onto a lavish party . saito gentlemen . enjoy you evening as I consider you proposal . they watch saito leave . Arthur turn to cobb , worried - arthur he know . cobb motion silence . a tremor start , they steady they glass , cobb glance at he watch - the second hand be frozen . arthur what 's go on up there ? and we - CUT to : filthy bathroom - day ( feel like different time ) cobb , asleep , sitting in a chair at the end of a steaming bath . the chair be up on a cabinet - the bottom of the leg level with the rim of the tub . a sweat man ( 40' ) watch over cobb . this be nash . a distant explosion rumble through the room . nash move to the window , part the curtain . outside : a chaotic developing-world CITY - the street fill with rioters - smashing , burning . nash check cobb 's leave wrist : above he watch , tape hold two thin yellow tube in place . nash look at cobb 's watch - the second hand crawl unnaturally slowly . nash follow the tube to a silver briefcase at Arthur 's foot : arthur be asleep in a armchair . tube connect the briefcase to Arthur 's wrist . nash follow another set of tube from the briefcase to where they pass under the door to the bedroom . through the crack of the door , nash see saito asleep on the bed , tube run to he wrist . boom - a closer explosion , and we - CUT to : int . bullet train compartment - day ( feel like different time ) nash , asleep . head rocking against the window as the train bump over a rough piece of track . 5 . a japanese man , todashi ( 18 ) watch nash nervously . he check nash 's wrist : two yellow tube connect nash with three other sleeping men in the compartment : cobb , arthur , saito . todashi check he watch : the second hand tick in real time . another train pass in the opposite direction with a mighty whump - todashi 's eye fly to nash 's sleep face - nash jerk with the movement of the train , and we - CUT to : int . filthy bathroom - continuous another explosion - nash check the sleep cobb and we - CUT to : ext . rooftop terrace , japanese castle - night a low tremor rumble through the castle . cobb and Arthur steady themselves against the wooden rail . several tile and piece of masonry fall . below they a black sea churn . other guest wander the massive terrace . arthur saito know . he 's play with we . cobb I can get it here . the information 's in the safe - he look right at it when I mention secret . Arthur nod . then spot someone over cobb 's shoulder . arthur what 's she do here , cobb ? cobb turn to see a beautiful woman , elegantly dress , stare out at the sea . this be mal . cobb watch she . cobb you just get to you room . I will take care of the rest . arthur see that you do . we be here to work . Arthur brushes past mal , shaking he head . she near cobb . look out at the drop . the wind whip her hair - mal if I jump , would I survive ? 6 . cobb with a clean dive , perhaps . mal , why be you here ? she turn to look at he . amuse . mal I think you might be miss I ... she smile . he lean in , mesmerize . cobb I be . but I can not trust you anymore . she stare up at he , invite . mal so what ? int . bedroom suite , japanese castle - moment later mal sip champagne as she study a painting by Francis Bacon . mal look like Arthur 's taste . cobb be look down through the window at the guard patrol the castle at ground level . cobb actually , Mr. saito be partial to postwar british painter . he turn to mal , don a pair of black leather glove . cobb would you sit down ? mal lower herself gracefully into a leather wingback chair . cobb approach , pull out a length of black rope and kneel at mal 's foot . she look down at he . mal tell I ... cobb tie the rope around the chair legs . mal do the child miss I ? cobb pause . he let he glove finger lightly touch mal 's ankle . he look up at she . 7. cobb you can not imagine . mal look away , uncomfortable . cobb get to he foot , let out the rope as he move back to the window . mal what be you do ? cobb toss the rope out - cobb get some air . he tug on the rope , testing . the weight of the chair , with mal on it , hold . cobb stay seat . please . and with that , he jump . mal consider the open window . ext . japanese castle wall - continuous cobb rappel down the wall , darting past window . he stop at a particular one . get out a glass cutter - suddenly he start dropping - int . bedroom suite , japanese castle - continuous the empty chair slide across the floor - wedge under the window - ext . japanese castle wall - continuous cobb jolt to a stop 15 fot lower . he look up at the bedroom window . shake he head . start climb back . int . kitchen , japanese castle - moment later cobb drop silently from the window into the darken kitchen . he pull a pistol from he belt , screwing a silencer onto the barrel as he glide across the room . int . hall , japanese castle-continuous cobb slip through the shadow towards a guard station at the head of a grand staircase ... the Guard hear something - turn - peer into the shadow ... cobb flash out of the shadow , silence pistol up , aiming - 8. phht - head shot - the Guard start to drop ... but cobb be already there to catch he , slide on he knee and lowering the Guard silently to the floor . int . dine room , japanese castle - continuous cobb move to a painting . with practice hand he remove it from the wall , revealing a safe . cobb spin the dial , pull it OPEN , grab a envelope from within , stuff it into he waistband , where there be already a identical envelope . light come on . cobb freeze . saito ( o.s. ) turn around . cobb turn . at the far end of the room : saito . next to he be mal , gun in hand . she smile at cobb . mal the gun , dom . cobb do not move . mal motion outside - two guard drag Arthur into the room . mal put the gun to he head . mal please . cobb slowly place he gun at he end of the long table , then slide it along the polished ebony . it come to rest halfway down the length or the table . saito now the envelope , Mr. cobb . cobb reach into he waistband , remove one of the envelope , slide it along the table . step back , hand raise . cobb do she tell you , or have you know all along ? saito that you be here to steal from I ? ( beat ) or that we be actually asleep ? Arthur give cobb a i-told - you - so look . saito I want to know who you employer be . mal cock the gun at Arthur 's temple . 9 . cobb no point threaten he in a dream . mal that depend on what you be threaten . killing he would just wake he up ... but pain ? pain be in the mind ... mal lower the gun and shoot Arthur in the leg- Arthur drop , scream - mal look at cobb , cold . mal and , judge by the decor , we be in you mind , be not we , Arthur ? cobb watch Arthur 's pain . mal aim at Arthur 's other leg ... cobb spring for the table , skidding along its polished surface - he grab he gun - shoot arthur between the eye - Arthur drop - the room start to shudder in a massive EARTHQUAKE - cobb spring for the door - Arthur 's eye stare at the ceiling , dead , and we - CUT to : int . filthy bathroom - day Arthur 's eye OPEN as he wake in the armchair - he grab at the tube at he wrist , yanking they free - nash what be you do ?! it 's too soon - fluid spurt from the tube as Arthur struggle with the silver case on the bathroom floor . arthur I know ! we have to reconnect the loop before they wake up ! Arthur grab the case and push through the door to the bedroom - follow the tube to where they meet saito 's wrist - saito lie on the bed asleep . saito stir and we - CUT to : int . japanese castle corridor - night cobb lurch towards the stair , as all around he the building buck and heave - 10 . int . dine room , japanese castle - continuous saito and the Guards panic . mal walk calmly through the destruction , pick up the envelope and turn to saito . mal he be close . very close . ext . grand staircase , japanese castle - continuous cobb run up the stair , pull out the second envelope - int . dine room , japanese castle - continuous saito rip open the envelope , pull out sheet of paper . he look at mal , panicked . he turn to the Guards - saito stop he ! mal , confuse , look at the sheet of paper : they be blank . mal smile , amused . int . grand staircase , japanese castle - continuous as cobb run up the stair he read the typewritten sheet from he envelope , and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room - day Arthur open the silver case : a complex mechanism of tube , syringe , dosage controllers . Arthur 's hand fly across the machine 's control as he glance at saito 's stirring face - arthur I be not go to make it ! wake cobb ! int . filthy bathroom - continuous nash turn to cobb . raise he hand and smack he across the face , and we - CUT to : int . grand staircase , japanese castle - night cobb be smashed sideways off he foot ... 11 . int . dine room , japanese castle - night the ceiling crack above saito - he look up as a ton of stone flood down , crushing he and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room - day saito 's eye flicker OPEN . awake . int . filthy bathroom - continuous nash smack cobb again - nash he will not wake ! int . dilapidated HOTEL room-continuous Arthur crouch by saito , connect the second tube . arthur dunk he ! a click : Arthur look up to find saito with a gun to he head and a finger to he lip , gesture silence ... int . filthy bathroom - continuous nash put he hand on cobb 's forehead and push he backward - as cobb start to fall backward in the chair we be in slow motion , and we - CUT to : int . grand staircase , japanese castle - night cobb , full speed , pick himself up , scramble to read the last sheet of paper . he stare at it puzzle - bullet hit around he as the Guards race up the stair and we - CUT to : int . filthy bathroom - day cobb in slow motion , hit the water - head thrashing as he go under - and we - CUT to : int . grand staircase , japanese castle - night cobb glance up from the paper as water explode in through all the window , flooding the entire hall - 12 . cobb be swamped by water , spun in all direction at once - he pull deeper or for the surface , we can't tell ... he break the surface , gasping for AIR in the bathtub in the - int . filthy bathroom - day cobb 's awake , gulping AIR , get he bearing . saito smashes into the room , knocking nash down - cobb launch himself out of the tub , flying drip wet across the room to slam saito against the door - the gun drop , cobb 's fist connect with saito 's jaw and the struggle be over . int . dilapidated HOTEL room - moment later cobb , wet but compose , sit , turn saito 's gun in he hand . nash hold saito 's arm behind he . outside , the sound of rioting grow louder . cobb you come prepare . saito I bring the gun because not even my head of security know this apartment . how do you find it ? Arthur , at the window , look out at the worsening violence . cobb hard for a man in you position to keep a love nest totally secret ... particularly when there 's a marry woman involved . saito she would never ... cobb and yet , here we be . saito be silent . cobb with a dilemma . saito you get what you come for . cobb not quite . the key piece of information be not there , be it , Mr. saito ? 13 . Arthur look over at cobb , worried . arthur they be get closer , cobb . CUT to : int . bullet train compartment - day todashi slip a pair of headphone over nash 's ear , then pull out a mp3 player and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room - day saito 's eye be on the floor . cobb you hold something back because you know what we be up to ... cobb use the barrel of the gun to raise saito 's chin . cobb so why let we in at all ? saito smile , defiant . violent noise echo up the stairway ... saito a audition . cobb audition for what ? saito it do not matter . you fail . cobb I extract all the information you have in there . saito but you deception be readily apparent . and we - CUT to : int . bullet train compartment - day todashi open the silver briefcase , revealing the complex mechanism of syringe and controller - four controllers display countdown . 14 . todashi wait for the first countdown to hit " 30 , " then hit play on the mp3 player - he watch nash 's sleep face as he raise the volume ... through nash 's headphone : the open bar of edith piaf 's " non , je not regrette rien , " and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room - day in the distant background , strange massive low - end musical start , sounding like distant horn ... saito so leave I and go . cobb you know the corporation who hire we will not accept failure . we will not last two day ... the distant , slowed - down music be become louder , as be the shout come up the stair . Arthur look at he watch , its slow second ticking mark time with the massive music . arthur come on , cobb . cobb so now I have to do this the old - fashioned way - cobb grab saito and put he head to the floor , gun press into he cheek . saito look into cobb 's eye - see he will pull the trigger . saito blink , look away in shame - when he notice something . and start laughing . saito I have always hate this carpet . cobb 's eye flick to the carpet and back . saito it 's stain and fray in such distinctive way ... cobb look up at nash , who shrug , at a loss . saito but very definitely make of wool . right now I be lie on polyester . 15 . cobb glare at nash , and we - CUT to : int . bullet train compartment - day todashi watch the first of the countdown hit zero - he look up at Arthur , stirring , and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room -day saito turn from the carpet to look up at cobb . saito which mean I be not lie on my carpet , in my apartment ... ( smile ) you have live up to you reputation , Mr. cobb ... I be still dream . cobb look over to Arthur , but arthur have vanished , and we - CUT to : int . bullet train compartment - day Arthur 's eye flicker open , awake . he rip at he tube . todashi how would it go ? arthur not good . Arthur check the remain three countdown , and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room - day saito get to he foot , look admiringly at cobb . saito a dream within a dream - I be impressed . cobb lower the gun . defeat . glance at he watch . the music reverberate , the rioters bang on the door , and we - CUT to : 16 . int . bullet train compartment - day Arthur retract the tube into the case as he watch the next countdown hit zero , and we - CUT to : int . dilapidated HOTEL room - day another bang on the door - saito , confident now , approach cobb. nash be behind saito . saito but in my dream , we really ought to be play by my rule ... nash ah , yes , but you see , Mr. saito - saito turn to nash - cobb we be not in you dream - saito turn back to cobb , but cobb have vanished - nash we be in mine . saito spin back to nash - the door smashes off its hinges as rioters pour into the room , swarming over nash ... but nash be gone . the music die . saito and the rioter stand there in the silence , the light dwindling ... and we - CUT to : int . bullet train compartment - day nash ' eye open , awake . arthur ( o.s. ) asshole ! nash blink . Arthur be in he face , furious . arthur how could you get the carpet wrong ?! nash it be not my fault ! arthur you be the architect - 17 . nash I do not know he be go to rub he damn cheek on it ! cobb pull Arthur away from nash . cobb let go . arthur and you - what the hell be all that ? cobb I have it under control . arthur I would hate to see out of control - cobb there 's no time for this - I be get off at Kyoto . arthur why ? he 's not gonna search every compartment . cobb I can not stand train . Arthur move to the briefcase . turn a dial . arthur I can keep he under for one minute - Arthur hit a button - a plunger depress . cobb rip the tape off saito 's wrist , roll up he tube . Arthur slam the silver case shut . todashi pull open the door - cobb every man for himself . Arthur and nash exit , head in different direction down the corridor . cobb hand todashi a thick roll of cash , look at saito , who stir . cobb move off . ext . japanese countryside - continuous the bullet train speed through the lush landscape . int . bullet train compartment - continuous saito wake gently . look around the compartment , empty but for todashi , read a comic . saito look down at he wrist . see a small mark . rub it . smile . 18 . ext . tokyo - dusk move over the vast city towards a high rise . a helicopter thump into frame , head for a pad on the roof . int . apartment , tokyo - continuous cobb sit , wait . check he watch , restless . he pull a handgun . check it be load . place it on the table in front of he . pull out a pewter spinning top , spin it on the table ... he intent study the top 's spin ... as he stare , the sound of a freight train build and build - the top wobbles , tip onto its side - the sound of the train stop . the phone ring - cobb grab it - children' voice ( over phone ) hi , daddy ! hi , dad . cobb hey , guy . how be you ? children' voice ( over phone ) good . okay , I guess . cobb close he eye , try to picture he child : insert CUT : cobb 's memory - a little blonde boy ( 3 ) , back towards we , crouch in a garden , look at something in the grass ... cobb who 's just okay ? be that James ? jame ( over phone ) yeah . when be you come home ? cobb I can not . not for a while . insert CUT : a little blonde girl ( 5 ) , also face unseen , join jame , crouching beside he ... jame ( over phone ) why ? cobb well , James , like I have tell you - I be away because I be work ... little girl ( over phone ) grandma say you be never come back . cobb pause . take a breath . insert CUT : James and philippa , face unseen , lift they head from the grass , respond to someone 's call - they run away from US across the garden ... 19 . cobb philippa , can you ask grandma to pick up the phone - philippa ( over phone ) she 's shaking she head . cobb tense , as if about to smash the phone . cobb well , we will just have to hope grandma 's wrong about that will not we ? jame ( over phone ) daddy ? cobb yes ? jame ( over phone ) be mommy with you ? cobb look like he just get punch - insert CUT : cobb be memory - mal , wind blowing her hair , smile calmly ... cobb no . no , we talk about this , James . mommy 's go . jame ( over phone ) where ? grandma's voice ( over phone ) time to go , kid . say bye- bye - cobb I will give some present to grandpa , okay ? just be good for - cobb stare at the dead phone . then downs he drink - a knock at the door . cobb grab the top , the gun - move to the door - crack it : Arthur . arthur we ride 's on the roof . cobb nod . move to pick up he bag . Arthur watch . arthur cobb ... be you okay ? cobb look up . 20 . cobb yeah , why ? arthur down in the dream ... mal show up like that ... cobb yeah . I be sorry about you leg . arthur it 's get worse , be not it ? cobb one apology 's all you be get , Arthur . now , where 's nash ? arthur have not show . wanna wait ? cobb ( shake head ) we be suppose to deliver saito 's expansion plan to cobol Engineering two hour ago . by now they know we fail . time to disappear . int . corridor - continuous cobb and Arthur head towards the elevator . arthur where will you go ? cobb Buenos Aires . I can lie low there . maybe sniff out a job when thing quiet down . you ? arthur stateside . cobb ( wistful ) ) ' course . send my regards . Arthur look at cobb. nod . sympathetic . ext . rooftop helipad - night the helicopter sit , rotors spinning . as cobb and Arthur reach the door , it slide OPEN . cobb step up into the leather - padded interior . he freeze . 21 . int . helicopter on pad - continuous nash , beaten bloody , sit on the far side , slump against the wine . beside he : saito . he nod politely at cobb . saito he sell you out . think to come to I and bargain for he life ... saito 's bodyguard offer cobb a gun . saito so I offer you the satisfaction . cobb that 's not how I deal with thing . saito would you work with he again ? cobb shake he head . saito 's bodyguard pull nash from the chopper . saito motion cobb and Arthur to sit . the chopper rise . cobb watch nash dragge across the pad . cobb what will you do to he ? saito nothing . but I can not speak for you friend from cobol Engineering . saito look out at the city slip by . cobb what do you want from we ? saito inception . Arthur raise he eyebrow . cobb be poker - face . saito be it possible ? arthur of course not . saito if you can steal a idea from someone 's mind , why can not you plant one there instead ? arthur okay , here 's plant a idea : I say to you , " do not think about elephant . " ( more ) 22. arthur ( cont 'd ) ( saito nod ) what be you think about ? saito elephant . arthur right . but it 's not you idea because you know I give it to you . saito you could plant it subconsciously - arthur the subject 's mind can always trace the genesis of the idea . true inspiration be impossible to fake . cobb no , it be not . saito can you do it ? cobb I will not do it . saito in exchange , I will give you the information you be pay to steal . cobb be you give I a choice ? because I can find my own way to square thing with cobol . saito then you do have a choice . cobb and I choose to leave . ext . airfield - moment later the helicopter set down next to a private jet . int . helicopter - continuous saito indicate the plane . saito tell the crew where you want to go , they will file the plan en route . cobb and Arthur look at each other . then move for the door . 23. saito Mr. cobb ...? there be one other thing I could offer you . ( cobb stop ) how would you like to go home ? to America . to you child . cobb turn back to saito . cobb you can not fix that . nobody could . saito just like inception . cobb consider this . Arthur touch he arm . arthur cobb , come on - cobb how complex be the idea ? saito simple enough . cobb no idea 's simple when you have to plant it in someone else 's mind . saito my main competitor be a old man in poor health . his son will soon inherit control of the corporation . I need he to decide to break up he father 's empire . against he own self - interest . arthur cobb , we should walk away from this . cobb if I be to do it . if I could do it ... how do I know you can deliver ? saito you do not . but I can . so do you want to take a leap of faith , or become a old man , fill with regret , wait to die alone ? cobb look at saito . barely nod . 24 . saito assemble you team , Mr. cobb . and choose you people more wisely . int . private jet - later cobb recline he seat . Arthur pick at a salad , angry . arthur I know how much you want to go home - cobb ( sharp ) no , you do not . arthur but this can not be do . cobb it can . you just have to go deep enough . arthur you do not know that !- cobb I have do it before . Arthur be take aback . cobb turn to the window . arthur do it work ? cobb ( quiet ) yes . arthur who do you do it to ? cobb look at arthur. close . Arthur shrug . arthur so why be we head to Paris ? cobb we be go to need a new architect . int . great hall , école d'architecture - morning cobb , carry a shopping bag , look into a lecture hall : no student , just a rumpled professor hunch over paperwork . 25 . int . lecture hall - continuous cobb ( o.s. ) you never do like you office . professor mile look up , squinting . recognize cobb. mile no space to think in that broom cupboard . cobb step down past the empty wooden row . mile be it safe for you to be here ? cobb extradition between France and the U.S. be a bureaucratic nightmare . mile I think they would find a way to make it work in you case . cobb hand mile the shopping bag . cobb can you take this back for the kid ? mile it will take more than the occasional stuff animal to convince that child they still have a father . cobb I know . I think you could talk to Marie about bring they on vacation . somewhere I could meet - mile why would she listen to I ? cobb you be marry for twenty year . mile she blame I as much as you . cobb do not she understand that my kid need I ? 26 . mile yes , she do . we all do . go back and face the music , dom . explain what mal do . cobb be realistic , Stephen . they would never understand - they would lock I up and throwaway the key . or worse . mile you think what you be do now be help you case ? cobb lawyer do not pay for themselves . this be what I have . this be what you teach I . mile I never teach you to be a thief . cobb no , you teach I to navigate other people 's mind . but after what happen with mal there be not a whole lot of legitimate way for I to use that skill . mile look at cobb . mile why do you come here , dom ? cobb shift slightly . cobb I find a way home . a job . for powerful people . if I pull it off , I can get back to my family . but I need help . mile realize something . mile my God . you be here to corrupt one of my brightest and best . cobb if you have someone good enough , you have to let they decide for themselves . you know what I be offer - mile money ? 27 . cobb no , not just money : the chance to build cathedral , entire city - thing that have never exist , thing that could not exist in the real world ... mile everybody dream , cobb . Architects be suppose to make that dream real . cobb that 's not what you use to say . you tell I that in the real world I would be building attic conversion and gas station . you say that if I master the dream - share I would have a whole new way of create and show people my creation . you tell I it would free I . mile look at cobb , sad . mile and I be sorry . I be wrong . cobb no , you be not . you vision be a vision of pure creativity . it 's where we take it that be wrong . mile and now you want I to let someone else follow you into fantasy . cobb they will not actually come on the job , they will just design the level and teach they to the dreamer . mile Design they yourself . cobb mal will not let I . mile look at cobb. appall . mile come back to reality , dom. please . cobb you want to know what 's real , Stephen ? you grandchild wait for they dad to come back . ( more ) 28 . cobb ( cont 'd ) this job-this last job - be how I get there . mile look down , fiddle with he papers . cobb I would not be stand here if there be any other way . I can get home . but I need a architect who 's as good as I be . mile look cobb in the eye . decide . mile I have get someone better . int . corridor - later mile and cobb stand by as student file out of a lecture . mile ariadne ... a young woman carry book turn . this be ariadne . mile I would like you to meet Mr. cobb . she size he up with quick eye . offer she hand . ariadne please to meet you . mile if you have a few moment , Mr. cobb have a job offer to discuss with you . ariadne a work placement ? cobb ( smile not exactly . ext . rooftop , école d'architecture - moment later ariadne lean against the parapet , overlook Paris . she unwrap a sandwich , watch cobb pull out a pad of graph paper and a pen . he offer they . she bite she sandwich . cobb a test . 29 . ariadne ( mouth full ) be not you go to tell I anything ? cobb before I describe the job , I have to know you could do it . ariadne why ? cobb it 's not , strictly speak , legal . ariadne raise she eyebrow . cobb you have two minute to draw a maze that take I one minute to solve . ariadne take the pad and pen . cobb look at he watch . cobb go. she start drawing line on the grid , construct a maze . cobb stop . ariadne hand the pad and pen to cobb . he glance at the pad , then , look she in the eye , trace the solution . she be take aback . cobb rip off the sheet , hand the pad back . cobb again . she trace straight line , concentrating ... cobb stop . she hand cobb the pad , a touch pleased . cobb solve the puzzle instantly , as before . her smile fall . cobb you will have to - she grab the pad , frustrated ... but this time she flip it over and start draw on the blank cardboard of the back . cobb watch , surprised . he smile as he see that she 's draw circle , create a maze base on concentric ring . ariadne hand back the pad , defiant . cobb take the pen , start the maze . this time he get stick . nod . 30 . cobb ( work the maze ) more like it . ext . narrow STREET , paris - day Arthur stop at a warehouse door . consult a piece of paper . int . workshop - continuous a large , dusty warehouse . the sliding door crack open . Arthur enter . look around , approvingly . int . same - later Arthur drag lawn chair into the middle of the room . he erect a table . lay out several silver case , unpack they , lay out line of tub , mechanism ... ext . parisian cafe - day cobb and ariadne sit at a outdoor table . cobb they say we only use a fraction of the true potential of we brain ... but they be talk about when we be awake . while we dream , the mind perform wonder . ariadne such as ? cobb how do you imagine a building ? you consciously create each aspect , puzzle over it in stage ... but sometimes , when you imagination fly - ariadne I be discover it . cobb exactly . genuine inspiration . cobb lean forward and draw on the paper table cloth . cobb in a dream you mind continuously do that ... cobb have draw a circle make of two arrow . 31 . cobb it create and perceive a world simultaneously . so well that you do not feel you brain do the create . that 's why we can short - circuit the process ... ariadne how ? cobb by take over the create part . cobb draw a straight line between the two arrow . cobb this be where you come in . you build the world of the dream . we take the subject into that dream , and let he £ 111 it with he subconscious ariadne but be you try to fool he that the dream be actually real life ? cobb ( nod ) while we be in there , we do not want he to realize he 's dream . ariadne how could I ever get enough detail to convince he that it 's real ? cobb we dream reel real while we be in they . it 's only when we wake up we realize thing be strange , ariadne gesture around they - ariadne but all the texture of real life - the stone , the fabric. car ... people ... you mind can not create all this . cobb it do . every time you dream . let I ask you a question : you never remember the beginning of you dream , do you ? you just turn up in the middle of what 's go on . 32 . ariadne I guess . cobb so ... how do we end up at this restaurant ? ariadne we come here from ... ariadne trail off , confuse . cobb how do we get here ? where be we ? ariadne thinks , unable to remember . a faint rumble begin . ariadne oh my God . we be dream . cobb nod . the rumble be build . cobb stay calm . we be actually asleep in the workshop . this be you first lesson in share dream , remember ? ariadne look around , mind reeling . cobb brace - the restaurant violently fragment , exploding and imploding particle of furniture , wall , people flying around - ariadne wonder at the mayhem whirling around they - cobb shield he head against the debris . she see he - ariadne ( shouting over noise ) if it 's just a dream , why be you cover you - ariadne be wipe from her seat by a massive blast and we - CUT to : int . workshop - day ariadne jolt awake . cobb ( o.s. ) because it 's never just a dream . ariadne turn to cobb 's voice . they be both sit in the lawn chair . Arthur watch over they . 33. cobb and a face full of glass hurt like hell , do not it ? while we be in it , it 's real . arthur that 's why the military develop dream share - a training program where soldier could strangle , stab and shoot each other , then wake up . ariadne how do architect get involved ? cobb someone have to design the dream . ( to Arthur ) let 's go another five minute - ariadne we be only asleep for five minute ? we talk for a hour at least ... cobb when you dream , you mind function more quickly , so time seem to pass more slowly . arthur five minute in the real world give you a hour in the dream . cobb let 's see how much trouble you can cause in five minute . and we - CUT to : ext . same parisian STREET - day ariadne walk down the crowded street with cobb . cobb look around at the street , the cafe , approve . cobb it 's good . you have get the cafe , the layout ... you forget the book shop but pretty much everything else be here . ariadne look at the passer - by . ariadne who be the people ? 34 . cobb they be projection of my subconscious . ariadne your ? cobb sure - you be the dreamer , I be the subject . my subconscious populate you world . that 's one way we get at a subject 's thought - he mind create the people , so we can literally talk to he subconscious . ariadne how else do you do it ? cobb Architecture . build a bank vault or a jail , something secure , and the subject 's mind will fill it with information he 's try to protect . ariadne then you break in and steal it . cobb exactly . ariadne wonder at the detail of the street . ariadne I love the concrete sense of thing - ( stamp foot ) Real weight , you know ? I think a dream space would be all about the visual , but it 's the feel of thing . question be , what happen as you start to mess with physics ... she concentrate on the street . the street start to bend in half - the building on either side folding in until they form the inside of a cube of CITY , gravity functioning independently on each plane . ariadne look up ( or down ) at the people on the opposite city surface . cobb watch she excitement . ariadne it 's something , be not it ? cobb ( quiet ) yes . it be . 35 . as they walk , ariadne notice more and more of the projection staring at she . ariadne why be they look at I ? cobb because you be change thing . my subconscious feel that someone else be create the world . the more you change thing , the quick the projection converge on you . ariadne converge ? cobb they feel the foreign nature of the dreamer , and attack - like white blood cell fight a infection . ariadne they be go to attack we ? cobb just you , actually . they walk along the street to where it join the next gravitational plane . they step up onto the different plane and walk down the street towards a river . as ariadne approach , step emerge from the flagstone , and she lead cobb up onto a small jetty . as she concentrate , pillar emerge and a bridge start to telescope out from the jetty . they step onto it as it grow . cobb be impressed . cobb it 's beautiful ... but if you keep on change thing ... people crossing the bridge stare at ariadne . several of they bump she shoulder as they pass . ariadne mind tell you subconscious to take it easy ? cobb that 's why it 's call subconscious . I do not control it . the bridge now span the seine . cobb marvel at it . cobb arched stone , iron pillar ... it 's ... 36 . cobb pause , think . remember . insert CUT : mal , hair blow , turn to cobb , smile , laugh . he smile back . they be on the same bridge . cobb I know this bridge . this place be real - ( serious ) you do not imagine it , you remember it ... ariadne ( nod ) I cross it every day on my way to the college . cobb never recreate place from you memory . always imagine new place . ariadne you have to draw from what you know - cobb ( tense ) use piece - a streetlamp , phonebooth , a type of brick - not whole area . several people around they echo cobb 's attitude ... ariadne why not ? cobb because building dream out of you own memory be the surest way to lose you grip on what 's real and what 's a dream . ariadne do that happen to you ? cobb say nothing . he stand there , starinq at ariadne . people around she stop and look at she , hostile . cobb look , this be not about I - cobb reach for ariadne 's arm , turn she to he - ariadne be that why you need I to build you dream ? 37 . a passerby grab ariadne 's shoulder - cobb leave she alone - more of the crowd join in , pulling at ariadne , hold she arm open- cobb pull people off - the crowd push he away - cobb see someone walking purposefully through the crowd towards the helpless , ariadne - it be mal . she approach with even stride - ariadne stare at she , uneasy . ariadne wake I up , cobb . as mal walk , she pull out a large knife - cobb mal , no ! ariadne wake I up ! ariadne scream as mal lunge at she with the knife and we - CUT to : int . workshop -day ariadne wake , breathing hard . Arthur move to she - arthur it 's okay . ariadne why could not I wake ? arthur the only way to wake from inside the dream be to die . cobb , in the lawn chair opposite , pull he tube out . cobb she will need a totem . ariadne what ? arthur some kind of personal icon . a small object that you can always have with you , and that no one else know , cobb get to he foot , ariadne stare at he , furious . he head to the bathroom . 38 . ariadne that 's some subconscious you have get , cobb . ( call after he ) she 's a real charmer ! arthur sound like you have meet Mrs. cobb. ariadne ( surprised ) she 's he wife ? Arthur nod , pull off ariadne 's tube . arthur so. a totem . you need something small , potentially heavy ... int . bathroom , workshop - continuous cobb take out he pewter spinning top , spin it on the marble counter ... int . workshop - continuous ariadne look at Arthur , puzzle . ariadne like a coin ? arthur too common . you need something that have a weight or movement that only you know . int . bathroom , workshop - continuous cobb study the spin of the top as it decay , become more and more eccentric ... int . workshop - continuous ariadne what 's yours ? Arthur hold out a die . arthur a load die . ariadne reach for it - Arthur snatch sit away - 39 . arthur I can not let you handle it . that 's the point . no one else can know the weight or balance of it . ariadne why ? arthur so when you examine you totem ... int . bathroom , workshop - continuous cobb 's spin top wobbles over . arthur ( o.s. ) you know , beyond a doubt , that you be not in someone else 's dream . cobb grab it like a drown man reach for a lifeline . int . workshop - continuous ariadne think this over . ariadne that 's not a issue for I . arthur why not ? ariadne Arthur , maybe you can not see what 's go on , maybe you do not want to . but cobb 's get problem he 's try to bury down there . I be not go to open my mind to someone like that . ariadne get to she foot . walk away . cobb ( o.s. ) she will be back . Arthur turn . cobb be stand in the bathroom doorway . cobb I have never see anyone pick it up so fast . and one reality will not be enough for she now . when she come back , get she building maze . arthur where will you be ? 40 . cobb I have get to talk to eame . arthur eame ? but he 's in mombasa . cobol 's backyard . cobb necessary risk . arthur there be plenty of other thief . cobb we do not just need a thief . we need a forger . int . gambling den , mombasa - day crowd , bustling , smoke -fill . a westerner ( 40' ) , shabby suit , be squeeze in at a dice game . this be eame . he fiddle with he last two chip . cobb ( o.s. ) rub they against each other all you like , they be not go to breed . eame look up to see cobb . eame you never know . eame toss down he last chip . the dice be roll ... cobb drink ? eame lose . eame you be buy . cobb follow eame . eame mysteriously produce two stack of chip and put they down in front of the cashier . cobb pull one off the top , squint at the emboss name . cobb you be spelling have not improve . eame grab the chip . hand it to the cashier . eame piss off . cobb how 's you handwrite ? 41 . eame take he money . smile at cobb . eame versatile . int . STREET , mombasa - continuous eame lead cobb down the quiet street . eame Word be , you be not welcome in this part . cobb yeah ? eame there 's a price on you head from cobol Engineering . pretty big one , actually . cobb you would not sell I out . eame look at cobb , offended . eame ` course I would . cobb ( smile ) not when you hear what I be sell . ext . balcony of a coffee house - later a ramshackle balcony overlook a bust street . eame pour . cobb inception . eame 's glass stop halfway to he mouth . cobb do not bother tell I it 's impossible . eame it 's perfectly possible . just bloody difficult . cobb that 's what I keep say to Arthur . 42 . eame Arthur ? you be still work with that stick -in- the-mud ? cobb he 's a good point man . eame the best . but he have no imagination . if you be go to perform inception , you need imagination . cobb you have do it before ? eame yeas and no . we try it . get the idea in place , but it do not take . cobb you do not plant it deep enough ? eame it 's not just about depth . you need the simple version of the idea - the one that will grow naturally in the subject 's mind . subtle art . cobb that 's why I be here . eame what 's the idea you need to plant ? cobb we want the heir to a major corporation to break up he father 's empire . eame see , right there you have get various political motivation , anti- monopolistic sentiment and so forth . but all that stuff 's at the mercy of the subject 's prejudice - you have to go to the basic . cobb which be ? eame the relationship with the father . ( downs drink ) do you have a chemist ? 43. cobb shake he head . eame there 's a man here . yusuf . he formulate he own version of the compound . cobb let 's go see he . eame once you have lose you tail . ( cobb react ) back by the bar , blue tie . come in about two minute after we do . cobb cobol Engineering ? eame they pretty much own mombasa . cobb glance over the balcony . cobb run interference . we will meet downstairs in half a hour . eame back here ? cobb last place they would expect . eame downs he drink . rise . walk over to the businessman . eame freddy ! the businessman look up , awkward . eame freddy simmond , it be you ! cobb nonchalantly slip over the balcony dropping hard into the midst of the crowd on the street below . eame ( look harder ) oh . no , it be not . ext . STREET , mombasa - continuous cobb stand up , push into the crowd - face peer at he - he move , try to blend - turn - a second business man be there . 44 . cobb ( disarming smile ) yes ? second businessman we need to - cobb head butt the second businessman , push past he - the first businessman race out of the bar , see cobb 's wake , dive after he - cobb race headlong through tight passageway , weaving through or knocking into the local ... he step into a dark , crowded cafe , scan the table ... the first businessman enter , spot he . a african man get in cobb 's face , jabber at he in swahili - cobb consider he option ... the first businessman draw a gun - cobb bolt , step up on a table and out a open window , scrambling into the alley outside ... cobb look leave , right ... cut left into a narrow , crowded alley - the alley narrow to a dead end . face in the crowd start to watch cobb- people start to surround he - cobb look back the way he come - the two businessman be there , gun drawn - cobb see a SMALL gap between the building at the narrow end - he throws himself into it - get stuck halfway ... the crowd bear down , grabbing for he as cobb struggle to squeeze himself through the gap ... cobb 's move inches as he pursuer gain yard ... the crowd be upon he ... he burst free . tumbling onto the next street , rolling out of sight . cobb jump to he foot - in a market square . two more businessmen move towards he . cobb bolt but a car skid up , block he path - the door open - saito be in the back . saito Care for a lift , Mr. cobb ? cobb ( jump in ) what bring you to mombasa , Mr. saito ? saito I have to protect my investment . ext . coffee house - moment later eame stand on the pavement . the car pull up . cobb beckon from the rear window . eame look at saito . back to cobb . eame this be you idea of lose a tail ? 45 . cobb ( shrug ) different tail . int . workshop - day Arthur sit at the table , work on a mechanism . a small cough prompt he to look up : ariadne be there . arthur he say you would be back . ariadne I try not to come . arthur but there 's nothing else quite like it . ariadne no paper , no pen ... nothing between you and raw , direct creation . Arthur pick up he mechanism . arthur shall we take a look at paradoxical architecture ? ariadne nod , take off she coat and we - CUT to : int . penrose step - later Arthur lead ariadne down some busy step in a large glass and steel atrium in a office complex . arthur you be go to have to master a few trick if you be go to build three complete dream level . a secretary drop some papers as they pass ... ariadne what sort of trick ? they take a tight turn and continue down the next flight . arthur in a dream , you can cheat architecture into impossible shape . ( more ) 46 . arthur ( cont 'd ) that let you create close loop , like the penrose step . the infinite staircase . ariadne freeze - they be in the exact spot they start descending from , next to the Secretary gather she papers . ariadne puzzle at the impossible construction of the stair . arthur see ... Arthur stop she gently - they be on the high step , with a large drop to the next step . Arthur gesture at the drop . arthur paradox . a close loop like this help you disguise the boundary of the dream you have create . ariadne how big do the level have to be ? arthur anything from the floor of a building , to a entire city . but it have to be complicated enough for we to hide from the projection . ariadne a maze . arthur and the better the maze - ariadne the longer we have before the projection catch we . ariadne look around . see people looking at Arthur . ariadne my subconscious seem polite enough . arthur you wait , they will turn ugly . no one like to see someone else mess around in they mind . ariadne cobb can not build anymore , can he ? 47 . arthur I do not know if he can not , but he will not . he think it 's safer if he do not know the layout . ariadne why ? arthur he will not tell I . I think it 's mal . I think she 's get stronger . ariadne his ex-wife ? arthur she 's not he ex . ariadne they be still together ? Arthur turn to ariadne . Gentle . arthur no . no , she 's dead , ariadne . what you see in there be just he projection of she . ariadne what be she like in real life ? arthur ( quiet ) she be lovely . CUT to : ext . rooftop , old town , mombasa - day saito deposit a file in front of cobb : photo , document . as cobb run through they , he pass they to eame . saito Robert Fischer , 32 . heir to the Fischer morrow energy conglomerate . he 's spend he whole life be groom as successor- break up he father 's empire will take a radical shift in he think . cobb what 's you problem with Fischer ? saito that 's not you concern . 48 . cobb this be not the usual corporate espionage , Mr. saito . this be inception . the seed of the idea we plant will grow in this man 's mind . it will change he . it might even come to define he . saito look at cobb . saito my source suggest you might not have always be so cautious . cobb then you need new source , Mr. saito . saito consider cobb. shrug . saito Fischer morrow have the regulator in they pocket . we be the last company stand between they and total energy dominance and we can no longer compete . soon they ' will control the energy supply of half the world . they will be able to blackmail government , dictate policy . in effect , they become a new superpower . the world need Robert Fischer to change he mind . eame that 's where we come in . how 's Robert Fischer 's relationship to he father ? saito rumor be the relationship be complicated . cobb we will need more than rumor , Mr. saito . eame pick up a photo : a distinguished executive ( 68 ) . eame can you get I access to he ? brown . Fischer senior 's right - hand man . Fischer junior 's godfather . 49 . saito it should be possible . if you can get the right reference . eame reference be something of a specialty for I , Mr. saito . ext . decrepit build , mombasa - later eame lead cobb and saito down uneven step to a doorway . int . stairwell - continuous peel paint , buzzing fly . they ascend to a dusty , wire-reinforced glass door which eame push open - int . pharmacy - continuous row upon row of wooden shelf hold hundred of dusty glass bottle of all shape and color . at the far end , a portly 40 - year-old man rise from behind he desk , beckone . this be yusuf . yusuf come , come . eame shake yusuf 's hand . yusuf stop at cobb . yusuf ah , yes . Mr. cobb . I have hear so very much about you . ( indicate chair ) please . yusuf chase a cat off saito 's chair . yusuf bloody cat . yusuf move to a shelf and run he finger over the glass bottle . none of they have a label . yusuf you work use somnacin , I think , Mr. cobb ? cobb you be well inform , Mr. yusuf . yusuf place a bottle on the desk in front of cobb . 50 . cobb ( dubious ) somnacin ? yusuf ( proudly ) yusuf 's somnacin . yusuf pull the stopper , hold it towards cobb 's nose . cobb as good as the real thing ? yusuf whip the bottle away from cobb , offended . yusuf better . yusuf hold the bottle to the light , marvel . yusuf bind the dreamer tight . let 's they dream as one . make it real . of course , if you would prefer , you could use somnacin brand . if you could explain to the international control council what you want it for . yusuf put the bottle back onto the shelf . sit . yusuf you be seek a chemist ? ( cobb nod ) to formulate compound for a job ? cobb and to come into the hold with we . yusuf I rarely go into the hold , Mr. cobb . cobb we need you there to tailor compound to we particular requirement . yusuf which be ? cobb great depth . yusuf a dream within a dream ? two level ? 51 . cobb Three . yusuf not possible . that many dream within dream would be too unstable . cobb I have do it before . you just have to add a sedative . yusuf a powerful sedative . how many team member ? cobb five . saito six . ( to cobb ) the only way to know you have do the job be if I go in with you . cobb there 's no room for tourist on this job , Mr. saito . saito this time , it would seem there be . cobb look at he , uneasy . yusuf pull out another bottle . yusuf of course . I use it every day . yusuf hand it to cobb , who consider the white liquid inside . cobb for what ? yusuf beckon they further into the pharmacy , to a metal door . he stop - second thought . yusuf perhaps ... you will not want to see . cobb motion to continue . yusuf pull out a large key . 52 . int . back room , pharmacy - continuous a dark room with rows of low cot . each with a sleep occupant . tube connect they wrist . a elderly bald man watch over they . eame ( count ) eighteen , twenty - all connect , bloody hell . yusuf they come every day . to share the dream . yusuf nod at the elderly bald man , who move to the nearest bed . reaches out to the occupant . give he face a firm slap . the sleeper do not even stir . yusuf see ? very stable . cobb how long do they dream ? yusuf Three , four hour . every day . cobb how long in dream time ? yusuf with this compound ... about forty hour . each and every day . saito survey the room , appal . saito why do they do it ? yusuf tell he , Mr. cobb . cobb after a while ... ( look at saito ) it become the only way you can dream . yusuf do you still dream , Mr. cobb ? cobb stare at the sleeper . uneasy . eame they come here every day to sleep ? 53. elderly bald man ( o.s. ) no . cobb turn to the elderly bald man , who look fondly at he dreamer . elderly bald man they come to be wake up ... the dream have become they reality ... the elderly bald man poke a crooked finger at cobb 's chest . elderly bald man and who be you to say otherwise ? cobb stare at the elderly bald man . disturbed . cobb turn to yusuf . toss he the bottle . cobb let 's see what you can do . int . same - moment later cobb be lie on a empty cot , asleep . yusuf stand over he . as we move in on cobb 's sleeping face we hear the sound of a freight train , build , and we - CUT to : ext . wasteland - day close on cobb 's face as he lie , eye close , cheek press to a metal rail - the SOUND of the train be deafening - cobb be breathing , breathing , breathing , and we - CUT to : int . back room , pharmacy - day cobb 's eye open . yusuf be watch he . yusuf sharp , no ? cobb nod . get to he foot , look around - int . bathroom , pharmacy - continuous cobb splashes water on he face , breathe hard - insert CUT : a curtain billow . mal turn to US , hair blowing , smiling . cobb fumble in he pocket , pull out he spin top . he try to set it spin on the back edge of the sink , but it fall to the floor and roll towards the door - saito be there . watching cobb . he look down at the spin top . 54 . saito everything alright , Mr. cobb ? cobb dry he face with a paper towel . pick up he top . cobb everything 's fine . int . back room , workshop - night Close on a small brass chess piece . ariadne tip it over . frown , she pick up a micro drill , peel back the feel on the bottom and widen a hole in one side of its base . test the tipping point again . a noise make she look up . int . workshop - continuous ariadne come into the main space . someone be there , unpack one of the mechanism . cobb . ariadne you be back . cobb look up with a start . caught out . ariadne be you go under on you own ? cobb I just - I need to test some thing . I do not realize anyone be here . ariadne just work on my totem . ariadne hold up the chess piece . cobb reach for it . cobb let I see - ariadne snap it out of he reach . smile . cobb nod . cobb you be learn . ariadne it 's a elegant solution to keep track of reality . you invention ? cobb no. mal 's . cobb pull out he spin top . look at it . 55 . cobb this one be hers . she would spin it in a dream and it would never topple . just spin and spin ... ariadne Arthur tell I she die . cobb she do . how be the maze come ? ariadne indicate three large architectural model . ariadne good . each level relate to the part of the subject 's subconscious we be try to access . I be make the bottom level a hospital , so that Fischer will bring he father there - cobb do not tell I . remember , you only want the dreamer to know the layout . ariadne why 's that so important ? cobb in case one of we bring in part of we subconscious . you would not want any projection know the layout . ariadne in case you bring mal in . cobb say nothing . ariadne you will not build yourself because if you know the maze , then she know it . and she would sabotage the operation . you can not keep she out , can you ? cobb say nothing . ariadne do the other know ? cobb no . 56 . ariadne you have to warn they if it 's get worse - cobb ( gentle ) I do not say it 's get worse . look , ariadne , I need they for this job . I need you for this job . without you help , I will never get back to my child . and that 's all I can care about right now . ariadne why can not you go home , cobb ? cobb look at she , decide what to say . cobb they think I kill she . ariadne how do she die ? cobb think . insert CUT : mal , wind blowing she hair , smile at cobb . now we see cobb - shaking he head , tear streaming , begging - cobb thank you . ariadne for what ? cobb not ask whether I do . int . workshop - day ariadne , Arthur , yusuf , eame and saito sit around the room , look at file . cobb preside . cobb the mark be Robert Fischer , heir to the Australian energy conglomerate , Fischer morrow . cobb open a large presentation pad . cobb ( read aloud ) " I will split up my father be empire . " cobb turn to the team . 57 . cobb a idea Robert Fischer 's conscious mind would never accept . we have to plant it deep in he subconscious . arthur how deep ? cobb Three level down . arthur a dream within a dream within a dream ? be that even possible ? cobb yes . it be . cobb now , the subconscious motivate through emotion , not reason , so we have to translate the idea into a emotional concept . arthur how do you translate a business strategy into a emotion ? cobb that 's what we have to figure out . Robert and he father have a tense relationship . worse , even , than the gossip column have suggest ... eame do you play on that ? suggest break up he father 's company as a ' screw you ' to the old man ? cobb no. positive emotion trump negative emotion every time . we yearn for people to be reconcile , for catharsis . we need positive emotional logic . eame think . pace . look back at the board . eame try this ... " my father accept that I want to create for myself , not follow in he footstep . " cobb that might work . 58 . arthur might ? we will have to do better than that . eame thanks for the contribution , Arthur . arthur forgive I for want a little specificity , eame . cobb inception 's not about specificity . when we get inside he head , we be go to have to work with what we find . Arthur shrug , frustrated . and we - CUT to : ext . new york street - day the team be in the middle of a deserted intersection . ariadne be show yusuf aspect of the geography . eame we could split the idea into emotional triggers , and use one on each level . cobb how do you mean ? eame on the top level , we open up he relationship with he father .... say : " I will not follow in my father' footstep . " next level down we have access he ambition and self -esteem . we feed he : " I will create something myself . " then , the bottom level , we bring out the emotional big gun ... cobb " my father doesn't want I to be he . " eame that could do it . arthur how do you produce this emotional triggers ? 59 . eame I forge each emotional concept in the style and manner of Peter brown , a key figure in Fischer 's emotional life . two african pedestrian wander into view . arthur be that yours ? eame shake he head . cobb turn to yusuf . arthur yusuf ? yusuf yup. sorry . cobb suppress they . we do not bring we own projection into the dream - we let Fischer 's subconscious supply the people . eame saito , when do I get to see brown ? saito you fly out to Sydney on Tuesday . we have arrange for you to spend several day ... int . anteroom , maurice fischer' office - day eame sit in the crowded room . box and file be pile high . brown stand by a pair of double door . saito ( v.o. ) ... as part of a consulting litigation team work for brown . browning I be not smell settlement here - we take they down . lawyer Mr. brown , maurice Fischer 's policy be always one of avoid litigation - brown turn to the lawyer . calm , but powerful . 60 . browning shall we relay you concern directly to maurice ? brown open the door to maurice Fischer 's inner office . eame lean in to watch as brown beckon the lawyer into - int . maurice fischer' inner office - continuous the office be a makeshift hospital room : a bed where the desk should be . brown address a figure at the window . ROBERT fischer , 30' , abstract . browning how be he ? Fischer turn to brown . motion silence , as he glance at he father in the bed . wheezing gently . browning I do not want to bother he unnecessarily but I know he - father Robert ! I have tell you to keep out the damn !- maurice lash out , knocking thing from he bedside table . a nurse calm maurice as Fischer crouch to retrieve a framed photograph . he look at the photo through the break glass - a young boy hold a pinwheel clearly made by a child ( each of the point be numbered in pen ) , he father blow on it . browning must be a cherish memory of he - fischer I put it by he bed . he have not even notice . browning Robert , we have to talk about a power of attorney . I know this be hard for you , but it 's important that we start to think about the future - fischer not now , uncle Peter . brown look at Fischer , consider . bide he time . eame ( v.o. ) the vulture be circle . the sicker maurice Fischer become , the stronger Peter brown become ... 61 . eame watch brown , studying he every move . int . bathroom - day eame gesture at a mirror , as if offer to shake hand ... eame ( v.o. ) I have have time to learn brown 's physical presence and mannerism ... in the mirror : browning gesture back . int . workshop - continuous eame now , in the dream , I can impersonate brown and suggest the concept to Fischer 's conscious mind ... ( draw a diagram ) then we take Fischer down another level and he own subconscious feed it right back to he . arthur ( impressed ) so he give himself the idea . eame precisely . that 's the only way to make it stick . it have to seem self - generate . arthur eame , I be impressed . eame you condescension , as always , be much appreciate , Arthur . CUT to : int . deserted HOTEL lobby - day the team sit on the step of the large marble lobby , debate . ariadne be show Arthur the lobby . eame he 's not schedule for surgery , no dental , nothing . cobb I think he have some knee thing ? eame nothing they would put he under for . besides , we need a good ten hour . 62 . saito Sydney to Los Angeles . they turn to saito . saito twelve hour and forty - five minute - one of the longest flight in the world . he make it every two week ... ext . airfield - day Fischer step out of a black town car and walk across the tarmac towards a gulf stream jet , accompany by two aide . cobb ( v.o. ) surely he fly private ? saito ( v.o. ) not if there be unexpected maintenance with he plane . Fischer be meet at the step by a distraught flight officer . int . HOTEL lobby - day cobb chew this over . Arthur come over . arthur it would have to be a 747 . cobb why ? arthur on a 747 the pilot be up above , first class be in the nose so nobody walk through the cabin . we would have to buyout the whole cabin , and the first class flight attendant - saito we buy the airline . everyone turn to saito . saito it seem ... neater . cobb neater , huh ? ( get to he foot ) well , now we have ten uninterrupted hour . ( more ) 63. cobb ( cont 'd ) ( to ariadne ) Nice lobby , by the way . and we - CUT to : int . workshop - day the group be back in the workshop , deep in discussion . arthur my question be how we go down three layer with enough stability . Three layer down a little turbulence be gonna translate into a earthquake . the dream be gonna collapse with the slight disturbance . yusuf clear he throat . yusuf sedation . for sleep stable enough to create three layer of dream ... int . makeshift lab - day yusuf depress a plunger . Arthur be sleeping in a chair . yusuf ( v.o. ) we will have to combine it with a extremely powerful sedative .... eame slap Arthur , hard . Arthur do not stir . int . workshop - day Arthur unconsciously rub he cheek . yusuf the compound we will be use to share the dream be a advanced somnacin derivative . it create a very clear connection between dreamer , whilst actually accelerate brain function . CUT to : cobb buying we more time in each level . yusuf Brain function in the dream will be about twenty time normal . ( more ) 64 . yusuf ( cont 'd ) and when you go into a dream within that dream the effect be compound . ariadne how much time ? yusuf Three dream ... that 's ten hour , time twenty , time twenty , time twenty ... eame math be never my strong suit . cobb it 's basically a week one layer down , six month two layer down - ariadne and ten year in the third level . who want to spend ten year in a dream ? yusuf depend on the dream . eame it 's not go to take we long to crack Fischer open once we get go . we will be out in a couple day , max . arthur how do we get out once we have make the plant ? ( to cobb ) I hope you have get something a little more elegant in mind than shoot I in the head like last time . Arthur tilt back in he chair . yusuf turn to cobb . cobb a kick . ariadne what 's a kick ? eame slip he foot under Arthur 's chair leg . tip it - Arthur 's leg shoot up instinctively for balance - eame that , ariadne , would be a kick . 65 . cobb that feel of fall which snap you awake . we use that to jolt ourselves awake once we be do . arthur but how be we go to feel that through the sedation ? yusuf that 's the clever part . I customize the sedative ... int . makeshift lab - day cobb , eame and yusuf watch Arthur , asleep , in a chair . yusuf ( o.s. ) to leave inner ear function unimpaire ... yusuf , with a wick grin , slowly tip Arthur 's chair backwards ... as he fall , Arthur 's body jerk , eye open just before he hit the floor . int . workshop - day Arthur think , nodd slowly . yusuf that way , however deep the sleep , the sleeper will still feel fall ... int . makeshift lab - day yusuf gleefully leans a sleeping arthur to one side ... yusuf ( v.o. ) or tipping ... Arthur go down with a crash , jerking awake - int . workshop - day Arthur think this through . arthur even that will not cut through three layer of deep sleep . cobb the trick be to devise a kick for each level , then synchronize they to get a snap that penetrate all three layer . 66 . Arthur look at cobb , get it . arthur we can use the musical countdown to synchronize the different kick . int . workshop - night ariadne come into the darken main space . cobb be lie on one of the chair , asleep . plugge into the mechanism . ariadne stand over he . watch . she open the case , pull one of the tube , sit , check the dial as she inject the needle cap into she arm , and we - CUT to : int . cage style elevator - day ariadne ascend . she look at the button . spot the " B . " the elevator stop . she look through the grill at - int . young girl bedroom - day ariadne pull back the grill and walk across the room , consider the dusty furnishings . at the window be a doll 's house , front slightly ajar . ariadne open it . Inside be a safe . she try it . locked . a noise startle she - she turn , look through a doorway into another room ... int . live room - continuous ariadne look into the room to see cobb and mal talk , argue . a private moment . mal brushes at cobb 's hair , try to convince he . we hear snatch of conversation - mal you remember when you ask I to marry you ? cobb of course ... mal you say you have a dream ... cobb that we would grow old together . mal and we can . you know how to find I ... you know what you have to do . cobb be shaking he head , gently . mal look into cobb 's eye - gentle , loving ... mal spot ariadne spying on they . 67 . freeze , stare , hostile . cobb turn , see ariadne , move towards she , leave mal . cobb you should not be in here . cobb guide she back into the elevator . ariadne I want to know what " test " you need to do on you own every night . int . cage style elevator - day cobb shut the cage door . ariadne hit a button . the elevator rise . through the grill ariadne can see a beach stretch off into the distance . the elevator stop . mal sit on the sand . beside she , the two child be crouch , away from we , building a sandcastle . ariadne why do you do this to yourself ? cobb this be the only way I can still dream . ariadne be it so important to dream ? cobb stare at he family . cobb in my dream ... we be still together . the kid , without turning around , jump up and run away . int . cage style elevator - continuous the elevator descend . ariadne but this be not just dream , be they ? they be memory . you say never to use memory . cobb and I should not . ariadne you be keep she alive . cobb no . 68 . ariadne you can not let she go . cobb no . this be moment I regret . moment I turn into dream so I could change they . ariadne 's finger move across the button - stop at the " B . " ariadne what have you get bury down there that you regret ? cobb push she hand away . Hit the third floor button . cobb there 's only one thing I need you to understand about I ... int . kitchen , cobb and mal' house - moment later ariadne follow cobb into the kitchen . a thin man be there , stand by the table . he hold a fold piece of paper . ariadne this be you house ? cobb mine and mal 's . ariadne where be she ? cobb she would already die . the thin man offer cobb the piece of paper . a child shout - cobb turn . ariadne follow he gaze to the garden . a small blonde boy face away from they , crouch on he haunch to look at something on the ground . cobb it 's James . my boy . he 's find something . maybe a worm . a slightly older girl run into view . cobb and there 's philippa . she crouch beside the boy . they face be away from US . they point and discuss whatever be on the ground . 69 . cobb I think about call out , so they would turn and smile that incredible smile ... but I be out of time - the thin man thrust the paper into cobb 's hand . thin man right now . or never , cobb . cobb nod , turn from the window - cobb then I panic that I will always wish I would see they turn , that I can not waste this chance ... cobb turn back to call out - but the child race off ... cobb but the moment 's pass . and whatever I do , the dream 's always the same ... when I be about to call ... they run . cobb watch they run off , call for grandma , face unseen . cobb if I be go to see they face again - I have get to get back here in the real world ... behind he , ariadne slam the grill shut . cobb turn . int . cage style elevator - continuous ariadne hit the basement button . the elevator start to descend . ariadne stare , fascinate as glimpsis of floor slip past : mal 's childhood bedroom , a thunder wall of freight train ... the elevator stop . through the grill ariadne see a HOTEL suite . she pull open the grill , step cautiously out into - int . elegant HOTEL suite - continuous ( now night ) dishevele bedclothes , upended room service table , strawberries across the floor . a struggle . ariadne step forward - smash - she look down to see that she have kick over a champagne flute . ariadne feel a draught . the curtain billow . mal ( o.s. ) what be you do here ? ariadne turn . mal be there . 70 . ariadne my name be - mal I know who you be . what be you do here ? ariadne I do not know . try to understand . mal how could you understand ? do you know what it be to be a lover ? to be half of a whole ? ariadne no . mal move slowly towards ariadne ... mal I will tell you a riddle . you be wait for a train . a train that will take you far away . you know where you hope this train will take you , but you do not know for sure ... mal glide around ariadne , look she over . mal but ... it do not matter . how can it not matter to you where that train will take you ? cobb ( o.s. ) because you will be together . cobb be stand in the elevator . mal nod . look at he . mal how could you bring she here , dom ? ariadne what be this place ? cobb a hotel . we spend we anniversary in this suite . ariadne what happen here ? mal pick up the broken stem of a champagne flute ... 71 . int . cage style elevator - continuous cobb pull ariadne into the elevator - mal throws herself towards ariadne - cobb slam the grill - mal smashes against it again and again like a wild animal - ariadne flinch - mal you promised ! you say we'd be together !- cobb we can . we will . but I need you to stay here for now - mal you say we'd grow old together !- cobb push a button and the elevator start to rise . cobb I will come back . I need you to stay here on you own for now . just while I do this job . then we can be together - mal we'll be together -you promised !- mal throws herself against the grill , and . we - CUT to : int . workshop - night ariadne watch cobb sleep . his eye gradually flicker open . he see she watch he . ariadne you think you can just build a prison of memory to lock she in ? you think that 's go to contain she ? the light come on : saito and Arthur stand in the doorway . saito maurice Fischer just die in Sydney . cobb when 's the funeral ? saito Thursday . in Los Angeles . 72 . cobb Robert will accompany the body Tuesday at the outside . we have to move . cobb get up . ariadne come over to he . ariadne ( low ) I be come with you . cobb no. I promise mile . ariadne the team need someone in there who understand what you be struggle with . if you do not want it to be I then you need to show Arthur what I just see . cobb look at ariadne . turn to saito . cobb we need one more seat on the plane . int . departure gate , sydney - day saito stand look out the window at a 747 . cobb arrive beside he . they watch a coffin be load . cobb if I get on this plane and you have not take care of thing ... when we land I go to jail for the rest of my life . saito complete the job en route , I make one phone call from the plane ... you will have no trouble clear immigration . int . first CLASS cabin , 747 - continuous the luxurious cabin have only ten seat . cobb find he - see ariadne in the seat behind he . they do not acknowledge each other . behind she be Arthur , look out the window . eame enter , stuff he bag into the overhead bin , blocking the passenger behind : ROBERT fischer , stand there , patient , bag in hand , wear black . eame oh , sorry . 73. eame squeezy up against he seat to let Fischer brush past . Fischer move to he seat , directly in front of cobb . eame toss cobb a passport . cobb flip it open : Fischer 's . pocket it . yusuf and saito enter , take they seat . ext . runway - moment later the 747 hurtle down the runway . int . first CLASS cabin , 747 - moment later cobb look down at he hand : a tiny vial tape to the center of he palm . he remove the cap . the seatbelt sign go dark . cobb unbuckle , stand . cobb Excuse I ? Fischer look up . fischer yes ? cobb I think this be yours ... cobb hold up the open passport , compare the picture to Fischer . Fischer 's hand go to he pocket . cobb hand Fischer the passport . flight attendant would you gentleman care for a drink ? fischer Water . cobb same . Fischer give cobb a thin smile . hold up he passport . fischer well , thank you . cobb no problem . look , I could not help notice you name . you be not related to maurice Fischer ? Fischer take a beat . but cobb seem harmless . fischer actually , he be my father . 74 . cobb I be very sorry for you loss . he be a inspiring figure . the Flight attendant bring they drink - cobb take they . cobb thanks . as he turn to Fischer he lower he right hand ... a clear liquid drop into Fischer 's water as cobb hand it to he . cobb to maurice Fischer . ( they drink ) I will leave you in peace . Fischer grant he a smile . ext . 747 - later the great plane soar through a burn cloudscape . int . first CLASS cabin , 747 - moment later cobb reach into the overhead for a blanket - let it fall onto Fischer 's head - Fischer do not flinch . asleep . cobb signal the other . the first Flight attendant unlock a cupboard in the galley , then leave , close the curtain . Arthur move into the galley and pull out a mechanism case . cobb and Arthur open the mechanism - uncoil the tube - feed they around the window side of each of the seat . Arthur roll up Fischer 's cuff - push the needle cap into Fischer 's wrist . Arthur pull Fischer 's cuff down and hide the tube behind the armrest of Fischer 's seat . Arthur run the next tube to ariadne . cobb put the case on yusuf 's lap . yusuf check the timer , tapping the syringe . the other recline they seat . yusuf hit a button - close the case - place it at he foot . he settles back , and we - CUT to : int . sedan - day cobb drive . saito and Arthur be in the back . rain beat down . cobb pull over - ext . new york street - continuous yusuf stand on the corner , silver briefcase in hand , collar turn up against the rain . he reach for the door . 75 . int . sedan - continuous yusuf clamber into the back , brush rain from he face . arthur ( indicate rain ) could not you have peed before you go under ? yusuf sorry . the front door open and eame climb in , soak . eame bit too much free champagne before takeoff , yusuf ? yusuf ha bloody ha . cobb at least we know he will be look for a cab in this . int . / ext . sedan on rainy new york street - continuous cobb pull out into the heavy traffic . he weave around several car before lining up behind a yellow cab . cobb brace yourselves . cobb hit the gas - rear end the cab with a crunch . the cabdriver get out , fume . head to cobb 's window - cabdriver hey , asshole ! why do not you try drive without you thumb up - he see the silenced pistol cobb be hold at he belly . cobb walk away . the cabdriver back off . Arthur climb into the cab . both car pull away . int . / ext . cab on rainy new york street - continuous Arthur slow in front of the train station , peer at the pede pedestrian . he spot Fischer , light the cab 's sign . Fischer flag he down . Fischer jump into the back , brush rain from he shoulder . 76 . fischer third and market . snappy . eame jump in from the other side . fischer what be you do ? eame sorry , I think it be free . maybe we could share . fischer maybe not . saito get into the front passenger seat . point a gun . fischer great . Arthur pull away . Fischer pull out he wallet and toss it at eame . fischer ( contemptuous ) there 's 500 dollar in there . and the wallet 's worth more than that . for that you ought to at least drop I at my stop . eame smile at this . eame I be afraid - a shot shatter the window by eame 's head - another shot impact by saito - eame get we out of here ! Arthur hit the gas , but a black s.u.v. skid sideways in front , blocking the path - a block behind - cobb be at a light . ariadne be get in the front . cobb have heard the gunfire - cobb come on !- cobb look ahead to the ambush , hit the gas - the sedan rocket forward ... but bam - a freight train clip the front of the sedan , shove it sideways as a endless train barrel past , a wall between cobb and the ambush - 77 . a second s.u.v. be behind the cab - plain clothes security men advance through the traffic , weapon train on the cab . bullet rip into the cab as eame throw himself on top of Fischer , pulling a sack over he head - Inside the sedan , ariadne watch the train pass - ariadne this be not in the design - cobb back up , spin around , head for the tail of the train - a Security man emerge from the front s.u.v. carry a automatic rifle - he step towards the cab through the rain , raise he weapon and blast the cab' windscreen - cobb clear the end of the train , and skid across the track - Arthur crouch down - push the accelerator with he hand - yank the wheel - flying blind . the cab nail the Security man , crunching into the front s.u.v .- cobb smashes he car into the rear s.u.v. , create a gap - Arthur yank the transmission and reverse - scraping through the gap - Security Men dive out of the way - Arthur throw a rag j-turn to head down a side STREET - cobb follow in the other car . rain whip across Arthur 's face as he breathes - arthur everybody okay ? saito ? Arthur look at saito . saito 's hand be at he belly . cover in blood . ext . warehouse - moment later the sedan and cab pull into the side entrance - eame jump out - pull the shutter down behind they - int . warehouse - continuous yusuf and eame pull Fischer from the cab , hustling he through a doorway . cobb jump out of the sedan , furious . cobb Arthur ! Arthur what the - Arthur pull the bloody saito from the front seat . cobb oh , Christ . be he die ? 78 . arthur I do not know . what happen back there ? where be you ? cobb we be block by a freight train . arthur ( to ariadne ) why would you put a train crossing in a downtown intersection ? ariadne I do not . cobb ( snap ) why be we all ambush , Arthur ?! that be not regular projection - they would be train ! ariadne how could they be train ? arthur Fischer 's have a extractor teach he mind to defend itself . his subconscious be militarize . it should have show on the research - cobb so why the hell do not it ?! arthur calm down . cobb do not tell I to calm down - you be mean to check Fischer 's background thoroughly . you can not make this kind of mistake - we be not prepare for this kind of violence - arthur cobb , we have deal with sub-security before . we just have to be more - cobb this be not part of the plan , Arthur ! ( point at saito ) he 's die ! eame so we put he out of he misery . 79 . eame step into the room , pull he gun and move over saito . cobb no . eame he 's in agony . let 's wake he up - cobb grab eame 's arm . cobb no ! ( they lock eye ) it will not wake he up . eame what do you mean , it will not wake he ? when you die in a dream you wake up . yusuf not from this . we be too heavily sedate to wake up that way . eame look at yusuf , then to cobb . eame so what happen if one of we die ? cobb that person do not wake up . they mind drop into limbo . ariadne limbo ? arthur unconstruct dream space . ariadne what 's down there ? arthur Raw , infinite subconscious . nothing there but what be leave behind by anyone on the team who 's be trap there before . on this team ... just cobb . ariadne how long would we be stick there ? 80 . yusuf you could not even think about try to escape until the sedation ease - eame how long ? yusuf decade - it could be infinite - I do not know ! ask he - he 's the one who 's be there before ! eame move to cobb . look he in the eye . eame great . so now we be stick in Fischer 's mind battle it out with he private army , and if we get hit we be stick in limbo ' till we brain dissolve into scramble egg ? cobb say nothing . saito groan more loudly . arthur let 's just get he upstairs . int . office , warehouse - moment later saito be laid out on a old desk . Arthur examine he . he motion to ariadne . eame watch cobb . arthur hold this . firm pressure . Arthur turn to cobb . arthur you know the risk and you do not tell we . cobb there be not mean to be any risk . we be not suppose to be deal with a load of gunnre . arthur you have no right . cobb it 's the only way you can go three layer deep , Arthur . Arthur turn to yusuf , hostile . 81 . arthur and you . you go along with this ? yusuf I trust he . arthur you trust he ? when ? when he promise you half he share ? yusuf ( offended ) no ! his whole share . plus , he tell I he would do it before . Arthur turn to cobb . arthur oh , yeah ? with mal ? that work out great , do not it , cobb ? cobb grab Arthur . cobb you do not know anything about that . this be the only way to do this job , Arthur . I do what I have to do to get back to my child . eame so you lead we into a war zone with no way out . cobb we have a way out . the kick . we just have to push on , do the job as fast as possible and get out use the kick . eame forget it . we go any deeper , we just raise the stake . I be sit it out on this level . cobb you will never make it , eame . Fischer 's security be surround this place as we speak . the ten hour of the flight be a week at this level - you will never make it without get kill . downward be the only way forward . we have to carry on . saito groan . cobb look at he - 82. cobb and we have to do it fast . eame and Arthur weigh this . cobb eame , go get ready . Arthur , let 's get in there and soften he up . int . bathroom , warehouse - later cobb and Arthur , wear balaclavas , pull the sack from Fischer 's head . he be chain to the radiator . fischer I be insure against kidnap up to ten million - this will be simple - cobb no , it will not . Fischer look at cobb , unnerve . arthur in. you lather 's office , below the bookshelve , be he personal safe . we need the combination . fischer I never notice a safe - cobb do not mean you do not know the combination . fischer well , I do not . arthur we have it on good authority that you do . fischer whose ? int . office , warehouse - continuous yusuf look through Fischer 's wallet . eame be open a hinged , three - wing mirror . yusuf five hundred dollar , this cost ? eame what 's inside ? 83. yusuf Cash , card , id ... and this - yusuf hold up a snapshot : the photo from maurice Fischer 's office - young ROBERT hold he homemade pinwheel , he father blow on it . eame take it from yusuf . study it . cobb enter . eame hand he the snapshot . eame useful ? cobb study the snapshot . eame examine himself in the hinge mirror from multiple angle : one by one the myriad eame reflection become brownings . cobb pocket the photo . cobb you be on . you have get a hour . eame a hour ? I be suppose to have all night to crack he . cobb and saito be suppose to keep he gut on the inside . you have get a hour- get something we can use . eame turn from the mirror as browning . he glance at he watch , then scream , as if begging for mercy - int . bathroom , warehouse - continuous brown 's cry reverberate - Fischer look up , concerned - fischer what 's that ? arthur good authority . another cry ring out . Fischer recognize the voice . fischer uncle Peter ?! make they stop - arthur the combination . fischer I do not know it ! arthur why would brown tell we you do ? fischer let I talk to he - I will find out . 84 . int . bathroom , warehouse - moment later cobb push brown ( eame ) , bloody and bruise , into the room and force he down next to Fischer . cobb handcuffs brown 's wrist to a metal bracket on the side of the sink . cobb you have get a hour . get talk . cobb leave . browning ( eame ) they have have I for two day . they have get someone with access to you father 's office and they be try to open he safe - they think I would know the combination , but I do not - fischer neither do I , uncle Peter . browning ( confuse ) maurice tell I that after he pass only you would be able to open it . fischer he never give I the combination . brown think for a minute . realize something . browning he do , he just do not tell you that it be a combination . fischer what , then ? browning something only you would know . some meaningful combination of number from you experience with maurice - fischer we do not have a lot of meaningful experience together . browning perhaps after you mother die ... fischer after my mother die , I go to he in my grief . ( more ) 85 . fischer ( cont 'd ) you know what he tell I ? " there 's really nothing to be say , Robert . " browning he always have a hard time with emotional - fischer I be eleven , uncle Peter . brown ( eame ) take this in . browning he love you , Robert . in he way . fischer " in he way ? " at the end he call I to he deathb . he could barely speak , but he take the trouble to say one last thing to I . he pull I close ... I could make out only one word . " disappointed . " brown can say nothing . int . office , warehouse - continuous cobb pull off he balaclava . look down at saito , who be breathe fast , shallow . cobb how 's he do ? ariadne he 's in a lot of pain . cobb take saito 's hand . look he in the eye . cobb when we get you down to the next level , the pain will be less intense . saito nod , breathe hard . ariadne ( low ) and if he die ? cobb his conscious mind will drop out of the dream . he will be trap in limbo for a lifetime ... ariadne what will that do to he ? 86 . cobb look at she . grave . cobb when he wake ... he mind could be completely go . saito when ... when we wake I will still honor we arrangement ... cobb look down at saito sadly . cobb saito-san , when you wake you might not even remember that we have a arrangement . you will have forget this world . limbo will be you reality . lose there so long , you ' will have become a old man ... saito fill with regret ? cobb wait to die alone . yes . saito then I will take the chance and come back . and we will be young man together again . saito smile weakly . cobb nod at he , turn to ariadne . ariadne when be you trap in limbo ? cobb say nothing . ariadne pull he away from saito . ariadne cobb , you might have convinced the rest of this team to carry on with the job . but they do not know the truth . cobb what truth ? ariadne the truth that at any minute you might bring a freight train through the wall . the truth that mal be burst up through you subconscious . ( more ) 87 . ariadne ( cont 'd ) the truth that as we go deeper into Fischer , we be also go deeper into you - and I be not sure we be go to like what we find there . cobb stare back at ariadne . say nothing . ariadne this be not just about Fischer , it 's about you . tell I what happen to you and mal . trapped in limbo . cobb look at she . think it through . cobb we be on a job . explore dream within dream . but we do not understand how you mind can turn hour into year . how you can get trap . trapped so deep that when you wash up on the shore of you subconscious ... insert CUT : mal lie on the sand , staring up at a cloudless sky , wave washing over her ... cobb you can lose track of what 's real . ariadne how long be you stick ? cobb pause before he answer . look at ariadne . cobb fifty year . ariadne stare at he , incredulous . ariadne how do you stand it ? insert CUT : cobb and mal build a sandcastle on the beach ... cobb we build . we create a whole world for ourselves ... insert CUT : cobb and mal walk through a deserted CITY . cobb it 's not so bad at first , be god . the problem be know that it 's not real . it become impossible for I to live like that . 88. ariadne but not for she ? cobb she accept it . at some point ... insert CUT : int . mal' childhood home - day mal open a doll house . Inside be a safe . she open it - it be empty . she pull out she spinning top . cobb ( v.o. ) ... she would decide to forget that we world be not real . mal place the top inside the safe . lock it away ... int . office , warehouse - continuous ariadne and when you finally wake up ? cobb to wake from that . from decade live . to be old soul throw back into youth . it be hard . at first mal seem okay . but I start to realize something be wrong . finally she admit it . this idea she be possess by . this simple little idea that change everything ... ariadne what be it ? cobb that we world be not real . no matter what I do , no matter what I say , she be convinced that we be still in a dream . that we need to wake up again ... int . cobb and mal' kitchen - day ( flashback ) cobb be try to calm mal , who be hysterical . cobb ( v.o. ) that to get home we would have to kill ourselves . int . workshop - day ariadne look at cobb , appal . 89 . ariadne what about you child ? cobb have to look away . cobb she ... she believe they be not real . that we real child be wait . somewhere above ... int . cobb and mal' kitchen - day ( flashback ) mal shake she head at cobb as he usher the child out of the room , face unseen - cobb calm down , mal - mal they be projection , dom . you dream . I be they mother - do not you think I can tell the difference ? cobb close the door - turn to she , eye full of bitter tear . cobb if it 's my dream then why can not I control it ? why can not I stop this ? mal ( it 's obvious ) you do not know you be dream . cobb you keep tell I I be - mal and you do not believe I ! cobb ( v.o. ) she be certain . but she love I too much to go without I . so she make a plan ... int . elegant HOTEL corridor - night ( flashback ) cobb walk along , check door number against a key . cobb ( v.o. ) for we anniversary ... int . elegant HOTEL suite - continuous ( flashback ) cobb enter the lavish suite . he notice the dishevele bedclothes . 90 . he step forward - smash - he have tip over a champagne glass with he foot ... dinner for two be spread across the floor . he look at the debris , confuse ... next to the break glass be a spinning top . he pick it up , study it , think . he feel a draught , look to the window . the curtain billow . ext . exterior atrium - continuous ( flashback ) cobb look out the window : mal sit on the ledge of the opposite window . hair blowing . foot dangle over the dizzyingly high atrium . she smile . mal join I . cobb mal , come back inside . mal no. I be go to jump . and you be come with I . cobb no , I be not . this be real - if you jump , you be not go to wake up , you be go to die . let 's go back inside and talk about this , please . mal we have talk enough . she kick off a shoe and watch it drop . mal come out onto the ledge or I will jump right now . she mean it . cobb swing he leg out , sit on the ledge opposite be wife . he look down at the drop . mal I be ask you to take a leap of faith . cobb I can not do that , mal . I can not leave we child . mal if I go without you , they will take they away , anyway . cobb what do you mean ? 91 . mal I file a letter with we attorney . explain how I be fearful for my safety , how you have threaten to kill I ... cobb look back at the wreck hotel suite , panicking ... mal ( cont 'd ) I love you , dom . I have freed you from the guilt of choose to leave they . we be go home to we real child . cobb out child be here , mal . mal close her eye . cobb look for some way to reach she ... mal you be wait for a train ... cobb no ! mal , no , I can 't ! mal a train that will take you far away ... cobb don't do this ! mal you know where you hope this train will take you , you can not know for sure ... cobb don 't ! mal but it do not matter ... cobb no ! mal because you will be together ... mal slip forward into space . cobb scream after she . then try to bury he face in the wall ... int . office , warehouse - day cobb stare as he remember . 92 . cobb he letter to the authority refute all the claim about she sanity that she know I would make ... int . cobb and mal' kitchen - day ( flashback ) cobb stand with the thin man , who have a piece of paper . cobb ( v.o. ) she would have herself declare sane by three different psychiatrist . cobb hear a shout - turn to the garden . James crouch , philippa join he , examine the ground , face unseen ... cobb ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be impossible for I to explain the nature of she madness ... the thin man thrust the paper into cobb 's hand . thin man right now . or never , cobb . cobb turn back to the window - about to call out - James and philippa run off . cobb turn from the window . look at the paper in he hand . it be a airplane ticket . cobb ( v.o. ) so I run . and I have be run ever since , try to buy my way back to my family ... int . office , warehouse - day cobb look across at ariadne . ariadne psychiatrist judge she sane ? cobb she be sane . she be just lose in the labyrinth . ariadne then why should you blame yourself ? cobb because we be a family . and we have a life I would do anything to get back to now . but that reality be not enough for I then . 93. ariadne it might have be you idea to push the limit , cobb . but you be not responsible for the idea that destroy she . the idea that she world be not real ... that be she own idea from she own mind . cobb say nothing . ariadne ( cont 'd ) you guilt define she . power she . if we be go to succeed in this , you be go to have to forgive yourself , and you be go to have to confront she . but you do not have to do it alone . cobb you do not have to do this for I - ariadne I be do it for the other . they do not know the risk they have take come in here with you . cobb look at the rooftop opposite , see a sniper take up a position . cobb shake he head , frustrated . cobb we can not stay here . Arthur ?! int . bathroom , warehouse - continuous brown put he hand on Fischer 's shoulder . browning this people be go to kill we if we do not give they the combination . fischer they will not , they will try to ransom we - browning I hear they - they be go to lock we in and run the can into the river . fischer what be in the safe ? 94 . browning something for you . maurice always say it be he most previous gift ... a will . fischer maurice 's will be with Port and dunn. browning it 's a alternate . it supersede the other only if you want it to . fischer what do it say ? browning it split all the component business of Fischer morrow into individual company , transfer ownership to the board of that company ... fischer leave I nothing ? browning a basic live . nothing more . the entire empire would cease to exist . fischer destroy my own inheritance ? why would he suggest such a thing ? browning I do not know , Robert . cobb open the door . Arthur be behind he . cobb come to you sense ? fischer let we go . I do not know the combination . not consciously . cobb consider this . open he phone . pull out he gun . cobb let 's try instinctively . I have someone stand in you father 's office ready to tap in a combination . he hold the phone to Fischer 's mouth . 95 . cobb ( cont 'd ) first six number that come into you head . right now . fischer I have no idea - cobb swing the gun onto brown - cobb right now ! fischer five , two , eight ... four , nine , one . cobb lower he weapon . listen to the phone . shake he head . shut the phone . cobb you will have to do better . bag `em . Arthur put sack over they head . int . warehouse - continuous cobb and Arthur drag Fischer and brown to the van - fischer we be worth much more to you alive ... Arthur place Fischer on the back seat - use a dropper to drop liquid onto Fischer 's mask - he head slump forward . " brown " yank the sack from he head - it be now eame . eame ( excited ) his relationship with he father 's much worse that we think . arthur that help we ? Arthur pull a sniper rifle from a case by the van . cobb the stronger the issue , the more powerful the catharsis . cobb motion for yusuf to follow he upstairs . arthur but how do you reconcile they if they be that estrange ? 96 . eame I be work on that . Arthur line up a shot through the window - arthur well , work fast - Fischer 's projection be close in quick , we need to break out of here before we be totally box in ... Arthur shoot two sniper . cobb and yusuf gently load saito into the van . he groan . ariadne strap he in , check he bandage . Arthur can not get the last sniper - he 's too hide behind a wall - eame should not be afraid to dream a little bigger , Arthur - eame line up a shot with a grenade launcher . fire - the sniper explode into the air - Arthur look at eame . eame ( cont 'd ) shall we ? they climb into the van - int . / ext . van on rainy street - continuous the van pull out into the rain -drench street . Arthur open the mechanism case and hand out tube - cobb shift Fischer 's antipathy from he father onto brown should work . eame we need the imagery , the word ... ariadne so you destroy he one positive relationship ? cobb no . we repair he relationship with he father and expose he godfather 's true nature . eame Hell , we should be charge Fischer as much as saito . 97 . arthur what about he security ? it 's go to get worse as we go deeper . cobb we bring in Mr. Charles . arthur no . eame who 's Mr. Charles ? arthur a bad idea . cobb Arthur , the second we approach Fischer in that hotel , they be gonna mow we down - we run with Mr. Charles like on the stein job . eame so you have do it before ? arthur sure . but it do not work . the subject realize he be dream and he subconscious tore we to piece . eame take this in . eame you learn a lot , though . right ? cobb ( to eame ) I will need a decoy . eame no problem . how about a pretty young lady I have use before ? cobb Fine - cobb look back : a second s.u.v. pull out , tailing they . cobb ( cont 'd ) ( to yusuf ) I know you have get to stay ahead of they , but drive with kid glove , okay ? the world down there be go to be very unstable - 98 . arthur and do not make the jump too soon - that kick be we only way back , we have to be ready to catch it - yusuf I will use the music to let you know when it 's come , but the rest be up to you . Arthur put the mechanism onto the front seat . yusuf ( cont 'd ) everyone ready ? nod all round . yusuf ( cont 'd ) sweet dream - yusuf hit a button and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby bar - sunset Fischer nurse a drink . stare at the ice crack . blonde ( o.s. ) be I boring you ? Fischer look up . a beautiful blonde be next to he . blonde ( cont 'd ) I be tell you my story . I guess it be not to you like . fischer I have a lot on my mind . Fischer look around the bar . there be several stern -looking character pay he too much attention . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous Arthur and ariadne sit at a table across the lobby . they spot cobb move across the lobby towards Fischer . arthur and there go Mr. Charles . ariadne who or what , exactly , be Mr. Charles ? 99 . arthur it 's a gambit design to turn Fischer against he own subconscious . int . HOTEL lobby bar - continuous cobb approach the bar , watch closely by Fischer 's sub - security . cobb Mr. fishcer ! good to see you again . Rod Green , Marketing . ( to blonde ) and you must be ... blonde leave . she press against Fischer as she slide off she stool and deposit a cocktail napkin in front of he . blonde ( cont 'd ) in case you get bored . cobb watch she walk away . the sub-security follows she . cobb I think you just get blow off ... unless she phone number really do have only six digit . Fischer glance at the napkin : " 528-491 . " int . HOTEL lobby - continuous Arthur watch the sub-security follow the blonde . ariadne and why do not you approve ? arthur because it involve tell the mark that he 's dream . which involve attract a lot of attention to we . ariadne do not cobb say never to do that ? arthur you must have notice by now how much time cobb spend do thing he say never to do . 100 . int . HOTEL lobby bar - continuous cobb turn to Fischer . cobb strange way to make friend . ( off look ) lift you wallet , I mean . Fischer pat he pocket . empty . he look to the lobby where he see the sub-security trail the blonde . fischer goddamn it . the wallet alone 's worth - cobb five hundred buck . I know . do not worry , my guy be on it . fischer who do you say you be ? Fischer look at he , curious . cobb plow on , confident - cobb I say I be Rod Green from Marketing - but I be not . my name be Mr. Charles . I might seem familiar to you . I be in charge of you security here . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous the blonde hurry up to saito , emerge from the elevator - blonde Mr. saito , can I have a minute ? she push he back into the elevator , close the door as the sub-security approach ... int . elevator - continuous the blonde fondle saito 's lapel , get close . saito I be sorry , but ... saito glance over she shoulder to see , in the tunnel of infinite reflection create by the elevator 's oppose mirror , three reflection in , the blonde be eame . he wink . saito ( cont 'd ) ( push he away ) very amusing , Mr. eame . 101 . eame you look a bit perkier . a shudder ripple through the elevator . saito turbulence on the plane . eame feel closer . that 's yusuf 's drive . and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy downtown street - day yusuf fight the wheel as the van cut down a alley , bumping over pothole and smashing trash can aside - three s.u.v.s in furious pursuit . yusuf look in the rear view mirror , frustrate . he check he watch , then check the back : the sleeper shake with the impact and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby bar - night as a tremor echoe through the bar Fischer look at cobb try to place he . fischer Security ? you work for the hotel ? cobb no . my specialty be subconscious security . fischer you be talk about dream . you be talk about extraction . cobb exactly . my job be to protect you ... behind Fischer a waiter put down a tray - tipping a champagne glass over - smash - cobb notice . pause , look across the bar - he two child be crouched , back toward US ... cobb look around the bar , the patron start to stare at cobb , suspicious - cobb shift back to Fischer - 102 . cobb ( cont 'd ) my job be to protect you from any attempt to access you mind through you dream . cobb regains he patter - the patron lose interest ... int . elevator - continuous eame pull out Fischer 's wallet , move to hand it to saito , then pause , open it , leaf past the cast to find ... the snapshot : young Robert hold he homemade pinwheel , he father blow on it . the elevator door open and eame step off . hand saito the wallet . eame get off at a different floor and keep move . dump the wallet , then meet I in the lobby . the security will try to track it down . we need to buy cobb a little more time . the door close . saito put the wallet in he pocket . he cough - a deep , nasty cough . int . HOTEL lobby bar - continuous cobb look over Fischer 's shoulder to see a suite man watch he . another man be walk in from the lobby . cobb you be not safe here . cobb step away from the bar . Fischer do not move . cobb ( cont 'd ) trust I . they be come for you . Fischer size he up , a clap of thunder echoes , and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy downtown street - day gunshot blast out the rear and side window of the van - a Security man be lean out of the lead s.u.v. with a shotgun - wind and rain rip through the van - in the back , arthur be sleeping face be whipped by the spray , and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby bar - sunset Fischer look out the window at sudden , hurricane - like rain - 103 . cobb strange weather , huh ? a tremor run through the bar - cobb look around - cobb ( cont 'd ) you feel that ? int . HOTEL lobby - continuous ariadne and Arthur watch the gust of wind rattle the window . Arthur see HOTEL guest stare out at the weather , puzzle . several of they turn to look directly at arthur . ariadne what 's happen ? arthur cobb 's draw Fischer 's attention to the strangeness of the dream . that 's make he subconscious look for the dreamer . for I . and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy street - day at the end of the alley - yusuf throws the van into a hard right turn - we move into extreme slow motion ... the sleeper in the back be drawn to one side of the van by the centrifugal force ... and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby bar - continuous the liquid in Fischer 's drink rise up against one side of the glass - Fischer notice , confuse . cobb very odd - the weather , the gravity ... Fischer look around the bar - it 's as if the entire room be set at a 45 - degree angle - glass sliding off table ... cobb ( cont 'd ) but I can explain all this . you have actually be train for this . ( Fischer nod ) think of the strangeness of the weather , the shift in gravity . none of this be real ... ( more ) 104 . cobb ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we be in a dream . Fischer look at the room around they . back to cobb . all through the bar , patron turn to look at cobb in unison . cobb ( cont 'd ) the simple test of what I be say be for you to try and remember anything about the way you arrive in this hotel ... okay ? Fischer stare at cobb , try to process this . all around they , people stare at cobb . several get up as if to approach . cobb ( cont 'd ) breathe . remember the training . accept the fact that we be in a dream . that 's why I be here protect you . as Fischer consider this we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy street - day yusuf straighten up the van , racing down the street , swerving through traffic and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby bar - evening the building gradually ease back into alignment - fischer so you ... you be not real ? the bar patron start to ignore cobb again . cobb no . I be a projection of you subconscious . I be put in place to protect you in the event that extractor pull you into a dream . I believe that 's what have happen . Fischer take this in . then look at the Security Men approach across the crooked floor , he nod at cobb - 105 . int . HOTEL lobby - evening cobb escort Fischer across the lobby . as he do so , he walk past the two child , back to we - cobb ignore they - the two sub-security fall in behind . cobb hurry Fischer up the stair - then push he into - int . HOTEL lobby bathroom - continuous Fischer stumble in - turn to cobb , angry - fischer hey - cobb reach into he jacket - the first man burst in - cobb kick he to the ground - draw he gun as the second man come through the door , move towards Fischer - blam ! cobb blast the second man in the back - turn and shoot the first man . fischer ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! what be you do ?! cobb turn to Fischer , calm . convince . cobb look at the gun in he hand . Fischer look : the second man be hold a pistol . cobb open the first man 's jacket to show Fischer he holster and sidearm . cobb ( cont 'd ) this man be send to abduct you . cobb pull out the gun and hand it to Fischer . cobb ( cont 'd ) if I be go to help you , I need you to be calm . Fischer remember something . fischer if this be a dream , I have to kill myself and wake up - Fischer raise the gun towards he head - cobb I would not do that - they have probably get you sedate . if you pull that trigger , you might not wake up , you might drop into a lower dream state . ( more ) 106 . cobb ( cont 'd ) Mr. Fischer , you know all this , you just have to remember it ... Fischer lower he gun . int . HOTEL corridor - continuous saito walk down the corridor , follow by a Security man . saito duck around the corner , move to a garbage chute and drop Fischer 's wallet into it . he slip into the stairwell as the Security man come abreast of the chute and pause . int . HOTEL corridor - continuous Arthur lead ariadne to a particular room : 491 . int . room 491 - continuous Arthur lead ariadne in . he open the closet , open the room safe , pull we four brick of plastic explosive . arthur so , if everything 's correct , this room should be directly below 528 . int . HOTEL lobby bathroom - continuous cobb look reassuringly at Fischer . cobb what do you remember from before this dream ? fischer ( think ) rain ... gunfire ... uncle Peter . ( look up ) Christ - we have be kidnap . cobb where be they hold you ? fischer they have we ... in the back of a van ... cobb you body 's bounce around in the back of a van right now - that explain the gravity shift . fischer it be ... to do with a safe ... Christ , why 's it so hard to remember ? 107 . cobb it 's like try to remember a dream after you have wake up . it take year of practice to do it easily . so , you and brown have be pull into this dream so they can steal something from you mind . what ? fischer they want a combination to a safe ... they demand the first number to pop into my head . cobb that 's they extract a locator . fischer a locator ? cobb a number from you own subconscious . it can be use any number of way ... ( think ) this be a hotel . room number . what be the number you give they ? fischer 5 , 2 ... something ... it be a long number . 528 ... 528 , 4 something . cobb ( open phone ) well , we know where to start . ( into phone ) fifth floor . int . room 491 - continuous Arthur hang up the phone . he be stand on a chair , attach the explosive to the ceiling . ariadne do you use a timer ? arthur no , I have to judge it myself . once you be all asleep up in room 528 , I wait `til yusuf start he kick ... ariadne how will you know ? 108 . arthur his music warn I it 's come , then the van hit the barrier of the bridge should be unmistakable - that 's when I blow the floor out from underneath we and we get a nice synchronize kick . too soon , and we will not get pull out ; too late and I will not be able to drop we . ariadne why not ? arthur the van will be in free fall . I can not drop we with no gravity . Arthur finish set the charge . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous saito move through the lobby . brown be come in the other direction . saito assume he to be eame . saito I see you have change . browning I be sorry ? eame come up behind brown , catch saito 's eye . saito I be ... I mistake you for a friend . browning good-look fellow , I be sure . brown move off . saito approach eame . eame that 's Fischer 's projection of brown . we will keep a eye on how he behave - saito why ? eame how he act will tell we if Fischer 's start to suspect he motive the way we want he to . 109 . int . HOTEL corridor , fifth floor - moment later cobb lead Fischer around a corner . Arthur and ariadne be wait in the corridor . cobb they work for I . Fischer start look at room number . stop at 528 . cobb draw he gun , step back from the door and kick it open . int . room 528 - continuous cobb jump into the room , gun up . the room be empty . Arthur and ariadne search the room . saito and eame arrive . eame shut the door . Arthur find something - arthur Mr. Charles ! Arthur hold up a mechanism case . cobb show it to Fischer . cobb you know what this be ? Fischer 's eye roam over the dial and plunger . fischer I think so . but I do not understand . cobb they be go to put you under . fischer I be already under . cobb under again . fischer a dream within a dream ? arthur shhhh ! Arthur be at the door . someone be there . a key go into the lock - the door start to open- Arthur reach over and grab the person enter , throws they to the floor - put he gun in they face . it be browning . Fischer stare , disbely , at he own godfather . fischer uncle Peter . what 's go on ? cobb pull the key from brown 's hand : room 528. 110 . cobb you say you be kidnap together ? fischer not exactly , they already have he . they would be torture he ... cobb you see they torture he ? Fischer shake he head . look at brown . think . fischer the kidnapper be work for you . browning no , Robert - fischer you be try to get that safe open . to get the alternate will . brown look up at Fischer . browning Fischer morrow 's be my entire life . I can not let you destroy it . fischer I be not go to throw away my inheritance . why would I ? browning I could not take the chance of you rise to you father 's final taunt . fischer what taunt ? browning that will . I be sorry , Robert , but it 's he final insult . a challenge to build something for yourself . he 's tell you that you be not worthy of he achievement . Fischer take this in . devastate . fischer that he be " disappointed ? " 111 . browning I be so sorry . but he be wrong . you will make he company even great than he ever could . cobb you godfather 's lie , Robert . Fischer turn to cobb . fischer how do you know ? cobb it 's what I do . he 's hide something . cobb look at brown . cobb let 's find out what . cobb nod at Arthur , who start unpack the mechanism . brown watch . Silent . cobb let 's do to he what he be go to do to you . cobb roll up he sleeve . nod at Fischer to do the same . cobb we will penetrate he subconscious and find out what he do not want you to know . Fischer look cobb in the eye . decide - roll up he sleeve , offer he bare arm . the team run tube to each other - Arthur inject Fischer , whose head slump . arthur he 's out . ariadne wait , cobb - I be lose . whose subconscious be we go into ? cobb Fischer 's . I tell he it be brown 's so he would come with we as part of we team . arthur ( impressed ) he 's go to help we break into he own subconscious . 112 . cobb that 's the idea . he will think that he security be brown 's and fight they to learn the truth about he father . Arthur hit button on the mechanism . the team go out one by one . cobb be last . cobb Fischer 's subconscious be go to run you down hard . arthur I will lead they on a merry chase . cobb be back in time for the kick . arthur I be on it . cobb be no longer listen - he stare at the net curtain , billowing like that in mal 's suite - a glimpse of someone ( mal ? ) as the screen go white , and we be - ext . snow - cover mountain - day close on cobb 's face , stare . fix . ariadne ( o.s. ) cobb ? cobb ? ariadne be beside he . they stand on a cliff , dress in white snowsuit , carry white - paint weapon like WWII commando . cobb check he sniper rifle , examine they objective : a massive fortified medical facility a mile below . ariadne what 's down there ? cobb hopefully , the truth we want Fischer to learn . ariadne I mean what 's down there for you ? cobb turn to she . eame , saito and Fischer arrive , skiing down from the hill above . cobb pull eame out of Fischer 's earshot . cobb you be the dreamer . I need you to draw the security away from the complex . 113. eame then who guide Fischer in ? you ? cobb if I know the route ... we could be compromise . eame look as cobb , uneasy . ariadne come over . ariadne I design the place . cobb no . you be with I . saito ( o.s. ) I could do it . they turn to saito . saito shrug at eame . eame smile . cobb eame , brief saito on the route into the complex . what we be look for be go to be in the most heavily fortify section . that north tower . cobb move to Fischer . saito cough . spit . eame see blood on the snow . look at saito . cobb Mr. Fischer , you be go in with Mr. saito . fischer you be not come in ? cobb you have to do this on you own . you have to get in there , break into you godfather 's mind and find out the truth about you father . cobb tap Fischer 's radio mike . cobb keep this live at all time . I will be listen in , cover you . ( hold up the sniper rifle ) the window on the upper floor be big enough that I can cover you from that south tower . 114 . cobb slip into he skis , shoulder he rifle . CUT to : int . room 528 - night Arthur check the mechanism . he hear low boom like thunder . he check he watch - the second hand crawl forward . with a last look at the sleeper , he head out into the corridor ... int . / ext . van on rainy downtown street - day a gunshot slam into the van as yusuf drive - he glance back to see a motorcycle pull up behind he , the rear passenger firing a shotgun - the bike pull alongside yusuf 's window as the passenger reload - yusuf yank the wheel toward the bike , bring the shotgun barrel into the cab so he can grab it , spin the wheel back - pulling the passenger from the back of the bike ... yusuf turn a corner , head into a disus market - int . HOTEL corridor - continuous Arthur walk towards the elevator . it open - a security man emerge , head right for he . Arthur take a turn , speed up . the boom be louder , and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy downtown street - day the bike cross behind the van , catch up again as the driver pull a handgun and start blasting . up ahead , a s.u.v. sit in a side road , lining up to head off the van - the security man drive the s.u.v. gun it , as the bike creep up on the other side of the van- yusuf hit the brake , force the bike out into the path of the s.u.v. , toss the rider like a rag doll - head out of the market , the van race onto a freeway on ramp , approach the bridge . a s.u.v. smashes into the van 's side , forcing it up against a crash barrier ... the van start to slowly tilt over the barrier as the s.u.v. push - CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night as Arthur hurry down the corridor , the corridor start to tilt , and Arthur be force to run up onto the wall - he round a corner - straight into another Security man- Arthur head butt he and they struggle - as they struggle , the corridor spin around , throwing they up onto the wall , the ceiling - as wall become floor they drop through a door into - 115 . int . HOTEL room - continuous the fight continue all over the spin room - and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy off ramp near bridge - day sleeping arthur bounce around as the van tilt , scraping along the barrier - the van clear the end of the barrier and roll down the embankment , and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night Arthur and the Security man drop to the floor , Arthur on top . Arthur get up - head to the stairwell . int . / ext . van on rainy street near bridge - day the van settle with a thump . yusuf breathes hard . then smile as he realize he be in one piece . a ringing bell up ahead make he look up to the bridge , where the barrier be start to come down . yusuf check he watch - yusuf bugger . yusuf hit the gas , head for the bridge . a s.u.v. line up behind he , try to catch up before the van cross the barrier onto the bridge - the van just make it - the s.u.v. behind rip its read axle off , scraping to a halt on the rise section . the Security man inside start firing on the van ... int . HOTEL stairwell - continuous Arthur race down the step - open the door to the fourth floor - spot security men outside room 491 . arthur hey ! they turn - he dart back into the stairwell - race down the stair - the Security Men follow - they start shoot , and we - CUT to : ext . snow - cover mountain - day eame skis down within sight of the hospital complex . he reach into he pack and let off a flare . 116 . ext . hospital complex - continuous Security Men on the rampart spot the flare and send patrol out on skis and snowmobile to investigate . ext . snow - cover mountain - continuous eame watch they close in , then launch himself down the mountain , streaking across the icy slope , and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy rising bridge - day yusuf pull forward , look over he shoulder to line up a backward run at the edge . he duck as vicious FIRE from the s.u.v. hammer the vehicle . he look at he watch . the second hand ticking slowly ... yusuf sod it . I hope you ready . he grab a mp3 player and reach into the back to place headphone on sleep Arthur 's head . as he do so , he notice saito 's bandage bleeding through . yusuf hit play - edith piaf 's " non , je not regrette rien " start up and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL stairwell - night Arthur stop , hearing something - massive low -end musical tone - he look up panicked - arthur no , yusuf . too soon ! shot slam into the stair around he and we - CUT to : ext . snow - cover mountain - day cobb and ariadne make they way down towards the complex . eame ( over radio ) cobb ? be you hearing that ? cobb listen . the wind sound unusually low . ext . forest , snow -covered mountain - continuous eame be hide at the base of some tree , whisper as a patrol pass beneath he position . 117 . eame I notice it twenty minute ago - at first I think it be just wind ... ext . snow - cover mountain - continuous cobb be listen intently . the " wind " change pitch . cobb no , it 's music . dammit . eame ( over radio ) what do we do ? cobb we move fast . saito , do you copy ? ext . mountain , the other side of the complex - continuous saito and Fischer climb down a cliff face above the complex - saito we be go as fast as we can . ext . snow - cover mountain - continuous ariadne look at cobb , concerned . ariadne how long do we have ? cobb yusuf 's about ten second from the jump , which give Arthur about three minute , which give we about - ariadne sixty minute . cobb the route you give they , can they do it in under a hour ? ariadne I do not think so . they have still get to climb down to the middle terrace . cobb they need a new route - a direct route . ariadne the building 's design as a labyrinth . 118. cobb there must be access route that cut through the maze . ( into radio ) eame ? ext . forest , snow -covered mountain - continuous eame can not answer - he slalom through the forest , sub - security in hot pursuit , bullet smash into the trunk ... ext . snow - cover mountain - continuous cobb turn to ariadne . cobb do eame add any feature ? ariadne yes . cobb what do he add ? ariadne look at cobb . ariadne I should not tell you . if mal - cobb there 's no time - what do he add ? ariadne Utility closet , trap door ... cobb what about service feature ? do he add any large pipe or - ariadne duct . he add a air duct system - it do not follow the maze . they can use it to go straight from the outer wall to the upper tower . cobb explain it to they . ariadne ( into radio ) saito ? ext . cliff face behind complex - continuous saito be use a hammer to tap in a belay . 119 . saito go ahead . and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy raised bridge - day yusuf look at the Security man in the s.u.v. , give he the finger and hit the gas - racing backward at the barrier ... and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL stairway - night Arthur run up the stair , gun in hand - round a corner and - impossibly - arrive behind the Security man , who look at he , confuse , then look down to realize he be now at the edge of a dangerous drop - Arthur shrug . arthur paradox . Arthur push he over the edge - he fall - Arthur race up to the fourth floor - throw open the door - and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van on rainy raised bridge - day in slow motion - the van smashes through the concrete barrier - and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night Arthur be sprint down the corridor when a tremendous crash send he flying into the air - and we - CUT to : ext . snow - cover mountain - day a massive rumble prompt cobb to look across the valley - ext . forest , snow -covered mountain - continuous eame shoot out of the tree , then fall to the snow as he see a great cracking up ahead - the slope be falling away in a avalanche - 120 . ext . cliff face behind complex - continuous saito hear the rumble above they . he look down , Fischer be below , near the bottom of the sheer face - saito look out ! saito cut the rope - they fall - hit the icy face and slide down the slope , clear the path of the avalanche - and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van - day in extreme slow motion , the van emerge from the concrete balustrade and start falling - and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night Arthur be still flying through the corridor , not landing - gravity have disappeared ... he scramble for a handhold , grabbing a sconce - and we - CUT to : ext . snow - cover mountain - day cobb watch the avalanche cloud slide past the complex . ariadne what be that ? cobb the kick . eame ( over radio ) cobb ? do we miss it ? cobb yeah , we miss it . ext . forest , snow -covered mountain - continuous eame be lie on the snow . eame what the hell do we do now ? cobb ( over radio ) finish the job before the next kick . 121. eame what next kick ? ext . snow - cover mountain - continuous cobb look at ariadne as he talk into the radio . cobb when the van hit the water . I figure Arthur 's get a couple minute and we have get about twenty . cobb and ariadne move towards the base of the complex . ext . hospital complex - continuous saito and Fischer run around the base of the building . they find a large exhaust port . Lay a charge on the grill . they blow the charge . climb into the open vent . int . / ext . van - day in extreme slow motion , the van seem suspended in mid - AIR ten stories above the river ... and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night in zero gravity , Arthur pull himself to the door of 491 , open it . he look at the charge plant on the ceiling . arthur how the hell do I drop you ? he pull the charge from the ceiling . hurrying . and we - CUT to : int . duct system , hospital complex - continuous saito and Fischer hurry through the duct system . saito be fall behind , cough up blood . ext . upper terrace , hospital complex - continuous cobb grab a Security Guard from behind , strangling he unconscious . he beckon to ariadne , cover she as she run towards he . they enter the base of the south tower . int . top room , south tower , hospital complex - continuous a guard be man the tower . cobb and ariadne enter - cobb shoot the guard and move to the window . 122. ariadne ( she point ) that 's the antechamber outside the strongroom . cobb look at the large window of the antechamber . cobb what about the strongroom ? do not it have any window ? ariadne would not be very strong if it do . ( off look ) look , if you want to design it yourself - cobb it 's fine . better hope that we like what Fischer find in there . cobb set up he sniper rifle . through the scope he can see three guard on the balcony outside the chamber . Three more inside . cobb casually pick they off with he rifle . ariadne watch through binocular , appal . ariadne this projection , they be part of he subconscious ? cobb yeah . ariadne be you destroy that part of he mind ? cobb no , of course not . they be just projection . eame ( over radio ) cobb ? something 's wrong ? ext . forest , snow -covered mountain - continuous eame be watch the patrol head back towards the complex . eame they be head you way . like they know something . int . top room , south tower , hospital complex - continuous cobb hear this . concerned . 123. cobb buy we some time . eame ( over radio ) on my way . ext . forest , snow -covered mountain - continuous eame take off towards the base of the complex . and we= CUT to : int . room 528 - night Arthur float into the room . the sleeper be float , loosely connect by they tube . Arthur look at they , mind racing . he pull cobb towards eame , and we - CUT to : int . duct system , hospital complex - day saito and Fischer approach the grate cover the exit to the anteroom . saito slump to the floor of the duct , pull out he radio . Fischer look at he - he be pale , shivering . Fischer take the radio , whisper into it . fischer ( into radio ) we be here . be we clear to proceed ? int . top room , south tower , hospital complec - continuous cobb scan the anteroom through the scope - it look clear . cobb you be clear , but hurry - there 's a army head you way ... ariadne watch the patrol approach the complex ... int . duct system , hospital complex - continuous the squelch from the radio be too loud - Fischer grab it and turn the volume to zero as he start to remove the grate ... ext . base of the hopistal complex - continuous eame be set mine along the lowest wall of the structure . he move carefully - there be a sheer drop below the wall ... 124 . int . top room , south tower , hospital complex - continuous cobb spot something through he scope . something above the main window , glimpse through the side of the skylight . cobb shit . there 's someone else in there . cobb prepare to fire . ariadne grab the radio- ariadne Fischer , stop ! it 's a trap !- int . duct system , hospital complex - continuous Fischer do not see the flash light on he radio as he carefully lift the grate . he motion for saito to stay ... int . top room , south tower , hospital complex - continuous cobb tense to fire . cobb come on ... a little lower ... a little - cobb freeze - it be mal in he sight . ariadne put up she binocular . spot mal . Fischer be climb out of the vent ... ariadne cobb , that 's not really she - cobb turn to she - cobb how can you know that ? int . antechamber - continuous Fischer move into the antechamber , cautious - fischer I be in . Fischer turn up the volume - ariadne ( over radio ) Fischer , look out !- mal drop gracefully to the floor behind he - mal hello . 125 . int . top room , south tower , hospital complex - continuous cobb look at ariadne - ariadne cobb , she 's just a projection . Fischer ... he 's real . cobb think . nod , turn back to the scope - too late - mal shoot fischer - cobb reflexively pull the trigger - mal goe down - cobb step back from the scope , stunned . ariadne eame ? get to the anteroom now ! they run for the door . int . duct system , hospital complex - continuous saito start as he hear the shot . he start edging forward , clutching he belly . and we - CUT to : int . room 528 - night the sleeper be float in a rough stack , top -and -taile . Arthur pull the bedding from the bed and use the sheet to bind the sleeper together . and we - CUT to : int . / ext . van - day in extreme slow motion , the van creep downward , still high above the river ... and we - CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night Arthur push the float stack of sleeper to the elevator . he hit the button - the door open - he push they in - grab the charge - climb through the hatch in the ceiling and we - CUT to : int . duct system , hospital complex - day eame step over saito , who look up at he with dying eye - int . antechamber , hospital corridor - day eame jump out of the vent to find cobb and ariadne stand over the body of Fischer and mal . 126 . eame what happen ? ariadne mal kill Fischer - cobb I would not shoot she . eame grab a defibrillator from the wall and pull Fischer 's jacket open - cobb it will not do any good - eame shock Fischer 's chest ... cobb even if you could revive he body , he mind 's trap down there . it 's over . eame listen for a pulse . look up at cobb . eame so that it , then ? we fail . cobb I be sorry . eame it 's you who do not get back to you family . eame look down at Fischer . then over to the double door . eame I want to know what be go to happen in there . I think we have this one . ariadne there 's still a way : we follow Fischer down - they look at she . eame we be almost out of time - ariadne down there they will be enough time . we will find he -soon as you hear Arthur 's music start , you use the defibrillator to revive he - we give he he own early kick from below . ( more ) 127 . ariadne ( cont 'd ) get he in there - ( point to door ) then , as the music end you blow the hospital and we all ride the kick back up through the layer . eame look at she , then to cobb . eame okay , saito can hold they off while I plant the rest of the charge . cobb saito 's not go to last , eame . ariadne we have to try ! eame go for it , but I be take the kick whether you be back or not ... eame pull the mechanism from he pack . offer it to ariadne . cobb watch . Silent . ariadne pull out the tube - ariadne can I trust you to do what 's need ? mal 's down there - cobb and I can find she . she will have Fischer . ariadne how do you know ? cobb she want I to come after he . she want I back down there with she . cobb roll up he sleeve . ariadne roll up she own sleeve . eame nods . cobb and ariadne lie down . eame hit the button - water . bubble . drowning . and we be - ext . coast ( limbo ) - day ariadne lie in the surf , staring up at a cloudless sky . a tremendous boom prompt she to look around she - urban building pile right down to the water . the building be decaying , fall into the ocean like a glacier calve . cobb wade towards she through the shallow water . ariadne look up at the crumble city around they . ariadne this be you world ? 128. cobb it be . and this be where she will be . and we - CUT to : int . elevator shaft - day Arthur float on top of the elevator , plant small charge on the emergency brake and cable . he set they , grab the other explosive , then push away , shoot up the shaft . as he hit the detonator , blasting the brake and safety system of the elevator , we move into slow motion , the fireballs flaming out in graceful lick and we - dissolve to : int . antechamber - day eame race around , full speed - get the defibrillator paddle - lay they by Fischer 's body - he run into the duct - pull saito up to a seat position and hand he a handgun . eame come on , saito . I need you to cover Fischer while I plant the charge . saito nod weakly , try to hold the gun . eame move to the window - pull he machine gun off - check its load . ready . he watch the security patrol climb up the outer wall ... eame lay down a hail of cover fire - then head outside - ext . hospital complex - continuous eame race along the upper terrace dodging fire - bullet shatter a window behind he and we move into slow motion , the glass cascading gently and we - dissolve to : ext . coast ( limbo ) - day cobb and ariadne climb out of the wave , full speed . they move into the shadow of the tall , crumble building . the street be eerily deserted . as they move further in , the building become newer , different . ariadne marvel at the extraordinary collection of building - every architectural style imaginable in wave of faile utopias . ariadne you build all this ? cobb we both do . 129 . ariadne it 's incredible . cobb we build for year . then , when that get stale , we start in on the memory . a child 's shout echoe through the desert canyon , prompt cobb to look down a side street : a little blonde boy crouch , he back to we . a little blonde girl join the boy , and , as cobb turn down the street , they run off . cobb and ariadne emerge into a peculiar square line with a eclectic mix of building , from apartment block to house . cobb this be we neighborhood . ariadne ( confuse ) from what city ? cobb no . we neighborhood . ( point ) that be we first apartment ... then we move to that building ... we get that small house when mal become pregnant . ariadne you reconstruct they all from memory ? cobb we have time . cobb pause in front of a french country house . stare . ariadne what 's that ? cobb the house mal grow up in . ariadne will she be in there ? cobb no. come on - cobb lead ariadne to the entrance of a glass skyscraper . 130 . int . skyscraper lobby ( limbo ) - continuous cobb lead ariadne across the gleam lobby to the elevator . cobb we both want a house , but we both love skyscraper . in the real world we have to choose . not here . int . skyscraper elevator ( limbo ) - continuous cobb pull out he handgun , and a ziplock bag full of bullet . ariadne how do we send Fischer back ? cobb we need some kind of kick . ariadne what ? cobb I will improvise . cobb cock he weapon , and the elevator stop . the door open . ariadne move to exit , cobb stop she . cobb there 's something you have to understand about I . about inception . you see , a idea be like a virus ... cobb lead she out of the lift ... int . penthouse ( limbo ) - continuous cobb and ariadne step off the lift and into the incongruous interior of a craftsman house . they cautiously move down the corridor towards the back of the house ... cobb resilient ... ( turn to ariadne ) highly contagious , and a idea can grow . the smallest seed of a idea can grow to define or destroy you world ... cobb be stare into the kitchen . mal be sit at the table , back to they , stare out at the porch - the tower of limbo stretch off behind it . 131 . mal the smallest idea , such as ... " you world be not real . " cobb hand ariadne he gun and move towards mal . mal a simple little think that change everything ... ariadne watch as cobb sit down beside mal . and we - CUT to : int . elevator shaft - night Arthur fly back down the shaft to the top of the elevator , squeezy past the car to the bottom and start to set the MAIN charge across the bottom of the car , and we - CUT to : int . penthouse ( limbo ) - day cobb touch mal 's arm - she turn , angry . it be only now that we see that she hold a carving knife . mal look at ariadne . mal so certain of you world . of what 's real . do you think he be - ( point at cobb ) or do you think he 's as lose as I be ? cobb I know what 's real . mal what be the distinguishing characteristic of a dream ? mutable law of physics ? tell that to the quantum physicist . reappearance of the dead ? what about heaven and hell ? persecution of the dreamer , the creator , the messiah ? they crucify Christ , do not they ? cobb I know what 's real . mal no creep doubt ? not feel persecute , dom ? chase around the globe by anonymous corporation and police force ? the way the projection persecute the dreamer ? 132 . mal put she hand on he face . pity . mal admit it , dom . you do not believe in one reality anymore . so choose . choose you reality like I do . choose to be here . choose I . cobb ( rise anger ) I have choose , mal . we child . I have to get back to they . because you leave they . you leave we . mal you be wrong , dom . you be confuse ... we child be here - a child 's shout draw cobb- James crouch on the porch , back to we . philippa join he , also turn away . cobb watch , move . mal lean in close . mal ( whisper ) and you would like to see they face again , would not you , dom ? cobb we real child be wait for I up above . and we - CUT to : int . elevator - night Arthur scramble to arrange the sleeper on the floor of the car - as he hand come away from saito , he see blood on it . he look at saito 's belly - the blood be come through he shirt . Arthur stick headphone on sleep eame , and we - CUT to : int . hospital fortress - day eame throw a grenade , blow up the security force try to ascend the terrace . he duck to the ground to avoid heavy FIRE - start unpack the charge and set they along the base of the terrace - 133. int . duct system , hospital complex - continuous saito look up as he hear a Security Guard climb through the duct ... he raise he gun , trembling with weakness ... and we - CUT to : int . kitchen , penthouse ( limbo ) - day mal laugh at cobb . mal ( laugh ) up above ? listen to yourself . you judge I for believe the very same thing . mal point at the child - mal this be we child . watch . ( turn to the kid ) hey , James ! philippa ?! the child start to turn to we - but cobb close he eye . cobb they be not real , mal . we real child be wait for we - the child run off . cobb open he eye . mal you keep tell yourself that but you do not believe it - cobb I know it - mal and what if you be wrong ? what if I be what 's real ? cobb be silent . mal you keep tell yourself what you know ... but what do you believe ? what do you feel ? cobb look at mal. struggle . cobb guilt . I feel guilt . and however confuse I might get . ( more ) 134 . cobb ( cont 'd ) however lose I might seem ... it 's always there . telling I something . reminding I of the truth . mal what truth ? cobb that you be wrong to doubt we world . that the idea that drive you to question you reality be a lie ... mal how could you know it be a lie ? cobb because it be my lie . mal ( realize ) because you plant the idea in my mind . cobb because I perform inception on my own wife , then reap the bitter reward ... ariadne why ? cobb we would become lose in here . live in a world of infinite possibility . a world where we be god . I realize we need to escape , but she would lock away she knowledge of the unreality of this world ... insert CUT : mal open the doll 's house . take the spin top , lie it down in the safe . lock it away . cobb I could not make mal understand that we need to break free . to die . so I start to search we world ... cobb turn to mal , but keep talk to ariadne ... insert CUT : cobb wander the street of limbo ... cobb search for the right place in she mind ... 135 . insert CUT : cobb stop outside the victorian house , mal be childhood home , look up at it . he head inside ... cobb and when I find that place , that secret place where she have shut away she knowledge year before , I break it open ... insert CUT : cobb look around mal 's childhood bedroom . come to the doll 's house ... cobb I break into the deep recess of she mind , to give she the simple little idea . insert CUT : cobb throw open the safe door . sitting on the shelf of the safe be a spin top . on its side . cobb a truth that she have once know , but have choose to forget ... insert CUT : cobb pick up the totem . he spin it in the safe . it spin and spin without end . cobb close the door of the safe ... cobb that she world be not real . insert CUT : cobb and mal arrive at train track cutting through wasteland . cobb ( v.o. ) that death be a necessary escape . they lie on the track look into each other 's eye . mal be cry . cobb take she hand , reassure . he start to speak - cobb you be wait for a train . a train that will take you far away . you know where you hope this train will take you , but you can not know for sure . yet it do not matter ... mal look at he across the railroad track . replies - mal because you will be together . the train come , obliterating the lover . back in the present - cobb look into mal 's eye . she be cry . 136 . cobb I never think that the idea I would plant would grow in she mind like a cancer . that even after we wake ... insert CUT : cobb look around the HOTEL suite , confuse . he move to the curtain ... mal be on the ledge opposite . cobb you would continue to believe that you world be not real ... crying , mal nod - mal that death be the only escape ? insert CUT : mal plunge to she death . mal you kill I . cobb look at mal . whisper - cobb I be try to save you - I be sorry . mal come in close to cobb . look he over . mal you infect my mind . you betrayed I . but you can make amend . you can still keep you promise . we can still be together ... right here . in we world . the world we build together . CUT to : int . elevator - night Arthur hit " play " on he music player - edith piaf start to ring out , Arthur check he detonator and we - CUT to : int . antechamber - day eame race back in - in the relative quiet he notice massive low-e musical tone . he drop he gun and go to Fischer 's side ... 137 . int . duct system , hospital complex - continuous saito muster all he remain strength as the guard emerge - saito fire , drop the guard , then collapse , the gun clatter to the duct floor ... saito be dead . int . antechamber - continuous eame power up the defibrillator , put the paddle on Fischer 's chest , then pow ! - he shock he , and we - CUT to : int . penthouse ( limbo ) - day lightning crackle across the sky - ariadne see it . ariadne we need Fischer . mal you can not have he . cobb stare at mal. mesmerized . cobb if I stay , can she take he back ? ariadne cobb , what be you say ? mal Fischer 's on the porch . ariadne cobb , you can not do this . cobb go check he 's alive , ariadne . ariadne move onto the porch , high above the metropolis , and we - CUT to : int . elevator - night Arthur nod he head in time with the music , count down , hold the detonator . he start brace himself , and we - CUT to : 138. int . antechamber - day eame recharge the defibrillator . shock Fischer again , and we - CUT to : ext . porch , penthouse ( limbo ) - day ariadne look up as a large bolt of lightning rip across the sky ... she look down to see Fischer , bound and bloody , lie below the rail . ariadne he 's here . and it 's time . but you have to come with we . another massive lightning strike flicker across the sky - ariadne cobb , I be not go to let you lose yourself in here ! you have to get back to you child ! cobb send Fischer , I have to stay - ariadne you can not stay here to be with she - cobb turn from mal. look at ariadne . cobb I be not . saito be dead by now . that mean he 's here . I have to stay here and find he . ariadne remove Fischer 's gag - pull he up , onto the rail . cobb look back at mal . cobb I can not stay here to be with she because she 's not real . mal look at cobb , furious . mal not real ? I be the only thing you do believe in anymore . here - do not this feel real , dom ? she stab he in the chest - cobb wheeze - gasping , look at mal - 139 . cobb I wish you be . but I could not make you real . I be not capable of imagine you in all you complexity and ... perfection . as you really be . you be the best I can do . and you be not real . mal pull the knife and move to strike again - ariadne no ! a shot ring out , mal grab she shoulder - cobb turn to ariadne , who be point cobb 's gun . cobb what be you do ? ariadne improvise . she kick Fischer off the roof - aim again at mal - Fischer drop as the sky light up with electricity - Fischer scream , then gasp , no longer fall , and we be - int . antechamber - day eame pull the defibrillator from Fischer 's chest as he cough awake . eame get in there - quick ! Fischer look up at the double door . stagger to he foot . Fischer push open the door to the strongroom . int . strongroom - continuous Fischer walk into the silent white room . at one end of the room be a bed . a figure lie in the bed . his father . breathe with tremendous difficulty . dying . and we - CUT to : ext . penthouse ( limbo ) - day ariadne take aim at mal - cobb no ! cobb hold ariadne 's gaze . she lower the gun . and we - CUT to : 140 . eame grab the detonator - then move to the door of the strongroom ... CUT to : int . elevator , HOTEL - night Arthur hit the detonator - int . elevator shaft - continuous the charge on the bottom of the elevator explode , and we move into extreme slow motion as the flame balloon - CUT to : int . strongroom - continuous a rumble build as Fischer approach the bed , overcome with emotion . his Father see he . start try to speak . Fischer lean in ... father ( hoarse whisper ) I ... be ... dis ... dis ... fischer I know , dad . you be disappointed that I could not be you . the die man shake he head with surprising energy . father ( whisper ) I be disappointed ... that you try . Fischer hear this . and we - CUT to : int . elevator shaft - night the elevator car be rocketed along its track by the explosion - int . elevator - continuous Arthur be smashed against the floor of the car next to the sleeper who shudder with the force of acceleration - and we - CUT to : int . antechamber - day eame watch Fischer - 141 . eame ( to himself ) ) come on , come on ... int . strongroom - day the Father collapse back onto the pillow . Fischer start to weep . his Father reach out a tremble hand but when Fischer try to hold it , he shake he son 's hand away ... he be reach for the safe next to he bed . his finger fumble at the keypad , he can not open it . his son push 5 , 2,8,4 , 9 , 1 into the keypad . open it . Inside the safe be the will . and beside it be a homemade pinwheel , clearly make by a child . by Fischer . he take it out , marveling at it . he turn to he father , but he father be dead . eame , watch from the door , hit the detonator - ext . hospital complex - continuous a line of explosion rip along the lower wall ... the entire build start to slide down the mountain - ext . penthouse ( limbo ) - day a fierce wind start howling through the house as the sky outside darken . cobb shield mal against the blast - look up at ariadne , who hold the railing , fighting the wind - cobb that 's the kick - you have to go ! ariadne you be come ! cobb no , I be not . I be stay here to find saito . ( turn to mal ) and to say goodbye . ariadne loosen she grip on the railing ... ariadne do not lose yourself . find saito . and bring he back . cobb I will . ariadne let the wind pull she off the edge - falling - and we - int . antechamber - continuous ariadne drop as the floor collapse - she eye SNAP OPEN - 142. ext . penthouse ( limbo ) - day cobb hold mal in he arm . the wind die ... mal we would be together forever . you promise I . cobb I know . but we can not . and I be sorry . mal you remember when you ask I to marry you ? you say you dreamt that we would grow old together . cobb and we do ... mal look at cobb ... think . remember . insert CUT : two elderly people ( mal and cobb ) walk through limbo ... across a wasteland ... two elderly hand clutch each other as they lie down on the railroad track ... cobb I miss you more than I can bear ... but we have we time together . and now I have to let go ... she nod , weakly . cobb hold mal as she eye close ... dying ... and we - int . strongroom - continuous Fischer and he Father 's body drop away - int . elevator - night ariadne drop inside the rocketing elevator , and as it smashes into the top of the shaft ariadne smashes into - int . / ext . van into river - day the water , the van crunching with the impact - water crashing through the broken window flooding the interior ... Fischer 's eye OPEN , panicking - he unbuckle himself , push out of the break window - stop , go back to unbuckle brown and drag he out . 143. ext . river - continuous Fischer break the surface with brown , who cough and gasp . he start pulling for the near bank , struggle through the rain-impact water - int . van , underwater - continuous ariadne , Arthur and yusuf wait calmly underwater . they be share two regulator pull from beneath the front seat . Arthur turn to saito . there be blood in the water around saito 's belly - he eye be lifeless - Arthur feel for a pulse ... turn to cobb , whose eye be lifeless ... ariadne grab Arthur 's elbow , pull he away ... ext . riverbank - moment later Fischer turn brown / eame over . they lie there , exhaust . browning I be sorry , Robert . Fischer stare at the rain on the water . fischer the will mean that dad want I to be my own man , not live for he . ( turn to brown ) ) and I be go to , uncle Peter . brown nod . wipe the rain from he face . in the puddle beside they , the reflection be not brown , but eame . ext . underneath bridge in the rain - moment later Arthur sit on the riverbank , breathe heavily . arthur what happen ? ariadne cobb stay . arthur with mal ? ariadne no . to find saito . Arthur look out at the water below the bridge . arthur he will be lose ... ariadne no . he will be alright . 144 . and we - CUT to : ext . dawn . crashing surf . the wave toss a beard man onto wet sand . as the japanese Security Guard turn he onto he back , we realize that this be cobb - older . weary . travel ... int . dine room , castle - day cobb wolf he food . the elderly japanese man ( saito , 90 year old ) watch he . saito so ... have you come to kill I ? cobb do not look up . saito I have be wait for someone to come for I ... cobb someone from you half - remember dream ...? saito peer at cobb . saito cobb ? not possible - he and I be young man together . and I be a old man ... cobb fill with regret ? saito remembers , nod ... saito wait to die alone , yes . cobb be staring at something on the table . cobb I come back for you ... I come to remind you of what you once know ... cobb gesture at the table . saito follow he gaze down to the polished surface of the table ... cobb that this world be not real . 145 . the top be still spinning perfectly , as if it will never topple . saito look at the top . then back to cobb . saito you come to convince I to honor we arrangement ? cobb yes . and to take a leap of faith . as saito-san listen to cobb , he look at the gun on the table between they ... cobb come back and we will be young man together again . the elderly saito look at cobb. nod . and we - CUT to : int . first CLASS cabin , 747 - day ariadne watch cobb . his eye be close . flight attendant ( o.s. ) hot towel , sir ? his eye flicker OPEN . he take the towel with a nod . ariadne smile . relieved . flight attendant we will be landing in Los Angeles in about twenty minute . do you need immigration form ? cobb nod . take a landing card . look around the cabin . saito be watching he . serious . haunted . holding cobb 's gaze , saito pick up the phone and dial . cobb nod thanks ... int . arrival , lax - later cobb step forward to the immigration official . hand he he passport . nervous . the official take a beat , look cobb up and down , then whump !- the passport be stamp . as cobb take it back , he spot ariadne at the next counter . she nod at he . he nod back . then move off ... as cobb pass through baggage claim , he exchange subtle greeting with eame and yusuf . Arthur smile broadly at cobb . cobb brushes past Fischer , who glance back at he as if think maybe he should know he , then move on ... 146 . as cobb emerge into the crowded arrival hall , he spot Professor mile , wave at he ... int . kitchen , cobb and mal' house - day cobb enter with mile . drop he bag . move to the table , look out at the overgrown garden . he reach into he pocket , take out he pewter spin top , lower it to the table and spin it - a child shout make he look up - through the window , James and philippa have run into view , play , there face turned away ... cobb stare at the back of he child 's head ... mile move to the window and knock on the glass - James and philippa turn - see they dad . he step to the window , watch they bright face shining as they run towards he ... behind he , on the table , the spin top be still spinning . and we - fade out . credit . end .