< !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( http://wsabstract.com) over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href // --> id4 independence day Dean Devlin & roland emmerich a american flag oddly still , post in gray dusty sand . widen to reveal : ext . lunar surface - the moon one small step for man , one large pile of garbage for moon - kind . untouch for year , the flag stand next to the castoff remain of the Apollo mission . slowly the discard equipment begin to rattle and shake . a enormous shadow creep towards we blotting out the horizon , a loud rumble be hear . suddenly we be cover in darkness as the shadow engulf we . only the lonely image of we earth hang in the air , until a huge silhouett object suddenly block we view . CUT to : ext . new mexico - radio telescope valley - night a field of large satellite dish scan the sky . Super up : s.e.t.i. institute , new mexico int . institute - monitoring control CENTER - same a lone technician work on he put skill . behind he , wall to wall technical equipment quietly sift through data . a red light begin to flash . the technician turn and slowly walk towards the source . one by one a series of light turn on . the technician ( tech one ) grab a pair of headphone . his eye widen . int . sleeping quarter - same sleepily a supervisor pick up the phone . supervisor if this be not a insanely beautiful woman , I be hang up . int . control CENTER - same tech one shut up and listen . he hold the phone up to a speaker , increase the volume . a strange fluctuating tone play out in sequential pattern . int . sleeping quarter - same hearing it , the supervisor bolt up , bang he head on the bunk above he . int . control CENTER - moment later a pajama party on acid . five other technician , in various state of undress , hover anxiously around the main console . the supervisor enter , tie he robe . supervisor God , I hope it 's not just another damned Russian spy job . tech three ( overlap ) negative . Computer affirm the signal be unidentified . tech two ( hang up the phone ) the boy from Air res traffic say the sky be clear . no terrestrial launch . tech one it 's the real thing . a radio signal from another world . the room become quiet as they realize that after year of search the heaven , they might have finally find something . supervisor let 's not jump the gun . run a trajectory source computation . tech Three slide over to another computer . supervisor ( cont would ) I want to know exactly where it 's come from . tech three this can not be right . tech Three just stare at he screen in disbelief . supervisor what 's wrong ? tech three calculate distance from source be at three hundred and eight five thousand kilometer . ( turn to supervisor ) it 's come from the moon . the supervisor reach over and turn up the volume on the speaker . as they listen to the strange tone we ... CUT to : int . hallway - pentagon - same Elevator door open revealing four star general grey , Commander in Chief U.S. Space Command . understandably nervous , the commanding officer escort he down the hall . general grey who else know about this ? commanding officer s.e.t.i. in New Mexico identify a signal but they be even more confuse than we be . the General shoot he a disapprove glance . commanding officer Excuse I , Sir . he slide he security card through the lock and the door fly open . int . space command - the pentagon - continuous bank of computer , technician and assistant work feverishly through the night . the officer cross the room . Super : space command - the pentagon commanding officer Satellite reception have be impair but we be able to get this . they arrive at a glass table . the surround officer snap to attention as a second officer quickly bring over a large transparency . we see a grainy image of a large vague object . general grey look like a big turd . the two officer exchange a glance . commanding officer we estimate it have a diameter of over five hundred and fifty kilometer and a mass roughly one fourth the size of we moon . the General turn to the second Officer , concerned . general grey a meteor ? second officer no sir. definitely not . general grey how do you know ? second officer well , er ... it 's slow down . general grey it 's do what ? second officer it 's ... slow down , Sir . the General walk over to a phone , pick it up . general grey get I the Secretary of Defense . ( pause ) then wake he up . CUT to : int . whitmore's bedroom - fre-dawn laying in bed thomas J. whitmore read a stack of papers . the phone ring . woman' voice ( filter through phone ) hi. it 's I . the warm look on whitmore 's face tell we everything about how he feel about the woman on the other end . whitmore hi honey . what time be it there ? int . HOTEL room - night dress in a night gown , mrs . margaret whitmore unpack she briefing papers lay they out on a small desk as she talk . through the window we see Los Angeles at night . margaret two in the morning . I know I do not wake you ? whitmore ( filter ) as a matter of fact you do . margaret ( smile ) liar . int . whitmore bedroom - same whitmore sit up . whitmore I have a confession to make . there 's a beautiful young blonde sleep next to I . sleep next to he , he six - year - old daughter , patricia . margaret ( filter ) you do not let she stay up watch t.v. all night ? whitmore of course not . the little girl stir awake , look up . patricia mommy ? whitmore you be fly back right after the luncheon ? okay , here she be . whitmore hand she the phone and get out of bed . habitably he turn on the television . t.v. - news program several " pundit " sit around a malaughlin - type news discussion program . the picture quality be snowy , static ride . pundit # 1 ... the inexperience in public office be inevitably go to catch up with he . he 's scarify he ideal for " politics as usual . " whitmore tie on he robe as he adjust the picture quality . pundit # 2 ... I say this during the campaign . Leadership as a pilot in the Gulf War have no relationship to political leadership . it 's a different animal ... suddenly the channel change . a cartoon come on . whitmore turn to he daughter who hold he remote . patricia ( into phone ) daddy let I watch letterman . whitmore traitor . whitmore exit the room . int . hallway - continuous as whitmore step out of he bedroom , a Security guard snap to attention . someone hide behind a newspaper , sit on a bench . security guard good morning , Mr. President . whitmore good morning , George . the paper be drop revealing constance halbrook , mid - thirty , aggressive , sharp , the President 's communication director . quickly she gather she thing and follow whitmore . int . breakfast table - continuous two servant be prepare breakfast as whitmore and constance enter . whitmore sit down , grab a coffee . whitmore you be up early this morning , connie . she toss he one of the many newspaper in she hand . constance they be not attack you policy , they be attack you age . ( another paper ; read ) " ... address Congress , whitmore seem less like the President and more like the orphan child Oliver ask , ' please sir , I would like some more . ' " whitmore clever . constance Age be never a issue when you stick to you gun . you be think of as young and idealistic . but the message have get lose . there 's too much compromise , too much politics . whitmore ( pointedly ) be not it amazing how fast everyone can turn against you . realizing she may be push he too far , she hand he another paper . constance well , the Orange County Register have name you one of the ten sexiest man of the year . whitmore you see , substance at last . a aide appear at the doorway . constance Excuse I , Mr. President . it 's the Secretary of Defense . whitmore go to the phone , pick it up . whitmore yes ? say that again ? CUT to : a old russian satellite drifting away from we the old Russian satellite become smaller and smaller . we pan with it as we see it 's on a collision course with something huge . suddenly the satellite explode on impact with the much larger object that dwarf the puny piece of hardware . as huge as it be , we get the feel we have only see a portion of the total . new york skyline - early morning a slow crane down from the Manhattan skyline , revealing ... ext . cliffside park - new jersey - morning with the New York skyline across the Hudson behind they , old man sit in this small park play chess . unlike the other , david martin be in he early thirty , sixty hippie meet ninety yuppie nerd . he concentrate intensely on he next move . moishe . sixty . smoke a cigar impatiently . moishe what be you wait ? my social security will expire , you will still be sit there . david I be think . moishe so think already . David make a move . instantly moishe counter he move . David furl he brow in think . moishe again he 's think . moishe reach into a paper bag and retrieve a coffee in a styrofoam cup . david you have any idea how long it take for that thing to decompose ? moishe you do not move soon . I will begin to decompose . just as David finally make he move , moishe counter again . David shoot he a look and stare back down to the board . moishe ( cont would ) David , I have be meaning to talk with you . it 's nice you have be spend so much time with I , but ... david dad , do not start . moishe I be only say , it 's be what ? four year , you still have not sign you divorce papers . david Three year . moishe Three , four . move on . it 's not healthy . moishe take a big puff on the cigar and cough . david look who 's talk healthy . suddenly David 's beeper go off . moishe how many time be that now ? you try to get fire ? David move he queen . david checkmate . see you tomorrow , dad . he give he father a quick kiss and hurry away . moishe that 's not checkmate I can still ... oh. ( yell after he ) you could let a old man win once in a while , it would not kill you . CUT to : ext . new york CITY street - minute later David pedal he bike through mid-town Manhattan . he arrive at compact cable system . int . compact cable office - later his bike hoist on he shoulder , David squeeze through the revolve door . marty gilbert , short , nervous and harry , come rush over . marty what the hell be the point of have a beeper if you do not turn it on ? david it be turn on . I be ignore you . what 's the big emergency ? marty start this morning . every channel be make like it 's nineteen fifty . snow , static , all kind of distortion . no one know what the hell be go on . David deposit he bike in the kitchenette as marty toss he coke bottle in the trash . David retrieve it . david damn it , marty . there 's a reason we have bin label " recycle . " find more bottle in the trash , David turn to marty accusingly . david what the hell be this ? marty so sue I . before David can say anything , marty usher he out of the room . int . transmission feed - continuous technician be work feverishly . clearly every monitor be experience vary degree of signal disruption . David move over to the main console . david do you try to switch to transponder channel ? marty please , would I be this panicked if it be that simple ? David examine the readout , puzzle . david let 's retrofit the dish to another satellite . marty we have try . it 's not work . it 's almost as though they be not even there . David look up , puzzle . david that 's impossible . CUT to : a television set bad reception . a hand smock the side of it . no use . widen to reveal : int . mobile home - day eleven - year- old troy brennon try to fix the television . his older brother miguel , seventeen , cook breakfast . miguel stop it . troy it 's all fuzzy . miguel you be gonna break it . just leave it alone . here , take you medicine . miguel sit a small bottle of medicine and a spoon down in front of Troy . Troy push the bottle away . troy I do not need it . miguel ( push it back ) just take it , dick head . ( turn to he sister ) alicia ! make sure he take he medicine . his sister , alicia , fourteen , hormone kick in , testing boundary , listen to she walkman while put on too much makeup . miguel throw a dish towel to get she as Troy hit the television again . ext . trailer park - same - morning a beat up pick - up truck come down a dirt road and skid to a halt on the gravel next to the brennon mobile Home at this small shabby countryside trailer park . a angry farmer jump out , slamm he door . int . brennon mobile home - same alicia open the front door and smile flirtatiously at the angry farmer , luca , who march over . miguel edge she out of the doorway , want to handle this himself . miguel Morning , Lucas . Lucas hold a bowl full of rotted vegetable . luca you like this ! I have get a whole goddamn crop full ! unceremoniously , he dump they at miguel 's foot . luca ( cont would ) where the hell be you father ? you know what time it be ? miguel he have to re-fuel . there musta be a problem . luca we both know what the problem be . he 's a damned nut case , be what he be . I musta be out of my mind . Troy smack the television again . miguel Troy , stop it ! I swear to God ! luca miguel , if he 's not in the air in twenty minute , that 's it . I be get someone else . Lucas storm away . again , Troy whacks at the television . miguel stop it , Troy ! I swear to God ! determined , Troy hit the television again . this time the picture go out completely . CUT to : ext . space - the orbit - same Rolling over we , the immense under - belly of this enormous craft obliterate we view . a loud screech . suddenly the bottom begin to segment . dozen of large section begin to disengage , extract themselves , twist away from the larger bilge . the separate segment themselves be enormous . slowly they twist downward on a collision course to the blue planet below ... Earth . CUT to : int . white house - basement corridor - day under a barrage of question from she own staff , constance hurry down the corridor . aide # 1 CNN be run a story that we be cover up some kind of nuclear testing experiment ... constance tell they to run with it if they want to embarrass themselves . aide # 2 NASA have be up my butt all morning . they want to know we position . constance we official position be we do not have a official position . aide # 3 connie , what the hell be go on ? constance escape into the elevator , turn around . constance ( smile confidently ) come on , people . would I keep you guy out of the loop ? aide # 1 in a second ! aide # 2 absolutely . before she can retort , the elevator door close . int . oval office - wide shot - same the President , General grey , the secretary of defense and White House Chief of staff albert nimziki be gather around the couch . SEC . of defense at the moment , we satellite be somewhat unreliable . be not it possible that thing may just pass we by ? nimziki what if it do not " pass we by ? " let 's retarget some icbm to blow it out of the sky ... general grey forgive I , but with the little information we do have , the only thing that would accomplish be turn one dangerous fall object into many . just then the door open and constance enter . president whitmore what 's the damage ? constance the press be make up they own storey at this point . nimziki ( to General grey ) get on the horn with Atlantic Command . let 's upgrade the situation to defcon 3 . general grey that 's not you call to make , Mr. nimziki . constance be not that a little premature ? nimziki I do not think so . SEC of defense we be two day away from the fourth of July . we have over fifty percent of we armed force on weekend leave , not to mention the troops and commander we have in town for the fourth of July parade . we call they back now , we be send up a major red flag . they go quiet as command Officer from Space Command dash into the room . commanding officer we intelligence tell we the object have settle into a stationary orbit . nimziki well that 's good news . commanding officer not really . he lay out the diagram and photo on the table . everyone gather around . commanding officer part of it have break off into nearly three dozen other piece . president whitmore piece ? commanding officer smaller than the whole , yet over fifteen mile in width themselves . nimziki where be they head ? commanding officer they should be enter we atmosphere within the next twenty - five minute . the room be silence . all eye turn to the President who say nothing . nimziki lean in close to he . nimziki like it or not , we be at defcon 3 . recall the troops and put they on yellow alert . CUT to : yellow light flashing on as a alarm quickly buzy . David lean into frame and open the door to the microwave . we widen to reveal ... int . david' cubicle - compact cable - day David retrieve he home - make cup -a-soup . we see this cubicle clearly have the David touch ; ecology poster , plant , ton of computer and electronic gizmo . marty please , tell I you be get something . marty enter , look over David 's shoulder as he eat . david there 's good news and bad news . marty what 's the bad news ? david you be in meal penalty for disturbing my lunch . marty and the good news be you will not charge I . david no . the good news be I find the problem and it 's not we equipment . there 's some weird signal embed within the satellite feed . marty that 's the good news ? David slide over to another computer and turn on a intricate computation program . david yes , because the analog signal have a definite sequential digital pattern embed within it . when I find the exact binary sequence and I apply a phase reverse signal to that calculate spectra analyzer I build you last Christmas , we should be able to block out the overlay completely ... marty ... and we will be the only guy in town with a clear picture ? that 's my man . CUT to : ext . california farmland , imperial valley - day Racing over back road behind a long open field , miguel ride he beat - up motor bike , search . look up he sees something in the air . miguel be Pov - a old bi - wing airplane convert into a crop-duster , buzy overhead . spray insecticide wildly , the plane zigzag over the field . miguel ( yell ) Russell ! God damn it , Russell ! look down from the cockpit , russell brennon wave stupidly . shaggy blonde hair and two day ' growth , Russell be the image of a fifty - one - year - old little boy . miguel follow he below , scream at he . Russell , fly recklessly , look down at miguel not understanding . by the time he look back he sees ... a line of tree at the edge of the field , nearly on top of he . in a trick move , Russell turn the plane on its side , and slice through the narrow gap between the tree . miguel scream with delight at he prowess . miguel look piss . angle - other side of tree - moment later miguel race over , skid to a halt next to the land bi - with plane . miguel just what the hell do you think you be do ? russell ( climb down ) I be bring home the bacon . earning my keep . and do a fine job if I do say so myself . miguel it 's the wrong field , you idiot ! Lucas ' farm be on the other side of town . russell you sure ? miguel damn it , he be do you a favor . you know how hard it be to find someone who do not think you be completely crazy ? ( more ) what be we suppose to do now ? huh ? where be we suppose to go now ? piss , miguel peel away , kick gravel back at Russell . pathetically , he reach into he jacket and pull out a bottle of Jack Daniels . he take a healthy swig . CUT to : ext . iraqi desert - refugee camp - night a tent city . ubiquitous overcrowd and poverty . several hundred refugee settle down for the night . Super : Northern Desert , Iraq a bedouin stoke a small fire besides he family 's tent . suddenly a group of shouting scream tribe people come rush past he . the bedouin watch they with confusion . overcome with curiosity he go against the tide of people , up the hillside . as the bedouin reach the top of the hillside , he mouth fall open , aghast as he sees ... the skie - the phenomenon creep from across the horizon above the rocky mountain terrain , a wide fireball high in the sky , flaring and explode . a terrifying sight . CUT to : ext . USS eisenhower - AIR carrier - establishing - dawn Super : Battle carrier , USS eisenhower - Persian Gulf int . USS eisenhower - radar room - day a loud klaxon alarm be ringing out . the first lieutenant come rush in . lieutenant ensign , status ? sailor # 1 we have a total radar black out over a thirteen kilometer area . the Lieutenant move over to the main radar screen . the entire upper portion of the screen be blank . and the blank area be moving . lieutenant have a complete diagnostic run ... sailor # 1 Excuse I sir , radar may be malfunction but infrared be off the map ! he divert the Lieutenant 's attention to another screen ; a bright sea of red light bleed off the map . lieutenant get the cinc Atlantic Command on the line . CUT to : int . pentagon - commanding CENTER - day a technical officer rip off a data sheet as it shoot out of the printer and rush over to the command Officer . officer Sir , we now have visual range with income over iraqi airspace . commanding officer a second sighting ? officer yes Sir , this just come in from the eisenhower . the command Officer grab a phone lay off the hook . commanding officer correction , we have two confirm visual contact . one over Iraq , one over the Pacific . int . oval office - day the room be pack . the President and he chief advisor be there along with the Joint Chief of staff . Representatives from the Atlantic Command and U.S. Space Command have form small cluster around telephone . general grey where in the Pacific ? ( turn to the President ) they have spot one off the California coast line . surrounded by the secret service , the President be speechless . constance halbrook come rush into the room and whisper to the President . president put it on . constance move over to a cabinet and turn on the t.v. ( the reception be still fuzzy , picture " roll " ) . the CNN News broadcast show the phenomenon over novosibirsk , Russia . there be mass hysteria behind the reporter . newscaster ( filter ) ... sighting of this atmospheric phenomenon have be report here in novosibirsk , Russia and other part of siberia . move too slowly to be a comet or meteor , astronomer be baffle as to its origin ... everyone be lock onto the television , mesmerize . newscaster ( cont would ) ( filter ) ... widespread panic have grip the countryside as thousand have take to the street and clogge the highway . hundred have be injure ... General grey confer with the Atlantic command cinc . he nod , turn to the President and whisper . general grey Mr. President , we have a awac on the west coast . e.t.a. with contact point , three minute . int . awac airplane - day Wall to wall computer , radar and intelligence gather equipment . technician frantically try to adjust as the system go hay wire . radar tech # 1 ( report into radio ) it 's no use . side radar do not see a thing ! radar tech # 2 ( report ) that 's correct . we be imc blind , sir . we track across they over to the pilot and into the cockpit . cloudy sky . the pilot squint out the window as he speak . pilot negative . we still have zero visibility . ext . awac airplane - cloudy skie - day zooming overhead as we see the awac sailing through a thick cloudy sky . Super : Pacific coastline , California the awac disappear from view into the cloud . int . oval office - same the President and he top advisor be gather around a speaker phone listen to the pilot of the awac . pilot ( filter ) instrumentation be malfunction . we can not get any kind of read on what 's in front of we . int . awac - same the Pilot squint as he try to see through the cloud . pilot wait a minute , it may be clear . suddenly the cloud part before we and we be face to face with a wall of flame . int . awac - same the speaker phone crack and distort . pilot ( filter ) Jesus God ! the sky 's on fire ! ext . awac and phenomenon - same the awac attempt to climb sharply as we get we first real look at the atmospheric phenomenon . majestic and monstrous . the awac be not go to be able to make it . quickly it be engulfed in the flame . int . oval office - same the phone line go dead . General grey spin to a aide . general grey get they back on line . aide # 1 ( on other phone ) line 's go , sir . the atlantic command cinc , turn from a different phone . aac cinc two more have be spot over the Atlantic . one be move toward New York , the other be head this direction . chief of staff how much time do we have ? aac cinc less than ten minute . nimziki ( turn to aid ) organize a military escort to Crystal Mountain . general grey ( to President ) Sir , I strongly recommend we move you to a secure location immediately . ... the President hesitates , he turn to constance . president can we expect the same kid of panic here as in Russia ? constance more than likely . nimziki Mr. President , you can discuss this on the way . torn , the President grapples with a decision . finally ... president I be not leave . nimziki we must maintain a work government in a time of crisis ... president I want the vice President , Secretary of Defense , the whole cabinet and the Joint Chiefs take to a secure location . I be stay here . I be not go to add to a public hysteria that could cost life . nimziki but , Mr. President ... president so far this thing have not become hostile . for the moment let 's assume they will not . ( to constance ) connie , let 's issue statement advise people not to panic , to stay home and take cover . constance issue command to she staff as they quickly exit along with most people in the room . General grey go over to the President . general grey with you permission , Mr. President , I would like to remain my you side . president I have a feel you would . general grey Sir , what happen if they do become hostile ? president then God help we . CUT to : int . david' cubicle - day on the t.v. behind David , news footage of the phenomenon in Russia play silently . oblivious , David work he computer . female CO - worker ( stop in doorway ) David , be you watch this ? David wave she away , deep in concentration . suddenly a computer beeps . excitedly David print out he find . he grab it and exit . int . compact cable office - continuous engross in he printout , David walk past he co-worker who be glue to the distort picture on the television , watch the phenomenon . int . marty' office - continuous marty stare at he television watch General grey address the press . David enter , stare at he read . david I have get a lock on the signal pattern . we can filter it out . marty ( distract ) huh ? oh , good , hood . david strange thing be , if my calculation be right it will be go in approximately seven hour anyway . the signal reduce itself every time it recycle . eventually it will disappear . be you listen ? marty ( still glue to t.v. ) can you believe this ? david what be you talk about ? marty have not you be watch ? David turn for the first time to the television and see the phenomenon . constance come on address the press . constance ( filter ) ... so far the phenomenon have not cause any damage . in all likelihood it will not ... int . white house PRESS room - same more reporter rush in from the back quickly set up as this hastily call press conference continue . constance ... everyone should remain calm . take cover where you can but the important thing be not to panic . int . brennon mobile home - same miguel , alicia and Troy watch the static riddled t.v. constance ( filter ) ... we have a fix on three different occurrence about to appear over american city . one be head toward Los Angeles ... int . marty' office - same constance ( filter ) ... the other two be on we Eastern seaboard head towards New York and Washington , d.c ... suddenly hectic co-worker # 2 appear at the door . CO - worker # 2 Jamie say this building have a old bomb shelter . we be head down there now . marty ( dry ; to David ) feel no shame in hide . int . hallway -- continuous a crowd of people head down the hall for the shelter while other stay glue to the set . there be a mix of fascination and panic . David watch the commotion , dumb strike . marty oh shit , I better call my wife . int . airport diner - late morning depress Russell nurse a beer at the counter . Three flight mechanic walk in , have a good laugh . one of they spot Russell and move over to he . mechanic # 1 hey , Russ , hear you have a little trouble this morning . dusted the wrong field ? the mechanic laugh . Russell try to ignore they . mechanic # 2 I know , you be probably still a little confuse from you hostage experience . mechanic # 2 hostage experience ? something happen to you , Russ ? mechanic # 1 he be not never tell you !? seem year back we boy here have be kidnap by alien . do all kind of experiment on he and such . tell he , Russ . russell not today , guy . okay . Russell get up and head for the door . mechanic # 1 you just gotta get a couple more beer in he , he will tell you all about it . crazy stuff . wo not you , Russ ? ext . SMALL airport - continuous the mechanic follow Russell outside , he buddy in tow . mechanic # 1 hey , Russ , when they take you up in they space ship , they do any sexual thing to you ? the mechanic crack up laugh . suddenly the thing around they begin to rumble . the shadow engulf they , silencing the mechanic . panicked they turn and run away . Russell just look up at the sky , grab he Jack Daniels and take another swig . ext . trailer park - same dog bark and people stumble out of they trailer as a enormous shadow creep over they . int . brennon mobile home - continuous the window grow dark and the room begin to rumble . miguel rush to the door , ushere he sibling out . ext . trailer park - continuous alicia and Troy step out the door , stop dead in they track . miguel follow they only to look up and see ... the phenomenon - dark cloud the flame be burn out , replace by huge plume of dark smoke billow around the edge of the phenomenon . only small trace of extinguish flame illuminate it . int . compact cable - stairwell - same David push past the people make they way down , fight against the tide . another co- worker ( # 3 ) stop halfway . CO - worker # 3 be not you come , David ? david no way , I have get to see this . ext . WASHINGTON monument - same frightened tourist run for cover as the colossal shadow approach . reflected in the water below we see the fiery apparition transfigure into the dark forebode cloud . the lincoln memorial - WASHINGTON , d.c . - same the shadow writhes up the detailed statue of lincoln , devour he completely until we be leave in total darkness . int . white house - hallway - same people be be evacuate from they office . Patricia , the President 's daughter , break away from she nanny . int . white house - oval office - same the President talk on the phone . constance wait nearby . president whitmore ( into phone ) of course , Russia and the United States be in this together . yes , Mr. President , you have my word . yes , das vedanya . the President hang up . constance what be they position ? president whitmore I think he be drunk . Patricia burst through the door and run into she father 's arm , terrify . a secret service man appear . secret service guy Mr. President , we have to go . abruptly , the room darken as it begin to rumble . ext . white house - same the long , dark shadow move across the entire White House , engulf it in darkness . ext . hudson river , new york - statue of LIBERTY - same in the distance we see the mutate phenomenon 's dark gray cloud near miss. Liberty . as it approach we see the New York skyline begin to darken . ext . black top basket ball court , new york - same kid play basket ball . a young boy stop play , stare skyward . one by one , they all look upwards , stunne as a long dark shadow creep over they . with a loud crash , several New York cab slam into one another in the street . two more car crash into they . a pile up ensue . ext . wall STREET - second later Foot traffic stop as the long shadow crawl over the entire area . ext . rooftop - compact cable - same large satellite dish beset a doorway to the roof which fly open . David step out just as a long , dark shadow cover over he , send the city into darkness . David look up to see ... skyline and alien craft protrude through the dark cloud we get a glimpse of the underbelly of a colossal alien craft , its outer veneer of smoke and cloud beginning to fade away . below we see panic , cab slamming into one another , people stare , people scream . no one know how to react . David run to the other side of the rooftop , overlook Central Park , to get a better look . david be Pov - central park - same the entire park be plunge into darkness as the craft above blot out of the sun . amazing as it may seem , the hover craft blanket the entire park and beyond . we still have not see a entire craft . david ( realize ) my God . the signal . ext . los angele basin - wide angle - later morning a panoramic view of the Los Angeles basin . slowly fill the screen , we see a portion of the enormous space craft as it creep towards the city , obliterate we view . ext . hillside residential area - same a station wagon , fill with kid and a harry housewife , come to a stop . the passenger door open and a young six - year - old boy , dylan step out . housewife Dylan , tell you mom you can stay overnight again Thursday . suddenly a car sail over a nearby hill in front of they , hit the ground with a bang . two more car follow , air bound . as the housewife turn she sees ... space ship - same rising over the mountain we see the Space ship as it near the city , block out the sunshine . panicked , the housewife hit the gas and peel out , leave a confuse Dylan stare skyward . int . bedroom - continuous two people sleep as Dylan run into the room . dylan mommy , look at ! he rush away . the shadow move past the window , darken the room . his mother , jasmine dubrow , stir . jasmine ( be : darkness ) it 's too early , baby . she turn back over . suddenly the room briefly rumble . man earthquake ? jasmine not even a four pointer . go back to sleep . shrugge , the man do . hollywood sign ( formerly sc . 72 ) - same in Los Angeles . the shadow slowly cover the sign . ext . white house - window - same the President and he daughter cautiously approach the window stare in awe at the amazing sight above they . several other approach from behind . cautiously some people begin to walk outside , stare up at the leviathan , mouth agape . int . oval office - same slowly staff member approach , gaze out the window . constance step up behind the President . constance what do we do now ? president whitmore address the nation . there be a lot of very frighten people out there right now . constance yeah . I be one of they . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - alien craft - same all of Washington be under the shadow of this gargantuan alien craft . a stun tableau . CUT to : int . jasmine's debrow' bedroom - same the man sleep next to jasmine 's beagle boomer drop Steven 's tennis shoe on top of he , waking he . jasmine he 's try to impress you . steve he 's do a good job . he pat the dog on the head and take the shoe . Steven get up and make he way to the bathroom . int . bathroom - continuous as Steve take a pee , he sees out the window a family pack up they car , other stand around stare at something in the distance . a helicopter fly overhead . steve neighbor be move . I think they be tired of earthquake . he finish and flush . int . live room - continuous Steve enter the live room . the television be play a news broadcast . newscaster ... with little damage report to the southland area . people be advise not to panic ... steve hon , something 's on the table ' bout the quake . jasmine sit up in bed , yell out to Steve . jasmine Dylan out there ? Steve turn , look for Dylan when the doggie door pop open and Dylan crawl through . steve what have you be up to , Sport ? dylan ( hold he gun ) shoot alien . Steve muss up the boy 's hair , smile . jasmine ( enter ) coffee ? Steve mumble a affirmative as he exit . ext . jasmine's house - continuous Steve pick up the morning paper and open it . he do not notice the dozen of neighbor quickly pack up and rush to get away as he read the paper oblivious . jasmine ( o.s. ) you want milk with you coffee ? jasmine appear behind he , she view , too , obscure by the open newspaper . suddenly another helicopter room overhead . annoy , Steve lower he paper . steve and jasmine's Pov as the paper be lower we see the helicopter swoop down . as it fly away we see ... the alien craft cover all of Los Angeles . this be the first time we see the entire craft . it be stupendous . Steve 's jaw hit the floor . the milk go crashing as jasmine scream . CUT to : int . stairwell - day running for all he 's worth , David sprint down the stair . int . compact cable office - continuous dash off the stair , David stop see that the room be now completely empty . the wall of monitor play for no one . David walk up to one , adjust the volume . t.v. - CNN broadcast - ( distorted broadcast signal ) a space ship logo spin next to the word visitors : contact or crisis . Wolf blitzer come on screen live from the Pentagon . wolf blitzer Pentagon official be report more ship have just arrive over the capital of India , England and Germany . as he speak we get quick glimpsis of the other ship . marty ( o.s. ) I know , babycake . calm down . David spin around at the sound of the voice but the room be still empty . David lean down and look under a desk where he find marty still on the phone with he wife . david tell she to get the kid and leave town . marty what happen ? david ( yell ) just do it ! marty realize David be dead serious . marty babycake , pack the kid up and take they to you mother 's . do not ask . go . Mary hang up , crawl out from under the table . marty ( cont would ) okay , why do I just send my family to Atlanta ? david remember I tell you that the signal hide within we satellite signal be slowly recycle down to extinction . marty not really ... david that signal . it 's a countdown . marty ( confuse ) a countdown to what ? david think . it 's like in chess . first you strategically position you piece . then , when the timing 's right . you strike . David motion to the television . blitzer ... there be additional unconfirm sighting over Japan , the Mediterranean , and China ... david they be positioning themselves all over the world and use this one signal to synchronize they effort . in approximately six hour the signal will disappear and the countdown will be over . marty then what ? david checkmate . marty take a beat to digest . then , grab the phone .... marty I gotta call my brother , my bookie , my lawyer ... fuck my lawyer ... David also grab a phone . suddenly the bank of monitor synchronize into one enormous image across the entire video wall ; the President address the nation . int . PRESS room , white house - same the President stand at the podium give he address . president whitmore my fellow Americans , a historic and unprecedented event have take place . the question as to whether or not we be alone in the universe have be answer ... angle - side entrance to PRESS room as constance watch the President , she unconsciously mouth the word of he speech , after all , she do write they . a PRESS aide tug on she sleeve . she try to wave she off . PRESS aide he say he 's you husband . her expression drop . she take the phone from she . constance what do you want ? david ( filter ) you have to leave the White House . constance this be not the time or the place to have this same old discussion . int . compact cable office - same david you do not understand . you have to leave Washington . int . side office , white house - day impatient , constance try to get off the phone . constance in case you have not notice , we be in a little bit of a crisis here . david ( filter ) I have work with embed load . they be communicate with a hide signal . they be go to attack ... constance you be be paranoid . david ( filter ) it 's not paranoia . the embed be very subtle . it 's probably be overlook ... constance hang up . her face betray mix emotion . int . compact cable office - same David stare at the phone , piss . something on t.v. catch he attention . through the snowy image he sees ... president whitmore ( filter ) ... my staff and I be remain here at the White House while we attempt to establish communication ... hanging up the phone , David sprint for the exit . president whitmore ( cont would ) ... so remain calm . if you be compel to leave this city , please do so in a safe and orderly fashion . smash CUT to : cab slamming together - new york CITY street the rush to get away creep slowly as car jam the street in total grid-lock . David pedal he bike furiously through traffic . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - new york - day the mass exodus have reach the bridge . total congestion . David fight he way through . ext . cliffside , new jersey - later the New York skyline behind he across the Hudson , David jump off he bike , and race towards a row of tract house . ext . moishe' tract house - second later David bang on the door . it fly open . moishe be hold a hunt rifle , point it at David . david pop ! moishe the television say they have start with the looting already vulture . david you still get the old ? moishe you want to borrow the car ? you do not have a license . david that 's okay . you be drive . CUT to : int . jasmine's house - day Steve , wear he Marine flight officer uniform , shove the last of he thing into he duffel bag . we notice there be small figurine of dolphin everywhere . jasmine hover nervously behind he . jasmine you can not go . call they back . steve baby , you know how it be . I have to report to El toro right away . jasmine you say you be on leave for the fourth . steve they cancel it . why be you act like this ? jasmine grab the blind and yank they away . we see the alien craft through the window . jasmine why ? that 's why . that thing scare the piss out of I . ext . debrow house - continuous Dylan sit behind the wheel pretend to drive . Steve grab he , pull he out . he reach into he duffel , grab a small brown paper bag . steve here . I get this for you . be careful with they . Dylan open the bag ; firework . jasmine walk over . dylan cool . Steve toss he gear into the back , open he door . jasmine wait . I have to tell you something . steve what ? jasmine ( lose she nerve ) be careful . steve look , after you shift tonight , why do not you grab Dylan and come stay with I on base . jasmine really ? you do not mind ? steve ( smile ) naw . I will just tell my other girlfriend they can not come over tonight . piss , she hit he . he love it . jasmine you know , you be not as charming as you think you be . steve yes , I be . jasmine dick-weed ! steve butt-munch . they kiss . Steve hop into he car and peel out . jasmine take the bag from Dylan . jasmine I will take this . dylan mommmmmm ... CUT to : ext . jersey - highway - later that day a perfectly preserve ' 68 old drive cautiously down the highway . around he we see other car pack to the gill as they make they escape from New York . int . old - same not the most confident driver , moishe hold the steering wheel close to he chest . moishe it 's the White House , for cry out loud . you can not just drive up and ring the bell . david can not this thing go any faster ? moishe you think they do not know what you know ? believe I , they know . she work for the President . they know everything . david they do not know this . moishe and you be go to educate they ? tell I something , you be so smart how come you spend eight year at m.i.t. to become a cable repairman ? david dad ... moishe all I be say be they have get people who handle this thing , David . they want HBO , they will call you . CUT to : int . HOTEL lounge , los angele - late afternoon Mrs. whitmore be at a house phone . behind she we see several news crew wait for interview . president whitmore ( filter through phone ) I want you out of there . margaret you be stay there to keep people calm . it 's the right thing to do . I be not go to let they criticize you for it . int . whitmore bedroom - white house - same the President sit on he bed , he daughter lay next to he , watch t.v . the signal distortion be get worse . president whitmore okay , fine but the second you interview be do , I have a helicopter ready to take you to nellis Air Force ... margaret ( filter ) how 's the munchkin ? president whitmore she 's glue to the t.v. , just like the rest of the world . I love you too . here she be ... he hand Patty the phone as General grey and nimziki appear in the doorway . the President walk over to they . general grey more ship keep arrive , fifteen in total so far . nimziki this be crazy . we be loose we first strike capability ! general grey we be try to communicate with they on all frequency but we be get nowhere . Atlantic Command be work on a type of visual communication . president whitmore what the hell be they up to ? CUT to : ext . trailer park - night a long crowded highway of people try to escape from Los Angeles can be see in the distance . the huge space craft hover behind they . miguel be on the roof of the trailer , adjust the t.v. antenna try to get a picture . suddenly the image clear and we see a group of people in a crowded hallway . reporter ( filter ) ...a local crop duster be arrest today attempt to land at Edwards Air Force base ... on the t.v. we see Russell be escort to a police car . mortify , miguel can not believe what he 's see . russell they have get to do something . I be abduct by space alien ten year ago . they do all kind of experiment on I . they have be study we for year , learn we weakness . we have go to do something before they kill we all ! troy ( o.s. ) just as Troy start to climb up , miguel change the channel to Mrs. whitmore . Troy sit down next to miguel . mrs . whitmore ( filter ) ... we need to remain calm . as more people decide to leave the city , safety be key ... miguel Troy , you remember uncle hector , from Tucson ? troy he 's get that sega saturn CD , 64 bit , right ? miguel yeah . what would you think if we go there to live for a while ? troy that would be cool ! miguel think for a second , make a decision . miguel pack up , we be go . miguel jump down from the roof . Troy climb down the ladder . troy ( yell after he ) what about dad ? alicia and older boy kiss . it 's get hot . alicia laugh , push he away . older boy this could be we last night on Earth . you do not want to die a virgin , do you ? alicia what make you think I be a virgin ? the older Boy be take off guard . before he can answer the tarp they be hide under be rip away . miguel stand there . miguel come on , we be go . alicia I be not go anywhere ... miguel grab she by the wrist and pull she away . ext . freeway - outside WASHINGTON - night we see the long highway lead to Washington , the space ship hover above it . one side of the freeway be pack solid , the other completely empty , save for one car ... int . moishe' old - night moishe look to the other side of the freeway , jam pack . on he side , they be the only car for mile . moishe the whole world be try to get out of Washington and we be the only schmuck try to get in . as moishe drive , David distract he as he unpack he backpack unload he laptop . he grab a CD . moishe ( cont would ) what the hell be that ? david this , pop , be every phone book in America . moishe you think a important person like constance be go to be list ? david she always keep she portable phone list , for emergency . sometimes it 's just she first initial , sometime she nickname ... David start to look it up . suddenly ... dozen of car heading straight for they in the attempt to get out , hundred of car have be be - direct by the military to use the opposite side of the highway . moishe oh my God ! moishe swerve violently to avoid collision , barely miss the oncoming traffic . dodging right to leave , moishe hang on for dear life . a military Office , assist in diverting the car turn just in time to see the old whiz by . David and moishe be bound around the inside of the car as moishe try to veer through traffic . suddenly a truck block off they only escape route . moishe turn hard and drive up onto the right shoulder . overhead angle - old and traffic the old be the only car in head that direction . use the shoulder , swerving to miss barricade , they drive off a exit ramp . david Nice drive , pop ! dangerously close to a heart attack , moishe be , for once , at a loss for word . over they adrenaline pump face ... male voice ( v.o. ) ... put you hand together for sabrina ! CUT to : int . strip club - los angele - night a bikini-clad sabrina twirl gracefully on the stage . as she come to a stop we reveal sabrina be actually jasmine . she look out into the audience and she expression drop . reverse angle - jasmine's Pov - empty club five stripper and eight customer . all crowded near the television watch the news . angle t.v. - rooftop - los angele helicopter footage of people gather on the rooftop of downtown Los Angeles hold up drawing of space alien . newscaster ( filter ) ... from the " it could only happen in California " file , hundred of ufo fanatics have gather on the rooftop of downtown Los Angeles , welcoming the new arrival ... int . dressing room - continuous jasmine storm into the dress room . wiping off she makeup , she sit down next to tiffany who watch the same report on a small b&w . jasmine I can not believe I even come in tonight . what be I think ? tiffany ( be : t.v. ) be not this cool ? and you think I be nut . oh , look , I bring mine with I . Tiffany hold up a draw of a space alien . jasmine you be not think of join that idiot ? tiffany I be go over there soon as I be off . wanna come ? jasmine turn to Tiffany , dead serious . jasmine Tiffany , I do not want you to go up there . promise I you will not . ( Tiffany pout ) promise ! tiffany I promise . jasmine okay . I be go . I be outta town for a while . her boss mario enter and walk over to he private office in back . he open the door and find Dylan play with he dog , boomer . mario what the hell 's you kid do here ? jasmine rush past pick up Dylan and carry he away as she head for the exit . boomer follow . jasmine you try to find a sitter today . mario where do you think you be go ? you leave , you be fire . jasmine ( out the door ) Nice work with you , mario . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night the street be nearly desert . million of small light on the underbelly of the craft cast strange reflection on the street below . the old drive on its way towards the Capitol building . int . old - continuous David type frustratedly on he laptop . moishe not list , huh ? david I just have not find it yet . I try c. halbrook , connie halbrook , spunky halbrook ... moishe spunky ? david College nickname . moishe you try Martin ? david she do not take my name when we be marry . moishe shrug . David give it a shot . find it . the machine beeps . moishe ( sarcastic ) so what do I know ? CUT to : int . locker room - EL toro marine corp station - night a crowded locker room . Steve enter . male voice ( o.s. ) where the hell have you be ? steve ah , be you guy wait for I ? several Marines throw towel at Steve as he make he way to he locker . his best friend , jimmy , sit next to he . jimmy can you believe it ? this be serious shit , stevie . they have recall everyone ! as Steve sit he sees some envelop stick into the side of he locker . steve well , the mail 's still work . he flip through the envelop and freeze when he see one with the NASA insignia on it . Jimmy snatch it away from he . jimmy junk mail . you do not want this . Steve quickly snatch it back , right it open and read . from the disappointment on he face we can tell it 's bad news . realizing , Jimmy put a hand on Steve 's shoulder . jimmy I do not believe it . they make you learn how to fly everything from a Apache to a harrier and still they turn you down ? what else do they want you to learn ? steve how to kiss ass . Steve crumple at the letter and toss it . angrily he open he locker . pasted on the locker door we see photo of jasmine next to the photo of the space shuttle , Apollo mission , and a NASA insignia bumper sticker . as Steve stuff he jacket into the locker , something fall out . before Steve can grab it , Jimmy snatch it up first . jimmy ( embarrassed ) jasmine have this thing for dolphin . I have they make it ... steve I think you say you be do to break it off . Steve snatch it back , embarrassed . jimmy ( cont would ) Steve , listen to I , you be never gonna get to fly the space shuttle if you marry a stripper . Steve know he 's right . he 's tear . CUT to : ext . white house - moment later - night the old stop near the White House . from here we can see tank and armed patrol . a small group of protester have gather , upset about the military hardware . Signs : " do not provoke " " violence beget violence . " int . ods - continuous David adjust a small portable satellite , connect it to he phon and laptop computer . moishe so , you want to ring the bell or should I ? David flip open the phone , dial the number on the screen . david perfect , she 's use it . moishe it 's perfect the line be busy ? david yes . I can use he signal to triangulate she exact position in the White House . moishe you can do that ? shoot he father a look . david ( sarcastic ) all cable repairmen can . int . white house - hallway - moment later constance be just finish a call on she cellular phone . constance ... Sally , take my cat with when you leave . no I be stay here at the White House . take care . the moment she hang up , it ring . surprise , she answer . constance what ? david ( filter ) connie , do not hang up . constance David ? how would you get this number ? david walk to the window . right in front of you . constance look up to the large glass window . she walk over to it , look out . constance what be I look for ? constance's Pov - STREET - old - david between two of the tank outside , constance can see David stand on top of the old across the street . moishe step out , wave . constance be stunne . constance ( to herself ) how do he do that ? CUT to : int . brennon trailer - night sulk , alicia sit in back with he walkman on . Troy sleep while miguel drive . suddenly miguel he the brake , as something come sailing down from the sky . we realize it 's the b-wing plane landing on the stretch of roadway directly in front of they . ext . roadway - continuous the plane land , skid into a turn . Russell jump out , walk over to the trailer . we can tell he 's drunk again . miguel they let you out ? russell just what the hell do you think you be do ? miguel move to meet Russell away from the trailer , not want the other to hear . miguel we be leave , do not try and stop we . russell you be not go anywhere . you hear I ? I be still you father . miguel explode , this have be building up for some time . miguel no , you be not ! you be just the man who marry my mother . you be nothing to I ! Russell be momentarily silent , stunne . recovering ... russell Troy 's still my son no matter how you feel about I . miguel for once in you life think about what 's best for Troy . who have to beg for money to buy he medicine when you screw up ? who ? suddenly we hear glass crashing . both man spin to find Troy stand behind they . troy stop it ! I be not a baby ! I do not need you stupid medicine . I do not need anyone to take care of I ! miguel lean down to see the break medicine bottle on the floor . miguel rush over to he , furious . miguel you know what this stuff cost ? do you want to get sick again !? do you !? frustrate , miguel shove Troy aside and head back into the trailer . wobbly from the drink , Russell stand there pathetically , watch . ext . andrews AIR force base - night a large group of press rush over toward four apache helicopter , each refitted with a large light board , as they slowly lift off the ground . cameras flash , reporter yell question to the officer assign to keep they at bay . several news organization do stand up remote . we track past they to the CNN crew . CNN reporter what you see behind I be four Apache helicopter ... int . briefing room - white house - same on the television play the CNN broadcast . the reception be intermittently disrupt . CNN reporter ( filter through t.v. ) ... each have be refitted with what Pentagon officially hope will be we first step in communicate with the alien craft ... we widen to reveal a large contingent of military personnel along with the President 's chief advisor gather around several monitor , ( the center monitor be momentarily blank ) . suddenly everyone snap to attention as the President enter . president where be we ? general gray they be in the air . CUT to : int . office of the communications director - same moishe inspect a photo of constance with the President , impressed he nod with approval . moishe ( to himself ) very nice . constance be look at David 's laptop display the breakdown of the alien signal . constance and when be the countdown suppose to expire ? david ( check ) fifty six minute , forty five second . constance run she finger through she hair , exasperate . moishe turn , listen . constance what do you want I to do ? david I want you to leave with we . right now . constance I can not leave . we have to tell this to the President . david he 's not go to listen to I . surprise at he son , moishe step forward . moishe sure he will listen . why would not he ? david because last time I see he I punch he in the face . moishe you punch the President in the face ? david he be not the President then . constance David think I be have a affair , which I be not . moishe punched the President ? oh my god . apache helicopter zoom by overhead . in the distance we see they be head for the enormous alien craft . int . helicopter - pilot - continuous the pilot adjust he radio . pilot echo one , we be close in . ext . skie - continuous the chopper alter they formation , align themselves alongside one another . as the helicopter near the craft , we see how tiny they appear against the gargantuan space ship . int . hallway - elevator - white house - minute later the elevator door open and moishe step out , overwhelm and impressed . constance lead they down the hall . moishe turn to David , whisper . moishe if I have know I be go to meet the President , I would a wear a tie . look at I , I look like a schlemiel . int . oval office - continuous the Office be empty as the trio walk in . moishe can not believe he 's in there . he straighten himself up , comb he hair . constance wait here . I will be right back . David set up he laptop . moishe not on he desk . int . briefing room - night the middle monitor be now on . they show the night vision p.o.v. of the helicopter as they approach . on the side monitor we see the various news broadcast of this event . newscaster ( filter ) ... the helicopter be make they final approach ... on the middle monitor , through the night vision camera on the lead helicopter we see the side of the craft as the helicopter near . everyone in the room watch , tense . constance enter and kneel down next to the President , whisper in he ear . the President get up and follow constance . Chief of staff nimziki object . nimziki you be leave now ? the President silence he with a look . as they exit . constance I do not know how you put up with he . president he use to run the NASA . he know where all the bone be bury . come in handy . constance I will bet . int . oval office - same the door fly open and constance and the President enter . the moment President whitmore see David , he freeze . president what the hell 's he do here ? moishe , burst , step forward . moishe moishe martinsburg , Mr. President . constance my ex-husband work in satellite communication . president I do not have time for this ... with a bang , David suddenly knock everything off the President 's desk and start to draw on the ink blotter . david it 's about " line of sight , " Mr. President ... David draw a circle represent Earth and a smaller circle just away from it . the President reluctantly near . david ... if you want t coordinate with ship all over the world , you could not send one signal to every place at the same time . that 's call line of sight ... drawing a line from the ship of either side of the Earth , we see that you could not send a signal to the other side . david ( cont would ) ... you would need to relay you signal use satellite ... David draw small satellite surround Earth . david ( cont would ) ...to reach each ship . I have find a signal hide inside we own satellite network . suddenly a aide , alex , appear in the doorway . alex Excuse I , Mr. President . they be start . the President turn to the monitor in he office . we see the helicopter turn on the light board affix to the front of they cockpit . he turn back to David . david Mr. President , they be use we own satellite against we and the clock be tick . ext . helicopter - same - night the large light panel turn on , multi-color light slowly begin to flash in a repeat sequential pattern . revere angle - helicopter and space craft the helicopter be puny little specs next to this goliath . the light board continue to flash but there be no reaction from the ship . int . briefing room - second later everyone be glue to the monitor as the President storm in . president General grey , co-ordinate with Atlantic Command . tell they they have twenty five minute to get as many people out of the city as they can . general grey but Mr. President ... president and get that helicopter away from the ship . call they back immediately . General grey obey , turn to a assistant who quickly grab a phone . nimziki step up to the President . nimziki what the hell 's go on ? president we be leave . a aide motion to the monitor . aide they be respond . the room go silent , everyone turn to the monitor . monitor - news program & night vision video on all screen we see the space ship as a long thin line of white light suddenly emit from the side of the craft , illuminate the four Apache helicopter . ext . apache helicopter - same the light board be overpower by the bright light come from the space craft . suddenly with a loud screeching noise , the white light spill out as the huge open unfold at the side of the craft . the four helicopter have to flight to hold they position , as something powerful emit from the schism in the ship . then like a gigantic bug -zapper , the four pesky little Apache helicopter be blown out of the sky , one by one . they leave no time to retreat . int . HOTEL suite - night Mrs. whitmore pack she bag , as the horrifying image of the destruction of the helicopter replay on the t.v . secret serviceman Mrs. whitmore ? the President have order the evacuation . we have to leave , now . she slam she valise shut and quickly exit . police helicopter soar over we , head directly for downtown Los Angeles . ext . rooftop - same the ufo true believer be still there , hold up they sign . make she way through several of they we see Tiffany . she look up to the spacecraft above . tiffany ( awed ) it 's beautiful . she dig she draw of a alien out of she purse as she excitedly rush up to the other . she hold it up to the sky , proudly . police helicopter from out of nowhere the helicopter lift up over the side of the building , shine its spotlight down the believer below . police ( p.a. ) ... we be evacuate the city . please leave the building at once . the sign holder begin to " boo " the police , ignore they . ext . CITY STREET - pasadena throughway - same the freeway be pack on both side , every car head out of town . there be no oppose traffic . int . jasmine's car - same Dylan hold boomer as jasmine drive . the news play over she car radio . radio voice ... authority have call for a complete evacuation of Los Angeles County . people be advise to avoid the highway whenever possible . jasmine now he tell I . ext . white house - same the President stop on he way to the presidential helicopter as a aide bring he daughter outside . the President usher she into the helicopter . he turn back and see a military guard hold back moishe and David . president they be okay . let they on ! int . helicopter - continuous the President step inside , turn to General grey . president be my wife in the air ? general grey she should be shortly . David flip open he laptop which read : 09:07 . 09:96 ... ext . white house lawn - helicopter - continuous the presidential helicopter lift off as several other helicopter wait behind , people filing into they . ext . rooftop - los angele - same the Police helicopter be still flash they light at the ufo believer who refuse to budge . suddenly the entire rooftop be bathed in white light . they all grow silent stare up at the craft . above they another schism have open at the bottom of the craft , the white light spilling out . as though the heaven have open , the ufo believer lift they arm , wait to be take . believer take I ! no , take I ! take I ! slowly , this beam of light from the base of the ship intensifies directly on the top of this building . ext . heliport - same stand on this rooftop heliport directly across from the ufo believer , the first Lady watch they , concerned . secret serviceman ( yell over helicopter ) Mrs. whitmore ! reluctantly , the first Lady turn and run for the helicopter . the door be shut and the helicopter take off . ext . the capitol build - same with a roar , the presidential helicopter zoom past , behind it we see a enormous schism open beneath the space craft . ext . white house - same Alex be help people get onto the remain helicopter . suddenly he be bath in white light . he look up and see the schism , its white beam come directly down upon the White House . ext . empire state build - same the pinnacle of this landmark be abruptly illuminate in white light . we pan up to the space craft above , the beam intensify from the schism below the ship . ext . andrews AIR force base - same the presidential helicopter land . the President and he group be ushere over to AIR force one which stand only hundred yard away . int . AIR force one - same the door open and the President and he advisor rush in . David flop down into a seat , quickly flip open he laptop which read : 00:05 , 00:04 ... ext . rooftop - los angele - same as the light amplify , the believer chant , louder and louder . suddenly the white light disappear . the believer be stunne . in a brief moment it be replace with a blast . a destruction beam blast down onto the rooftop , splintering everything there , Police helicopter include , into a billion tiny particle . Tiffany be he epicenter , from here the wall of destruction grow outwardly , destroy everything in its path . ext . empire state build - same just as the blast hit , the historic building be decimate . ext . white house lawn - same Alex shut the door on a helicopter . as he step back the white light vanish . he look up as the blast replace the beam . angle - white house just as one of the helicopter pass we , the White House splinter before our eye . ext . andrews - runway - AIR force one - same Air Force one quickly taxi down the runway toward we . behind they in the distance we can see the destructive beam growing outwardly from the epicenter . the capitol build the wall of destruction reach the Capitol Building , fragment into a trillion particle . the pentagon washed under the wall of destruction , the Pentagon , too , be blow to smithereen . int . AIR force one - same thick with tension . everyone be white - knuckle , anxious for take off as they taxi quicky down the runway . ext . andrews - runway - AIR force one Air Force one , full throttle . it lift off just in time to miss the wall of destruction as it rip apart the airport behind they , dangerously close . wide angle - WASHINGTON , D.C. we see the wave of destruction grow outwardly from the epicenter , engulfing all of WASHINGTON . Air Force one be just barely make it out in time . ext . pasadena freeway - same jasmine 's car be catch in traffic just outside the tunnele underpass at the griffith Park Mountains . radio newsman ( filter ) ... my God . it 's destroy everything in its path . widen ... suddenly the radio cut out . jasmine turn around and sees ... jasmine's Pov - freeway & downtown Far off the devastation of downtown can be see . the wall of destruction grow towards we . reacting , jasmine grab Dylan and dash out of the car . boomer follow . every driver who can , jump out of they car , run in all direction . jasmine head for the tunnel . angle - freeway the grid-lock car have nowhere to run as the wall of destruction grow out from downtown . all the car be wipe out in a row , sit duck . angle - overpass - bridge pack with car . they be quickly demolish as the wall of destruction blast by . int . tunnel - same jasmine turn back from the tunnel entrance . jasmine's Pov - wall of destruction ever near , only moment away . jasmine spot a open maintenance alcove deep within the tunnel . she run to it , put Dylan inside and climb in after he . lean back out , jasmine look for boomer who stare at she , wag he tail . jasmine boomer , come . come boy ! boomer leap inside and jasmine duck to the side of the wall of destruction hit the tunnel entrance , car be jammed together , smashing into one another . suddenly the car be blown clear through the tunnel like so many toy hot wheel car . Inside the maintenance alcove , jasmine shield Dylan and boomer with she body . ext . manhattan - wide angle - same from a distance we watch as all of Manhattan be consume from its center outwardly by the grow wall of destruction . within second all of Manhattan be go . the wall of destruction reach its outer most edge and fade away . the schism under the craft slowly close . the ship now hover over a completely wipe out Manhattan . slow dissolve : int . brennon trailer - pre-dawn a hand adjust the trailer radio . radio ( filter ) ... report be unclear as to the extent of the devastation , but from all account , Los Angeles , Washington and New York have be leave in ruin ... Russell shoot a worried look over to miguel . suddenly Troy move up to the front on wobbly leg . troy guy , I do not feel so good . russell when be the last time you have you medicine ? troy four day ... five ? Troy look really sick . miguel be shocked . miguel but I give you some this morning . troy I do not take it . I think I do not need it anymore . ext . desert highway - same the trailer , with Russell 's bi-w in tow , pull over . Troy rush out , vomit on the side of the road . miguel come to he aide . Russell step out and walk to the curve in the highway . russell miguel ? come take a look at this . reluctantly miguel leave he brother 's side . Pov - russell and miguel below a entire valley fill with camper , trailer and buss . a instant refugee city , if you will , for as far as the eye can see . spectacular . CUT to : int . EL toro - briefing room - morning thirty - five pilot be be brief by they command Office , captain watson who point to a fuzzy photograph of the craft over Los Angeles . watson you will be the first wave in we counter attack . though surveillance satellite reconnaissance have be impair , we have a fix on we primary target . Steve and Jimmy sit next to each other near the back of the room steve ( whisper ) you will not exactly need radar to find it . Jimmy chuckle . Watson be annoyed . watson you want to add something to this briefing , Lt. Hill ? Steve smile confidently . steve sorry , sir. just real anxious to kick some alien ass . everyone chuckle , include Captain Watson . ext . EL toro marine corp AIR station - moment later huge hangar door open revealing a f/a-18 hornet , one of the u.s.a.f. 's elite . tarmac - overhead shot thirty f/a - 18s await take off on the tarmac as technician and Flight crews race for position . engine blast the heat wave momentarily obscure we view as the f/a - 18s take to the air . int . AIR force one - same the President be deeply contemplative . constance sit down next to he . she know what he 's think . constance you save a lot of life . president I could have evacuate the city hour ago . ( beat ) you know , when I fly in the Gulf War everything be simple . we know what we have to do . it 's not simple anymore , connie . a lot of people die today . how many do not have to ? constance realize there 's no comforting he . she support he silently by be there . General grey come over . president any news on my wife ? general grey the helicopter never arrive at nellis and there 's be no radio contact . the news rock the President . they both know what that mean . general grey ( cont would ) the fighter be in the air . whitmore nod and follow the General to the back of the plane . command CENTER - AIR force one military Command have be set up on Air Force one , a kind of fly norad . military and technical crew be seat at the control . nimziki be already there . general grey all satellite , microwave and ground communication with the city be go . we believe we be look at a total loss . maintain he composure , the President look up at the many tracking screen . president where be they ? general grey ( point ) eta with target ; four minute . ext . blue skie - tactical fighter - same five f/a - 18 fighter move into frame . as we widen we reveal a total of 30 F /a -18s in attack formation , destination Los Angeles . int . steve's fighter - same Steve pull a long cigar out of he breast pocket . steve ( into radio ) Jimmy crack corn , do you have victory dance ? int . jimmy fighter - same Jimmy pull he cigar out . examine it . jimmy ( into radio ) that be a affirmative . I have victory dance . mmmmmmm . steve ( filter ) do not get premature on I , Jimmy . we do not light up ' till the fat Lady sing . jimmy I hear you . int . AIR force one - passenger section - same Air sick , David hold a " barf bag " as moishe talk . moishe it 's Air Force one for cry out loud . still he get sick ? david moishe , please , do not talk . moishe pat he belly . moishe look at I , like a rock . good weather , bad , do not matter . ( motion with he hand ) we can go up and down , back and forth , side to side ... David can not take any more of this story and take off run for the bathroom . moishe what I say ? constance come over , sit next to moishe . constance he still get air sick , huh ? in all of this I do not get the chance to thank you two . moishe think nothing of it , spanky . constance smile , correct he . constance spunky . he tell you about that ? moishe ( nod ) all he could think about be get to you . there 's still love there I think . constance ( sadly ) Love be never we problem . moishe all you need be love . John Lennon . smart man . shot in the back , very sad . ext . skie - same in the distance we can see the devastate Los Angeles , the space craft still hover above it . the fighter zoom into frame . int . steve's fighter - same Steve look down , become worried . steve I should not have leave she . jimmy ( filter ) do not worry , big guy . I be sure she get out of here before it happen . Steve nod absently . steve let 's lock and load . int . AIR force one - same the center f/a - 18 on the radar map begin to flash yellow , just under its image . we see a video display of its flir ( forward - look infrared ) target system , lock on . technician Los Angeles attack squadron have amraam missile lock on target . technician # 2 Washington and New York squadron , report lock on . general grey Fire at will . ext . steve's fighter - same a Advanced medium - Range air-to- Air missile ( amraam ) drop down from the underbelly of the fighter , darting off . radar target , the missile bank hard , adjust . we see it be join by fourteen other missile , all rocketing towards they target . ext . alien ship - second later the missile be head straight for the alien ship . suddenly about a quarter mile before they reach it , they explode , as though blow out of the sky . when the smoke clear we see there have be zero damage . int . steve's fighter - same steve damn it ! jimmy ( filter ) I do not even see they fire ! steve Command , Eagle one. switch to " sidewinder . " we be move in . ext . skie - same in unison this amazing bird dive together , realigning themselves into six group of five , spread out to attack different area of the ship . steve's group the first attack group , Steve 's , be the first to near the colossal alien craft . simultaneously they drop they AIM - 9 sidewinder missile . pack of aim-9 sidewinder missile they reach the same quarter - mile proximity and explode . int . steve's fighter - same steve they must have some kind of protective shield surround they hull . pull up . most of the fighter do , but one be too late and smashes into the ship 's protective shield . ext . skie - same Steve 's squadron bank hard , skirt the edge of the ship 's protective shield . as the fighter approach , the alien ship 's enormous attack BAY door OPEN . suddenly dozen of alien attacker dart out towards we fighter . steve ( filter ) evasive maneuver ! check six ! just move away in time , we fighter barely dodge the oncoming enemy attacker as they FIRE a hailstorm of firepower ( tracker bullet - like laser ) shower the sky . as Steve 's plane dive , a attacker follow . Jimmy 's plane pull up behind the attacker . head up display - hud Jimmy 's hud have the alien attacker in he sight . jimmy ( filter ) get you cover , stevie . Jimmy fire , another AIM -9 sidewinder take off . alien attacker the sidewinder overtake the attacker as Steve roll away out of position . five yard before the sidewinder can get to the attacker , it explode . jimmy shit ! they have get shield too . steve's fighter bank back around to get a shot . just as he turn , three american fighter be blown to ribbons from attacker tracer fire . the attacker be in hot pursuit of Jimmy 's fighter . the fighter fly next to Jimmy be demolished . steve Jimmy , roll right . I will cover . Jimmy 's fighter narrowly roll away from the tracer fire as Steve fire another sidewinder , momentarily distracting the attacker . Jimmy fall in line with Steve as the attacker turn on they . both fighter jerk downward at a ninety degree angle at mach one . narrowly miss the ground , they bank away . the attacker can not follow . int . AIR force one - same fighter after fighter begin to disappear from the display screen . constance we be lose they . president then get they out of there . suddenly one of the large radar display map fizzle out . technician we have lose the satellite . before he can adjust , another monitor fizzle away . ext . los angele - same one by one we see the fighter get taken out . fireballs litter the laser - tracer fire cover sky . steve maybe we can out run they . follow my lead . Jimmy and Steve bank away from the craft , hit the supercruise , bolting away at Mach 2 . both Jimmy and Steve be hold tight against they seat , strain against the g-force . two attacker spot they and follow in hot pursuit . Steve and Jimmy be fly at breakneck speed , the attacker slowly gain on they . steve Jimmy , kick it ! they be gain . jimmy we be already over Mach 2 ! steve so push it ! readouts show the plane fly beyond measurement . int . jimmy fighter - same as the plane accelerate , Jimmy fight to remain conscious . jimmy stevie ... I can not ... steve Jimmy , stay with I . Jimmy slowly lose consciousness . his fighter slow , drift off to the right . steve jimmy ! alien attacker gain on they . one catch up with Jimmy 's fighter and fire . jimmy fighter laser-tracer shower the fighter . it explode . job do , he attacker bank away , return to Los Angeles . steve no !!!! Steve 's attacker stay right with he , slowly gain . Steve kick he harder , keep the distance . CUT to : int . EL toro - AIR tower - same a radar operator spot something on he screen . he turn to Captain Watson . operator we have income . watson friendly ? operator I do not think so . Watson hit a alarm which roar . ext . EL toro - tarmac - second later a dozen pilot race out onto the field , run for they plane . before anyone can reach they , the sky darken with alien attacker who strafe the runway . int . tower - same through the front glass of the tower we see the attacker fire . one fire directly at the tower . Watson dive for cover as everything around he erupt into a gigantic fireball . wide angle - EL toro the entire base go up in flame . CUT to : ext . skie - fighter & attacker - same Steve look down over the side of he fighter . steve's Pov - the grand canyon - same Steve hit the brake . surprise , the attacker sail past . take the moment , Steve dive down into the grand canyon . steve ( to himself ) okay , jerk -off . let 's have some fun . the attacker recover , dive after Steve who fly dangerously close to the canyon wall . the attacker have trouble keep up with he but do . Steve put on a clinic in advanced aerobatics , banking , diving , swerving . the attacker seem to be improve , follow closer and closer . Steve duck into smaller canyon , twist sideways . still the attacker follow close . fuel gauge - running low near empty . frustrate , Steve get piss . steve damn it ! Steve turn down a dead and side canyon . the attacker be right on he tail . steve let 's see if you be fully equip . the fighter be on a collision course with the end of the canyon wall . suddenly Steve yank he ace ii - ejection seat . stave sail upward into the air . the fighter crash into the canyon wall . the attacker can not turn in time . he try to pull up , over it , just miss the top of the canyon wall . as the nose of the attacker hit the tip of the canyon wall the attacker be flipped over , rolling end over end over the top of the canyon . the parachute on Steve 's ejection seat pop OPEN . ext . top of canyon - continuous Rolling end over end , the attacker be bang up badly as it finally come to a stop . not far away , Steve have a quick , hard , landing . Rolling over , Steve quickly pop the buckle on the chute and frees himself . he stand and look around . spot the beat up and incapacitate alien attacker , Steve get a angry resolve look . he march over to the fall alien attacker . he scan it quickly , spot a type of door that have be knock ajar . with all he might , Steve yank the door OPEN . a alien for the first time we get a quick glance at this alien , a odd hybrid creature with fluctuate skeletal structure . the reason we only get a quick glance be because the moment it turn woozily towards we , Steve rear back and slug he in the face , knock the alien totally unconscious . his anger finally subside , exhaustion take over , Steve stand over the craft , slowly withdraw the prize Victory dance cigar . he light it and take a long angry puff . steve now that 's a close encounter . CUT to : int . tunnel - pasadena freeway - alcove - same it 's dark . the hole jasmine have enter be now block . she push but it will not budge . exhausted , she ignites she lighter to get a better look around . as it light we see that we be inside a maintenance garage . jasmine rush over to a phone but the line be dead . take Dylan by the hand she move to the large garage door but she can not open they . she turn around and see a large maintenance truck , a huge land - mover shovel attach to the front . she smile . ext . garage door - second later with a roar the large door blast apart as the maintenance truck smashes through . once out , jasmine hit the brake . reverse angle - jasmine's Pov - devastate L.A. total devastation . remnant of car and building smolder . Three scattered survivor crawl from the wreckage . a nightmare of destruction . the space craft above , slowly leave . dylan mommy , what happen ? jasmine ( astonished ) I do not know , badly . CUT to : ext . desert - refugee trailer camp - day we see dozen of trailer pack up they gear , some already on the road . miguel talk with one of the driver , then hurry away , run . int . brennon trailer - same Russell wipe down Troy 's forehead , he 's burn up . alicia bring over a cold compress . russell you know , you be just like you mother . she be stubborn too . I have to twist she arm to get she to take she medicine . troy I be sorry , dad. ( beat ; scared ) I be not goin to die like mom , be I ? alicia you be go to be fine . miguel come rush in , pull Russell aside . miguel I could not find anything . everyone be pack up , they be leave . Word be a space ship be head this way . russell we should leave too . miguel there 's a group head south , they say there 's a hospital just a couple hour away . I think we should follow they . Russell nod in agreement . a knock on the door . alicia turn to find a handsome young boy , philip in the doorway hold a bottle of pill . philip penicillin . at least it will help keep he fever down . alicia it 's really nice of you to help we . philip I wish I could do more but we be move out . alicia ( too eager ) we be go with you . I mean , we be go too . philip cool . alicia nod , smitten . Philip smile charmingly and leave . CUT to : int . AIR force one - same back in the passenger section , the President sit with General grey and Chief of staff nimziki . the technician from the command module be briefing they . technician they must be target we satellite . we have lose all satellite communication , tracking and mapp . general grey have norad relay intelligence to we on board computer ? the technician nod and exit . defeat , the President slump sullenly . general grey we have move as many of we force away from the basis as possible but we have already sustained heavy loss . the President nod he approval absently . come out of the bathroom , David overhear . nimziki I speak with the Joint Chief when they arrive at norad . they agree , we must launch a counter offensive with a full nuclear strike . hit them with everything we have get . president above american soil ? nimziki if we do not strike soon , there may not be much of a America leave to defend . the technician return , he face be white with fear . general grey what 's the latest from norad ? officer it 's go , sir . they have take out norad . nimziki that 's impossible ... general grey my God , the vice President and the Joint Chiefs ... nimziki Mr. President , we must launch . a delay now would be more costly than when you wait to evacuate the city ! that sting the President . he consider the option . David be shocked . david you can not be seriously consider fire nuclear weapon ? constance David , do not ... David push past she . david if you fire nuke , so will the rest of the world . do you know what that kind of fall out will do ? how many innocent people ... the General get up run interference . constance try to pull David back . general grey ( stern ) Sir , i remind you that you be just a guest here ... constance ( overlap ) David , please ... david this be insanity ! you will kill we and they at the same time . there will be nothing leave ! nimziki ( interrupt ) sit down and shut up ! suddenly moishe be on he foot , interrupt . moishe do not tell he to shut up ! you would all be dead , be it not for my David . you do not do anything to prevent this ! as everyone be about to besiege moishe , the President try to calm he down . president Sir , there be not much more we could have do . we be totally unprepare for this . moishe do not give I unprepare ! since nineteen fifty whatever you guy have have that space ship , the thing you find in New Mexico . david ( embarrassed ) dad , please ... moishe what be it , roswell ? you have the space ship , the body , everything lock up in a bunker , the what be it , Area fifty one . that 's it ! Area fifty one . you know and you do not do nothing ! for the first time in along time , President whitmore smile . president regardless of what the tabloid have say , there be never any space craft recover by the government . take my word for it , there be no Area 51 and no recover space ship . Chief of staff nimziki suddenly clear he throat . nimziki uh , excuse I , Mr. President , but that 's not entirely accurate . the President and General grey turn to nimziki , shocked . smashed and burned out car lay across the roadway . suddenly smash , jasmine 's maintenance truck blast through . ext . highway - CITY limit - same with the massive devastation in the b.g. , jasmine drive the maintenance truck down the highway . in the back , the few survivor she 's find . in the back , four injured passengers lay across the flatbe as a thin , older man , teddy tend to they . int . maintenance truck - same jasmine spot a tall man , he close in tatter running down the highway , he arm in the air . tall man the end have come ! he speaketh he word and the end hast come ! jasmine pull up along side he . jasmine hop on . we be head out to El toro . tall man you can not defy what have come , it be the end ! the tall man move off , scream to the heaven . as jasmine watch he drift away she sees ... overturned military helicopter still smolder from the crash . a woman can be see inside , still alive . jasmine jump out . jasmine give I a hand . teddy join jasmine as they pry open the door . Inside , the pilot have be kill , but Mrs. whitmore , the first lady , lay there in great pain , blood across she blouse . jasmine let 's get she out of here . they erase she from the wreckage , lay she on the ground . Dylan come over , stand next to he mother . teddy she 's bleed pretty bad . suddenly we hear the clicking of a rifle cocking . male voice ( o.s. ) who 's get the key ? jasmine turn and see a redneck leveling he rifle at she . behind he a small damage sport car pull up , pack to the gill with steal , loot appliance . redneck ( yell to pal ) look like I have solve we transportation problem . jasmine hey , you be welcome to come with we . we be leave here anyway ... redneck we be not . give I the key . ( yell back ) get them off . two guy rush from they vehicle over to the maintenance truck , pull the injure off the tailback . tall man ( o.s. ) repent ! Sinners ! repent ! the end hast come ! running up from behind , the tall man come over scream . the redneck turn he gun on he . redneck back off . this be not you business . as the redneck be distract , jasmine spot the bag of firework protrude out of Dylan 's back pocket . tall man you can not go against the word , brother . redneck sure I can . the redneck shoot the tall man . his buddy laugh . redneck ( cont would ) now give I that key , bitch . as he turn back to jasmine , boomer start barking wildly . just as he turn to shoot the dog , jasmine light a key rocket from the firework bag . the rocket blast into the redneck , he shirt igniting on FIRE . the redneck drop the rifle , attempt to put out the flame , he croney rush to he aid . jasmine pick up the gun , move in on they . jasmine this " bitch " be bear in Alabama with a daddy who love to hunt . ( cock the weapon ) so do not think for one second that I do not know how to use this . she fire the rifle . quickly the redneck scamper away . CUT to : ext . dry lake - desert - later dragging a heavy bundle wrap in he parachute , Steve march across the desert floor . the alien arm / tentacle dangle out of the parachute . exhausted , Steve stop to wipe he brow . he hear something , turn around . steve's Pov - the trailer armada several hundred of the trailer from the refugee camp be head en mass towards he . smiling , Steve signal they . the trailer pull up on either side , surround he . miguel lean out of he trailer . miguel ( sarcastic ) need a lift ? steve when I fly overhead , I see some kind of base , not far . confused , miguel check he map . miguel it 's not on the map . steve trust I , it 's there . ext . AIR force one - later Flying over the desert , Air Force one sail over a immense valley , Area 51 below - hangar , a few building , a small air strip , not much . Super : n.i.a. base - " Area 51 " , nevada ext . runway - later Air Force one land . wheel touch down , skid . int . hangar - later the large hangar door open and Air Force one be roll inside . the President and he entourage be meet by a contingent of base personnel lead by field operative , lo. mitchell . he escort they to a side hallway . int . hallway - continuous Lt. Mitchell walk over to a odd wall switch as the President and he entourage wait in the center of the hall . with a loud hydraulic hum , the entire hallway begin to sink down , a enormous elevator . president why the hell be not I tell about this place ? nimziki two word , Mr. President . plausible deniability . General grey shoot nimziki a piss off look . when the elevator stop , a door slide open . int . research facility - continuous stepping out of the elevator , they walk into a large state of the art , sterile clean research facility . it be amazingly well staff and organize . president I do not understand . where do all this come from ? how do this get fund ? moishe you do not think they actually spend ten thousand dollar for a hammer and thirty thousand for a toilet seat , do you ? the President shoot he a look . they be greet by a group of scientist in whit coat lead by , dr . okun . mitchell Mr. President , I would like to introduce you to Dr. okun . he 's be head up we research here for the last fifteen year . Dr. okun be a odd , hyper -energetic man who 's spend too much time in isolation . okun Mr. President , a real pleasure . they do not let we out much , you you . president ( uncomfortable ) yes . okun well , I guess you would like to see the big tamale ? follow I . they walk up a ramp at the end of the room . large heavily enforce door slide open . int . storage lab - continuous the group step inside and nearly gasp at ... the alien attacker just like the one that chase Steve . the entourage stare in horror and wonder . we can see the patch - work repair they have make on the ship over the year . okun she 's a beaut , be not she ? moishe lean close to David and constance . moishe ( smug ) never any space ship recover by the government , huh ? president we have have this for forty year and you do not know anything about they ? okun Hell no , we know ton about they . the nearest stuff have only happen in the last few day . the President slowly walk around the ship as okun talk . David , mouth agape , just stare at it . okun ( cont would ) see , we can not duplicate they type of power so we have never be able to experiment . but since this guy start show up , all the gizmo inside turn on . the last twenty four hour have be really exciting ! president ( explode ) people be die out there . I do not think " exciting " be the word I would choose to describe it ! the room go silent , let the President blow off steam . president ( calming ) what can you tell we about the enemy we be face ? okun not all too dissimilar to we . breathes oxygen , comparable tolerance to heat , cold ... probably why they be interested in we planet . ( suddenly excited ) hey , you wanna see they ? int . medical research vault - moment later the light slowly turn on , illuminate the vault . okun lead the group to a seal partition . okun this be vault , or as some of we have come to call it , the " freak show . " okun hit a switch and the seal partition lift revealing ... formaldehyde tank - alien Three dead alien float in the milky formaldehyde tank . the murky fluid and condensation obstruct we view . what we do see be not pretty . okun when we find they they be wear bio-mechanical suit . once we get they off , we be able to learn a great deal about they anatomy ; eye , ear , bipolar digestive system ... no vocal cord though . we be assume they communicate with each other through other mean . David can not contain he fascination . he step forward . david what kind of other mean ? Hand signal , body language ? okun some kind of extra sensory perception . telepathy . president can they be kill ? okun this three die in the crash . they body be as frail as we own . you just have to get past they technology , which be , I be sorry to say , far more advanced . the President turn to David . president you unlock a part of that technology . you crack they code . david all I do be stumble onto they signal . I do not know how helpful I can be ... president show they what you have discover . work together . we have get to find a way to beat they . ext . security gate - same four armed guard watch the gate . a armada of truck and trailer head right for they . they move into position to block they entrance as a blue pick - up skid to a halt before they . Steve stand up from the back of the pick up . guard sorry , Lt. Colonel , I can not open the gate without clearance . steve you want to see my clearance ? impatiently Steve grab the Guard by the collar , pull he over the side of the truck put he face to face with the bundle parachute in the flatbe . Steve rip the fabric aside revealing ... the alien creature still unconscious , the alien stir . the Guard jump back , shitting in he pants . quickly he signal for the other to open the gate . the armada quickly drive past . blackness total darkness . suddenly light pour in as a door be open . we see the face of okun , David and three technician all peer at we with inquisitive expression . okun see the gizmo flash ? reverse - inside alien craft sure enough , ton of gizmo with light flash . High tech meet organic organism . this alien ship look familiar to we own technology and completely different at the same time . okun ( cont would ) we have be work around the clock try to get a fix on all this crap . some stuff we figure out right away . David climb in , fascinate . he touch everything . okun point to everything as he describe it . okun ( cont would ) this thing we be pretty sure be the life support for the cabin , this do -hickey over here be connect with the engine , this crap ... we have no idea what that stuff be for . David be transfix by it . he stare at the small screen with flash light pattern on they . okun ( cont would ) but this over here be clearly what they use to navigate and guide the craft . but David still stare at the small screen . david someone grab my laptop for I ? one of the technician rush off as okun lean close . okun find something interesting ? david maybe . the technician hand David he retrieve laptop which he quickly flip open and turn on . david this pattern here , they be repeat sequentially , just like ... David turn he laptop around for okun to see . the pattern on David 's laptop flash identically as the alien screen . david ( cont would ) ... they countdown signal . they use this frequency for computer communication . it 's how they co - ordinate they ship . okun you know , you be really start to make we look bad . the two man exchange a smile . another techy pop he head inside . techy ( out of breath ) they get one ! they get one , alive ! int . hallway off MAIN hangar - area 51 - same the bundle alien lay on a stretcher that 's wheeled quickly into the hall . okun and he staff surround it . trail behind they be Steve , Russell and miguel . okun how long have it be unconscious ? russell Excuse I Doctor ... steve Three hour . okun get he into containment , stat . russell my boy be very sick , he need immediate attention . okun ignore Russell , hit the elevator switch on the wall , the room begin its hydraulic hum . okun he 's die out . I want he spray down with saline . Russell slam he fist against the switch , the room stop . he grab a doctor nearby , get in he face . russell my boy be slip into a diabetic coma . if you do not do something about it right now he will die . miguel be surprised and proud of Russell as he hold doctor isaacs , meaning business . dr . isaacs o'haver , Miller , come with I . ( to Russell ) take we to he . CUT to : ext . road - maintenance truck - night headlights pierce the darkness as the maintenance truck roll to a stop . jasmine climb down out of the truck , she face ashen . she walk past a sign read : El toro Marine Corps Air Station . tear begin to roll from she eye . we follow she gaze to see ... ext . EL toro marine corp AIR station - continuous the entire facility be smolder , the last remnant of the fire burn itself to extinction . jasmine be devastate . CUT to : int . area 51 command CENTER - night General grey and nimziki be in a heat argument . general grey you be the head of the National Intelligence Agency ! you know all about this . when be you plan on inform the rest of we !? nimziki it have be deem classified . general grey Christ , why do not you say anything about this when they first arrive ? you could have warn we before we launch a counter attack that cost we hundred of american pilot ! just then the President enter along with constance and some other advisor . he examine a paper map of the United States , tack to the wall , each major city circle in black . president Atlanta , Chicago and Philadelphia , destroy ? general grey ( compose himself ) and there be scattered report of sighting over Miami , Ft. Worth , and Memphis . the President and he team take seat at the large conference table . general grey ( cont would ) we have learn that NATO and western ally installation be the fir to be take out . we be next . they know exactly where and how to hit we . grey sneak a accusatory glare at nimziki . president and we force ? general grey we be down to approximately fifteen percent , sir. ( beat ) if you calculate the time it take they to destroy a city and move on , we be look at world wide destruction of every major city within the next thirty six hour . president we be be exterminate . the room be quiet . constance run she finger through she hair . the door to the room open and Lt. Mitchell enter with Steve . mitchell Mr. President , this be Lt. Colonel Steven Hill . the President quickly get to he foot , anxiously shaking Steve 's hand . president Lieutenant , congratulation . steve thank you , sir . president where be the prisoner now ? mitchell we have he in isolation . the doctor be very hopeful he will survive . president I would like to see he . mitchell yes , sir . the General be concerned but the President be determine . they head for the door . steve ( to General grey ) General , I be anxious to get back to El toro . general grey do not anyone tell you ? I be sorry . El toro be destroy in the attack . Steve be shattered , he have no idea . CUT to : ext . EL toro base - night the injure be gather around a small camp fire . jasmine walk up , dump a box full of char can goods . jasmine this should last we a while . as Margaret try to move , she wince in pain . jasmine rush to she aid . the color from she face drain , Margaret look like she 's take a turn for the worse . jasmine do not move . stay still . jasmine adjust the bandage as Margaret turn and see Dylan curl up next to boomer , too adorable . slowly he start to wake up . margaret you son . jasmine he 's my angel . margaret be he father station here ? jasmine he be not he father . I be kinda hope he would want the job , though . jasmine become sad , remember . Margaret change the subject . margaret so , what do yo do for a live ? jasmine I be a dancer . margaret really ? ballet ? jasmine ( laugh ) no. exotic . margaret oh. sorry . jasmine do not be . I be not . it 's good money . ( be : Dylan ) ' side , he 's worth it . the bandage change , jasmine sit down next to Margaret . margaret and when the dance 's over ? what about you future ? jasmine funny , it use to scare I when I think about the future . ( look around ) guess it do not really matter anymore . Dylan come walk over . jasmine Dylan , come here . I want you to meet the first Lady . margaret ( surprised ) I think you do not recognize I . jasmine do not want to say anything . I vote for the other guy . CUT to : int . containment lab - night okun and two Medical assistant examine the alien creature . his arm and chest have be strapped down to the examine table . for the first time we get a good look at the head of this creature , long tentacled - type cord interlocked , cover the face . the doctor attach clamp to each of the cord . okun everyone ready ? the doctor exchange nervous glance , nod to each other . at the same moment all they pull on the clamp , unravel the interlocked cord . as the cord unravel , we see that this be in fact a bio-mechanical suit as we reveal ... the alien beneath the cord lay the unconscious face of the alien , he skin translucent , he body fluid , capillary , muscle tissue , alien 's skin . okun do we have life support monitor recording ? mo assist # 2 yes . if we fuck up it will all be on tape . okun can we get some ventilation in here ? I can not take this smell . mo assist # 2 they have conquer space travel but not b.o. as okun begin to put on a pair of surgical glove he suddenly grab he forehead . mo assist # 1 you all right ? okun yeah . it 's just that stink give I a headache . mo assist # 2 he 's move ! instantly everyone 's attention be rivete to the arm of the alien as it move beneath the sheet . unseen by the other the alien creature 's eye OPEN . another sharp pain hit okun who scream , stumbling backwards grab he head . the other turn in surprise . the alien suddenly spring up , the restrain strap snapping . before Med # 2 can react , one of the alien 's tentacles smashes she across the face . she be send sprawling backwards . low angle - the alien stand before she . in a wink of a eye , he attack , leaping on she . together they tumble back into a formaldehyde tank . hose be rip from they side and steam pour out . we get quick glimpse of they struggle as the steam engulf they . int . hallway - same Mitchell lead the presidential party down the hall . they turn and enter the Medical lab . int . containment lab - continuous the group slow as they enter the room . they see the containment room through the glass be cover with white steam . nothing can be see . it 's eerily quiet . cautiously they approach . suddenly okun be slammed against the glass partition , the creature 's tentacles wrap around he . press firmly to the glass , he eye be shut , he expression pain , but when he speak the voice be angry . okun / alien release ...me. mitchell open the door . get he out of there . suspicious , General grey stop he . general grey wait. ( to okun ) can you hear I ? okun / alien will kill ... release I . now ! they follow the tentacles with they eye , up to the ceiling of the containment tank . suddenly the alien leap down , startling they , landing before they behind the glass . we see he 's hold okun against the glass , speak through he . this be the first real good look we get at the this bizarre creature . everyone in the room be repulse and compel by it at the same time . ext . area 51 - night through the hundred of camper and trailer park outside , Steve run past until he reach the open tarmac . a transport helicopter sit on the edge of the landing area . Steve run up to it and climb inside . int . transport helicopter - continuous Steve quickly start it engine , prepare to take off . a soldier rush over to the cockpit . solider ( yell ) what the hell be you do ? get out of there ! steve I be just go to borrow it . the soldier pull out he pistol , take aim . solider no you be not , sir . steve you really want to shoot I ? Steve stare the soldier down . reluctantly he lower he gun . soldier shit . I be gonna catch the hell for this . Steve smile and give he a quick salute then take off . quickly the bird rise up and dart off into the night . int . medical lab - same the President have move closer to the glass and be talk with the alien . the alien use okun like a ventriloquist 's dummy . president why do you people come here ? okun / alien air...water ... you " sun . " president where do you people come from ? ( no answer ) where be you home ? okun / alien here ...now . president and before here ? okun / alien many world ... president can we negotiate a truce ? be there room for co-existance ? ( no answer ) can there be peace between we ? okun / alien peace ? no peace . president what do you want we to do ? okun / alien die . the alien move closer to the glass stare at the President . suddenly the President clutches he head in pain . nimziki Mr. President ? okun / alien we kill you ... all . the pain become more severe and the President scream out . there be general panic as people rush to the President 's side . general grey ( to Mitchell ) be that glass bullet proof ? mitchell no sir . the General draw he pistol . Mitchell and the other military officer follow he lead . simultaneously they all begin to FIRE ! the glass shatter into a billion piece . the alien be cut to ribbon , fall backwards . the President collapse . so do okun . a staffer rush over to okun , check he pulse . staffer he 's dead . General grey move to the President who slowly recover . general grey Mr. President , be you okay ? woozily the President sit up , a strange look in he eye . president he want I to understand . he communicate with I . ( turn to grey ) they be like locust . they travel from planet to planet , they whole civilization . after they have consume every natural resource they move on . and we be next . the President stand with a new resolve . he stare at the dead alien on the floor . president ( cold ) prepare a nuclear strike . int . storage lab - minute later the research staff be work near the recover alien attacker . constance come rush in . she look around for David . through the glass of one of the office she see he . int . office - continuous holding a bottle of Jack Daniels , David fish through a small refrigerator as constance enter . david just my luck , no ice . constance I take it you have hear . david a toast to the end of the world . David toast she with the bottle , take a swig . constance he do not come to this decision lightly . David nod , he do not want to argue . he smile cynically . david you still believe in he . constance he 's a good man . david better be . you leave I for he . constance I want a career . do not you ever want to be part of something special ? David stare dagger at she . david I be part of something special . constance realize he mean they marriage . she 's hurt he and can see it . she turn and leave . CUT to : ext . dark skie - night a black shadow be vaguely see in the dark night . as we pass some moonlit cloud we recognize the shadow be , in fact , a b-2 stealth bomber . as we widen , we see that the bomber be part of a squadron of eight . this mighty winge giant fly together in attack formation . int . command CENTER - be 51 - same a tracking screen come to life , eight blip flash . technician # 1 we have get the awac on line . signal come in low . the President 's group take they position behind the technician . ext . black skie - night the eight b-2 stealth bomber break formation , each head off to they different target destination . int . command CENTER - same on a large map , we see the eight target destination and the plane head for they . president who will we reach first ? commander Houston , Texas . intercept eta , six minute and count down . president oh my God , Houston . general grey the major city have be desert . civilian casualty should be at a minimum , sir . one map screen , enlarges , tracking the bomber on route to Houston . ext . liquor store - outside houston - night looter take all they can carry through the break glass store front . a large heavily armored tank roll up front . int . armore tank - same nervous military technician work equipment as they tank commander pull down a periscope . tank commander Pov - space ship over houston through the periscope cross-hair we see downtown Houston , the City destroyer space ship settling in above it . ext . b-2 stealth bomber - same silhouett against the shimmer water on the bay , they stealth bomber can be see as it approach Houston . int . b-2 stealth bomber - cockpit - same the flight crew work they computer ( similar readout be see at command center ) . the multi-function display ( mfd ) flash before each crew member . pilot we have laser target lock . int . command CENTER - same technician # 1 target be lock , sir . do you wish to deploy ? everyone turn to the President who do not answer . general grey Mr. President , do you wish to deploy . still there be no answer . nimziki Mr. President ? president ( softly ) deploy . ext . b-2 stealth bomber - weapon BAY - same the bay door open and a large tactical nuclear Cruise missile drop down , fly parallel with the bomber as it adjust its radar and laser tracking . suddenly it shoot off . the bomber bank away . int . b-2 stealth bomber - same we see the horizon twist away as we bank off from target . pilot she 's away . int . command CENTER - same on the big map we see one flashing target line tracking the missile as it approach Houston . president ( to himself ) May we child forgive we . int . armore tank - outside houston - night the tank Commander readjust the periscope . tank commander Pov - space ship & b-2 stealth bomber we follow the Cruise missile as it guide itself on a direct collision course with the space craft . int . command CENTER - same the target map show how close the missile be , nearly on top of the target . everyone in the room hold they breath . ext . space craft - same the nuke speed closer . it hit the protective shield and detonate . a flash of light . wide angle - houston with the b-2 stealth bomber in the foreground , the city behind it vanish in a flash of light , blind we . int . command CENTER - same we can see the extent of the explosion on the target map , tracking it -- a expand ring around Houston . nimziki ( excited ) it 's a hit ! the other be still wait . the monitor show the night vision picture of the grow mushroom cloud rise above the city . ext . houston - wide - same the mushroom cloud engulf the horizon . ext . armore tank - same rocked by the massive explosion , the shock wave rock the armored tank but do not destroy it . int . armore tank - same the man inside be knocked around , hard from the explosion . int . command CENTER - same nimziki we get the bastard ! General grey shoot nimziki a look . the President hold up a hand , silencing the room . president can they see it ? do it destroy the target ? tank commander's Pov through periscope - same as the cloud begin to dissipate we see the space craft be still there , completely unharme . int . armore tank - same tank commander negative . target remain . int . command CENTER - same on the monitor as well , we can see the target remain . the air be let out of the room , everyone deflate . president call they back . nimziki the other bomber might have more luck . we should not just give up ... president I say call they back . as the technician call the bomber away , the President sink into a depression . his last hope of survival go . CUT to : ext . EL toro marine corp AIR station - night jasmine keep Margaret company as the rest sleep around the last flame of they campfire . from the worried expression on jasmine 's face we can tell that Margaret have get worse , she wound bleed badly . a wind kick up , the sound of a engine approach . jasmine squint she eye look up into the wind when a bright light engulf she . jasmine's Pov - light - night Bright light in the sky grow nearer . slowly the other begin to wake up , frighten as the light intensify . the other slowly begin to retreat but jasmine stand , stare defiantly . a smile creep across she face as she see that the light belong to ... transport helicopter the Transport helicopter touch down and Steve leap out , racing towards jasmine . overwhelm , jasmine jump into he arm . jasmine you be late . steve you know how I like to make a big entrance . they kiss . CUT to : int . hallway - night the double door burst open as the President carry he young daughter march through . Doctor isaacs come over to they . president how be she ? isaacs I be sorry , Mr. President . if only we could have get to she sooner . the President put he daughter down as he see ... president's Pov - margaret Margaret lay in bed , doctor and nurse surround she . Patricia rush over . isaacs she 's bleed internally . there 's nothing else we can do . stun , the President watch as Patricia hug she mother . margaret hiya munchkin . patricia mommy , we be worried . we do not know where you be . margaret I be right here , baby . recovering , the President nod for the doctor to leave the room . as they begin to march out , he make he way over to he wife and daughter . president honey , why do not you wait outside so mommy can get some rest . Patricia kiss she mother , say goodbye and leave . out of sight , Margaret wince , fade away . the President grab she hand for support . she squeeze tightly . margaret ( through tear ) I be scared , Tom . president it 's okay . the doctor say you be go to be just fine . Margaret smile at the man she know all too well . margaret liar . the look between they say more than any word . int . hallway - outside margaret' room - later the President exit the room , overcome with emotion . constance , the doctor and some medical crew move to comfort he . he hold they off with a gesture . he look up and see jasmine , Steve and Dylan down the hall . he push through the crowd and make he way over to they . jasmine I be so sorry . president I just want to thank you . you be a very brave woman . across the hall , Patricia sit in a chair , wait . whitmore walk over to she and kneel down next to he small child . patricia be mommy sleep now ? president yes , baby . mommy 's sleep . fade out : a garbage can topples over with a bang ! a foot step in and start kick trash all over . ext . area 51 - night David be drunkenly knock everything over , make a gigantic mess . moishe come up behind , restrain he . moishe David , David ! what the hell be you do !? david I be make a mess . moishe this I can see . david we have gotta burn the rain forest , pop . dump toxic waste , pollute the air , rip up the ozone . maybe if we screw this planet up enough they will not want it anymore . moishe David , you be drunk . David slip , fall on he ass , hard . moishe help he back up on he foot . moishe I think you better sleep this off . go back inside before you catch a cold . slowly David look up towards moishe , a idea . david pop , you be a genius ! moishe what would I say ? david a cold ? of course . sober , David jump kiss he father and bolt inside . CUT to : int . storage lab - day a large crowd have be gather here at the lab . General grey and nimziki walk up to constance . nimziki all right , connie , we be here . what 's this all about ? constance I really have no idea . he just say to bring everyone down here . Steve show Dylan the alien space craft . dylan do that thing fly in outer space ? Steve loos up at the craft admiringly . steve it certainly do . when the President enter a technician rush over and knock on the hatch door on the alien attacker . the door swing open and David climb down . grabbing a coke can from the " recycle " trash bin , David place the empty can on top of the alien attacker . David turn and face the gather . david could anyone please step back away from the craft ? they do and David nod to a technician inside the craft . the technician disappear inside , close the door behind he . a loud hum emit from the craft . David have to yell over it . david Lt. Mitchell , would you mind draw you pistol ? mitchell what ? david from where you be stand , do you think you could shoot that can off the alien craft ? Mitchell shrug affirmatively . David gesture for he to try . take aim , Mitchell shoot . the bullet ricochet off the attacker 's protective shield . several people in the crowd dock , afraid of be hit by the errant bullet . david sorry ' bout that . you see , it 's protect by the craft 's shield . we can not penetrate they defense . nimziki we know that already . what 's you point ? David walk over to he laptop , now connect directly to the craft by cable and start type furiously . david my point be if we can not beat they defense , then we must get around they . David stop type and stare at he wrist watch , silently count down . david Lt. Mitchell , would you please try to shoot it again ? reluctantly Mitchell oblige . this time the can be blown off the craft . everyone in the room be shocked . the technician re-open the craft 's door and the loud hum disappear . general grey how do you do that ? david I give it a cold . the President be fascinate , he step closer . moishe beam proudly at he smart son . constance be amaze . david ( cont would ) more accurately , I give it a virus . a computer virus . David turn he laptop around for the President to see . general grey be you tell we you can send out a signal that will disable all they shield ? david just as they use we satellite against we , we can use they own signal against they . David walk over to a diagram he 's make show the relationship between the mother ship , the Space craft and the smaller alien attacker . david ( cont would ) if we plant the virus directly into the mother ship , it would then filter down into all the corresponding ship below . nimziki and just how do we infect the " mother ship " with a virus ? David gesture to the alien attacker behind he . david we will have to fly they craft out of we atmosphere and dock with the mother ship . intrigue Steve turn and look back at the alien attacker , size it up . David point to a satellite photo of the underbelly of the mother ship . david ( cont would ) we can enter here , upload the virus and set off a explosion that could disable it . this would disorient the smaller ship below and buy you some time to take they out . constance react , realize David 's participation in the plan . nimziki this be ridiculous . general grey how long would they shield be down ? david once they discover the virus it could be a matter of minute . nimziki you want we to co-ordinate a massive world wide counter strike with a window of only a few minute ? general grey with they shield down it might be possible . nimziki please , you be not buy into any of this nonsense , be you ? we do not have the manpower or the resource to launch that kind of a campaign . ( gesture to the alien ship ) not to mention that this whole cockamamie plan be dependent on a machine that no one in the world be qualified to operate . steve ( o.s. ) I would not say that , sir . everyone turn to Steve who step through the crowd . steve I have see they in action . I have watch they maneuver . with you permission , sir , I would like the opportunity to try . nimziki that thing 's a wreck . it crash land back in the fifty ! we do not even know if it 's capable of fly . David turn to the technician . david remove the clamp ! technician move to the large hold clamp on either side of the craft . with a loud clank , the clamp be pull away . for a moment the hulk craft teeters unevenly , but quickly stabilize , floating above they . david any other question ? everyone stare at the float ship with wonder . president let 's do it . int . hallway - moment later constance , General grey and the President be walk down the hall . nimziki rush to catch up . nimziki I understand that you be upset over the death of you wife but that 's no excuse for make another fatal mistake ... the President whirl , grab nimziki and slam he against the wall . holding he tight , the President get in he face . president the only mistake I make be appoint a sniveling little weasel like you Chief of staff . constance be about to intervene when General grey stop she . president ( cont would ) but this be a mistake , I be thankful to say , I do not have to live with . Mr. nimziki , you be fire . the President release he and turn to General grey . president ( cont would ) organize every plane you can find and get some goddamn pilot to fly they . general grey yes , sir. he storm off leave everyone stunne . nimziki he can not do that . constance ( amaze ) he just do . CUT to : int . military tent - continuous four british AIR pilot be gather around a table go over a map . one pilot , reginald , be in charge . reginald ... we have be tell that there may be additional re-enforcement in hide near the Golan straight ... suddenly the flap to the tent open . all the pilot draw they pistol frightening the arab pilot who stand in the doorway . the arab Pilot speak quickly in Arabic . reginald what the hell 's he say ? thomson ( explain ) seem they be get a signal . one morse code . ext . dry lake - second later as they step out of the tent we see more than a hundre fighter plane from different nation park around they . they have all go into hide out here in the desert , divide into many smaller camp . reginald and thomson follow they arab cohort , walk through the many other campsite . thomson get some stare from the iraqi pilot . reginald I still get believe this . thomson the Iraqis do not appear altogether too pleased with this arrangement . reginald how do you think the Israelis feel ? sure enough a campsite of israeli pilot sit very near by . angle - arabian AIR force camp dozen of arab pilot be gather around a large radio as the morse code come through . thomson quickly kneel down , take note . thomson it 's from the Americans . they want to organize a counter offensive . reginald it 's about bloody time . what do they plan to do ? ext . ice plateau - siberia - day several Russian pilot be gather around a radio , they dozen mig fighter stand behind they . russian # 1 ( subtitle ) they claim to be able to bring down they shield . russian # 2 when do they want to attack ? ext . volcano base - fuji - day at the base of a large volcano in Fuji , several japanese attack helicopter stand near they pilot , gather around a radio . japanese pilot ( subtitle ) the attack begin in thirteen hour . CUT to : int . area 51 - war room - day a large world map have be construct . several site be mark with sticker read : combat ready . another sticker be put onto Mr. Fuji . stride in , the President survey the war room . General grey rush over to meet he . president how're we do ? general grey better than we think . General grey lead the President over to the wall map . general grey we have confirm division of troops from different army all around the world . most of Europe , the Middle East and Asia be battle ready . president and we troops here ? generale grey we have be collect plane from all over but ... president but what , General ? general grey pilot , sir . we do not have enough people to get they in the air . president then find they . CUT to : int . brennon trailer - night Troy be sleep peacefully in he bed . Russell sit at the kitchen table as miguel enter . miguel how ' he do ? russell just fall asleep . he 's gonna be just fine . join I in a little celebration ? Russell hold up he bottle of Jack Daniels . clearly he 's be drink again . miguel be crestfallen . piss he turn and storm out . russell miguel . do not be mad . miguel ! drunkenly , Russell chase after he . int . area 51 - refugee camp - continuous make he way through the camper , Russell sees a group of refugee around some military officer who address they . officer ( through megaphone ) ... we be plan to launch a counter offensive ... Russell wander over towards they . officer ( cont would ) ... with we deplete manpower we must ask that anyone with any flight experience come forward . military training be preferable but anyone who can fly a plane could be useful ... Russell push he way through the crowd . russell ( slur ) I can fly , I mean , I be a pilot . the officer just stare at the bottle of Jack Daniels still in he hand . officer sorry , sir . Russell get into he face , desperate . russell you do not understand . I have gotta be part of this . this be important to I . they ruin my life . officer why do not you go somewhere and sleep it off . the officer move on , take a few volunteer with they . Russell watch they go , deject . angrily , he throw the bottle of Jack , smashing it . int . storage lab - night a large missile slide back into a launcher that have be attach to the top of the alien attacker . some worker paint over the patch - work repair . below , Mitchell brief Steve and David . mitchell we have hide the launcher in the ship 's manifold . Mitchell take a small black box from a table near by . mitchell ( cont would ) this will be attach to the ship main console . steve it 's just like a amraam launch pad on the stealths . mitchell exactly . use it the same way . only the nuke will not detonate on impact . you will have another thirty second to get as far away as you can . david I will see how they be do with the radio transmitter . steve ( check he watch ) oh shit , we be late . david we will meet you there . Steve dash off as David move toward the attacker . constance have be eavesdropp . she walk to David . constance thirty second ? be not that cut it a little too close ? david we will be well on we way out of there before we shoot that thing off . David lean under the attacker where a technician be attach another device . technician it 's the strongest shf transmitter we could get . it will tell we when you have upload the virus . david then cross you finger the shield go down . David turn and walk away , constance follow . constance with you ? I do not understand why you can not just show someone how to plant the virus , somebody train for this kind of mission ? david if anything go wrong I will have to think quickly , adjust the signal , who know ? David stop , pick up a small trash can label " recycle . " david ( smile ) you know how I be always try to save the planet . this be my chance . David rush off . constance watch he leave . constance ( to herself ) now he get ambitious . int . SMALL gathering hall - same jasmine be kneel as Dylan try to zip up the back of she dress . dylan it 's too tight . jasmine I have to borrow it . I guess that 's good enough . jasmine stand , turn to Dylan . jasmine how do I look ? she look great . but Dylan only give she the " so - so " hand gesture . jasmine you be a lot of help . the door behind she fly open and Steve march in . jasmine you be late . steve you know I ... jasmine I know , you like to make a big entrance . Steve move next to jasmine , take she hand . steve before we do this , I want you to know I be sorry . jasmine sorry for what ? steve ( serious ) I should have do this a long long time ago . male voice ( o.s. ) do you have the ring ? as we reverse angle we see that we be in a military chapel , a large crucifix on the wall . a chaplain stand by the altar . steve you bet . Steve pull out the famous " dolphin " ring . chaplain witnesses ? just then the door open and David and constance enter take seat on oppose side of the aisle . chaplain then let 's get this show on the road . Steve and jasmine take they place at the altar . jasmine be radiant . Dylan rush up and join they . as the ceremony begin , David and constance share a pregnant glance . slowly they reach across the aisle and hold hand as Steve and jasmine exchange they vow . CUT to : hangar door - pre-dawn slowly spread apart revealing the myriad of different plane that have be gather . pilot , flight crew and refugee prepare for the battle . ext . area 51 - tarmac - pre-dawn walk out the President scan the motley collection of plane ; old , new , high - tech , low -tech . general grey beggar can not be chooser , sir . nodding in agreement , the President walk among the rank and file . slowly they turn they attention to the President . president good morning . in less than one hour plane from here and all around the world will launch the large aerial battle in the history of mankind ... ( beat ) mankind . the word have new meaning for all of we now . we be remind not of we petty difference but of we common interest . constance , David and moishe join the group , listen . even David be move . president ( cont would ) perhaps it 's fate that today , July the fourth , we will once again fight for we freedom . not from tyranny , persecution or oppression . but from annihilation . we be fight for we right to live , to exit . from this day on , the fourth day of July will no longer be remember as a american holiday but as the day that all of mankind declare we will not go quietly into the night . we will not vanish without a fight . we will live on . we will survive . the crowd erupt into applause and cheer . the President turn and walk over to a Officer hold a bundle of clothes . General grey confront the President as he begin to disrobe . general grey Mr. President , just what do you think you be do ? president I be a pilot , will . this be where I belong . General grey want to argue but can not . int . storage lab - same constance and David embrace as Steve turn to Dylan . steve when I be back we will light that firework . jasmine hug they both as moishe walk over to David . moishe David , take this . David look down at the " barf bag " in moishe 's hand . david thanks , pop . moishe I want you should know , I be very proud of you , son . that mean more to David than moishe could have know . constance be careful . constance hug David as Steve suddenly freak out . steve damn it . we can not go yet . I gotta find some cigar . Steve be about to bolt when moishe grab he , retrieve two cigar from he coat pocket . moishe my last two . with my blessing . steve you be a lifesaver . Steve grab they and climb inside . David smile awkwardly , then follow Steve . int . alien attacker - continuous the hatch shut and David take a seat next to Steve who hand he one of the cigar . steve hang on to this . for we victory dance . but not ' till we hear the fat lady sing . reluctantly David take it . as he do Steve notice the " barf bag " on David 's lap . off Steve 's look ... david I have a confession to make . I be not real big on fly . steve great . int . storage lab - same constance and jasmine join the other behind the observation glass outside the room as the attacker prepare for lift off . part of the ceiling suddenly peel away , revealing a enormous shaft lead topside . int . steve and david be alien attacker - same strap in and secure they equipment , Steve grab hold of the throttle . steve you ready ? let ' rock and roll . Steve pull back on the throttle but the attacker swing backward . int . storage lab - same the alien attacker smashes backward into the rear of the lab . moishe wince as the other react fearfully . int . steve and david be alien attacker - same embarrass , Steve adjust the throttle . steve oops . like a stick shift diagram of a car , a small hand write " post it " card be paste onto the dash . Steve reach over and turn it upside down , righting the problem . steve let 's try that again . this time he push the throttle forward and the attacker jerk ahead . int . storage lab - continuous shoot up into the ceiling shaft above , the attacker zoom out of the underground laboratory . ext . area 51 - shaft - same with a whoosh the alien attacker zoom out of the underground shaft and soar into the sky . once high enough it go into a wild barrel roll . int . steve and david be alien attacker - same just as it come out of the roll . david what the hell be you do ? steve just get a feel for she . ext . morning skie - cloud bank - same the attacker arc upward and disappear into the cloud . ext . area 51 - the president's plane - same the President watch the attacker fly away . his canopy lock down as he adjust he helmet . president grey , you read I ? general grey ( filter ) Roger , Eagle one , we primary target have shift course . int . war room - same General grey be stand by the large map tracking the alien ship over the United States . president ( filter ) where 's it head ? general grey I think we secret be out . they be head right for we . int . president's plane - same general grey ( filter ) eta thirty six minute . the President get a determine look in he eye . he fire up he engine . follow he lead , engine ignite , canopy lock down and plane taxi to position . ext . upper atmosphere - alien attacker - same the capture alien attacker soar higher and higher . int . steve and david' attacker - same slowly get sick , David hold onto he " barf bag . " steve you still with I ? David nod sheepishly . Steve 's eye go wide with wonder as the ship climb to the edge of we atmosphere . steve ( to himself ) I have wait a long time for this . the ship begin to shake , rattling harshly as it climb . through the window we see the blue sky evaporate . slowly a field of star take its place . this be the moment Steve have wish for all he life . he 's not disappointed . David , however , be not so thrilled . ext . space - steve and david' attacker - same head further into space , zooming overhead . int . steve and david' attacker - same through the windshield we see a huge object float in the distance , the moon behind it . david that 's it . head straight for it . but Steve get distract , something wrong with the control . steve something 's happen . it 's not respond . David look over at he laptop , connect to the ship 's on board computer . th signal be adjusting . david ( thrilled ) I be count on that . they be bring we in . ext . blue skie - morning the President 's plane lead thirty fighter in attack formation . president we have visual . reserve angle - alien space craft the fifteen mile wide space craft peek over a mountain range head straight for we . general grey ( filter ) do not engage until we have confirm the package have be deliver . president Roger . int . war room - same constance be stand by Lt. Mitchell behind the military cadre coordinate the battle . constance what if that thing get here before we can plant the virus ? mitchell the entire compound be bury deep within the mountain . it should give we some protection . constance but what about all the people outside ? Mitchell shoot she a worried look . quickly they both dash outside . ext . mother ship - same Steve and David 's attacker fly towards the gigantic mother ship . hundred of other attacker flow in and out of the mother ship through the many triangular portal . Steve and David 's attacker 's draw into one of they . int . portal shaft - mother ship - same caught in a stream of attacker , they flow through the portal shaft lead into this planet size space craft . they pass by enormous window revealing the hundred of alien work within the mother ship . we spill out of the shaft and into a gigantic cavity stretch out beyond visibility . enormous tower be scattered throughout . int . steve and david' attacker - continuous neither can believe they eye . stare out the front window they sees ... steve and david' Pov alien troop parade ground below they thousand of alien can be see as they be march into dozen of enormous troop container dock at the edge of the parade grounds . david must be thousand of they . what be they do ? steve look like they be prepare the invasion . int . docking station - mother ship - continuous they pass the parade ground and head into the middle of this huge cavernous sphere , close in on the many landing . hundred of attacker be dock at each one . in the center of the landing be large BAY window , inside be a kind of control tower . we can see several alien worker through the glass . Steve and David 's attacker be head straight towards they . steve this will not work . they will see before we can do anything . lift up another hand write card label " window , " David push the button underneath . david this thing be fully equip . reclining bucket seat , power window ... a blast shield lower cover the window . slowly Steve and David 's attacker lower onto large docking clamp which lock on , hold it in place . david we be in ! David start type frantically . int . war room - same Mitchell turn from one of the console to General grey . mitchell he 's upload the virus . general grey ( into mic ) Eagle one ... ext . blue skie - same the presidential attack squadron zeroing in on target . general grey ( filter ) ... the package be be deliver . stand by to engage . president Roger . ext . area 51 - brennon trailer - same alicia struggle to drag out a large duffle bag . Philip ( the boy who bring the penicillin earlier ) rush over . philip let I get that . he grab the bag for she . alicia smile . miguel help Troy down from the trailer . as they rush away , miguel turn to Philip . miguel where 's Russell ? angle - hangar - entrance to compound constance , jasmine and Mitchell be help to usher the refugee into the compound . constance hurry , we have get to get everyone inside . constance look up and sees off in the distance ... the alien space craft pierce the horizon , come over the top of a distant mountain . headed this way . int . steve and david' attacker - same David finish type . the screen on he laptop flash : upload complete . david the virus be in . all we can do now be pray . ext . blue skie - american fighter - same general grey ( filter ) Delivery complete . engage . president Roger . the fighter jet gun it and overtake the smaller plane in front of they . below the President 's plane the weapon bay door open and a long range amraam missile drop down , compute its target and dart off . int . war room - same Mitchell and General grey move over to a monitor show visual from the present 's plane . they see the missile move towards target . general grey keep you finger cross . ext . american fighter - same the pilot watch nervously as the missile near its target . president come on , baby . angle - amraam missile just as it get to the shield perimeter , the missile explode . the shield be still up . int . war room - same they watch the missile blow up harmlessly . deflate , General grey grab he mic . general grey it do not work . disengage . Sir , get you people out of there . ext . president's plane - same the President be not ready to give up . president not yet ! below he plane another missile drop down , and dart off . angle - missile this one go past the point of the previous explosion . it move in closer and closer . suddenly it hit the side of the ship . a huge explosion , rip off a part of the side of this immense ship . int . war room - same we see the explosion on the monitor . everyone in the room cheer . general grey you do it ! a direct hit ! ext . blue skie - american fighter - same the pilot be thrilled . president we be go in ! squadron leader , take point . the fighter break off into six group of five . one by one , each fighter drop a missile . we follow dozen of missile on they way to the space craft . angle - space craft the attacker Bay door open and dozen of alien attacker shoot out . spread wide . guide missile explode as they hit the City destroyer , damaging the outer hull . the attacker go after the american fighter . the six group split wide . a aerial dog fight ensue . ext . area 51 - refugee camp - same miguel search for Russell as the refugee run for the hangar . miguel Russell ! miguel get sweep up in the tide . as the last of they enter the hangar , two alien attacker arrive behind they , strafing the ground . the row of trailer home explode one after another . angle - elevator hallway - back of hangar constance usher the crowd into the elevator hallway . pack into the hallway together , they be panicked at the sound of the nearby explosion . as the last one be safely inside , constance turn back and sees ... constance's Pov - hangar and attacker the attacker FIRE and the front half of the hangar explode . constance be knocked back against the wall . she activate the elevator and the room begin to sink . as the hallway submerges , the entire hangar come crashing down behind they . int . war room - same over monitor the General observe the aerial battle . this room , too , rock from the explosion . the monitor flicker . int . steve and david' attacker - same Steve struggle with the control but be get no where . david get we out of here ! steve I can not shake she free . ext . steve and david' attacker - same though the attacker gun its engine , the clamp below hold tight . int . steve and david' attacker - same David move over to the computer to see if he can help . suddenly the large window slowly begin to drop down . steve what be you do ? david it 's not I . they be override the system . the blast shield continue to peel away . David and Steve drop down below the dash , hide from view . as the view become unobstructed we see ... Pov - through window - the landing several alien 's look across at we from the large bay window of the landing 's control tower . steve damn ! David lean from he hide position and sees several other alien attacker be move in on they . they be surround . david check and mate . int . area 51 - research facility - same like image from England during the blitzkrieg , the refugee be huddle on the floor , the light flickering and the mute sound of distant explosion . miguel move through the refugee , search for Russell . a yarmulke be unfold . as it be lift we realize moishe be put it on . he hold the hand with the people around he and begin to pray . nimziki move next to moishe . moishe take he hand . nimziki I be not jewish . moishe it 's okay . angle - philip and alicia as another bomb rock the room , alicia move closer to Philip . alicia this could be we last night on Earth . I do not want to die a virgin . philip if we do , we will both die virgin . but at last we will be together . alicia smile , a nice guy at last . ext . area 51 - space ship - same the City destroyer space ship be settling just above the compound as the american fighter circle it , chase by the attacker . below the schism begin to open ! int . war room - same in all the commotion , no one notice as miguel sneak inside . officer we be run out of missile , Sir . we be just not cause enough damage . ext . president's plane - same general grey ( filter ) they be get ready to fire the big gun . you be go to have to find a vulnerable spot , fast . president I have get a idea . keep them off my tail . take the advice , the President dive . he 's meet by two flanking fighter ( eagle 9 & 2 ) as they cruise the underbelly of the City destroyer . sure enough , the schism be open , prepare to fire the wall of destruction . president let 's take them out before they take we out . the President lock the schism hatchway into the center of he hud ( head up display ) . just as he fire , Eagle 9 be blown out of the sky . it rock the President , send he missile off target . off balance , the missile hit just wide of the hatchway and explode , rock the entire ship . president I be out of missile ! Eagle 2 ? eagle # 2 pilot I be on it . but before he can target , he fighter explode . int . hallway - same the light continue to flicker . jasmine grab onto Dylan and Patricia , hold they tight . int . war room - continuous on the monitor we see the schism , and bright light as several fighter fly past . general grey we be out of time . get out of there ! get as far away as you can . ext . president's fighter - same piss , the President refuse to give up . president do not anyone have any damned missile leave ?! russell ( o.s. ) sorry I be late , Mr. President . the President spin and sees darting out of the cloud ... russell's old bi- plane Russell zoom past the President and alien attacker , barely miss they FIRE . president ( filter ) who be that ? what be you do ? russell ( into mic ) it 's okay , sir. I be packin' . we see he have a large missile propped up in the seat behind he . a light on it flash armed . int . war room - same russell ( filter ) just keep that guy off I for a few more second . hear he voice , miguel be shocked . he move closer towards the monitor . ext . CITY destroyer - same the remain fighter lay down cover FIRE for Russell 's old bi-w . Russell head directly toward the schism . int . war room - same everyone be grip to the screen as we see it get closer and closer to the close bay door . miguel be aghast . russell ( filter ) do I one favor ... officer who be that guy ? miguel Russell ! miguel race over to the microphone , attempt to grab it . russell ( filter ) ... tell my child I love they very much . ext . CITY destroyer - schism - same Russell near the schism , a hail of alien firepower erupting around he . miguel ( filter ) dad ! no ! Russell smile at b be call " dad . " russell I have get to , kid . you be always better at take care of they than I be anyways . Russell turn off he radio as he bank upward towards the open schism . the climb be steep , and the bi-w nearly stall out . suddenly the bright light vanish and the beam begin to form . Russell 's bi-w just make it inside the OPEN schism and disappear from view . the President and remain fighter bank away , clear . suddenly , a gigantic explosion , rip through the CENTER of the space craft . it 's cause a chain reaction of explosion . teeter , the entire space ship , turn away out of control . int . war room - same the room erupt in cheer . everyone , that be , except miguel . ext . mountain range - same not far away from Area 51 , the enormous craft be burn from the center outward . suddenly it drop and collide with the mountain range , exploding on impact . int . war room - same intercepting the celebration , General grey move over to a radio technician . general grey let 's get on the wire . tell every squadron around the world how to shoot that fucker down . int . steve and david be alien attacker - same sitting below the dash , Steve take out the cigar , hand one to David . steve I guess there 's nothing leave to do . let 's nuke them . David realize they be both about to die . he stare at the cigar . david ( be : cigar ) funny , I always think thing like this would kill I . they share a quick sober laugh . steve Nice meeting you . david you as well . Steve light he cigar , then light David 's . steve ready ? ext . steve and david be alien attacker - same pop up from behind the dash , cigar in they mouth , Steve and David start wave " good - bye " like idiot . the alien in the tower do not know how to react . the attacker move in for the kill . int . steve and david' attacker - same steve think they know what 's come ? he reach down to the black box we see before and enter the launch code . david ( still wave ) not a chance in hell . ext . steve and david' attacker - same suddenly the missile erupt from behind the manifold and blast into the control tower , shatter the glass window . int . control room - continuous the missile smashes through the glass . the atmosphere impeach , the alien quickly succumb to the element , chock and die . the missile blast by wrecking equipment until it lodge into the back wall of the landing tower . a small counter on the missile begin to count down 30:00 , 29:00 , 28:00 ... ext . docking clamp - same rocked from the explosion , the docking clamp release and the ship jostle free . int . steve and david' attacker - same Steve grab the control . steve we be loose ! david do not matter . game 's over . steve I do not hear no fat lady . Steve throttles it . the craft jolt away . ext . docking station - same Steve and David 's attacker blast away , the other alien attacker follow in hot pursuit . the attacker FIRE . Steve swerve avoid the blast as they race for the exit . int . landing - control tower - same grasp for breath , a die alien look up at the wedge in nuclear missile . the counter read : 00:04 , 00:03 , 00:02 . we get the feel the alien know what 's come . int . docking BAY - same Steve and David 's attacker just reach the doorway as the center of the landing explode behind they . the enormous impact , rock some of the lag attacker off track . ext . mother ship - same Steve dart he attacker out from underneath the mother ship 's belly . a group of attacker follow . just as the last of they exit the docking bay , a huge fireball erupt behind they rip through the mother ship . angle - farther away zooming towards we , Steve guide he ship away . the alien attacker in hot pursuit . behind they we see the entire mother ship explode . the immense explosion grow outward come right at we . the attacker be gobble up as the explosion widen . quickly the explosion gain ground on Steve and David . angle - steve and david' ship like a loose board catch in the surf , Steve and David 's ship ride the edge of the explosion , get knock end over end . int . steve and david' attacker tumble ass over tea kettle , David and Steve be rocked in they seat . Steve battle to regain control of the ship . ext . steve and david' ship the mammoth fireball reach the outer edge of its zenith . Steve and David 's ship be spit out , tumble down towards earth . ext . area 51 - tarmac - same the fighter be return home . crowd race out of the ruin of the smolder compound to greet they , cheer they arrival . the president's plane the President be climb out as General grey rush to he aid . behind he , jasmine lead Dylan and Patricia , who break free and rush to she father . the President sweep she up in he arm as jasmine approach . jasmine ( to General grey ) any word from Steve ? behind she , constance rush over , the same thing on she mind . before he can answer they hear a roar above . they all become silent as they turn and look to the sky . angle - blue skie - fireball the fireball comet be rapidly shoot down towards we . suddenly bursting out of the flame , Steve and David 's ship dart down . just over the head of the cheer crowd , Steve and David 's ship zoom overhead , disappear out of sight . ext . dry lake - desert - minute later several army jeep race across the arid desert floor . as they whip past we see they be head towards a gigantic black plume of smoke in the distance . angle plume of smoke the jeeps skid to a halt . jasmine and constance be the first to leap off the jeeps . Steve and David walk towards we , cigar in they mouth . jasmine race over to he . jasmine you scared the hell out of I . steve yeah , but what a entrance ! jasmine dick-weed . steve butt-munch . constance come run up to David , hug he tightly . constance be you all right ? david do it work ? constance you bet it do . she hug he . they kiss . angle - steve and jasmine behind they Dylan , Patricia , the President and General grey come walk over . the President and General grey approach . president we be get report from all over . they ship be go down ! as they begin to celebrate , they look up to the sky . group Pov - brilliant light in the skie the debris from the mother ship explosion enter the atmosphere like thousand of shoot star . it 's a incredible sight . the group stare happily at the show in the sky . Steve take Dylan by the hand . steve do not I promise you firework ? everyone stare in wonder at the beautiful light . the end