by Amy Holden Jones revise 10/7/91 fade in : ext santa monica pier dawn a young man in a tuxedo lean on a railing at the far end of the pier , look out at the ocean . he 's unshaven and pale . he 's be up all night . this be david murphy . a CO ? stand at a distance watch David , curious . he cross . cop not think of jump I hope . David manage a smile . david it 's bad . but not that bad . cop just check . the cop be about to leave , then stop , ask . cop what be she name ? david diana . the cop nod sympathetically , walk off . move in on David as we hear .... david ( vo ) how can I forget she ? she be my one great love . diana ... it 's the name of a princess . the name of a song . the name of @ woman that.once. be ' * - spy to radi int taxi dawn diana murphy sit in the back seat of the taxi in a long formal evening gown . the wind ruffle she hair . she be startlingly beautiful . she look out at the dawn Los Angeles light with unsee eye . wet : ' david ( vo ) my wife . move in on diana as we hear ... david ( vo con not ) someone once say , if you want something very badly , set it free . if it come back to you , it 's yours forever . if it do not , it be never yours to begin with . diana ( vo ) there 's no doubt in my mind about one thing . I be David 's to begin with . and he be mine . dissolve to : int car day memory the light be over bright , the motion slowed and dream-like . David , barely seventeen , drive a old klunker of a ear . beside he in the front seat be a teenage girl . in the back seat be diana . diana ( vo ) we fall in love in high school . David be a-senior and I be a freshman . on Wednesday 's after g qiee club he no drive I and my best friend home frem school . I use to watch he in the rear view mirror . ( they eye connect in the mirror ) I fall in love with he eye . ext david' childhood home glendale day a modest little stucco box in the valley . David 's parent stand with digna wave to David as he pull out , he cer pack to the gill . diana ( vo ) when David go away to college ;: we both feel we should see other people . ext diana 's childhood home van nur night aos sont ee hag diana kiss a beefy football player , bubba . David , wild with jealousy , watch from he car park at the curb . he jump out , cross and pull the two apart , slug the football player . diana scream as the two boy fight . diana ( vo ) that do not work out . int diana' childhood room afternoon David and diana make wild , teenage love on she chenile bedspread . diana ( vo ) David drive four hundred mile every weekend to be witn I . we could not be apart . the action 's so heat that the bed frame break . ext santa monica pier sunset David and diana ride in a booth on the merry go round as the sun set . the world be a blurr behind they . all they see be each other . David take she hand , turn it palm up and kiss it , then slip a engagement ring on she finger . diana ( vo ) when I be nineteen David propose to I on the merry go round at the Santa monica pier . diana close she eye as if to remember this moment forever , lift she finger to touch David 's lip . suddenly they be in each other 's arm . they hold on tight as the merry go round go around and around . dissolve to : int las vega wedding chapel night David and diana , bride and groom , kiss in a chapel of love . the camera move around and around they , mimick the circle of the merry go round . david ( vo ) we run awey to Las Vegas to get marry . and for the next seven year we be as happy as two people could be . poe erty int david ‘s den venice canal dawn the house be modest and small , but have charm . Book shelf be line with book on architecture and odd sample of 4 building material : granite , linoleum , brick . the furniture be use or hand make by davic . David , in pajama bottom , have be up all night . he work at he draw table on a model of a house . I 's perfect in every detail . we note a distinctive row of two -story arched window . . david ( vo ) diana put I through architecture school sell real estate . diana come in quietly , wear one of David 's shirt , put a cup of het coffee at David 's elbow and kiss he neck . she slip she arm around he and he smile . he continue work . she lean she head on he shoulder and watch . int architectural firm day David hold he model with the two story arched window as he wait for a job interview . five other young men and one woman be also wait . they all have model too , and they all look dagger at each other and David . david ( vo ) but when I graduate the recession hit and work be hard to find . int melrose empty storefront day David tour the unpromising hole in the wall site with he lawyer jeremy , and a woman chef . david ( vo ) so I do what I could , mostly small job that I get through friend . match dissolve to : int melrose restaurant day in mid construction . davidrsupervise as we see the restaurant take shape the wall be be tear down , light shine from new skylight . + david ( vo ) n a restaurant I design work out well and win some award . match dissolve to : int melrose restaurant day the storefront have be transformed into a tiny but stylish cafe . it 's pack . David come in and the woman chef greet he happily , sit he down by a plate glass window and call for some food . david ( vo ) but for a while all I get out of it be a occasional free lunch . until one day .... a stockbroker seat at a far table rise and approach David . offer he hand and they talk . david ( vo ) I get my big break . ext brentwood site day a large , modern two story house be under construction in a nice section of brentwood . we recognize immediately the row of two -story arched window . a sign out front announce that the house be design by David Murphy . David show the stockbroker around , point out lovely architectural detail . they both lock pleased . david ( vo ) a rich stockbroker hire I to design he a showplace . there be no limit on the budget , mo restriction on the design . construction be go beautifully .... two police car pull up and several officer come out . one of they hold a warrant in he hand . david ( vo ) until he be indicted ..... match dissolve to : the same construction site ... month later now crumble , rotting , and overrun with : weed .:. a chain : link fence surround the property . the arched window be board up . David 's sign be crack and break in the yard . david ( vo ) thing get tougher after that . ext ocean park day diana put up a open house sign in front of a little bungalow . there be many for sale sign already on the street . diana ( vo ) the real estate market dry up . my income fall to zero . int canal house night David and diana go over the monthly bill together . suddenly she look up . she 's cry . diana David , I be scared . we have no money . what be we go to do ? david I ' 1l1 get some money . diana how ? david i’1l get a job , any job . I will drive a cab . 1/11 rob a bank . i‘1l do whatever I have to do . I be go to take care of you . he come over and sit beside she . she continue to cry . he take she hand , speak simply . eel ys devid bearer I have always want to give you thing . you have do ali the give . I have let you down . diana darling ...no ... you have not let 'me down . never ..- she wipe she tear with the back of she hand . David pull a handkerchief from he pocket , hold it over she nose as if she be a child . '' MI david blow . she blow . they both smile . he take back the handkerchief , touch she hair and she take he hanc . diana have I ever tell you I love you ? david no . this be a old routine with they . diana I do . david still ? diana always . she turn she face up to he and they kiss , hold on to each other tight . int david ‘s father 's house day David talk to a little old man on a wear sofa . his father . david ( vo ) and that 's how it start . I borrow five thousand dollar from my father to tide we over . that be not easy . dad 's on a fix income and he do not have much to spare . then I look for a job in construction . but in the mean time , diana find what we think be the answer . — aee , ext santa monica hill day : - ws diana show David a huge empty lot on a hill look down to marina Del rey and the water . diana : ( vo ) ee it be a incredible piece of land , a great investment opportunity . only one problem . we have nothing to invest . diana ( excited ) it 's way below market . a steal . if we could only buy it , and develop the property . we could build a house , one that you design . you have have a chance to prove what you can do and we could turn it over and clear maybe a hundred , two hundred thousand . david ( stunne ) be you sure ? diana positive . david but we have nothing . not even a down payment . diana we will get a loan . david how ? we have no collateral . diana Jeremy . david Jeremy ? diana he 's a entertainment lawyer . he know all about get money for nothing . ... lek be ext santa monica lot night David , diana and jeremy look out at the property . Jeremy be they age , but much more successful and expensively over - the view be even more spectacular at night . jeremy how much have you get to put down ? david ( uncomfortable ) nothing . Jeremy snort diana be we kid ourselves ? in disbelief . jeremy Jesus . diana ( defensive ) people buy property witn no down all the time . jeremy you be not just buy . you nre building . the market 's depressed . bank be fail right and leave . Real estate loan be tight . ( the David ) you have no money at all ? david Zero . jeremy no asset ? david none . jeremy how old be you ? david thanks for the compassion , buddy . sor ue : jeremy thank God I go to law school . i . david '' the land 's a steal , Jeremy . jeremy oh yeah . I no buy it myself if I be not in the middle of a remodel . david what should we do ? jeremy get any rich relative ? david no. jeremy then you be fuck . david there 's no way ? jeremy you need a down payment . david I have five thousand that I borrow from my father . we need it the pay the bill but - jeremy five thousand will not screw the pooch . no way . beg , steal or berrow fifty thousand er my hand be tie . int diana and david 's bedroom night silence except for the drip of a leaky faucet in the kitchen . David tess and turn . so dee diana . diana suddenly sit up , turn on the light . diana I have get it . lottery ticket . we will buy five thousand lottery ticket . be : 4 p sdavidr we be not blow dad 's money on lottery ticket . diana leek crestfallen , turn off the light , lie back down . after a long moment .... poor or david : - ; we want better odd than that . diana be you think what I be think ? david we honeymoon . diana Las Vegas . david be this insane ? diana totally . ext las vega night track down the main drag . gradually we pan down to see diana and David 's Toyota head into town . david ( vo ) when we be marry in Vegas , we gamble . we be careful , mostly play black jack and erap . we go in with a hundred dellar and come away with a thousand . if a hundred can be make into a thousand , five thousand can be make into fifty thousand . or so we figure . diana point to the facade of they hotel . the Arabian Night . it 's outrageous and trashy : laurence of Arabia meet liberace . int arabian night HOTEL room night diana turn on a camel shape lamp , throw herself on the faux fur water bed . it wiggle . they both laugh . ; diana ( vo ) we know go in that it be irresponsible and wild . but ' we would never be irresponsible ' and wild . it feel good . — int akabian night casino day one of the large casino floor in North americe . hive of activity . gleaming , silly and exciting . close on the tumblers turn . a bee diana stand before the cheapest slot machine , one of a seemingly endless line . she 's feed in nickle . on either side of she be old lacie with plastic bucket and gambler 's visor . David appear at diana 's side with chip , energize . diana this be stupid . I have already lose ten dollar . david slot be a sucker 's game . come on . they walk through the floor pass a raised , roped off area where the table be fancier , the player look like they have be pull from the society page , and the dealer , even the pit boss wear tux . , . diana what 's that ? david that 's for high roller only . the table have thousand dollar mimimum . diana High roller get they own table ? david High roller get limo , they own hostess to bring drink , somplimentary room on they own private floor . all we need be a fat balance in we casino account and we can have all that too . diana then we could play up there and lose everything in ten minute . | ere ure gayk one we he david we be not go to lose . we be go to win . they move on and approach the nearby black jack table . David pull out a chair for diana . diana David , this be make I nervous . remember when we play strip poker in high school ? I always lose . ut david ( smile ) I remember . it be the high point of my adolescence . here 's forty buck in chip . keep you clothes on . by the crap table .... David approach , roam the floor look for he spot . he pass table that be cold , where the action 's slow or the shooter amateurish . a crowd have form up ahead . David check it out . a young man in a army uniform be the shooter . he ' 's make number and make point . it 's a beautiful shoot . the chip in front of he grow . David immediately feel the heat , step forward and bet a single twenty five dollar chip on pass . the shooter make he number . David 's money double . David let it ride , start place twenty five dollar side bet . at a black jack table diana 's stack of chip have dwindle to two . she study she card . the player beside she , a man on the make look at she card . two eights . the dealer have a ten show . man on the make you should always split eight and I love you perfume . diana I know how to play and fuck off . diana do not know how to play , do not split the eight . and indicate she want a hit . she get a nine . the dealer sweep she chip away . she rise . int lobby night ) soni ge orem ar _ diana come out of the casino floor , wander . she look at a jewelry store .... Inside a older portly man drape jewel on he wife , a expensive young woman . int dress store day diana stand in front of a mirror hold up a beautiful red dress . she turn this way and that , admire herself , induge in a fantasy . a shopgirl pass . shopgirl beautiful dress . diana but I can not believe the price . the shopgirl smile and go to help another customer . diana look at herself one last time in the mirror , then sudden see ..... a man in the doorway behind she , watch she . he 's in he early forty , dress in a expensive but discrete business suit . on he wrist be a gold rolex . his eye meet diana 's . he seem bemuse . perhaps harmless . man Nice dress . diana yes . man try it on . it suit you . diana I can not afford it . man that 's too bad . diana turn to go . the man step easily into she path . man I think you should have the dress . let I buy it for you . a long moment . diana 's eye go cool and hard . otr bpe _ diana you want to buy it for I ? ! ok yes. diana cate vwryr 2 celular : reed ' man I enjoy watch you . you have earn it . diana no I have not earn it . and I have no intention of earning it . you have make a mistake . the dress be fer sale . I be not . she put the dress down and walk off . the man be not the least bit put off by the rebuff . he seem more intrigue than ever . int HOTEL lobby same diana move through the crowded lobby , head back to the casino . she glance over she shoulder to make sure the man be not follow she . " diana ( vo ) it be no big deal . a encounter with a rich asshole . the kind of thing that happen all the time in Las Vegas . I be not exactly sure why I do not tell David . int casino floor night diana wend she way back to David at the crap table . as she approach she see that David be at the center of a crowd . he 's the shooter and he concentration be enormous . in front of they be a huge pile of chip . diana break into a grin . '' ; diana oh my God ! David pass diana the dice . . + . david kiss they . she do it , hand the dice back to David . he toss they and they make the point . the onlooker cheer . they bet double . the dice come back and diana grab they . she kiss the dice , roll they herself this time . they make another pass . David laugh . david have I ever tell - you I love you ? diana no. david I do . diana still ? david always . David take diana in he arm and as he hold she she see something over he shoulder . her Pov .... the man diana just see in the dress store be step up and enter the high roller area . his eye connect with diana 's . this be JOHN gage . diana meet the look with defiance , do not turn away . cu JOHN gage ..... the coupier call for he bet . he do not hear . he 's eye be fix across the room . cu diana .... as she turn away from gage , lift the dice for David , now in slow motion . she kiss they , toss they ever she shoulder and laugh . they win again . David take diana in he arm . cross dissolve to JOHN gage .... he face superimpose over diana and David as he watch they until we dissolve to : int diana and david ‘s casino HOTEL room night diana and David have spread the money out on the bed . she be lie on top if it , roll in it , drop bill through she finger so they fleat over she . David 's add figure tad tek on a ' piece ' of * papeér . ' '' he luck up 8 USS SE see david twenty - three thousand ! diana twenty - three thousand ! in less than a hour ! we be half way there . she pull he down to she , kiss he , roll in the money . she stuff bill into he shirt . into he pants . kiss he ear , he eye , he neck . they begin to undress each other , the heat of the money , the luck , they youth , ignite . 17 dissolve to : int arabian night HOTEL room later diana sleep peacefully . David be awake . he reach under the mattress and pull out a envelope with the money . he count it again . we begin to hear the roll of the roulette wheel , the call of bet as we cut to : int casino roulette wheel day the action 's supercharged . voice call out number . stack of chip move back and forth . David and diana be catch up in the excitement . the ball be launch , go around and around . it slow and pop in one spot , land in another . on david and diana ... . disappointment . ext las vega HOTEL pool day David put suntan oil on diana . diana we could quit now . david yes . diana we still have twenty thousand . that 's enough to pay back you father , take care of we bill and still have a nice cushion . David say nothing , continue apply the lotion . diana turn over . they be both get turn on . he lean down and kiss she . int casino floor night diana play black jack .... a vietnamese couple beside she be argue in vietnamese . diana have only four or five chip leave . she finger they , look up to David who stand behind she chair . they both look draw . together they exit . : shine have ee fab grye test int casino coffee shop night the mood be considerably different than the previous night . diana stir she coffee . David add some figure on a paper . david we have lose we limit . we say we would not go below five thousand . diana nod . David put away the paper as the waitress bring the change from they bill . a couple of buck and a quarter . diana pick up the quarter . diana tail we quit now . head we go for break . David nod he agreement . she flip the quarter . tail . they both look at it , then David reach for the quarter . david two out of three . they flip again . int casino night it 's very late . a grey haze of cigarette smoke shroud the room . sound be muffle . diana be at the crap table alone . her last chip be sweep away . she step back , wend she way across the room . her footstep be muffle in the thick carpet as she approach david play blackjack , all alone at a table . a small stack of chip be in front of he . diana stop beside he . he can not bear to look at she . diana I be bust . david I too . toe ke th gh , ttl a ete GM et. dae tl davia rise from the table . diana and dawid slip they im around each other and head out . int elevator night diana and David ride up in silence . two identical twin hookers be in the elevator with a old man . the elevator stop . diana and David get off . .:: the adthe int HOTEL room night David and diana enter . she sit on the water bed . it move . no one laugh . david ( vo ) when you look back on the past , know that you do something so desperately wrong , you replay it again and again in you head , try to make it come out differently . int casino lobby morning David and diana walk out . he carry they small suitcase . they pass the dress store . the red dress be in the window . diana glance at it as they pass . david ( vo ) I have replay this moment a hundred time . at the check out desk morning diana wear sunglass to hide the fact that she 's be ery . the cashier take David 's credit card . by the roll royce they walk by as new arrival buy ticket for the raffle . david ( vo ) if only we would keep walk . they stop . diana pull the last five dollar bill from she pocketbook . diana what do you say we buy one last token for the five dollar slot ? if we lose , we lose five dollar . if ‘we win '' we can 's ofif '' leave Las Vegas rich . * david ( vo ) if only I have say no . David look at she , nod a yes . int casino - day «© : 4 : veber fen Su can cas : ba teo} praed . sissy as a together , diana and David re-enter . they buy a single five gollar token . diana hold out the token to David . he shake he head no . 20 david no , you deo it . my luck 's go . diana move to the five dollar slot . she go down row after row of the machine , pass old woman , teenage black , criental . finally she pick she machine , put in the token , pull the handle . the tumbler turn . on david ..... he stand by the high roller area , wait and watch . after what seem like a long , breathless moment . a 100,000 dollar jackpot sign goe off ! slowly David walk forward until the win machine be almost in sight . the crowd block he view . he push he way in until he see .. a middle CLASS black woman ...... she 's laugh and ery at the same time . diana appear at David 's elbow , take David 's hand . without another word they head out , pass the high roller area . a crowd have gather . everyone be watch the action at the black jack table . david ( vo ) if only .... if only .... keep go . . just keep go . they stop and leck the see what 's go on . JOHN gage command the table . he quietly take card , signal when he will stay or hit with the movement of a pinky . diana stand immobile , watch . diana who be that man ? a day tripper in polyester lean over to answer . e peat van gt '' Day '' pr pper 's ee oe that 's John gage . he own the’ summit hotel . two cable channel , a airline . he 's a billionaire . ( beat ) he 's down over a million dollar . diana teacts to this , information with shock . gage be _. completely 's unruffled by he logse . someone next to he make a comment and he smile , as unconcern as if he be play for matchstick . his eye flick up for a moment to see 21 diana . the tiniest moment and he leok back to the table . diana he 's play with gold chip . I do not know there be such a thing . day tripper each one be ten thousand dollar . they watch as gage bet five gold chip . fifty thousand dollar . just like that . he get he card and win he hand . the five gold chip come back to he double . on diana and david .... they exchange a look of mutual hopelessness . david let 's go . then suddenly , it happen . gage look up , raise he hand and gesture to David . David stop , unsure of what he see . gage gesture to he again . David look behind he to see if maybe the Queen of England 's back there . gage you . gage be look right at he . David point to himself , feel vaguely ridiculous . david I ? gage come over , speak from behind the golden rope . gage would you do I the great favor of loaning I you wife ? David be flatter deepite himself . he turn to diana , who flush . . diana I do not understand . david he want you with he while he gamble , for luck . 22 diana look from gage to David , uneasy . she know this be more complicated than it appear . diana no David . david it will be fun . go on . a hostess open a gate in the rope and diana reluctantly step up and inte a different world . the rope latch close with a click behind she . everyone be watch she . gage pull back the chair next to he for diana . she sit . he look at she . she do not look at he . gage turn once more to David , smile , acknowledge the favor , then without a scintilla of emotion he bet all of he remain chip . the dealer deal he two card . gage look at they and turn they over . Black Jack . a appreciative murmur from the crowd , which be grow larger . diana glance up to David and they eye meet in mutual wonder . David smile , curiously proud of diana . but then gage turn to diana , ' take she attention . gage I have be lose all day . you appear and I win my first hand . you bring I luck . diana I would not count on that . gage I already have . he turn to the dealer , push . he , new stack . of chip back at he . gage one . the dealer freeze , look as if he may not have hear correctly . then he gather the chip and make a quick nod . dealer we pleasure sir . it will take a@ moment . 23 ad gage ( to diana ) I hope you will stay a bit . this should be interesting . gage study diana appreciatively . the look make diana uncomfortable . she turn again to David . gage shift in he chair and position himself to block they eye line . gage would you like something to drink ? diana no thank you . ( after a moment ) a pepsi please . a small gesture from gage and the drink appear instantly beside diana . gage this take time . diana what do ? gage this . '' this '' arrive . a paper slip the size of a receipt . written on it be the word one million . diana stare . diana dollar ? gage nod easily . totally non-challant . gage 's ake do you like card ? diana - ocome out as a whisper ) not particularly . he rise and pull out diana 's chair . they move to the crap table . the crowd , 's biizz with 's excitement , follow . everybody be elbow éveryone 'else . david try to push he way to the front for a better look . on diana and gage at the table . the dice be pass to gage and he place he bet , the white square , a million dollar . then he give the dice to diana . gage please . kiss they . diana hesitates a moment , startle . there 's no mistake the sexual innuendo . diana lift the dice and quickly kiss they for gage , just as she do for David . she then hand the dice back to gage . gage take the dice , look directly into diana 's eye as he , too , kiss they . on david ...- he face clouding . what the hell be go on ? at the table ....- right bet fly down all around the table . gage roll . Seven . a cheer go up . gage 's million double . the dice come back and gage hold they out to diana . he want she to kiss they again . she step back , shake she head , firm . diana no . gage you think I should quit now ? diana I think I should . gage drop the dice without hesitation and a disappointed moan come from the crowd . the pit boss visibly relax . gage toss a white chip across the feel to diana . gage I no like a chance to express my gratitude to you and you husband . he turn to David who stand alone , wait . diana move immediately to David 's 's sideand take he arm , positioning herself beside he . gage smile easily and extend he hand to David . gage John gage . david David - Murphy - : my wife ; diana . , gage that be very generous of you , David . 25 David shake gage 's hand , loosen as he feel the warmzh of gage 's charm , david no problem . gage I have like to return the favor . you room will be comp if you stay another night . before David can answer gage make the slight move and two body guard appear around he . the crowd part as he walk off . int casino HOTEL room day diana and David enter , close the door behind they . David toss down they bag and they turn to each other , astonished . then they start to laugh . he pick she up in he arm and swing she around . david you win a million dollar ! diana he win a million , David . david you win it fer he . and he give you a thousand . he put diana down and she get out the chip . diana must be like a nickle to he . a hundred thousand would have be fairer . ' ten percent . '- he circle she with he arm , bury he nose in she hair . they start to kiss . and kiss . a knock at the door . diana do not get it . the knock come again , insistent . finally David go to answer it . a bellboy stand hold the : red dress . bellboy David Murphy ? david yes . bellboy compliment of Mr. gage . David dig for a tip . the bellboy refuse it . bellboy I get it om the other end . he exit . David look at the dress . attach be a card . he pull it off . david he want we to come to a private party tonight at nine o'clock . diana take the dress and hold it up . she look it , and then at herself in the mirror . hold on diana ... as we dissolve to : int high roller penthouse night the main room wrap around two side of the building . plate glass window look out over huge sparkling night vista . live music . the singer be someone hip and recognizable . a huge buffet table and open bar . everyone 's in formal wear . it 's a astonish sight . on diana and david .... as they enter . she 's stunningly beautiful in the red dress . they hold hand and look around they , feel like visitor to the emerald City . David lead diana onto the dance floor and they begin to slow dance . the song be a move . and evocative old standby , '' the nearness of you " . close on diana and , david , fuse together , as if alone in the crowd . they movement be sexual and intimate , as if act out the lyry of the song . diana put she head on David 's shoulder . they body language speak volume . across the room stand JOHN gage ...... alone , watch as if hypnotize . he Pov ... David 's strong arm wrap around diana . his hand rest possessively in the small of she back . he bury he nose in she hair and say something . she laugh . and still they keep move . never miss a beat . then ... cu diana ..... she look up and see gage . they eye meet and hold for a moment , then diana turn she face up to David and kiss he . it 's a long , deep , sexual kiss . on gage ...... watch it all , rivete . dissolve to : same later ... at one of the table ... diana sit between David and gage in a quiet corner . gage have be draw David out . david get my degree at Stanford ... Architecture scheol at usc . gage you have you own office ? david actually I '' sort of between - diana ( quickly ) David 's incredibly talented . a restaurant he design win a american Institute of Architecture award this year . gage what be you work on now ? david te. we . ~ diana ( jump in ) we be develop a property together . I find some land in Santa monica . gage : what kind of land ? == david it 's two acre on a street eall Alta vista . the school board own it . diana first time on the market . gage so you buy it and - diana not yet . we be ... david '' put together a group of investor . gage why do you need investor ? david it 's a ambitious project . to do it right will be expensive . gage talk to the bank . sell you idea . david I do not think it would fly . we have no collateral and - gage of course you have collateral . you collateral be you talent . sell they on that . you be you own best asset . I sell myself all the time . why do you think I be here ? david to gamble . gage no . I be sell myself . when I gambléeatoday , it do n‘r - x matter whether I win or lose . just so I win or lose big . david I do not understand . gage this casino be in big trouble . they clear half a million a day and still lose money . I could turn that around . today I send a message to the owner . if the Arabian Night be look for a buyer , I can afford it . diana and David exchange a look . incredible . int pool room high roller penthouse night David and gage shoot pool at a huge mahogony table as diana leek on . the party can be see wind down beyond . david tell I something if you do not mind my ask . you have make you first billion . what more could you want ? gage ( make he shot ) my second . david you be not satisfied ? gage who be ? diana I be . gage ( tosdavidpoe ati she mean it ? will : 7 c david yes. -° swe '' gage then you may not have win in Vegas , but you be a lucky man . ws *. 4 J mbave money .!! ichave : geetrity . , 6 .2°5 0 ° 5 I have a hundred business . {he look at diana ) but you have something that I do not have . 30 . david there be limit to what money can buy . gage not many . diana ( point ) some thing be not for sale . gage such as ? diana you can not buy people . gage that 's naive , diana . people be one of the easiest thing you can buy . diana in business maybe . not for leve . gage what be you say ? you can not buy leve ? bit of a cliche , do not you think ? diana it 's true . gage be it ? ( to David ) what do you think ? david I agree with diana . gage you do . okay . then let 's test the cliche . suppose , I be to offer you a million - dollar for one night with you wife . David be take aback a moment . diana freeze . 3 david you be kid . gage let 's pretend I be not . what would you say ? diana he have tell you to go to hell . gage I do not hear he . there 's a heartbeat of silence before David answer . then .. david I would tell you to go to hell . gage that 's a reflex answer because you view it as a hypothetical . say there be real money behind it . I be not kid . a million dollar . the night would come and go . the money would last a lifetime . david ( uneasy ) what be you talk about ? gage just make a point . what money can and can not buy . think about it . a million dollar . a lifetime of security . for just one night . do not answer right away . consider it seriously . gage look ' directly at diana and a moment of electric silence hit the room . David 's face harden . david we be positive , okay ? gage . , ( smile easily ) ... then you have answer my question and prove you point . there 's a limit to what money can buy . 32 he turn to diana . gage it 's late and I have to leave . May I have one dance ? {to David ) with you permission . David nod , but reluctantly . gage and diana move back into the main room , take the floor . David follow . on david ... as he stand alone , in the doorway to the pool room , watch . he Pov .... of he wife in the arm of this unusual man . dissolve to : int elevator night diana and David ride down in silence . then they look at eachother . diana David ..... he mean it . david I know . diana he proposition I . david he proposition both of we . they look at each other . a moment of sober silence then .... diana at least we know what I be worth . david , .. a million dollar . you be we biggest asset . _ , diana by far . both of they start to laugh . int HOTEL room night diana and David enter , still laugh . diana it 's a great offer you have to admit . david step it . diana a million dellar for my body . we should check the Guinness Book of World record . david you think it 's the top price ever ? diana maybe . be you impressed ? david I be impressed . they start to undress . then diana glance at he , speak again , easually . diana honey ? david what ? diana when he ask if you have go for it I think , just for a second , ' that you hesitate . .- wy opt ses myo david I do not hesitate . diana you sure ? '' david ' «= " of course 'i *m ' sure . I no never consider do something like that . would you ? diana ( teasing ) I ask first . david then no . I would not consider it . it 's out of the question . silence . a air of uncertainly hang in the room and they both feel it . int HOTEL room night David and diana lie in the darkness . both be awake , the wheel turn . diana can not sleep ? david no . diana I neither . she put she arm around he , wait . diana I keep think about it . it 's so .... incredible . david yes . a long moment and she touch he face . she look directly into he eye . finally .... evenly .... ' '' David . '' T ' think you want I to do it . : * david that 's ridiculous . diana it 's okay . - we will just talk about it .» + david I do not want you to do it . 35 diana ( quiet ) but you no let I do it . after a long moment . david it 's not my decision . it 's you decision . it 's you body . diana my decision ? david that 's right . diana close she eye a moment , then open they . diana okay . then ... I think ... maybe we should do it . david I can not believe we nre even discuss it . diana I can do it , David . I can do it for you . david for I ? diana for we . think what the money could do for we . for we future . and it would not mean anything after all , it 's just my 's body . my heart . not my mind . * david it 's that simple ? diana maybe . David sit up and think . . , diana - watch he , wait for he reaction . david what be you say ? exactly . 36 . diana I be say that we can make a big deal out of this , walk away and feel principle or we can look at it as a simple business transaction and - david get rich . diana yes . david you really want to discuss it . diana yes , I want to put we emotion aside for a minute and discuss it . david can you do that ? diana yes . after a long moment ..... david all right then . so can i. diana we both sleep with other people before we be marry . david yes . diana '' so we would just pretend like this . be before . I sleep with bubba aruzio for god 's sake . if I can sleep with bubba I can sleep with anyone . david ( shocked ) you sleep with bubba ? diana oh come on . you know I sleep with bubba . 37 david I do not ! when do you sleep with bubba ?! diana when you go to college and date that slut olivia daigle . david she be not a slut . diana yes she be . david no she be not . ( beat ) unfortunately . they both start to laugh . diana see ? we can laugh about this . we be adult . we just will not let ourselves get emotional . david easy to say now . but after .... diana we will forget it ever happen . and we will never discuss it . not even once . we will act as if nothing happen . because nothing will have happen . nothing that mean anything . com Lee gwar trade ice j davia ' be still a long moment . '' hen suddenly , unexpectedly , he nod . diana look surprised . she do not expect he to agree so easily . diana be you say you be okay with it ? david yes . I think so . be you okay with it ? diana yes . 38 david you be positive ? she nod and he take she in he arm . david God you be incredible . I can not believe this . God I love you . David kiss she . but now , suddenly she 's frighten . it 's real . he continue to kiss she . and as he kiss she , gradually the fear fade . and something else , something powerful , take its place . diana wait .... diana pull away , look at David ..... she reach out a hand and trace David 's mouth with one finger . she whisper . diana if I be worth a million , how much for one finger ? ten thousand ? he take she hand and pull it to he mouth , kiss all she finger one by one . she whisper .... diana twenty ..... thirty ..... forty ... fifty ... she lean she body over he . give he she shoulder . diana sixty . his mouth move down she shoulder to the nape of she neck , she breast . suddenly they all over each other . david ( vo ) se you be think , what a fool . he walk into a mine field with he eye wide open . how could he heve be so stupid ? I ' 11 tell you how . it happen because I be arrogant . I think nothing could change the way we feel about each other . I think we be invincible . dissolve to : 35 int jeremy' office morning Jeremy be take a meeting with two twenty - three year old guy . they be fresh face '' young screenwriter " , right out of usc by way of Harvard . jeremy so you first script sell for five hundred thousand . 1st screenwriter we want two million . we lawyer negotiate for we and he cave . 2nd screenwriter we can not let that happen again . we want someone savvy , someone tough . 1st screenwriter someone to walk over they grandmother for we . the intercom buzy . intercom vo Mr. greenwald , a David Murphy want to speak with you . he say that it 's urgent . jeremy put it on the speaker . ( to the screenwriter ) I be sorry . this be a old college buddy of mine . it will only take a second . Jeremy remain on the sofa as David 's voice come over the box . david ( vo ) Jeremy ? jeremy I be in the middle of a meeting , David . what 's up ? int casino HOTEL room day David sit on the bed with the phone . diana 's in the 40 bathroom put on she make up . David 's glance david we need you to close a deal for we . jeremy ( vo ) what kind of a deal ? david a big deal . a very big deal . jeremy ( vo ) go on . david we be at the Arabian Night in Las Vegas . we meet John gage . you know whe he be ? jeremy ( vo ) of course I know who he be . he 's a billionaire and a major poon hound . he use to fuck one of my client . david ( take aback ) he use to fuck one of you client ? jeremy ( vo ) yeeh . monica danton . the french sex bomb . he 's have half of Hollywood . go on . at diana in the bathroom , swallow . david he offer to pay we a million dollar , Jeremy . jeremy ( vo ) amillion dollar ? for what ? = you kidney ? os woe david fer one night with diana . a ) on jeremy in he office ..... the screenwriter , who can hear every word of this , watch Jeremy with interest . jeremy one night , you mean like - david ( vo ) yes . Jeremy turn to the screenwriter . jeremy Excuse I . he rise and go to he desk , take off the speaker as he pick up the receiver . jeremy let I get this straight . you get a offer of a million @ollar for one night with diana ? david ( vo ) yes . jeremy and you agree to it ? david [ vvo ) yes . Jeremy sink down at he desk , fer a moment , speechless . Pat heb be : seremy I do not believe it . I be shocked . no , I be not shocked . I be horrify ! I do not know what to say . how could you do it , David ? Jeremy pound the desk with he fist . . jeremy .( co not ) , how could you negotiate : without I !? david ( vo ) what ? 42 jeremy never negotiate without you lawyer ! never ! for a woman like diana I could have get you at least two million . david ( vo ) it 's a little late for that now , Jeremy . we have a deal . I just think we need something in write . jeremy obviously . you do not want to be screw and then screw ! the screenwriters both rise . Jeremy cover the mouthpiece with he hand . jeremy leok I be sorry . this be a situation . I be into major damage control . stay .... please screenwriter 1 it 's all right . we have hear enough . screenwriter 2 you be hire . they exit . jeremy okay ... David ... befere we go any further , let 's get the moral issue out of the way . : david ( vo ) leave that to we . awe 4 - ! ete jeremy I be refering to my fee . I get five percent . 43 david ( vo ) five percent ?! be you insane ? fer ene lousy phone call ? jeremy that 's the skinny . take it or leave it . david ( vo ) we go to college together ! you be best man at my wedding . how can you do this to I ? have you no shame ? jeremy oh , right ! a man who 's sell he wife try to make I to feel guilty ! david ( vo ) one percent . jeremy two . take it or leave it . david ( vo ) I all take it . jeremy what 's you fax number there ? i’1l get something to you immediately . int penthouse day the huge room séem ' cavernous - now that 's the only ' people - in it be diana , David and John gage . gage be read over the contract . David and diana exchange a look , nervous . 1 gage could you elaborate a bit on the verification clause ? he . eat aoe '' aoe you rt david ( color ) oh . that 's just ...... it say .... that if the relationship be not .... consumate ...uh.. JOHN you mean if I be impotenc I still have to pay . david nback off , embarrassed ) look , this be not write in stone or anything . JOHN {small smile ) no no . it 's fine . I do not have a problem with that . | he sign the paper and hand it back to David . gage a million dollar will be deposit in you name in the casino bank when the deal ' 's consumate . David and diana exchange a look , nod agreement . gage rise . gage so ..... david so ... gage you can go now . they beth turn to go . gage take ' diana 's arm . gage not you . David look at diana . gage be hold she arm . panic hit both they face at the same moment . David freeze . he 's stare at gage 's hand touch he wife . gage ( £irm ) I say , you can go , David . 45 David still do not move . diana neds to David indicate he should leave and in a moment he find himself outside the door . ext penthouse hallway day the door close behind David . silence . David stand st absorb what he 's do . he look down at the contract in he hand . the contract tremble . low voice be hear from within . David listen , can not make it out . then ... four huge hand clamp onto he jacket . he be turn around to face gage 's two massive bodyguard , jake and mo , ex - wrestler . : mo should not listen at keyhole , mister , that 's call ... jake invasion of privacy . david my wife 's in there . he shrug off they hand . Jack and Mo exchange a look . will you leave you wife with John gage ? jake you leok for grounds for divorce or what ? no , I ... - they back David towards the elevator . cre mo I be sure it will be fine . do not worry . about you wife . . she 's - jake '' bound to enjoy herself . they laugh uproariously . Mo and Jake have a way of finish each other 's sentence . they put David into the 46 elevator and the door close . go down ..... int elevator day David break into a sweat . see himself in the mirror , close he eye . int gagen penthouse day diana stand freeze , look at John gage . gage it 's allright you know . I do not bite . diana glad to hear it . gage smile and turn away and gather some paperwork . diana ( edgy ) so ... what now ? you want I to ..... undress of .... gage I do not think that would be a good idea , under the circumstance . on diana as we CUT to : ext vega day wie a helicopter whoosh into the air , leave the casino heliport . Inside we can see gage and diana . int vega " car to the star " dealership day David pace more than roam the showroom , lock at lambourginis , farraris , Silver shadows . he seem up . a little too up . a salesman approach . salesman May I help you ? < 7 david you have any literature on the 850i ? ext las vega street day David drive the BMW fast with the salesman explain it 's feature beside he . david ( vo ) I spend : all that day try the distract myself . I think about the money and what we could buy together . I try not to think about diana . int casino HOTEL room afternoon David sit on the bed , surround by car literature . but he 's look at any of it . he stare off at nothing . david ( v0 ) how soft she skin be . how she mouth taste when I kiss it .... he pick up the clicker , start nervously flick channel on the t.v . he hit the promo for the hotel porno station . david ( vo ) »» .. when I kiss it . gage be kissing it .... right now ... he be touch she ... on tv .... the camera pan up a woman 's body . she 's naked . sweating . writhing in the sheet . we see she face . it 's diana ! David freeze with horror . a man 's hand touch she bare skin . it 's gage . David jump up and slam off the set , sweat . he pace up and down , up and down , exit . int jet day diana sit alone in back , look out the window , fiddling with she wedding ring compulsively . gage be in front , do business with a group of associate . one of they be a attractive woman in she late thirty , janine . janine rise and come back to diana . 48 : sanine Mr. gage ask I to apologize . he have some urgent business . I be to tell you that we will be in Santa Barbara in about a hour . diana Santa Barbara ? what 's in Santa Barbara ? CUT to : a high speed boat ..... cut across the Santa Barbara bay . gage be beside diana . he point ahead . gage the Kingdom come . they round a breakwater and diana see a spectuacular , huge yacht moor just beyond the harbor . int casino HOTEL dine room evening David finish he dinner . a empty wine bottle be on the table . he rise unsteadily , throw down some money and head out . int HOTEL elevator evening David ride up with the two identical twin hookers and another young woman . the young woman apply make - up as she look in the mirror . young woman I do not even know he be in the casino . . 5 . twin ~ how could you miss he . he 's gorgeous . he 's a billionaire . he 's get a entourage as big as Mick Jagger . David go white as he listen . young woman that 's not all he 's get as big as Mick jagger . 4s twin how would you know ? young woman everybody know . he 's have we all . he 's kind of like the kennedy . they two woman get off at one of the floor . the moment they be go , David pound he fist on the penthouse button . int penthouse hall night the elevator door open and David come out . Mo and Jake be play card at a table set up in the hall . they look up at David 's half drunken , panicked face and laugh . david what 's so funny ? mo nothing man . David be sweat , try to hold it together . david I want to see my wife . mo no way . no fuckin’ way . not till tomorrow . they return to play card . David move deliberately to the door and Jake hoist he considerable bulk out of the chair , position himself between the door and David . he tower over David . : David do not care . david there 's a door behind you . I be go through it . move . Jake and Mo exchange a look . nod . Mo turn back to David . he could squash he . instead he say .... mo what 's the magic word ? 50 David can barely ¢ontrel himself . he spit it out . david please . Jake make a sound like a buzzer on a quiz show . mo wrong . jake the magic word be ..... '' will open sesame ! they each take one of David 's arm , drag he over to the elevator . david that 's two word ! . jake tough shit . you be outte here . david let I go , dammit ! David try to pull away but they hold on tight . Mo twist one of David 's arm behind he . David wince . it hurt . Jake hit the elevator button and the door open . they push David inside elevator . David slam against the wall , turn and without Mo and Jake see he , pull the emergency stop butten . he turn back to Mo and Jake . david okay . enough . I know when I be lick . you win . I '' leave . Mo and Jake watch as David push he floer button . they wait for David to go but the elevator do not move . David frown , push another button . wait . nothing happen . md what be this shit ? 51 david ( very innocent ) dammit . something 's wrong . should I take the stair ? jake ( distract ) yeah . down the hall to the right . David surreptiously pull off the emergency stop button , step out of the elevator , step aside as Mo and Jake enter the check out the button . David head down the hall . Mo and Jake be push button . they be so absorb they do not notice the door start to close . David wave bye bye as the door shut on Mo and Jake . alone at last , David move quickly back to the penthouse door and knock . no answer . he call out ... david diana ! ( pound on the door ) diana !!! ext kingdom come night Silent and still in the moonlight . Music drift from within . int kingdom come bathroom night a wonder of gold , marble and mirror . the music be louder , come from somewhere on deck . diana lie in a marble jacuzzi tub , immerse in bubbles . suddenly she hear a tinkling noise , like small belis .. she look up . there 's a elaborate crystal chandelier in the bathroom . it sway softly . the Kingdom come have start to move . int stateroom night Wood pannel . Oriental carpet . Old look oil in elaborate gold frame . diana enter wear a plush terry cloth robe . the pocket say " Kingdom come " . her clothes have be take away and she 's not sure what to do . she move to a row of mirrore deor , touch one and it open . Inside be a selection of outfit . various silk dress , a velvet embroider jacket , several choice of shoe . 32 int MAIN stateroom night as amazing as you no expect . night view of the Santa Barbara coast glide by out the window . picassos and fernand legers on the wall . a young black man in a tuxedo play the music we have be hearing on a grand piano . several crfw member in white uniform stand in various part of the room like guard in a art museum . one be at the bar , another at a buffet . diana appear . the outfit she 's choose be scarlet . we have never see she like this . her hair be pile up . her bare shoulder vulnerable . she 's try to look tough and cool head . the crew member watch she with curiosity as she pass . she avoid they eye , hold she head high and ... stumble . she redden , look down . the heel very high , make she wobble . she reach down and pull they off . barefoot now and hold the heel , she move through the room , grab a érink and downs it . int gage' office kingdom come night just outside the door , diana stop and put the heel back on . then tentatively , she move inside . gage ' 's office be fill with numerous computer , phone line , fax machine , xerox etc . it 's a regular command station . gage sit in front of a screen show a computer stock board . in he finger he hold a small piece of paper that he 's roll and roll between he finger , make it into a very thin , tight , tube . fer a moment the only sound be the rustle of the paper in gage 's finger . diana watch . finally she clear she throat and gage turn . diana ( nervous ) they send for I . they say ... you be .... ready . he say nothing for a moment , just look at she . then ... gage wow . 53 gage rise , toss the paper in the waste basket . he walk around she , stop behind she and reach out to touch she . she flinch . gage you miss a button . she stand still while he fix it . then he take she arn , lead she out . gage do you know you be still bring I luck ? diana be I ? gage today I buy the Arabian Night casino . MAIN deck kingdom come night diana and gage move to the rail together . gage I want to show you something . gage turn and signal to someone on a upper deck . in a moment every single light on the boat go off . they lean on the rail and look up at the star . gage you only see a sky like this out on the ocean . the boat drift , a black spot on the dark ocean . the star above be incredible . diana you be enjoy this , be not you ? gage what ? diana play cinderella . 54 : gage be not you ? diana no. gage I do not believe you . diana I do not care what you believe . gage look at diana . she stare out at the dark sky , the wind move she hair . gage who make the decision ? diana we both do . gage do it for you own reason or do not do it . he 's not worth it . diana you do not know he . gage I know he do not stop you . diana look over at gage , a flicker of pain in she eye . diana you have no right to judge David . you be the one who have to buy woman . gage do you think I have to buy woman ? diana then why I ? gage I buy you because you say you could not be buy . I enjoy a challenge . diana I can not be buy , Mr. gage . we be just go to fuck as I understand it . gage look at diana , so tough and incredibly beautiful . gage I can see I be go to get my money 's worth . suddenly he take she hand and lift it very gently , so gently . he kiss it . she do not move . he pull she towards he and he finger run up she arm to she bare shoulder . he lean forward and gently kiss she shoulder . suddenly she pull back , frighten . it 's sexy . she have not anticipate this . he whisper . gage trust I . nothing 's go to happen that you do not choose . a long moment and he bend she head back , kiss she full on the mouth . dissolve to int casino night theatre David wander through , barely know where he be . Tom Jones or he equivalent sing for a crowd of middle age woman who scream at the top of they lung and throw they underwear on stage . on david ... push he way though and outside the casino . ext casino night David burst out , desperate to get away from this place , away from himself , away from everything . ext desert night David walk away from the city , the light of the strip be strung out like diamond on the horizon behind he . he head out into the desert . 56 ext desert night David 's still walk . finally he stop and sit down in the sand . he 's motionless for a moment , then he hold he knee and start gently rock , whisper to himself to block out he thought . david two time two be four . two time three be six . two time four be eight . dissolve to : ext kingdom come night the boat be peaceful and quiet . somewhere in the distance bell start to to toll . ext santa barbara dawn the gulf stream jet take off . int arabian night casino dawn David stumble in , sweaty and dirty . the casino 's almost empty at this hour . David wander through , hardly know where he be any more . he pass the high roller area and the pit boss , oblivious to David 's appearance , cross to he with a big smile of recognition . pit boss good morning Mr. Murphy . would you like to play ? the pit boss lean down and open the golden rope . David stare at he blankly . , '' it I say , would you like to play Mr. Murphy ? the pit boss pull out a chair for David in the high roller area . David stare at it with dawn horror . david you know my name . 57 pit boss you account be credit early this morning , Mr. Murphy . there 's a suite ready for you on we private floor . the bell boy at v.i.p. check have you key . a limo be available whenever you wish . a hostess put a glass of orange juice in David 's hand . hostess good morning Mr. Murphy . David 's face register shock . move in on he as we hear . david ( vo ) it could only mean one thing . iwas a high roller . a million dollar have be deposit in we casino account . it be over . David head off the floor , first at a walk , then at a run . int casino HOTEL room morning David burst in . diana 's clothes be on the bed . sound of a shower from within . David stare at the red pair of high heel pump on the flosf . on the bed be the scarlet dress . David look at the bathroom . suddenly he 's afraid to enter . int bathroom same diana be in the shower . inmcongruously , she cover herself as David walk in . she appear pale and tired . a moment as . they look at each other , then ... diana hello darling . David fling open the shower door . diana look frighten , as if she be not sure whether David 's go to kiss she or hit she . then he get in the shower with all he clothes on , take diana in he arm . they both stand under the pound water and hold each other tight as we dissolve to : 58 ext desert afternoon the Toyota be a speck in the wasteland head home . int toyota same David and diana ride in silence . he glance over at she , and she continue to look out the window . then ... finally , she turn and tentatively smile . relieved , he smile back . diana ( vo ) I tell myself it be over . like a dream that vanish in the morning light . and in time , enough time , I would forget . david ( vo ) all we have to do be stick to the agreement and never , ever mention what happen in Las Vegas again . we hear the roar of a engine as we CUT to : ext BMW dealership day David and diana peel out in a brand new BMW convertible . int BMW day David drive . diana watch he . david happy ? she nod , then reach a foot over . and push down on . the accelerator . they fly forward . diana throw she head back and laugh ... . bear be tk 7 ok ext pch afternoon the BMW zip through traffic , head up the coast . ior 8 1 ext zuma beach '' afternoon David and diana be park look out at the sunset . David put he arm around she and she snuggle against he . 59 diana it 's go to be all right . I be afraid . I be really afraid . but it 's over now , David . and it 's go to be fine . be not it ? david 'e . ( he look into she eye ! we be go to begin again . right now . nothing be real except what happen to we from now on . together they turn and look out at the ocean as the sun go down . int david and diana 's house night David and diana have dinner in a room fill with candle . david I want to buy you something wonderful . something you have always want . since you be a little girl . what do you want , diana ? she look into he eye . speak softly . diana you . int bedroom night David and diana make love . the bedroom be also candlelit and fill with flower . it 's gentle at first , tentative . he touch she as if she might break . he 's go slowly . she get impatient , laugh and bite he ear . they roll . she get up on she knee , kneel over he and kiss he , they roll again . suddenly she 's all over he , touch he , kissing he . they be under the sheet now . she continue to be more aggressive . gradually we sense that he be pull back , and then ...... something happen . 60 David sit up and push diana away . diana , breathe hard , do not understand and kiss he neck . he push she away again . she stop , leok at he . diana what ? David stare at she , suspicion and fear in he eye . david you never do it like that before . diana do what ? david you know . diana ( redden ) I do not know what you be talk about . david yes you do . it 's different . diana what ? david you be different . he abruptly get out of bed , exit the room . int david and ' diana 's kitchen morning '' David and diana get they coffee and breakfast , a morning ritual repeat a hundred time . but as they move they slightly avoid each other . they reach fer the coffee and bump hand . _ diana sorry . david my fault . 61 / diana you go . he pour he coffee , then pour she for she . put down the pot . then , without look he reach out and touch she . david forgive I . she play with he finger , nod . ext beverly hill day a beautiful , sun drench Los Angeles day . boom down to see the plush office of prudential realty . David and diana 's new BMW be park in front . int prudential real estate office day diana and David sit in the fancy , beverly Hills real estate office across from a realtor . the realtor riffle through he file , pull out a folder and put it on the table . put on he glass . realtor two acre on Alta vista . diana we would like to make a offer . a moment more of silence as the realtor read over he paperwork . finally he look up . realtor I be sorry . that property sell two day ago . | ees 's ' diana that 's not possible . realtor it 's in escrow . loe tone comer e mg yy oe de david be you sure ? realtor positive . 62 he close the file . David and diana sit in stunne silence . ext beverly hill day David and diana stand on the sidewalk outside the realty office , disorient . she walk off slowly . he follow she . david we will find something else . diana yes . david it do not matter . diana of course not . it do not matter at all . silently they get into the car . ext david and diana 's house night establish . it 's late . the moon be full . int david and diana 's kitchen night the sink be under a window , illuminate by the moonlight . the faucet drip softly . first one drop , then another . int david and diana 's bedroom night silence except for the distant drip of the faucet . David and diana lie with they back to each other , a small distance between they . after a moment , he roll over and put he arm around she . she stiffen slightly but do not pull away . he kiss she . she do not really kiss back . then they stop and lie in uneasy silence . in the distance the faucet continue to drip . , '' david ( vo ) | suddenly , overnight , everything be completely different . it feel like we barely know each other . 63 diana ( vo ) we no never have secret . now we have secret . we would betrayed each other . ext david 's father 's house day the new BMW be park out front . int david' father 's house day leok through from the kitchen we watch as David give he father a check . his father look at it . then he rise and put he arm around David . father I be proud of you David . you be always such a good boy . David 's father smile . David feel like shit . ext david 's father 's house van nuy day the front door open and David come out . he look like he have the weight of the world on he shoulder . his father wave good - bye from the doorway , oblivious . father give my love to diana ! ext van nuy gas station day David fill he tank at a self service pump . a heavy set man about David 's age watch . he wear garage overall , have a beer belly ' and a good 's 6148 ' boy look about he . the man approach as David hang up the nozzle . : . . man : David ? David look at he . his eye go to the pocket of the man 's overall where he see the name '' bubba '' . bubba hey man , remember I ? we go to Van nuy High remember ? 64 david bubba . bubba you get it . bubba aruzioc . Long time no see . David just stare at bubba . bubba smile . bubba how you be ? still with diana ? David be unable to answer ..... then bubba prettiest girl in Van nuy High . the do a low wolf whistle ) something else . every guy in the class have a crush on she . ecu bubba .... he look directly at David . bubba how be she ? - ecu david .... david what do you say ? bubba I say .... how 's good old diana ? exu david ..... in one split second he lose it and wham !!! 2 he eoaky WD eee ras Lee David slug bubba in the face . bubba stagger back and fall like a tree trunk . David stare down at he , more daze than bubba . a moment and he turn and get in the emw , take off . int david and diana' kitchen day David put - on the water for coffee . he can not get 's the gas burner to light . he look around for match . there 's a pack by the stove next to a tube of lipstick of diana 's . David pick they up , light the burner and toss the matchbook down , stop . he pick up the matchbook . it say '' kingdom come " . 65 a footstep be hear behind he and David pocket the match just as diana enter wear gardening clothes . she move to the sink and fill a water can . diana want to help I in the garden ? david ' sure . diana exit . David look at he hand . it 's shaking slightly and knuckle be skinned . ext back yard day . diana garden . David sit on the back step , watch . diana I do not think the tomato be set as early this year , do you ? ( no answer ) David ? she look up . he ' 's stare at she . david what 's Kingdom come ? diana where do you hear that name ? david you have a , book of match . _ diana : we say we would never talk about it . david I know but now I want to talk about it . ( beat ) : .- do not you ? diana no. 66 she return to gardening . David watch a moment . when he speak he voice be control and very reasonable . he be try he damnedest to be casual . david I have to know . I think I could just forget about it but I can not . if we talk about it , maybe I can put it behind I . diana ( without look up ) the Kingdom come be a boat . david he take you to a boat ? in nevada ? diana we fly to Santa Barbara . david what kind of boat ? diana a big boat . I spend the night there . ' david and what ? diana and nothing ! diana rise , she : mey ' elash 's with anger . David meet the icek , unbend . ' david what be it like ? diana we be not go to talk about ' this s' you agree ; '' David . «= sre david tell I . diana look David dead in the eye . 67 diana he be impotent . david do not lie to I . diana how do you know it 's a lie ? david the man 's have half of Hollywood ! every hooker in Vegas rave about he ! you must think I be a idiot . diana where do you see the match ? have you be go through my purse ? david no I have not be go through you purse . ( peat ) why ? what 's in you purse ? diana David , we can not talk about this . I be never , ever go to talk about it . we agree not to . she pass by he and go into the house . int diana and david n's house bedroom night on the table be diana 's purse . David sit on the bed and stare at it . he reach for it , pull back he hand . he want to trust she . but he can not ... ' David grab the purse , open it , go through it . 2 pull out a wallet . lipstick . comb. bebby pin . he turn over the purse and shake it . nething . he pry open a zippere pocket , shakee it hard . something fall out . it 's a small emboss card with the initial jg and a phone number . 68 int live room night David enter just as diana be hang up the phone . she look up at he and he look at she , suspicious . diana what ? david who be you talk to ? diana my mother . why ? david you mother ? it 's after ten in Florida . diana mother stay up late . david oh really . and what do Mom have to say ? diana nothing . she be not there . david you just say you be talk to she . how could you have be talk to she if she be not there ? diana I be try ’to ' talk to : she . it do not reach she . david she be not in after ten o'clock ? diana no ! she be not ! if you do not believe I , why do not you call she ! she hold out the phone to David knock it out of she hand . diana rise , angry . 69 diana what be che matter with you ? he open he hand and reveal the card . diana what 's that ? david you know what it be . diana take the card and leok at it , then up at David . diana where do you get this ? david it be in you purse . diana you go through my purse ? david you keep he number . diana I never see this before in my life . david he give it to you . you keep it . you have be call he . diana I haveri"t call he ! david : maybe you have be see he ! you can not forget he ! diana . ( overlap ) '' T have not see he ! you wort't give : I a chance to forget he ! what be you do go through my purse ? 70 david I do not trust you . diana I do not trust you either . david then we be even . a long moment and they look at each other . then David 's anger turn to sorrow . he reach out to she . david diana ... she step away from he , hurt and sad too . diana David , you have to stop . you '’re make we both crazy . david I can not stop . I keep see he with you . it 's in my head night and day . turn around . diana pretend nothing happen . david but it do happen . diana you want to do it . this be not : my fault . we both agree . do not blame I . do not hate I . we be in this together . david ( anguish ) no we be not . I be alone . David walk out slowly . diana do not go after he . move in on she as we hear : diana ( vo ) he be right . we be both alone . 7 ) int toyota day diana drive . she look upset , even desperate . she lean on the horn , swerve around a corner and down shift , obviously head somewhere . diana ( vo ) I have to do something . I have to stop this horrible nightmare before it destroy we forever . ext southern california escrow company morning establish . the BMW be park outside . diana ( vo ) I want to make something good come of all we have do wrong . we need a new beginning . int escrow company morning diana sit with bernice , a pleasant middle age black woman . diana two acre in Santa monica , 543 Alta vista . I need to know who buy it , bernice . do you have a record ? bernice why 's that ? diana David and I want that land . we get there too late . I want to make the new owner a offer . bernice look through she file . bernice Alta vista ...... Alta vista . here it be . she read the paperwork , then look up . bernice ( co not ) do not think it 's go to work , diana . 72 diana why not ? bernice this buyer will not be look for a quick profit . he 's a very rich man . probably the richest man in Los Angeles . bernice hand diana the paperwork and diana 's face go white as she read the page . bernice maybe you have hear of he . he own the summit hotel . get office right here in century City . name 's - diana John gage . int le dome day in back , in a private booth , gage be eat lunch with two businessman , mike and jeffrey . gage we all know that sometimes part of make a deal be cut off the knee of the competition . in this case , the starline company be not legitimate , so whatever umethod we feel necessary be justified by - suddenly the tablecloth be pulled out from under gage 's lunch . Crystal , food , and wine all go fly . diana stand vy the table , hold the cloth , surround by the wreckage , eye blaze . gage rise and she take a swipe at he . he grab she ‘arm and hold on . she struggle . diana you bastard . - you steal we land . 73 she reach into coat as if go for a gun . other diner jump up . one woman scream . from a back table mo and jake come forward and grab diana . diana get you hand off I ! gage let she go . Mo and Jake let she go and diana 's hand come out of she purse with the paperwork that she just get at the escrow office . gage turn to Jeffrey and Mike . gage gentlemen , I have like to introduce a friend of mine . diana Murphy . diana I be not you friend . gage diana advise I on a property in Santa monica . diana that 's a lie ! you take my land and I want it back . a maitre’d approach . gage turn to he . gage it 's all right . everything 's under control . eigen 3 the sit peta rege show lobe ik tte thea het everything 's not under control ! fer once in you goddamn life you have come up against something you can not eontrol ! gage . loan .. ( to Mike and Jeffrey ) gentlemen , will you excuse I ? Jeffrey and Mike exchange amise look as gage lead diana eut the back door . 74 ext rear le dome day diana jerk she arm away from John . diana why ? you want to hurt I . JOHN no . diana bullshit . JOHN I think you be fantastic . beautiful . talented . I see a opportunity and I take it . diana it be gy land and gy opportunity . gage I get there first . diana sell it back to I . gage no. diana why not ? be gage you " 'a develop it '' and ' tiske 's yout '' husband 's career . and that would ruin everything . dot a ae diana what be you talk ubout ? pte os gage fretdtin tie ee I want you to leave he and come with I . diana stare at he , dumbfounded . then she whisper three succinct word . 75 diana go to hell . she turn to go and gage shift gear quickly , grab she arm again . gage now take it easy and listen . this be strictly business . I want you to work for I . diana you expect I to believe that ? gage ( think on he foot ) you have a eye for real estate . I will put you on staff . I need good advice . diana never . gage why not ? diana because I hate you . she pull away from he . gage no you do not . you wish you hate I . mte diana walk off without another word . dissolve to : int david and diana 's house night David wait alone in the darkness . he lie on a sofa , fully dress , too depressed to have even turn on the light . he hear something and he rise as the front door unlock and diana enter . she carry a bottle of wine . they look at each other and diana smile , but it 's tentative . 76 diana : hello darling . you look awful . david where have you be ? diana I all tell you all about it . I just want to have some wine . will you join I ? she cross to the kitchen . David follow . int kitchen night they enter . David watch diana fumble as she try to open the wine bottle . David reach and take the bottle from she . he pour from the bottle of wine . diana take the glass from he , drink it down . her hand shake slightly . he notice . david what happen ? diana last night I stay up for hour , try to think of a way out of this mess . david and today ? diana today I see gage . David pick up the wine bottle and slam it against the wall . Glass shatter all over the kitchen . diana thank you for you trust , David . and for listen . she walk out of the room . David follow . int bedroom night they enter . 77 david you sleep with he . diana no ! david you want to sleep with he . diana no ! I meet he in broad daylight surround by hundred of rich asshole at Le dome . david I do not believe you . diana he buy we property , davidi that 's why I go to see he . I want it back . or I want to kill he . or both . I break all he dish . JI pull he lunch onto the floor . you have no reason to be jealous . I hate he . and I tell he so to he face . 's david you be in love with hin . diana I be in love with youl ! start loving I again damn it ! david I never stop . they look at each other , the pain of they separation in both they eye . she make a move towards he and he step back and away from she . . - fote . david . you have to tell I . you have to . what happen on the boat ? 78 diana do not do this . we be right on the edge . do not do it . david I have to know . diana why ?! he slam he fist down on the dresser . david because I have to !! diana all right ! I will tell you , dammit ! the man be a fuck stallion , David ! we do it all night ! be that what you want to hear ? david be that the truth ? diana the truth ? you do not want the truth . you want a lie . you want I to say he be awful . so I say he 's awful and you do not believe I . I can not win ! david tell I the truth . diana it be sex , David ! just sex . 2 + not love ! sext coe ro tw david great sex . diana sex without love be not great sex ! good sex . 79 . diana yes ! as soon as she 's say it she regret it . the word hang like fire between they . she cover she mouth . her face flash diana David .... she reach out , but it 's too late . David pull away . david / it be not just sex . and you know it . because you be attract to he . right from the start . diana you could have stop I . you let I do it . david you be die to do it . a moment of awful silence and David turn and head out . David slam diana ( quiet ) if you leave this house now we be finish . david we be already finish . out the door and he ’s'gone : ' move in on diana as diana ( vo ) when couple fight , there 's a invisible line . that one word you can not say , that one truth you will not tell , because to do it be treason . '' you - can do a lot 6 for thing , but you can never cross that line . because once it 's cross , there 's no go back . 80 int jeremy' wilshire corridor high rise night a typical LA upscale bachelor pad . David slump on the sofa , devastate . Jeremy sit in pajamas beside he eat pizza . jeremy I know this would happen . you make a deal with the devil . you pay the price . david thanks Jeremy . come from the man who close the deal with the devil , that 's very comforting . jeremy you want she back do not you ? david yes. | jeremy call she . david I can not . the phone ring . Jeremy get it . jeremy hello. ( beat , look to David ) oh hi diana . yeah . David 's right here . De you want to talk to he ? David do not even look over . int d? id and diana' house night diana lie curl up on the : bed ; hold the phone . diana no , Jeremy , I do not want to talk to he . 81 jeremy ( vo ) come on honey . you love David . he love you . talk to he . diana do I a favor , Jeremy . jeremy ( vo ) anything . diana tell he he can have the money . I do not want it . she hang up . hard . int jeremy 's house night Jeremy hang up slowly . David have not move . jeremy she say she do not want the money . you can have it . ( no answer ) David , do you hear I ? david I hear you . I do not want the money either . you could not pay I to take it . after a long moment . jeremy I will - take it . ( beat ) I mean .... if nobody else want it . on David .... he do not hear or care . dissolve to : ext venice beach sunset David walk along the water . around he be family with child , young couple arm in arm , laugh and have fun . David be lose in he memory , alone and miserable . 82 david ( vo ) I have to start live my life over again . a life without diana . but how could I forget the best thing , the only thing that have ever happen to I ? ext ATM night David take cash from the machine . he lock down at the receipt . his balance be over a million dollar . David crumple the receipt and drop 's it to the ground , head off into the night . int babe brandelli's brig night Pool table , slumming yuppy and aging Venice biker . the place be pack . David sit alone drink at a table . he 's drink hard . a striking blond watch David . darlene . she approach . darlene ri. david hi. darlene what you do over here all alone ? david I have decide to become a drunk . u.. darlene . - you do not want to do that . : drunk be not happy and they get beat up a lot . fhold out she hand ) I be darlene . metre , bee wet dave David . they shake and darlene sit but David still say nothing . after a moment darlene lean forward , whisper . 83 darlene I bet I could take you mind off she . david I do not think so . darlene hundre a hour . any way you like it . David look up . it 's too perfect . she 's a hooker . int darlene' apartment night David sit on the edge of the bed , undress . darlene move to he , wrap she arm around he from behind , start kissing he neck , he ear . darlene you like this baby ? david De not talk please . David close he eye . she unbutton he shirt , kiss he chest . David keep he eye close , allow himself to enjoy the feel , imagine , pretend she 's diana . then David open he eye , see himself in the mirror with darlene . she 's not diana . nothing like . she whisper . darlene you pay up front . | david right . David pull away and rise . he get out he checkbook , start to write a check . darlene I take cash , american Express or Visa . David continue write . 84 darlene ( co not ) no exception . david this time you will make a exception . he hand darlene the check . she look at it . it 's make out for a million dollar . she stare at it a long moment , then look at David . her friendly demeanor evaporate . darlene be this some kind of joke ? david take the check , darlene . it 's good . darlene look , I do not have time to bullshit . she tear up the check for a million dollar . David look at she a long moment , reach in he wallet and find a hundred dollar , throw it on the bed , walk out . hold on the money as we hear : diana ( vo ) I be miserable . numb . barely alive . Love be a lie . ext david and diana 's house day a.grey , gizzle . day . , diana , stand | at , he front window look ' out 's at the rain . ~ : _ diana { vo} since highschool , David and I be like people from another world , where love still work . if there was_no hope for add there be no hope for anyone . '' '' 's int diana 's kitchen night diana sit at the kitchen table , she uneaten dinner in front of she . she 's hold something in she fist . 85 diana ( vo ) John gage destroy my life . she open she hand and look down to see .... the card with gage 's number on it . diana ( vo ) why not make he rebuild it ? int office summit build day gage show diana into a spacious , beautiful office overlook the whole city . diana walk to the window and look out . gage you will have you own secretary . full health benefit of course and let 's say a hundred thousand a year . diana turn away from the window and leok evenly at gage . diana I win not take a salary . I do not want a secretary . and I all use a small office on one of the lower floor . gage no salary ? diana . . no salary . ever. I 'l ] take a , wou pf ) stes tone '' éommiss i five = percent of anything I bring in . otherwise it 's no deal . I have to know that whatever money you pay I , I have earn . sbe hb S . . se oa be bho I can not do ' that . 's I do not pay _ anyone a percentage . diana digest this a moment , then nod and turn to go . gage position himself between she and the door . 86 gage do not play game , diana . you will not walk away from all this . diana try I . he look into she eye , see determination there . gage one percent . diana four percent . gage two . diana turn and head out the door . a long moment as gage wait . he hear she footstep receed down the hall . gage ( to himself ) shit . he bolt after she . int summit corp hallway day gage catch up to diana at the elevator . gage Three . pty pe maye drank '' it 's non -negotiable . the elevator door open behind diana . they look at each other a long moment . slowly he smile . 7 gage I know you have potential . int jeremy' apartment live room sunset David , he face stubble , lie on the sofa in a bed he 's be in for day . beside he be empty beer can . Jeremy 87 enter in he armani suit , carry a briefcase . jeremy ( dry ) honey , I be home . no response . Jeremy shake he head , move to the kitchen and open the fridge . he rummages inside then look up . jeremy massive depression and a break heart be insufficient reason for drink a man 's last beer . David still say nothing . Jeremy re-enter and plop down in a chair . he rattles all the beer can in front of David , find one with something in it and take a long pull . jeremy you look like shit , you know that ? david yeah . jeremy can not live without she . david no. jeremy then you be toast . david sob tls mpommbe ee to or ak than oe a jeremy unless .... David look up with a glimmer of hope . :. david . ~ have what ? jeremy this may be a radical idea , but ... ( more ) 88 jeremy ( co not ) can not you just let by gone be by gone ? I mean shit , my girlfriend totalled my BMW and somehow . ... eventually ... I forgive she . david which girlfriend be this ? jeremy you never meet she . she 's go . the herpes be the last straw . but that 's neither here nor there . you and diana be different . you be always different . david what should I do ? jeremy let I talk to she . I be a lawyer . all day long I make peace between party that want to kill each other . you guy be just disillusion . Big fuck deal . I can handle it . david not yet . David run a hand through he hair and over he stubble beard . he sit up . '' david '' = ye zi have nothing to offer . int summit hallway day on one of the lewer floor . the personel here be young and less prosperous , the office small and modest . diana ~ carry a load of paperwork , push 's open a door at the end of the hall and enter *' - ° tw rrr the ree int diana 's office day a windowless space with sparse furniture . diana put down she armload of book , set to work . 89 ext summit corporation night it 's late . the building be dark . int diana 's office night diana 's still work . the bulletin board be cover with property . Real estate market book be open all over the floor , paperwork everywhere . diana suift through a file mark " summit HOTEL " . she yawn , rub she eye . then she pull out something , frown . she cross to one of she book and cross check something . ext summit corporation day gage walk from he limo to the building with he assistant janine . janine Mayor Bradley again last night . also Wayne Newton . and you have three call from diana Murphy . she think she 's find a site for the flagship hotel . gage no kid . janine ( ary ) no kid . gage have she come to , the executive meeting in bel Air today . we all be discuss it . janine react with disbelief and annoyance . int private club dine room day posh . Old boy network . group of men at various circular booth do business . at a large corner table fifteen suit be seat with gage at the head of the table . at the far end be diana . not only be she the only woman at the table , she 's the only woman in the room . 90 gage you have be look for over a year . we have a summit hotel chain and no flagship hotel . what 's the problem ? suit one the west side 's overpriced . we have try downtown but we can not find the right property . suit two we have exhaust the possibility . we would like you permission to widen we focus . suit three leng Beach and San pedro be two possibility . gage ( impatient ) San pedro and Long Beach be the boondock . we can not put a flagship hotel in the boondock . the suit exchange look . a uncomfortable silence fall . diana clear she throat . diana uh.... i....uh ... everyone look at she and diana shift she papers . a few of they fall . she have to duck beneath the table to retrieve they . the suit exchange patronize glance . diana I .... I believe I have locate two block in downtown l.a . they be at the intersection of four major freeway and adjacent to the convention center . suit one ( condescending ) she 's talk about the fitzhugh property . 91 suit two that property be consider and reject when it first come on the market a year ago . there be zone problem . diana I speak to Samuel blackwell , Mr. gage 's attorney who specialize in zone . with the new administration in Sacramento , blackwell think he can make the problem disappear . gage why have not I hear about this ? suit three ( scramble ) fitzhugh 's priced the land way over market . suit two he 's ask six million . it 's worth three . diana fitzhugh 's ready to negotiate . suit one say who ? diana the L.A. Times ? she '' poke arbdurid '' méré '' in she papers , pull out a clipping and pass it to suit one . diana this be in the business section last week . ( to gage ) it say fitzhugh 's in trouble . he 's prepare to file for bankruptcy . there 's a stir at the table . all the suit start talk at ence . gage just look at diana . a slow smile creep across he face . bingo . 92 int david 's toyota day David be park in front of the construction site see in the open . construction be under way again and the house be nearly finish . David get out of the car and cross slowly . ext construction site day David enter the yard as worker pass to and for . David be out of place . a electrian pass . electrician hey , you . look out for the cable . David step around the cable and head towards the house , ducking through see horse , cement mixer , past worker who eye he like a intruder or ignore he . he stop and watch a worker put on plaster . after a long moment David be unable to contain himself . david you be get line in the stucco . the worker leok up , annoyed . david you should stroke a little smoother . worker that 's what she say last night . ( beat ) t> who : the helleare you ? David straighten , take a breath . david I be the architect . int construction site : Day tit David walk around with a barrel chest guy in short , the contractor , ricky . David have a cup of coffee now . he 's a welcome guest . 93 ricky we start up again about a month ago . david who 's the new owner ? ricky japanese guy . name of ito . david do he make any change in the plan ? ricky not a one . love the design . david where be he ? ext malibu beach ito house afternoon a spectacular but spare and tasteful malibu beach house . David go up to the door carry he portfolio . ring the bell . a windchime sound . a butler who look like a summo wrestler answer the door . david I be look for a man name George ito . butler you have a appointment ? david no. the butler move . to close the door and David put he foot . in it . the door slam on he foot and David wince , grit he tooth . : david I no like to make a appointment . my name 's David Murphy . I be a , , architect . . I design a-house will 2 2 oak he buy and - the butler look down at David 's shoe . David , with some difficulty , remeve it . the butler close the door . 94 David rub he foot , take off he shoe and rub it more . there 's a large hole in he sock . he hastily put the shoe back on , shake out he foot and wait . and wait . he strain to see in a window . nothing . finally , he turn to go and the front door open again . a oriental man in a " sting " t-shirt , cotton drawst pants , shoulder length hair and japanese slipper appear . GEORGE ito . GEORGE hi. int ito beach house evening David and George move onto a spectacular balcony overlook the ocean . row of gold record line the wall . David put he portfolio down on a table . ito remove he shoe and indicate that David should do likewise . GEORGE sit . David hesitates , remember the hole in he sock . ito sit down on a cushion at a low table with a traditional japanese tea service . David wait till George be not lock , slip eff he shoe and sit also . George roll a joint . David tuck he foot underneath he . GEORGE yeah the house be a fuck steal . that poor stock broker , what a putz . could not pay he lawyer . he be willing to take anything . my wife and I love the place . how come we never hear of you ? david I be a well keep secret . GEORGE no kid . ite take a hit on the joint and offer it to David . david oh .... no thanks . now while I be ..... ( smile , decide to tell the truth ) ..- try to make a good impression . 95 ito smile too . David glance at the gold record . david you be in the record industry ? GEORGE manager . david get any client that need house ? ito 's eye narrow , somewhat take aback by David 's chutzpah . after a moment .... GEORGE how you feel about school ? david school ? GEORGE there 's a school call tripod . it 's a for deaf kid . kind of a pet project of mine . only place like it in Los Angeles . they lest they lease . I find some land . would you be interested ? david would I ? David jump up , grab he portfolio . . , + david ( con / , t ) I have always want to do a school . as a.matter of fact , I have some drawing right here - David pull out some blueprint and turn to see George stare straight at the hole in David 's sock . David curl he toe under . GEORGE ( gently ) there 's no money in this , man . it 's a charity gig . 96 david I do not care . I would like to help . GEORGE for nothing ? david for nothing . ito regards David a long moment then smile . GEORGE let I make a couple of call . I know one of my singer want to build a house in the malibu colony . David react with surprise , then grin . david ( vo ) by late in the afternoon it be settle . I be design a school and up for a million dollar beach house . I be alive again . ext pacific coast highway afternoon David drive home . suddenly he car pull off the road and he get out . he run ajl the way down to the beach and jump for joy . david ( vo ) there be only one person I want the tell . one person I have to share this with . ext david and diana 's house evening David go to the front door carry a bag full of grocery . he knock . no answer . he get out he key . and go inside . .. as pave " ( 9 ) , I want she back . now , at last , it be possible . 97 int summit build dianan floor night a janitor be clean the carpet . most of the office be dark . it 's the end of a long work day . gage come out of the elevator carry a bottle of champagne and two glass . he wear no tie or jacket and seem happier and more at ease than we have ever see he . he look around , unfamiliar with this part of the building . he turn to the janitor . gage sorry . I be lest . can you believe it ? and I own the building . janitor you own the building ? the janitor glance at the champagne , figure this guy 's be drink . gage I be John gage . joe I be Michael Jackson . the janitor return to he work . gage you would not know where liana Murphy 's office be , would you ? the janitor point to the last door on the leave . it 's open and a light 's on inside . gage head down the hall . int diana 's office night diana ' 's at she desk . she rub she eye with fatigue , realize someone be look at she . she glance up to see gage in the doorway , hold the champagne and two glass . she get to she foot . diana you get the fitzhugh property . by way of a answer gage pop the champagne , shoot it all over the office . 98 diana what would you have to pay ? gage ( grin ) do not think I be go to tell you until we re-negotiate you percentage . diana laugh and he pour she a glass of the champagne . he hold up he glass . diana hesitates , touch she glass to he . gage congratulation . gage drink the champange , then move around diana 's desk . he brushes she gently as he pass . gage some office you get here . diana I like it . he sit down behind she desk , fiddle with she typewriter . gage Bet you do not know I can type . diana with one finger . I be impressed . he type something out . diana look over he shoulder and read . " John love diana " he look up at she and she move away from he . , ;-.. her .ey harden ... a diana you do not love I . you just want what you have not get . gage diana , there 's something I have to show you . he hold out a hand and reluctantly she take it . he lead she to the door . 99 ext hallway night they walk to the elevator , pass the janitor . janitor ( call after they ) you do ? I gotta clean that room . gage no you do not . take the night off . gage and diana get in the elevator . janitor ( mutter ) and lose my job . ( to diana ) he really John gage ? diana nod and the door close . the janitor call out . janitor how about a raise ? too late . int david and diana' kitchen the clock read ten . David enter from the live room and cross to the sink , fiddle with the tap . it still drip . after a moment he exit and come back with some tool . ext summit corporation night the camera move up , up and up , literally take off to the top of the summit building . move in on the reof which look out at the city of Los Angeles , a sea of light so bright it block out the star . ext rooftop summit corporation night gage and diana come out of the elevator : he lead she to the edge . Santa monica boulevard look like a runway stretch beneath they . skyscraper dot the skyline . it 's a overwhelming sight . gage point to a skyscraper on they leave . 100 gage you see that building over there ? mine . and the one behind it ? mine as well . five of the skyscraper you can see from here , I own . when I buy preperty , I buy building like this . beautiful building . important building . building that make I proud . not mall or gas station . someday I ' 11 own the tallest building in the world . I do not do anything by halve . diana you want it all . gage that 's right . diana include I . ( she step back and look at he ) be this how you make love to I ? you be still try to buy I . you be say , here be my real estate , fuck I . gage I be not try to buy you . I could pick up a phone right now and for five hundred dollar get @ beautiful woman to do anything iwant . I '' not interested in that . diana ? > posal what do you want ? gage I want you to look at I the way you look at David in Las Vegas . diana {taken aback ) you want a lot . she look out at the view and say nothing more for a moment . 101 gage do you know why I have never marry ? diana no. gage because I will not settle . I want a great love , a love that will last a lifetime . diana Love do not last a lifetime you prove that . gage no . I just prove you be with the wrong man . diana turn to gage . now he 's get she attention . his voice , the intensity of he charm be hard to resist . gage I need you . I need to know you . to be with you . I want to be around you . I can not stop think about you . it 's never be like this for I . she look into he eye . she 's beginning to believe he . gage . when I be six year old , I watch a woman at a slot machine in the lobby of a hotel in the south of France . she put ina steady flow of franc piece . finally she give up and hand I she last franc . I hit the | _ jackpot ... Zim lucky , . all my.life ..0 i... I have be at the right place at the right time . iwas in the right place in Las Vegas too . when luck give you ( more ) 102 gage ( co not ) a opportunity , you take it . I be go to have you . I be go to make you love I . nothing be go to stand in my way . diana can not fight it anymore . he 's overwhelming . suddenly gage kiss her . she allow it for a moment , and then , she kiss back . dissolve to : int diana and david 's house later David sit on the sofa . it 's very quiet . he 's be wait along time . he look at he watch . j ja.m . his face be haggard and destroy . all hope go . he rise , pick up he coat to go . then he hear something . a key in the back door . David steel himself , wait . he hear the sound of the back door close . then footstep . David look out the window . a lime pull away . David turn away from the window as diana step into the doorway . she look beautiful . and happy . she 's smile , hum softly to herself . then she see David and freeze . her smile fade . her eye fall on the set table behind David , the bottle of champagne list in melt ice . David step into the silence . david what be you do here ? david make a of . i of myself . diana you should have call . david I guess so . 103 diana I be sorry . david it 's my fault . I be stupid to think I could walk in and find everything just the way I leave it . she look at he and we see a flash of the old emotion in she eye . they have a moment of connection . he step forward , grasp at the open . david diana .... I come here to tell you that I love you , no matter what . I be go to say that I have be a fool . that I can not live without you . diana it 's too late . david no it 's not . diana yes it be . I do not suppose I ' 1l ever love anyone as much as I love you . but it 's over . and we can not go back . there 's a finality in she voice that can not be deny . he reach out for she but she pull away . David turn and walk out . dissolve to : the los angele skyline solemn under a low haze . pull back tu see we be look at the view from + a wed int gagen office day gage sit signing paper work . janine be with he . 104 janine they want two character reference for the nevada Gaming commision . I say Mayor Tom and ...? gage cardinal donnelly . they finish with the papers and janine turn to go . janine . shall I send he in now ? gage yes . but do not go too far away . he 's liable to try and start something . janine nod and exit . gage sit dewn again at he desk , begin roll a small piece of paper between he finger . int waiting room summit corp day janine enter , move to the corner where David stand , rigid but compose , wait . janine Mr. gage will see you now , Mr. Murphy . David follow janine dewn the hall . int gage 's office day David enter with janine , he fist clench . gage rise from behind he desk , extend he hand . David ignore it . gage hello David . have a seat . david I no rather stand . gage . can I offer you something to drink ? david no. 105 gage ( to janine ) I ' 1l have a evian . janine move to a bar in the corner of the office and get the water . David be silent until she finish and exit . gage what can I do for you ? david diana ' 's my wife . gage yes . david you seem to have forget that fact . ' gage diana 's obligation to you be she own concern . david leave she alone . gage I can not do that , David . I be in love with she . and she love I . David take this information like a blow to the chin . he struggle to control he emotion before he speak . finally . eta mere to ph david do I one favor . gage all right . david do not hurt she . . do not break she heart . , gage ' I have no intention of hurt she . I *m go to take good care of she . 106 David 's voice choke . david you would better . David exit , defeat . as he go out the door he pass janine who 's be outside , listen . she step into the doorway and look at gage . gage look away . int parking garage day David walk slowly to he Toyota and get in . he do not start the car . he just sit . we begin to hear music . the music be in he mind , in he memory . he close he eye as if listen . it 's " the nearness of you " , the song David and diana dance to the last time they be happy , in Las Vegas . dissolve to : David and diana dance .... just a image . a float image in no particular place or time . a feel David want to hang on to . the music continue as we dissolve to : int dianan bedroom night diana lie in bed asleep . dream . the clock read one a.m . she reach out to the place where David use to be . he 's not there . her eye open and the music end abruptly . she sit up , listen . total silence . the house be completely quiet . diana get out of bed and exit . int kitchen night diana enter in darkness and look at the faucet . she can see it in the moonlight . it 's not drip . David fix it . dissolve to : se int SMALL conference room day diana wear business clothes , sit go over some work with 107 suit one and suit two . at the other end of the table , janine be work with several other executive . she glance up at diana with hostility . executive one the bartlett offer be not legitimate for the Palm Beach property . executive two they could not develop the site . . diana , why do not you take a look at the figure . diana nod and make a note as janine rise and come over . she stop by diana 's chair and diana look up . janine pointedly and loudly address she . janine Mr. gage ask I to find out about this evening . where would you like to have dinner ? diana be embarrassed , both by janine 's hostility and by have the date set before the other employee . diana ( coloring ) I do not care . janine and afterwards , would you prefer to go to the Mark taper Forum or the Hollywood bowl ? ft diana . = neither . the executive exchange look as janine return to she seat . diana pretend to stare at some paperwork . int diana 's office evening diana be finish she day 's work at she desk . she look at she watch . a knock on the door . diana come in . janine enter . 108 diana look up . janine Mr. gage be tie up with the Mayor . he ask I to tell you that he ’1ll meet you at the restaurant . there 's a lime wait downstairs . diana thank you . janine ( hard ) have a lovely time . janine do not go . diana meet she eye . diana be there something on you mind , janine ? janine I have nothing against you as long as you be just the flavor of the month . but now you be on payroil , and that make I sick . I get my mba at Harvard . I have work for John gage ten year . but I do not get promote anymore because I no longer sleep with he . I be tired of woman who join the company , fuck he and five minute later out - rank mé . '' diana freeze with shock . then .... diana I be not '' fuck he . " janine yet .- diana get out of here . 109 janine just out of curiousity , have he take you up on the roof yet ? diana be so stunne she do not respond . janine I guess that answer my question . she walk off . int morton 's night diana sit rigidly at a table alone . her meal be untouched . gage enter , cross the restaurant to she . gage I be sorry I be late . Tom have to be brief on the park . one thing lead to another and - he lean down to kiss she and she pulis away . he sit . gage be something wrong ? diana how many woman have be up on the roof , gage ? gage ( beat ) I do not know what you mean . diana how many ? ten ? twenty ? a hundred ? gage say nothing a moment then opt for the truth . gage : allright . maybe I be not original . '' es - '' ' putin this case I be sincere . diana I do not believe you . 110 gage it 's the truth . I be in love with you . diana you will say anything , do anything to get what you want . ( she rise ) but you can not have I . she walk out . gage follow . ext restaurant night diana come out , follow by gage . gage diana wait . you be overreact . diana be I ? I be not a pawn you can move this way and that . I have feeling . JI trust you . I believe you . and it be just bullshit . gage it be not . I swear it . he take she arm and she pull away . diana leave I alone ! I do not ever want to see you again ! and there 's an nothing you gan ' way to change - tee my mind ! ' os a she walk off down the street . gage can not let she go . gage ond marry I . e at ae dum sot eat pore ts a beat and diana stop . she turn and stare at gage . he 's confuse and for once , desperate . diana what ? gage you hear I . and that be two word I have never say to any woman . diana stand still on the sidewalk in the dark and allow gage to approach she . hold on diana ..... gage take she hand and she allow it . he pull she closer and hold she . gage marry I . dissolve to : ext MAIN STREET ocean park establish . move in on a a older industrial building . a sign be go up outside . David Murphy , architect . int david' new office day a convert industrial space . it 's light , airy and beautiful . worker be still plaster , painting , finish the new office . at make - shift desk two female assistant be at work . sally answer the phone . JUNE , a intense and attractive young woman , work on a display of David 's model . David pass Sally and June . david get I Jeremy on the phone . David head into he office . not int david' new office day model everywhere . the office show the chaos of a new facility , but it 's promise . June , who clearly have a crush on David , enter with a cup to coffee . JUNE you okay ? david no. 112 the phone buzze and David pick up the receiver . June reluctantly exit . david Jeremy ? I get a letter from diana . she want a divorce . jeremy ( vo ) I know . J hear . the good news be , if you do not contest it , you get everything . david explain . jeremy ( vo ) gage want to do it quickly in the dominican Republic . you sign the papers and it 'il be over in a week . you contest it and it will drag on for month . david he want to marry she . jeremy ( vo ) yes , David sit down at he desk , stunne . jeremy ( vo ) blew my mind too . I guess even the biggest night hawk look in mu : oon , she Mirror , epe day and fealize he 's gonna die . david . I do not believe it . jeremy ( vo ) believe it . she be the right woman at the right time . david I can not let this happen without see she . 113 jeremy ( vo ) forget it , David . do not keep obsess on this . it 's a do deal . it 's over . david you know where she be , do not you ? jeremy David ... david tell I . jeremy I do not want you hurt again . there 's no way you can win against a man like John gage . david where be she ? ext beverly hill sunset gage 's limo drive by . int gage 's limo night gage and diana ride in back . both be formally dress . gage have on read glass , have fax and memo in he lap . gage the dominican Republic 's not my idea of a fun spot , but we can kill two bird with one stone . there 's some commercial property I would like to check out while we get the paperwork process . diana how do you know David will agree to the divorce ? a gage he will agree . diana what make you so sure ? 114 gage he know if he contest it , we will go after you share of the asset . by California law you be entitle to half a million . he 's not go to give that up . diana then ? gage then we get marry . diana just like that . gage it will be a little tight . I have a pack schedule for the next few week . ( he look at he appointment book ) we can do it in Paris . I have a important meeting there this Wednesday .... maybe it would be cleaner to wait till New York . I have a press conference on the fourth . diana ( distant ) I always want to see Paris . gage Paris it be . gage look up at diana and . smile . diana look uneasy . diana be you sure you want to do this ? gage positive . diana gage , be you happy ? gage be I happy ? 115 he put down he papers , take she hand . gage ( co not ) of course I be . do not you understand ? I have never , in my whole life , be happier . I want you to be happy too . he take something from he pocket and drop it into she hand . she leek . it 's a large diamond ring . diana 's about to say something but the car phone ring . after a moment gage answer it . gage no I want to sell it . it 's max out . no . not another week . handle it when the exchange open . yeah . first thing in the morning diana put the ring on she finger . as gage continue to talk he tear off a piece of paper , start roll it between he finger . diana watch he a moment , then look out the window . ext LA county zoo night searchlight scan the sky . limo drop people at the entrance . the zoo itself have be light up and decorate for a formal party . a banner announce a bennifit auction . closer gagen limo ..... Reporters swarm around the car as diana and gage get out . cameras click and flash . gage and diana link arm and smile . on she hand be the diamond . int 200 night . crowd of celebrity and society type sip champagne in formal outfit between the monkey and flamingos . gage and diana enter the party . several business type immediately come over to gage , shake he hand . the man fall into conversation . diana stand slightly apart , wait . ext zoo parking lot night . David jump out of he car at the far end of the crowded let , head for the gate . he wear a tuxedo , look terrific . 116 by the gate night David try to enter with other guest . people be hand invitation to the two bouncer at the gate . David have not get one . he reach the bouncer and search he pocket . david dam . I forget my invitation . must have leave it in the car . bouncer one ( frosty ) you name ? David pull out he wallet , get a hundre dollar bill , slip it to the bouncer . david David Murphy . check the list . I be sure you will find my name there . bouncer one look at David with stony eye . no way . ext parking lot night the two bouncer deposit David outside the gate then head back inside . David debate follow they back to the gate , realize it will not work . he look at the wall surround the zoo and head off into the darkness . ext 200 night the party ...... guest be now seat at table in a open area right in the zoo between the animal . a formal dinner be be serve as jimmy stewart ( or whatever Hollywood actor-celebrity will do it ) take he place as auctioneer at the podium . jimmy . hi everybody . I be Jimmy Stewart . this lead .to the expect round of applaus jimmy as you all know , the zoo raise money by have a annual auction . we bid on a animal ( more ) 117 jimmy ( co not ) and '' buy " it for the zoo . my wife and I be long time supporter of the L.A. County Zoo . in fact , see that giraffee over there ? everyone turn to see the giraffe . jimmy gloria and I buy he last year . get a real bargain too . we be start off with a bang tonight . we first animal be a African bull elephant . this handsome fellow be on the endangered species list . the minimum open bid be ten thousand . on gage and diana .... at a table with other guest . gage be talk animatedly to several older men in tuxedo while the elephant be auction off . the older women who accompany the man be matronly L.A. society type . they regard diana with curiosity . older man I tell he he 's already kill you with this overager . gage if he try screwing I on this jeb there will not be a second chance . I will not work with he again . and I nil make damn sure nobody else do . older man he will play ball . he 's get to . gage the dollar always talk in the end . always . diana listen but she say nothing . Jimmy Stewart finish '' gell '' the elephant and hold up a koala bear . 118 jimmy now , have we get any taker for this little guy ? he 's cute , he 's soft , he 's nocturnal , own a airline ! the bid start on the koala and be fairly heat . ext zoo wall night David circle around the perimeter of the zoo , look for another way in . there 's none in sight . the sound of the party be get fainter . David 's desperate . the wall 's at least thirty foot high but there 's a occasional brick protrude . he start to scale the wall . ext animal enclosure night 4 % darken corner of the zoo . the light and sound of the party can be see in the distance . David drop over the wall , look to see where he be . it 's a rocky terrain with occasional stand of bamboo . on david .... he make he way down the slope of the enclosure and scale another wall , drop . he take a deep breath , get he bearing . he povv ..... a long slope of grass lead to a low fence . between he and the fence be about two hundred sleeping flamingos . David head dewn the grass quietly but when he 's about halfway , one of the bird wake up , squawk , and all the flamingos start fly in all direction . David run , jump the low wall around the flamingo enclosure and run down the zoo path towards the light of the party . on gage and diana - bet al . wha a woman in blue at they table be bid on the koala . 119 woman in blue ten thousand . jimmy go once , go twice ... sell to the lovely lady in blue . everyone applaud . gage have finish talk to the older man , slip a arm around diana . gage be you cold ? diana no. I be fine . gage do you have a favorite animal ? she nod . in the crowd David can be see inching he way forward . his eye search the sea of face . finally he see ..... diana and gage ... diana lean over and whisper something in gage 's ear . he smile in agreement . he say something and she laugh . they look like a establish couple . gage take she hand in he , look at the ring . diana look happy . settle . on david .... he have he answer . it 's too late . on jimmy stewart ..... ~ and now we come to my personal favorite . the hippo . he 's a little big to bring up here on the podiun . weigh about as much as you average school bus . not cheap to buy or to keep . but a real favorite with the kid who come to the zoo . we will take a open bid at thirty thousand . 120 the audience ..... murmur in surprise . it 's a stiff price tag . silence for a moment . jimmy who would like to open the bid ? I be sure somebody here want a hippo . diana lean over and confer with gage . he raise he hand to bid . gage thirty thousand . this generous bid be reward with applause . jimmy I have thirty thousand . do anyone want to bid thiry - five ? a woman in the audience raise she hand . woman thirty -five . gage forty . a murmur from the crowd . woman forty -five . gage fifty thousand . jimmy fifty thousand ! I have fifty . go once . go twice . David now step forward out of the darkness and into the light . david seventy thousand . everyone turn to see David . diana register shock . gage 121 frown . Jimmy point to David . jimmy I have seventy thousand . gage seventy -five . the audience murmur . this be a lot of money . david eighty . gage ( annoyed ) eighty -five . jimmy eighty - five thousand . I have eighty - five . go once , go twice . all eye be on David . he speak again , he voice clear and even . david a million dollar . the audience gasp . jimmy a million dollar ? David nod he confirmation . jimmy anyone want to top -that bid ? the audience break into stunne laughter . the auctioneer look at gage . gage shake he head no . he 's annoyed but not crazy . moo vos wimmy coe og nme : then young man , I no say you buy yourself a hippo ! everyone applaud . several people come over to shake David 's hand . David cross to diana and gage 's table . she look up at he , unsure what to say . there be tear in she eye . 122 david hello diana . diana I want you to have the money . david I want you to have the hippo . he turn to gage . david ( co not ) she 's always love hippos . she have a stuff hippo when we be in high school . gage look uncomfortable . David pull some papers from he pocket . david the divorce agreement . I understand this be what you want . ( he hand they to diana ) and all I want be for you to be happy . I hope , with all my heart , that this will make you happy . good-bye diana . diana be cry . unable to speak . David touch she arm gently , then go . diana realize that she heart be break . dissolve to : ext gage 's mansion dawn servant be pack the limo with gage 's bag . ext ground dawn diana.sit by the , fountain on a sloping manicure lawn . she 's still in she evening clothes . she 's be up all night . a moment and gage cross the grounds to she . he have not sleep either . he stop beside she but she do not look at he . 123 gage it 's time to go . diana be it ? he reach to take she arm and she pull it back . diana I '' sorry . gage for what ? diana I '' not go . gage you can not be serious . she look up at he , feel stronger as the decision become clearer . diana yes I be . gage I know last night be difficult but - diana I do not love you . gage look down at she , speak gently , try to hide he desperation . eee ee ais gage I x11 make you love I . I can n '' do anything I set my mind to do . diana not this . heat gage let I try , diana . I can give you anything you want . more than you ever dream possible . 124 diana you can not give I what I want most . gage what 's that ? diana David . gage feel the situation spin out of he control as she rise . gage if you go you will regret it the rest of you life . diana if I stay I will regret it the rest of my life . I can not live without he . gage ( anguish ) I can not live without you . diana I be sorry for that . she touch he arm lightly . . diana good-bye . she walk off . gage watch she go . desperate . ' fey eye '' ext santa monica morning a taxi drive by . int taxi same diana sit in back , where : we first see she . diana ( vo ) it 's fine to have money , and the thing that money can buy . but you have to be careful that you do not lese the thing money can not buy . 125 ext santa monica pier the taxi pull up . out step diana . she give the driver he fare and then head slowly , as if in a dream , down to the pier . diana ( vo ) Seven year ago David propose to I on the carousel at the Santa monica pier . I want to go there to remember , and start over . diana cross over the bridge that lead to the pier . closer diana .... as she step onto the pier . the sun break through the cloud , happy voice call out on the beach below . the day be beginning . then ..-.... diana hear something . it 's the music of the carousel . ext carousel santa monica pier morning the carousel start to turn slowly as diana approach . it appear to be empty . she move to the ticket booth and busy a ticket . the merry go round continue to come around . diana prepare to get on . suddenly she see that the carousel be not empty . there 's a man in one of the bocth . david he sit in the exact spot where he propose to diana . he look up as the carousel pass and see diana be it a vision ? he can not believe he eye . she run and get on the meving merry go round and cross through the carve animal . he come from he side to meet she . in a moment she stand before David . they look at each other and then .... diana have I ever tell you I love you ? follow the routine , David shake he head no . 126 diana I do . david still ? diana always . a moment and then he take she in he arm . reverse to see ..... gage .... he 's at the end of the pier , stand by the limo . he follow diana . Music from the carousel drift towards he and hang in the still morning air . he watch David and diana for a long , solitary moment . then he turn and get into the limo . the door close with a click . the limo pull out . on david and diana ..... they hold each other tight as the merry go round go around .... and around .... and around . fade out : whe ek a ete oe