indiana jone and the last crusade screenplay by jeff boam Story by GEORGE luca and menno meyje fade in : ext . desert of the american southwest - day a mountain peak dominate the landscape . title begin . rider on horseback cross the desert . from this distance they appear to be a company of Army cavalry Soldiers . closer angle on the rider reveal only detail of saddle , hoof and uniform . the rider be silhouett against the rise sun as they ride into a ancient cliff pueblo . the officer in command raise he hand halting he troops . officer dis-mount ! rider climb down from they mount ... and only now do we realize that this be a troop of boy scout , all of they about thirteen year of age . the " command Officer " be only they scoutmaster , Mr. Havelock . one of the scout , a pudgy kid name herman , step away from he horse , bend over and puke . the other scout rag on he . first scout herman 's horsesick ! a blond scout , however , befriend herman . he have a thatch of straw - color hair and the no - nonsense expression common to kid whose curiosity and appetite for knowledge exceed what they teach in school . additionally , he have adorn he uniform with a authentic hopi indian woven belt . scoutmaster chap , do not anybody wander off . some of the passageway in here can run for mile . two Boy scout climb up the rocky base of the cliff . int . the passageway - day the two boy head down the passageway . it 's dark , and the temperature drop several degree . spider have build huge web that get catch in the boy ' hair . herman appear very uncertain as to the wisdom of this enterprise , but he 's draw on by he companion 's adventurous curiosity . continued : herman I do not think this be such a good idea . laughter be heard ; the blond scout pull herman forward toward its source . the voice grow louder now as the boy get closer to they source . the light of kerosene lantern dance on the tunnel wall ahead . the boy approach cautiously , careful to stay hide . herman what be it ? this be what they see : four men digging with shovel and pick -ax . they have break into one of the pueblo 's secret chamber ... call " kivas . " the man be rough rider ( he name describe he dress ) , roscoe ( a bowery Boy bully of 14 ) and halfbreed ( with straight black hair that cascade over he shoulder ) . and the fourth man wear a leather waist jacket and brown felt fedora hat . he have he back turn to we , but we would be willing to bet anything that this be indlana jone . however , when the man turn , and he face be illuminate by the lantern 's glow , we be shocked to discover that it be someone else . we will call he fedora . title end . the two boy be mesmerize by what they see . now we realize that the blond scout be actually young indiana jone . fedora Alfred , do you get anything yet ? man nothing . dig in . two of the man stand and look at roscoe who step forward hold a box in he hand . roscoe hey , I have get something ! whoops from the other man . roscoe I get something , garth ! continued : ( 2 ) roscoe rush forward and give fedora the box . fedora step toward a lantern rest on a rock . roscoe I get something ... I get something right here . more whoops from the other man . fedora put the box on the rock next to the lantern . halfbreed push roscoe as he jump with excitement . rough rider step forward to look at the box as fedora open it . roscoe ( more whoops ; then ) oh , look at thatl ( more whoops ) we be richl we be rich ! halfbreed shut up . shut up . fedora take a bejeweled cross from the box and hold it aloft . fedora 's comrade practically salivate at the sight of it . roscoe ( o.s. ) well , we be rich , be not we ? l indy take off he hat and look down at the o.s. action . herman indy ? indy ? what be they do ? Indiana ? Indiana ? indy shhhl fedora blow dust from the Cross , turn it in he hand , silently appraise its beauty ... and its value . he seem aloof from the other ; somehow superior to they . halfbreed hey , we get to find more stuff to bring back . indy stay hide , but be astound by what he see . indy ( hushed ; urgent ) it 's the Cross of coronadol cortes give it to he in 15201 continued : ( 3 ) fedora continue to admire the Cross , then place it on the rock next to its box and the lantern . indy turn back to observe the man . indy that Cross be a important artifact . it belong in a museum . a look of resolve come into indy 's expression , and he turn back toward herman . indy run back and find the other . tell mister Havelock that there be man looting in the cave . herman do not seem to be listen . instead , he watch in wide - eye horror as a snake slither across he lap . indy have he bring the sheriff . indy matter - of - factly pick up the snake and toss it aside . herman gasp . indy it 's only a snake . indy grab herman 's scout scarf and pull he closer . indy do you hear what I say ? herman right . run back . mister Havelock . the sheriff . what , what be you gonna do ? indy I do not know ... I will think of something . indy release the scarf , give herman a pat and herman dash off . indy see the Cross on the rock next to the lantern . as the robber continue to search for additional valuable , indy be able to work he way unseen to within arm 's reach of the Cross ... fedora look over at the man digging in a hole b.g. fedora dig with you hand . indy pick up the Cross . continued : ( 4 ) fedora ( o . S . ) not with you mouth . as fedora stand watch the other man digging , indy put the Cross in he pants and begin to pull himself up a rope hang nearby . as he climb , indy 's foot break a wooden beam , attract the man 's attention . roscoe he 's get we thing ! halfbreed get 'im ! the three robber be so eager to get they hand on indy , they almost knock each other over in the attempt . only fedora be unperturb . he cast a disgust glance in the direction of he flee companions—then set off after indy . ext . the cliff - day indy emerge from the darkness of the pueblo into the brightness of day . he pausesssquint '' shield he eyes_look in all direction . indy mister Havelock ! anybody everybody 's lose but I ! he hear running footstep behind he and dash off . rough rider , halfbreed , and roscoe be quick to appear and run after he . fedora there he isl men ( ad - lib ) let 's go ! let 's get he ! let 's go ! indy jump from one rock to another ; the scout troop horse be below . indy put two finger in he mouth and whistle for he horse , who trot over . indy put the Cross in he belt . indy prepare to jump into the saddle . hesitates . then ... he jump . but the horse move exactly at the wrong moment and indy land flat on he foot in a stand position . the impact send a shock wave up he body that rattles he back tooth . indy stand up and successfully mount he horse . fedora and he men arrive at the roof 's edge in time to see indy climb into the saddle and gallop off . continued : indy hyahl hyah ! roscoe hey ! come back here ! fedora put two finger in he mouth and whistle ... and a vintage truck and automobile come roaring out from behind the pueblo ( drive by two more gang member ) . now we glimpse ... the man in the panama hat the passenger in the car . his face be conceal by the hat 's wide brim . his arm be out the window , however , and we see a olive - color hand protrude from the sleeve of a expensive white linen suit . he gesture to the robber , now in the truck . panama hat come on . get he ! indy spur he mount on to great speed but the auto not only keep pace with he horse ... they begin to squeeze in on it . speed Autos . thunder hoof . rushing wind . Flying dust . indy crouch low and lean forward in the saddle , he heart pound , he adrenalin pump . indy veer off in a new direction—toward a railroad track . ext . a circus train - day the train be barrel down the track . indy ride up beside it . he glance over he shoulder and see the car and truck gain on he . no other choice ... he leap from horse to train . he cling to the side of a boxcar , as halfbreed and rough rider leap from the truck onto the train . halfbreed try to grab indy , but indy leap onto another boxcar . halfbreed run after he but indy leap from the boxcar onto some cover box stack on a flatcar . indy lose he balance but regains it . with halfbreed and rough rider still run after he , indy enter the trap door of ... int . the reptile car - day and find himself crawling on a catwalk suspend from the car 's ceiling . several foot below be numerous vat contain all manner of reptile : alligator , crocodile , giant lizard , etc . continued : then , halfbreed enter through the trap door—followed by rough rider . halfbreed grab hold of indy 's foot , but indy kick at he and he lose he grasp . indy crawl away , toward a open on the opposite side . halfbreed grab at indy 's foot again ; indy roll away and we see large bin of squirming snake . the combine weight of the three people be more than the catwalk be intend for , and the bolt begin to rip from the ceiling . everyone hold they breath , afraid to make another move . too late . several bolt tear free . halfbreed and rough rider scream ... but it 's indy 's end of the catwalk that drop down ... plunging indy to the floor of the car . he land hard , with a splash into a vat of water ... where he find himself eye - to -eye with an— enormous anaconda the head of this snake be so damn big , it look more like a tyrannosaurus rex . indy oh ... indy jump back in horror ... only to land with a squish into the snake vat . indy oh ... oh ... hundred of slippery , squirming snake . indy sink into they . they cover he . engulf he . almost smother he . indy jump out of the side of the vat , freeing himself . indy locate a clean - out door at the bottom of the car and use it to escape . halfbreed , meanwhile , try to open the close window of the car . he groan . rough rider move to assist he . rough rider here , let I . ext . the train - day indy stop , check to see the Cross still lodge in he belt . suddenly he look worried as he frantically reach into he shirt , remove a snake from and toss it away . roscoe appear atop the reptile car and manage to grab indy . indy kick at he . roscoe grab onto the side of the reptile car as indy move on to ... ext . a flatcar - day indy climb over canvas - cover circus equipment . roscoe follow , grab a long stick with a hook on it . he reach forward and trip indy , who fall onto the roof of the rhino boxcar . int . the rhino boxcar - day as a lamp fall from the ceiling with the impact of indy 's fall , hit a huge black rhinoceros . ext . the rhino boxcar - day roscoe grab indy by the ankle and yank he off he foot . the two struggle , roll from side to side , come perilously close to roll right off the edge . thing get even more serious when roscoe pull a knife . in the boxcar below ... the ferocious black rhino be become extremely agitate by the commotion go on atop he cage . finally , he raise he head and thrust he horn through the roof . back to the rooftop as the horn smashes through the wood only inch from indy 's head . indy and roscoe stare at the horn in amazement as they continue to struggle . smash ! the horn come up again '' right between indy'' legs . indy Holy smoke ! indy kick roscoe away . roscoe roll to the edge of the car but keep from fall . indy flip over onto he stomach . ext . the reptile car - day the wooden trap door explode as a bullet be fire from within . the door be push open and halfbreed and rough rider hurry out of the car . ext . the rhino boxcar - day indy get to he feetulook aheaduse a water tank alongside the track directly up ahead . indy get a idea ... in a instant , he calculate he approachumes the distance—and leap for the tank 's water spout . continued : he catch it perfectly ... but he velocity cause the water spout to rotate a full 360 degree . with indy hang on , foot kick , the water spout deposit he back on the train , onto the roof of a stockcar , where he look up to see fedora walk toward he . fedora come on , kid . there 's no way out of this . as indy edge away from fedora , a portion of the stockcar' roof collapse and indy fall through into the car below . int . the stockcar - day indy crash down from above . Dust rise . indy ohhh ! indy 's eye take a moment to adjust to the dark . a bit of sunlight leak in through the crack between the board . then indy see it . at the far end of the boxcar . rising slowly to its foot ... a african lion . the lion roar . the boxcar wall shake . indy gasp . Dust swirl up into the shaft of sunlight . and indy have one more surprise in store : the Cross of cortes have be dislodge from he belt during the fall ... indy glance around , see a coiled lion tamer's whip hang on a nail . he carefully take it down by the handle . the lion see this and growls softly . indy swallow hard and give the whip a try . it unravel awkwardly , its tip fly back and hitting indy in the face ... cutting he chin . the lion growls louder . indy quickly gather up the whip , wet he lip , and try again . this time—success ! the whip crack sharply . the lion bellows and swat the air ... and step back . indy look amaze and delighted . he crack the whip again . the lion back away even more . indy inch forward_bend down ( never take he eye off the lion ) upick up the cross—and step back again , sweat pour down he face . but now ... how to get out ? he look up at the open through which he fall and see fedora looking down at he . fedora extend he hand . fedora toss up the whip . ext . the rooftop of stockcar fedora , assist by halfbreed and rough rider , " reel " indy out of the stockcar as the lion roar and lunge and indy scream . the man , include roscoe , pull indy through the hole in the roof . he stand to face they as rough rider point a gun in he direction . fedora you have get heart , kid . ( indicate Cross ) but that belong to I . indy ( take Cross from he belt ) it belong to coronado . fedora ( overlap ) coronado be dead . and so be all he grandchild . indy this should be in a museum . roscoe now give I thatl roscoe make a grab for the cross—but indy do not let go . a tug -of - war ensue until a snake wiggle out from indy'' shirtsleeve and wrap around roscoe 's hand . roscoe scream bloody murder—releases he grip on the Cross and try to shake off the snake . this be all the opportunity indy need . he leap onto the next car . fedora do not let he get awayl indy swing down to the caboose . he see a sign above the caboose door read " dr . fantasy's magic caboose . " indy Magic ? he glance back at the man and quickly open the door to the caboose , step inside . fedora put out he arm , gesture for the other not to follow indy . fedora hold it . make sure he do not double back . int . the caboose - day which contain the circus magic equipment . indy rush to the rear door of the caboose but can not open it . he hear fedora come , and dive into a magic BOX . fedora okay , kid . out of the box . now . fedora smile confidently and advance toward the box . the box unexpectedly collapse ; all four side flop away ... revealing nothing . indy have completely vanish . fedora be mystify , frustrated and angere . then he feel a breeze at he back . he turn and discover that the caboose door be open . he rush out onto the balcony and see : indy running along the track , turn up a street of modest clapboard house . fedora damn . ext . STREET - SMALL town - day as indy run from the railroad track and approach he house we see the name " jone " paint on the mailbox . indy dad ! int . the house - day indy burst through the front door hold the Cross in he hand . a husky bark as indy run past in search of he father . indy dad ! indy dad ! int . the study - day indy charge in . the study be cluttere with book . picture , chart and map clearly reflect the father 's passion for medieval study . professor henry jone be absorb at he desk . in fact , he be study a very ancient parchment volume which lie open on the desk . the page show a beautifully illuminate picture of what might be a stain - glass window . the sketch incorporate a series of Roman numeral . the Professor be not just study it , he be copying it into he own notebook . continued : we never get to see the professor 's face in this scene . so indy charge in . indy dad ! henry out ! indy it 's important ! henry then wait—count to twenty . indy no , dad . you listen to mak henry ( now he shout ) junior ! no question who be the boss here . indy gulp , he look say " what be I go to do with this guy ? " and obey '' start count , very , very faintly . indy one , two , three , four ... now we see what henry be concentrate on . we see he hand sketching ; then , he hold up one finger . henry in Greek . indy 's reaction : indy ( louder , in Greek ) one ... two ... three ... four ... a ancient car be hear arrive . perhaps indy glimpsis it go past the window . anyway , it stop outside the house . two man sit in the front seat . herman sit in the rear , blowing a trumpet . indy 's reaction : trouble ! henry be just finish the sketch . henry May he who illuminate this ... illuminate I ... int . the front room - day the study door be just close , indy close it behind he ... just as herman come through the front door , still play the trumpet . indy reach for the trumpet , pull it from herman 's mouth . herman continue to spit—right into indy 's face . indy flinch . herman I bring the sheriff . herman mean the sheriff , who now enter the house . indy just the man I want to see ! now , there be five or six of they . sheriff ( interrupt ) all right , son . indy ( overlap ) ... they come after ... I ... sheriff you still get it ? indy well , yes , sir . it 's right here ! indy show the cross , more or less hand it to the sheriff to make he point . the sheriff take it casually . sheriff I be glad to see that ... because the rightful owner of this Cross will not press charge , if you give it back . fedora enter the house , follow by roscoe , rough rider and halfbreed . he politely remove he hat and hold it in he hand . he nod at indy in a friendly manner . sheriff he 's get witness , five or six of they . the sheriff and fedora be in cahoot the sheriff hand the Cross to fedora . roscoe reach in and take it from fedora , then run out the door . roscoe Yahoo ! continued : as roscoe run outside indy sees—through the screen door—the man in the panama hat wait patiently beside the car that be park out front . roscoe approach and give the man the cross—the man hand roscoe some money in exchange . the sheriff tip he hat and leave . sheriff good day . fedora remain behind for a moment . he turn and speak to indy in a ironic man-to - man way . fedora you lose today , kid , but that do not mean you have to like it . then , fedora take off he hat and take a step towards indy . he hold the hat by the crown , and put it on indy 's head , a show of respect and admiration for the boy . the hat block indy 's face . close on the top of the fedora hat the hat brim fill the screen . as the brim tilt up , we see the face of full grown indiana jone . and ... pow !... he 's punch in the face while he arm be pin behind he back . fade in title : " portuguese coast '' 1938 " panama hat small world , Doctor Jones . indy too small for two of we . the man in the panama hat ( year older now ) remove the cross of coronado from indy 's belt . panama hat this be the second time I have have to reclaim my property from you '' indy that belong in a museum— panama hat so do you . ( he move he eyeline ) throw he over the side . the deck of a portuguese cargo ship it 's night . rain pour down . we be in the middle of a violent STORM at sea . thirty - foot wave crash across the deck . the two portuguese sailor ( who have indy 's arm pin behind he back ) propel indy across the deck toward the rail . as they pass a bundle of fuel drum , indy use the two sailor as leverage to kick up he feet and break open the clamp on the metal band that hold the drum together . indy jab he elbow into the stomach of the startle sailor and rush toward the man in the panama hat . panama hat see indy come and hurry toward the ladder that lead up to the bridge . indy withstand the force of wave crash on the deck and make he way to where Panama hat be climb the ladder . he pull he off the ladder from behind the two man fall down on the deck . indy take the cross back from Panama hat . a sailor deliver a powerful blow to indy 's face , send the cross fly out of he grip and skitter across the deck . indy grab a crowbar and fend off two sailor who attack he from the side . indy see that the Cross be about to be sweep overboard . he lunge for it . he snatch up the Cross only to be knock down to the deck by a giant wave . he struggle to he foot , manage to avoid the giant fuel drum slide across the deck around he . several more drum come indy 's way . he sidestep they all . panama hat grab he , he 's get away ! grab he ! indy turn around and pummel two sailor with one punch . indy see a large stevedore 's hook above he and he climb up on crate to reach it . he grab a hold of the hook and use it to swing all the way across the deck , narrowly avoid a huge wave behind he . he jump into the rollick ocean , still hold onto the cross . on the ship , a giant fuel drum roll wildly , fall directly onto a crate of tnt . the crate explode , cause the entire ship to blow , send a enormous orange fireball into the sky . long shot - the boat exploding out of the water as bit of debris fall from the sky like rain . indy bob up in the water amid the debris , hold the Cross in he hand . he grab for something to keep he afloat . it turn out to be one of the ship 's life preserver . indy loop he arm through the preserver . continued : only now do we see the fade lettering on the preserver revealing the destroy ship 's name and city of port : vazquez de coronado barcelona a shredd panama hat float past . ext . college - day student walk along brick , tree -line path . indy ( v.o .) archaeology be ... int . college lecture hall - day dissolve to : indy , dress in professorial tweed , stand before he class . he turn to the blackboard with a piece of chalk and write the word : " fact . " indy ... the search for fact . not truth . if it 's truth you be interested in , Doctor tyree 's philosophy class be right down the hall . laughter . int . corridor - day indy so forget any idea you have get about lose city , exotic travel , and digging up the world . Eve do not follow map to bury treasure and " X " never , ever , mark the spot . marcus brody approach indy 's classroom . he peer through the window in the door to see indy complete he lecture . indy seventy percent of all archaeology be do in the library . Research . reading . int . lecture hall - day brody enter the lecture hall and stand at the rear of the room . continued : indy we can not afford to take mythology at face value . the bell ring . indy stand at he desk as student begin to disperse . a pretty coed put a note on the desk . indy next week : " egyptology . " start with the excavation of naukratis by blinder petrie in 1885 . I will be in my office if anybody 's get any problem for the next hour and a half . brody approach as the last of the student leave the lecture hall . indy Marcus ! ( slap he pocket ) I do it ! brody you have get itl indy remove the cloth - wrap Cross from he desk . he place it on the desk and take off he glass as brody examine the Cross . indy you know how long I have be look for that ?! brody all you life . indy all my life ! brody well do , indy . very well do , indeed this will find a place of honor in we Spanish collection . indy gather up he book and make he way toward the door . indy we can discuss my honorarium over dinner and champagne tonight . he turn back toward brody , now hold the Cross . indy you treat . brody yes . my treat . int . indy'' outer office - day burst with student , all compete for he attention at once : " Professor Jones ! " " Doctor jonesl " etc. , etc . indy shush ! shush ! shushl indy shoulder he way to the desk of he secretary , a overwhelm Teaching Assistant name irene . irene Doctor Jones ! I be so glad you be back ! you mail be on you desk . here be you phone message . male student Doctor Jones , you promise ... Doctor jones— irene this be you appointment schedule . and this term papers still have not be grade . indy take the term papers then turn to enter he private office . student once again clamor for he attention : " Doctor Jones ! " " wait , Doctor jonesl " " my grade ! " " sign my registration card ! " indy silence the mob with a raise hand . indy ( very efficiently ) okay . irene , put everyone 's name on a list , in the order they arrive , and I will see each and every one of they in turn . the student descend upon poor irene , each claim to be first . indy slip into he - private office where he go to he desk and find a thick envelope with a foreign postmark on it . indy ( softly ; read ) " Venice , Italy . " then , indy stuff he mail into he coat pocket , go to the window , slide it open and step out into the garden . ext . side of college build - day indy escape through the garden . ext . front of college build - day indy walk briskly toward the street ; smile , eruoy he freedom . as he arrive at the curb , a long black packard sedan pull up before he . man ( o.s. ) Doctor jonesl three men step out of the sedan . everything about they bespeak " g-man . " the first man step behind indy . man Doctor Jones ? int . penthouse apartment - day indy be ushere into a large Art Deco apartment and leave alone . numerous museum- quality artifact be display around the room . indy take this opportunity to examine they . after a moment , walter donovan enter from across the room . during the brief time that the door be open , we hear a cocktail party go on in the next room : voice and soft piano music . donovan stride across the room toward indy . although in he late fifty , donovan have the broad shoulder and trim physique of a much young man . dress in a tuxedo , he exude both confidence and power . donovan I trust you trip down be comfortable , Doctor Jones . my man do not alarm you , I hope . he shake hand with indy . donovan my name be donovan . walter donovan . indy I know who you be Mr. donovan . you contribution to the museum over the year have be extremely generous . some of the piece in you collection here be very impressive . donovan well , like yourself , Doctor Jones , I have a passion for antiquity . ( beat ) have a look over here . this might interest you . continued : donovan go to a table where a object be wrap in cloth . he throw back the cloth revealing a flat stone tablet—about two foot square , inscribe with letter and symbol . indy look impressed . he put on he glass to make a closer examination . indy well , it 's sandstone . Christian symbol . early Latin text . mid- twelfth century , I should think . donovan that be we assessment as well . indy where do this come from ? donovan my engineer unearth it in the mountain region north of ankara while excavate for copper . ( beat ) can you translate the inscription ? translate the inscription be no easy matter , even for someone as knowledgeable as indy . indy ( stumbling through it ) " ... who drink the water I shall give he , say the Lord , will have a spring inside he welling up for eternal life . let they bring I to you holy mountain in the place where you dwell . donovan pour champagne into several flute glass as indy read . indy across the desert and through the mountain to the Canyon of the Crescent Moon , to the Temple where the cup that '' " suddenly indy stop and look up at donovan with a startle expression . indy " where the cup that hold the blood of Jesus Christ reside forever . " ( cont 'd ) continued : ( 2 ) donovan ( reverently ) the Holy grail , Doctor Jones . the chalice use by Christ during the last Supper . the cup that catch his blood at the crucifixion and be entrust to Joseph of arimathaea . indy rub he chin with a dubious expression as he take the glass of champagne donovan now offer he . indy the Arthur legend . I have hear this bedtime story before . donovan eternal life , Doctor Jones ! the gift of youth to whoever drink from the grail . ( beat ) oh , now that 's a bedtime story I would like to wake up to ! indy a old man 's dream . donovan every man 's dream . ( beat ) include you father 's , I believe . indy stiffen slightly at the mention of he father , nod . indy grail lore be he hobby . he 's a teacher of medieval literature . the one the student hope they do not get . the door open and mrs . donovan step into the room . she 's a matronly woman in a expensive evening gown . mrs . donovan walter , you be neglect we guest . donovan be along in a moment , dear . he lean over and kiss she cheek . mrs. donovan sigh to herself and return to the party . indy , meanwhile , have turn he attention back to the grail Tablet , obviously hook by its archaeological promise . he moisten he finger with champagne and rub it over the tablet . donovan step up next to indy . continued : ( 3 ) donovan hard to resist , be not it ? the Holy grail 's final rest place describe in detail ! indy what good be it ? this grail Tablet speak of desert and mountain and canyon . pretty vague . where do you start look ? maybe if the Tablet be intact , you would have something to go on . but the entire top portion be miss . donovan just the same , a attempt to recover the grail be currently underway . indy have to shake he head at donovan 's apparent lack of judgment . donovan let I tell you another " bedtime story , " Doctor Jones . after the grail be entrust to Joseph of arimathaea , it disappear and be lose for a thousand year before it be find again by three Knights of the first crusade . Three brother , to be exact . indy I have hear this one as well . two of this brother walk out of the desert one hundred and fifty year after have find the grail and begin the long journey back to France . but only one of they make it . and before die of extreme old age , he supposedly impart he tale to a—to a franciscan friar , I think . donovan not " supposedly , " Doctor Jones . donovan produce a ancient leather - bound volume with very brittle page . indy view the manuscript with considerable interest . continued : ( 4 ) donovan this be the manuscript in which the friar chronicle the knight 's story ... it do not reveal on location of the grail , I be afraid ... but the knight promise that two " marker " that have be leave behind would . ( indicate the Tablet ) this Tablet be one of that " marker . " it prove the knight 's story be true . but as you point out—it 's incomplete . ( beat ) now , the second " marker " be entombed with the knight 's dead brother . we project leader believe that tomb to be locate within the city of Venice , Italy . ( beat ) as you can now see , Doctor Jones , we be about to complete a great quest that begin almost two thousand year ago . we be only one step away . indy that 's usually when the ground fall out from underneath you foot . donovan you could be more right than you know . indy yes ? donovan we have hit a snag . we project leader have vanish . along with all he research . uh , we receive a cable from he colleague , Doctor schneider , who have no idea of he whereabouts or what 's become of he . ( beat ) I want you to pick up the trail where he leave off . find the man and you will find the grail . continued : ( 5 ) indy you have get the wrong Jones , mister donovan . why do not you try my father ? donovan ( after a pause ) we already have . you father be the man who 's disappear . ext . a residential STREET - day a ford coupe speed down the tree-line street . ext . professor henry jone ' house - day the Ford coupe pull up in front of the house . indy climb from the car and hurry up the walkway . brody be a step behind . brody you father and I have be friend since time begin . I have watch you grow up , indy . and I have watch the two of you grow apart . ( beat ) I have never see you this concerned about he before . they climb the porch and notice that the front door be ajar . they exchange a quick look of concern as they enter . int . the house - late afternoon indy approach the half - open front door . indy dad ? ( to brody ) he 's a academic a bookworm . he 's not a field man he push open the door . he enter the house and call out . indy dad ? dad ? indy open one half of the curtain divide the hall from the sit room . we see the place have be ransacke . continued : brody see indy 's face and open the other half . brody dear God . they walk into the room . brody what have the old fool get himself into now ? indy I do not know . but whatever it be , he 's in over he head ! brody pick up some mail from Henry 's cluttere desk . indy dad ? brody it 's today 's mail . and it 's be open . indy turn and see the pile of tear papers and envelope . then something hit he . indy mail ! that 's it , Marcus ! he immediately empty he pocket of he own mail take earlier in the day from he college office and find the envelope with the Venice postmark . indy ( as he tear it open ) Venice , Italy ! brody what be it ? indy uncover a small book . it look like a journal or diary . indy flip through it : page after page of handwritten note and drawing . brody glance at it with great curiosity . indy it 's dad 's grail Diary . every clue he ever follow . every discovery he make . a complete record of he search for the Holy grail . this be he whole life . why would he have send this to I ? continued : ( 2 ) brody I do not know . but someone must want it pretty badly . indy do you believe , Marcus ? as indy ask the question , he turn to a painting on the wall : a depiction of Christ on the Cross , he blood be capture in a golden chalice . a second painting on the wall show eleventh century crusader plummete to they death over a high cliff . one crusader , however , float safely in midair because he hold the grail in he hand . indy do you believe the grail actually exist ? brody the search for the Cup of Christ be the search for the divine in all of we . brody see that indy be unsatisfy by this response . brody but if you want fact , indy , I have none to give you . at my age , I be prepare to take a few thing on faith . indy call donovan , Marcus . tell he I will take that ticket to Venice now . brody I will tell he we will take two . ext . airfield - day a limo be park beside a private airliner that bear the donovan corporate logo . brody peer inside to donovan and indy . brody tell I , what 's go to happen when we get to Venice ? donovan ( overlap ) do not worry . Doctor schneider will be there to meet you . continued : brody ( overlap ) schneider ? donovan ( overlap ) I maintain a apartment in Venice , at you disposal . brody oh , well . that 's good . thank you . brody and donovan shake hand . indy step from the back seat of the limo . he turn back to donovan and shake he hand . donovan Doctor Jones . good luck . be very careful . do not trust anvbody . int . airliner - flying - day indy open the grail Diary and thoughtfully turn through the page . he stop at one page and glance at a pencil sketch of what might be a stain - glass window . below the sketch be a series of number . ext . the private airliner - flying - day superimposed over a map that trace a course from New York City to Venice , Italy . dissolve to : ext . venice - boat landing - day indy and brody disembark from the Water Bus onto the Boat landing as other gondolier steer they boat in the water . indy ah , Venice ... brody yes . uh , how will we recognize this Doctor schneider when we see he ? indy I do not know . maybe he will know we . continued : suddenly a woman come up to he . attractive feature . blonde hair . eye that be bright and intelligent . elsa Doctor Jones ? indy yes ? elsa I know it be you '' she look at he with a appraise expression that be brazenly flirtatious . elsa —you have you father 's eye . indy be instantly attract to she . indy and my mother 's ear . but the rest belong to you . elsa look like the best part have already be speak for . indy grin , enjoy the repartee . the woman turn to brody , who tip he hat . elsa Marcus brody ? brody that 's right . the woman , dr . elsa schneider , extend she hand to brody . elsa ( introduce herself ) Doctor elsa schneider . indy 's grin fade . brody register a look of surprise . brody uh ... how do you do ? CUT to : ext . venice canal - day indy , brody and elsa walk along the narrow canal , line with building on either side . continued : elsa the last time I see you father we be in the library . he be very close to tracking down the knight 's tomb . I have never see he so excited . he be as giddy as a schoolboy . indy who ? attila the Professor ? he be never giddy , even when he be a schoolboy ! indy can not take he eye off elsa . perhaps he 's feel a bit like a schoolboy himself right now . as they cross over a bridge to the opposite side of the canal , indy steal a flower from a street vendor . he hold it out to elsa . indy fraulein—will you permit I ? elsa I usually do not . indy I usually do not either . elsa in that case , I permit you . indy give she the flower . indy it would make I very happy . elsa but I be already sad—by tomorrow it will have fade . indy tomorrow I will steal you another . brody ( cut in ) I hate to interrupt you—but the reason we be here '' elsa ( interrupt ) yes . I have something to show you . she hand a slip of paper to indy . continued : ( 2 ) elsa I leave you father work in the library . he send I to the map section to fetch a ancient plan of the city . when I get back to he table—he would gone—with all he papers—except for that scrap which I find near he chair . indy extend the scrap of paper to brody . indy Roman numeral . ext . venice piazza - day elsa lead indy and brody into the large piazza . people walk about and sit at table in front of a large building . elsa here be the library . they have arrive at the front step of the library . indy that do not look much like a library . brody it look like a convert church . elsa lead the way inside . int . the library - day indy , brody and elsa enter , they heel clicking across the marble floor . we notice , along with indy and brody , that the library contain many stain - glass window . elsa in this case it 's the literal truth . we be on holy ground . this column over here ... she indicate four huge marble column that go from floor to ceiling . elsa ... be bring back as spoil of war after the sacking of byzantium during the crusade . continued : indy glance at the column , then notice a stain - Glass window that depict a knight of the crusade . indy linger for a moment in front of the window . elsa now please excuse I . the library 's close in a few moment . I will arrange for we to stay a little longer . the minute elsa be out of earshot . indy Marcus '' I have see this window before . brody where ? indy whip out the grail Diary and open it to the sketch he notice in the airplane . indy right here . in dad 's Diary . you see ? brody glance at the Diary , then at the window—noticing that the Roman numeral in question have be work into the window 's design . brody look , indy . the Roman numeral ! indy dad be onto something here ! brody well , now we know the source of the number , but we still do not know what they mean . indy and brody now see elsa approach . indy quickly tuck the Diary back into he pocket . indy ( explain to brody ) my dad send I this Diary for a reason . until we find out why , I suggest we keep it to ourselves . elsa find something ? indy do not reply . he 's look in five direction at once . his eye move across the wall and ceilings—charged with the thrill of discovery . continued : ( 2 ) brody ( to elsa ) uh , yes . Three , seven and tent that window seem to be the source of the Roman numeral . elsa my God , I must be blind indy dad be not look for a book about the knight 's tomb ... he be look for the tomb itself elsa wear a blank expression . indy do not you get it ? the tomb be somewhere in the library ! you say yourself it use to be a church ! look . indy 's eye travel up one of the four huge marble column . indy Three . indy look again to the stain - glass window . he point . indy Three ! indy have discover that each column be numbered with a Roman numeral . indy hurry away toward column VII . all brody and elsa can do now be try to keep up with he . indy Seven . he point again to the stain - glass window . indy Seven ... ten. he look down to the scrap of paper in he hand . indy and ten . now where 's the ten ? look around for the ten . indy walk past aisle of book - line shelf . he stop , turn , then look down . continued : ( 3 ) indy Three , seven and ten . he climb a spiral staircase lead up to a loft and look down at brody and elsa . the floor beneath they foot be a elaborate tile design contain a huge " X " —visible only from this higher angle . indy ten. ( wryly ; to himself ) " X " mark the spot . indy rush down the staircase and go to the CENTER tile where the two side of the X intersect . he blow dust away from the tile and try to pry it up , but cannot . indy rush past brody to a cordon hold in place by a brass stand underneath the stain - glass window . indy raise the brass stand and timing he action , hit the tile precisely as the librarian stamp a book . the librarian regards the stamper curiously . indy continue to pound at the tile as the librarian resume he stamp , still puzzle by the SOUND echoing through the library . finally indy break the tile . as he bend to remove the piece of break tile , a two - foot square hole be revealed . cold air and a wet , rancid smell escape from the hole . indy bingo . elsa you do not disappoint , Doctor Jones . you be a great deal like you father . indy except he 's lose , and I be not . elsa lower I down . indy be impressed with elsa 's spirit , and cooperate agreeably uhold she by the hand and lowering she into the hole . when she foot finally touch ground below , indy release he grip on she and slip the grail Diary to brody . indy look after this for I , will you ? then indy disappear into the hole . int . catacomb below library - day indy jump down a steep step . he reach back to help elsa . indy come on . indy and elsa glance around . this be really a horrid place . Dark and dank . foul smell . elsa turn . she remove a cigarette lighter with a unique ivory four- leaf clover design . indy and elsa inspect marking carve onto the wall . elsa pagan symbol . fourth or fifth century . indy right . six hundred year before the crusade . elsa the Christians would have dig they own passage and burial chamber century later . indy take the lighter from she and light they way down a dark passageway . indy that 's right . if there 's a knight of the first crusade entombed down here , that 's where we will find he . int . library - day three men carry gun make they way down the spiral staircase toward a unsuspecting brody . one of the Men , kazim , raise he gun and bring it down hard on brody 's head . brody ohhhh . . . kazim gesture with he gun toward the now-unconscious brody . the other two man take brody 's hand and drag he into one of the book -line aisle . int . another part of the catacomb - day decomposing corpse rest in nich carve into the stone wall . grotesque skeletal remain with rotting linen stretch across blacken bone . indy hold the lighter up as he and elsa inspect symbol carve into the wall . continued : elsa spot a symbol cut into the wall that she do not recognize . as she blow away some cobweb : elsa what 's this one ? indy only have to give it a quick glance to know . indy the ark of the covenant . elsa be you sure ? indy ( deadpan ) pretty sure . indy hold the lighter up and he and elsa enter another dark passageway . another part of the catacomb indy step to the wall and run he hand over the stone . he scrape the cobweb away to reveal the roman numeral " X . " indy watch out . elsa now hold the lighter as indy ram he shoulder into the wall . the wall collapse on impact and indy fall through into another room . another room - the catacomb as indy fall through the hole in the wall onto rock surround by bubbling , green , slimy liquid . more skeleton surround he , rest in they carve nich . elsa hold the lighter as she peer in at he through the hole in the wall . indy Petroleum . I could sink a well down here and retire . indy reach up and tear a piece of cloth from one of the skeleton , which break apart and fall into the oil-slick water . indy use the scrap of cloth and a bone to fashion a crude torch , which he then dip into the oily water . indy give I the lighter . another part of the catacomb use the cloth - wrap bone torch to guide they way , indy and elsa come upon a narrow passageway . the water be knee - deep and teeming with rat . thousands of they crawl on one another 's back . squealing . squirm . thrash in the water . indy oh , rat ... elsa gasp as the rat scamper between she leg . indy move forward through the rat-infested water as elsa follow , still gasp in horror . suddenly he slip into a hole . recovering he balance , he reach out to elsa . indy come onl she gasp once again , terrify . indy lift she and carry elsa as he move forward . the catacomb - the hole in the wall kazim and he man step to the open indy make earlier and shine they flashlight through to the rat-infested water . another part of the catacomb more rat-infested water as elsa , now walk again , follow indy through another passageway line with skull and bone . indy reach for a wall to steady himself and inadvertently grab a skeleton . a bone come loose in he hand as rat scurry about and leap at he from all direction . he take a moment to compose himself , then step across the water to elsa 's side . he step into the water , then reach up to help elsa do the same . indy come here . large burial chamber the chamber be flood with black , briny water . indy look . . . in the center of the chamber , jutting up above the water , be what amount to a " island altar " on which several ancient coffins rest . they move toward the altar . continued : indy and elsa begin to inspect the ornately carve coffins like the scholar of antiquity that they be . this be big oak casket hold together by strap of etched brass . indy it must be one of this ... elsa look at the artistry of this carving and the scrollwork . one coffin be elevate above the other . elsa it 's this one . together they begin to push on the lidustrain and groaning until it slide away and bang against the stone platform . inside the coffin lie the decomposed remains of a knight in armor . indy and elsa look in ... elsa gasp . indy this be itl we find it ! look— the engrave on the Shield . it 's the same as on the grail tablet the Shield be the second marker ! indy unfold a piece of paper and hold it over the shield . elsa what 's that ? indy it 's a rub dad make of the grail Tablet . the miss portion of the rub be complete by the shield . elsa just like you father—giddy as a schoolboy . indy laugh . elsa would not it be wonderful if he be here now to see this ? indy ( chuckle ) he never would have make it past the rat ! he hate rat ! he 's scared to death of they ! close - a hand as it light a match . pull back to reveal kazim drop the light match into the oil-slick water . indy and elsa elsa hold the torch . indy look around . listen . something be wrong . and then he see the glow of firelight dance across the catacomb wall . this be follow by thousand of rat fleeing from around the corner of the narrow passageway , stampeding toward elsa and indy '' shrieking and squealing as they approach . the rat literally wash over them—like a rodent tidal wave—in they effort to escape a : huge orange ball of FIRE roaring around the corner hurtle towards themufeed on the oil slick ; consume the oxygen . elsa scream . indy get back ! back against the wall . indy brace he back against the altar and topples the coffin with he foot . it crash against the stone platform and splashes into the water . indy Quick ! under it ! they jump into the water beside the bob , overturn coffin . indy Air pocket ! elsa hesitates . indy literally dunk she and push she underneath . under the coffin elsa surface into the air pocket create by the coffin , sputter and spitting . now indy pop up into the air pocket . he look at elsa—they be both soaking wet . indy do not wander off . continued : elsa what ? indy disappear under the water and swim out from under the coffin . elsa what ? under the water indy swim , look for a escape route . under the coffin the rat be beginning to force they way inside , swim through the water and climb on elsa , who squirm and scream in terror . indy pop back up through the water . indy I think I have find a way out . deep breath . elsa groan . they take a deep breath and both dive under the water . ext . venice piazza - outdoor cafe - day the perfect picture postcard '' St. Mark 's Square and the Grand Canal beyond . Cafe customer be startle to see indy and elsa climb out of the sewer , wet and smelly . indy look around at the postcard - perfect set and smile . indy ( wryly ) ah , venicel indy 's delight , however , be short - live since kazim and two other turkish agent be run towards they with draw gun . he grab elsa by the hand and the two of they run down the dock and leap into a motorboat . int . the motorboat - day indy fire up the engine and pull away from the dock ... but not before a turkish agent jump in with he . elsa grab the wheel and begin to steer the boat while indy and the Turk trade punch . ext . the harbor - day indy 's speedboat bounce across the choppy water head in the direction of the docked steamship . kazim and he man rush to two more speedboat tie to the dock . they chase after indy . indy grapples with the turkish agent . as indy grip he arm , we see a gun in the agent 's hand . it fire . as indy fight with the Turk , he become aware of the speedboat behind he and two enormous Freighter ahead of he , join together by two giant rope . indy , have gain the advantage , lean on top of the turkish agent . indy ( to elsa ) be you crazy ?! you do not go between they ! elsa can barely hear indy over the noise of the motor . elsa go between they ? be you crazy ?! indy finally deliver the punch that send the turkish agent fly overboard . turn , indy see that elsa have commit the speedboat to a course between the two Freighter , now be push even closer together by a tugboat . indy I say go around ! elsa you say go between they ! indy I say do not go between they ! it 's purely academic at this point since the hull of the the two Freighter loom up on either side of they like cavern wall . ext . full shot - the harbor - day one enemy speedboat chase indy between the two Freighter . but the speedboat contain kazim veer off and go around . ext . between the two freighters - day it 's a race for daylight as the two Freighter drift ever closer to one another . indy 's speedboat just manage to squeeze through the gap . but the enemy speedboat explode as it be crush between the two Freighter , flying into the AIR and splashing back down into the water . indy and elsa spin they boat around in a sharp half - circle to see kazim' speedboat appear racing toward they . he stand in the move boat , firing a machine gun at indy and elsa . kazim' speedboat match indy 's move for move . full shot - the harbor the two boat race across the water nearly side - by-side . a chatter machine gun from kazim 's boat splinter the wood of indy 's boat , until finally the rear of the boat catch on FIRE . the machine gun run out of ammunition . kazim put it down and take control of the wheel from one of the turkish Agents in the boat with he . as indy 's boat drift toward the giant , turning propellers at the stern of another steamer , kazim 's boat draw up alongside and hit they . indy step into kazim 's boat . he knock one of the turkish Agents to the deck , then turn he attention to kazim . the two man trade punch as the boat spin helplessly in the churn water . elsa no !! indy kick kazim in the face , knock he into the water , then pull he back into the boat , now be sucked through the churning water toward the steamer 's giant propeller blade . indy why be you try to kill we ? kazim because you be look for the Holy grail . indy my father be look for the Holy grail . do you kill he too ? kazim no. indy where be he ? talk—or you be dead . damn it , tell I ! tell I ! kazim if you do not let go , Doctor Jones , we will both die . continued : indy then we will die . kazim my soul be prepare . how 's yours ? by now half the boat have be chop up into matchwood and the blade be get closer . indy this be you last chance . kazim no , Doctor Jones . it 's yours ! the wind of the blade be on they neck . indy grab kazim just in time and jump ... into the motorboat , drive by elsa , which get alongside in the nick of time . indy all right ! where 's my father kazim if you let I go , I will tell you where he be . indy who be you ? kazim my name be kazim . indy and why be you try to kill I ? kazim the secret of the grail have be safe for a thousand year . and for all that time the Brotherhood of the cruciform sword have be prepare to do anything to keep it safe . kazim pull back he shirt to reveal a birthmark ... or be it a tattoo ? whatever it be , it 's a cruciform sword ; a Christian cross which taper down , like the blade of a broadsword . kazim let I get off at this jetty . the boat be close to the edge of the canal . indy give elsa a nod , tell she to bring the boat in . kazim step ashore . continued : ( 2 ) kazim ask yourself , why do you seek the Cup of Christ ? be it for his glory , or for yours ? indy I do not come for the Cup of Christ . I come to find my father . kazim in that case , God be with you in you quest . you father be be hold in the Castle of brunwald on the austrian - german border . kazim walk away . int . venice apartment - day close on the water - soaked paper impression : the rub take from the shield of the grail knight . brody be give it careful study while he dab the lump on the back of he head with a ice pack . indy how 's the head ? brody it 's better , now I have see this . it 's the name of a city . " alexandretta ? " hmmm ... indy , wear a bathrobe , lean over to study the impression . indy the Knights of the first crusade laid siege to the city of alexandretta for over a year . the entire city be destroy . brody lower the ice pack from he head and look at indy . indy the present city of iskenderun be build on its ruin . marcus— you remember what the grail Tablet say . " across the desert and through the mountain to the Canyon of the Crescent Moon . " ( pause ) but where exactly ? continued : brody you father would know . you father do know . look . he make a map . brody pick up the grail Diary . brody he must have piece it together from clue scattered through the whole history of the grail quest . a map with no name . insert : a pencil -drawn map it cover two page of the Diary . brody 's finger move across it . brody now , he know there be a city with a oasis due east . here . he know the course turn south through the desert to a river , and the river lead into the mountain . here . straight to the canyon . he know everything except where to begin , the name of the city . indy ( solemnly ) alexandretta . now we know . brody yes . now we know . indy ( rise ) Marcus , get hold of sallah . tell he to meet you in iskenderun . indy close the grail Diary and put it into the pocket of he robe . brody what about you ? indy I be go after dad . int . indy'' bedroom - day indy open the door . his bedroom have be ransacke ... the mattress on the floor , the drawer turn out . int . hallway - day indy approach another door ( elsa 's bedroom ) and knock . indy elsa ? he go in . int . elsa's bedroom - day ... and find that elsa 's bedroom be in a similar ransacke state to he own . the room be empty . he be worried for she , knock and call out : indy elsa ? he step into the room and knock upon the bathroom door . indy elsa ? he open the bathroom door , peer inside . indy elsa ? int . elsa's bathroom - day elsa be stand before a mirror , wear a silk bathrobe . she gasp , startle , as indy enter . he retreat back into she bedroom as she reach up to turn off a record player sit on a ledge above the bathtub . int . elsa's bedroom - day elsa join indy , wait in the ransacke room . she look around in shock . elsa my room ! indy mine , too . elsa what be they look for ? she look to indy , who pull the grail Diary from he pocket . indy this . continued : elsa the grail Diary . indy uh-huh . elsa you have it ? you do not trust I ! she look hurt and beautiful . she come closer to he . indy I do not know you . she 's awfully hard to resist . indy at least I let you tag along . elsa oh , yes . give they a flower and they will follow you anywhere . indy knock it off . you be not mad . elsa no ? indy no . you like the way I do thing . elsa it 's lucky I do not do thing the same way . you would still be stand at the Venice pier . she stomp she foot angrily . indy flinch . she start to walk away but indy grab she . indy look , what do you think be go on here ? since I have meet you , I have nearly be incinerate , drown , shot at , and chop into fish bait . we be catch in the middle of something sinister here . my guess be dad find out more than he be look for . and until I be sure , I be go to continue to do thing the way I think they should be do . continued : ( 2 ) he pull she to he and kiss she . elsa how dare you kiss I ! now elsa reach for indy and kiss he . indy leave I alone . I do not like fast woman . but he embrace she , and elsa begin to nibble at he ear . elsa and I hate arrogant man . indy smile slyly as they fall to the bed . ext . venice canal - day a gondolier sing as he steer he gondola carry two passenger past indy 's window . int . indy'' bedroom - day indy lie on top of elsa , kissing she . he stop for a moment as he hear the gondolier singing . indy ahh , Venice . elsa reach up and pull he back down to she . ext . road through the austrian mountain - day a mercede - benz glide through the sharp mountain curve . this be superimposed over a map that chart they course from Venice across Austria toward salzburg . ext . castle in the austrian mountain - day Storm cloud darken the sky . thunder explode in the distance ; lightning flash . the mercede - benz drive into the courtyard of the formidable stone castle . indy what do you know about this place ? elsa I know the brunwald be famous art collector . int . mercede - benz - day indy reach into the back seat and retrieve he bullwhip . elsa what be you go to do ? indy do not know . think of something . he glance up to the beret elsa be wear . she reach up and adjust it . int . castle entrance hall - day a butler walk to the door and open it to reveal indy and elsa stand outside in the rain . she now wear indy 's fedora ; indy be wear elsa 's beret . butler yes ? indy , follow by elsa , step inside , shaking the water from he overcoat . he adopt a Scottish accent . indy and not before time ! do you intend to leave we stand on the doorstep all day ? we be drench ! as indy say this he push he way past the startle butler , pull a handkerchief from the man 's pocket . elsa follow , take off she coat . indy sneeze hard . indy now look ! I have go and catch a sniffle . indy dab at he nose with the handkerchief as elsa look on in amused amazement . butler ( coldly ; with austrian accent ) be you expect ? indy do not take that tone with I , my good man . now buttle off and tell Baron brunwald that Lord clarence macdonald and he lovely assistant be here to view the tapestry . ( cont 'd ) continued : butler tapestry ? indy dear I , the man be dense . this be a castle , be not it ? there be tapestry ? butler this be a castle . and we have many tapestry . but if you be a Scottish lord , then I be mickey mouse . indy how dare he ?! simultaneously knock the butler cold with one slug on the jaw . the butler fall against a wall tapestry , slide down to the floor , out cold . int . castle hallway - day indy and elsa move cautiously and quietly down the wide , vault hallway . approaching voice be heard . indy and elsa creep past a room full of nazi soldier work around a large table with a map atop it .. indy react to the sight of they . indy ( to elsa ; softly ) Nazis . I hate this guy . indy and elsa continue down the hallway . indy carry a gun in he hand and he whip hang from he belt . he step to a close door and listen . indy this one . I think he 's in here . elsa how do you know ? indy point out a electrical wire . indy because it 's wire . he study the situation for a moment , then decide to enter one of the other door . he knock at the door—there be no response . he look back at elsa and enter . int . castle room - day the room be dark and empty . indy throw open the window shutter and look out . rain come down in sheet . there be a wide ledge beneath each window '' but below that be a sheer drop . indy want to get out onto the window ledge , which be several yard away . elsa indy ? indy ? indy reassure she . indy do not worry ... this be kid 's play . I will be right back . he lean out the window and wrap he bullwhip around some wire that protrude from the castle wall above the next window . he give the whip a forceful tug to make certain it will hold he weight . ext . the castle - day indy swing from the window to the stone gargoyle . close on the window ledge a pair of wooden shutter seal the window . indy take hold of the bullwhip with both hand , push off with he foot ... swing toward the shutter window with he foot extend ... crashing through the wooden shutter as a clap of thunder disguise the noise . int . the room - day indy crash through shutter and glass into the room . the break shutter hang by they hinge . rain and cold air whip through the open window . no sooner do indy get to he foot , than a vase come crashing down on the back of he head . stun , indy sink to one knee ... and indy 's father , professor henry jone , step out of the shadow . henry junior ? indy get to he foot . indy ( a reflex ) yes , sirl continued : this reply be a kneejerk reaction on indy 's part . now they look at each other . henry it be you junior ! indy ( a old familiar irritation ) do not call I that , please . henry ( amaze ) but what be you do here ? indy I come to get you ! what do you think ? nazi voice be heard approach . indy and henry press themselves against the wall , Henry still hold the break vase in he hand . indy step to the window and look down . henry move to a lamp , hold the vase under the light for a closer look . henry ( sotto , mumble ) late fourteenth century , ming dynasty . henry be all about the break vase which he still hold in he hand . Father and son get onto cross line for a couple of moment . henry oh , it break the heart . indy ( quietly to himself ) and the head . ( to henry , aggrievedly ) you hit I , dad ! henry ( refer to the vase ) I will never forgive myself '' indy ( surprised , misunderstanding ) do not worry '' I be fine . henry thank God ! continued : ( 2 ) henry have clearly be concentrate entirely on the vase ... he be examine the break end carefully . henry ... it 's fake . see , you can tell by the cross section . henry throw the vase against the wall where it shatter . indy no ! dad , get you stuff . we have get to get out of here . henry well , I be sorry about you head , though . but I think you be one of they . indy dad , they come in through the door . henry ( laugh ) good point . indy step to the door and stand , listen . henry but better safe than sorry . henry slide he umbrella through the strap of he bag . henry humpf—so I be wrong this time . but by God , I be not wrong when I mail you my Diary . you obviously get it . indy I get it and I use it . we find the entrance to the catacomb . henry ( excited ) through the library ? indy right . henry I know it . and the tomb of Sir Richard ? continued : ( 3 ) indy nod . indy found it . henry ( breathless ) he be actually there ? you see he ? indy well , what be leave of he . henry ( tremble with anticipation ) and he shield ... the inscription on Sir Richard 's shield ...? indy alexandretta. ( beat ) it 's a great moment in henry 's life . he turn aside , lose to himself for a moment , then turn to indy with joy . henry alexandretta ... of course ... on the pilgrim trail from the Eastern Empire . oh , junior ... indy wince , and would interrupt but suddenly it 's not the moment . henry ... you do it . indy no , dad . you do . forty year . henry if only I could have be with you . indy there be rat , dad . henry rat ? indy yeah . big one . what do the Nazis want with you dad ? henry they want my diary . continued : ( 4 ) indy ( interested ) yeah ? indy 's interest be a moment which become important later but for now it pass . henry I know I have to get that book as far away from I as I possibly could . indy 's hand move unconsciously to he pocket . his eye turn inward . indy ( thoughtfully ) yeah . . . then ... bami the door be kick open and three nazis enter . one be a s.s. officer . the other two be soldier with machine gun . henry and indy raise they hand . s.s. officer Doctor Jones !! henry &amp ; indy yes !! s.s. officer I will take the book now . indy / henry ( simultaneously ) what book ? s.s. officer ( to indy ) you have the Diary in you pocket . henry laugh genuinely , believe himself to be laugh at the expense of the s.s. officer . henry you doltl do you think that my son would be that stupid that he would bring my Diary all the way back here ? at which point a awful think strike henry . henry you do not , do you ? ( a beat ) you do not bring it , do you ? continued : ( 5 ) indy well , uh ... henry you do !! indy look , can we discuss this later ? henry I should have mail it to the marx Brothers . indy ( overlap ) will you take it easy ....! henry take it easy ?! why do you think I send it home in the first place ? ( point towards the nazis ) so it would not fall into they hand !! indy I come here to save you . henry oh yeah ? and who 's gonna come to save you , junior ?? indy 's eye blaze his nostril flare he 's so piss off , he literally rip a machine gun from the hand of one of the startle soldier ... and for a moment we think he 's go to use it on he dad . indy I tell you -- he turn and spray the room with machine gun fire , cut all three nazis to ribbon and blow they backwards across the room . indy -- do not call I junior ! henry look shocked and horrify . henry look what you do !! indy grab he and push he ahead . henry ( aghast ) I can not believe what you just .... int . castle hallway - day indy lead henry down the hallway as he search for elsa . indy elsa ? elsa ? he open a door and enter : int . first castle room - day indy and henry rush back into the room where elsa have be leave , only to find : a Nazi colonel holding elsa hostage . his name be vogel : a vicious -look , lantern jaw brute . one arm be wrap around elsa 's waist , the other hand press the muzzle of a luger behind she ear . vogel that 's far enough put down the gun , Doctor Jones . put down the gun or the fraulein die . henry but she 's one of they ! elsa indy , please ! henry she 's a Nazi ! indy what ?! indy be throw . he do not know what to do . he look at elsa , then back to he father . everyone be yell at once : henry trust I ! elsa indy , no ! vogel I will kill she ! henry oh yeah ? go ahead ! indy no! do not shoot ! continued : henry ( to indy ) do not worry . he will not . elsa indy , please ! do what he say ! henry and do not listen to she ! vogel enough ! she diesl vogel jam the barrel of the luger painfully into elsa 's neck . elsa scream . indy wait ! waitl and then indy give in . he drop the machine gun to the table and it slide across , shatter glass . henry groans audibly . vogel release he grip on elsa and shove she toward indy . she be propel directly into he arm . he hold she tightly . she bury she face in he chest . elsa I be sorry . indy comfort she . indy no , do not be . her hand slip into he coat pocket and remove the grail Diary . elsa but you should have listen to you father . she step back next to vogel . indy be stunne . henry give he he most wither look of reprimand . int . baronial room - day a large baronial room decorate with ancient tapestry and suit of armor . firelight—from the giant fireplaceudances across the ceiling and wall . indy and henry be ushere in , hand tie behind back , accompany by vogel and elsa and two nazi guard . elsa cross the room toward a high - back chair face the fireplace . indy and henry do not have the advantage of see who be sit in that chair . they only see a hand reach out and take the book . continued : indy ( quietly to henry ) she ransacke she own room and I fall for it . how do you know she be a Nazi ? henry umh ? indy how do you she be a Nazi ? henry she talk in she sleep . indy nod , and then the statement catch up with he . he look at henry with surprise . henry I do not trust she . why do you ? man in chair because he do not take my advice . the man in the chair get to he foot and turn , revealing himself to be ... walter donovan . indy and henry react with stunne expression . indy donovan donovan do not I warn you not to trust anybody , Doctor Jones ? donovan smile benignly and flip through the grail Diary . henry I misjudge you walter '' I know you would sell you mother for a etruscan vase . but I do not know you would sell you country and you soul to the slime of humanity . donovan ( suddenly erupting ) Doctor schneider there be page tear out of thisl elsa rush to donovan 's side . she take the grail Diary from he . elsa take a look for herself—then glance up at indy . continued : ( 2 ) elsa this book contain a map—a map with no names—precise direction from the unknown city to the secret Canyon of the Crescent Moon . indy so it do . donovan where be this miss page ? this map we must have this page back henry give indy a look of surprise . indy smirk . elsa ( to donovan ) you be waste you breath . he will not tell we . and he do not have to ... it 's perfectly obvious where the page be ... ( look at indy ) ... he 's give they to Marcus brody . henry now wear a pain expression . henry ( to indy ) Marcus ?! you do not drag poor Marcus along , do you ? he 's not up to the challenge . donovan he stick out like a sore thumb . we will find he . indy the hell you will . he 's get a two - day head - start on you , which be more than he need . ( beat ) brody 's get friend in every town and village from here to the Sudan . he speak a dozen language , know every local custom . he will blend in . disappear . you will never see he again . with any luck , he 's get the grail already . henry look amaze and impressed . ext . train station - CITY of iskenderun - day brody disembark from the train along with the other passengers , a cross - section of arab and tusk . brody do anyone here speak English ? or even ancient Greek ? a man in the crowd hold out a cup of water to brody . brody no water , no thank you . no , fish make love in it . brody continue through the crowd past various STREET vendor . a woman hold a chicken out to he . brody thank you so much . no , I do not like that . no , I really do not want ... no , no , thank you very much . no , thank you , madam . I be a vegetarian . the woman walk away , leave brody alone in the crowd . brody do anyone understand a word I be say here ? sallah shoulder he way through the mob toward brody . sallah mister brodyl they meet and hug , then begin to walk . brody oh , sallahl what a relief ! sallah ( laugh ) Marcus brody , sir . and where be indy ? brody ( overlap ) oh , he 's in Austria . a slight detour . sallah you be on you own ? a woman run in and tug on brody 's coat . he wave she away . continued : brody yes , but do not panic . everything 's under control . have you . . .have you arrange we supplies ? sallah oh , yes , of course . but where be we go ? brody oh , this map will show you . it be draw by , uh ... brody search in he coat pocket for the map as a sinister man approach . sinister man mister brody ? brody put the map back in he pocket . the sinister man click he heel and bow quickly . sinister man welcome to iskenderun . the director of the Museum of antiquity have send a car for you . brody take off he hat . brody oh , what ?... you servant , sir . sallah and I be he . sinister man follow I , please . the man turn and join a second man . brody and sallah follow they . brody my reputation precede I . sallah there be no museum in iskenderun . the second man overhear sallah . he and he companion turn quickly . second man paper please . sallah paper ? ( laugh ) of course . continued : ( 2 ) sallah put brody 's luggage down and glance at brody . sallah run . brody do not run . sallah pat he clothing , search for he papers . brody yes . sallah paper , sir . get it here . sallah laugh and pull out a newspaper . sallah just finish read it myself . ( laugh ; then , to brody ) run ! brody look confuse . sallah show the newspaper to the second man . brody yes . sallah egyptian mail . Morning edition . ( to brody ) run ! brody do you say ...? uh , uh ... sallah put the newspaper in front of the second man 's face , then punch he through the newspaper . sallah run ! the second man fall , knock over a vendor 's stand . sallah and brody begin to run . sallah knock the first man into another vendor 's stand . the stand collapse on impact . sallah grab brody and pull he through the crowded street . sallah ( to brody ; point ) okay , okay , quick , quick , quickl hide in that doorl hide in that door ! sallah point to a darkened doorway , hang with a curtain , at the top of a ramp . brody run up the ramp , throw back the curtain and disappear into the darkness . continued : ( 3 ) then—metal door be slammed behind brody and we realize that he have actually run into the back of a Nazi troop truck . sallah run after the truck until he reach a wall , then lean against the wall dejectedly as the truck drive away with brody inside . int . castle room - day the room be dark . ancient , floor- length drape cover the window . a huge fireplace that 's nearly large enough for a man to stand upright in dominate one wall . the nazi guard have tie indy and henry back - to- back in a pair of chair . elsa and donovan stand over they . vogel enter . henry intolerable . vogel Doctor schneider . message from Berlin . you must return immediately : a rally at the Institute of Aryan Culture . elsa so ? vogel you presence on the platform be request ... at the high level . elsa thank you , herr Oberst . ( to donovan ) I will meet you at iskenderun . donovan take this Diary to the Reich Museum in Berlin . it will show they we progress , ahead of schedule . without a map , I be afraid it 's no better than a souvenir . he hand she the grail Diary . vogel ( to donovan , meaning indy and Henry ) let I kill they now . continued : elsa no . if we fail to recover the page from brody , we will need they alive . donovan ( to vogel , with a helpless shrug ) always do what the doctor order . donovan lead vogel out . the nazi guard follow . once they be go , elsa turn to indy . elsa do not look at I like that—we both want the grail , I would have do anything to get it . you would have do the same . indy shake he head " no . " indy I be sorry you think so . she run she hand down the side of he face . indy pull away . indy and henry be still tie back - to- back of course . elsa bend to speak quietly into indy 's ear ... which be near enough to Henry 's ear . elsa ( whisper ) I can not forget ... how wonderful it be . henry thank you . it be rather wonderful . she smile and kiss indy passionately . henry glance back and look rather disappointed . vogel appear to remind elsa of she appointment . vogel Doctor schneider ! you car be wait . elsa ( to indy , after finish the kiss ) that 's how austrian say goodbye . elsa exit . vogel stay behind for another moment . continued : ( 2 ) vogel and this be how we say goodbye in Germany , Doctor Jones . vogel punch indy in the jaw . a hard and vicious jab that snap indy 's head around . henry ohh . . . vogel exit . indy shake he head clear . indy ( to himself ) ooooh ... I like the austrian way better . henry so do I . indy let 's try and get this rope loose . we have get to get to Marcus before the Nazis do ! henry ( confuse ) you say he have two day ' start . that he would blend in . disappear ! indy be you kid ?— I make that up ! you know marcus—he get lose once in he own museum ! indy and Henry be pull at the rope with great urgency . indy can you try and reach into my leave jacket pocket ? henry be able to wiggle he hand towards indy 's coat pocket . indy squirm he body around towards Henry 's hand . henry what be I look for ? indy my lucky charm . henry feel like a cigarette lighter . continued : ( 3 ) indy try and burn through the rope . henry 's finger open the lighter and ignite the flame . henry very good . henry yelp as the cigarette lighter burn he hand . he drop the lighter to the floor . Henry kick at the lighter , try to reach it , but cannot . the rug start to burn . indy do not know it yet . henry I ought to tell you something . indy do not get sentimental now dad— save it ' till we get out of here . henry the floor 's on fire ! see ?! indy ( turn and see ) what ??? henry and the chair . indy all right , movel move ! rock you chair . do what I do . they begin to rock they chair leg , inching they way off the burn carpet . ext . castle - day as elsa be drive away . vogel and donovan remain behind , flanke by nazi soldier . another car pull up and vogel hold the door open for donovan who get into the rear seat . a lieutenant approach with a write message for donovan . lieutenant etwas wichtig , mein herr . donovan put on he glass to read the message . donovan well , we have Marcus brody . but more important , we have the map . a radio operator step forward with yet another write message for donovan . continued : radio operator aus Berlin , mein herr . donovan ( read ) " by the personal command of the fuhrer . secrecy essential to success . eliminate the american conspirator . " ( to vogel ) Germany have declare war on the Jones boy . ( to driver ) Los fahren . the car drive off . int . castle room - day indy and henry be still in they chair , tie back - to- back . indy try to communicate with Henry , but each time he call he , the man turn they head in opposite direction . indy dad ! henry what ? indy dad ! henry what ? indy dad ! finally they turn they head in the same direction . henry what ? indy head for the fireplace ! henry oh. banging , rocking and hopping they chair , they work they way into the fireplace '' the only safe place from the now roaring FIRE . continued : indy I think I can get this rope off . indy struggle to free he hand . his foot kick out and accidentally hit a metal grill that operate a secret door . indy whoopsl the fireplace floor rotate like a lazy Susan and indy and he father find themselves in the : int . radio room - day where a nazi radioman wear headphone sit at a elaborate panel of dial , switch and meter , and a woman stand over a map plotting coordinate . they back be turn to indy and henry . the floor begin to rotate again , and indy and henry find themselves back in : int . castle room - day inside the fireplace , still tie back - to-back . henry we situation have not improve . indy glance over he shoulder at henry . indy listen dad ... I be almost free . indy 's foot hit the grill again ... and the fireplace rotate to : int . radio room - day four nazi radiomen and the woman be still hard at work with control and coordinate . suddenly the woman look up and spot henry and indy . she scream . woman alarm ! now the radiomen turn to see henry and indy . woman schnel !! two nazis draw they revolver and FIRE several shot at indy and henry int . castle room - dawn indy and henry rotate into the room which be now a inferno . the carpet , drape and furniture be all ablaze . henry this be intolerable ! indy I be out , dad ! indy finally break free . and he immediately begin to untie he father . henry well do , boy ! int . radio room - day all four radiomen now have they gun draw . they activate the lever and begin to rotate through the secret door . int . castle room - day the radiomen appear in the fireplace on the other side—but there be no sign of indy and henry . the radiomen move cautiously toward the flame , shield they face with one hand , hold they gun with the other . be it possible that indy and henry escape through this flame ? not a chance . they have hide themselves up the chimney . and now they drop down , behind the radiomen . one of the radiomen grab indy by the neck . as they struggle they fall against the rotate wall and disappear into the next room , leave a frighten henry behind . henry press against the wall , which rotate again . as he disappear into the next room , a dead nazi radioman swivel into the room . the other nazis rush forward to he . int . radio room - day indy pick up a bust of hitler and use it to jam the rotate wall in place , sealing the nazis inside the burn room . int . castle hallway - day Vogel stride purposefully down the hallway . he bark a order , and two more nazis fall into step with he . int . radio room - day indy grab he whip , he leather sack and Henry 's case from a table . he hand the case to henry and they begin to run . indy come on dad . int . secret room - day indy and henry step into a empty room . indy Dead end . henry look horrify by what he 's be force to do as indy search frantically for a exit . indy there 's get to be a ... a secret door around . a passageway or something . indy begin to run he hand over the walls—frantic . henry I find that if I just sit down and think ... henry sit on a chair which tip back , hit the wall behind it . the floor at indy 's foot suddenly begin dropping awayi indy grab a railing to keep from fall , but lose he grip and plunge through the open which have form a spiral staircase . he roll down the stair . indy dad ! henry ... the solution present itself . henry follow indy down the staircase . int . cavern / underground harbor - day the stairway deposit indy and Henry into a enormous watery cavern beneath the mountain on which the castle be build . a full - scale Nazi boat dock have be build inside the cavern . we see motorboat , gunboat , supply boat , etc . indy great . more boat . continued : indy board one of the motorboat and start the motor . henry would you say this have be just another typical day for you ? huh ? henry toss he case at indy who catch it and angrily throw it back to he father . indy ( ironically ) ooofl no ! it 's be better than most . indy move back to the dock and push the boat away . henry look confuse . indy come on , dad . come onl henry what about the boat ? we be not go on the boat ? int . secret room - day vogel and the nazi soldier enter the room and spot the spiral staircase lead below . they quickly descend the stair . int . cavern / underground harbor - day as vogel and the nazi soldier rush to the dock . Vogel see that a motorboat be miss . he order the Nazi Soldiers into a boat . vogel sie alle in Boat . schnell ! camera pull back to reveal a large box which suddenly break apart as indy , now on a motorbike with henry in the sidecar , roar past the dock , hit two nazi soldier who scream as they fall into the river . vogel scream after indy and henry as they drive off . straight CUT to : ext . country road - day indy look pleased as he drive the motorbike along the road , but henry appear worried . indy ha ! four nazi soldier on motorcycle they chase down the road after indy and henry . indy turn the motorbike down a smaller , dusty tree -line road . henry gasp as he be jostle about in the sidecar . one of the nazi soldier give chase along a higher road run in the same direction . ext . road barricade - day indy approach the barricade from one direction as one of the nazi soldier approach from a higher road . a guard step from the road station and call to the vehicle as indy and henry smash through the barricade . guard halt ! halt ! the nazi soldier ride he motorcycle through the other side of the barrier -- it shatter . indy and henry indy grab at a flagpole as they roar past—it snap off in he hand . the nazi soldier drive he motorcycle toward indy and henry . he unshoulder he machine gun . indy use the break flagpole as a lance and knock the nazi soldier from he motorcycle . the riderless motorcycle drive on toward the other nazi soldier now approach the guardhouse , colliding with two of they . the remain nazi soldier maneuver he motorcycle around he fall comrade and continue the chase . indy and henry as the remain nazi soldier ride alongside they motorbike he cock he gun , prepare to fire . indy quickly jam the remain portion of the flagpole through the spoke of the Nazi 's front wheel . the nazi soldier' motorcycle flip three time , throw he high into the air . continued : indy glance back and smile , but the smile fade as he look forward again to see a sign at a crossroad . arrow point in opposite direction indicate the way to berlin or venedig . indy start down the road mark venedig . henry stop ! indy what ? henry stop ! stop ! the motorbike skid to a stop . henry you be go the wrong Way ! we have to get to Berlin ! indy ( point towards venedig ) brody 's this way . henry my Diary 's in Berlin . indy you do not need the Diary , dad . Marcus have the map . henry there be more in the Diary than just the map . indy all right dad—tell I . henry well , he who find the grail must face the final challenge . indy what final challenge ? henry Three device of such lethal cun . indy booby trap ? continued : ( 2 ) henry oh , yes . but I find the clue that will safely take we through , in the chronicle of St. anselm . indy but what be they ? can not you remember ? henry I write they down in my Diary so that I would not have to remember indy half the german Army 's on we tail and you want I to go to Berlin ? into the lion 's de ? henry yes ! the only thing that matter be the grail . indy what about Marcus ? henry Marcus would agree with I . indy two selfless martyr . Jesus christl henry slap he across the face . indy be rock to he foundation , not by any mean entirely by the blow itself . henry that 's for blasphemy . the quest for the grail be not archaeology . it 's a race against evil . if it be capture by the Nazis , the army of darkness will march all over the face of the earth . do you understand I ? indy this be a obsession dad . I never understand it . never . neither do Mom . henry oh yes , she do . only too well . unfortunately she keep she illness from I until all I could do be mourn she . ext . crossroad - day arrow point in opposite direction to venice and berlin . the camera move in on the portion of the sign read berlin . ext . CITY square - berlin - night a Nazi rally—a book - burn be in process . the mound of burn book be ten foot tall and grow by the minute as College student and Nazi brownshirt continually toss more book onto the fire . flag , banner and standard display the swastika be wave rhythmically from side to side in a motion that echoe the mount frenzy of the enormous crowd . indy and henry walk toward the Square . indy wear the uniform of a Nazi soldier . he be now buttone up the tunic—which happen to be several size too big . henry my boy , we be pilgrim in a unholy land . then ... indy see something that make he stop in he track . we pan along he line of sight to : the podium where high -ranking officer of the third Reich stand flanking adolf hitler as they oversee the rally . another angle elsa be walk away in a open area , background of torch , vehicle , Nazi officer ... one of whom be now none other than indy , come up to she before she know he be there . his voice be quiet and tough , he eye hard . indy fraulein Doctor . where be it ? still startle , she reaction make it clear that indy be even now a lover in she thought . elsa how do you get here ? indy where be it ? I want it . indy push elsa against a column and begin to search she clothing for the Diary . he pull the book from elsa 's pocket . continued : elsa you come back for the book ? whv ? indy my father do not want it incinerate . she understand he . it 's as though he slap she . elsa be that what you think of I ? I believe in the grail , not the swastika . indy ( vicious ) yet you stand up to be count with the enemy of everything the grail stand for—who give a damn what you think ? elsa ( hard and fast ) you do . now it 's as though she would slap he back . his hand fly to she neck . indy all I have to do be squeeze . elsa all I have to do be scream . it 's a standoff emotionally . he know he would never do it . she know it too . and the same go for scream . indy release she and back away . she look at he with a lover 's pain . he move over to henry . indy I have get it . let 's get the hell out of here . they move off and almost run headlong into hitler and he entire entourage come down from the podium . 50 kid push they autograph book for Hitler 's signature . hitler pause to sign they . Hitler look indy 's way . they make eye contact . it only last a moment but the moment be electric . hitler break the spell by take the grail Diary from he , open it to the first page and sign he autograph . he hand it back and move on . ext . airfield - berlin , germany - day indy 's motorcycle pull up to the main terminal . int . terminal build - day a plainclothes agent distribute leaflet bear henry's picture to Nazi Soldiers inside the terminal . henry lean in a doorway read a newspaper as indy enter down the stair and tap Henry 's shoulder . they begin to walk toward the board gate . henry what do you get ? indy I do not know . the first available flight out of Germany . henry good . indy and henry show they papers to the board Guards , then join the line of passenger , which have already begin to move toward a : moored zeppelin ten storey tall and longer than two football field : Flying in the grand tradition ! int . the zeppelin - passenger compartment - day the Zeppelin be about to take off . indy and henry make themselves comfortable in one of the compartment . indy well , we make it . henry look over he newspaper at indy . henry when we be airborne , with Germany behind we , then I will share that sentiment . indy relax . but indy look out the window and be suddenly concerned when he see : vogel and a gestapo agent rush across the tarmac toward the Zeppelin . vogel nicht zumachen ! wir steigen ein ! indy sit back in he chair , look to henry , now read he newspaper . a steward enter and set a bowl of nut on the table in front of indy and henry , then continue down the aisle of passenger . indy follow after the steward . he put he arm around the steward 's shoulder and together they walk up a flight of stair . vogel now walk up the aisle . he approach a male passenger hide behind a newspaper . vogel use he walk stick to lower the newspaper and show the passenger the leaflet with Henry 's photograph . vogel haben sie disen Mann gesehen ? the passenger at the table shake they head in the negative . vogel show the picture to other passenger . female passenger nein . indy ( o.s. ) fahrscheine , bitte . male passenger nein . vogel turn to see : indy wearing the hat and jacket of the chief steward . male passenger ( o.s. ) ich habe ihn night gesehen . indy ticket please . the passenger do not react to the request , make in English . indy fahrscheine meine Dame . bitte . vogel approach henry , still hide behind he newspaper . again , vogel use he walk stick to lower the paper , revealing Henry 's face . vogel gute tag , herr Jones . now indy , still play the role of steward , ask vogel for he ticket . indy fahrscheine meine herr . vogel weg . indy ticket please . henry look confuse . vogel ( in german ) be ? vogel glance up and recognize indy '' who quickly punch Vogel in the face , knock he toward the window . in another quick move , indy toss he out the window onto the tarmac below . shock passenger blink in bewilderment . indy ( in german ; with a shrug ) no ticket . everyone else with a ticket quickly produce it and wave it in indy 's face . ext . airfield tarmac - day vogel get to he knee as the huge Zeppelin rise into the sky above he , revealing a airplane attach to the belly of the airship . Vogel shake he fist at the rise Zeppelin . vogel du wirst nochmal boren von mir ! int . zeppelin - day indy and henry together again in they compartment . henry you know , share you adventure be a interesting experience . continued : indy ( meaning elsa ) that 's not all we share . it 's disgraceful . you be old enough to be she fa - -- er , she grandfather ! henry well , I be as human as the next man . indy I be the next man . henry ( laugh ) ship that pass in the night ... henry open he Diary and begin to thumb through it . indy do you remember the last time we have a quiet drink ? I have a milk shake . henry hmmm ... what do we talk about ? indy we do not talk . we never talk . henry and do I detect a rebuke ? indy a regret . it be just the two of we , dad . it be a lonely way to grow up . for you , too . if you have be a ordinary , average father like the other guy ' dad , you would have understand that . henry actually , I be a wonderful father . indy when ? henry look up from he Diary . henry do I ever tell you to eat up ? go to bed ? wash you ear ? do you homework ? no . I respected you privacy and I teach you self - reliance . continued : ( 2 ) indy what you teach I be that I be less important to you than people who have be dead for five hundred year in another country . and I learn it so well that we have hardly speak for twenty year . henry you leave just when you be become interesting . indy dad , how can you --? henry ( interrupt ) very well . I be here now . he close the Diary and lean back in he seat . henry what do you want to talk about ? hmmm ? indy stutter uncomfortably as henry stare at he , wait for a response . indy ( laugh ) well ... I can not think of anything . henry then what be you complain about ? ( laugh ) look , we have work to do . when we get to alexandretta we will face three challenge . ( he read from the Diary ) " first , the breath of God . only the penitent man will pass . second , the Word of God , only in the footstep of God will he proceed . third , the path of God , only in the leap from the lion 's head will he prove he worth . " indy what do that mean ? henry ( laugh ) I do not know . we will find out . continued : ( 3 ) sunlight fall across the table from the window . indy reach for the drink . the bar of sunlight turn like the hand of a clock over the tabletop across the drink . we see indy puzzle . only for a moment . indy they be turn around . they be take we back to Germany . int . framework of zeppelin - day indy and he father emerge from the hatchway into the belly of the Zeppelin . the Zeppelin 's elaborate metal framework be expose . indy and henry hurry down the catwalk until arrive at a pair of doorway frame into the Zeppelin 's outer skin . indy well , I think it would take they a lot longer to figure out the radio be dead . come on , dad . move ! then indy open the door . we see plenty of blue sky and white cloud . we also see a small biplane that be suspend from the Zeppelin by a hook &amp ; crane device . indy come on , dad . come on ! ext . airplane - day indy climb into the cockpit of the biplane as henry take the tail gunner 's seat . henry ( with delight ) I do not know you could fly a plane . indy fly --y . land--no. int . the biplane - day indy turn in he seat to give henry the " thumb up . " Henry smile valiantly and point down to the ground . then they both become aware of a strange SOUND in the sky behind they . something between a roar and a wail . two messerschmidt fighter bomber streak out of the cloud and race across the sky . indy and henry shrink in they seat as the messerschmide ( go three time as fast as they be ) scream past on either side . indy dad , you be gonna have to use the machine gun . get it ready . henry turn and grip the mounted machine gun with a perplex expression . indy ( turn ; point ) eleven o'clock ! henry pull out he watch . indy dad—eleven o'clock !! henry what happen at eleven o'clock ? indy use he arm to demonstrate that he 's refer to a direction and not a time . indy ( frustrated ) twelve—eleven—ten . eleven o'clock . Fire ! henry does—and the exploding gun nearly shake he out of he seat . indy 's slow speed and small size work to he advantage . the speed messerschmidt continually overshoot he , whizzing past in a blurkmake wide turn mile away in the sky . henry have one of the messerschmidt in he sight . he pull back on the trigger -- ratta -a-tat -tat ! ratta-a-tat-tat ! the messerschmidt bank to the leave , but henry keep it in he gun sight . Henry swing the gun around , inadvertently cutting he own rear stabilizer in half . indy dad , be we hit ?! henry more or less . continued : henry Son , I be sorry . they get we . indy look back at the miss tail section , then at he father . the plane begin to go down . indy struggle to control its descent . indy hang on , dad we be go in ! henry slump down fearfully in he seat . ext . a field - day the wheel of the plane touch down . out of control , the plane skid and crash first into a corral of goat and then into the farmhouse beyond send a cloud of dust into the air . as indy pull himself from the cockpit : henry ( sarcastic ) Nice landing . indy thanks . suddenly , indy 's attention be direct to : two scream messerschmide come in low . gun blazing . as bullet explode around they , indy and henry jump over a stone barricade . Henry , frighten , grab at indy . henry that people be try to kill we ! indy I know , dadl henry it 's a new experience for I . indy it happen to I all the time . ext . road - day a old man kneel at he car repair a rear tire . the man turn to the wheel , the hubcap in he hand . suddenly the wheel move forward , startling the Old man . int . the car - traveling - day indy have the throttle down , both hand tightly grip the steering wheel . henry be a very nervous passenger . indy see a low-flying messerschmidt come up behind he in the side mirror . as the messerschmidt roar by overhead , bullet explode around they , narrowly miss the car . henry this be intolerable ! indy this could be close . ext . the road - long shot - day the car race toward a tunnel that cut through a steep mountainside . the messerschmidt bear down on indy 's car , machine gun chatter . the car enter the tunnel . the messerschmidt can not pull up in time . it slam into the mouth of the tunnel , shear off its wing . int . the tunnel - day the flaming fuselage continue to rocket through the tunnel like a bullet down the muzzle of a gun . SPARKS fly as its belly scrape against the pavement and the side of the tunnel . int . the car - day indy and Henry look over they shoulder to see this wingless ball of FIRE gain on they ; about to overtake they . henry faster , boy -- faster ! ext . the road - other side of the mountain - day the car exit the tunnel at top speed and veer off the road . the flame messerschmidt fuselage shoot past and explode in the middle of the road . int . the car - day as the car emerge safely from the flame , Henry wipe the sweat from he brow . henry well , they do not come any closer than that ! henry look out the windshield and see the second messerschmidt scream out of the sky toward they . ext . the road - long shot - day the messerschmidt drop its single under -fuselage bomb . it explode in the road directly ahead of the car , miss it by only several foot . the car fall into the hole make by the bomb . dissolve to : ext . road - day indy climb out of the car , still in the bomb crater . he turn back to henry . indy dad , he 's come back . indy and henry run down the mountainside to : a deserted mediterranean beach - day indy and henry run to the shoreline . indy reach for he gun , tuck in he pants . he open the chamber— the gun have no bullet . the messerschmidt swing around and be come in for another pass . indy and henry exchange a wordless glance . they do not even think about run : there be no place to run to . henry hand he case to indy . holding he umbrella , henry suddenly spin around and run scream and shouting into a flock of sea gull ... the sea gull take to the wing in flight . thousands of they . indy bullet kick up sand lead up to he ... then— the messerschmidt and the sea gull meet in midair . massacre ! Sea gull be shred by the messerschmidt 's whirling propeller blade into a feathery white puree that splatter against the cockpit and clog the engine . engine sputter ... stall ... silence . the messerschmidt fall from the sky and explode in a off camera SOUND effect . indy stand as before—stunned—a statue . henry walk back to indy . henry I suddenly remember charlemagne . " let my army be the rock and the tree and the bird in the sky . " ( he chuckle ) indy wear a proud expression as he watch henry walk down the beach . ext . mosque - day fade in title : " republic of hatay " fade out title . ext . courtyard of sultan' palace - iskenderun - day the sultan be seat in he royal chair , flanke by walter donovan and vogel and surround by he minion . donovan hold the miss grail Diary page . donovan this page be take from Professor Jones ' diary , you highness . and they include a map that pinpoint the exact location of the grail . donovan and the sultan walk together through a archway . donovan as you can see , the grail be all but in we hand . ( beat ) however , you highness , we would not think of crossing you soil without you permission , nor of remove the grail from you border without suitable compensation . continued : sultan what have you bring ? vogel bring de schatzl two nazi soldier bring forward a huge steamer trunk . they open the lid and begin to empty it of its content : gold and silver object of every description . donovan precious valuable , you highness , " donate " by some of the finest family in all of Germany . the sultan get up from he chair and walk toward the trunk . he go right past it and begin to inspect the Nazi staff car park nearby . sultan roll -royce phantom two. 4.3 litre , 30 horsepower , six cylinder engine , with stromberg downdraft carburetor . the sultan point to the engine under the hood . sultan can go from zero to 100 kilometre a hour in 12.5 second . and I even like the color . donovan ( after a beat ) the key be in the ignition , you highness . sultan you shall have camel , horse , a armed escort , provision , desert vehicles—and tanksl donovan you be welcome . somebody else be also take note ... and we see that it be kazim , the spy at the court . elsa be reveal come down the stair toward donovan and vogel . elsa we have no time to lose . Indiana Jones and he father have escape . ext . iskenderun STREET - day sallah drive he car through the crowded street , indy beside he and henry in the back seat . sallah we go this way . sallah wave he arm and shout to a camel herder . sallah get that camel out of the way ! indy what happen to Marcus , sallah ? sallah ( overlap ) ah , they set out across the desert this afternoon . I believe they take mister brody with they . henry remove he hat and hit indy with it . henry now they have the map ! and in this sort of race , there 's no silver medal for finish second . ext . desert valley - day elsa and donovan 's party—consisting of a supply truck , OPEN car , tuhkish soldier riding camel , spare horse and a tank and various other vehicles—all move along through the ramble of this box canyon . elsa , donovan and vogel travel in the open car . the tank be a vintage World War I model with enormous tread . the turkish soldier wear native dress and carry both carbine and saber . brody sit alongside elsa in the rear of the car carry donovan . donovan hand a canteen back to he . donovan Care to wet you whistle , Marcus ? brody I would rather spit in you face . but as I have not get any spit ... vogel snatch the canteen away from brody before he can drink . vogel we must be within three or four mile . otherwise we be off the map . continued : he hand the map to elsa , drink from the canteen , and hand that back to donovan . donovan well , Marcus , we be on the brink of the recovery of the great artifact in the history of mankind . brody you be meddle with power you can not possibly comprehend . henry and sallah be at indy 's side as he view donovan 's party in the distance . park nearby be a car contain all of they supplies . indy ah , I see brody . he seem okay . they have get a tank . six - pound gun . then donovan notice a reflection from the hill . what he see be : the SUN reflecting off the lense of indy'' binoculars henry what do you think you be do ?! get down ! indy dad , we be well out of range . at that moment the tank fire a shell in they direction . it whistle overhead and blows up the parked car . indy , henry and sallah cover they head as automobile fragment rain down upon they . sallah that car belong to my brother - in - law . indy ( gesture to the other ) come on -- come on ! ext . desert valley - day vogel I can not see anyone up there . continued : donovan maybe it be not even Jones . elsa no . it 's he all right . he 's here somewhere . donovan ( to vogel ) put brody in the tank . kazim peer over a rock , point he rifle at the group below . donovan ( to elsa ) well , in this sun , without transportation , they be as good as dead . bullet explode off the vehicle and cliff . donovan and elsa duck . a nazi soldier fall from the tank as bullet explode around he . kazim be men , brethren of the cruciform sword , continue to FIRE . elsa and donovan take cover beside the park car . donovan it 's Jones , all right . angle on indy'' group indy and henry , follow by sallah , take cover behind a rock to watch kazim 's Men and the Nazi troops exchange fire below they . henry now , who be all this people ? indy who care ? as long as they be keep donovan busy . dad , you stay here while sallah and I organize some transportation . CUT back to the action . the brethren be fire at the donovan party and be be fire on by the donovan party . two nazi soldier throw hand grenade into the cliff . they explode , kill one of kazim 's Brethren . the battle continues—a fierce exchange of gunshot , grenade and machine gun FIRE with loss on both side . indy and sallah crouch behind a rock watch as man on both side of the battle run amongst camel and horse . indy I be go after that horse . sallah I will take the camel . indy I do not need camel . sallah but , indy— indy no camel ! donovan and elsa they look down at kazim who lie mortally wounded on the ground at they foot . elsa look sadden . donovan ( be kazim ) who be he ? kazim a messenger from God . for the unrighteous , the Cup of life hold everlast damnation . kazim die . indy leap atop a turkish soldier on horseback , pull the man and the horse to the ground . a second turk come to assist he comrade ; indy mount the horse , knock both Turks to the ground . int . the tank - day brody have be leave alone in the tank . henry climb down into the tank and tap brody on the shoulder , startling he . henry Marcus ! brody arghhh ! oh ! continued : they exchange a old University Club toast , swinging they arm at one another and miss . then henry flap he arm and tug he ear . henry " genius of the restoration '' " now brody tug he ear , flap he arm and touch he head . brody " xaid we own resuscitation ! " they exchange a handshake . brody henryl what be you do here ?! henry it 's a rescue , old boy come on . as henry start to climb out of the tank , two nazi soldier drop down from above , they luger draw . they be follow by vogel . vogel ( be henry ) search he . the nazi soldier point they gun at henry and brody . vogel ( to henry ) what be in this book ? that miserable little Diary of yours ! vogel remove a glove and slap henry with it . vogel here 's the map . the book be useless , and yet you come all the way back to Berlin to get it . why ? he slap henry again . vogel what be you hide ? another slap . vogel what do the Diary tell you that it do not tell we ?! vogel reach out to slap henry yet again , but Henry grab he arm , stop he . continued : ( 2 ) henry it tell I that goose -stepping moron like yourself should try read book instead of burn they . donovan appear at the turret cover . donovan Colonel ? Jones be get away . vogel ( indicate henry ) I think not , herr donovan . ext . tank - day donovan not that jones—the other Jones ! nazi soldier herr Colonel ! ext . desert valley - day indy ride away on one horse , lead three other as he go . sallah approach on horseback lead five camel . indy sallah , I say no camel ! that 's five camel . can not you Count ? sallah compensation for my brother - in - law 's car . indy , you father and brody— indy where 's my father ? sallah they have they . in the belly of that steel beast . indy and sallah charge forward lead they horse and camel . then vogel command the tank Driver to give chase . int . tank - day vogel shout to the tank Driver . vogel Fire ! ext . desert valley - day the tank start fire at indy on horseback . indy zig and zag as the tank fire two round at indy , barely miss he . each time indy emerge from the plume of desert dust , hang like a toadstool in the air . int . tank - day henry and brody hold they hand over they ear . ext . desert valley - day donovan shout order to the troops . indy be follow by various vehicle in the caravan . indy notice that the side gun that be now fire at he can only pivot so far . indy make a mental note of this and while riding right in front of the tank , turn he horse completely around , 180 degree . the tank start to follow . Pov through the viewing port vogel watch the ground turn 180 degree as he try to catch up with indy . cleverly , indy have turn the tank directly into a head - on collision course with some of the pursuit vehicle and a kubelwagon . the tank and the kubelwagon smash into each other , the german military sedan become lodge between the tread while block the front view and any use of the six - pound cannon on the turret . indy , meanwhile , lean down on he horse , scoop up a stone from the wall of a culvert . he reign he horse , parallel the tank , as everyone scurries about inside , look through view port , try to figure out exactly where indy be . int . tank - day vogel shout to the gunner . vogel Der kubelwagon sprengen ! the gunner put a shell into the large gun . he fire , catapult the kubelwagon into the air , where it explode . the tank drive through the result smoke a dust , then roll over the kubelwagon , crush it ext . desert valley - day indy gallop up to the side cannon and jam the stone down the barrel , lodging several rock inside . then he steer he horse directly in range of that gun . int . tank - day a nazi soldier push henry away from the window . nazi soldier keine bewegung . he point he gun at henry and brody . nazi soldier keine bewegung . the smaller gun , block by the rock , backfire , blow the breech out into the face of the gunner , kill he and fill the tank with smoke . brody , henry , vogel and the driver begin to choke . ext . desert valley - day indy ride he horse alongside the tank . indy dad ! dad ! dad ! int . tank - day henry and brody still hold at gunpoint by the nazi soldier . henry junior ? junior ? junior ! the nazi soldier swing he fist , knock henry off he seat . ext . desert valley - day smoke pour from the top of the tank as the turret pop open . vogel emerge and aim he gun at indy . indy and vogel exchange shot as indy chase the tank on he horse . indy pull the trigger again—his gun be empty ! indy immediately take the high trail . now indy be above the tank twelve foot on a parallel trail . he move out of the saddle and leap from the speed horse onto the trundle tank . close up - vogel hate-stare at indy close up - indy hate-stare back at vogel . suddenly , from nowhere a german soldier fly into frame , tackle indy . CUT to : side angle one of the two troop carrier be parallel the tank and like pirate board a galleon , Nazi Soldiers leap over the tread and be swarm all over indy . indy be struggle with a german 's luger . indy press the luger against he assailant and force the Nazi to squeeze off a shot into himself . the bullet not only pass through the Nazi , but pass through two other Nazis stand directly behind he on the crowded tank top and three body fall away , leave indy to stare at the gun in disbelief . another soldier leap from the truck onto the tank and raise he knife as he grab indy . they struggle and fall . indy sit up to see vogel stand over he . Vogel wrap a chain around indy 's neck . int . tank - day indy appear at the entrance , the chain still wrap about he neck and hold by vogel . indy dad ! he drop the gun down into the tank . indy dad ! dadl get it ! vogel pull indy from the tank entrance , yanking on the chain wrap around he neck . ext . tank - day a nazi soldier approach . indy hit he , knock he onto the tank tread . the Nazi soldier scream as he be drag under the roll tank . now indy and vogel struggle with one another , the chain still wrap around indy 's neck . int . tank - day through the periscope we see indy and vogel struggle atop the tank . indy lift he foot , lung toward the periscope and pull Vogel with he . indy 's face be press up against the lens of the periscope . int . tank - day the nazi soldier look through the periscope pull away from it , smile , then turn back to it . through the periscope indy 's face , still press against the lens . vogel pull indy from the periscope . int . tank - day the nazi soldier pull away from the periscope again . periscope soldier ( laugh ) diese amerikane . sie kampfen wie weiber . ext . tank - day indy now lie on top of vogel . he kick out at the periscope which spin around . int . tank - day the periscope handle spin around and hit the periscope soldier in the head . he fall against the nazi soldier guard henry and brody . henry push the nazi soldier aside and grab the gun . the periscope soldier struggle to take the gun from Henry . ext . tank - day vogel hold the chain around indy 's neck , push he head downward toward the revolve tread . int . tank - day the periscope soldier hold henry from behind , force the gun toward he . Henry reach down and pull a fountain pen from he coat pocket . continued : as the periscope soldier pull on henry 's face , Henry lift the fountain pen and squirt ink into he face . the soldier fall , he head smash into the wall of the tank . at the same time , Henry lose he grip on the gun which fall to the floor . brody Henry , the pen— henry what ? brody but do not you see ? the pen be mightier than the sword . ext . desert valley - day a troop truck pull near the tank . int . tank - day henry fire the tank gun at the troop truck . soldier fly into the AIR . the troop truck flip over and explode . ext . tank - day the explosion knock indy off the tank and onto the tread . he grab onto the shred gun protrude from the side of the tank . vogel look down at indy and smile smugly . the tank be approach a cliff wall . as indy try to secure foot , vogel step on he hand . int . tank - day brody look at henry . brody look what you didl henry it 's war . ext . tank - day vogel now swing a shovel at indy , smash at he hand . brody climb up out of the tank , follow by henry . continued : henry do not I tell you it be a rescue , huh ? a nazi soldier appear and pull henry down . vogel raise the shovel above he head and bring it crash down on indy , still hang from the protrude gun . indy lose he grip and now hang from the gun suspend only by the strap of he leather pouch . he scream as the gun scrape against the cliff wall , send stone tumble down over he . int . tank - day the nazi soldier knock henry into a pile of box , then punch he in the face . as the soldier raise the gun to henry 's face , brody hit he over the head with a canister . the soldier fall , discharge the gun into the air . the bullet ricochet around the tank , past the tank Driver who be manipulate lever at the control panel . SPARKS fly ; then the bullet ping against the window and ricochet once more , this time pass through the tank driver' hat . blood flow from under the hat as the tank Driver slump forward , he body depress the lever . ext . tank - day indy still hang from the strap of he leather pouch as the tank swerve , barely miss the rock and cause vogel to fall . indy finally manage to pull himself atop the tank once more where he punch Vogel over the side , then peer down to henry , still inside the tank . indy dad ? henry you call this archaeology ? indy get out of there , dad ! indy pull henry and brody from the tank . vogel pull himself back atop the tank armed again with the shovel which he swing at indy , who duck and grab Vogel 's arm . brody how do one get off this thing ? as indy wind up to punch vogel he catch brody in the face on the backsw , then complete the movement and knock Vogel down . int . tank - day Vogel 's hat sail in and fall to the floor . ext . tank - day henry ( to indy ) where 's Marcus ?! before indy can answer , vogel be up and swinging with the shovel . indy duck but the shovel catch henry send he over the side and onto the move tread . indy grab he whip , knock vogel aside . as henry speed toward the front of the tank to certain doom , indy , with lightning speed , whip out he bullwhip , wrapping the end of the whip around Henry 's right ankle . indy dad ! henry be bounce across the tread like a rag-doll . indy struggle to hold onto the end of the bullwhip . indy hang on , dad ! sallah draw he horse next to the tread . he tip he fez to heney . sallah Father of indy—give I you hand ! vogel now punch indy in the back and grab he around the neck . still , indy refuse to let go of the whip . indy sallah ! get dadl sallah reach out to henry . sallah give I you hand ! sallah manage to hold onto henry as he bring he horse to a stop just at the cliff 's edge . indy finally frees himself of vogel 's grasp , twist he arm painfully away from indy 's neck , then landing a hard blow to Vogel 's head . indy look down at the fast - approach cliff , he face fill with horror . we see he hat blow off and sail over the cliff 's edge . vogel he see he life pass before he , he scream at the top of he lung ! long shot the tank trundle over the cliff and plummet to the bottom . ext . cliff edge - day henry , brody and sallah look down at the flame wreckage of the tank . henry junior ?! we hear the tank exploding . sallah indy ?! henry oh , God . I have lose he . and I never tell he anything . I just be not ready , Marcus . five minute would have be enough . and then ... look daze and bewilder , indy stagger up behind they . he join the other at the edge of the cliff , look down at the wreckage below with a bewilder expression . finally , Henry become aware of he presence . henry say nothing . he just look at indy , overcome with emotion . finally , he throw he arm around he . henry I think I would lose you , boy . after a moment , indy 's head clear . and he become aware of he father 's embrace . something he have not feel in a long time—if ever . and it touch he . he hug he father back . indy I think you have too , sir . brody and sallah be move by this sudden reconciliation . henry well—well do ! come on ! henry pat indy on the back and indy collapse , sit hard on the rocky cliff edge . continued : unaware , henry , sallah and brody start to walk away . Henry turn back to see indy still sit on the ground . henry let 's go then . why be you sit there rest when we be so near the end ? come on— let 's go ! henry turn and walk toward the horse with brody and sallah . suddenly the fedora , borne on the wind , blows into scene and land at indy 's foot . ext . mountain road - day donovan peer through binocular to see the canyon of the crescent moon . he lower the binocular and turn to elsa . donovan the Canyon of the Crescent Moon . now elsa peer through the binocular . ext . secret canyon - day indy , henry , sallah and brody ride into the canyon . they hear a wailing wind . feel the bite cold . and sense the danger . now we turn a corner and they see the hide city . its spectacular grecian facade be carve directly into the rock . it be a stun sight . the vehicle , camel and horse belong to donovan 's party have be leave at the entrance . CUT to : int . temple - day indy , sallah , henry and brody creep forward to see : the terrified face of a turkish soldier he 's walk slowly . eye darting . muttering a prayer under he breath . what 's go on here ? full shot - inside the mountain temple the turk stand alone in the center of the Temple . it be very dark . giant column define the Temple 's perimeter . elsa and donovan watch he from a safe distance . the turk be about to approach the spot where a turkish soldier lie dead . we do not notice it right away , but the dead soldier have be decapitate . the turk stops—only one step away from the behead soldier . the turk take one more step—a fatal step , it turn out . we hear a roar—a whoosh of air—but we see nothing—except the turk' head fly off and bounce across the ground . indy , henry , brody and sallah react to the sight . elsa and donovan she look at he , horrify . donovan Helmut , another volunteer ! two nazi soldier force another Turk forward . suddenly ... the SOUND of rifle bolt be cocked . everyone turn to discover indy and he party surround by nazi soldier . indy 's group be relieved of they gun . full shot - the temple indy , henry , brody and sallah be bring forward by the Nazi Soldiers . elsa 's eye light up : glad indy 's not dead . she control herself and continue more coldly . elsa ( to indy ) I never expect to see you again . indy I be like a bad penny . I always turn up . donovan step back now , Doctor schneider . give Doctor Jones some room . he 's go to recover the grail for we . continued : indy laugh . donovan impossible ? what do you say , Jones ? ready to go down in history ? indy as what ? a Nazi stooge like you ? donovan ( scornfully ) Nazis ?!— be that the limit of you vision ?! the Nazis want to write themselves into the grail legend and take on the world . well , they be welcome . but I want the grail itself . the cup that give everlast life . Hitler can have the world , but he can not take it with he . I be go to be drink my own health when he 's go the way of the dodo . ( he draw he pistol ) the grail be mine , and you be go to get it for I . indy shoot I will not get you anywhere . donovan you know something , Doctor Jones ?... you be absolutely right . then donovan shift he aim , just a bit , and shoot henry . the bullet enter he side below the rib . indy dad ?! henry junior . . . elsa no !! donovan ( to elsa ) get back ! henry collapse . blood flow from the wound . brody and sallah rush to he assistance . continued : ( 2 ) indy spin toward donovan with murder in he eye . donovan point the gun at he : donovan you can not save he when you be dead . indy hesitates . donovan the heal power of the grail be the only thing that can save you father now . it 's time to ask yourself what you believe . indy take in the situation . the two decapitate man lie a few yard in front of he . he walk to the entranceway , flanke by two stone lion . we get silent reaction shot —elsa—sallah—brody—donovan—registering they different emotion indy proceed forward . his hand open the grail Diary . indy " the breath of God ... only the penitent man will pass . only the penitent man will pass . . . " indy take a few step forward . indy " the penitent man will pass . the penitent man ... " indy stop . he be about to reach the spot where two man have just die . henry look at indy . indy look at Henry . henry ( in a raspy voice ) " only the penitent man will pass . only the penitent man will pass . " indy ( quietly to himself ) the penitent man will pass . the penitent ... the penitent . the penitent man ... henry the penitent man . the penitent ... indy take a step forward through the cobweb . continued : ( 3 ) indy the penitent man be humble before God . henry penitent . penitent ... indy the penitent man be humble ... the cobweb begin to move .... indy he kneel before god. ( to himself ; suddenly ) kneel !! we hear the awful rush of air '' whoosh ! because indy be in the act of kneel , only he hat be knock off and he hair fly in he face . instinctively he roll forward on the ground out of harm 's way and look up . from he new position he be able to see what be cause all the trouble : a razor sharp triple pendulum . indy get cautiously to he foot . now he see the pendulum have be guard a SMALL corridor which turn a corner to the leave fifty yard ahead . wooden wheel turn—the mechanism control the spin blade . indy loop a rope around the wheel , jam the mechanism and stop the blade in mid-swipe . indy I be through ! elsa and donovan donovan we be through ! brody and sallah smile , relieved . sallah ( to henry ) he 's all right . henry shake he head . henry no . back to indy hold the grail Diary , read once again , he fedora now cover in cobweb . indy " the second challenge be the Word of God . only in the footstep of God will he proceed . " ( to himself ) the Word of God ... the Word of ... indy pull away some cobweb to reveal a cobblestone path . each cobble be engrave with a letter . indy " proceed in the footstep of the Word . " henry lift he head painfully . henry the Word of God ... brody no , Henry . try not to talk . henry the name of God ... back to indy as he study the cobblestone before he . indy the name of God ... jehovahl henry still lie in sallah 's arm . brody lean over he . henry but in the Latin alphabet , " jehovah " begin with a " I . " back to indy indy " J . " indy take a step and immediately a stone break away and indy fall up to he hip -- he leg stick through the hold where the stone once be . henry react . henry oh dear ! back to indy who grunt as he pull himself from the hole , the v-rail Diary in he hand . indy in Latin , " jehovah " start with a " I . " " I " ... now we see each letter on the stone as indy carefully walk forward . donovan and elsa follow in he footstep . indy " E " ... " h " ... " o " ... " V " ... " a " ... indy sigh with relief and step forward to : the great abyss indy stand in a small open , just small enough for he shoulder to squeeze through and beyond that a 100 foot drop to the rock below and 100 foot across , nothing but a rough , stony cliff wall . back to indy he can see nowhere to cross . he look again to the v-rail Diary . indy " the path of flood . only in the leap from the lion 's head will he prove he worth . " indy look around and then he notice that inscribe into the rock above he head be the head of a lion . indy impossiblel nobody can jump this ! indy look down into the Diary and torture over what it be ask he to do . brody rush forward and call to indy . brody indy ... indy , you must hurry !! come quickly ! back to indy indy ( realize ) it 's ... a leap of faith . oh , god. henry call to he son . henry you must believe , boy . you must ... believe . we see he do it . we see he leap into space . we see that he be in midair . we see that he be not go to make it . his hand claw for the opposite wall but he be go to fall 100 foot to he death . and then—he do not ! he appear to be hold up by thin air as he land on he hand and knee . indy look around and down and now he figure it out . ingeniously , the first crusader have paint a pathway to align with the rock 100 foot below . it be a perfect force perspective image of the rock below with line from a hundred foot continue six foot below he sight line where he foot be step . it 's paint to blend in with the rock below . highly evolve camouflage ... in perfect alignment with everything we see below . when indy lean out to the leave or right ... that 's when he see the perfect alignment shift that betray the trick . indy throw some dirt on the bridge and he cross it like the first crusader from the painting over Henry 's desk . indy crawl through a small open in the side of the cliff and enter a Temple . a vast array of chalice be display on the altar of this small Temple . perhaps a hundred or more . many size , many shape , some gold , some silver , but they all glitter and shine . indy be mesmerize by they number and they beauty . and then he realize that a man be praying at the altarl he have he back turn to indy ... but he be dress as what he be ! a grail knight . close on the grail knight but we can not see the grail knight 's face . the visor of he helmet be down . perhaps we see he eye . continued : when the grail knight see indy he get wearily to he foot and , surprisingly , prepare to give combat ... take up he two-hand broadsword ... he come at indy , attempt to swing the huge , heavy sword but find the effort almost too much . indy dodge two or three clumsy swing of the sword , make no attempt to fight back ... until the knight , exhaust , drop the sword and collapse . indy approach he and raise the visor and we see that the knight be a very ancient man . knight I know you would come , but my strength have leave I . indy who be you ? knight the last of three brother who swore a oath to find the grail and to guard it . indy that be seven hundred year ago . knight a long time to wait . the grail knight reach forward and finger indy 's clothing . knight you be strangely dress ... for a knight . indy I be not exactly ... a knight . what do you mean ? knight I be choose because I be the bravest and the most worthy . the honor be mine until another come to challenge I to single combat . I pass it to you who vanquish I . the grail knight hold he sword out to indy . indy ( gulp ) listen , I do not have time to explain , buty at that moment donovan and elsa appear . donovan turn to face the display of cup . donovan which one be it ? continued : ( 2 ) knight you must choose . ( beat ) but choose wisely . for as the true grail will bring you life the false grail will take it from you . donovan I be not a historian . I have no idea what it look like . which one be it ? elsa let I choose . donovan thank you , Doctor . elsa and indy exchange look . he think he be see she in she true color . elsa choose a cup—a solid gold , emerald encrust goblet . donovan instantly take it from she . donovan oh , yes . it 's more beautiful than I would ever imagine . this certainly be the cup of the King of king . donovan rush to the well and fill the goblet with water . donovan eternal life ! donovan drink from the goblet . then , donovan be entire body start to convulse . his face contort in agony . he grab he stomach and turn toward elsa . donovan what . . . be . . . happen . . . to . . . I . . .? he start to age—fast ! his hair grow long and gray and brittle . his face sink . fingernail curl back on themselves . milky cataract coat he eye . elsa gasp and scream . donovan what . . . be . . . happen . . . ? his skin turn brown and leathery and stretch across he bone until it split . his skeletal hand reach for elsa 's throat , choke she . continued : ( 3 ) indy rush forward and push donovan away . as he fall he body break into flame , then shatter against the wall . knight he choose ... poorly . indy study the array of chalice . elsa it would not be make out of gold . indy pick up another cup—a simple earthenware jug . indy that 's the cup of a carpenter . he and elsa exchange a look . indy there 's only one way to find out . indy go to the well and fill the earthenware jug with water , then pause . indy bring the jug to he lip and take several large swallow . a strange sensation overcome he , a feel of peace and contentment ... and we see he wound begin to heal . knight you have choose wisely . but the grail cannot pass beyond the great seal . that be the boundary and the price of immortality . CUT to brody and sallah who attend to Henry await indy 's return . indy and elsa come forward with the grail . the two nazi soldier be over - awed by the possessor of the grail . they put down they gun and kneel . indy kneel by henry 's side and tilt he head forward and hold the grail to he lip . henry be too weak to even open he eye . henry swallow some of the water . much of it run down the corner of he mouth . finally indy pour the water over the wound and everyone watch in astonishment as the wound and the blood stain disappear before they eye . the color return to Henry 's face . henry 's eye open . the first thing he see be the grail and they light up . then they shift to indy 's face—and they light up even more ... nazi soldier run forward . sallah point a rifle at they . sallah Drop you gun . please . the nazi soldier drop they weapon at they foot and raise they arm in surrender . indy ( to henry ) dad , come on . get to you foot . elsa step forward and pick up the grail . she turn to indy , she face alight with possession of the grail . elsa we have get it . come on . elsa step onto the edge of the great seal . indy elsa ! elsa , do not movel elsa it 's ours , indy . your and mine . indy elsa , do not cross the seal . the knight warn we not to take the grail from here . a rumbling SOUND be heard and the ground roar and shift . dirt fall from the ceiling of the cavern . elsa fall on the great seal . the grail bounce away from she grasp . she reach for it and the ground beneath she begin to split OPEN . elsa slip into the crevasse . she scream . elsa be hang perilously in the abyss , with the grail almost within she reach . as she hand lose they grip , indy just manage to one of they , he himself slide forward across the slant floor . henry junior ! junior ! with she free hand , elsa be try to get the grail . indy can not save she unless she give he she free hand . she have to choose . indy elsa . elsa do not . elsa . elsa . give I you other hand , honey . I can not hold you . continued : elsa I can reach it . I can reach it ... her hand begin to slip from indy 's grasp . indy elsa ! give I you hand . give I you other hand ! elsa just manage to touch the grail . in do so , she have tip the balance too far '' indy slide down another yard , elsa lose she grip and fall scream to she death . indy ( horrify ) elsa !! now the ledge indy lie upon begin to break apart . henry grab one of he hand as indy struggle to reach the grail with the other . henry junior , give I you other hand ! I can not hold on !! indy I can get it '' I can almost reach it , dad . indy look down into the black bottomless pit beneath he from which nothing can ever be retrieve . henry Indiana . Indiana !! indy snap he look up to he father . his father have never call he this before . henry ( very calmly ) ... let it go ... indy abandon the grail and grab onto henry with both hand . henry pull he up to safety . the grail knight look through the fall debris to indy and henry . sallah and brody rush from the crumble Temple . indy dad . . . the grail knight raise he arm to henry . continued : indy please , dad ... indy and henry down the passageway just as a huge stone column tumble down upon the spot where they stand . the grail knight lower he arm as he watch they leave . ext . entrance to mountain temple - afternoon indy , henry , sallah and brody emerge from the Mountain Temple through the grecian facade . from within the Mountain Temple , the roar of wall caving in be heard . a cloud of dust and smoke billow out from the entrance . henry turn to indy . henry elsa never really believe in the grail . she think she would find a prize . indy what do vou find , dad ? henry I ?... illumination . henry and indy mount they horse . Henry turn back to he son . henry what do you find , junior ? indy junior ?! dad ... sallah please ... what do it always mean , this ... this " junior ? " henry that 's he name . Henry Jones , junior . indy I like Indiana . henry we name the dog Indiana . brody May we go home now , please ? continued : sallah ( to indy ) the dog !? ( laugh ) you be name after the dog ... indy ( embarrassed ) I have get a lot of fond memory of that dog . a moment pass as they all ready they mount and sallah continue to laugh at indy . indy ready ? henry ready . brody indy ! henryl follow meet I know the way ! ( to he horse ) haaa ! henry ( to indy ) get lose in he own museum , huh ? indy uh-huh . henry after you , junior . indy yes , sir ! ( to he horse ) haaa ! ext . the secret canyon - afternoon they thunder through the canyon—whose tower wall threaten to collapse upon they . ext . entrance to canyon - sunset as brody , indy , henry and sallah ride from the canyon toward the setting SUN . the end