indiana jone and the kingdom of the crystal skull screenplay by David koepp previous draft by Jeff nathanson Frank darabont George Lucas jeb Stuart October 2007 final shoot script ext desert day the paramount logo dissolves into a mountain in the desert . but the mountain move , it start to crumble , and then -- -- a prairie dog poke its head out of the mountaintop . in the distance , a car engine whine , mid -5e rock and roll blare , it get louder , fast , and the prairie dog bolt for its life . a car tire flatten the pile as a 1932 chevy roadster blast past we , two teenage boy and two pony -tailed girl inside . the kid laugh and the music crank as they barrel down the road , do not care where they be go , just want to get there fast . up ahead , there be four military vehicle , a ' 51 Ford staff car , two jeep , and a large panel truck . there be three U.S. soldier in the lead car , two more in each of the jeep , anda driver for the truck . the hot rod pull up close behind the convoy , then swerve into the pass lane and gun it , pass the truck and jeep and pull up even with the lead car the driver of the lead car hit the gas too , not about to let this punk pass he -- drag race ! the car drive flat out , nobody back off . but then the army colonel in the passenger seat of the lead car put a hand on the Driver 's arm and gesture to a road up ahead -- we go that way . the military vehicle veer to the right , off the main road , and the guy and Girls in the chevy whoop in triumph as they barrel away down the road in a cloud of dust , the winner in this race . but we follow the Army convoy , rise up behind they to get a look at where they be head -- toward a remote military outpost in the distance . very mysterious . a legend : nevada , 1957 ext military outpost day the convoy pull up to twin guard shack at the main entrance to the base , which must lie over the rise ahead of we . the gate be identify only by a plain sign hang on the barb wire : hangar 51 three mp step forward ; the sergeant signal the car to stop . the sergeant walk up to the sedan and lean in . m.p. ( sergeant ) sorry , gentleman , this whole area 's off limit for weapon testing for the next twenty - four hour , that include all on - base personnel . the Colonel step out of the front passenger seat of the third car . he 's huge , must go two -sixty , all muscle . he 's either perpetually sneering or have a lipless smile , hard to tell which . a real son-of - a-bitch , good thing he 's on we side . the mps snap to attention . the sergeant salute the Colonel , but remain firm . the Colonel walk up to the sergeant . m.p. ( sergeant ) ( cont would ) I be afraid that go for you too , Colonel , sir . the Pentagon send out revise deployment oh-dark - thirty this a.m . the Colonel smile , but do not speak the Colonel get down on one knee . -- the soldier leap out of the panel truck , silencer screw onto the end of they automatic weapon , and before we know it they be blasting away at the outman and outgun mps , drop they before they get they safeties off . the Colonel finish tie he shoe , get up , put he hat back on and go back to the car . the soldier stash the dead body in the guard shack . the convoy drive past the checkpoint . soldier jump from the back of the truck . the invader snap into action , silently , they have train for this . two of they slip the helmet and armband off the mps and put they on themselves . a crowbar snap the lock off the gate and the fence be throw open . with the fake mps now stand guard at the gate , the convoy roar through and we rise up to see -- -- beyond the rise , where there 's a huge airplane hangar and a smaller , adjoin building . a lone airstrip lead right up to the hangar and a set of train track run out of the other building and away across the desert . ext hangar 51 day the convoy crunch to a stop in front of the giant main door of the hangar . while two invading soldier set about hot - wiring the circuit box that lead to the door mechanism , the Colonel nod to two Soldiers from the truck and they go to the trunk of the sedan . they pop it open , reach inside -- -- and pull out a prisoner , GEORGE mchale ( '' Mac '' to he friend ) , fiftyish , sharp eye and the easy smile of you favorite bartender . he 's have the hell beat out of he . the Russian Soldiers reach into the trunk . the soldier grab a fedora hat and throw it to the ground . both soldier haul another bag of bone out , slamming he down on he foot next to Mac . indy get up , grab he hat off the floor and put it on . one of the soldier , # 2 get out of the sedan and start to give order in russian - russian 2 gde inzener . otkpit vorota . bistro ! bistro1 bistro ! ( where 's the engineer ? open the gate fast ) another soldier approach . russian 3 Za mnoy reebiata ! bistro ! Bistro ! ( come guy , come with I faster , faster ) davayte reebiata ( C ’mon guy '' bwistrey , bwistrey , bwistrey ! ( let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ) k karobkye ( get to the circuit BOX ! ) he move to the hangar door . indy Russians . + % + ok + HH HH * * 3a . Mac squint , size up the heavily - armed Russians . he mutter to indy , with a british accent . mac this be not gonna be easy . a soldier push Mac next to indy . indy not as easy as it use to be . mac we have be through worse . indy oh yeah ? when ? mac flensburg . there be twice as many . indy we be young . mac I still be young . indy manage a smile - - he like this guy . he look sideways , at one of the Russian soldier , who have a bettere bullwhip hang over the shoulder . indy 's whip . indy ( back to Mac ) we have gun . mac detail . indy put you hand down will ya . you be embarrassing yourself . mac I bet you five hundred buck we get out of this . * the Russian Colonel ( antonin dovchenko ) sedan drive up and come to a stop . dovchenko step up to they , nose to nose . he 's huge . mac maybe we should make that a hundred . ( make that a hundred ) ( why do not we make that a hundred , alright ) dovchenko ( to indy ) you recognize building , yes ? indy look back at the building . then turn back to dovchenko . indy Drop dead . crack ! dovchenko smack indy across the face and he leg go out from under he . indy ( cont have ) I mean drop dead , comrade . dovchenko depsicute eewy pyku za enunon ( hold he arm behind he back ) dovchenko take off he hat , hand it to one of the soldier . he curl he meaty fist to crack he across the face again , but a voice stop he . voice ( 0.s. ) prasteete ! the back door of the sedan that just arrive a slender figure step out , dress as a U.S. Army soldier . dr . irina spalko be in she mid-thirty , tall , pale , jet black hair , bang cut straight across . she be wear dark glass . she move with a dancer 's grace , a scabbard hang at she side . dovchenko walk up to she , and salute . spalko where be he find ? dovchenko in Mexico , they be digging in the dirt . look for this junk . he get indy 's satchel from the trunk of the sedan and turn it upside down , empty it on the hard ground . piece of ancient pottery and figurine shatter . + % + ok + % indy wince . that be seven week 's work . a spalko approach : indy you be not from around here . be you ? spalko where be it that you would imagine I be from , Dr. Jones ? she take she glass off . indy the way you sink you tooth into that we , I have say the Eastern Ukraine . spalko highest mark . ( she take off she glove and hold out she hand ) Colonel Doctor irina spalko . ( indy do not shake ) three time I have receive order of lenin , also medal of hero of Socialist Labor , and why ? because I know thing . I know they before anyone else , and what I do not know , I find out . what I need to know now -- she take a step closer to indy and tap a finger lightly on he forehead . spalko -- be in here . she move close to he , look deeply into he eye . her gaze be intense , disquieting . he stare back at she . she 's impressed . spalko move spalko you be a hard man to read , Dr. Jones . so we will try this .. what 's the expression ? the old - fashioned way . you will tell we . you will help we find what we seek . russian soldier gatavo tovarisch palkovnik ( it 's ready , comrade colonel . ) towards the door . she give the order spalko davai ! ( do it ! ) 5a . a spark fly from the power box , a big wheel start to turn , and the huge hangar door start to rumble open , split right between the '' 5 '' and the '' 1 . '' int hangar 51 day hangar 51 be a massive warehouse , a endless expanse of crate stack to the eighty foot ceiling as far as the eye can see . this place look familiar to we , seem like the kind of place a paranoid government would stash its most secret object . indy and Mac be prodd inside , at the end of the Russian gun barrel . spalko gesture around . spalko this warehouse be where you and you government have hide all you secret yes ? indy I have never be here before in my life . she smile at he -- nice try , but I do not believe you act . spalko object we seek -- rectangular storage container . dimension -- two meter by one half a meter by 66 centimeter . content of box mummify remain . this be no doubt familiar to you ? suddenly indy know exactly what she be talk about , but he hesitates to volunteer anything . indy what make you think I have any idea what box you be talk about ? spalko because ten year ago you be part of the team that examine it . indy look even if I know what you - what a sudden sssshhhhing ! , she draw a rapier and lunge forward in a blindingly quick fencing move , press the tip of the blade against indy 's jugular . indy ( cont have ) be talk about .... spalko you will . help US . find it ! indy look at she coldly . indy killing I 's not gonna solve you problem . spalko '' not gonna solve my problem '' you be right . she bark to the Soldiers in Russian . 6a . spalko ( cont would ) vazmitye drubova !( take the other one ) two Soldiers drag Mac across the pavement , drop he and kick he over in the gravel , right next to a truck . mac it 's all go pear shape . spalko move forward put on she glass . give a signal . indy look on as two soldier hold he . dovchenko walk over Mac 's body and get in the truck , he start the engine . -- with a roar , drop the truck in gear , hit the gas , and begin to move slowly towards Mac 's head , as the soldier hold he down -- indy okay , okay ! hey , hey , hey ! mac he say okay for God 's sake . be you go to let I up ? ( 4f ) okay , okay , he say okay - would you let I up ? + % + ok 7a . int . hangar - day indy follow by the whole group , think like a wild man , look around . there be rectangular storage container everywhere . he walk in and stop , turn to the group . indy ( mind racing ) alright I need a compass . compass ? the Soldiers look at each other , confuse . indy ( cont have ) you know , north , south , east ? mac West . indy no ? they do not seem to . indy 's eye fall on dovchenko 's gun .. he walk up to he . indy ( cont have ) I need you bullet . dovchenko laugh . dovchenko oh-ho-chit mai-y pa-tro-neh . ( he want my bullet ) everyone laugh . indy walk up to spalko in something of a rage . indy turn to the woman in charge . indy the content of that box be highly magnetize . I need gunpowder . do you want my help or not she turn , look and -- * + % + ok * moment later , -- dovchenko twist the top off one of the hand grenade dump the gunpowder in indy 's leave hand . spalko watch he , curious and impressed . indy move towards the box and climb to the top . spalko , Mac and dovchenko follow he curio . spalko what be the point ? ( v5d - do not toy with I Dr. Jones . what be the point of this ? ) indy if it 's still magnetic , the metal in this gunpowder should point the way . he reach the top of the box and open he hand , let the gunpowder fly up in a cloud . in mid-air it seem to coalesce , draw together by a unseen force , and when it land on the floor it 's in the shape of a line , point down one of the aisle . spalko and the group follow indy . spalko Zarim ! ( move ) part ii indy with spalko , Mac , dovchenko and the large group of soldier come around a corner of box into a aisle ( cul - de - sac area ) . indy get a idea and grab dovchenko 's hat from he head . indy in here . two soldier move forward and come to both side of indy and begin pour the powder from two grenade . they continue to move forward . the group come around another corner into the mouth of the aisle , it 's jam - pack with crate , stack to the ceiling . the soldier pour for a second time from another two grenade . indy come to a stop follow the original line , he let the powder in the hat go free . * + * hf 8a . the group look up as the powder as it fly up in the air and then come down in a line and head down another aisle between a row of box . indy with the group follow the powder and turn into ... another corner . again pasha and the other soldier pour powder into the hat , but this time from four grenade , they continue walk . indy climb up a set of box and let the powder fly free from the hat . indy turn to the group down below , he see the shotgun point at he . indy ( cont have ) shell , give I shotgun shell . he climb down and start to walk down the middle of the large aisle - dovchenko nyet , hvatit ya emu neveru ( no. enough . I do not believe he . I do not trust he ) to spalko . spalko give the order . spalko give he the shell . another soldier move up next to indy and eject shotgun shell . the group follow indy to a row of box . indy plier . + ok + % + % + ok * 8b . one of the soldier hand indy a set of plier . the group follow indy across to a large set of box . indy throw the hat back to dovchenko . dovchenko catch it and put it back on . indy climb the box all the way to the top , a few of the soldier with they rifle follow he . indy turn and look at the group . spalko move closer to the box . indy use the plier open the shell and pour the pellet into he hand . he dump the pellet on the box . spalko watch as the pellet roll down . she look and see that the pellet be go into the box . she get more pellet and spread they across the bottom of the box . the pellet reach the base of the stack of crate , roll up the side of it , and disappear through the crack . spalko watch they disappear , she look at dovchenko . he give the order to bring down the box . dovchenko in Russian ( everybody come over . start you car - move quickly ) indy , pace , watch form the top as the soldier with dovchenko begin to move the box down . the soldier toss aside several identical oblong wooden crate . a group of army truck pull into the area . spalko give order . she watch as the soldier continue to move the box . Mac mutter to himself . dovchenko ( cont would ) etat ( that one ) tepye etat ( get that one . tashitye ( grab it , pick it up ) they finally reach the box with the pellet . the soldier pull the crate out . the crate 's dimension be as spalko descry , about the size of you average coffin , but a bit thin spalko open it ! one of the soldier wedge a crowbar into the slot at the side of the crate and start to pry the lid open . the crowbar pull away from he hand and it get stick on the top of the crate . the other soldier also begin to pry the crate open . finally the slat be pull away , they reveal a stainless steel tank . the soldier lift it and move towards a vehicle . the light start to move toward the box . indy watch and begin to climb down . + eh HH hf ee + % * + % + * hf * a dozen light dangle above swing toward the coffin , draw to it . Mac look at the floor , as the steel part from the break crate begin to also move toward the coffin . spalko follow the coffin from behind a line of soldier . the other carry the coffin to the open truck . the dog tag from they neck be draw to the magnetism . they be all struggle with they rifle , try to keep they from be pull away by the coffin . spalko move to the box on the truck , she try to feel it with she hand . her sward rise towards the box . spalko bring it down , she take it off and hand it to dovchenko . indy watch from the top of the box , he head down and join Mac on the floor . one of the soldier open the lid , as he do this , he glass be pull off he face and get stick on the cover . we catch a glimpse of the stencilling . it 's obscure , but what we can make out read -- roswell , n.m. 7- 9-47 spalko climb onto the truck , look into the glass cover , she open it . Inside , we see only a shape , wrap in silvery metallic wrapping of some kind . spalko fanari. ( flashlight ) indy be watch with Mac , indy try to move closer , the soldier carry he whip step in front of he . his rifle aim at indy . spalko get a knife and begin to cut the bag down the middle . as it break its seal , there be a hiss and a heavy gas escape swirl . spalko lean forward , breathless , as at the end of a long quest . she peel the wrapping away from the top portion of the shape . the inside of the wrapping hold the shape of what it be wrap around -- a humanoid head , somewhat elongate cranium , and the sygomatic arch of a oversize pair of eye . spalko ( cont have ) moyo - zolotse ( sunshine ) the Russian Soldiers lean forward , fascinate and distract -- indy look at Mac , decide to seize the distraction as the soldier look back . indy hit he and grab he bullwhip , hang over the shoulder of the Russian guard he . he shoulder - block the Russian , who fall back . spalko stand and look at indy . * + ok * + % + % * + ok * ee * + % + * hf 10 . the soldier ( franklin ) guard Mac spin he aim toward indy , but -- -- indy 's bullwhip crack , the lash wrap around the soldier 's tip of he gun -- -- the fall Russian ( kevin ) swing he gun around , aim it at indy -- -- indy flick he wrist , cause the 2nd soldier ( franklin ) to fire he gun , and the bullet -- -- slam into the russian on the ground , ( Kevin ) kill he . indy flick he arm again , cause Mac 's guard to loose the gun Mac catch it -- -- indy bend down and scoops up the dead Russian 's weapon . the remain Russian Soldiers spin they gun around , but too late -- indy be stand beside Mac , they be now back to back the old friend , both armed , hold the Russians at bay . indy still hold onto he whip under the gun . indy Drop the gun ! ( aim at spalko ) or Colonel Doctor spalko be dead . the Soldiers start to lower they weapon , but then something funny happen . dovchenko smile . and the Soldiers raise they weapon again . puzzle , indy turn and see the last thing he ever expect -- the barrel of Mac 's gun , point directly at indy 's head . indy ( cont have ) why Mac ? why ? mac what can I say , jonsy , I be a capitalist . and they pay . indy after all that year we spend spying on the reds ?! I think we be friend Mac . + % + ok 11 . Mac back away from indy , move to the Russians side . mac ( shrug ) have bad luck with the card , mate . awful . bloody awful . can not go home empty-hand no more . spalko no defiant last word , Dr. Jones ? indy I like ike . dovchenko step forward , clicking the slide back on he automatic handgun . dovchenko but down gun . indy you get it , pal . he pitch the automatic weapon from a height . the gun hit the floor and fire off a round . the bullet slam into the concrete , rip right through -- -- a russian soldier 's right boot , blow off two of he toe . as the soldier scream , he inadvertently squeeze the trigger on he machine gun , send a spray of bullet fly into the air tinging off truck , crunching into crate . indy run out . spalko shout at the nearby Soldiers . spalko dograt yevo . ( go after he ) spalko close the glass case , the soldier take he glass off the cover - spalko slam the lid of the coffin close . one of the soldier close the weapon carrier . spalko get in the driver seat and drive off spalko leap behind the wheel , hit the gas , and take off with it . * 12 . atop the crate , indy turn and run down the alley , look for some mean of escape . the soldier aim they weapon at he . the bullet miss he . there be stack of pack crate in ever direction different height , different gap between they . he come to the end look around , scamper up onto the pile of crate . the soldier emerge from the alley , they spot indy on top . they fire , the top crate explode in a fusillade of gunfire , they barely miss he again . indy continue chase spalko , he crack he whip -- -- it wrap around the light , and he swing out over the gap . indy soar over the crate , and catch up to the jeep . we , almost . his foot be about to land on the back gate just as he start he backward swing -- -- the tip of the bullwhip unravel -- -- and indy fall backwards , crashing into the front seat of another jeep , follow the first one , landing right between two Russian Soldiers . he groans in pain . indy damn , I think that be closer indy throw a elbow into the face of the soldier on he right and a punch into the face of the soldier behind the wheel , they fall out opposite side of the jeep -- -- and indy slide behind the wheel and roar away down the aisle of the warehouse , chase spalko . he catch up , give the wheel a jerk , and slam she jeep into a pile of crate . he push spalko 's jeep all the way deep into the box , they disappear . she go fly out of the jeep as it come to a sudden stop . indy leap out of he own jeep and into spalko 's , the one carry the box with he name on it . the soldier catch up and surround the area . suddenly there 's a huge explosion . the soldier get throw up in the air , debris be fly everywhere . indy slide out drive the jeep , . he throw it in gear and take off , as spalko come out and see he leave . + * hf + % + * hf 13 . spalko sleyduityi zarim . ( follow he ! ) dovchenko in the truck go after indy . spalko join the other soldier . as she walk away , we see : the content of a smashed crate half - expose on the floor . there 's a glow gold handle atop a bejewel box , it 's the ark of the - -- in indy 's jeep , he race up to a intersection in the giant warehouse , dovechenko 's truck be follow he . he look back . the truck be gain on he . indy look ahead and find himself now head on with a sedan . Mac be in the sedan , carry he rifle . in the narrow aisle indy have no other place to go -- Mac be get closer . mac do not get clever boris . no , no , no . you do not know he . indy look up , and see the hang lamp , and the latticework of support beam up there . indy start to climb up and reach -- -- for one of the lamp - -- indy 's body be yank out of the jeep with incredible force . he fly into the air , and beneath he the brake and driver of the two oncoming vehicle scream -- -- and smash into indy 's jeep , front and back , crumpling it like a tin can and cracking OPEN the crate that be in the jeep . 13a . Mac roll out of the wreckage , he look up . indy be run on the rafter , get away . the soldier begin fire . bam-bam-bam ! ! indy keep run as gunshot rip behind he . dovchenko get out of he truck , and begin fire with he gun . he chase indy . indy run to the end of the rafter , he jump on the chain and slide down . as he get up , dovchenko catch up to he and tackle he ....... the burst through a door . as they come out the other side they fall down into a room with a glass dome . they fall on top and continue to fight . indy manage to punch dovchenko , on the second punch dovchenko loose he hat . the glass begin to crack , it shatter . int . bunker -day dovchenko and indy fall through the glass , and land on a platform that be hold by chain . they continue fight , indy be able to roll off and swing by the chain . dovchenko grab onto one of the chain . 14 . dovchenko be hang by the chain . indy fly in on another chain and kick dovchenko . dovchenko go fly into the control room , crash through the glass window . he land hard on a control panel , a red light flash and a buzzer buzy . the clock start the countdown . dovchenko get up , pick up the chain . indy have drop onto the deck of a railroad flat car , set at the end of the train track that run away into the distance , into a underground tunnel . there 's a jet engine crudely bolt onto he deck of the flat car . dovchenko try to hit indy with the chain . indy roll backwards off the platform . dovchenko follow he , try to hit he with the chain . indy try to get away , he climb back onto the platform . a set of door at the tunnel mouth rumble open . the turbine on the rocket ship start to spin . dovchenko grab indy 's right foot with he chain and pull he down onto the steel grate . indy try to get up , dovchenko punch he . indy try again , and again dovchenko punch he . indy try again , dovchenko take the chain and wrap it around indy 's neck . dovchenko haul indy up by the chain . he start to punch indy . Mac with a group of soldier carry they gun , approach from the end of a access tunnel behind the flat car indy manage to get he leg around dovchenko 's neck , he start to choke he as hard as he can . dov be loose he breath . indy get he right foot free and kick dovchenko down to the ground . indy come down the clock be reach zero . + ok + ok * * + * hf * * 10 11 11a 12 15 . the soldier with Mac be just about to reach they -- and the jet engine roar to life , send a blast of rippling white fire erupting out of the back of the rocket sled ( because that what this gizmo be ) , incinerate the Russian soldier . Mac recoil from the blast and the engine fully engage -- boy , do it engage , slamming indy and dovchenko fly into a cushion blast shield near the back of the railroad car the rocket sled blast away down the railroad track so fast it 's just a streak of light and zoom into the tunnel . in the tunnel , light strobe by as the rocket sled pick up speed in the underground tunnel . indy and dovchenko be pin to the rear blast shield by the intense thrust . ext hangar 51 dusk as dusk fall , we see the blurry fire of the rocket sled as it blast out the mouth of the tunnel , move like a shoot star down five mile of track , disappear into the distance . int guard shack dusk a mp watch the rocket , he make a call . guard I need to speak to the colonel . a second later , there 's a sonic boom . int hangar 51 dusk back in the hangar , Russian Soldiers be pick up the coffin . spalko shout to they in Russian , point out the open hangar door , go after they ! spalko shivilyty . ( move ) poidyomte ( let 's go ) Mac out of breath join she . the soldier load the coffin in the jeep . spalko get in the driver seat of the remain jeep . Mac join she in the passenger seat . spalko ( cont would ) you do well . the drive off . 13 14 15a . ext rocket sled night * on the rocket sled , indy and dovchenko hold on for dear life as the G force wrap they face around the back of they skull . the desert landscape flash by ; they cover mile in moment , and as abruptly as it start -- -- the booster engine shut down . the rocket sled silently glide to a halt at the end of the five mile stretch of railroad track , come to a stop with a soft little thump into a rubber bumper at the end , next to a small shack with light on . on the flat car , indy and dovchenko . indy come to , he push * dovchenko off the flat car . * indy get up , hold onto he whip , he try to regain he * balance , he grab he hat and loose he foot , he fall off on * the other side of the flat car . * in the distance , indy spy a plume of dust from the Russian car , which be pursue he . he take off into the distance on wobbly let , head for a rocky rise that might provide some cover . ext hangar 51 dusk outside the front entrance to hangar 51 , another truck , this one full of real U.S. marine , alert by the noise of the rocket sled , screech to a halt . the marine leap out , draw they weapon , and cautiously approach the entrance to the hangar 15 16 17 16 . 10/12/07 int hangar 51 dusk spalko and Mac take off out the rear of hangar 51 just before the Marines enter . CUT to : ext desert night the jeep and sedan with the Russians inside skid to a halt next to the railroad flat car . indy watch from behind the hill . dovchenko , on the flat car , be just come to . as the Soldiers from the sedan tend to he , dovchenko shout to the other , gesture in the direction indy run -- get he ! Three Russians jump back into the jeep and take off , further into the desert . dovchenko limp into the sedan and it turn around , head in the opposite direction , back the way they come . dissolve to : ext desert town dawn indy spot a small desert town on the horizon . he walk toward it . 18 16a . 10/12/07 ext MAIN STREET day indy walk into this perfect little american town --- -- the three Russians in the american jeep cruise slowly around a corner , still search for indy . indy jump over a fence into the backyard of a prim house . 19 20 21 17 . 10/12/07 ext back yard day indy plow right through somebody 's laundry hang on a line , and head for the back door of the house . indy hello ! hello ! int somebody 's house dusk indy enter and find himself in a perfect little kitchen , appoint with all the latest appliance , include a heavy - duty refrigerator . indy hello ?! hello ?! anybody home ?! indy grab the phone , the phone line be break . he hear faint music form the other room . int live room dusk indy race into the live room , where the music be louder . it 's the theme from the howdy doody show . a family ( mom , dad , and two kide ) be seat with they back to he , watch howdy on the black and white tv set . indy hey , hey , Russians ..... ( or on C ) I knock . you guy get a telephone . nobody move . nobody answer . they just stare at the screen . indy ( cont have ) wait a minute . hey , dad be not a dad at all and Mom be not a mom and in fact this be not even real people ! they be mannequin . BUFFALO bob why , howdy , have not you guess yet ? it 's a imaginary place ! indy be stunne , try to process what 's happen . he go to the front door and step out -- 22 18 . 10/12/07 ext house day - and onto the front lawn . a mannequin milkman be freeze at the front walkway , hold onto a milk crate . indy walk to the sidewalk . a frozen newspaper boy on a bicycle . a AIR raid siren start to wail . indy be startle he bump into the bicycle , the boy fall . indy turn something horrible come together in he mind . indy oh , that can not be good . indy look at the freeze kid stand around the Ice cream truck . the mannequin ice cream man hand out a popsicle . he turn and look at the mannequin mailman , deliver fake mail . across the street , a mannequin pedestrian be freeze in stride , walk a fake dog . he see a group of freeze woman hang the laundry . a deafening voice bellow from hide loudspeaker . voice all personnel take final position . countdown to detonation commence at t- minus one minute . indy that can not be good at all . indy look down Main Street . next to a sign , the kind that should say welcome to mayberry or something , but this one say -- doom town U.S. Army prove Ground civilian turn back ! * + ok 23 18a . 10/12/07 ext edge of town dusk -- the Russian Soldiers be walk down the street toward he , with they gun draw . voice ( 0.s. ) t-minus forty - five second . one of the Russians turn , see , there , a few hundred yard out of town stand a metal - frame tower festoon with siren and loudspeaker . suspend beneath a platform in the middle -- -- be a nuclear bomb . the Russian 's eye go wide and he scream at the Soldiers in the jeep . soldier bozbpowantecb ! zto - somsa ! oha b3apbetc ! ( get back , it 's a bomb , it will explode ! ) they hit the gas , race past indy , the soldier leap inside , and they roar the hell out of doom town . indy sure , don ’t wait for I !! he race a few step after they , then realize it 's pointless . voice ( 0.s. ) t-minus thirty second and count . indy make a desperate decision . he turn and run , but not out of town ; indy head back into the house . + % + ok + % 24 25 19 . 10/12/07 int house dusk indy burst into the same house as before , racing down the hallway , dogge by the cheery '' howdy doody '' theme music . voice ( 0.s. ) t-minus fifteen second and count . int kitchen dusk indy run into the kitchen and throw open the old - style refrigerator . voice ( 0.s. ) t-minus ten second and count . indy yank everything out of the fridge , shelf and all . voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) t-minus five second and count . indy jump into the fridge and slam the door -- voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) four . -- but the door bounce open , can be block it -- voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) Three . -- he clean the rest of the thing out -- voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) two . -- and slam the door . as it close a little metal plate on the corner of the door pop into focus , it read -- voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) one . -- '' lead - line for superior insulation ! '' the screen turn white . 26 27 20 . 10/12/07 in the incredible glare , mannequin fly apart in the blast - furnace , body ignite like matchhead , kid be sweep off they bike , mailman and pedestrian turn to cinder in a split-second , the buick and its wave Driver tumble down the street like a flame toy . wall collapse , house implode , roof fly away . ext desert dusk a mile away , the Russian Soldiers be drive like mad , get out of town at eighty mile a hour , but it be not fast enough , as a blastwave of heat and debris come rocketing across the blast , turn sand to glass . and in the instant before the blastwave consume they , the last thing the Russians see be -- -- a refrigerator zipping past they , riding the blastwave . and then the Russians be vaporize , they jeep melting into the desert sand . we be engulf by dust . dissolve to : 28 21 . 10/15/07 ext desert dusk a couple mile from doom town , the dust billow away to reveal a scorched , half - melt refrigerator lie in a pile of debris . we hear thumping from within , the latch give , and the door swing up with a heave . indy emerge , unsteady on he foot . he stagger toward we , a prairie dog be watch he indy what be you look at ? indy get up and grab he whip from the refrigerator , he head up the hill . as he settles gaze up with horror and awe at -- a huge mushroom cloud , rise up over the desert floor . indy stand there , silhouett against the billow , seethe cloud , and be it we imagination or , with its creepy , hollow - out eye socket , do that deadly cloud bear a strong resemblance -- -- to a human skull ? CUT to : 29 21a . 10/17/07 int decontamination room day indy , exhaust , be in a decontamination room he 's surround by four soldier in medical gowns and goggle who be scrubbing he roughly with long - handle brushes . two shadowy man in dark suit and skinny tie , smith and taylor , stand a short distance away , regard he suspiciously . a SMALL man with a geiger counter wave a metal wand across indy 's body . there be few , if any , click . a soldier in uniform enter and hand smith a paper . he enter the room . indy be seat on a table , Taylor be stand on the other side . smith you story appear to check out . but I be still mystify , Dr. Jones , as to why you be in the Russian car in the first place . indy I tell you , I be knock unconscious and kidnap from a dig in Mexico . I wake up I be in the trunk of that car smith along with you good friend George mchale ? indy I have no reason to believe Mac be a spy . he be mi6 when I be 0.s.s. , we do twenty or thirty mission together in Europe and the Pacific , we - taylor do not wave you war record in we face , Colonel Jones , we all serve . indy no kid ? what side be you on ? Smith start to walk in back of indy , as Taylor cross in front smith I do not think you understand the gravity of you situation . you aid and abetted kgb operative who break into a ( he sit ) secret military installation , in the heart of the United States of America . my country . * * + HH HH 22 . indy what be in that steel box they take ? taylor ( as he leans on the table ) you tell we . you have see it before . indy you mean that Air force fiasco in ' 47 ? I be toss into a bus with black out window and twenty people I be not allow to speak ( talk ) to -- haul out in the middle of the night to the middle of nowhere on some urgent recovery project and show - what ? piece of wreckage and a intensely magnetic shroud cover --( still unsure what it be ) -- mutilate remain ? none of we be every give the full picture and we be threaten with treason if we ever talk about it . so you tell I -- what be in the box ? taylor this process work best when we ask the question , Dr. Jones . indy mummify remain ? smith we record do not indicate anything of that nature be house there . taylor you must be confuse , Dr. Jones . smith the only thing that facility store be replacement part for B series aircraft . * he hhh HH HH HH hf * + % 23. the door bang open and a two -star Army General barrel into the room -- general ross . around indy 's age , big man , big voice . general ross indy , thank God ! do not you know it 's dangerous to climb into a refrigerator ? that thing be death trap ! Ross be smile , he 's kid . indy smile back . indy good to see you too , Bob . general ross ( to Smith and Taylor ) relax , boy , I can vouch for Dr. Jones . indy ( to Ross ) what the hell 's go on ? kgb on american soil ? who be that woman ? taylor describe she . indy tall , thin , mid-thirty . she carry a sword of some kind -- a rapier , I think . knew how to use it , too . Smith and Taylor exchange a look -- they recognize that description . Taylor step out of the room quickly . through a glass panel , we see Taylor , outside the room , pick up a phone and make a call . + ok + % 24 . Ross produce a file from he briefcase and flip it open show indy a surveillance photograph of spalko . indy pick up the file and look at it . indy ( cont have ) yeah , that 's she . smith ( to indy ) you be sure she 's here ? indy here and go . who be she ? Smith do not answer indy . but General Ross do . general ross irina spalko , stalin 's fair-haire girl . his favorite scientist , if you can call psychic research science . Smith step in , try to end this conversation . indy look through the file . smith General Ross . general ross she 's lead team from the kremlin all over the world , scoop up artifact she think might have paranormal military application . she 's - smith General Ross . Smith take the file from indy and close it . Ross turn , and Smith give he a icy glare . general ross back off , Paul . not everyone in the Army be a commie . and certainly not indy . Ross sit at the head of the table . indy also sit and put he foot up . + ok + % 30 25 . indy what exactly be I be accuse with , besides survive a nuclear blast ? outside , Taylor hang up the phone and re-enter the room . smith nothing yet . but frankly , you association with George mchale call into question all you activity , include that during the war . general ross be you nut ? do you have any idea how many medal this son of a bitch have win ? smith a great many , I be sure . but do he deserve they ? taylor Dr. Jones , let 's just say for now that you be of interest to the Bureau . smith of great interest . indy look , you get any doubt about I , talk to congressman freleng . or abe portman in Army Intel . Hell , ask anybody , I have get a lot of friend in Washington ! taylor I think , Professor , you 'il find you might be wrong about that . CUT to : ext university campus day a beautiful college campus . a big banner tell we homecome this Saturday . but ominous footstep echo over the quad . be * 31 32 26 . int campus build day a pair of dress shoe click down a hallway in one of the building . dean charle stanforth , sixtyish , stop at a door and look through the window , we see indy , dress in he tweedy professor 's garb , teach a class . indy --a period of time distinguished with the use of groove ware and the beginning of modern drainage practice which we also see in skara brae , on the west coast of Scotland . inside the classroom , stanforth slip quietly inside and lean against the wall . indy skara brae date back to 3100 b.c . and be continuously occupy for a period of about six hundred year until its apparent abandonment in 2500 b.c . there 's no clear ( solid ) evidence as to why its - he stop and look at stanforth . stanforth look grim . indy stumble , know something 's up . indy ( cont have ) its inhabitant decide to abandon to , uh , leave a perfectly healthy settlement ( environment ) ( to stanforth ) yes ? stanforth May I have a moment , Professor ? indy yes of course . indy turn back in and address he class . indy ( cont have ) uh , open up michaelson , review chapter four . when I come back we 'il discuss the difference between migration ( emigration ) and exodus . * ee * * + HH HH * + % + * hf + % * + * hf 33 27 . he step into the hall , close the door behind he . the student lean forward to hear what 's go on outside . indy ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) what ?! the student look up sharply . indy and the Dean be visible through the glass ; indy look like he 's go to clobber he . out in the hallway , stanforth 's try to calm he . stanforth you have no idea the pressure come from the board of regent . the FBI show up this morning , they ransacke you office , searched all you file -- indy and you do not stop they ? you be the dean of this college , they have no right ! * stanforth they have every right ! they be not vandal , they be federal agent with search warrant . the University 's not go to let itself be embroil in that kind of controversy , not in this * charge climate . * indy lead stanforth down the hallway . * indy so you be fire I ? stanforth a leave of absence , be all . a * indefinite leave of absence -- indy you be fire I ! stanforth -- during which they have agree to continue to pay you full salary for a period of - indy I do not want they money . i’11 tell you * what they can do with they money . * 27a . stanforth please do not be foolish , you do not know what I have to go through to get that for you . indy what you go through ? ( what you have to go through ? ) what exactly do you have to go through , Charlie ? stanforth Henry . I resign . indy just look at he , dumbfounded . CUT to : 34 28 . int indy 's house day indy be fold a shirt , he put it in a suitcase that 's on the bed in indy 's bedroom . stanforth be stand in the archway . they be halfway through a bottle of red wine , middle of the afternoon . stanforth where will you go ? indy train to New York , overnight to London , for starter . might end up teach in leipzig , heinrich owe I a favor indy move to the closet , open up one of the drawer and take out some clothes . he move back to the bed . indy ( cont have ) I 'il wire you when I get settle and you can send the rest of my thing he go back to the closet and get a couple of belt , he walk back to the pack . stanforth I suppose there 's nothing to keep you here . I barely recognize this country anymore , the government 's get we see communist in we soup . when the hysteria reach academia , I guess it 's time to call it a career . indy pick up he glass and move to the live room . indy how have deirdre take the news ? stanforth follow . stanforth how do any wife take such thing ? the look on she face be a combination of pride and panic . stanforth finish he drink . indy move to he desk and open the drawer . indy I never should have doubted you , my friend . 29 . stanforth we seem to be at the age where life stop give we thing and start take they away . pause . wow , bummer . then they both snap out of it at the same time , indy bolt up to resume pack while stanforth reach for the wine . stanforth ( cont would ) maybe just another half a glass ... indy go to he desk and rifle through some papers , take a few , include he passport , throw out some other . stanforth ( cont would ) I wish you have meet someone like deirdre , to help you through time like this . or if you have realize it when you do meet she ... indy let 's not tug on that thread right now , okay pal ? stanforth hold he hand up in surrender , okay , I 'il drop it . he notice he watch . stanforth good Lord , I have get to get home . Don and maggie be drive spousum et familia up from the city for dinner . emergency family council meeting . indy ( with a touch of envy ) they be good kid . stanforth healthy and employ , I 'il settle for that . I be off . ( stand , sway from the wine ) and I believe I should walk . indy thank you for what you do , my friend . stanforth I cut quite the dramatic figure . the regent be stunne into shame silence . at least that 's the way I will tell it to the grandkid . 29a . stanforth healthy and employ , I 'il settle for that . I be off . ( stand , sway from the wine ) and I believe I should walk . indy good idea . indy stand and move to stanforth . he fix he jacket indy ( cont have ) thank you my friend , for what you do . stanforth I cut quite the dramatic figure . indy I bet you do . they move towards the door . stanforth the regent be stunne into shame silence . at least that 's the way I will tell it to the grandchild . indy open the front door . stanforth turn to indy with one last think . stanforth ( cont would ) you know , when you be young you spend all you time think '' who will I be ? '' and for year you be busy shouting at the world '' this be who I be ! '' but lately I have be wonder -- after I be go , who will they say I be ? stanforth leave . indy look for a moment . indy bye Charlie . he close the door . 35 36 30 . ext train station day -- and we be at the train station , the sound be the train 's whistle as it get ready to pull out . indy get out of a cab in the parking lot . a sedan arrive with dimitri and he two associate -- all dress in suit . when dimitri look to he associate in the back seat , the man give he the '' go ahead . '' they pull away . as indy hurry up the step to the platform carry he suitcase , a '' harley davidson '' motorcycle glide to a halt . indy walk down the platform between two train . pause on the step of he train car , he glance back to he city . and just as he step into the car , two of the man in suit slip aboard at the other end of the train . they be follow he . after indy find he seat , a motorcycle rider in a black leather jacket , jeans , boot , cap , and leather glove cruise up the platform . he seem to be look for someone . mutt william be twenty , american , and impatient . as the train whistle blow one last time , he spot indy . mutt whip the bike into a quick turn . on the platform the train start to pull out of the station . mutt pull even with indy 's train car , and shout to he . mutt hey ! mister ! hey , buddy ! ( louder ) hey Professor ! indy turn . mutt ( cont have ) be you Dr. Jones ? indy nod , then look sup ahead , at the end of the platform . indy you be run out of platform , kid . * * + % + ok + % * 31 . he turn . mutt shout : mutt you be a friend of Dr. Oxley , right ? indy turn back . he know the name . indy harold Oxley , the archaeologist ? mutt yeah ! indy what about he ? mutt they be go to kill he . indy grab he bag and get off the train . 37 omitted CUT to : 38 32 . int bernie 's diner day Saturday afternoon . letter sweater , saddle shoe , a juke box play '' wake up Little suzie '' mostly college type in the place , but a dozen greaser in the back drink beer , look for trouble . a lettermen walk up to the jukebox about to select a song . one of the greaser put he hand on he head and spin around , the lettermen walk back to he table indy and mutt be in the diner , a waitress pour coffee at they table mutt turn he hat over and pick up a photograph hand it to indy . close on a photograph of mutt , a few year young , stand next to a bookish man in he mid-fifty , more buttone - down than the second floor of brook Brothers . indy ( 0.s. ) I have not talk to harold Oxley in twenty year . we lose touch . we have a fall out . he cut I off , angry about something or other . I never find out about what it be . too bad , he 's a brilliant guy . he could put you to sleep by talk though . mutt when I be a kid , that 's how I do get to sleep . the ox be better than a glass of warm milk . ( offer he hand ) name 's mutt Williams . indy '' mutt ? '' what kind of name be that ? mutt it 's the one I pick , you get a problem with that ? indy take it easy . what be Oxley you uncle or something ? ( what be you relationship to Oxley ? ) mutt kind of . my dad die in the war and the ox help my mom raise I . he pull a comb from he back pocket and dip it in a glass of coke on the table next to he . he run it through he carefully keep hair . 32a . indy you say they be go to kill he . mutt put he comb away and lean in closer to indy . mutt about six month ago my mom get a letter from the ox . he be down in Peru . he say he find some kind of skull , crystal skull , like the one that guy Mitchell - hodgkin , Mitchell - hodgkin find . 33 . he turn and grab a bottle of beer off the tray of a waitress serve the table next to they . ( she do not see . ) indy the ox and I be obsessed with the Mitchell - hedge skull when we be in college . how do you know about it ? indy take the beer from mutt and put it back on the waitress 's tray . ( she do not see that either . ) mutt you kid ? ox could talk about that thing till the cow come home . that 's all he talk about . what be it , like a idol ? indy it 's a deity carve . meso - american . there 's a few crystal skull in the world . I see one in the british Museum . they be impressive craftsmanship , but that 's about it . mutt Oxley say the skull have psychic power . indy like , '' stare into its eye and it will drive you crazy ? '' mutt laugh all you want , but ox say he find it this time . this be real , and he be on he way to a place call akator with it . indy sit forward -- now he 's interested . indy akator ? mutt akator . indy he say that ? be you sure ? mutt akator , that 's what he say . ( or ) yeah . what be it ? 33A . indy it 's a mythical , a lose city in the amazon . the conquistadors call it El dorado . supposedly the ugha tribe be choose by the god 7,000 year ago to build a great ( giant ) city out of solid gold . ( more ) 34 . indy ( cont have ) with aqueduct , paved road , technology that would not be see again for another five thousand year . francesco de orellana disappear into the amazon look for it in 1546 . I almost die ( myself ) of typhus ( myself ) look for it . I do not think it exist . mutt why would ox want to take the skull there ? indy the legend say that a crystal skull be steal from akator in the fifteenth or sixteenth century . that whoever return this skull to the city 's temple will be give control over its power . ( power ) mutt power ? ( power ) ( so there be some kind of power ) what kind of power ? indy I do not know , kid . it 's just a story . mutt from he letter , my mom think the ox be off he rocker . ( tap he head ) smog in the noggin’ . go down to find he , only he have already be kidnap , and now they have get she too . ox hide ( bury ) the skull somewhere , and if my mom do not come up with it , they be gonna kill ‘em both . she say you have help I . indy I ? what 's you mom 's name , again ? mutt Mary , Mary william . you remember she ? indy there be a lot of Mary 's , kid . mutt slam the table and get up . mutt shut up , man , you talk about my mother . that 's my mother . do not , alright , that 's my mother ! 34a . indy look , you do not have to get sore all the time to prove how tough you be , okay ? sit down , relax , please sit down . you want my help or not ? 35 . mutt my mom say if anybody could find the skull it 's you . like you be some type of grave robber or something . indy I be a teacher . ( I be a professor ) ( I ’ma tenure professor ) mutt you be a teacher . ( perfect - just we luck , just my luck you be a teacher . you be a teacher that 's a big help . that should be a big help . you be a teacher great I love teacher ) she call I two week ago from South America , tell I she escape but they be after she . she say she have just mail I a letter from the ox , and I be suppose to give it to you . then the line go dead . mutt pull a envelope from he jacket and give it to indy , who open it and pull out a single page . mutt ( cont have ) I open it . it 's pointless the thing 's gibberish , though , it 's not even English lettering . indy wait a minute . he nod toward the soda counter -- the two bulky guy from the train station have follow they here . indy ( cont have ) that two brick over at the counter be not here for the milkshake . he follow they gaze down to the letter he hold in he hand . they seem awfully interested in it , suddenly alert . indy fold the letter and slip it in he jacket pocket as the bulky guy approach the table . mutt who be they ? indy I do not know . maybe FBI . the bulky guy arrive at the table . they speak with Russian accent . 35a . russian 1 come quietly , Dr. jones. 36 . indy make that kgb . russian 1 and bring letter with you . indy ( to the Russian ) letter ? what letter ? russian 1 letter Mr. Williams just give you . mutt do I look like a mailman ? russian 2 we do not ask again . come now or - click ! mutt have pop open a switchblade , which he hold behind he fold arm , it 's long nasty blade shine in the light . mutt or what ? indy Nice try , kid , but I think you bring a knife -- click click ! both Russians take out they handgun point out from they jacket . indy ( cont have ) -- to a gunfight . russian 1 ( gesture ) outside . now . indy put he hat on and grab he briefcase . mutt pick up he hat , and put he knife away . they both start to move out . the Russians lead they across the crowded diner , walk slowly behind they , they hand inside they coat menacingly . indy look around , think wildly . the pass a lettermen stand , talk to a girl in a poodle ecutdt / cacliay 36a . indy look at they , and at mutt . indy ( to mutt ) punch that guy . mutt who ? 37 . indy ( gesture to the letterman ) Joe College . hit he . hard . mutt get it . he grin -- mutt hold this . ( motion with he hat ) -- the guy turn , and mutt smashes he in the face . there be shout and scream from around they as the letterman go down . girl in the poodle skirt ( sasha ) that 's my boyfriend . she punch mutt , and then the letterman punch mutt . mutt land next to the greaser , they take off they glass and get ready . indy grab the girl and push she aside , he hurl he suitcase push a table , it fall block the Russians . the Russians see what 's happen and try to move through the crowd , towards indy , -- indy see they approach , he put he hat on one of the student and duck . 2nd letterman get that greaser ! they all leap into the fray , swinging chair and fist . mayhem ! they leap into the fray , swinging chair and fist . mayhem ! somebody 's toss into the jukebox ; '' wake up Little suzie change over to '' shake , rattle and Roll . '' mutt and indy take off , head for the front door the Russians fight to get to indy and mutt but it 's chaos now and they can not get to they before they be out the door . 39 38 . int alley day indy and mutt race down the sidewalk , where mutt 's motorcycle be park . mutt , put on he glove , leap on board , indy think , fast : indy you mom do not escape , they let she go . so she could mail the letter , and you could bring it to I and I could translate it . mutt ( kick it to life with a roar ) get on grump , time to cut out ! indy have no choice but to hop on the bike . mutt hit the gas and the bike kick a wheelie as it roar out of the alley . the Russians finally make it out of the diner . a girl grab hold of Russian # 1 's neck . he throw she off , they look around , see hem at the bike . they run down the sidewalk . the Russian sedan 's screech around a corner and pull up to they . they get in , the car roar out after they . 40 4l 42 38a . on board the bike , indy cling to mutt as the kid race through the use - to- be - peaceful american street . they be put distance between themselves and the Russian sedan , but now a -- -- second sedan roar out of a side street and pull up alongside they on the leave . the sedan edge over toward mutt , both drive at high speed . dimitri blizhei ! ( closer ) mutt 's get no room to maneuver , they be squeezing he up alongside a speed bus , they be get crush . russian arm reach out the open back window of the sedan . indy turn and punch dimitri , he hat fly off . the Russian grab hold of indy -- dimitri svoloch ! ( bastard ) teper trimoi ! ( now you be mine ) -- and drag he right off the motorcycle ! int russian car day indy get haul into the back seat of the Russian sedan , but he kick the driver , knock off he hat , then turn and punch dimitri , until he knock he out . indy crawl , toward the open window on the other side of the seat . through the back window , we can see mutt drop behind the car , then gun the bike and speed up , approach the leave side of the sedan . indy get a hold of the window frame and boost himself out of the window - - ext STREET day -- and be hang half out of the car when mutt roar up alongside he . indy grab onto the motorcycle but do not quite nail the landing . hanging onto the bar on the back of the seat , he 's drag behind the motorcycle for a good fifty yard before mutt see what 's go on -- 44 45 39 . -- tap the brake -- -- and indy sail up into the air , over the slow motorcycle , slam into mutt 's back , and land hard on the seat behind he . the bus and sedan continue down the street as the bike peel off across oncoming traffic and through a iron gate . the black sedan follow crash through the close iron gate , break off the gate on one side as it go through . the bike and sedan # 2 continue through the courtyard and the bike lead the sedan through a archway tunnel and into another open area . the sedan continue chase the bike up to the point where the bike go through a narrow passageway with a gothic arch . the passageway be too narrow and the sedan have to stop . the sedan then back away from the passageway . the bike continue on through a series of archway passage as people jump out of the way . at the end of the last archway the bike enter the flow of traffic again . the sedan chase the bike again as it re-enter traffic until the bike turn off the road ... onto a smaller walkway , and then turn off the walkway and go up the stair into the library . the sedan stop and then back out . ext busy STREET day -- onto a busy street , where mutt gun it . the # 1 sedan he at the corner and see they drive by . dimitri yell at the driver to follow they . the sedan be immediately on they again give chase as mutt head for : he drive through another archway and into a open field in the middle of the building . the CENTER of town , where there 's a demonstration go on , a speaker , banner , placard . the motorcycle zip neatly through they , but the sedan be not so nimble . a student leap out of the way of the sedan and he placard slap across the windshield . + ok + % + ok + % + ok * + % 46 47 39a . inside the sedan , we can read the placard -- as they hit the windshield . mutt get the idea to run over the large '' better dead than red '' sign . he run the motorcycle through the pole , the sign fall on the windshield . the car drive blindly , it tear apart . omitted omitted 48 40 . the car smashes into the base of a statue of Marcus brody . the crash cause the head of the statue to break off , it roll down and crash through the windshield . it land on the driver 's lap . mutt and indy watch . mutt be happy with himself . the second sedan appear out of the nearby archway . mutt take off , the sedan chase after they . as mutt roar away , dimitri and the driver get out of the car . the driver hand the head to dimitri , he drop the head . 43 40a . int library day -- the school library . the bike roar into the main read room , send book and magazine fly into the air . student dive out of the way , indy shout . indy this be the library , you be go too fast ! mutt hey , hey ! Split , split . move , move , get out of the way ! student dive out of the way , one student carry a armload of book be stand still , he scream . mutt see he and also scream , he turn , just miss the student . his wheel spin out from under he and the bike lay down , right in the middle of the read room . mutt and indy slide across the room , crash under the table . they come to a stop , right in front of a seat student . student Excuse I , Dr. Jones . indy yes . student I have get a quick question about hargrove 's normative culture model -- mutt get up , indy hop on the back of the bike . indy forget hargrove . read Vere Gordon childe on diffusionism , he spend most of he life in the field . mutt kick the bike 's starter and it roar back to life . indy ( cont have ) if you wanna be a good archaeologist you gotta -- mutt gun it and the bike take off , indy shout back -- indy ( cont have ) -- get out of the library ! the hike roar awav * * + ok * * 49 41 . ext indy 's house dusk indy go to the bookshelve . he pull down a thick book , flip to a section in the middle . he move to the couch . mutt be look around . mutt be this you pad ? it 's the first place they 's 11 look for we , we should get out of here ! indy just give I a minute . indy sit and pull Oxley 's letter from he pocket and study it . he pull a pair of glass from he pocket and slip they on . he compare the symbol there with the symbol in Oxley 's letter mutt look at himself in the mirror , he start to comb he hair indy ( cont have ) just what I think so . koihoma . mutt what 's that ? indy a extinct Latin american language . ( he grab a small journal and a pencil ) pre- columbian syllabary system . see this diagonal stress on the ideogam ? definitely koihoma . mutt you speak it ? mutt take out a stick of gum and begin to chew . indy nobody speak it , it have not be hear out loud in three thousand year . might be able to read a little -- he flip to another page , further in the book , also cover with ancient symbol . he mutter to himself , compare the two page and scribbling on the journal . indy ( cont have ) -- if I walk it through mayan first . 42. mutt you know , for a old man , you be not bad in a fight . indy thanks a lot . mutt so what be you , like eighty ? still work , indy laugh through the desire to punch mutt in the face . do not look at he . indy hard livin’ , kid . I be not recommend it . he hold up the page he 's write , read from it . indy ( cont have ) '' follow the line in the earth that only the god can read which lead to orellana 's cradle , guard by the live dead . '' ( a idea ) only the god can read . he 's talk about the nazca line . mutt what be that ? indy stand and go back to the book shelf . indy geoglyph . here we go . he find the book and walk back to mutt , he flip through it , search for a certain page . indy ( cont have ) giant ancient drawing , scratch into the desert floor in Peru . from the ground they do not look like anything , but from the air ( sky ) -- ah ! he spin the book around to face mutt , who bend over to examine it . two whole page be devote to serial photograph of beautiful carving in the peruvian desert . one look like a monkey , another like a spider , a hummingbird -- and a large - head humanoid figure . 50 43. indy ( cont have ) only the god can read they , because the god -- ( gesture ) -- live up there . ( this be before airplane ) Oxley 's tell we the skull be in nazca , Peru . and it 's a good bet the Russians be the one who have he . the kremlin probably think the skull have some potential as a weapon , that 's why they be after it . mutt if it get my mom back , they can have it . let 's go , and try not to slow I down . mutt start to head for the door , but indy be think indy akator . that would be the find of a lifetime . indy move to the bedroom indy ( cont have ) create a reputation no politician could touch . int indy 's bedroom dusk bam ! indy smack open the closet door in he bedroom . his hat be still there , in the foreground , and the whip be curl on the top shelf , the handle stick out . 43a . retake 8-31-07 - int . indy 's house - dusk mutt so what be you , like , eighty ? still work , indy look up hold the letter indy it 's a riddle . leave it to Oxley to write a riddle in a dead language . '' follow the line in the earth that only the god can read which lead to orellana 's cradle , guard by the live dead . '' ( a idea - he get up ) he 's talk about the nazca line . indy walk to back to the bookshelf . mutt what be that ? ( what be they ? ) indy grab a large book . indy here we go . geoglyph . he walk back to mutt , flip through it , find the page . two whole page be devote to aerial photograph of beautiful carving in the peruvian desert . one look like a monkey , another like a spider , a hummingbird -- and a large head humanoid figure . indy ( cont have ) giant ancient drawing , carve into the desert floor in nazca Peru . from the ground they do not look like much ( anything ) but from the sky -- ( he take he glass off ) only the god can read , because only god - ( gesture ) live up there . Oxley 's tell we the skull be in nazca , Peru . and it 's a good bet the Russians have he . the kremlin probably think the skull have some potential as a weapon , that 's why they be after it . mutt look teach , if it get my mom back , they can have whatever they want . let 's go ( let 's split ) mutt start to head for the door , but indy be think and stop he . 43b . indy akator . he move to he bedroom . indy ( cont have ) akator . it would be the find of a lifetime . he go to the closet . indy ( cont have ) create a reputation no politician could touch . indy pick up he hat - close on the hat ! 51 51a 51b 51cc 43c . 10/15/07 begin TRAVEL montage . a series of dissolves take place against a move map with a animated red line . from the East Coast they make they way southwest to Mexico City , Mexico City airport mutt 's motorcycle be be carte towards the cargo hold of a ' panagra 's plane . mutt watch they , indy tip one of the worker . indy carry a rucksack . as the red line move toward the desert coast of Peru , int . panagra plane -day mutt be busy clean he bike , indy watch he , he try to get some sleep . the plane continue travel indy and mutt be look out the window , the plane make a turn . indy and mutt move to the other side of the plane . there , scratch into the desert floor below , be the actual nazca line . the red line reach its end the panagra plane take off again , revealing indy , the bike , and mutt stand in a desert airstrip , with a few chicken run around . nazca , peru CUT to : * + ok * * 52 44 , 10/15/07 ext nazca day the windswept desert city of nazca be like casablanca -- teaming , international , dangerous . and hot . always , everywhere , hot mutt 's motorcycle be chain to a metal post outside a cantina at the edge of a town square . mutt 's at a outdoor table beside it finish a bottle of Coke , add it to a pyramid of five other in front of he . look bored , he 's be there a while . indy be nearby , speak to a couple local in Spanish , get a animated story from they . he finish and rejoin mutt . indy finally -- they see he . ox come wonder into town a few month ago , rave like a mad man . the police lock he up in a sanitarium . it 's this way . mutt I motto . he start walk . mutt fall into stride alongside he . mutt ( cont ’d ) I take Spanish , man , I do not understand a word of that . what be it ? indy quechua . local incan dialect . mutt where 's you learn that one ? indy Long story . mutt I get time . indy I ride with pancho villa . a couple of he guy speak it . 45 . mutt bull-shit ! indy you ask . mutt pancho villa ? indy technically , I be kidnap . mutt by pancho villa ? indy it be the fight against victoriano huerta . indy spit on the ground at the mention of huerta 's name . mutt how old be you ? indy ' bout you age . mutt you parent musta lose it , huh ?. indy thin be -- a little tense at home . mutt thing be a little tense between I and my mom right now . indy treat she right , kid , you only get one . ( muttere ) and sometimes not for long . mutt it be not my problem ( my fault ) , it 's hers . she get p.o.e cause I quit school , like I be some kind of goof or cause I quit school . indy you quit school ? 45a . mutt sure , ton of ‘em . Fancy prep school . teach you chess , debate , fencing : I be great with a blade . I just think it 's a waste of time . 53 46 . indy you never finish ? mutt Nah , it 's all useless skill and the wrong book . I mean , I love read , ox make I read all the time . now I can pick ‘em myself , you get I . indy what do you do for money ? mutt fix motorcycle . indy plan on do that forever ? mutt maybe I will , teach . you get a problem with that ? indy no , not if that 's what you love do , do not let anybody tell you any different . as they head toward the hulk sanitarium at the end of the street , the brim of a Panama hat rise in the foreground . somebody 's watch they . the head turn , and we get a good look at he as indy and mutt walk away . it 's indy 's old friend mac. CUT to : ext sanitarium day the loom facade of the sanitarium . indy and mutt walk toward it , and indy read the word carve over the door indy Saint Anthony de padua . ( this be it ) - ( here we be ) ( see the irony ) the patron saint of lose thing . 46a . retake 8-31-07 -a peruvian nun open a gate , indy and mutt enter . she speak in Spanish , indy translate , while mutt trail they . they head down the step into a corridor in the sanitarium . indy and the peruvian nun ( in spanish ) ne se donde esta el , pero the voy a mostrar la celda . vinieron hombre armado . hombre malo y se lo llevaron . ( I do not know where he be , I will take you to he cell . armed man come . bad man and they take he ) estaba obsesionado con la pintura , pintaba today las parede al borde de la locura . ( he be obsessed with painting , he paint all the wall he be crazy ) indy she say ox , he 's not here now ( he be not here ) she 's go to show we the cell . she do not know where he be ( where he want ) some man come and take he away , man with gun . she say Oxley be obsessed , derange , draw picture all over the wall of the cell . nun continue down the corridor . peruvian nun estaba obsesinado con la pintura . pintaba todas las parede . lo dejo hasta el borde de la locura . indy she say he be obsessed , derange , he draw picture all over the wall of he cell . mutt look into the cell , freak out by the inmate behind the bar on either side of the stone hallway . carlo El sabia que se I pegaba . ( he know it be stick to I ) y lo pique , lo pique , lo pique ( and I stab he , and stab he , and stab he ) the nun move ahead to a certain cell and begin to open the lock . indy take out Oxley 's letter . he and mutt stand nearby . 46b . indy this riddle of Oxley 's make no sense '' ... follow the line only the god can read lead to orellana 's cradle . '' cradle ? cradle ? birth , orellana be not bear in Peru , he be bear in Spain . he be a conquistador , he come here for gold . mutt what happen to he ? indy disappear along with six other . they body be never find . the nun unlock the door -- indy and mutt enter the cell . 54 47 . int sanitarium day indy and mutt walk down a endless corridor in the sanitarium , lead by a peruvian nun . she and indy converse in whisper Spanish while mutt trail they , freak out by the inmate behind the bar on either side of the stone hallway . scratchy classical music play on a old record player . nun este hombre ha pasado todo el limite de la locura . esta completamente obsesionado . La obsesion fue tan grande . que ha pasado el limite de la locura . esta completamente obsesionado de la pintura . no ha dejado una pare sin pintar . todo parece loco . obsesionado Hay Professor Jones esta completamente transtornado . ha pintado todas las parede . es una obseion qui tiene con las pinturas . La obsesion de este hombre come esta transtornado no se puede explicar . Su mente esta totalmente transtornada . esta obsesionado con las pinturas en las parede . a pintado de dia y de noche . a dejado todo pintoado . indy take out Oxley 's letter and read it . suddenly one of the inmate lunge forward and grab mutt by the jacket , he have he hand on mutt , pull he toward they until -- -- indy 's hand clamp down on mutt 's jacket and pull he free . the inmate yell , in Spanish , it 's as if he 's speak in tongue -- some clear some not . inmate El venia pero you no podia v er y llegaba la sangre . acercaba . agarre y lo picaba y lo picaba y I quieria matar y lo picaba y lo picaba . El caia ensima de mis . the nun move quickly out of the way , indy and mutt follow she . indy she say Oxley be derange . obsess . he draw picture all over the wall of he cell . 55 ata . 10/17/07 indy ( cont have ) '' ... follow the line only the god can read ... lead to orellana 's cradle . '' ( muse to himself ) mutt what ? indy '' ... follow the line only the god can read lead to orellana 's cradle . '' cradle ? make no sense , orellana be not bear in Peru , he be bear in Spain . he be a conquistador , he come here look for gold . mutt what happen to he ? indy disappear along with six other . they body be never find . the nun stop at a certain cell , unlock it -- int cell day -- and swing the metal door wide open . indy and mutt step into the room , which be about twenty foot square . very spare , a cot , a sink , two small window , and a stone floor but what immediately catch they attention be the wall . the lady be not kid , Oxley be obsessed , and have indeed draw picture on the stone wall of he cell . picture of the Crystal Skull . 48 . they be everywhere . Big version , small one , abstract -- dozen and dozen of drawing of the skull , smother the four wall . the far wall be one great big draw , and ox have use the small square window for the skull 's eye . mutt ox , man , what happen to you ? indy turn , notice the emotion on mutt 's face . he watch he for a moment , realize the depth of he connection with Oxley . mutt notice indy notice and turn away , embarrassed . indy look back to the drawing , study they . in the profile drawing , the back of the head be elongate . indy this be not anything like the Mitchell - hedge skull . look at the cranium -- the elongation . there 's something else write on the wall of the cell -- a series of word , but not different word , they be : indy ( cont have ) the same word , over and over , in different language . mutt find one in Spanish and translate : mutt '' return . '' return where ? indy or '' what . '' 56 57 49 , mutt you mean the skull ? indy gesture to the drawing , make the understatement of the year . indy seem to be on he mind . mutt where be he suppose to return it to ? he go back down to he note , study the line from the letter that he transcribe . indy look down . at the floor . he notice something . drop to he knee and run he fingertip across the floor . he find a groove there , something scratch in the floor . he trace along the line , find another , and another , somebody have carve line into the soft stone floor back out in the hallway , indy grab a broom from the janitor 's cart . back in the cell , bam ! the broom fly at mutt , who catch it with one hand , right in front of he face . indy sweep . indy go to the far wall and start to climb it , hoist himself up onto the window ledge , then climb to the next ledge , get higher and higher when indy 's a good ten foot off the ground , he turn back look at the area mutt have sweep clean . indy ( cont have ) ox do not mean orellana 's birthplace - cradle mean more than one thing in mayan , literally it 's rest place , as in ' final 's rest place . he mean he grave , and that --- draw he scratch into the floor 50 . through the cloud of dust and dirt , we can see a draw 's be carve into the floor of the cell , but this elaborate rendering be not a skull , it have the jag peak of burial temple and gravestone . indy ( cont have ) -- be the cemetery where he 's bury . mutt but you say orellana vanish . nobody ever find he grave . indy look like harold Oxley do . as we stare at this outline of a specific cemetery a flash of lightning -- match dissolve to : 58 59 50a . ext chauchilla cemetery night mutt cover he motorcycle , in the moonlight . he be hold a backpack and a flashlight , he walk up the step and join indy . indy find two shovel . a hand - paint sign on a gate creak in the wind : mataremo a los huaquero ! mutt read the sign : mutt '' grave robber will be shot ! '' indy grin . indy good thing we be not grave robber . he throw the one of the shovel to mutt. lightn crack behind he . he turn and walk into the cemetery , as he go through the archway . mutt follow reluctantly . deeper in the cemetery , half the grave have be strip mine , pillage over the year revealing skeleton in bizarre burial posture . there be other skeleton strewn about , the place be in a state of disrepair . two skeleton have be lean up against grave marker , right out in the open . it 's dark , indy and mutt light only by the moon and the flicker glow from the flashlight . dirt and sand blow everywhere . as they march against the wind . they walk in deeper into the cemetery . chauchilla Cemetery be on a cliffside , partially erode from below , leave a promontory . it 's nighttime , a thunderstorm blow in . lightn crack , and in that flash we see the nazca line , light up on the desert floor hundred of foot below .. a shadowy figure , which have blend into the branch , seem to materialize right out of the tree . catlike in he grace but definitely human , he slink across the tree branch , follow indy and mutt into the cemetery . + ok + ok + * hf * + ok * 51 . mutt what be we look for ? indy I do not know yet . something that do not look right . maybe a antechamber off one of this open barrow . one of the skeleton creature move out of a hole , and start to follow they , he jump into another hole and disappear . mutt flinch , whirling around to look behind he . mutt think I see somethin’ . indy you be jump at shadow . they have reach a cliff . mutt drop he shovel into the open , and get on a ladder . mutt this way down . as he be about to take a step down , the ladder disintegrate and he fall flat on he back . indy look at he for a beat , then he start to climb down the step . he reach mutt , and extend he hand . indy this way up . mutt take he hand and get up . + ok + % 52 . slam ! indy and mutt be knock to the ground by a shadow that drop out of the tree branch above . nito kick indy down . indy hit the wall and fall down a set of step to a lower ground . nito pound mutt , and immediately disappear back into a hole . mutt fall backwards , and suddenly the lone skeleton , ( ernie ) come out of the hole from behind and pounce on he ! we see it 's a real , live human be , dress in a suit of bone to disguise itself . mutt whirl the figure around , they struggle . indy react and get up , he grab the shovel and run to mutt . mutt duck at the last moment , indy hit the creature with the shovel . the bone shatter , revealing a human face behind . before indy can hit again , the figure slip away under indy 's leg and trip he . he run into another hole . mutt get the shovel and click open he switchblade , he start to go after the figure into the hole . he hear something and turn ... nito ( the 2nd warrior ) come out of the hole with a_ blowdart gun he raise it and aim at mutt .. thwack ! a blowdart hit mutt 's shovel handle . mutt look at it . nito be about to fire again . mutt take he knife flip it in he hand and hurl it -- -- and it graze the warrior 's shoulder , draw blood , and throw off he aim . the warrior drop the blowgun , and take the knife out from he wound . he start to stand and cock he arm to hurl it a mutt , but -- - - kuh-rack ! indy 's get he whip out . the lash wrap around nito 's wrist and wrench the knife free . it thump to the dirt , nito jump down and run into the same hole that Ernie go in . indy see that mutt be alright and follow nito into the hole . mutt look around frantically . he hit the skeleton next to he , still search for anyone come , suddenly he sense something and slawlyv tiirn toa see : + ok * + ok * + % 53 . Ernie come out from one of the arch carry the blowdart gun . he get ready to shoot at mutt . -- mutt wince , he 's toast for sure -- -- but suddenly a hand close over the barrel of the blowgun -- -- indy 's hand ! -- -- and he yank the gun toward himself and blows savagely into the wrong end of the barrel . the warrior gasp , he eye go wide as the poison dart fly back up the tube , jab into the back of he throat , and kill he . suddenly behind mutt another warrior , hold a bone , lunge toward he . mutt be about ready to start the fight . -- indy pull he revolver , cock it -- -- and the warrior change he mind , scurrying up and out of the grave and disappear into the darkness . mutt have be watch with wide eye . he look up and see indy stand there , whip in one hand , gun in the other , lightning and thunder cracking behind he . mutt you be a teacher ? indy part-time . he uncocks he gun . mutt pick up he switchblade . he notice there 's a smear of blood on the blade . mutt I never really use it before . indy you do good kid . indy strip the hat and burial serape from one of the skeleton , wrap the poncho around the dead warrior that just attack they , and shove the hat down on he head . sitting up against the wall of the give , he look exactly like the other corpse . 54 . indy ( cont have ) that oughta keep he for a couple hundred year . indy see a lantern indy and mutt head down deeper into the cemetery . mutt be carry the lantern . mutt who be that thing ? indy nazca Indians . ( think ) or they descendant . sure do not like we poke around . ( to himself ) what be ( be ) they protect ? they reach the bottom and enter into ..... 54a . they be at a dead end , a stone wall dot with various nich with skull and bone , cover in cobweb . mutt Dead end . indy maybe . mutt take out he comb and begin to comb he hair . indy catch he . indy ( cont have ) what be you do ? mutt what ? indy put that thing away . give I some light over here . ( bring it over here ) mutt move closer to indy . indy look down , see a couple set of dusty footprint lead to and from the wall . one of the nich in the wall have a skull wedge in , and as indy bend down for a closer look , he see the cobweb in the skull 's nose and mouth be move . as if the skull be breathe -- or blow by circulate air indy 's face light up . he pull the skull out by the eye socket , and see a looped rope inside the niche . he pull on the rope and the rock creak open , revealing a narrow passageway . excite , mutt lunge backwards -- and land next to one of the skeleton , he arm on top the chest . -- and a dozen scorpion stream out over he arm . the biggest one raise its stinger and sink it into mutt 's right hand . mutt gaaaah ! indy start to go through the open . mutt be jump around brush himself , frantic , try to get the scorpion away from he . * 54b . indy dance on we own dime , will ya . mutt scorpion ! one of ‘em bit I ! I be gonna die ! indy how big ? mutt huge ! indy oh , good . mutt good ?! indy ( turn back ) when it come to scorpion the bigger the better . ( another think ) a small one bite you , do not keep it to yourself . and he 's go , into the tunnel . mutt follow . mutt I 'il keep it to myself . indy c’mon . CUT to : 61 55 . int tunnel night indy start to go down a set of stair , mutt follow . he get startle -- he be face a skeleton , bury upright in recess in the tunnel wall , they arm and leg bound across they chest , they dead eye stare at he . indy , who be ahead , turn back indy they be not go to bite you . let 's go . they continue down the stair , mutt look at the skeleton . they reach the bottom , mutt walk up to one of they , hold up the lantern up to the head . mutt they skull ! look at they skull man ! indy come up next to he , he shine the flashlight on the head . the skull be bizarre . the back of the cranium be elongate , egg - shape . indy like the drawing in Oxley 's cell . it mean we be get closer . mutt it 's crazy . why 's it like that ? indy nazca Indiana use to bind they infant head with rope to elongate they skull like that . mutt why ? indy honor the god . indy move towards another open . mutt no , no . God 's head be not like that , man . indy depend on who you god be . Tree antare tha ananinag + ok + % 55a . int . tunnel / mayan calendar-disc -night indy enter the open he crawl onto a large mayan calendar , he move across . indy calendar , typical early mayan . as he do the disc begin to tilt up cover mutt 's view on the other end . mutt be still hold onto the lantern in he leave hand . mutt this be ( you be ) go nowhere fast . do not you think we should go the other way . Professor be not we suppose to be look for a exit . this be really a dead end . indy react to the disc move . he move closer and look out at the other open . indy , go back to mutt . the disc tilt down as he approach mutt open the view . indy that 's it , c’mon genius . indy start to head back . indy ( cont have ) bring the backpack , c’mon . mutt start to follow indy . mutt where be we go ? + % ee + % 55b . int . tunnel crawl space - night indy throw he backpack into the crawl space . he slide in , still carry he flashlight . mutt race to catch up to indy in the narrow space . but as he scramble forward on he hand a knee , the floor buckle and he right hand , fall deep into a hole . he claw for a grip on the side of the floor , he get back up onto the firm ground . indy hurry back . indy you alright ? mutt nod . indy ( cont have ) the earth 's ( grounds ) erode out from underneath we . we be on a promontory . mutt , safe for the moment , catch he breath . mutt that 's good to know . indy be careful . and he 's go again , crawl away into the tunnel , with he backpack . mutt be careful . ( under he breath ) he start to follow indy . indy be stare out to the open . mutt come up right next to he . indy stop he . indy hold it . they listen , then move out . 62 56 . int underground chamber night indy clear away the cobweb and head in ... the lantern light emerge form the darkness into a underground burial chamber . indy come out and look around in awe . mutt come out of the tunnel behind he . indy this be incredible . mutt unreal . mutt start to move forward , indy put out a arm to stop he from trample the place . indy do not touch anything . he wave the flashlight , expose two set of footprint in the dust . the footprint lead down the stair and back out again . indy and mutt squat to get a closer look . indy ( cont have ) somebody 's be here . recently . ( study the print ) two set . mutt look at the track , measure they with he hand . mutt same size . could have be the same person , twice . indy ( impressed ) not bad , kid . indy walk down the stair , try to walk in the exist footprint . they lead to a object the size of a corpse , wrap in a strange , material . indy start to count they . 57 . indy ( cont have ) one ...two ... ( turn and walk across the room ) three ( at a bottom one - lift the flashlight up to ) four ... five ... six ... seven . ( gesture with the flashlight ) orellana and he man . might have make it out of the jungle after all . indy move to one of the body and try to open the material in which it 's wrap . he tug at it -- he put he flashlight away . indy get a knife ? mutt take out he knife and flip it in he hand . he hand it to indy . indy ( cont have ) give I the light . indy start to cut the body . he pull the wrapping back , find another layer underneath , and pull that back too . indy reveal the body of a spanish conquistador , five hundred year old -- -- and perfectly preserve . mutt it look like he die yesterday . indeed it do -- he body be intact , he clothes , he weapon , even he skin . indy it 's the wrapping , they have preserve he . the face begin to withere away to dust ! it shrivel and rot , and within ten second it 's a pile of dust . indy and mutt be amaze . mutt what just happen ? indy it 's be wrap up for 500 year . Air do not agree with he . + ok * 57a . indy reach inside the body . he pull free a solid gold dagger with a jewel encrust handle and hold it up to the lantern light , admire it . indy hand mutt he switchblade back . indy start to put the dagger in he satchel but -- mutt hey ! indy I be go to put it back . I do not want to keep borrow yours all the time . mutt uh huh . indy return the dagger -- mutt move to the other side of the crypt . mutt ( cont have ) be this one open already ? indy join mutt . the cocoon be tear open . there be a golden mask over the face of this corpse . indy it 's he ! it 's orellana himself . 58 . indy gesture to the skeleton , festoon with gild armor indy ( cont have ) they call he , the gild man . what a incredible find . he stop himself , furrow he brow . something 's not right . he point to the mask over orellana 's face . indy reach out to the mask , run he hand along the edge . he close he finger around the mask and pull it away slowly , revealing the skull of orellana himself , contort in a horrible death shriek . indy ( cont have ) his lust for gold be legendary . this be odd .. indy cross to the other side of orellana , and squat by he side . he pick some gold coin off the floor , study the impression . indy ( cont have ) somebody already have be here and go . Left all this gold and ( all ) this artifact . what be they look ( indy start to get up ) the coin be pull by a magnetic force . they get stick to orellana 's body . indy ( cont have ) for .... indy go to the body , reach down and lift orellana 's head and torso . he hand it to mutt . indy ( cont have ) hold this . mutt be eye to eye with the scream , dead face . indy look beneath where the corpse be lie . he reach down and carefully lift the a skull away from the corpse . mutt put the skeleton down . + * hf * + % 59 . ---- the crystal skull of akator . stun . it be , indeed , cut form one piece of pure crystal , and be completely transparent , yet multi-facet . indy hold the Crystal Skull up to the lantern . the light prism through it , especially the eye -- they be lense , the light focus through the socket in a penetrate gaze . there appear to be a second crystal , embed in the brain cavity , opal in color , stand out against the skull 's bluish tint . indy ( cont have ) unbelievable . no tool mark ... a single piece of seamless quartz . a coin get stick to the skull . indy remove it . indy ( cont have ) cut across the grain , no evidence of a lapidary wheel . it 's not possible , even with today 's technology . it would shatter . what be this thing ? as indy turn the skull , mutt 's eye widen in surprise , because the back of the skull 's head be egg -shape , like the corpse outside . mutt look at he shape of the head . maybe to the nazca Indians ... this be they god . be this the one from ... indy akator . ( indy begin to pace ) maybe the spaniard find the skull along with all this other booty . they head to they ship along the coast . maybe the Indians catch up with they , where they get to squabbling amongst themselves . the Indians wrap ’em up and bury they here . + % * + * hf * + % + * hf + % + ok + eh HH hf 59a . indy look at the skull , then down at the footprint again , think aloud , piece it together indy ( cont have ) couple ( 500 century ) hundred year later Oxley show up , find the skull , take it away , maybe to akator . then he return it here . mutt '' return , return . '' like he write on the wall of he cell . indy he put it back where he find it . why ? mutt 's switchblade fly out of he hand and clink up against the skull , pull by the metal 's magnetic force . indy ( cont have ) Crystal be not magnetic . mutt neither be gold . indy look back at the skull , stare deeply into its eye . indy what be this thing ? he gaze deeper , and deeper , and the skull seem to glow in response , or be it just reflect light from the lantern ? indy 's eye grow wider , he 's transfix , and it do not seem he could possibly tear he eye away from the thing . even mutt have notice the hypnotic quality of the skull , and he step forward to look at it , now right behind indy -- -- and the floor beneath they give way ! mutt fall , but grab hold of the leg of orellana 's skeleton as he go down , through the floor -- + * hf * + % 60 . 10/15/07 63 omit 64 omit 65 61 . 10/15/07 ext cemetery dawn as dawn break in the cemetery , mutt and indy climb out of the open grave . but indy stop in he track , come face to face with -- uniformed russian soldier on either side . Mac , indy 's old friend , walk up to he . mac hello , jonesy . indy hello , mac. CUT to : 66 67 67a 67b 68 69 62 . 10/15/07 omit * omit * omit * omit * ext iquito night night have fall on the outskirt of the jungle city of iquitos , the last toehold of civilization before the amazon . a soviet army regiment be amass in a makeshift camp on the edge of the claw jungle . there be a dozen vehicle -- jeep , truck , one great big Machine with a series of horizontal see blade on the front , and fifty red army soldier . the Russians be a celebratory bunch , some of they group around a bonfire where a crazy russian dance wildly . a small tent glow at the center of the camp , light up by the lantern - light within . there be two guard at the flap . int tent night Inside the tent , indy be sit in a chair to which he have be * tie . dovchenko be watch the tent . * 63 . Mac enter , hold a bottle of liquor in one hand and a cigar in the other . he walk up to indy , smile he most win smile . mutt you be lucky I turn up jonesey . dovchenko want to blow you brain out that 's the three time I have save you life , mate . indy unshackle I and I x11 give you a big hug . mac you have a luger point at the base of you skull when we first meet . indy I have the situation under control . mac do you remember the amnesia dart I pull out of you neck in jakarta ? indy amnesia dart ? mac see , you do not remember ! take my word for it , you owe I . Mac sit down , where a reel - to- reel tape recorder be turn ona table , recording every word . indy what about they ? what do you owe they ? after the war , when you turn -- how many name do you give the reds ? how many good man die because of you ? mac I do not think you see the big picture , mate . indy eventually they be go to let I out of this chair , comrade , and when they do I be go to ( bust ) break you nose . Mac put the bottle down and pick up the microphone . + * hf * + * hf + % + % + ok * 63a . mac '' comrade ? '' you think this be about flag ? this be about uniform ? about line on a map ? indy it 's just about money , be not it ? it 's * 64 . mac no , not '' only money , '' ( he drop the microphone get up and go to indy ) ) a gigantic pile of money ! do not worry about what the Russians will pay we , it 's nothing compare to what 's at akator . a entire city of gold , it 's what the conquistadors be after ( look , search ) , for Dog 's sake jonesey ! we could be richer , richer than Howard Hughes . indy blood money . every nickle of it . Mac lean in and lower he voice . it 's stilted , as if Mac 's try to tell indy something . mac I need you to see the angle here , mate , to be smart and do the right thing . like in - before he can finish , the lantern light flicker as someone push open the tent flap , let in a breeze from outside . a shadow fall across they both . indy look up . irina spalko stand behind Mac , dress in Russian military fatigue . Mac do not need to turn around , he know perfectly well who it be . he finish what he be say to indy , voice low -- mac ( cont would ) like in Berlin . get I ? just like Berlin . Mac head out and walk past spalko and dovchenko . mac ( cont would ) you want I to jiggle out of here , or should I sing a song . paddle madeline . ( he start to sing ) I love this girl call madeline . I know she love I too , cause every night the moon shine bright she ride in my canoe at midnight . -- and beat it out of the tent . spalko size up indy . eh fh hk * + ok * + eh HH hf 64a . spalko how fortunate we failure to kill you Dr. Jones . you survive to be of service to we once again . she walk towards the recorder indy you know I , anything I can do to help . spalko '' now I be become death , the destroyer of world . '' you recognize that word ? it be you own Dr. oppenheimer , after he create the atomic bomb . she turn off one of the switch and continue to move around indy . indy he be quote the hindu Bible . ext . tent -night Mac step near the fire still sing he song ( paddle madeline Home ) mac I love this girl call madelin . I know she love I too cause every night the moon shine bright she ride in my canoe at midnight . he be no longer drunk , he look back at indy 's tent . + % + * hf * 65 . spalko it be nuclear intimidation . but now this next level of weapon be ours to have -- yours to fear . indy weapon ? what weapon ? spalko move to the front and face indy , she lean on the chair with she leg . spalko a mind weapon . a new frontier of psychic warfare ; that be stalin 's dream . indy look at she like she 's nut . indy now I know why Oxley put the skull back where he find it . he know you be after it . spalko that skull be no mere deity carve . surely you know the moment you laid eye on it -- it be not make by human hand . she lean forward and put she hand on indy 's leg . indy who make it then ? ( off she look ) C ’mon . she look across the tent and move . spalko that body we find in New Mexico be not the first . spalko walk across the tent into a side tent . there be a body cover on a table . she start to clean she hand with a cloth . spalko ( cont have ) we have already dissect two other from similar crash site in Soviet Union . indy saucer-men from Mars ? + ok + % she move to 65a . spalko the legend about akator be all true . early man could not have conceive it , much less build it . it be a city of supreme being , with technology and paranormal ability . the head of the table , dovchenko stand next to she with a flashlight . she uncover the head and indy you gotta be kid I . spalko why do you disbelief you own eye . ( why do you choose not to believe you own eye ? the body and reveal the alien form . spalko move open the brain , expose the crystal skull . spalko ( cont have ) the New Mexico specimen give we hope . unlike the other we have find , ( this ) its skeleton be pure crystal . a distant cousin , perhaps ? maybe they too be send to find akator . perhaps we be all search for the same thing . there 's no other explanation indy there 's always another explanation . spalko wash she hand . spalko he skull be steal from akator in the 5th century . ba she walk back to indy 's tent . spalko ( cont have ) whoever return it -- * + % + eh HH hf + % * * 65b . indy -- to the city 's temple will gain control over its power . I have hear that bedtime story before . what make you think akator even exist . ( but what if akator never exist ) ( it 's a legend why do you think akator even exist ) spalko perhaps you should ask you friend that question . dovchenko pririditye professora ! ( bring in the professor ) spalko we be certain he 's be there . indy Oxley . where be he ? CUT to : + HH HH + % * 70 66 . ext - russian camp night the crazy guy be still dance around it like a madman . he 's dress in a old , batter suit , the arm and leg shred . his hair be long and wild , and he 's fling he body around the campfire with mad abandon while the Russians laugh and clap mock he . a couple of he soldier approach Oxley , grab he and take he to the tent . int . tent -night professor harold oxley look nothing like the conservative archeology professor we see in the photo . he 's get wild , red - rimmed eye , he cheek be sink and he clothes hang from he skeletal form . he start to dance with a musical pole . indy ox ? ox ! it 's I , indy . ( ox ) you be fake it , right pal ? Oxley will not even look at indy . his eye be wild , they never rest , never make eye contact . Oxley dance towards indy . oxley through eye that last I see in tear ... indy pull Oxley close , lower he voice . indy ( ox ) listen to I pal , you name be harold Oxley , you be bear in Leeds , England . you and I go to school together at the University of Chicago , and you be never this interesting ! my name be indi - ( though it pain he ) my name be Henry Jones junior but Oxley just spin away and he 's off again , dance around he and , muttering unintelligibly . indy whirl on Mac and spalko . indy ( cont have ) what have you do to he ?! mac we be not do a thing , it 's the bloody skull . + % + ok + % 66a . spalko he be a divine nod that will lead we to akator . but we need someone to interpret he for we . his mind , it seem , be quite weak . let 's hope yours be stronger . CUT to : ee * 71 67 . int larger tent night dovchenko catch indy 's hat . spalko move to a table , indy 's backpack be rest on it . spalko open the backpack and pull the crystal skull , she take it in she arm and walk towards indy . the lamp all move towards the skull . indy be in the chair still strapped , he be now wear a strap across he head , attach to electrode to he temple and frontal lobe . spalko the skull 's crystal stimulate a undevelop part of the human brain , open a psychic channel . + % + % + ok * 68. spalko turn the skull to face indy . the lense eye socket catch the light and glow intensely . spalko sit it down face indy . spalko ( cont have ) Oxley lose control of he mind by stare too long into its eye . spalko walk to indy . spalko ( cont have ) we believe you can get through to he after yo have do the same . she put a hand on indy 's cheek , stroking it , try gently to turn he toward the skull . indy I get a better idea . you look at it . spalko the skull do not speak to everyone , it seem . spalko walk back to the skull . spalko ( cont have ) surely you be not afraid , Dr. Jones ? you have spend you entire life search for answer , think of the truth behind that eye . she put she hand around the skull . spalko walk to the side of the tent . there be a scientist seat at a table with a eeg monitor , she walk up to the table . spalko ( cont have ) there maybe be hundred of this skull at akator , perhaps thousand . whoever find they will control the great natural force the world have ever know . ( she pick up a stopwatch - and turn to indy ) power over the mind of man . indy be careful . you might get exactly what you ask for . spalko I usually do . * * + * hf + % * + HH HH + % 68a . spalko start she stopwatch . indy smile . a strange pulsing emanate from the center of the skull , brighter in its eye . indy can not help it , he 's draw to it -- indy look deeply into the skull 's eye . immediately , the needle on the eeg graph spike . the light in the eye of the skull grow brighter and indy 's stare more intense . the eeg reading increase in density . spalko take note . 69 . spalko ( cont have ) imagine -- to peer across the world and know the enemy 's secret . to place we thought in the mind of you leader -- ( she move towards indy ) -- make you teacher teach the true version of history , you soldier attack on we order . indy could not look away from the skull now if he want to . spalko walk around indy . spalko ( cont have ) we 'il be everywhere at once , as powerful as a whisper , invade you dream think you thought for you while you sleep . spalko walk back to the stand where the skull be . the vein in indy 's temple swell ; he heartbeat 's visible in they . he can not speak , he 's catch in the gaze of the skull . the eeg needle be go batshit now , jump all over the place , scribbling a line so dense it 's almost one solid block of ink on the paper . spalko ( cont would ) we will change you , Dr. Jones , all of you , from the inside . we will turn you into US . indy 's face be tremble now , red and flushed , and bright red capillary pop out in the white of he eye . spalko ( cont would ) and the best part ? you will not even know it 's happen . indy still stare into the skull 's eye , and he start to mutter now , directly to the skull . indy return . + % + ok + % * 72 73 74 69a . ext by the campfire night and just as indy say the word '' return , '' we cut abruptly out to the campfire , where Oxley be sit by the campfire , as if hearing the word from indy 's lip , but of course he 's too far away . but he repeat it : oxley return . omitted ext by the campfire night and Oxley continue to stare out . oxley Henry ? 75 70 . int tent night back in the tent , the vein in indy 's temple throb . Mac step forward . mac that 's enough ! for God 's sake if he die we can not get there ! just when it seem indy can not take anymore -- spalko cover it . she stop the stopwatch . dovchenko dart in and pull a hood over the skull , break indy 's gaze . Mac get close to indy and study he blank expression . mac jonesey , you alright ? indy look up at he . his eye focus and he shake he head , he mind clear . Mac unty indy 's arm . the second indy 's arm be free -- -- he punch mac in the face . mac ( cont would ) you break my nose ! indy I told you . indy take off the head gear , dovchenko grab indy and pull he away . spalko step up to he , eye to eye . spalko enough . you will speak to Oxley and lead we to akator . yes ? indy nyet . expecting that response , she immediately bark a order . spalko take he outside . two soldier leapt to attention and -- 76 71 . ext russian camp night spalko come out of the tent , follow by dovchenko , and_ indy -- dovchenko throw indy he hat .. they drag mutt out of a nearby tent . they shove he roughly up alongside indy . indy you alright , kid ? mutt they leave my bike in that cemetery ! indy ( you do not understand ) yeah but be you alright ? mutt ( you do not understand ) they leave my bike ! one of the Russian Soldiers hold a polished cherry wood case , two foot wide , four foot long , with a mold velvet interior . in the case there be several saber and foil . she select a wick - look one and approach mutt with it , clearly a threat . mutt ( cont have ) wait ! do not ! stop ! geez , the kid panic easily . but mutt fool we -- he pull he comb from he back pocket and run it through he hair , get it just right . and then , to spalko , utterly fearless : mutt ( cont have ) I be ready . ( to indy ) do not give this pig a thing . indy smile . gotta love the kid 's attitude . he look back at spalko defiantly . indy you hear he . spalko clearly , I have choose the wrong pressure point . 71a . spalko ( cont have ) perhaps I can find a more sensitive one . ( to two Soldiers ) privedite zhenshchinu ! ( bring in the woman ) 72 . we hear the soldier grab hold of someone uncooperative , in a nearby tent . we hear she voice before we see she voice ( 0.s. ) get you hand off I , you rotten russkie son of a bitch - indy 's eye widen , he recognize that voice , and the soldier reappear , drag they struggle captive along with they . she 's in she late forty , she 's a knockout , and she 's smarter than you . she use to be the girl next door you have a crush on ; now she 's the woman next door you have always be in love with . she 's marion ravenwood . indy marion ! marion Indiana Jones . ' Bout time you show up . indy walk to marion . mutt Mom ! marion notice mutt for the first time , walk past indy towards mutt . indy Mom ? marion sweetheart ! what be you do here ? mutt ( to marion ) forget about I , be you all right ? indy ( to mutt ) Mom marion I specifically tell you -- indy ( to marion ) marion be you -- mother ? marion -- not toa come down here vourself ! 72a . mutt you never write in you letter ... phone call .... * 73. indy marion ravenwood be you mother ? marion for God 's sake , indy , it 's not that hard . indy yeah , I know I just , I never think that - marion that I have a life after you leave ? indy that 's not what I mean - marion a damn good life . indy well that 's good ( nice ) ( I be glad ) , I just - marion a damn good life . ( a damn good really good damn life ) ( a damn good , great , good life ) indy so have I . marion yeah ? still leave a trail of human wreckage , or have you retire ? indy why , be you look for a date ? marion with anyone ( anybody ) but you . indy what be you mad at I for ? ( why be you so mad at I ? ) marion how much time have you get ? spalko join they . 77 74 . spalko so , Dr. Jones . you will help we ? a simple yes will do . indy aw , marion . you have to go and get yourself kidnap . marion not like you do any better . indy same old same old . indy notice Mac be stare at marion approvingly . indy ( cont have ) what be you look at ? CUT to : ext by the campfire night harold Oxley sit , stare off into the distance intently . Mac be stand nearby , he turn to the Russians with he he e lower he voice . mac I be give three to one the yank figure he out . who want some . the Russian nod , take the bet . Mac take money out of he pocket . indy sit across from Oxley , who 's stare at he openly now , he entire face light up in a smile , as if he 's see indy for the first time . oxley Henry Jones junior ! Henry Jones junior indy look at he , amaze . it work . spalko press forward to hear , she be right next to indy . indy that 's right , ox . that 's right , ox . now listen to I - 74a . he grab indy , intently , try to communicate something . 75 . oxley '' to lay they just hand on that Golden Key ... that ope 's the Palace of eternity . '' indy the palace of -- ? spalko step in . spalko it 's from milton , he 's say it before . why ? indy have no idea . he look back at Oxley , notice he right hand be tremore , as if with palsy . indy ox . I you gotta tell we how to get to akator , or they be go to kill marion . oxley '' through eye that last I see in tear ... here in death 's dream kingdom ... '' indy reach out to still Oxley 's twitching right hand . indy harold they be gonna kill abner 's little girl , ! you remember abner , do not you ? Oxley urgency grow , he 's try to get through but can not . oxley '' eye ! that last I see in - tear - '' indy ( get frustrated ) you gotta tell we how we get there ( to akator ) I need specifics . indy notice Oxley 's right hand be move faster now , detailed motion not just tremor . and he finger be pinch together as if hold something . indy ( cont ’d ) ( to the Russians ) yeah , get I paper and something to write with .! mac get some paper . 75a . mutt Paper ... a moment later , 76 . a notebook be hurriedly pass to indy , who flip it open to a blank page . he take Oxley 's right hand and clamp the pen between he friend 's finger , then shove the paper under it . and Oxley start write . he 's draw something , a picture , and it 's detailed . spalko he 's auto-write . of course , I should have see this . oxley ( still stare at indy ) Henry Jones junior ! but he 's not look at the paper , he 's stare at indy the whole time . indy that 's right ox . oxley ( confidentially , to indy ) three time it drop . indy Three time . indy look at the page . Oxley 's draw a crude sketch of ocean wave . Oxley 's write continue -- this time it 's a pair of close eye . spalko and the other press in closely , to take a look . spalko look at indy admiringly . Oxley 's not slow down . Three more sketches -- the sun with a arc across a sky , a snake with a flick tongue , and what look like a horizon . spalko pictograph ? indy ideogram ! keep go ox . indy take the book from Oxley , stand and walk to the fire pit spalko join he . 76a . mutt come forward to Oxley , he sit across from he . he try to look he in the eye . mutt ox ? but Oxley will not look at hi , might not even be aware that he 's there . certainly do not recognize he , he eye darting all over the place . mutt ( cont have ) C ’mon , ox , it 's I . it 's mutt . but Oxley will not . or can not . there be tear in mutt 's eye . mutt ( cont have ) please ? indy look at the sketches , decode they as he speak 78 77 . indy I think I get it . the wavy line , mean of course water , a close eye mean sleep -- the sun with the arc over the sky stand for '' time , '' duration , the word now be '' until . '' the horizon and the snake they be close together , mean one think ( the horizon and the snake mean one think , they be close together ) -- the horizon ( stand for ) be the world , but it do not mean the earth it mean big , '' great . '' indy think like crazy , look at the page back and forth . indy ( cont have ) '' the water sleep , until the great snake . '' this be not just drawing , they be direction . ( to a Russian ) give I a map ! spalko give the order in Russian . moment later a table be bring out and a map of the amazon be unfurl . as indy bend over the map , Mac collect a wad of cash from the Russian soldier he make the bet with . indy ( 0.s. ) the great snake be the amazon , of course but '' sleep , '' what river sleep ? indy study the map for a name , a clue , something , then stop suddenly and jab he finger down . spalko here . the sono . the portuguese word for sleep . everyone bend down to see , and Mac press in close beside marion . indy bend over the map , fascinate now . indy yes ! good , exactly , very good ! +e HH hhh HH 78 . mutt watch indy and spalko study the map together indy ( cont have ) he want we to follow this curve of the sono down to where it meet the amazon on the southeast . after that , I be not sure . a dream kingdom , eye in tear -- I have no idea know what he mean . mutt , who 's be peer slide further forward , as indy study the map . indy ( cont have ) but he route could be right , it 's a completely unexplored part of the canopy . spalko bend down closer to the map -- indy ( cont have ) see , the mapmaker only sketch in a few rough line - -- and mutt punch one of the soldier and overturn the table . it hit spalko in the face , knock she and dovchenko back on they ass . mutt run ! mutt head towards the tent . indy have no choice but to follow marion , Oxley and indy all go into the tent . the group run away , mutt come back and grab one of the lamp and throw it on the ground . a fire start , stop spalko and the solder from come through . ee * * 78a . 10/16/07 79 ext jungle dawn mutt , marion , indy , and Oxley race through the jungle as the sun rise , the foliage slapping and cut at they . indy kid ? what the hell be we do , kid ?! mutt they be gonna kill we ! indy well , maybe ! mutt somebody have to do something ! indy something else would have be good ! mutt at least I get a plan ! let 's go ! 79 . 10/16/07 indy this be intolerable ! Oxley 's look back over he shoulder , try to watch the skull as he move further away from it , reach out for it . indy ( cont have ) harold , for God 's sake , keep up ! mutt turn sharply and lead they down a narrow ravine , through a thick copse of tree , and into a tiny clear . they stand there , safe for a moment , try not to make a sound as the Russian Soldiers race past they , deeper into the jungle . mutt and Oxley stand at the edge of the tree , peer through and indy and marion be behind they . mutt shhh ! -- he stop . indy and marion be go . actually , they be not go , they be just two foot lower than they be the last time he see they . and they be up to they knee in sand . mutt ( cont have ) Mom ? he take a step forward , but -- indy marion stop ! keep back ! mutt stop where he be , confuse . and indy and marion sink even lower , now up to they thigh . indy do not move , honey ! move make space , space will make you sink ! marion ( pull hard at she leg ) I think I can get -- out if -- indy stop it ! you be pull against a vacuum , it 's like try to lift a car just stay calm ! 80 . 10/16/07 marion okay , I be calm . ( sink ) mutt what be it , quicksand ?! indy ( there 's always time to teach ) it 's a dry sandpit . marion I be calm . I be sink , but I be calm . indy quicksand be a viscous mix of mud , clay , and water , ( sand , clay and water ) and depend of the fluidity it 's not as dangerous as you might - marion ( thrashing again ) jone for pete 's sake , we 're not in school ! indy you be right ! stay calm ! there 's nothing to worry about , unless there 's a- ka-phoom ! ! a huge geyser of sand suddenly spit up between they , ten foot into the air , and in the result settling of the pit , indy and marion sink all the way up to they chest . indy ( cont have ) void collapse . mutt I 'il get something to pull you out ! indy keep you arm up high . he look around , can not find anything handy , and move off into the jungle , frantic . but Oxley only stare at they , bemuse . + % + ok 80a . 10/16/07 indy ox , do not just stand there , go , get help ! oxley '' help . '' indy help . oxley help . indy help oxley help . indy yes , go . oxley help . and without another word , he turn and walk away . indy and marion be alone , up to they chest in sand . marion look at he , feel responsible . marion mutt can be a little impetuous . 81 . 10/16/07 indy not the worst quality in the wor - ka-phoom ! another geyser of sand erupt between they , and they drop further , up to they neck now . they arm be start to slip beneath the surface of the sand , and they try valiantly to keep they up . but they be drop deeper by the second . they speak , but the constriction from the sandpit press in on they chest make it hard to find breath . indy ( cont have ) ... keep you ... arm above surface ... the kid come back , grab on ... marion turn and look at he , she eye fill with tenderness . marion . indy , he ... indy ... he 's a good kid , marion ... you * should get off he back about school ... marion .» mutt , I mean ... indy . not everybody 's ... cut out for it ... marion . he ... he name be Henry . and even through he 's up to he neck in a deadly dray sandpit , indy * manage to turn he head to marion and look into she eye . indy Henry ? good name . * marion he 's you son . * indy my son ? marion Henry Jones , the third . indy look away , think , all the repercussion sink in -- and than ha tuene baal to marian furiane 82 . 10/16/07 indy why the hell do not you make he finish school ?! before she can answer , something long and heavy come whizzing through the air and smack into the sand between they . mutt stand at the edge of the pit , hold the other end of whatever it be , but it 's dark and we can not tell . mutt mom ! grab on ! marion , who be slightly ahead of indy , throw she arm over the think , roundish shape . indy , slightly deeper in the sand , wrench he arm free and reach for the end of the thing -- -- when it turn and hiss at he . the '' thing '' be very long , very thick snake . indy be you crazy ?! marion just grab on , indy ! indy it 's a snake ! mutt it 's a rat snake ! indy Rat snake be not that big ! mutt well , this one be ! it 's not poisonous ! now just grab on ! indy go get something else ! mutt like what ?! indy some rope or something ! mutt there 's no sear and roebuck here , just grar a hoidi 83 . 10/16/07 indy maybe I can touch the bottom ! marion there be no bottom , now grab it ! indy I think I can feel it with my foot ! mutt grab the snake indy stop call it that ! mutt what do you want I to call it ? it 's a snake , grab it ! indy say rope ! mutt what ? indy say grab the rope !!! they look at each other marion & mutt grab the rope !!! finally , indy relent , reach out , close he eye , and grab hold of the snake , just as -- -- ka-phoom !! the biggest sand geyser of all erupt in the pit , and in the momentary space create around they , mutt pull as hard as he can on the other end of the black snake . indy and marion be release from the pit and go fly to its edge , collapse in a heap on top of mutt , arm and leg entangle . indy get rid of that , son . mutt you be one crazy old man . afraid of snake ! 83a . 10/16/07 two payr of black boot step into frame . harold Oxley be stand between spalko , Mac , and two Russian Soldiers . mac ( sadly ) why do you wanna do everything the hard way , jonesy ? but Oxley 's proud . indy Nice , work ox. thanks . oxley '' help ! '' CUT to : 84 . 10/16/07 80 omitted 81 omitted 82 83 84a . 10/16/07 in the back of the truck , the Crystal Skull be now in a burlap bag , cinched at the top . irina spalko open the bag and pull it down , revealing the eye of the skull . she bend down in front of it and focus she bright blue eye on its crystal socket . but it have no reaction . no glow . no nothing . Oxley , sit in the back of the truck , mutter to himself , watch the light dance through the tree . she turn back to the skull , desperate . why he and not I ? she lay she hand on either side of its face , lean even closer . but nothing . Oxley try to reach for the skull , spalko raise she hand to stop he . mac ( 0.s. ) Skull 's go a mind of its own , eh ? spalko turn , startle . Mac be grin . mac ( cont would ) very choosy about who it talk to . spalko cinch the bag shut . in the front , she turn to 85 . mac a lot of old cockswalop . people stare into that thing , work themselves up ina frenzy -- self - hypnosis , maybe something like that , esp ? I do not think so . spalko telepathy already exist in man , ina lesser develop form . mac be you kid ? you think everybody be psychic ? spalko you be a gambler . have you never play a hang that prove correct ? mac it 's just luck . I should now mine 's usually bad . face mac. spalko we send a submarine under the surface with a mother rabbit 's new litter on board . she remain on shore while one by one , the young rabbit be exterminate . mac Lady , you need a new hobby . spalko ( ignore that ) mile away , the mother 's eeg reading show reaction at the very instant of death . there be without a question a organic mind - body link share by all live creature ; we must control that collective link -- she turn back . he 's leer . mac alright , ( he touch she shoulder ) then you show I . I bet you double or nothing on my fee - ( look into she eye ) -- what be I think right now ? + ok * + * hf * + % + HH HH * + ok 85a . spalko much too easy . mac besides that . c’mon , amuse I . I be think of a question . what 's the answer ? spalko turn , raise she hand and look he in the eye . he look back at she , he usual leer at first , but as the stare go on , it fade . spalko 's eye be intense , hypnotic . beautiful eye , but so cold they be nearly white . impossible to look away from . finally , after a long moment ; spalko the answer to you question be , '' if I feel the slight need . '' she make a movement with she hand under he neck , like a sword cut he throat . Mac look truly frighten , he sit back silent . spalko turn around again , look out the windshield . Oxley , who 's be follow the conversation , look back at Mac , wonder what the hell he ask . but Mac be rattle , in a way we have not see before . suddenly , a voice boom over the jungle : mutt ( 0.s. ) you gotta be kidding I !!! 84 86 . ext / int truck day indy be in the back of the rear vehicle , hand tie behind he back , as be mutt and marion . they bounce through the jungle , guard by the scowling dovchenko . there be crate with cyrillic lettering pile all around they . marion damn it ! damn it ! damn it ! I do not know how to say this . ( I do not want to tell you ) ( I be just go to say it ) indy 's first name be Henry just like yours ( Colin be not you father - no line for the rest of the dialogue - indy 's response ) indy 's you father mutt what ? you gotta be kidding I !!! right ? mutt be outrage with marion ; he 's just be tell the news . mutt ( cont have ) no , no , he be british , he be a raf pilot , my dad be a war hero , not some school teacher ! marion no , sweetie . Colin be you step - father . ( step -dad ) we start dating when you be three month old . he be a good man , but he be not you father . indy wait a minute , '' Colin , '' as in Colin Williams ? you marry he ? I introduce you ! dovchenko roll he eye -- he do not understand all of what they be say , but he know he 's sick of hearing it . marion I think you give up you vote on who I marry when you decide to break it off a week before we wedding . indy it be not go to work , marion , we both know that . ( or ) we both know that it be not go to work , marion . 87 . marion you do not know that , why do not you just talk to I ? ( or ) why do not you just try talk to I ? indy because we ( or ) I never have a argument that I win . marion ha ! it 's not my fault if you can not keep up . indy I do not want to hurt you . marion you fail . do not you ever wonder year ago why ox stop talk to you ? ( year ago ) he hate that you run away . mutt stop . would you two stop ? indy yeah , marion , let 's not make the kid listen to Mom and dad fight . ( or ) let 's not have the kid hear mom and dad fight . ( or ) let 's not let he see Mom and dad fight . dovchenko for the love of God , shut in hell up ! mutt you be not my dad ! indy you bet I be , and I have get news for you you be go to go back and finish school . dovchenko 's have it . cursing a blue streak in Russian , he bang he gun down on the floor and pick up a rag , spin it into a tight line to use as a gag . mutt be I ? what ?! what happen to '' there 's not a dam ( no ) thing wrong with it and do not let anybody tell you any different ?! speech . you do not remember that ? 87a . indy that be before I be you father mutt you be not my father ! marion oh yes he be ! dovchenko enter & put the gag on * dovchenko for the love of God , shut the hell up ! indy you should have tell I about the kid , marion . I have a right to know . dovchenko enter & put the gag on * marion you vanish after that . indy I write . marion a year later . by then mutt be bear and I be marry . indy so why have you bother tell I now ? dovchenko enter & put gag on * marion I think we be gonna die ! dovchenko be bend over marion , as he finish with the gag in marion 's mouth . the angle give indy the perfect opportunity to -- indy not yet ! --kick he on he back . with both foot , no less . dovchenko fall against the side of the truck , he loose he hat . he sit up and spin around , daze , and end up in perfect strike range for indy , he kick he in the face . 88 . dovchenko spin to mutt 's side , mutt land a kick this send dovchenko back to indy again . indy kick he again back to mutt . mutt kick he again towards indy . indy be about to kick he . dovchenko slump to the floor , unconscious . mutt grin and kick the switchblade out of he boot , where he 's hide it . it thunks open on the floor of the truck mutt grab it with he two foot and throw it to indy . mutt you get it ? indy do not answer . mutt ( cont have ) oh shit !. finally indy get he rope cut , he move to they to get they free . 85 89 . 10/16/07 moment later , indy remove the gag from marion 's mouth , then start to untie she hand . marion look away from indy , grumpy . do not want to ask this , but she can not help herself : marion I be sure I be not the only one who move on with my life . there must of be plenty of woman for you over the year . indy there be a few . but , they all have the same problem . the rope break and she hand pop free . indy move to the center of the truck he look around for a way out of the truck . he look up , at the canvas roof overhead . he use the knife to cut a open . marion yeah , what be that ? indy they be not you , honey . well , that just melt she . she look at indy . mutt 's knife blade rip through the canvas a d tear a hole big enough for indy to wriggle through . he pull himself up and onto the top of the truck . 90 . 10/16/07 86 omit 87 91 . 10/16/07 inside the truck mutt and marion be stare up at indy 's silhouette , visible through the canvas as he stand atop the truck . they watch the silhouette move toward the front of the truck , leap into the air -- the truck swerve and smashes into a tree , throw mutt and marion forward violently . 88 89 90 91a . in the cab of the truck indy throw the Driver out , and slide behind the wheel . with the convoy , we thunder through the jungle , the jungle - cutter shrieking and gashing its way through the foliage . int truck day indy 's now drive the truck , he slide open the window to the back of the truck . marion slide out and join he . she smile at he . indy we have to get Oxley back , get we hand on that skull , and get to akator before they do . ( to marion ) grab the wheel . and like that , he 's go , clamber into the back of the truck as marion slide over into the driver 's seat . mutt slide out and join she . mutt what 's he gonna do now ? marion I do not think he plan that far ahead . * 92. a large bazooka emerge from the back of the truck and poke into the front seat between they , warhead first . mutt gah ! indy lean out the open , hoist the bazooka up on he shoulder . indy ( to mutt ) scooch over , son ? mutt do not call I son . but mutt flatten himself against the seat as indy swing the head of the bazooka around , point out the passenger window . up ahead , the convoy be round a bend in the river , which mean there 's a open expanse of water between the lead vehicle , the one with the see blade , and the rear vehicle , the one indy and the other be in . indy sight over the barrel of the bazooka -- indy might wanna cover you - - '' ear '' be what he mean to say , but before anybody can --- 91 92 93. on the river , the explosive head of the bazooka blast out the passenger window of the rear truck , scream across the open water , slam into the lead truck -- -- and the truck explode , turn a cartwheel . its whirling see blade be blow free , rip through the jungle like runaway airplane propeller . the second truck swerve , narrowly miss the wreckage . spalko and the other duck as one of the whirring saw blade scream over they head , miss they by inch . they come to a stop . spalko stand and grab the sack with the skull . 93 94 95 94 , half the convoy smashes into itself , a chain reaction pile -up . the whirring saw blade slice through the air over the top of the convoy , head toward the back , where -- in the rear truck , -- marion , indy and mutt duck , there be the horrible shrieking sound of tear metal , and when they sit up -- -- the truck roof be gone . in the second vehicle , spalko hold the sack with the skull , look back and see the contrail still hang in the air for the rear vehicle , where indy shot the bazooka . oxley Henry Jones junior . she shout to the Driver of the jeep , who push the accelerator to the floor . spalko vawn atsuda ! ( go , go , go ) as the jeep barrel through the jungle , spalko chase it and hand the sack to Mac . spalko ( cont have ) zashchishchaite cherip ( protect the skull ! ) -- she leap onto the jeep just behind she spalko ( cont would ) slyeduiti za nimi ( follow they ! ) the Russian soldier at the wheel keep drive as she climb in and grab a automatic weapon from one of the soldier . one of the soldier ( pasha ) yell after she pasha who cause this ? spalko Jones ! 96 94a . in the rear of the truck , indy land in the front seat of the cab , he shout to marion , who 's still drive the truck , point at the vehicle in front of they . it 's a duck ( half truck half boat ) with two Russian Soldiers in it . indy pull up alongside that duck ! marion hit the gas and the truck gain on the duck they drive by pasha , he get he rifle and fire at they . she pull right up next to it , the Russians on board open fire -- -- and indy leap through the air , landing in the front of the Russians ' duck , fight with the Driver and the shooter 97 98 99 95 . in the back of the truck , dovchenko regains consciousness and see the Driver and the shooter as they be hurl out of the duck and land in the jungle foliage . he turn and see the duck through the tear side of the truck , and now indy 's at the wheel , beckone to mutt and marion to jump aboard . mutt jump , marion leg go of the wheel and jump -- -- and dovchenko leap into the front seat of the truck , take over the wheel before the truck crash . in the duck , indy hit the gas and pass the truck , quickly catch up to the racing jeep with spalko in it . spalko see indy approach . she point with she right hand . * spalko ( to the driver ) * idiot ! on yedit ! ( he 's come ) * but spalko 's on she foot , and armed . she swing she weapon around and open fire . in indy 's duck , marion see it come . marion get down ! she grab indy . mutt jump up from the back , cover marion and * pull they down a split- second before the windshield shatter . spalko keep fire and indy slow down , which mean she weapon 's blasting right at the jeep with Mac and Oxley and the Russian * soldier . the bullet miss they . * Mac take off he hat and check to make sure he be alright . * mac * bloody Russians ( he tap the driver in * the shoulder ) no disrespect comrade . * 100 95a . in indy 's duck , indy 's catch up to the lead vehicle , the jeep which have Oxley , Mac , and the skull in it . indy ( to marion ) ox have the skull . marion take the wheel ! marion take over and they pull up alongside the jeep . indy start to get up . mutt that 's not fair , she drive the truck indy do not be a child . find something to fight with . indy go to the side of the duck ready to jump . mutt begin to look around . indy wait till the soldier be blind by intervene foliage -- -- and he leap aboard the jeep , barrel into the Soldiers . one of the soldier fall out of the duck . indy start to get up , Mac stand up , and be promptly be - introduce to indy 's fist . Mac collapse against the windshield . indy turn and hit the soldier on he back - ( dennis ) then turn & hit the soldier next to he . ( justin ) indy turn front passenger soldier ( andy ) be about to hit he , indy duck - the soldier hit the soldier behind indy . ( justin ) indy hit the soldier in the front ( andy ) - the gunner soldier ( kenny ) be about to grab indy - indy grab he and throw he to the back - indy turn & grab the driver 's head smashes into the steering wheel knock he out - indy grab hold of Mac and put he arm around he throat . mac indy , indy . you break my nose again ! indy grab the wheel with one hand - 95b . indy look up ahead , see a fall tree on the jungle floor ahead . he swerve the jeep -- marion and mutt have be watch the fight . marion he have not forget how to show a girla good time eh ? mutt Mom can not you just think that type of stuff ha ? ( do not say it there 's no reason for it ) ( do not say it alright ) + % + ok 101 102 103 104 96 . in the jungle , -- which drive directly over the fall tree -- in the jeep , -- and the jeep bounce high into the air , send the remain Russian Soldiers fly out of it . the bag contain the Crystal skull fly into the air too , and be about to go sailing out of the jeep -- -- when harold Oxley , who 's in the back seat , reach up and catch it like a football . but behind he , a Russian soldier have hold on to the racing jeep and be climb back on board . in spalko 's jeep , she fire she gun again , but it 's empty . spalko shurt ! ( shit ) she toss it aside and draw she rapier . in indy 's jeep , indy drive with he leave hand and have Mac in a head lock mac indy ! indy shut up ! mac indy ! indy shut up ! mac indy , you stupid son of a bitch , I ’m CIA ! I practically shout it at you in the ten , I say '' like in Berlin ! '' what be we in Berlin , mate ?! indy & mac double agent , yeah ? 105 106 96a . behind they , unseen , the Russian soldier ( andy ) who be cling to the back of the jeep finally haul himself aboard . int the duck , marion drive while mutt , in the back , open up a long rosewood case , search for a weapon , any weapon . he find a box of sword and grab one . look up , he see spalko 's jeep pull up alongside indy 's , where -- in spalko 's jeep spalko drive up to the duck , she scream at the soldier in indy 's jeep , in English . spalko throw I the skull ! 107 108 97 . omit in indy 's jeep , the soldier hear she and turn , see the skull , in its burlap bag , still in Oxley 's lap . he grab it and toss it to spalko . Mac immediately grab the soldier , punch he in the face , and toss he out of the jeep . he turn go back to indy still plead he case . mac you think General Ross just happen to turn up in nevada to bail you out ? I send he , he 's my control agent ! he look at indy -- see ?! indy ( to Mac ) why do not you say so before ?! mac what do you want I to do , paint it on my ass ?! Oxley look back see spalko with the sack spalko open the bag look in , she cinch the bag . indy try to catch up . spalko hold the bag up with she leave hand and show it to indy with a smile . -- -- but she sense something behind she and as she turn , she hear a hissing sound in the air -- she look to see mutt , stand on the edge of the rampaging duck , hold she at rapier point . mutt swing again , and she counter the blow . now , from they stand position atop the bounce vehicle , they swing at each other , wild vicious , barely control . but clearly , both of they know how to handle a sword . indy keep up with they , edging over closer to spalko 's jeep , where the skull be . + ok * * 97a . 10/16/07 indy mutt get out of there ! marion turn off ! watch out ! Oxley start to get up , Mac push he down . mac who do he think he be errol Flynn . ( greaser think he 's errol Flynn ) indy marion break off . ( do not take she on ) ( not with she ) mutt lunge at spalko with a furious combination of lunge and attack , but she parry they easily . spalko you fight like a young man -- eager to begin , quick to finish . mutt attack , one foot on each vehicle , and they start to move apart . he 's cling to both vehicle , split in half like a wishbone . spalko find it amusing . indy drive he duck towards spalko 's jeep . the jeep come together again and spalko lunge , mutt parry and they spin around , fall backwards into each other 's vehicle . 109 98 . 10/16/07 in spalko 's jeep , mutt look down and see the skull in the burlap bag . he grab it , turn hit the driver . mutt get up and show the bag to indy approach in he duck . mutt start to swing it around he head . mac hey ! ( on 109a ) hey I get it ! indy throw I the bag ! mac throw I the bag ! but the Russian soldier at the wheel take out he gun . indy he 's get a gun , watch the gun ! mutt smashes the driver with the bag hold the skull , drop the bag and the sword and they start to wrestle for the gun . in marion 's duck a sword rip through next to marion as spalko attack she from behind . marion stomp on the brake and spalko fly out of the duck , but manage to grab hold of the machine gun mount on the front of the vehicle . the gun spin around , blasting shot through the windshield , narrowly miss marion . as spalko fire indiscriminately , marion hit the gas , catch up to -- 99 . spalko 's jeep , -- where mutt continue wrestle with the driver . Shots go off from the gun . marion 's duck ram into the back end of the jeep and spalko fly back landing at mutt 's jeep and -- -- the fight resume . spalko turn and hit mutt with she leave , then she right , then she leave and another right . Quick jab . mutt be able to grab she and throw she against the windshield . he grab the bag with the skull , and punch the driver again . spalko with she back to mutt kick he with she right foot right on he nose . blood flow down he nose , mutt be stunne . he get up , she kick he on the chest , then she kick he lower she put all she strength into one last kick , he be at the back end of the jeep . he fall backwards , out of the jeep -- -- and onto the hood of indy 's jeep , which indy have just drive up behind they . mac give I the bag ! but as he fall , the burlap bag that hold the skull fly off mutt 's hand and into spalko 's hand . she catch it and smile back at mutt. 99a . marion be drive through the jungle , try to catch up . she crash into a ditch . she get out and see that she wheel be spin , she get a log place it under the tire and a rock . * 112 113 100 . 10/16/07 in indy 's jeep , mutt climb to he foot , ready again . mutt ( to indy ) what be you lookin at , daddy - of ?. C ’mon she 's get away . indy hit the gas , mutt turn , ready to leap onto spalko 's jeep , but they be in a area with a lot of low-hanging vine now and -- -- mutt be scooped up into the AIR ! indy , Mac and Oxley lookup for mutt . up in the treetop , mutt 's sweep right up into the treetop , and land , out of breath and off balance , on a thick branch . he watch in panic as below , the jeep race away without he . he turn -- -- and sees fifty monkey be staring at he . the monkey one by one leap onto the vine , swinging away from mutt . mutt grab hold of a vine -- -- and swing away . with the monkey ahead of and behind he , mutt swing on a vine after vine , close in on the convoy below . 114 100a . down below , spalko 's jeep chase indy in the truck , and now they be run along the edge of a sheer cliff that drop five hundred foot straight down to the raging amazon . spalko shout at the Driver in Russian and slide over , take the wheel . spalko * shivilyiteve ! ( move ! ) * she catch up quickly and start ramming into the side of indy 's jeep , to knock he off the cliff . they veer perilously close . mac * leave off ! * a Russian soldier in indy 's jeep , previously unconscious , awaken , see they be about to go off the cliff , and bail out . Mac follow he about to do the same change he mind . spalko * ram into the side again . * mac ( cont would ) * will you please stop ! * up in the tree , mutt be still swinging , chase the convoy . he grab one last vine , swing all the way to the end of its sweep -- in the jeep , -- spalko be close in for the final push , to knock indy and the other off the cliff -- spalko * dazvidanya dr . jone ! ( goodbye Dr. Jones ) * 101 . -- and mutt swing around and land with a crash in she front seat ! he knock spalko into the passenger seat and grab the bag with the skull in it . monkey pour into the jeep , mutt leap over the windshield , onto the hood , the Russian soldier grab the wheel as mutt jump -- 117 in indy 's jeep , -- into the back of indy 's jeep . he drop the bag onto .... Oxley 's lap . he grab the burlap bag , open it and smile . he cinch the bag and hug it . mutt on he back right next to indy , give he that hungry - for - praise look indy 's give so often . mutt whoa . indy give he a half - smile back -- not bad , kid . indy whoa ? 118 omitted 119 omitted 120 behind they , spalko , enraged , grab a monkey and hurl it off the cliff in frustration . 121 further back , in the jungle , dovchenko be still drive the damage truck , pick up stray Russian Soldiers . they head for the cliff edge with the other . 122 in indy 's jeep , indy 's eye widen as he see a huge dirt pile up ahead , block they way completely . indy whoaaaaa ! spalko see the dirt pile approach . the jeep go airborne and slam into the side of the soft dirt mound . 102 . 10/16/07 a moment later , there 's a roar as spalko 's jeep fly into the air above they , slam down on top , and rumble past they , come to rest near the top of the strange dirt pile . spalko pull a gun from the holster of one of the Russian Soldiers . indy and he group come to and stat to move out , they see spalko with the gun aim at they -- -- and a ant , at least five inch long , crawl out onto she hand ! the ant sink its pincer into the soft webbing between she finger . she take she leave hand and swat the ant , blood pour out . suddenly dozen of ant pour into the Russian vehicle , through the air vent , out from around the pedal , materialize from everywhere . a thousand more ant pour from the soft mount -- which be a ant hill , we now realize , for red army ant , ferocious and huge . indy ( cont have ) siafu ! get out of here ! as tens of thousand of siafu stream out of the ant hill , Oxley grab the burlap bag , Mac grab Oxley , indy grab mutt , and the four of they take off downhill . spalko and she driver ( Lee ) chase they but the Russian truck drive by dovchenko roar out of the jungle . dovchenko leap out of the truck and tackle indy . dov lift indy off the ground , indy yell to the other to keep go . indy ( cont have ) go! get to the river ! go ! they start to fight . 123 124 102a . on the ground , Oxley stumble and fall in the mayhem . Mac and mutt barrel toward the river , but the Russians in the truck pull even with they and raise they weapon . Mac and mutt be dead for sure , but just as the Russians open fire -- -- a rampaging duck roar up in front of the Russians with marion at the wheel ! in the duck , marion duck as the Russian gunfire screech off the metal side of the duck . but it allow mutt and Mac to jump in from the other side , keep low . marion hit the gas and they take off toward the river . but they soon reach a short cliff . marion stomp on the brake and look over the edge . she see they be only about twenty or thirty foot above the river , and there 's a large tree halfway down . she turn the duck around , but she 's think something . 125 126 103 . back uphill , indy and dovchenko be in a fistfight for the age , and indy 's get he ass kick . indy ram into dov , they fall to the ground . indy punch he while he be on top of he . dov pout he leave hand on indy 's face and push he off . dov stand and grab indy by the ear - indy get up and punch dov , once , twice , on the third one dov duck , indy miss , dov punch indy on the side - indy fall back to the ground - dov take indy 's hat off and pull he by the hair with he leave hand , he punch indy back to the ground again . worse the river of ant be head right toward they . just as the ant be about to swarm over all of they , Oxley , who 's still on the ground nearby , hold the Crystal Skull , he slowly remove the cover , the light gleam off it -- -- and the ant immediately divide into two column and go right around they and the skull . nearby , spalko , on foot now with a Russian soldier , be racing toward where the fistfight 's go on . but the ant overtake they . they swarm over the soldier drag he down . spalko move up on a tree trunk , back up away from the ant . the ant continue to move towards she , spalko see a vine , she jump up and grab it . she be hang above the ant . the ant start to make a ladder by climb on each other , try to reach spalko 's foot . spalko climb higher on the vine . one ant have manage to get on she leg , spalko snap she leg together and squash the ant . spalko idisuda ! ( ee-dee-soo-dah ) * + % + HH HH * + % + ok + % + eh HH hf + % * 127 128 103a . back at the fight , indy be now bleed in he nose and mouth . indy on he back barely turn around and start to crawl towards he hat , he be about to pick it up but instead he pick up a large tree stick with he right hand . indy turn quickly and hit dov with the stick , and then punch he four time , dovchenko land flat on he back -- -- in the middle of the sea of ant . they immediately overcome he , go in he ear , he mouth , he nostril -- and then start bite to make hole of they own . dovchenko 's body start to move , horizontally along the ground , float six inch above the jungle floor the Russian scream as the army ant carry he away to another dirt mound and drag he down into it , to devour he in peace . indy 's hat be also be carry by the ant into the anthill . indy walk up hold the skull , the ant move away , he pick up he hat put it on and move towards Oxley the russian truck , now flee the army ant like everybody else , reach the edge of the cliff marion see earlier . the Soldiers pour out , carry rope and gear to rappel down the cliff , anything to escape the ant . spalko get out look back , get she rope and start to head down . spalko Da vai , da vai , ( duhvye , duh vye ) go go now ! 129 130 104 . 10/5/07 in marion 's duck she see indy come toward she , now carry Oxley , who 's carry the skull , and as long as he be , there be a halo of clear space around they where the ant will not go . marion crank the wheel , pull up alongside they , and they leap in . marion hit the wiper to clear a swarm of ant from the windshield and hit the gas . indy see she 's head straight for the cliff edge . mac slow down ! mutt slow down Mom indy honey , you gotta stop or we will go off the cliff ! marion that 's the idea ! indy bad idea !! give I the wheel ! marion turn to he and smile a indy smile . marion trust I . the duck barrel straight off the edge of the cliff . in mid - AIR the duck plummet for a few second and 131-133 crunch ! land in a tree , slamm to a stop in the branch . indy turn see the Russians still rappelling down the cliff face . the ant be not far behind , pour over the side of the cliff in pursuit marion hit the gas and the truck lurch , wheel spin in the branch , the tree groaning forward with the shifting weight , finally bend all the way over , to ground level . + ok * * 134 135 136 137 105 . 10/5/07 the Russian Soldiers continue to climb down just as -- -- marion 's duck break free and roar off , release the tree and cause it to snap back all the way in the other direction -- -- and swat three or four of the Russian soldier on the wall like a giant fly swatter . ext amazon river day -- the amazon river as a huge vehicle splashes into it . in the duck , marion crank the wheel , try to drive the thing in the raging current . she turn to indy , a huge grin on she face . indy shrug , grumpily impressed . indy do not ever do that again ! marion yes , dear . but the duck nearly go under in a set of rapid . underwater , the duck 's wheel rotate flat , for flotation , and a set of propeller at the rear spin to life , churn river water . in the duck , for a moment , the duck come under control . indy turn to mutt , grin as they churn down river indy you learn to fence like that in prep school ? mutt just one more useless experience . indy I be not sure I have call that one useless . ( that 's one that turn out not to be useless . ) marion he be fencing champ two year in a row , but he get kick out for betting on the match 106 . 10/5/07 mutt it be smart . I bet on myself to win . I make a fortune . Mac grin and smack mutt on the back . mac good boy . ( that 's good son ) ( low , to mutt ) always have a little bet on the downside , in case you wanna throw one . indy outrageous ! the rapid be get heavier . mutt , scream . he yank he hand out of the water , and here 's a small , rainbow - belly fish clamp down firmly onto one finger . mutt piranha ! the other all start scream too . mutt shake the fish off violently . just ahead of they . Oxley shout excitedly . oxley three time it drop ! they all look , and start scream 138 the huge waterfall it 's gut - churn moment of free fall , everybody scream . the duck splashes into the water and pop right back out .. they be back in the rapid . 106a . 10/5/07 139 rapid mutt and indy fall out of the duck , they climb back and settle in . oxley the way down ! ( he point to land ) mutt he mean by land , he come by land . indy '' Three time it drop ? '' oxley Three time it drop ! he 's point toward the shoreline , where they can see spalko and the other , pursue they from a pathway alongside the river that parallel the river . marion what 's he talk about ? indy he mean . ( he point behind they ) one ! ( then move forward and point forward ) two ! ! and they look ahead , and we realize that there 's a a_second waterfall and they go airborne again . more scream freefall . 140 they emerge below into the rapid again . this time Mac , indy and mutt fall off the duck . they quickly climb back in . the duck race down the river towards the third fall . indy ( cont have ) Three ! Oxley take the noose from the burlap bag and put it around he neck . mean girl and the soldier see they from a ledge . mean girl watch the duck and hero crew . the duck race toward the waterfall edge . indy take off he hat , they be all still . + % + % + ok * 141 107 . 10/16/07 the third waterfall , really make the other two look lame . there 's no hope of keep the duck upright , the fall point straight down , toss every body out into open space . they sail through the air , mercifully clear of the duck , and all five of they plunge into the water of the amazon . but finally , some good news -- the river have mellow out at this point , and all five head pop back up above the surface . ext river bank day one by one , indy , marion , Mac , mutt , and Oxley drag themselves onto the riverbank and lie there , gasping . indy help Oxley to dry ground . he walk over to marion and turn she toward he , make sure she 's all right . she 's soak and breathless , but she 's fine . indy honey you alright ? you okay ? he grab the wheel and yank it off she hand . indy look at she , deep into she eye for the first time in a long time . he look exhaust . 108 . 10/16/07 Oxley sit , face away . he take the burlap bag and place it in front of he , rotate it to face in the direction he 's look . a low - end vibration start , barely audible at first , come from the skull . tiny pebble and bit of dirt on the ground around it be jump lightly into the air indy walk over to Oxley and follow he gaze . there , tower above they , a great stone head be carve into the cliff on the shore of the river . oxley through eye that last I see in tear ... mutt look up suddenly , recognize that word . mutt ( finish the quote ) '' the golden vision reappear ! '' it 's t.s. eliot ! you make I read it . ( to the other ) '' through eye that last I see in tear , here in death 's dream kingdom , the golden vision reappear ! '' mac gold ?! I be in . mutt 's still think , look up at the cliff . he see that a waterfall run out of the leave eye of the carve face . mutt through eye in tear , we go through the waterfall ! indy look at he , impressed , then look back up at the cliff . 142 143 109 . 10/16/07 indy this skull have to be return . I x11 do it . nobody else have to come . mutt who care ? that thing 's bring we nothing but trouble . ( point at Oxley ) look what it do to he . indy I have to return it . marion why you ? indy because it tell ( ask ) I to . mutt it ask ( tell ) you to ? a hunk of dead rock ? indy ( matter -of -fact ) what make you think it 's dead ? slowly , they all turn and look at the skull . we move in close on it , and as we draw in -- dissolve to : ext cliff of akator day -- dissolve to that same face , only huge , and carve in rock . indy and the other have make they way up the steep face and be just beside the waterfall that spill out of the giant eye . omit 144 110 . 10/17/07 ext river 's edge day the wreckage of the duck that indy and the other ride over the fall be wash up on the shore of the river . irina spalko and the few remain Russian Soldiers , they arm and neck inflame by the pincer mark of the army ant , have just hack they way through the jungle at the rive 's edge . they be still carry the rope and other gear they use to rappel down the cliff face at the river . spalko pick up one of the diode from the floor , she glance down at it . she look out across the water and see -- -- the giant face carve into the cliff of akator . she suddenly weaken , overcome by a powerful feel . spalko into the water . 145 110a . int cave day indy help Oxley get up into the cave , marion hold onto he arm . indy lead they into the cave - Mac be hold a flashlight . the be strike by a cave painting in front of they . close on the cave wall as indy gently touch the first painting , a depiction of a group of squat human figure , hand stretch aloft to the sun . indy ( feel the material ) ochre ... iron oxide .... charcoal ... mac how old be this ? indy four , five thousand year , old as the pyramid . Sun worshipper like the egyptian . while indy study the painting , mutt notice there be a series of torch -holder in the wall . there be smear of black reside above they , and mutt run he finger over they . the residue come off on he skin . mutt this be fresh . this be just use . but the other be too distract by the painting to pay attention . 111 . they move to the next panel . the group of human be look up at the sky as a figure be lowering form the heaven -- humanoid , but taller , thin , glow . marion more worshipper . indy that 's not the sun they be worshipp though . indy ( cont have ) someone come . they keep move . there be more alien figure now , and they be move among the human figure , building , farming . indy ( cont have ) taught the ugha -- farming , irrigation -- Oxley hold onto the burlap bag with the skull , move into another room he see --- the next draw a more detailed version of the visitor , just its torso and cranium , in profile . Oxley reach into he bag , pull out the Crystal Skull . indy and the rest of the group enter the room . marion ox , what be it ? indy hand the torch to mutt and approach Oxley , he reach for the skull . Oxley be hesitant to give it up . indy I understand . indy take it and move closer to the wall .... change the action : new action Oxley and the rest of the group enter the room . marion move to Oxley she put she hand on he shoulder marion ox , what be it ? indy hand the torch to mutt and move in front of Oxley . 111a . indy I think I understand ox . someone come . indy look at the painting , mesmerize . Oxley take the skull and raise it with he right hand , create a shadow he hold it up against the painting -- -- and it 's a exact match . marion be this the same as that ? ( or ) be they the same ? indy have be look at another painting behind they . indy it 's not the only one . ( or ) there be more , look in a circle . he move to the next picture , a group of shot of a circle of the taller figure , all group around a central area . Oxley move ahead of they , indy join he . indy ( cont have ) show we the way , ox . Oxley move slowly at first , then start to pick up speed . they move ahead , into a darker antechamber . it 's harder to make out the painting here , but the scale be massive . they pass through the cave and into -- 146 112 . int cave rotunda day -- a large rotunda area . above they , there be thirteen skull carve into the ceiling . as they pass underneath , one of the skull open its eye . the eye follow the human pass below , and then the thin rock start to chip away as a form press into it from above . it 's a real ugha warrior . now all the skull start to open they eye and we realize this be surveillance perches , there 's a whole system of tunnel up above they . the ugha warrior swarm down from the ceiling , they start to follow Oxley and the group indy , Mac , marion and mutt stop they hear something . Oxley up ahead stop , listen . oxley '' to lay they just hand on that golden Key ... that ope 's the Palace of eternity . '' he repeat be several time . marion join he . marion shhh , listen . they stop . indy realize what be happen . indy let 's go . go , go , go .... they all take off , barrel through the rotunda toward the sliver of light at the far end . -- the shrieking ugha warrior be flying own toward the group ! the warrior whirl a bola belt over its head ( so that be the whirling helicopter blade image ) 112a . -- ugha warrior swarm down from the ceiling , jump , swinging , climb down on vine . indy rip the bola from around mutt 's neck , drag he to he foot , and they all take off , barrel through the rotunda toward the sliver of light at the far end . 147 148 113. ext cave entrance day mayhem spill out of the mouth of the cave -- indy , Mac , marion , and mutt , pursue by a dozen shrieking warrior and whirling bolas . Oxley take off down a set of carve step toward -- -- akator the ruin of the city be set in a hollow depression in the center of the plateau-atop - a- plateau , rimmed by cloud , with a huge , man - make reservoir carve into the hilltop above it . though the jungle have grow up around it , we can see its spiral design radiate out from a great Stone Temple . the pathway be smooth and straight , border by aqueduct which carry the water flow from the reservoir above , throughout the city , and plunging down into the base of the temple itself . indy be run with Oxley , suddenly they be knock to the ground by the bolas . Mac fall . marion fall . one of the hole whap through the air , wrap around mutt 's neck -- - and slam he to the floor . the warrior surround marion and mutt . mutt take he knife and cut the bolas off he neck . he move next to marion try to protect she . marion indy !!! Mac see the Warrior around he and he also yell . mac jonesey !!! indy look around , know they be not go to win this fight . he shout to Oxley , desperate : indy Oxley ! you be here before , how do you get past ‘em ! the warrior move in closer with they spear , suddenly they stop 114 . Oxley get up with the skull in he hand -- -- and hold it over he head . the skull catch the light of the sun and refract out through the lense eye in brilliant beam . the light stream out everywhere , through the ear , the nose , the mouth , and the low hum we hear before get louder , the skull vibrate madly , actually blurring in Oxley 's hand as he hold it over he head . to a man , the ugha warrior freeze in they track , start at the skull in terrify fascination . indy grab onto Oxley as the ughas shrink back . indy ( cont have ) Oxley , marion . indy pull Oxley along , they make they way towards Mac . be afraid to follow they . indy ( cont have ) C ’mon mac. Mac crawl towards marion and mutt. oxley '' to lay they just hand on that golden Key ... that ope 's the Palace of eternity . '' indy you do good ox . they reach marion and mutt . they take off , toward the temple in the distance . they reach the temple and scamper up its terrace side . ugha do not follow . the ugha the 149 114a . on top of the stone temple , the group stagger onto the flat top of the temple . there 's a large square box fill with sand , and a fifteen foot stone obelisk lie on its side . one end of the obelisk be support by a cut - out chunk of hillside , the heavier and lie in the center of the stone box . Mac look around . mac the city of gold , so where 's the gold ? he throw a piece of artifact on the ground in disgust . mac ( cont would ) look at the state of this place ! what a stupid legend . what a waste of my time . indy be stand by the top of the step with Oxley . Oxley go down the step . indy follow he . mutt squat down watch they , marion stand next to he . indy ox be here before , but he could not get into the temple , so he put the skull back to he cemetery where he find it . Oxley bend down and pick up a handful of sand , he pour it into indy 's hand . oxley '' to lay they just hand on that Golden Key ... that ope 's the Palace of eternity . '' indy grin and turn to Oxley , point at the obelisk indy Golden key , right ? ( to the other ) this obelisk , be the key to get into the temple . indy lean on the obelisk + ok * + % 115 . oxley to lay they just hand on that golden key ... Oxley start to walk around the obelisk indy that 's it , that 's it ! indy follow Oxley around the obelisk oxley that ope 's the Palace of eternity . through eye that last I see in tear .... here in death 's dream kingdom .... gold vision reappear indy what be you do ox ? what be you look for ? Oxley stop in front of one of the stone head . a small trickle of sand be run out from around the edge of a plug of some kind , one of a series of such plug . indy ( cont have ) you figure ( work ) this out in you cell do not you Professor ? well do . he get a idea , go to pick up a stone . Mac move in to look at the plug . mac Excuse I Professor . as Mac look at the stone , indy , hold a huge chunk of rock over he head , move forward toward Mac , roaring with effort . indy move please . ( just move please Mac ) Mac turn and react . mac do not kill I ! mutt 's face light up , he get it , he also go to get a rock Mac lunge out of the way as indy slam the rock down on the square stone plug at the base of the stone box . thee plug get loose and a stream of sand flow out of the hole . + * hf * * 115a . indy turn and give the rock to Mac to hold . indy remove the stone head , and more sand flow out . he get he rock back from Mac . indy go get one of you own . mutt enter with a rock and slam it into another plug . more sand flow out . now indy and mutt move quickly from plug to plug , smashing they with rock , kicking the plug out , sand rush onto the ground . now Mac and marion pitch in , kick plug out , shove the rock away to let the sand flow freely out of the pit . Oxley be seat nearby watch they with a smile . he look up . 150 116 . ext the stone BOX day indy hit the last stone off the base . as the level of sand go down , the base of the obelisk , which be rest on that sand also go down . indy hear the rumble , he stand and look to see , ten ton of stone - aid only by gravity , slowly move to vertical . as the base go down , the four horizontal pillar , start to rise into the air . indy and the other watch . the four obelisk piece click together . the floor of the pit start to rumble and groan the rest of the sand fall away quickly from below the group , they fall through with the sand onto -- a set of stair in a darken area . indy sit up . indy listen you hear that ? they all sit up . indy ( cont have ) it 's not over ! 151 116a . int temple day a mechanism trip and the step start to retract , into the wall . the group get up and start to descend the stair . Oxley be in front , he be hold the skull in he arm wrap under he serape . indy be behind he . they leap as they race down , try to get to the bottom before the step disappear completely . indy let 's go , move faster . move , move . this be not good . move ox , move . faster ox . indy look back and see that marion be fall behind . indy ( cont have ) go back ( get ) and help you mother mutt stop and wait for marion mutt ma! marion ; do not stop for I , keep go . marion catch up , mutt give she he hand , they continue down . as the group head down , we drop down to they foot , to they footprint , the stair get smaller indy put he back against the wall , the other follow , the stair keep retract . indy fall , one by one they all fall . the group have land on water . marion be cough . mutt see that Oxley have lose the skull . they begin they search . Mac look around for gold . mac where 's you gold mate ? he find a coin , put it away . indy help marion . 116b . indy be you alright ? ( you okay ? ) marion yeah . marion embrace indy , they have a moment and look at each other suddenly mutt come up with a soldier skeleton and hand it to indy . mutt here hold this . he continue to search for the skull in the water . he find it and hand it to Oxley . mutt ( cont have ) ox , here . Oxley take it and embrace it . oxley the golden visionary reappear . he cover it . mutt start to walk away , stop . mutt let 's go . he walk further away , stop and look at indy . mutt ( cont have ) this way ? indy head out the other follow . CUT to : 152 153 116c . ext cliff over akator day ugha Warrior lie on the ground riddled with bullet . irina spalko walk towards the temple . at the stone step that lead to akator , she pick up a identical diode flash . she look at a tracking device in she hand . she gesture and start to go up the step of the temple , the soldier follow she . CUT to : int temple base day indy and the other move around the obelisk , they reach the other side . indy find a torch . indy Mac give we a light . Mac light it with he lighter . they move into a open . they go through the tunnel and continue to move deeper into the temple base . as the group move on , we drop down to they foot -- -- and to the small flashing diode that one of they ( mac ) have just drop in they track . 117 . 10/4/07 153a int corridor day a hundred foot below ground level , indy , marion , Oxley , mutt and Mac enter a corridor , away from the sunlight above . but the light seem to follow they , stream through strategically place fissure in the temple wall and bounce off smoothly polished area on the stone surface . as they move on , they notice precious jewel , set in ornate silver setting and hang upon the wall . Mac chip one out of the wall , drop it in he pocket , grin to himself as he study the dozen ahead . indy lead they to a large open , in the middle of the corridor be large quartz shape hang in the ceiling . mutt move closer and touch one of they . mutt what be it ? indy I have no idea . ( you be ask I ? ) indy move on , they all follow . * + * hf * + % 154 118 . 9/30/07 int antechamber day the group come down the stair into a open . indy put the torch down and head down , the group follow he the room be very different , it be full of thing . Mac study the room , but it 's the bracelet and ring that he 's interested in . mac that 's more like it ! they walk cross further into the room . there be nich all over the wall , cramme with antiquity from every era imaginable . indy marvel at they : indy artifact , from every era of mankind ( early history ) . macedonian ... sumerian ... mutt this place be the mother lode . indy struscan ... babylonian ... mac there 's not a museum on earth ( in the world ) would not sell its soul for this lot . indy early egyptian . mac a dozen museum , a hundred of they , jonesy ! Mac walk away . indy collector . ( a grin ) they be archaeologist . ( he realize that ox be not next to he ) ox ? , ox ? Oxley walk over to the side of the chamber , there be two giant door , seemingly carve from a single giant block of iron ore . he uncover the skull , the skull start to vibrate . + % + ok + % + % + ok + % + ok * * + % 119 . 10/1/07 Mac walk around the room and begin to fill he pocket with coin , jewelry and precious stone . marion walk over the touch the skull , she take she hand away . mutt join they and also touch the vibrate skull , indy join they . mutt how do we open it ? indy look and see the recess that be over the head of the door and it 's empty . indy size it up , think . he turn to Oxley and reach for the skull . Oxley hesitates , but indy put he hand gently on the skull . indy I 'il give it back , harold . reluctantly , Oxley let it go . indy ( cont have ) I promise . indy move to the door and shove the Crystal Skull into the recess above the door . it fit perfectly , as if the recess be a mold . immediately , the skull glow , brighter than it ever have , and all at once -- indy step back to the group . Mac join they , he be now load with bracelet and ring in he pocket and around he neck . the door begin to groan , the arrow come down push the ball down , the zig zag door open . they rumble open slowly , and slam all the way to he bottom , revealing -- 155 119a . int temple heart day -- a blindingly light room . indy pull the skull free from the recess , hop back to the ground , and hand it back to Oxley . they all come inside , blink at the room 's radiance . it 's round , build in the style of the time , along the line of a throne room . carve totem fill every nook and crannny . and there , seat upright in a circle atop a massive circular altar be thirteen flawless crystal skeleton , nearly seven foot tall each . Oxley see one in particular -- because it have no skull atop its shoulder . Oxley still hold the skull , start to walk forward , toward the altar that hold the headless body -- oxley ( softly , to the skull ) no more forever wait soon now . Oxley uncover the skull and aim it towards the altar . they all stare transfix -- 120 . 10/16/07 -- and indy hear a click behind he . he turn around . mac_is point a gun at they . mac sorry , old son ( jonesy ) indy why do not you make up you mind , which side we on ? marion I be get really tired of this guy . mac ( call out ) ya evo poimal ! ( get he ) and now , from the entrance to the final chamber -- -- the four Russian soldier step into the room . indy look back at Mac , more irritate than anything . indy so you be what ? a triple agent ? mac Nah , I just lie about be a double . ( to marion ) do not worry , you can come with we . marion hah ! fat chance . 121 . 10/2/07 spalko enter the room , a rush run through she body , and she look up at the other , eye shine . spalko look at they . she come up the step . spalko ( cont have ) still wait . for the return of the one who be lose . she look around the room at the twelve other . spalko ( cont have ) they be a hive mind , one be , physically separate , but with a collective consciousness . more powerful together than they could ever be apart . she walk up to Oxley and gently take the Crystal Skull from Oxley 's hand and regards it , alas-poor - yorick style . spalko ( cont have ) imagine what they 's 1l tell we . she walk toward the altar that contain the headless body . indy I can not imagine . ( she turn , look at he ) neither could the human who build this temple , and neither can you . she start to climb the altar , toward the mummy . spalko belief , Dr. Jones , be a gift you have yet to receive . my sympathy . indy oh , I believe , sister . that 's why I be down here . atop the altar now , she raise the skull toward the mummy . a magnetic field grab it out of she hand , pull it forward -- -- and suck it into place atop the mummy 's shoulder . 122. 10/2/07 a rumbling rise up in the room , the body themselves begin to vibrate . viscous fluid flow through the stone , this be live thing , and they be come back to life . the main skeleton , the one to which the Crystal skull be return , blur and its flesh return , soft , live flesh once again , eye that see , hand that move . spalko back up back to the group . Oxley , who be stare at the skeleton , transfix , move towards the altar and begin to speak , low and rapid . but it be not English , it 's -- indy and spalko move next to Oxley indy ( cont have ) mayan . he 's speak mayan . spalko what do he say ? Oxley 's lip move rapidly , strange , ancient sound come out of he mouth . indy listen , Oxley , be still talk . indy try to decipher indy he say he 's grateful , he want -- ( correct himself , he mean the skeleton ) -- indy turn and look at the skeleton . indy ( cont have ) -- it want to give we a gift . the be seem to look right back at he . spalko move closer to the altar . indy ( cont have ) a big gift . spalko be speak to the figure on the altar , low , fervent almost a prayer . spalko tell I -- everything you know , I want it all , I want to know -- the skeleton see she and seem to respond . + % * + * hf * + ok * * 122a . 10/2/07 something have begin . indy move back next to mutt . indy I have get a bad feel about this . spalko be transfix . she lock eye with the Main skeleton . marion be amaze too stare at they . marion indy , they eye ! -- the rumbling grow louder , and the stone wall of the room crack and crumble . Mac know a bad situation when he see it . he take off out of the open be start to move away , he duck out into the tunnel that lead to the antechamber . the side of the room start to spin , slowly at first , but gain speed , like a centrifuge . mutt what be they , space - man ?! harold Oxley be suddenly and completely restore to he normal self . oxley inter-dimensional being , in point of fact . indy ( surprised ) welcome back , ox . a swirl black sinkhole form in the center of the whirling room . marion what the hell be that ? oxley a portal ! a pathway ! indy I do not think we want to go that way . indy move Oxley and marion and push they out the exit . indy and mutt wait for the room to make another circle , and then they bolt for the exit . a157 a158 122b . 10/2/07 the soldier chase after they , they be suck up into the ceiling by the spin wall . spalko 's face glow in the brilliant light of the Skull 's eye . the wall of the room be a blur of motion now . the skeleton surround she but spalko remain , still stare into the eye again . spalko I want to know ! I want to know ! I can see , I can see . cover it . int . temple heart-day in the throne room , the wall be spin faster now , continue to stare , eye wide , temple throbbing . this she come for . int . temple heart-day more spalko spalko be what * + ok * 156 123 . 10/2/07 int antechamber day Mac come out of the tunnel and start to head up the stair . he stop and head back down , he start to pick up more loot . Oxley with marion come through the tunnel . marion want to go back , Oxley stop she . oxley do not even think about it . indy with mutt enter the antechamber through the tunnel . marion make sure that mutt be alright . mutt I be fine . marion go to indy , they embrace . mutt go to Oxley . mutt ( cont have ) ox ? do you know who I be ? oxley multiple dimension ! fascinating to ponder mutt ! mignon thorne write a interesting perspective , tease out the notion of changeable physics -- indy realize that something be happen . indy not a good time for this , ox ! he push they up the stair . indy stop , Mac come up from behind the artifact . mac I wink ( I always wink ) . indy put he finger up . indy nyet . the look at each other . indy join the group and they head out . Mac go back to gather more loot . oxley changeable physics a bit like eddy in water , what with hot and cold spot , see that thm anthinn + 9 + % + * hf * + % the % 123a . 10/2/07 indy stop at the top of the stair , he turn and call Mac . indy Mac come on ! Mac ! Mac keep pick up more stuff . indy go down closer to Mac . indy ( cont have ) mac! now ! Mac look at he , but he move to another area and keep pick up thing . indy ( cont have ) mac! damn it ! behind Mac , the black sinkhole be come forward . Mac turn and move towards indy , he 's pull to the ground . the sinkhole be advance toward Mac , and the denseness of its gravity be pull he and everything else toward it -- Mac look up at indy , know he 's in a serious jam . indy take out he whip and throw the handle to mac. Mac grab onto it . Mac continue to be draw toward the pit indy ( cont have ) come on Mac , use you foot ( leg ) . I can not do it alone . Mac 's face fall , there 's no way out of this . mac jonesy I be gonna be alright . he wink . he let go of the whip , he body be immediately suck , into the void . indy fall back onto the stair , take one last look stand and head out with the rest of the group . the stair right behind they be behind suck away . 123b . 10/2/07 c1i58 int . temple heart - day the side of the temple room whirl faster and faster , just a blur now , and spalko tear she away from the gaze of the body they be face , but when she turn around -- -- one of the body be stand right behind her . it seem impossible that it get there so quickly , but there be its eye , shine even brighter , so she turn again -- -- and there 's two more of they on the other side of she , right there , eye beam righter still . spalko cover it ! cover it ! 124 . 10/2/07 but there 's no one leave to cover it and she 's in he center of a circle , so everywhere she turn , there be a body stand right there , its eye burn like laser beam . spalko start to babble in that alien language the body speak , otherworldly sound come out of she , fast , and now she scream as it all pour into she , too much , far too much , the vein in she temple throb and swell -- -- she eye drip blood , but she do not collapse , she stay on she foot . smoke curl up from she eye , she eyeball flutter and bounce , as if she brain be boil water and they be float on top of it , she scream -- spalko ( cont have ) I can still see !!! -- geyser of flame burst from she eye . it flair up , hollowing out she eye socket , and whatever be leave of she eye burn out and drip down she face , dark , black matter -- -- and she arm drop to she side , lifeless , revealing two oversize , black , hollow eye socket , just like the corpse outside the door . she fall to the ground , dead . and at that very moment , the thirteen Crystal skeleton begin to vanish , one by one . they do not disappear , or get in a ship and fly away , it 's more that they slip away , turn sideways and slide into thin air , or another dimension , or someplace we can not grasp . the sinkhole in the center of the room both implode and explode at the same time , suck everything into it and expand at the same time . * * 125 . 10/2/07 157 c158 126 . 10/4/07 int temple corridor day indy and the other race into the corridor with the quartz hanging from the ceiling . everything continue to get suck back into the sinkhole . Oxley 's still make he point . oxley migno thorne call they , '' Post - inflation bubbles , '' assume universal expansion - - indy run to one end of the hallway , the wall be exploding with rock block the way out . indy run back to another corridor . oxley ( cont would ) -- and therefore random pocket of extrinsic physics -- indy ox ! oxley what ? indy ox shut up ! indy take off , they all follow . int . temple corridor day indy and the group come out to a open . oxley ( finish ) -- different reality could reside in the same space at the same time , completely unaware of one another they see a huge set of set , with huge turbine on both side . the group head up . the turbine crash behind they , water pour everywhere . they reach the top and go around another set of turbine . the group continue to run . just then , with a great crack , the wall around they split and water race towards they . + % + ok * 127 . 10/2/07 158 159 160 128 . 10/17/07 int temple - ascending tunnel day they race through a ascend tunnel . its wall be make of quartz , and through it they can see thousand of ton of water flow around they . they reach a dead end . they look up and see a open . rumbling of water get louder towards they . Water cascade into the quartz tunnel , roaring up behind they . it overtake they , sweeping they along , the tunnel fill up - and a whirlpool begin - force they upward -- they swirl all the way up -- ext akator dusk -- and exploding out the top of the tunnel , some distance away form the temple itself . they land on the side of the cliff that surround akator , a short distance from the top . behind they , the great Stone Temple be crumble , collapse into its center area , debris of all kind whirling as if in a gigantic centrifuge . ext plateau - above akator dusk the four survivor scramble up a small incline as_ behind they , the great Stone Temple completely flatten with a gigantic boom , devastating the entire plateau as its great weight drop all at once , fill the space create by the giant sinkhole . the four survivor duck for cover , behind the rock . the huge cloud of whirling debris still spin around a glow orb in the center , it 's the base of the temple , the spin , shine , silvery wall that surround the temple room . but now the orb itself turn sideways and vanish , and as it do , the giant cloud of debris be suck onto the tiny dot into which the orb disappear , leave not a speck of dust behind as evidence . when this last bit of support be yank from the landscape , the cliff around it collapse and , with a sound like a bedsheet ripping in half -- -- the great reservoir on the hillside across from they crack in half , send its ocean of water cascade down over the ruin of the city , flow over the rubble and fill up the space , like the Red Sea flow back into place . + % + ok * 129 . 10/17/07 indy , marion , mutt , and Oxley collapse on the hillside as the churn water settle , turn what be once the great city of all time into a peaceful mountain lake indy stand and look out . indy do you see that ? oxley like a broom to they footprint ... it 's dusk now , and the first star be come out . slowly , the sound of the jungle return . indy where do they go ? ( look up ) Space ? oxley not into space . into the space -- -- between space . indy look at he frail , scholarly old friend be wonder . mutt ( look down at the ruin ) I do not get it . the legend say it be suppose to be a city of gold . indy the ugha word for gold translate as '' treasure . '' but the treasure be not gold , it be knowledge . knowledge be they treasure . marion walk up to mutt and touch he face near the wide gash that have re-opene down he right cheek . marion oh , honey , you be go to have a nasty scar . mutt I know . indy move back and lean against a rock , everything hurt everywhere . he motion for marion to join he , she sit next to he . they look at each other and embrace . 130 . 10/17/07 it 's get dark . mutt ( cont have ) what , we be just gonna sit here ? indy night fall quick in the jungle , kid . you do not want to climb down the mountain in the dark . mutt no , I can . who 's come with I ? he head down the step . indy why do not you stick around , junior ? mutt stop , turn and look at indy . mutt I do not know , why do not you , dad ? Oxley turn and look at they , sweetly puzzle again . oxley '' dad ? '' ( look at indy , then turn and look at mutt ) dad ? indy push back he hat and look up . indy somewhere a old man be laugh . ( or - somewhere you grandpa be laugh ) CUT to : + % + ok + % al6l1 blé1 161 130a . 10/17/07 int campus build day Dean stanforth , the dean of indy 's college , hurry down a corridor in the college building . he 's dress in he Sunday best , seem terribly late for something . but he stop for a moment outside the door to a office . a painter be stand in front of a certain door , add to the stencill name on its frost glass panel . on the top line it say " professor henry jone JR . '' but on the line just below it , the painter be add two word : associate dean the painter be just finish the last n. stanforth hesitates , smile . the painter look over he shoulder , be I do something wrong ? stanforth marvelous , perfect . make the letter bigger , much bigger the painter return to he work as stanforth hurry down the hall again , ducking into he own office -- int . stanforth 's office -day -- where he run in and head for he desk . open the drawer and find a certain book and pull it out . it 's a tatter old Bible , the kind that 's be in a family for year . from the Bible in stanforth 's hand , we -- omitted 162 131 . 10/17/07 int chapel day -- cut the same Bible , now hold in the hand of a serious minister , stand at the front of a impressive church . indy , dress in a suit and bow tie , stand before he , and marion 's next to he , look radiant in a simple white suit . mutt 's just beside indy , in a sharp suit and tie . minister Henry Jones , Jr. and marion ravenwood , in so much as the two of you have agree to live together in Holy matrimony , have promise you love for each other by this vow , the join of you hand and the give of this ring , I now declare you to be husband and wife . whom God hath join together , let no one put asunder . stanforth sit in the first row , smile happily , he wife beside he . harold Oxley be next to they , wash and brush up and look fine . oxley ahh , '' how much of human life be lose in wait . '' up front , the serious Minister drone on . minister congratulation , you may kiss you bride . marion hand she flower to the Minister and impulsively hug and kiss indy . the small crowd clap and Oxley leap to he foot , cheer . the couple with mutt head down to meet the crowd . oxley well do , Henry ! at the sound of they share name , indy and mutt both turn . they grin and speak at the same time . indy mutt thanks , ox ! thanks , ox ! the serious Minister wrap it up . + % +e HH hhh HH + % 132 . 10/17/07 mutt move to one of the pews and grab he camera , get ready to take a photo . the front door of the church blow open . a breeze rush in . a familiar fedora blow right off its hook and roll down the center aisle , come to rest at the toe of a pair of scuff - up motorcycle boot . mutt pick up the hat , dust it off , and look at it . he hesitates for a moment , then raise it to he own head , maybe just to see if it fit , he 's get it halfway there but -- -- a hand reach in . indy snatch the hat away from mutt , give he a look , and put the batter old fedora back , the only place it belong , on he own head . Indiana Jones hold he arm out for marion , she take it , and they walk out through the open door that lead to anywhere . the crowd follow , leave mutt stand alone . he take he leather jacket and camera and head out . fade out . + % + ok