raider of the lost ark screenplay by lawrence kasdan Story by GEORGE luca revised third draft august 1979 this screenplay be the property of medway production , inc . and be intend solely for company personnel . distribution to any unauthorize person be prohibit . medway production , inc . p.o. BOX 8669 universal City , ca. 91608 ( 213 ) 760-3800 ---------------------------------------------------- fade in : 1 ext . peru - high jungle - day 1 the dense , lush rain forest of the eastern slope of the ande , the place know as " the eyebrow of the jun - gle " . ragged , jutting canyon wall be half - hide by the thick mist . the MAIN title be follow by this : peru 1936 a narrow trail across the green face of the canyon . a group of man make they way along it . at the head of the party be a american , indiana jone . he wear a short leather jacket , a flapped holster , and a brimm feel hat with a weird feather stick in the band . behind he come two Spanish peruvian , satipo and barranca . bring up the rear be five yagua indian . they act as porter and be wrangle the two heavily - pack llama . the Indians become increasingly nervous . they speak to each other in burst of quechua . the american , who be know to he friend as indy , glance back at they . barranca ( irritate ) they be talk about the curse again ! he turn and yell at the Indians in quechua , he anger give a indication of he own fear . the party reach a break in the canyon wall and take the trail through it . when they emerge , they destination be reveal to they in the distance . Beyond a thick stand of tree be the vegetation - enshroud temple of the chachapoyan warrior , 2000 year old . the entire party be strike by the sight . the Indians , terrify now , chatter away . suddenly the three at the back turn and run , drop they pack as they go . bar ranca yell at the flee Indians and pull he pistol out . he start to raise he arm to aim but indy restrain it in a muscular grip . indy no. barranca look evilly at indy 's hand upon he . indy be - lease he and smile in a friendly way . indy we do not need they . satipo watch this confrontation with some concern . barranca I do not carry supplies . indy we will leave they . once we have get it , we will be able to reach the plane by dusk . he turn back to the trail . satipo get the two remain Indians move behind indy . satipo and barranca then have a fast , silent communication : barranca indicate he de - sire to slit indy 's throat ; satipo give he a look that say " be patient , you idiot " . 2 the approach to the temple 2 the party fan out to fight they way through the en- twine tree that guard the temple . visibility be cut to five foot in the heavy mist . satipo extract a short , native dart from a tree and examine the point gingerly satipo ( show indy ) the hovitos be near . the poison be still fresh ... three day . they be follow we , I tell you . indy if they know we be here , they would have kill we already . the two Indiana jabber in quechua , near hysteria . bar - ranca be sweat profusely , eye darting . he yell at the Indians in quechua to " shut up " . in the undergrowth , there be slithering movement . indian # 1 draw aside a branch and be face with a hor - rific stone sculpture of a chachapoyan demon . the indian be so frighten no sound come out when he scream . he turn and run silently away . indian # 2 call to he friend . get no response , he step in that direction . a huge macaw , flushed from the undergrowth , scream and fly away . indian # 2 do ex - actly the same thing , never to be see again . indy , satipo and barranca , just clear the tree , look back in that direction . they all turn to face the Temple . it be dark and awesome . vegetation curl from every crevice , over each elaborate frieze . the entrance -- round , open and black -- have be design to look like open jaw . indy so this be where forrestal cashed in . satipo a friend of yours ? indy competitor . he be good , very good . barranca ( nervous ) no one have ever come out of there alive . why should we put we faith in you ? indy take the weird feather from the band of he hat . from around its point , he slip a tightly roll piece of parchment . barranca and satipo exchange a quick " so that 's where be be ! " look . they all kneel as indy spread out the parchment . on it be one - half of a crude floorplan of the Temple . indy no one ever have what we have ... partner . indy fix they with a expectant stare . satipo produce a similar , but fold , piece of parchment . he lay it -- the other half of the floorplan - - next to indy 's . they all regard it for a moment , then indy stand and walk toward the Temple . barranca 's eye be shine as they dart between the floorplan and satipo . indy ( back turn ) assume that pillar there mark the corner and ... barranca be suddenly on he foot , quietly draw he pis - tol . he raise it toward indy as satipo realize with alarm what he 's do . too late . indy 's head turn and he see barranca . indy 's next move be amazing , graceful and fast , yet totally unhurry . his right hand slide up under the back of he leather jacket and emerge grasp the handle of a neatly curl bullwhip . with the same fluid move that bring indy 's body around to face the peruvian , the whip uncoil to its full ten foot length and flash out . the fall of the whip ( the unplait strip at the end of the lash ) wrap itself around barranca 's hand and pistol . he could not drop the gun now if he try . indy give the whip a short pull and barranca 's arm in jerk down , where it involuntarily discharge the gun into the dirt . barranca be amaze , but feel some slack in the whip and immediately raise the gun toward indy again , cock it with he free hand . indy 's face go hard . and sad . indy sweep he arm in a wide arc . barranca spin around , enclose in the whip , he gun hand stick tight against he body . indy give one more short jerk on the whip handle and barranca 's gun fire . barranca fall dead . indy look quickly at satipo , who be shocked and fright - ened . he raise he arm in supplication . satipo I know nothing ! he be crazy ! please ! indy look he over , then nod . he frees the whip from barranca 's body and pick up the man . his eye sweep the surround wood . indy let 's go . 3 int . temple - inclined passage - day 3 indy and satipo , carry a torch , walk up the slightly inclined , tubular passage from the main entrance . the interior be wet and dark , hang with plant life and stalactite . they echoing footstep intermittently overpower the sound of loud drip , whistling air draft and scamper claw . 4 hall of shadow 4 indy lead the way down a twist hallway , satipo 's torch barely lighting he way from behind . indy dis - appear in a shadow and when he reappear a moment later a huge black tarantula be crawl up the back of he jacket . indy do not notice and disappear into another shadow , emerge with two more tarantulas on he back . satipo see they and make a frighten grunt sound . indy look at he , see what he 's point at and cas - ually brushes all three spider off with he roll whip , as he would a fly . satipo pirouettes for a in - spection and indy flick one off the peruvian 's back . indy begin pick up little pocket-size artifact from the nich and ledge of the Temple . he continue to do this as the man penetrate the Temple . his collect be quick and expert , evaluate the piece in a instant , discard some , stuff other into he clothes , and never stop he forward progress . 5 chamber of light 5 the man reach a arch in the hall . the small chamber ahead , which interrupt the hall , be brightly light by a shaft of sunlight from high above . indy stop , look it over . satipo what 's wrong ? be you lose ? indy pick up a stick and throw it through the shaft of light . giant spike spring together from the side of the chamber with a ferocious clang ! and impale on the spike be the remain of a white man , half - flesh , half skeleton , in explorer - type grab . indy reach out and take hold of the man 's carcass . as the spike slowly retract , indy pull it free and seat the remain gently on the floor . indy forrestal . satipo ( gulp ) we can go no further . indy now , satipo , we do not want to be discourage by every little thing . indy step sideways into the chamber . his back press against the very point of the retract spike , he move along the edge of the light beam , and step clear on the other side . satipo grimace and begin sweat he way through . 6 stairway 6 indy and satipo come down stone stair to a tight land - ing . framing the entry be a carefully strung network of dead vine , each somehow hook into the wall , narrowing the open even more . indy ( take torch ) let I see that . he lower the torch to the floor of the landing . the landing be carpete with human skeleton , one on top of another , all squash flat as cardboard . satipo gasp . indy look up at the ceiling of the landing , then step onto skeleton , which make a crack noise under he foot . indy try not to touch the vine . 7 foyer of the santuary 7 the man be in a high , straight hallway 50 foot long . the door at the end be flood with sunlight . satipo senor , I think we be very close . indy stand still look at the hall . satipo ( impatient ) let we hurry . there be nothing to fear here . indy that 's what scare I . they begin walk down the hall side by side . satipo have inched a little ahead . suddenly he lead foot come down and through the floor ! as satipo begin to pitch forward , indy grab he by the belt and pull he back . they both look down at the " floor " . indy swing he whip across the floor . Fifteen foot of it cut open beneath the lash , fall away to reveal black pit as wide as the hall . the illusory floor be make of dust - cover cobweb . satipo pick up a stone and drop it down the pit . no sound . the two man ex - change glance . indy look up at the high roof of the hall . he swing the whip up around a support beam , test its strength with a pull and swing over the pit on the whip . from the other side he swing the whip back to satipo , who throw indy the torch . satipo swing across . when they be both stand on solid floor there be a moment of quiet in which they hear , from far , far below -- splash ! indy wedge the whip handle into the wall and leave it strung to the beam for quick retreat . 8 the santuary 8 a large , dome room . ten evenly - space skylight send they shaft of sunlight down to a unique tile floor : white and black tile laid out in a lovely , intricate pattern . indy and satipo stand at the door and look across the wide room at the altar . there , in the supreme hallow spot , be a tiny jewele figurine , indy 's real objective . two torch , many year old , be in holder by the door . indy take one down and light it . he give the regular torch to satipo . satipo there 's plenty of light , amigo . indy kneel and use the unlit end of the torch to reach out and tap a white tile . it be solid . he tap a black tile . there be a whizzing sound and a tiny dark stick in the torch . satipo point to the wall nearby : there be a recess hole there . satipo from that hole ! indy nod , stand and look around the sanctuary . the entire room be honey - come with the same kind of hole . satipo see it too and be properly impressed . indy you wait here . satipo if you insist , senor . torch in hand , indy begin he careful walk across the sanctuary . stepping only on the white tile , he almost appear to be do a martial art kata . before each big move he wave the torch in front of he head to toe , look at the flame . halfway out , he see something on the floor and kneel to look at it . a dead bird lie on one of the white tile . its body be riddled with little deadly dart . this have great signi - ficance to indy and he stand with even great caution . he wave the torch ahead of he and at waist height a air current whip at the flame . indy duck under it and leave a burn mark on the white tile beneath it . satipo watch , wide - eye and mystify . indy reach the altar . the tiny idol look both fierce and beautiful . it rest on a pedestal of polished stone . indy look the whole set - up over very carefully . from he jacket he take a small , canvas drawstring bad . he begin fill it with dirt from around the case of the altar . when he have create a weight that he think ap - proximate the weight of the idol , he bounce it a couple time in he palm concentrate . it 's clear he want to replace the idol with the bag as smoothly as possible . his hand seem ready to do that once , when he stop , take a breath and loosen he shoulder muscle . now he set himself again . and make the switch ! the idol be now in he hand , the bag on the pedestal . for a long moment it sit there , then the polished stone beneath the bag drop five inch . this set off a aural chain reaction of steadily increase volume as some huge mysterious mechanism rumble into action deep in the temple . indy spin and start he kata back across the sanctuary at four time the speed . satipo 's eye widen in terror . he turn and run . 9 the retreat - intercutting indy and satipo 9 the sanctuary have begin to rumble and shake in response to the mysterious mechanism . just as indy go out the door , a rock shake loose from the wall and roll onto the tile floor . immediately , a noisy torrent of poison dart fille the room . in the foyer , satipo swing across the pit . he make it just as the whip come undone from the beam , leave indy without a escape . satipo , extremely nervous , regards the whip a moment then turn back to face indy , who have run up to the far side of the pit . satipo no time to argue . throw I the idol , I throw you the whip . indy hesitates , eyeing the rumbling wall . satipo you have no choice ! hurry ! indy concur with that assessment . he toss the idol across the pit to satipo . satipo stuff it in the front pocket of he jacket , give indy a look , then drop the whip on the floor and run . satipo adios , amigo ! indy grimace . he have a feel this might happen . he look around . at the vine landing , satipo fly through like a chubby ballet dancer and take the step five at a time . in the foyer , indy run in full stride to the edge of the pit and broad jump into space . he do not make it . his body hit the far side of the pit and he begin to slide out of view . only wild claw with he finger at the edge of the pit stop he descent . with just the tip of he finger over the edge , he begin pull himself up . at the chamber of light , satipo have slowed down . he begin to edge carefully around the light shaft . at the vine landing , indy sail through sideways and roll to a stop at the bottom of the step . his whip be grasp in he hand . as he raise himself , he hear , from above the giant spike of the chamber of Light clang ! and a abrupt , sicken rendition of satipo' last scream . indy run up the step . the rumbling sound grow louder . at the chamber of light , indy slide to a stop . the spike have retract , take satipo 's body to one side . indy edge into the chamber with he back to the shaft of light . soon he be face to face with the dead satipo ; spike protrude from several vital spot in the peruvian 's body . indy remove the idol from satipo 's pocket and move quickly out the other side . indy adios . 10 the inclined passage 10 indy shoot out of a cut - off hallway and turn toward the exit . the rumbling be very loud and now we see why : right behind indy a huge boulder come roaring around a corner of the passage , perfectly form - fitte to the passage - way . it obliterate everything before it , send the sta - lactite shoot ahead like missle . indy dash for the light of the exit . his hat fly off he head . almost immediately it be crush by the boulder . indy dive out the end of the passage as the boulder slam to a perfect fit at the entrance , sealing the Temple . 11 ext . front of the temple - day 11 indy lie on the ground , gasp for air . a shadow fall across he and he look up . what he sees . loom above he be three figure . two be hovito warrior in full battle paint and loin cloth . they carry long blow gun . but the man in the center draw indy 's attention . he be a tall , impressive white man , dress in full safari outfit include pith helmet . his name be emile belloq . his face be thin , powerful ; he eye hypnotic ; he smile charming , yet lethal . his heavily french - accented speech be deep , mellifluous , wonderful . back beyond belloq and he two escort , thirty more hovitos Warrior hover at the edge of the tree . belloq Dr. Jones , you choose the wrong friend . this time it will cost you . belloq extend he hand . indy look at it , then pro - duce the idol and hand it to belloq . belloq extend he other hand , smile . indy hand over he gun . belloq stick it in he jacket . belloq and you think I would give up . indy ( eyeing the hovitos ) too bad they do not know you like I do , belloq . belloq ( smile ) yes , too bad . you could warn they ... if only you speak hovitos . with that , belloq turn dramatically and hold the idol high for all the hovitos to see and say something in hovitos . there be a murmur of recognition and all the Indians , include belloq 's escort , prostrate themselves upon the ground , head down . indy be immediately up and run toward the edge of the clear . belloq ( in hovitos ) kill he ! at the edge of the clearing , indy disappear into the foliage . a instant later , the leave be pepper with a rain of poison dart and spear . 12 ext . the jungle - indy be run - various shot - day 12 indy run like hell through steadily fall terrain . and always close behind , a swift gang of angry hovitos . occasionally they get close enough to send a dart or spear whizzing past indy 's head . 13 ext . the urubamba river - dusk 13 a amphibian plane sit in the water beneath a green cliff . sitting on the wing be jock , the british pilot . indy break out of some distant brush and run along the path at the top of the cliff . indy ( yell ) get it go ! get it go ! jock hop in and fire up the plane 's engine . indy reach a spot on the cliff above the place , glance back , they jump into the river . he come up , swim to the plane and grab a strut . indy go ! jock start the plane move across the water as indy walk across the wing and fall into the passenger com - partment . 14 omit omit 14 15 omit omit 15 16 int . jock' plane - dusk 16 indy relax and lie across the seat , a big smile on he face . one hand drop to the floor of the cabin and indy jump , hit he head . on the floor of the cabin be a huge boa constrictor . indy try to get he whole body onto the seat . jock see what 's happen . jock do not mind he . that 's Reggie . would not hurt a soul . indy I can not stand snake . jock the world 's full of they , you know . indy I hate they . jock come on now , Sport , show a little of the old backbone . 17 ext . jock' plane - twilight 17 it soar off over the dark jungle . 18 int . indy'' office , SMALL eastern college - day 18 it 's authum and the pretty , New England campus out indy 's window reflect it in dazzle color . a few week be - fore the start of class . activity just pick up . some student about . indy be at a bookcase near the window and he look quite different in this set . his outfit be tweedy , slightly rumple in the professional style . part of he attention be focus in a book and he wear glass to see the fine print . the office be cramped , absolutely innundate with book , map , etching and archeological artifact . in fact , the only neat spot in the room right now be indy 's desk , which have be clear off expressly for the benefit of -- marcus brody , the curator of the National Museum in wash - ington , D.C. brody be examine the small artifact indy pockete on he way into the peruvian Temple . he occasion - ally use a jeweller 's eyepiece to get a closer look . but he be distract , he concern elsewhere , and it be this that he old friend indy sense from across the room . brody do you think the idol will ever show up ? indy I do not know . just because belloq have it do not mean he keep it . indy snap the book close and put it on the shelf . he take he glass off and focus on brody . at the window door to he office , two pretty coed pause for a moment , look in at they sexy archeology professor , giggle and disappear . indy get it away from that Indians would be a neat trick ( a hard look ) I hope they get he . a young male graduate student , indy 's teaching assistant , tap on the door and then push he way in with a arm - load of reference book . indy help he find a spot for they . teaching assistant I could not get the mcnabe , Professor . someone 's get it check out ' till next month when class start . indy that 's all right , phil . thanks a lot . teaching assistant ( eager to please ) will there be anything else ? indy no. I will see you Thursday . the Teaching Assistant leave . brody be scowling as he examine the last of the artifact . indy hey , if you do not like they , I can always return they . brody no , they be beautiful . the Museum will but they as usual . no que - tion ask . indy then what 's wrong ? brody I bring along some people today . indy what kind of people ? brody government . indy ( concerned ) government ? brody do not worry , it 's not about you business . ( indicate the artifact ) they be from the Army . indy I have already serve . brody Army Intelligence . they be look for abner . 19 int . indy'' lecture hall / classroom - day 19 indy 's course - - a combination of archeology and anthro - pology -- be teach in this amphitheater - type lecture hall . his desk and lectern hold large reference book ; black - board line the wall . Bones , map , chart festoon the wall . indy lean against he desk talk with brody and two uniform Army officer , colonel musgrove and major eaton , who be situate around the first seat in the classroom . musgrove -- but you do study under Professor ravenwood at the University of Chicago ? indy ( nod ) we have not speak in ten year . I be afraid we have a bit of a fall - ing out . eaton you know nothing of he whereabouts ? indy ( negative ) just rumor . somewhere in Asia , last I hear . musgrove and eaton exchange a look ; they be disappointed . eaton ( to musgrove ) maybe Dr. Jones can make sense of it . again the military man have a silent communication , de - ciding what to reveal . musgrove well ... you must understand , Dr. Jones , this be all strickly confidential . indy I understand . musgrove yesterday , one of we european sec- tion intercept a Nazi communique from Cairo to Berlin . we do not quite know what to make of it . musgrove take a sheet from he briefcase . musgrove here it be -- " tanis development pro - ceed . acquire headpiece , staff of ra , General tengtu hok , shanghai . locate abner ravenwood , U.S . " brody be excited . he look at indy . brody tanis . they must have discover the lose ruin . indy contemplate this big news ; he 's impressed . indy ( to himself ) tanis . ai not that something ' ! eaton frankly , we be a little suspicious ... a american be mention so prom - inently in a secret Nazi cable . indy ah , ravenwood 's no Nazi . eaton then what do they want he for ? indy they be look for the headpiece to the staff of ra. musgrove ( indicate he sheet ) but it say here that 's in China . indy only half of it . ravenwood have the other half . eaton what would the Nazis want with this -- this staff of ra ? brody I can tell you that . over the last two year the Nazis have have team of archeologist run around the world look for all kind of be - ligious artifact . musgrove that 's right . Hitler 's a nut on the subject . crazy . he 's obsessed with the occult . eaton what be this staff of ra , anyway ? indy it all have to do with the ark of the covenant . ( the Army guy look mystify ) the chest the Hebrew use to carry around the ten commandment . now it 's the Army man who be impressed . indy a egyptian pharoah steal the ark from Jerusalem and take it back to the city of tanis . a short time later , tanis be consume by the desert in a sandstorm that last a year . but before that , the phar - oah have have the ark hide away in a secret chamber call the well of the soul . which be where the staff of ra come in . indy move to the blackboard and make a quick sketch to give a rough idea of the system as he describe it . ( and we get a glimpse of what a interesting and enthu - siastic teacher he must be ) indy now this be rather clever . the staff be really just a big stick - - oh , I do not know , say like this -- ( he indicate about six foot ) -- no one really know for sure . any - way , it be cap by a elaborate headpiece with a carve of the sun at the top . what you have to do be take the staff to a special map room in tanis -- it have the whole city laid out in miniature on the floor . when you place the staff in a certain spot in this room , at a certain time of day , the sun would shine through a hole here in the headpiece and then send a beam of light down here - - to the map-- give you the location of the well of the soul ... musgrove ... where the ark of the covenant be keep . indy ( nod ) which be probably what the Nazis be after . eaton what 's this ark look like ? indy look like ? why , it 's right here ... indy pull a big format book from the stack on he lectern and flip through the page until he find a large color print . the other man gather to look . the print fill the screen . it show a biblical battle . the israelite Army be van - quishing a opposition force . at the forefront of the israelite rank , two man carry the ark of the covenant , a beautiful gold chest , crown by two sculpture gold angel . the man do not touch the ark itself ; rather they carry it by use of two long wooden pole which pass through ring in the corner of the ark . the painting be very dramatic , full of smoke , tumult and sinewy die man . but the most astounding thing in the picture be the brilliant jet of white light and flame issue from the wing of the angel . it pierce deep into the rank of the retreate enemy , wreak devastation and terror . eaton good God ! indy yes . that 's what the Hebrew think . musgrove what 's that suppose to be come out of there ? indy who know ... lightning ...fire ... the power of god. eaton I be beginning to understand Hitler 's interest in this thing . indy oh yes . the Bible tell of it level - ing mountain and waste entire be - gion . mose promise that when the ark be with you , " you enemy will be scattered and you foe fall be - fore you " . ( pause ) a army which carry the ark before it be invincible . eaton and musgrove exchange worried look . indy oh , there 's one other thing that Hitler undoubtably believe about the ark ... ( a long pregnant pause ) it 's say that the lose ark will be recover at the time of the come of the true messiah . musgrove Dr. Jones , you have be very helpful . I hope we can call on you again if we have question . indy most certainly . brody and indy exchange a look as they all shake and brody start to leave with the Army man . 20 ext . front door , indy'' house - night 20 indy 's English tudor , upper middle class hoem . quite toney ; well beyond the financial reach of a honest college professor . Marcus brody have already rung the bell . indy open the door . he be dress in a tuxedo . brody I have get to talk to you . indy this be not really a good time . brody indy , it 's important . indy all right . come on in . 21 int . foyer , indy'' house 21 the lush tone continue here in Art Deco and shiny marble . indy motion brody toward the study to one side . indy I will be in in a minute . as brody pass the entrance to the expansive live room , he spot a beautiful , silk - gown harlow - type loung on the sofa in front of a roaring fire . she be sip cham - pagne . 22 int . study , indy'' house 22 brody enter the book -line , dark - wood study . he pace for a moment before the fire which be die in the fire - place , then spot something and go over to indy 's big desk . the surface be cover with open book , monograph , map and drawing -- all about the ark of the covenant . brody smile ; he know he friend very well . indy come in , close the door behind he . brody turn to he with a triumphant expression . brody they want you to go for it . and they will pay . indy ( smile ) good work , Marcus . I have a feel this would happen . and , of course , the Museum get the ark when we be do . brody ( smile ) of course . indy 's manner be vigorous , agressive . indy okay , here 's the way it 's gonna be . first , I will high - tail it to shanghai and get the piece from General hok . then I think I know where I can find ravenwood . if only I can get -- brody General hok 's a tough customer . they do not call he the Wild boar for nothing . and he 's tie in with the japanese . indy I will worry about that when the time come . my only hope be to find the well of the soul before the Nazis do . wipe to : 23 ext . in the AIR - day / night 23 a Pan be clipper fly west over the Pacific . wipe to : 24 int . kehoe' car ( shanghai airport ) - day 24 indy be barely into the front seat of a dilapidate Ford as the driver , buzz kehoe , be peel out into traffic . in the back seat be a chinese name bang chow . kehoe zig crazily through traffic with only he leave hand as he reach over to shake with indy . kehoe buzz kehoe , Army Intelligence . you have meet bang Chow . indy what 's the hurry ? kehoe some german agent get here two hour ago . luckily , bang be able to have they detain at custom . we will have to hurry . 25 omit omit 25 26 omit omit 26 27 omit omit 27 28 omit omit 28 29 ext . hok' STREET - day 29 kehoe 's car emerge from a alley . down the block be tengtu hok 's modest , wall palace . kehoe 's car slow a bit and bang step from the move car with a small black suitcase in he hand . while he head down the street toward hok 's place , kehoe 's car continue across the street and into a alley on the other side . 30 ext . hok' STREET - in front of palace - day 30 a mercede limousine appear round a corner and squeal to a stop at the front gate of the palace , which be manned by a sturdy chinese gateman . there be three Germans in - side , one the driver . 31 ext . alley behind hok' museum - day 31 kehoe , alone now , push a trash container casually into position to hide a newly create hole in the rear wall of hok 's Museum where several stone block have be remove . he look around and amble back to the car . 32 int . hok' palace - entry hall 32 the three Germans wait impatiently in a magnificent foyer . a chime sound and huge double door open to reveal tengtu hok , flanke by two uniform japanese Soldiers and a rove chinese advisor . he wear a fantastic gold orna - mental robe . despite the majesty , however , nothing can disguise the fact that hok be basically a wild , fat bar - barian ; a animal . hok and he escort group bow in what be the beginning of a long welcoming ceremony . the Germans exchange impatient glance but decide they should play it as it come . they bow . 33 int . hok' museum 33 no person in sight . instead , we see a magnificent dis - play of ancient artifact . Glass case hold the velvet - couch piece at random spot on the shine marble floor . we hear a odd sound . near the floor on the rear wall of the museum , a steel ventilation grate move . a hand slide it gently across the marble . indy stick he head out and look around . 34 int . hok' palace - tea room 34 the three Germans be be serve tea and exotic deli - cacy . a pleased tengtu hok watch from a throne -cushion . when the tray of tiny delicacy be present to he , he take a massive handful , crush they together on they way to he smile mouth . 35 int . hok' museum 35 a huge golden go , seven foot in diameter , be suspend from the ceiling by a hook . a enormous hammer hang poise above it , from which emanate myraid tiny thread which run up and across the ceiling , then down to the various display case . indy look up at the go , then continue he quick , quiet foray among the case . be - yond he , a high window . 36 int . hok' palace - tea room 36 hok and he visitor stand to go . the german 's pleased expression make it clear they be finally on they way to the museum . 37 int . hok' museum 37 indy arrive at he destination . the lovely , carve gold section of the headpiece be nested on purple velvet in a glass case . at the bottom of the piece be a round hollow where the staff would fit . there be a grunt sound be - hind indy and he spin , already reach for he revolver . a fierce japanese samurai be run at indy full speed down a aisle of display case . his sword be raise over he shoulder ready to cut indy in half . he 's six foot a - way when indy 's gun level and fire twice , blast he backwards . indy be still look over he gun when an- other samurai sword come down from the side and knock the pistol brutally out of indy 's grip ; he hand avoid amputation by a quarter of a inch . a amaze indy back away from the crossing aisle as the second samurai step in to face he , sword raise . indy back away into a open space and he bullwhip appear in he hand . he give it one savage crack ! to announce its arrival and the samurai slow down , eyeing it curiously . the samurai do not look unhappy about this confrontation . how pure it be -- the sword versus the whip . 38 ext . hok' palace - second floor walkway - day 38 tengtu hok and the Germans have obviously hear something . they be hurry along the walkway at the side of the building , hok in the lead . up ahead be the foot bridge which cross from the palace to the museum entrance over a moat . 39 ext . STREET in front of the palace - day 39 the Lovely mercede limousine blow up . 40 ext . hok' palace - second floor walkway - day 40 the Germans spin toward the blast . drawing weapon , they run back to investigate . hok follow they , confuse . 41 int . hok' museum 41 indy and the samurai face each other . they be both breath - ing hard from previous , no -contact pass at each other . now indy begin swinging the whip over he head again . it whizze out toward the samurai 's face . the samurai take two lightning - quick cut at the leather , but miss . indy swing for the samurai 's foot ; the japanese jump nimbly , slashing at the whip . indy do it again . the samurai hop it . once more . the samurai be concentrate on hop - ping it . indy see it . the split second he want . the whip flash up from the floor and wrap solidly and irrevocably around the samurai 's neck . indy give it a murderous pull and the samurai be dead on he foot . 42 ext . hok' palace - second floor walkway - day 42 hok and the three Germans be look d-wn at the flame remain of the mercede . a look of concern cross hok 's face . he turn and run back toward he beloved museum . 43 int . hok' museum 43 indy be at the case contain the headpiece . he smashes the glass with a samurai sword , reach in and grab the piece . immediately , behind he , the huge hammer fall and the sound of the go thunder through the museum . 44 ext . hok' palace - second floor walkway - day 44 at the sound of the go , the run hok skid to a halt with a craze expression on he face . he disappear for two second in a alcove and emerge hold a big , black Thompson submachine gun . he run across the foot bridge and be just barely over it when it blow up . hok , safe , look behind he in amazement and then turn to the museum . 45 int . hok' museum 45 the double door at the entrance slam open to reveal hok . indy be halfway along a unprotect wall back to he ven - tilation entry route . hok open up on he , cut off he retreat . indy jump behind a marble column , which be promptly blast with machine gun fire . indy look above he , see the giant disk of the go . reaching up , push with tremendous effort , he maneuver it off the hook . it bounce down to the floor on its side , chipping the marble with its monstrous weight . indy stead - ies it and then put he whole body into roll it across the room toward the window . as it start to roll , indy slip behind it and run across the room with it . hok can see the roll go . he open up on it . the vicious cacophony of machine gun fire be join by the musical report of bullet hit the go and ri- cochete away . very , very noisy . behind the go , indy gauge he move . as the go be about to be stop by a marble bench , indy talk a long stride onto the bench and dive through the glass of the high window . hok 's bullet hit the wall . 46 ext . roof - day 46 indy land in a shower of glass on the jutting roof of the museum 's first floor . he roll to a crouch and be immediately be fire upon . the Germans , cut off from the museum , be stand on the palace walkway fire at he . indy take off fast for the rear of the museum . 47 ext . alley behind museum - day 47 kehoe , craning to locate indy , have the Ford roll slowly along the back of the museum . bang scout from the back seat . indy appear on the roof at a run , gauge the move - ment of the car and jump from the roof of the museum to the roof of the sedan . unfortunately , the roof of the old car can not take it and indy 's leg knife right on through to the interior , where he scare the hell out of kehoe . 48 int . kehoe' car - day 48 indy squirm he way down into the front seat . kehoe Jesus ! be you all right ! indy ( he 's feel better ) great . get it . kehoe gun it , throw indy back against the cushion . kehoe what now ? indy I have get to get to Nepal . 49 omit omit 49 wipe to : 50 ext . DC -3 in the AIR - dusk 50 the plane fly west into the sunset . 51 int . DC - 3 - night 51 under a meager seat light , indy be pour over a jour - nal article by abner ravenwood and related map of Nepal . a few row back , across the aisle , a trenchcoate Euro - pean spy eye indy . wipe to : 52 . int . " the raven " SALOON - patan , nepal - night 52 a huge stuff raven , wing spread wide , be mount be - hind the long bar in the noisy , crowded saloon . a lively mix of patron be represent in the late hour tableau : nepalese native , fierce sherpa mountain guide , sleazy international smuggler and fugitive , and , of course , mountain climber from every corner of the earth . a tall nepalese , mahdlo , be the bartender . in a corner near the fireplace trouble break out suddenly between the group at two neighbor table . ferocious representative from each table -- one a wild - look sherpa , the other a muscular Australian climber -- jump up to face each other . as the two contender stand poise for action , they respective supporter shift in they place , fondle lethal ice axe and club . sherpa gmoiska ! shurga rintoik ! climber aye ! that will be you last word . the bar have quiete ominously and so we hear with startling clarity when - - a door behind the bar slam open with a huge bang ! and some presence , too small to be see as it move through the forest of tower patron , make a beeline for the troubled corner of the bar . a path clear for it . the sherpa and the climber be about to kill each other when the presence arrive directly between they : she be marion ravenwood , twenty - five year old , beautiful , if a bit hard - look . at this moment , however , that look do not hurt . she be not intimidate by the combatant ; she jab accusatory finger into they chest . she be angry as hell . the patron shrink under she gaze . marion that do it ! I have be patient with you no - goods long enough . I be not open at 2 o'clock for myself , you know . it 's all for you . and how do you repay I : trouble and noise and blood on my floor ! I will not have it . everybody out ! out ! out ! we be close . close ! do you kill outside ! and do not leave any body on the porch ! the place clear quickly . straggler and grumbler be give special attention by marion and mahdlo , who have come from behind the bar carry a big axe handle . mahdlo herd the crow out the front door as marion turn and walk behind the bar . a scowl on she lovely face , she have just begin clear the bar of glass when she notice one remain patron huddle over a glass at the far end of the bar . grimace in exasperation , she head that way like a locomotive . marion hey you , deaf one ! I say out of my place . I do not mean next Easter , I mean now -- she be almost on he when indy look up smile . marion stop , stare , shocked . indy hello , marion . she hit he with a solid right to the jaw , knock he off the barstool on the floor . he rub he jaw and smile up at she . indy Nice to see you , too . marion get up and get out . indy ( get up ) take it easy . I be look for you father . marion ( bitterly ) well you be two year too late . indy 's attitude change instantly . this be sad news . he be silent for a long time . mahdlo come in the front door and hurry forward when he see indy with marion . he look to she for guidance , but she stay he with a gesture . marion go home , mahdlo . I will see you to - morrow . mahdlo be hesitant , but lay the axe handle on the bar and go out . indy have be barely aware of he . now he set - tle again on the barstool . marion have a vindictive look . she will let he stay , but she want to inflict as much pain as possible . indy what happen ? marion avalanche . up there . he be dig - ging . what else ? he spend he whole life digging . dragging I all over this rotten earth . for what ? indy do you find he ? marion Hell no . he 's bury where he be work . probably preserve real good , too . in the snow . suddenly the hardness crack . she be on the verge of tear and do not want he to see they . she turn away and take a whiskey bottle from the shelf , then turn back to pout herself a drink . indy not a bad way to go . do what he love . marion ( vitriolic ) do not give I taht stuff ! what do you know ? ( she take a drink ) I be the one that be leave in a bad way . he do not have a penny . guess how I live , mister Jones . I work here . and I be not the bartender . ( another swallow ) finally the guy that own the joint go crazy . snow crazy . they take he away scream . as they drag he out , he say the place be all mine for life . she look around the saloon . marion can you imagine a more evil curse ? ( pause ) so far , it 's work . indy why not leave ? go back to the States . marion I will go back . I will get there . not that there 's a soul there who know my name of care . but I will go . and when I do , they will know I . ' Cause I be go to go back in style . with money . a soddamn lady ! indy where you gonna get it ? marion if I know that , you think I would still be run this dive ? indy look at she , think . under he gaze , she blushes , for reason only she understand . she look into she glass and , for a moment , she soften . marion I will tell you something indy . I have learn to hate you in the last ten year . but somehow , no matter how much I hate you , I always know that someday you would come through that door . I never doubted that . something make be inevitable . ( hopefully ) why be you here ...now ... tonight ? indy take a long time to answer . indy I need one of the piece you father collect . marion 's eye go icy . she swing at he again with she right , but this time he catch she at the wrist . then he stop she leave , which she have bring up to slap he . marion you son-of - a-bitch ! you know what you do to I , to my life ? this be you handiwork . indy I never mean to hurt you . marion I be a child ! indy you know what you be do . marion I be in love . indy I guess that depend on you definition . marion it be wrong . you know it . indy release she arm . indy look , I do what I do . I do not expect you to be happy about it . but maybe we can do each other some good . marion why start now ? indy shut up and listen for a second . I want that piece you father have . I have get money . this stop she . marion how much ? indy enough to get you back to the States . where be he thing ? marion go . I sell it all . it be all junk . the junk he waste he life on . indy everything ? marion nod . indy ( give up ) that 's too bad . indy feel tired , defeat . marion be pleased . marion you look disappointed . I like that . how 's it feel ? indy have to smile at she glee . marion ( nod at he empty glass ) what be you drink ? indy seltzer . marion ( refilling he glass ) Real man 's drink . I , I like scotch . and I like bourbon . and vodka and gin . I be not much for brandy . I be off that . she pour herself another as indy watch , amused . indy you be a tough broad now , be not you ? marion it 's no act , pal . this be not sche - nectady . indy I can only say I be sorry so many time . marion look at he thoughtfully , take a drink . marion you really have money ? you do not look rich . ( indy nod ) I may be able to locate some of he thing . I know who 's get they . what do you want ? indy a bronze piece , about this size . in the shape of the sun . probably break off at the bottom . have a little hole in it , off-center . do that sound familiar ? marion think , nod slowly . indy do you know where it be ? marion maybe . how much ? indy Three thousand . american . marion ( negative ) that will get I back , but not in style . this doodad must be pretty importnat . indy maybe . a huge smile light up marion 's face . marion I know it would happen eventually . I know it . something have to go my way . ( pour herself another drink ) I have get to think this out . I be use to bargain with yak . indy okay , five thousand . that 's all I can give you now . I can get you more when you land in the States . marion you word , huh ? ( indy nod ) just like you say you would be back last time ? that be you word too . indy I be back , be not I ? marion sneer and they smile together . indy you can trust I . marion come back tomorrow . indy why ? marion because I say so , that 's why . it 's about time I call the shot in this relationship . indy nod , get up to go . marion wait a minute . leave the five thou - sand here . ( indy hesitates ) you want trust , give some . I want to smell you money . indy think about this a moment , then reach inside he shirt and pull cash from a money belt . he lay five grand on the bar . indy I trust you . marion you be a idiot . indy I have hear that . indy start for the door . marion take another think . she be get high . marion hold it . come here . indy ( move back ) bossy , be not you ? marion that 's right . give I a kiss . indy look into she eye , then lean over the bar and kiss she deeply . when the kiss end , they face be very close . marion be flushed . she like it and would like more . she raise she glass between they to disci - pline herself . marion get out of my place . indy smile and walk to the front door . then , without look back -- indy tomorrow . he 's go . marion stare after he , think . she take a drink . then slowly , she hand come up to loose the scarf that be drape around she throat . it fall away , revealing she graceful neck above the dip top of she blouse . hanging there on a gold chain against she white skin be a sun-shape golden medallion . the bottom look break off . marion lift the medallion so she can see it in she hand , then look thoughtfully after indy . 53 ext . street outside " the raven " - night 53 indy sit think at the wheel of a old car . finally , he put the car in gear and drive away . across the street , the shadow in a doorway come to life . a dark form step out to look at indy 's depart car ; it be the european spy from the DC - 3 . he hurry off in the opposite direction . dissolve to : 54 int . " the raven " - night 54 marion stand before the fire that be shrink in the fireplace . she jab at it abstractedly with a poker , think . suddenly tear well up in she eye . she let the poker slip from she hand , wipe away the tear . she walk across the room to the end of the bar , still clut - tere with bottle and glass , and stop at the pile of american money indy have leave . she take the chain from around she neck and let the medallion slide off it into she hand . she place it on the bar next to the pile of money , think . then , have reach some decision , she pick up the pile of bill , walk up the back of the bar and pull a small wooden box from under the bar . she flip open the top , put the cash inside and close the top . she leave the box on the bar and start back toward the medallion . the front door of the saloon burst open and four bad Men come in . marion , halfway between the valuable possession and not wishing to draw attention to either , stop where she be . the four bad Men who advance on she be : 1 . ) the obvious leader , a short , vile , sadistic german in spectacle by the name of belzig . 2 . ) a trenchcoate second nazi . 3 . ) a ratty - look nepalese and 4 . ) a mean mongolian . the second nazi and the mongolian both carry submachine gun . belzig good evening , fraulein . marion the bar 's close . belzig we be not thirsty . the mongolian and the nepalese poke around , check to make sure there 's no one else there . down at the end of the bar , the medallion lie partially hide by surround glass and bottle . the second Nazi stop very near it , but turn he back to it to face belzig and marion . marion what do you want ? belzig the name thing you friend Dr. Jones want . surely he tell you there would be other interested party . marion shake she head . belzig ah , the man be nefarious . I hope for you sake he have not yet acquire it . marion why , be you willing to offer more ? belzig almost certainly . do you still have it ? marion no . but I know where it be . belzig 's smile fade at this news . he 's not a patient sort . marion be chill by the look . she turn and move to the shelf of bottle behind she , reach high for one , very near the large stuff raven . he hand linger there a moment and we see -- from a angle behind the stuff raven , that the leave wing spread hide a baretta automatic pistol . marion 's hand be very near it , but withdraw with only a whiskey bottle as the mongolian walk toward she behind the bar . marion open the bottle before belzig , who watch she intently . marion how ' bout a drink for you and you man ? the second Nazi light up at this suggestion . belzig give he a wither look . belzig we will stick to the business at hand , fraulein . marion ( tough ) Fine . why do not you come back to - morrow when Jones be here and we will have a auction ? belzig give she a cold look then turn and walk over to - ward the firplace . as soon as he back be turn , the second Nazi grab the nearest whiskey bottle and take a quick pull . in so do , he leave the medallion completely expose . marion be aware of this as she look at he . but he quickly put the bottle down again , obscure the medal - lion , when belzig speak from the fireplace . belzig I be afraid a auction be not possible . ( pause ) you fire be die here , fraulein . ( a beat , then threaten ) why do not you tell we where the piece be right now ? marion listen , herr Mac , I do not know who you be use to deal with , but no one tell I what to do in my place . belzig , still look in the fire , sneer and shake he head . belzig Americans ! you be all alike . frau - lein ravenwood . I will show you want I be use to . he motion with he hand . the mongolian move up behind marion and lift she roughly over the top of the bar , knock over bottle and spilling liquor . he deposit she on the other side , where the nepalese and the second Nazi flank she and hold she cruelly , arm behind she back . marion raise a ruckus . belzig turn from the fireplace . in he hand be the poker , its end glow orange . he advance on marion . marion stop yell , she eye widen in terror . marion wait ! I can be reasonable -- belzig that time be pass . the glow poker point move inexorably across the room toward marion 's face . marion you do not need that . I will tell you everything ! belzig yes , I know you will . belzig have no intention of stop now . the glow tip be approach marion 's face . the nepalese watch with savage glee . the tip of the poker be five inch from marion 's nose when there be a loud crack ! and the fall of indy 's bull - whip wrap around the middle of the poker and tear it out of belzig 's hand . the poker sail high across the room , free of the whip , and land in the heavy curtain that cover one window . the curtain immediately burst into flame . the four bad Men look in surprise toward the front en - trance . indy be poise there , the whip in he right hand , a .45 automatic raise toward they in he leave . indy hello . now everything begin to happen very fast -- the mongolian have just come around the bar at the end opposite the medallion . he dive back to crouch behind the end of the bar , raise he submachine gun . belzig and the second german dive behind table near the bar . the nepalese be slower to leave marion , he draw a luger . indy 's .45 bark and the nepalese die spin against the bar . indy fire in the direction of the mongolian . marion swing up over the top of she bar . belzig fire at she , but he bullet smash bottle behind the bar and thud into the raven . marion flatten out on the floor behind the bar as bullet hit above she . she reach up , snatch the axe handle from where mahdlo leave it , and begin crawl down the length of the bar toward -- the mongolian , who stick he submachine gun out and fire blindly in indy 's direction . indy be in a crouch behind a table , try to get a shot at someone . he do not notice in the din and confusion when the door burst open . a incredible , fearsome giant sherpa , almost seven foot tall , soar in and tackle indy from behind . the whip fly from indy 's hand as he and the giant sherpa roll across the floor , upsetting furniture . the mongolian , see this , stand up confidently . marion rise behind he and bashes he over the head with the axe handle . he go down and out . Fire have completely engulf the curtain and be work across the ceiling on decorative yak skin bunt . a burn - ing fragment drop to the top of the bar , which immediately light up , fuel by the spill alcohol . full whiskey bottle explode like molotov cocktail . Rolling on the floor , indy and the giant sherpa be fight - ing for control of indy 's .45 . belzig see this and shout to the second Nazi , who be rise from cover with submachine gun in hand . belzig shoot they both ! second nazi he 's we man ! belzig do as I say ! both the giant sherpa and indy hear this . the giant sherpa exchange a alarmed look with indy and together they swing the .45 around toward the surprised second Nazi . two blast blow he away . that do , indy bring a brass spittoon down on the giant sherpa 's wrist and the .45 slide away . indy jump up and kick the giant sherpa , who barely seem to feel it . he grab indy and flip he effortlessly onto a table . belzig now have a clear shot at indy . he raise he luger . marion , at the end of the bar , finally get the hand of the mongolian 's submachine gun . it roar to life in the general direction of the ceiling . belzig run for cover as marion get control of the gun and level it . belzig dive around the end of the bar opposite marion . when he have set himself , he peek up over the edge of the scorched bar . the alcohol fire have move down the bar and now , much to belzig 's surprise , he find himself stare at the fire- blacken sun-shape medallion ! his eye widen . he can not believe he good fortune . with - out hesitation he pick up the metal medallion , palming it . immediately there be a sicken searing sound and belzig 's expression change from joy to agony . he scream in pain and try to shake the red-hot medallion from he skin . marion open up and the bar start to splinter in front of belzig . the medallion come free of belzig 's hand and roll across the floor . belzig have have enough . in excruciate pain , he turn , see a window , run and dive through the glass . a exhaust indy use he whole body to upend the giant sherpa , who land hard on he back . they be surround by flame . 55 ext . " the raven " - snow bank - night 55 belzig have he burn hand stick deep in the snow . now he withdraw it , steaming , and scurries off into the night like a wounded animal . 56 int . " the raven " - night 56 marion throw down the empty submachine gun and move through the flame to the center of the bar where she leave the box with the five grand . she find the remain of the box and its content : a shapeless pile of ash and char wood . marion unbelievable ! at the end of the bar , the mongolian have come back to life . he shake out he head , then reach inside he coat and pull out a mauser pistol . indy smashes a chair over the head of the giant sherpa and the huge creature go down . the mongolian point he mauser through the smoke and flame at indy . suddenly , the mongolian be shot dead . marion stand beneath she stuff raven with the baretta . indy move quickly through the flame , he eye scan the floor . he pick up he bullwhip and he crumpled feel hat . he peer through the smoke till he spot marion mov - ing among the burn furniture . indy let 's get out of here ! marion not without that piece you want ! indy it 's here ? marion nod , kick aside a burn chair . another burn beam fall from the roof . indy pull marion close to he protectively . indy forget it ! I want you out of here . now ! he begin drag she out . marion ( point ) there ! she break away from he , dart back and pick the hot medallion up in the loose cloth of she blouse . indy let 's go ! marion ( look around ) you burn down my place ! indy ( figuratively ) I owe you plenty ! marion ( literally ) you owe I plenty ! indy ( smile ) you be something ! marion I be something . and I will tell you exactly what -- she hold up the medallion possessively . marion I be you partner ! 57 ext . cairo - various shot - day 57 first we see the sprawl , the soar minaret , the an- cient skyline . then we be closer , in the narrow , exotic street , teeming with life : fierce - look man in tatter galabiyas , black - gown woman with veile face , rag , barefoot child . 58 omit omit 58 59 int . dine room - sallah' house ( old cairo ) 59 indy and marion have be welcome like family into the crowded home of sallah , he wife fayah , and they nine child ( age 4 - 18 ) . fayah , a huge , impose woman , appear , at first glance , to be the power in the house . sallah , a small , cheerful , energetic fellow in he for - tie defer to he wife in all matter of little importance . suddenly the general liveliness at the child 's table escalate into pandemonium , attract the attention of the adult . fayah silence ! ( there be silence ) why do you forget yourselves ? the gaggle of grin off -spring part to reveal in they midst --a monkey . it be munch some flat arab bread . fayah what be this ? who bring this animal in ? all the child chatter they innocence at once . the monkey chatter too ; it 's a entertainer . the monkey jump from the child 's table to the adult ' and strut slowly up toward marion , who think it 's the cutest thing she ever see . when it reach she , it take off its tur - ban and do a deep , grand bow to she . she be deligth and take the monkey into she arm . the monkey kiss she cheek . the child laugh . marion why , thank you . I like you too . fayah then it shall be welcome in we house . marion oh , no ! you do not have to have it around if you do not want it -- sallah ( cheerfully ) all of Allah 's creature be welcome here . you please we by let we please you . 60 omit omit 60 61 ext . courtyard - sallah' house - night 61 indy and sallah sit in the small , protect courtyard . sallah hold the two section of the headpiece , the medal - lion and the base , and have for the first time fitte they together . they fit perfectly and complete the headpiece . he peruse the marking on the headpiece quizzically . indy be clean and load a .45 automatic . indy I know the Germans would hire you , sallah . they could not have a ex - cavation in the desert without the best digger in Egypt . sallah all Arabs look alike to they , indy . indy tell I about the map room at tanis . sallah we find it three day ago . I break through myself . indy that Nazis be move awfully fast . sallah the frenchman be help they . indy react . indy belloq . so he get away from the Indians . this be go to be more interesting that I think . sallah I be afraid this have put the Germans close to find the well of the soul . indy ( indicate the headpiece ) even belloq will not be able to find it without that . can you make anything of that marking ? they be nothing I be familiar with . sallah ( shake he head " no " ) but I know someone who might . you can go to see he tomorrow . ( a worried expression ) indy ... something bother I . indy what be it , my friend ? sallah find it hard to say . when he finally speak , he word be accompany by a strange , eerie , forebode rush of wind through the courtyard . just a coincidence we might suppose . sallah it be the ark . if it be there , at tanis ... it be not something man be mean to disturb ... death have always surround it . it be not of this earth . the wind die down . indy shake off a chill and stare thoughtfully at he friend . 62 ext . heavily trafficked cairo STREET - day 62 indy and marion be briskly walk along one of Cairo 's busy bazaar street . vendor with fine cloth , pottery , basket , jewelry , etc line the street . marion have the monkey from sallah 's house on she shoulder . indy do you really need that monkey ? marion I be surprised at you , indy . talk - ing that way about we baby . he 's get you look , too . indy and you brain . as indy and marion turn a corner , the monkey seem to notice something and immediately jump from marion 's shoulder and hurry off at a frantic pace down the street . marion ( look disappointed ) hey ! hey !... where be you go ? indy ( drag marion on ) he will be ok . come on . come on . 63 ext . another cairo STREET - day 63 the monkey be see run around another corner and jump into the wait arm of monkey man , who appear to be like a beggar with a dirty turban and a eye patch . monkey man immediately hurry down the street and pass into a building . in the building be two german agent . monkey man and the monkey both give the Heil Hitler salute and engage in quick talk . monkey man quickly leave the two german agent and get back to the street . he be obviously shadow indy and marion . indy and marion be just now pass by the monkey man duck back behind some basket . 64 ext . another busy cairo STREET - day 64 indy and marion be pass under a balcony where a lone german agent stand watch . after they pass , the agent nod to some bad arab who be hide in the shadow of the street . in a moment , indy and marion pass by the break . monkey man turn and look up at a roof further down the alley . he wave with he hand . someone up there wave back . 65 ext . a SMALL bazaar - day 65 indy and marion have reach a tiny square , make even more cramped by its use as a small bazaar . they have start work they way through the crowd when several bad Arabs and a german agent begin to converge on they . indy immediately see what 's happen and pull the bull whip from he jacket . the first bad arab to reach they get hit in the mouth by the handle of the whip . now all hell break loose , with bad Arabs , innocent shopper , bas - ket of fruit and table of goods fly every which way in the constrict space . indy ( to marion ) run ! get out of here ! indy catch a dagger - wield bad arab around the leg with the whip and flip he . marion be reluctant to leave indy . indy go , dammit ! go! marion go . she run off between two building . a bad arab take off after she . monkey man , now stand at the edge of the square , point at marion . the monkey jump off he shoulder and follow marion . 66 ext . between the building - day 66 marion run along the narrow space and soon encounter a five foot wall . she flop over it . the bad arab be right on she heel . he reach the wall and vault over . on the other side of the wall , the bad arab land in a crouch , look ahead and do not see marion . immediately a heavy earthen pot smashes over he head , put he out . marion step from a alcove and start to run to - ward the street at the other end of the walkway . suddenly another bad arab and a new german agent appear in the street at that end . before they can spot she , marion retreat to the alcove again . there be a huge rattan basket sit there . marion climb in and close the top above she . the only witness : the monkey , who be now perch on the fire foot wall . 67 ext . the SMALL bazaar - day 67 Chaos . a entire booth of pot and pan collapse on a bad arab and a german agent as indy whip away a support . 68 ext . between the building - day 68 the chatter monket lead a german agent and two bad Arabs to marion 's hide place , gesture manically . 69 ext . the SMALL bazaar - day 69 indy duck under the swinging blade of a huge Arabian sword and kick the bad arab swordsman in the groin . 70 ext . side STREET - day 70 the german agent lead the way as the two bad Arabs carry the huge basket above they head . the basket top have be fastened close , but marion be make a fuss inside . at the place where the street cut across the far side of the bazaar , marion be able to wedge the top open one inch and scream -- marion indy -y- y-y ! 71 ext . the SMALL bazaar - day 71 indy have hear she . he look across the square as the basket and its escort disappear beyond a building . one last bad arab rise before he . indy 's whip flash and the bad arab 's robe fall down to he ankle . indy fran - tically push he way through the panicked mass of human - ity in the direction the basket have go . 72 ext . the foot chase - intercutting indy and the 72 moving basket - day the bad guy move the basket as fast as they can through street , alley and passageway thick with people . indy always seem to round a corner just in time to catch a glimpse of the basket before it disappear around a new corner . indy must fight a flow of humanity as powerful as a ocean riptide . finally , at the head of one par - ticularly crowded alley , indy leap up onto a wall for a clearer view . whatever he see give he a idea and he cut between two building rather than follow the basket . 73 ext . deserted alley - day 73 two bad Arabs come run down the alley with the basket between they . suddenly , indy 's whip flash out send both Arabs and the basket tumble . indy step into view , he .45 train on the sprawle Arabs , and look at the basket . the top have come fly off and the content have clatter onto the cobblestone : inside be not marion , but a load of contraband pistol , rifle and ammo . indy be advance on the tremble bad Arabs with a ugly look when suddenly he hear marion scream around the corner . 74 ext . deserted square - day 74 indy round the corner and be immediately drive back by machine gun fire . take cover , he get quick , inter - mittent glimpsis of this scene : at the far corner of the large , desert square be a canvas -cover truck . two bad Arabs be hurry toward be with a large rattan bas - ket between they , marion scream inside . a german agent be cover they retreat with a machine gun from the cab of the truck . indy run up to see the rattan basket be heave into the back of the truck . 75 ext . back of the truck - day 75 what indy can not see be that the basket land among a ominous load of german munition , dynamite and firearm . the truck immediately peel out . 76 ext . deserted square - day 76 the german agent have stop fire in order to drive . he floor it , aim for a street at the corner of the square . indy use the lull to take careful aim at the german agent 's profile and fire off three careful shot . the german agent be hit , blast dead against the steering wheel . the speed - ing truck swerve , hit a wall , roll over and explode in a enormous , multi-level eruption as its content ignite . several surround building be levele . indy , blow back across the square , look on , astound and horror-stricken . indy marion . 77 int . arab bar - night 77 a dark , smoke - fill de on iniquity . the patron , almost all fearsome Arabs , sit in small shadowy group around the room . indy stand at the bar finish off a fifth of bourbon . he be drunk . the arab bartender place a new bottle of expensive bourbon in front of he . indy eye be queerly . arab bartender the gentleman in the corner send it . he would like you to join he . indy ( do not even look ) too bad . I be drink alone . the arab bartender do a take , look at the three , tough german henchmen who have surround indy from out of the smoke , they hand stuff in bulg trenchcoat pock - ets . indy notice they now with a bleary glance . he decide he 's in no shape to kill or be kill and move with they across the room , take he bottle with he . the arab patron take this in and mind they own business . the occupant of the smoke- shroud corner table become visible only as indy - each there : it be emile belloq . he be drink wine . indy belloq . belloq good evening , Dr. Jones . indy I ought to kill you right now . belloq it be not I who bring the girl into this dirty business . indy know its true ; that 's what 's tear he up . belloq sit down , please , before you fall down . we can behave as civilized people . I be afraid it will be you last opportunity . indy sit , glance at the german henchmen , who settle nearby , just out of earshot . indy not a very private place for a murder . belloq ( look around ) this Arabs will not interfere in the white man 's business . they do not care if we kill each other off . ( take a sip of wine , refer to it ) terribly difficult find a decent vintage here . you be quite vig - orous in shanghai . unfortunately , we friend the Wild boar have take the precaution of make several copy of the piece . indy register this as he take a drink . belloq watch he with disdainful amusement . belloq how odd that be should end this way for we , after so many ... stimulate encounter . I almost regret it . where shall I find a new adversary so close to my own level ? indy try the local sewer . belloq I know you despise I . we always hate in other that which we most fear in ourselves . and you and I be very much alike . indy now you be get nasty . belloq we have always do the same kind of work . we method have not differ as much as you pretend . I be a sha - dowy reflection of you . but it would have take only a nudge to make you the same as I , to push you out of the light . there 's a certain amount of truth to this ; the recognition of it flicker across indy 's bleary eye . belloq see it there . belloq you know it to be true ! how nice . and how ironic the timing . belloq lean forward , eye shine , voice suddenly different . belloq do you realize that the ark be ? ( very intense ) it 's a transmitter . a radio for talk to God ! and now it be within my grasp . indy what about you boss , Der fuhrer ? I think he be wait to take possession . belloq glance into the gloom at the german henchmen . belloq ( quieter ) when the time be right . when I be finish with it . indy I hope you friend be patient . dangerous work , belloq . belloq yes. very . you may consider you - self fortunate that you involve - ment conclude here . indy tell I , do you get away with the idol ? belloq ( negative ) I be lucky to get away with my life . the hovitos prove quite narrow - minded about the whole matter . indy take a drink . indy you know , if it 's God you want to talk to , maybe I can arrange it . belloq ( smile ) you have not change . but , please , do not reach for you weapon until you be ready to die . the front door of the bar slam open and all nine of sallah' child scamper in and over to a surprised indy . two of the smallest hop into he lap . little son uncle indy , we have be look for you . little daughter come home now , uncle . hurry ! suddenly the arab patron of the bar take a intense in - terest in the situation , shifting they weapon . indy yes . yes , I will come now . indy stand up . the german henchmen and poise . belloq eye the arab patron and signal for the henchmen to relax . belloq next time , Indiana Jones , it will take more than child to save you . the child usher indy out . 78 int . sallah' truck - in front of arab bar - night 78 indy climb into the cab of sallah 's truck with a smile sallah as the child pile into the back . sallah pull out . sallah I think we would find you there . ( indicate the kid ) better than the United States ma - rine , eh? indy ( nod ) thanks you . ( grave ) marion 's dead . sallah yes , I know . I be sorry . ( pause ) more reason than ever to beat the bastard . ( he touch indy ) life go on , indy . ( indicate the kid again ) there be the proof . indy look back there , nod . sallah I have much to tell you , indy . ***************************** page 51 missing ***************************** 81 ( continued ) 81 fayah bring in a tray of food and put it on the table . the bowl of date be in one corner . as fayah leave the room , the monkey slip out of sallah 's lap and disappear under the table . indy lean over the food tray , he hand hover over the date . but he choose some cheese and bread instead . indy and they make the calculation in the map room ? sallah ( nod vigorously ) this morning . belloq and the boss german , shliemann . when they come out of the map room , we be give a new spot in which to dig ... out away from the camp . indy ( resign ) the well of the soul . sallah nod , move to the food . he pick up a date , then change he mind and drop it , take a bunch of grape instead . indy pick up a chicken leg in one hand and a date in the other , he mind distract . fayah enter the room just in time to see indy flip the date high into the air and try to catch it in he mouth . it bounce off he chin and fall to the floor . indy look sheepishly at fayah . fayah pick up the fall date and put it in the dirty ash tray she be now remove . amir speak in a slow , raspy voice without look up . amir come . look . the two man go and huddle over the old man . the monkey peek up over the edge of the table at the array of food . he pick up a date and disappear below the table . amir point to some marking on the lower part of the headpiece . amir this be a warning ... not to disturb the ark of the covenant . indy just want I need . the monkey 's paw come up over the edge of the table and grab another date . indy how ' bout the height of the staff ? do belloq get it off of there ? amir yes ... it be here . indy , nervous , go back to the food tray , pick up another date . when he turn back to the man , the monkey 's paw grab another date . we see the headpiece in closeup on the table . amir 's crooked finger trace a line of marking along the bottom section to the break in the piece . amir it say it be ... ten jamir high ... sallah about seventy - five inch . amir wait ! I be not finish ... amir 's finger move across the break as the marking con - tinue on the sun medallion . amir ( read ) " and one jamir to honor the Hebrew God whose ark this be . " indy , still hold the date , exchange a long look with sallah . indy you say they top section be blank . be you absolutely sure ? sallah nod . indy belloq 's staff be seven and a half inch short . they be digging in the wrong spot ! sallah and indy begin to laugh . amir give they a glance and return to he wine . sallah lean over and kiss the old man . sallah ( to amir ) a home run , my friend , grand slam ! ( to indy ) we have a say - - " a little luck be better than much smartness . " indy , pardner , you be very lucky fellow . indy hoot . then he take the data in he hand and flip it high in the air . he open he mouth to catch it , but it do not come down . he have inadvertently throw it into a bowl of a hang lamp . this make the man laugh even harder . indy go over and pick up another date . he turn laugh - ing to sallah and do not see as the monkey 's paw come up , slowly , take another date and begin to withdraw . sudden - ly the paw be stricken with palsy and the unseen monkey go into its death throw . sallah watch the paw as though hypnotize . finally the paw slip from sight and we hear a solid thump ! on the floor . sallah walk around the table and look at the floor . the monkey lie dead among a mess of date pit . indy be in a happy world of he own . he throw he date high in the air . he position himself under it and wait for it to drop in . here it come . right on target . as it 's about to disappear into indy 's mouth , sallah 's hand flash in and grab it . indy look mystify and disap - point . sallah motion toward the dead monkey . sallah bad date . 82 ext . desert road - morning 82 two old truck come down a narrow mountain road and onto the flat surface of the desert . further out into the desert , the one in the lead , sallah 's truck , stop and the second one , Omar 's truck , pull up beside it . there be half dozen arab digger in Omar 's truck . indy , dress as a arab , get out of the cab of sallah 's truck and move over to confer with omar , another old friend . they point off into the desert and reach some conclusion . indy give he a pat on the back ; Omar turn off the road and drive into the desert with he worker . indy hop back in the cab of sallah 's truck with sallah . as they move down the road we see that the back of the truck hold three other arab digger . 83 ext . rise above the tanis dig - morning 83 indy and sallah be lie in classic shouting fashion at the top of the rise look down on the tanis dig . down behind they , sallah 's truck be park with the three arab digger . indy my God ! they be not kid ! what he sees . the tanis dig be laid out below like a painting . truck , bulldozer , arab worker and german supervisor be everywhere . the excavation themselves be extensive and somewhat random -hole have be dig and then abandon , foundation and passageway unearth and then desert . Beyond the main dig , a crude airstrip have be create . sallah point to what appear to be a mound of dirt with a hole in it near the center of the activity . sallah there ! that be the map room ! indy what time do the sun hit the map ? sallah just after eight . indy we have not get much time . where be the Germans digging for the well of the soul ? sallah point out into the desert a short way beyond the main area of activity . the desert turn to sand dune out there , the surface undulate into the distance . several truck and man be out there and a bulldozer be lumber noisily toward it . indy okay . let 's go . 84 ext . the tanis dig - morning 84 sallah 's truck drive through the camp , one of the arab digger at the wheel . indy and sallah be in the back and look just like the other two arab digger . sallah 's truck do behind a tent and when it appear on the other side , indy and sallah be go . 85 ext . among the tent - morning 85 indy and sallah move stealthily among the tent . indy car - ry a smooth wooden staff almost seven foot tall . they stop between two tent and look across a path at the en- trance to the map room . what appear to be a mound of dirt be actually the roof on the ancient building . the hole / entrance be a five - foot square skylight . indy look around , then walk casually to the edge of the hole and look inside . sallah join he , produce a length of rope from he robe . indy drop the staff into the un - see map room as sallah tie the rope around on oil drum . when it 's secure , indy waste no time disappear down it into the map room . 86 int . map room 86 indy be down the twenty foot to the floor of the room in second . he tug on the rope and it immediately get pull up . indy look around with real wonder and excitement . the room be lovely , with elaborate wall carving and fre - coe , all light by the bright stream of sunlight flooding in from above . this beam of light lead indy 's eye to the far end , and the room 's truly remarkable feature : build into the floor in meticulous relief be a miniature stone model of the ancient city of tanis . already , the sunlight have work its way down the far wall and be edging onto the miniature of the city . on the floor , to the skylight side of the miniature , be a elaborate line create by embed mosaic tile . the evenly space slot in the line , each accompany by a symbol of a time of year , be for the base of the staff . indy pull the headpiece from he robe -- it have be weld together -- and reach for the staff . 87 ext . above the map room - day 87 a extremely nervous sallah have the gather rope in he hand and be try to appear casual as he inch back to - ward the oil drum . there be now a good bit of activity go on up here . jeep german os hey ! you , the skinny one ! sallah jump about three foot . the jeep german be stand in a open space ten yard away look at sallah . jeep german yes , you . what be you do there ? sallah gesture he innocence . jeep german well bring that rope over here , you cur . the Jeep german start back toward he major concern : he jeep be stick in some sand beyond the next tent . some arab worker be try in vain to budge it . now another german have back he truck up to it . sallah can think of nothing to do expect obey . with a worried glance at the map room , be begin untying the rope from the oil drum . 88 int . the map room 88 indy be examine the result of belloq 's work . Red paint mark one of the miniature building in the layout and a white calibrate tape have be strung from that building back to a miniature of the map room . now indy begin ex - amine the mosaic base line for the staff . sunlight have move further down across the miniature . 89 ext . in the camp - day 89 sallah watch nervously as he precious rope be pull taut between the pull truck and the stick jeep . he do not notice that he have choose to stand next to a large , steaming kettle of food until -- hungry german os bring we some of that ! he point to the kettle . sallah look frantically from the rope , back to the skylight of the map room , to the kettle of food . hungry german now , idiot ! sallah pick up some serve piece and get to work . 90 int . the map room 90 the moment have arrive . even the tension of the circum - stance cannot distract indy from the purity of what he be about to do . all he calculation be adjustment com - plete , indy take the staff of ra and place it --clink !-- in the right depression on the base line . this be as active and exciting a moment as any archeologist can dream of and , at heart , that be exactly what indy be . the sunlight catch the very top of the headpiece and move within a fraction of a inch of the tiny hole in its sun . the edge of the sunlight move across the miniature city be still a good two foot beyond the spot belloq have settle on . and now that line of light be break by the shadow of a ornate sun at the top of the staff . indy 's face reflect he concentration . and then he immense pleasure . he see what he come for . out of the miniature city , one small building be be light by a tiny beam of sunlight in the center of the sha - dow of the metal sun . and by some trick of ancient artis - try , this one building respond to the sunlight like none of the other . the golden light permeate it : it seem to glow . the building be in a direct line with belloq 's -- all the frenchman 's other calculation be right -- but it be a foot and a half beyond it . 91 ext . in the camp - day 91 sallah , sweat profusely , have finish serve the line of breakfast Germans and now head back to replace the kettle and get away . hungry german Water . bring we water . 92 int . map room 92 indy be on he knee at the miniature city , a special tape measure in he hand . indy have the tape strung from belloq 's mistaken spot to he own correct spot . he get he read , leap up and cross to the erect staff . he pull the head - piece off the staff and hide it in he robe . he quickly break the wooden staff in two and throw the piece behind a pile of debris . then he move quickly to beneath the skylight . indy ( stage whisper ) sallah . ( he wait , then louder ) sallah ! more wait . nothing . indy look around for some alter - native mean of escape . the room do not offer any . he look up at the skylight again . indy ( loudest ) sallah ! a long pause . then something come down . a makeshift rope . really just a bunch of clothing tie together -- tunic , robe , pants . but what we see first and most prominently , the first section of indy 's escape rope , be a bright Nazi flag . indy beam and climb . 93 ext . above the map room - day 93 indy stick he head out the skylight , see it clear and flop he body out . sallah , crouching behind the oil drum , immediately start pull in the makeshift rope . sallah stuff the rope in the oil drum and the two man begin waking toward some tent . hungry german os hey , you ! more water over here ! sallah glance at indy , then hurry back in that direc - tion . the hungry german focus on indy . hungry german why be not you at the dig ? come here ! indy bow in wild subservience and hurry off in the opposite direction . hungry german ( yell after he , irritate ) no , dummkopf , I say come ! 94 ext . between two tent - day 94 indy hustle between the tent . up ahead , two german officer stop to talk , block he exit . he move a- long the side of one of the tent until he find a open and slip inside . 95 int . the tent 95 indy find himself in a tent set up for rather comfort - able live . he have just start to cross it when he hear a loud , excited grunt . he turn toward the sound . in the corner , tie to a chair and gag be marion . indy rush to she , snatch the gag from she mouth and embrace she . they kiss , deep and long . indy I though you be dead . marion they be throw I around like a rag doll . indy they must have switch basket . thank god for that ! bless that bastard . have they hurt you ? marion no . not since I get here . they just ask about you -- what you know . the frenchman 's get the hot 's for I . I have be play that along . oh , indy , get I out of here . indy pull out a knife and then stop suddenly , think . marion what 's wrong ? indy ( put the knife away ) I have to leave you here for a little while . I know where the ark be . if I take you out of here they will start comb the place for we . marion ( louder ) cut I loose ! indy keep you voice down . marion ( scream ) I say get I out of -- indy pop the gag back in she mouth . her eye widen in fury and she grunt obscenity at he . indy look , you do not know how glad I be to see you . and I do not like do - ing this . but the whole thing will be shot if you do not just sit here quietly . they have not hurt you in the last twenty - four hour , they be not go to start now . I will be back to get you in no time . he kiss she forehead , jump up and hurry out of the tent . 96 ext . sand dune outside dig - day 96 with the dig behind they , indy and sallah run up to the ridge of the dune and over the top . at the bottom of the far side , Omar 's truck be park . Omar and he man be wait . 97 ext . different dune - day 97 this new spot give indy a higher , better view of the whole scene . indy be use a surveyor 's instrument to take a read -- what he sees . look through the instrument , indy get a line from the map room through the site where the Nazis be digging in the dune to a spot several dune over . we focus on that virgin spot of well - hide sand as -- indy there ! 98 ext . indy be dig - day 98 Omar 's truck be park at the stop just view from afar . dune rise on either side . one of Omar 's man have be post as a lookout up on a ridge . everybody else -- indy , sallah , Omar , and he men-- have begin digging for the Wells of the soul . dissolve to : same scene , night . they continue to dig furiously , all of they drench in sweat . the hole have grow but this be slow , back - break work . 99 int . command tent - tanis dig - night 99 belloq , shliemann the rank Nazi , and shliemann 's aide , gobler , come into the tent , which be full of chart and map , drawing of the ark , radio equipment , liquor and food . the man have be out digging for the well all day . they be tired , discourage , testy . in all matter , gobler show he alliance with shliemann against belloq with small look and body language . the frenchman have disappointed they and he be feel the isolation of a scapegoat . belloq get himself a drink as shliemann towel off he face . belloq I caution you about be prema - ture with that communique to Berlin . archeology be not a exact science . if do not adhere to time schedule . shliemann the fuhrer be not a patient man . he demand constant report and he ex - pect progress . you lead I to be - lieve -- belloq nothing . I have make no promise . I say only that it look very favorable . perhaps the ark will still be find in a adjoin chamber . base on the informa - tion in we possession , my cal - culation be correct . perhaps some bit of evidence still elude we . perhaps gobler perhaps the girl can help we . belloq shoot he a angry look . shliemann my feel exactly . she be in possession of the original piece for year . she may know much . ( really evil ) if properly motivate ... belloq I tell you , she know nothing use - ful . shliemann I be surprised to find you squeamish . that be not you reputation . but it need not concern you . I have the perfect man for this kind of work . shliemann signal gobler , who step outside the tent a moment , call someone and then reappear . belloq look warily at the entrance . after a moment belzig enter , reek villiany . when he eye find shliemann , he superior , he snap a crisp " Heil , Hitler ! " at he , hold - ing he palm rigid a long time , expose a burn scar in the prefect shape of the sun medallion . 100 ext . indy be dig - night 100 in the eerie conjunction of moonlight and torchlight , indy and the other man step back in awe of they discovery : there , flush with the bottom of they pit , be a heavy stone entry door to a underground chamber . special pry - ing tool be produce . with two man assign to each of the two long tool , they work in unison to open the vault . they open it a foot and the other man rush in to flop the heavy door completely open . down inside , only blackness . the man quickly prostrate themselves around the edge of the entry to look inside . indy and sallah each take a torch and hold they down the hole . what they see . the well of the soul be a spooky chamber thirty foot deep . the wall be cover with hieroglyphics and carving . the roof be support intermittently by stone pillar , the close of which hit the roof very near the entry hole . the well be quite large ; as indy and sallah wave they torch , more and more of the room be reveal . now the far end of the chamber come into view . there be a stone altar down there and on this elaborate carve platform be a stone chest , big enough to enclose the lose ark and protect it from the ravage of time . this altar appear to be the only place on the floor of the well that be not cover by a strange , dark carpet of some kind . indy the ark must be in that stone case . what 's that gray stuff all over the floor -- he break off realize exactly what that carpet be . he blanch . Indiana Jones blanch . indy drop he torch to the floor of the well . this be answer by the most horrific hissing imaginable . what he sees . that think dark carpet be move . it 's alive . it 's thousand and thousand of deadly poisonous snake -- egyptian asp . and the only thing that seem can - pable of avoid this venomous groundcover be the altar . the snake ebb and flow near it , but never encroach on it , as though repell by some invisible force . indy shake he head and talk to himself . indy why snake ? why do it have to be snake ? anything else . after a moment of this , he stop . he gather he energy and resolve and get back to the task . sallah asp . very dangerous . where indy 's torch have land be a circle of snake - free floor . the snake hate the flame ; they stay away . indy lot of torch . and oil . I want a landing strip down there . 101 int . the well of the soul 101 Fifteen torch have be drop to the floor of the chamber , combine to make a good-size clear zone . smoke begin to fill the room . several canister of oil have be lower into this space . now , a large wooden crate be lower slowly by rope . rope handle be attach to each end of the crate . up at the hole , indy give sallah a reassure pat , take a breath , and swing carefully onto a rope hang from the hole . despite he care , he swing a bit and he foot hit the stone pillar which be so near the entry . surpris - ingly , the pillar catually move a bit , shower a light rain of crumble stone to the floor below . indy land on the floor of the well . he look at the altar over a sea of undulate death . he pick up a oil canister and splashes two parallel line of oil and light they . a path six foot wide begin to open to the altar . behind indy , sallah come quickly down the rope . we begin to intercut all the action in the well from here on with insert shot of the snake outside the flame . snake and snake . we see : snake pile and entwine six inch deep ; mother snake lay snake egg ; snake egg hatching little snake ; snake cannibalize other snake . 102 omit omit 102 103 int . marion be tent 103 belloq have be talk to the still - bound marion . he have remove she gag . he be impatient , angry , uncomfort - able . caught between two force . belloq believe I , you make a mistake . if you would just give I something to placate they . some bit of informa - tion . marion I swear to you , I know nothing more . I have no loyalty to Jones . he 's bring I only trouble . he want to believe she . belloq I can not control they . marion 's frighten look shift suddenly to the entrance of the tent . there be new arrival there -- shliemann , gobler and belzig . belzig carry a black leather case . he step forward and smile at marion . belzig we meet again , fraulein . 104 ext . indy be dig - just before dawn 104 the sky be just beginning to lighten over the dune to the east , make dangerously obvious the thin column of smoke rise from the entrance to the well . Omar and he man be peer through the smoke down into the well. 105 . int . the well of the soul 105 indy and sallah be on the altar . push together with all they strength , the heavy stone top of the protective chest begin to slide away . indy and sallah exchange slightly wary but very excited look , then continue to push . as the ark begin to be expose , the air seem to almost vibrate , to become electrostatically charge . we hear what sound like a low hum . the sea of snake around the altar draw back further from this presence . as the top of the stone chest be push completely off and slam down beside it , we see the lost ark of the covenant . it be awesomely beautiful , breathtaking . 4 foot long , 2.5 foot wide and 2.5 foot high . it 's height , however , be increase by the two sculpture gold angel mount face each other on the top . though the body of the ark be aca - cia wood , it have be overlaid with gold . a elaborate gold crown surround the top edge and gold carry ring be attach to each corner . sallah be mesmerize by the sight . his hand start to reach out and touch one of the angel , but indy grab it . indy do not touch it ! never touch it ! the wooden crate stand open next to the stone chest . now indy extract the wooden pole from its ring and begin fitting they through the ring in the ark . this take some maneuver by the two man , but soon they be able to lift the ark clear of the stone chest and into the wooden crate . they extract the pole , fasten the top of the crate and stick the pole through the ring of the wooden crate . they start back toward the space under the hole . the fire strip have begin to dwindle , as have some of the torch . the snake move slowly in toward the clear space . indy and sallah eye they nervously as they hurry along with they heavy load . under the hole , they hurried - ly attach rope to the wooden crate and it be pull up . indy 's concentration be on the tide of snake . indy hurry up ! why do it have to be snake ? sallah take the next rope and climb quickly out of the well . indy have pick up a torch and now throw it at a pool of snake who be too close for he comfort . he turn and take hold of the exit rope . he give it a first tug and it fall down into the well , landing partly beyond the ring of fire where be instantly disappear in a tangle of angry , hiss asp . indy look up at the hole . indy what the -- smiling down at he from the perimeter of the entry be belloq , shliemann and gobler . belloq why , Dr. Jones , whatever be you do in such a nasty place ? belloq and the Germans laugh . indy why do not you fellow come down here ? I will show you . belloq no thank you , my friend . ( he glance around he ) I think we be all very comfortable up here . 106 ext . indy be dig - dawn 106 sunlight be flooding this tableau : sallah , Omar and he man be be hold at bay by ten armed Nazis . the wooden crate sit safely nearby . belzig and another Nazi have the gag marion hold in they rough grasp . belloq ( down to indy ) after all this year , it be most considerate of you to aid I in this way . as belloq speak , shliemann exchange a look with belzig . belzig smile and take the gag from marion 's mouth . 107 int . well of the soul 107 shliemann smile down at indy . shliemann I be afraid we must be go now , Dr. Jones . we prize be await in Berlin . but I do not wish to leave you down in that awful place ... ( he give a sign ) ... all alone . belzig and the Nazi move marion to the hole and , to belloq 's surprise , push she in . marion fall thirty foot scream . indy drop he torch , brace , and catch she ! her weight knock he to the ground , almost into the snake . she look around at the snake , cling to he more desper - ately as he struggle to he foot try to unload she . marion do not put I down ! up at the hole , there 's plenty of dissension . belloq the girl be mine ! shliemann she be of no use to we . only we mission for the fuhrer matter . shliemann glance meaningfully around at the other Nazis . shliemann I wonder sometimes , monsieur , if you have that clearly in mind . belloq feel how much he be the outsider , he own vulner - ability . he back down with the wisdom of survival . he turn to look down at indy and marion . his manner be gal - lant . belloq Goodbye , mademoiselle . ( a pause , then with respect ) Indiana Jones ... adieu ! belloq and the other step back from the hole and unseen Nazis slam the heavy stone door into place . marion scream . her scream be accomany by -- a huge whoosh ! as air be suck out and the chamber be seal - ed . half of the torch still burn go out with the sound . the remain torch continue to extinguish at punctuate interval throughout the follow action and the snake immediately flood into the newly - darken space . indy put marion down and snatch up two burn torch . he hand one to marion . indy do not panic . there 's plenty of time for that later . Wave that at any - thing that slither . indy hold he torche out like a lantern and begin a slow 360o turn , he eye peer into the gloom , examine every inch of wall and ceiling . marion what be you do ? indy just watch the floor . remind of the encroach snake , marion wave she torch at the nearest edge of they circle . she look faint . in - dy continue he slow turn . marion whatever you be do , do it faster . indy ( he spot something ) there ! his head whip around , look at the pillar around the room . he see what he want . he grab one of the oil canister , look back to the spot on the wall he 's choose and splashes oil on the floor in that direction , then light it . a path open toward that wall . indy come on ! marion be freeze in she spot . indy drag she after he . he splashes oil the rest of the way to the wall . it light and indy pull marion over to the wall . he pour the be - main oil in a circle around they , create a safe zone there . indy stay here ! marion ( grab he ) where be you go ? indy I will be back in a minute . we be go through this wall . marion look at the wall , which look like all the rest to she . she think he 's crazy . indy just keep you eye open and get ready to run . no matter what happen to I . marion ( panicked ) what do you mean ? too late . indy run back through the path of flame to the center of the room . snake strike as he fly heel . indy reach the base of the pillar which he touch briefly on he original descent . he use he torch to clear away the scattered snake climb on it , then pull out he whip . he draw it back , then wrap be solidly around the pillar 15 foot up . with the torch in he mouth , he begin climb the pillar . it move ominously under he weight . the last two torch still burn on the floor go out . now the only light in the chamber be provide by the torch hold by indy and marion and the dwindling oil flame . snake move in and surround the base of indy 's pillar . the path between marion and the center of the room be overrun . the circle of flame around marion be die down . she look be - yond it with terror- widen eye , then up through the in - crease smoke at the distant indy . near the top of the pillar , indy 's hand strain along he taut whip , which he have move higher . a snake slither into view there , inch from indy 's strain face . indy turn he head so the torch in he mouth can burn it . the snake fall from the pillar . indy 's torch be dwindling . indy work he body around so that he in on the side of the pilar away from marion . the pillar move , shower dust . indy look at the chamber wall five foot away , take a breath and swing he leg up against it . he be now brace between pillar and wall . marion os ( scream ) where be you ?! snake be move in force up the pillar toward indy 's dwindling torch . indy grasp the pillar for dear life , grimace with exertion and push against the wall with all he 's get . the pillar begin to break loose of the ceiling , then stop . indy 's eye be on the torch . it be just a spot of flame now . snake be slide up to - ward he hand . indy again push against the wall and the torch fall out of he mouth . the pillar go ! in the dim light , we see it fall like a tree directly at marion . indy ride it down . the top hit the wall three foot from a cring marion and smashes through to a black chamber beyond . indy fly off into the darkness . gone. marion clutches she torch at the black hole . marion indy ! where be you ?! please Lord ! there be a moment that seem a eternity , then indy ap - pear like a apparition out of the void . indy come on ! he grab she and help she over the remain of the wall into - - 108 int . the catacomb 108 the wind string of connect chamber be reveal to they only a few foot at a time as they torch light the way . marion the snake ... be they here ? indy I guess not . I think I would be dead . marion do you know where you be go ? indy absolutely . marion thank god . where ? indy out . they round a corner and flush a covey of bat . marion scream . indy do not do that . it scare I . marion give he a look . they round a corner and begin a walk through a maze of chamber that present for they inspection : molder mummy and stack saracophagi ; a room decorate with a thousand human skull ; a wall crawl with huge scarabaeid beetle . marion be quite naturally a nervous wreck ; she jump when indy grab she suddenly and point . indy look ! what they see . there , come through the crack in the corner of the next chamber , be white bless sunlight . 109 ext . the tanis dig - near airstrip - day 109 indy and marion peek out into the light from the shadow of a abandon excavation . before they be the improvise airstrip serve the dig : a crude runway , a tent supply depot , two fuel tank truck . down by the fuel truck a german mechanic be look skyward . now indy and marion look there too , draw by the roaring sound of -- a Flying wing , which be circle over the dig in prepar - ation to landing . now a new figure approach the german mechanic . it be gobler ; he yell to the mechanic , indicate the plane . gobler get be gass immediately ! it have a important cargo to take out ! in the distance , the Flying wing land and roll toward the man . gobler spin and head back toward the main camp , which be hide from view by a rise . indy and marion watch he go . indy when the ark get load , we be al - ready go to be on that place . the Flying wing roll up into the space near the fuel truck . the german mechanic put blue block in front of the tire as the engine continue to roar . indy and marion run in a crouch to a hide spot closer to the plane , near the supply tent . suddenly , a second german mechanic appear behind they . he be as surprised as they be , but recover quickly and swing a big monkey wrench at indy . indy grab the swinging arm and the two man tum - ble out into the open , wrestle . marion remain hide , move fast among the crate . the first german mechanic , who be just pull the fuel hose from the tank truck to the plane , see the combatant and run to help he countryman . he be almost upon they when indy put the second german away with a devastating leave -- right -- leave combination . he turn to find the first german mechanic fly at he . the roll toward the rear of the Flying wing and its lethally spin reverse propeller . in the cockpit of the Flying wing , the Pilot have be fid - dling with he gauge just prior to shutting off he engine . now he notice the fight go on outside . the fistfight between indy and the german mechanic have take on a new stomach - tightening dimension . the man be fight and flail in and out between the spin prop at the back of the plane 's wing . each man come within inch of become instant mincemeat . the Pilot slide away the top of he cockpit and stand up . he pull a luger from he side and point it , wait for a clear shot at indy . the german mechanic kick indy away from he and the Pilot aim he pistol . suddenly , marion appear behind the Pilot , stand on the opposite wing , and bashes he over the head with one of the blue block that be hold the tire . the Pilot drop down into the cockpit , he body fall on the throttle . the engine roar louder , revving up . the plane begin to roll , rotat - ing around its one still - block set of tire . marion grab onto the cockpit to keep from slip into the prop . she bend into the cockpit , try to pull the Pilot 's body off the throttle . no luck . she grimace and climb inside . her shoulder bump the top of the cockpit ; it slide tight - ly shut above she . under the move wing , indy deliver a knockout rightcross to the german mechanic which send he staggering back to - ward a roaring propeller . indy 's grimace register the man 's demise and a fine mist of blood waft toward he . indy spin toward the sound of crumpling metal and see -- the other top of the Flying wing slice into a tank truck . the airplane fuel inside flood out onto the pavement , surround the plane . indy backpedal away from the plane , he eye search the scene for marion . suddenly , he be shocked to see she in the cockpit . he run toward she , skid through the gasoline . indy get out ! get out ! marion be struggle with the top of the cockpit . she can not budge it . she 's trap . 110 ext . the command tent - day 110 Three armed Nazis stand guard around the wooden crate con - tain the ark . it be sit near the flop - open en trance to the commmand tent and there be furious activity go on here . belloq , shliemann , gobler , belzig and as - sort aide be pack up all the papers and personal item in preparation for a hasty departure . a large crowd of arab digger be milling about among the tent . they all want to get a look at the ark. sallah be among they . all at once , there be a earthshake explo - sion . Al eye turn toward the rise that hide the air - strip . a huge fireball float into view over there . every - one start run toward it . shliemann yell at belzig and the armed Nazis . shliemann stay with the ark ! 111 ext . the rise above airstrip - day 111 almost all the Arabs and Germans in the dig have congre - gated here and be stare at the burn remain of the Flying wing . belloq and shliemann arrive just as the sec - ond fuel truck blow up . the concussion knock many of the observer flat . belloq , shliemann and gobler watch the scene in alarm . shliemann sabotage ! belloq we must get the ark away from this place immediately ! shliemann ( to gobler ) have it put on the truck . we will fly out of Cairo . gobler snap he heel , turn to go . shliemann and gobler -- ( gobler stop ) -- I want plenty of protection . gobler nod and run off . shliemann head back toward camp . belloq hesitates a long moment , study the burn wreck - age with a odd , suspicious look . finally , he turn and leave , pass a nearby stack of barrel . when he have pass , sallah appear from among the barrel . he search the crowd for he people and start a break field run along some tent to avoid a group of Germans and be run flat - out when someone stick out a leg and send he flipping . sallah , dust all over he face , look angrily toward the conceal culprit . at once , a flash white grin split he darken face . indy and marion , splotched with soot and oil , be hide in the flap of a tent . sallah run in - to they arm and the three embrace warmly . when they break -- sallah Holy smoke , my friend ! I be so pleased you be not dead . marion we too . sallah ( suddenly remember ) the ark ! they be take it on a truck to Cairo . indy where be it ? sallah gesture to follow and all three run off stealthily through the mostly desert camp . 112 ext . among the tent - day 112 sallah , indy and marion run into a hide spot behind some water barrel near the Command tent . they peek out at this activity -- in the big space near the Command tent be park a open german staff car ; inside be a blond Driver and a armed Guard . directly behind it be a canvas- top troop truck . at this moment , belloq and shliemann be supervise the careful placement of the crate ark in the back of the truck . when it be securely place inside , we hear a om - inous march sound and nine armed Nazis appear at a trot from between some tent and climb into the back of the truck with the ark . behind the water barrel , sallah and marion exchange hape - less look , but indy just concentrate on -- the scene by the truck : belloq and shliemann be about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check out the final component of the convoy . Rolling into place be - hind the truck be another open staff car . but this one be special -- mount in the back be a big , black machine gun , manned by a gunner . at the wheel of the car be gobler and next to he sit belzig . sallah and marion look at indy . belloq and shliemann climb in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pull out . indy watch it go , think hard . indy you two get back to Cairo quick and get we transporation to England -- a plane , a ship , anything . marion what about you ? indy I be go to get that truck . I will meet you at Omar 's . be ready for I . sallah nod . marion look at he like he 's nut . indy jump up , look around desperately . marion how be you go to get that truck ? indy ( still search ) I do not know . I be make this up as I go . he run away between two tent . 113 ext . at the edge of the dig - day 113 from among the tent , indy suddenly burst into view , hap - pily astride a magnificent white Arabian stallion . he gal - lop off across the desert . 114 ext . the desert ( various shot ) - day 114 indy cut crosscountry avoid the road the convoy have take . he leap gully , climb dune , slide down slope . soon the convoy come into view far below he . he tear along a parallel ridge , like a indian shadow a wagon train . 115 ext . desert road - day 115 the convoy be enter rougher country . the narrow moun - tain road we have see earlier ascend ahead . to the side of the road be tall boulder . suddenly , indy shoot out from between two rock and ride directly for the truck . the armed Nazis in the back of the truck can see nothing because the canvas hide they view . but gobler , belzig and the gunner in the rear staff car have a brief line on he . belzig point and the gunner fire away and indy , the bullet kick up sand near indy 's horse . the armed Guard in the cab of the truck lean out to see what 's happen . indy have be riding alongside . now he stand on the horse and leap to the cab . in a second , he have flip the armed Guard out of the truck . he slide into the cab and begin grapple with the truck Driver . the truck Driver try to hit the brake , but indy kick he foot away and floor the gas pedal . the truck double its speed and shoot onto the steep mountain road . 116 ext . mountain road - day 116 the blond Driver of the front staff car see the truck move up on he in the rearview mirror and speed up . belloq , shliemann and the armed Guard in the car twist around to look at the struggle in the truck . the blond Driver begin what will be a continue preview of the twist in the road . he turn he wheel sharply and take the lead car around a bend . in the cab of the truck , indy and the truck Driver stop they fight temporarily and cooperate in turn the steer - ing wheel . the truck barely stay on the road . a full view reveal the incredible geography of this ride . the convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside , the cliff drop hundred of foot . at the wheel of the rear car , gobler swerve to stay on the road and accidently sideswipe a boulder . the gunner perch in the back be flip head over heel out of the car . gobler and belzig be have trouble see the road through all the dust the convoy be kick up . the lead staff car reach the summit of the road and bare - ly make the hairpin turn there , deliver a destructive blow to the guard rail that have be place there . the guard rail be now bent . in the cab of the truck , indy and the truck Driver again stop try to choke each other long enough to negotiate the turn together . the bumper of the truck hit the bro - ken guard rail and send it fly off the cliff . the truck , however , hold the road . in the rear car , gobler and belzig be try to see through the thick cloud of dust . suddenly be clear completely . unfortunately for they , this happen because they car have shot out into space at the hairpin turn . they be fly to they final reward . belzig , eye wide behind he evil spectacle , scream as he go . in the cab of the truck , the truck Driver be distract by the sight of the fly staff car . indy plaster he and he tumble out . Far , far below , belzig 's staff car explode on the rock . in the back of the truck , a tough sergeant take command of the situation . he pick out six armed Nazis and motion for they to start climb around the outside of the truck to the cab . with some trepidation the lucky one begin that maneuver . the truck be swerving like crazy . in the front staff car , the armed Guard aim he submachine gun back at indy , alone now in the truck 's cab . shliemann knock the barrel roughly away . shliemann ( yell ) if anything happen to that ark , we be all dead man ! the fuhrer will see to it ! indy see this from the cab and react by speed up , put - ting even more pressure on the blond Driver . along the back of the truck , armed Nazis be edging up to - ward the cab , three on each side . they hang on as the truck round a corner and go into a straightaway that lead through a short tunnel . in the cab , indy have be concentrate on the lead staff car . now , just before enter the tunnel , he look in the side view mirror and see the Nazis on he side . a quick glance to the other mirror reveal the other . as the truck sweep into the tunnel , we see indy just start to turn he steering wheel - - he be go to sideswipe the wall of the tunnel at the other end of the tunnel , we hear the roar of the two engine and two long , screeching , scraping sound . the lead staff car shoot out of the tunnel , then the truck , its side clean of Nazis . in the rear of the truck , the tough sergeant be look with distaste back at the tunnel . there remain only he and two armed Nazis with the ark . he send this two climb - ing up over the top of the truck . in the lead car , the blond Driver be be press hard by indy , who now edge up to bump they from the rear . sud - denly the armed Guard next to the Driver see the two armed Nazis appear on the top of the truck . without think , he start to point they out to shliemann , then realize he stupidity . in the cab , indy have see this and be at first mystify . he check he sideview mirror . then he figure it out and slam on he brake . the brake lock , the wheel burn and the truck skid to a dusty halt . the two armed Nazis fly off the truck , over the cab to the road in front . indy immediately hit the gas again . the two armed Nazis , just aim they weapon , get wipe out . in the rear of the truck , the crate ark be bounce all along , no one in sight , because -- the tough sergeant be on the top of the truck , make he way steadily forward . this guy clearly know what he 's do . a submachine gun be sling across he back . the truck and the staff car race through a series of s-curves . in the staff car , belloq and shliemann spot the tough sergeant as he reach the front of the truck 's top and begin to lower he submachine gun barrel toward the cab . indy be unaware . bellow and shliemann exchange look . then shliemann yell to the armed Guard in the front seat . the tough sergeant have a line on indy . he point he gun . the armed Guard blast away at the truck . the tough ser - geant die in a hail of bullet and fly off . indy , who have duck at the gunfire , be confuse . but when he see the armed Guard up front lower he gun , indy again floor it and begin bump the staff car in earnest . the road be almost down to a level now . in the distance -- Cairo . the road take a little dogleg just before reach - ing level ground again . just as the staff car be about to make the turn , indy smashes they from behind . the staff car fly off the road and down a twenty foot embankment . indy take the truck speed down the road and off toward Cairo . in the staff car , the occupant be bruise but safe . shliemann point at the depart truck and yell at the blond Driver . the staff car fishtail out of its sandy rest place and take off after the truck . 117 ext . outskirt of cairo ( various shot ) - day 117 indy have a ever- decrease lead on the staff car as the race thunder into the narrow street . people and animal leap out of the way ; cart and barrel go fly helter skelter . indy take the truck down a street so narrow there be only inch to spare on each side . pedestrian jump into doorway . 118 ext . omar' square - day 118 when the truck clear the narrow street , it be in a small square . Omar 's garage 's gape open on the opposite side . indy hit the brake and the truck skid across the square and into the garage . the garage door slam shut and tent - ing drop from the building to hide the door . various arab , friend of Omar , rush out with fruit cart and basket and set up a mini-bazaar in second . two arab boy sweep the track of the truck into obliviion . they throw aside they broom just as the staff car appear from the narrow street . belloq and shliemann look around desperately as the blond Driver steer the car through the square and out the other side . 119 ext . cairo dock - night 119 the waterfront be dark and misty . a old tramp steamer , the bantu wind , sit by the pier . several fierce Black African Pirates , the crewmember , be take on final store . a small light illuminate the top of the gangplank . in its circle , indy and marion exchange long , warm embrace with sallah . a short distance away the ship 's Captain , a handsome , powerful black name simon katanga , watch from the rail , smoking a pipe . dissolve to : 120 ext . OPEN sea - the mediterranean - night 120 the Bantu wind be bath in moonlight as it cut across even seas . 121 int . indy'' cabin - night 121 indy come in , take off he hat , jacket , whip and holster . the door which connect this cabin to the next open and marion appear . she be carry a half - full glass of liquor , but what you notice be the long , snow - white , high - neck nightgown she be wear . it be very prim . very innocent . and very sexy . marion do a slightly embarrassed model 's turn for indy . marion I have a feel I be not the first woman to travel with this pirate . there 's a whole wardrobe in there . indy it 's lovely . indy sit on the cot , take off he boot . he lean back against the wall and rub he eye . marion sit on the bed , lean back against the wall with he and look down at she white nightgown . she chuckle . marion I feel like a virgin bride in this . indy that 's what you look like . marion ( take a drink ) there be some thing you can recap - ture in this life , but that be not one of they . indy what would you like to recapture ? marion ( after a long pause ) nothing . that be the way it be . he watch she closely as she drain she glass and put it down . indy do I ever say I be sorry I burn down you tavern ? she turn so they lip be very close . marion no . then again , I burn up that plane . indy you save my life . marion and you save mine . indy seem thing have work out kind of even . marion that 's the way I like they . indy maybe we should consider all past account close . marion think about this a long time . marion no . not yet . indy what else ? she look into he eye . a smile jump from she lip to he . he kiss she and they sink slowly to the cot . 122 int . in the hold 122 the ship 's rat be agitate . they tremble and chitter at the edge of the compartment , darting about . out in the center of the hold , sit all by itself , be the crate ark . hum -m-m-m. 123 int . indy'' cabin - day 123 marion awake with a start , alone in the cot . something 's wrong . the ship be quiet . indy be strapping on he holster . he pull he ship and jacket from a hook . marion what be it ? indy the engine have shut down . marion why ? indy I be go to find out . 124 ext . lower deck - day 124 indy run toward the bow , then climb some step four at a time . a messenger pirate be hurry to get he , but fly by he on the step . by the time the pirate stop himself , indy be go . messenger pirate mister Jones ! the Captain he say -- 125 ext . the bridge - day 125 Captain katanga be look with concern ahead of the ship . indy appear behind he . indy what 's wrong ? katanga you have most important friend . katanga turn quickly , point with a sweeping hand . indy look . array in a rough semicircle around the ship be ten german Wolf submarine . all of they deck gun be manned and train on the Bantu wind . worse , at least five heavily - armed board party in raft be close quickly on the ship . indy Holy shit . katanga ( fast ) I send my man for you . you and the girl must disappear . we have a place in the hold . go , my friend ! 126 ext . upper deck - day 126 indy tear along the deck . he look over the rail and see two Nazi raft already next to the ship . 127 ext . lower deck - day 127 indy fly down some stair and start to round a corner . suddenly he throw himself backwards , out of view . Three uniform Nazis be cluster near a cabin door hold the Messenger pirate . now two more come out of the cabin try to maintain they grasp on a kick , yell marion . she be still wear she white nightgown . more Nazis clam - ber onto the deck and head toward indy , slamm open door , roust Pirates , spout racial epithet . indy step backwards and fade into the maze of the ship . 128 ext . / int . the bantu wind ( various shot ) - day 128 the ship be swarm with Nazis . the Black Pirates be herde forward , subject to rough physical and verbal abuse by the Aryan supermen . the Pirates be clearly under order not to resist , but not one of this strong man like it . they would gladly give they life to rip the throat out of a few kraut . in the hold , the door slam open and Nazis pour in ; they smile at the sight of the crate ark. 129 ext . the bridge - day 129 Captain katanga watch as he crew be crowded into a cir - cle of Nazis on the wide deck below he . he be surround by belloq , shliemann , and several Nazis , two of whom be hold marion . now the Nazis from the hold appear on the lower deck carry the crate ark by mean of the long pole . belloq 's eye shine at the sight . shliemann take it aboard the wurrfler ! belloq and be very careful ! the ark be take away . shliemann ( to a sergeant below ) what about Jones ? sergeant not a trace yet , sir ! katanga Jones be dead . belloq and shliemann regard he suspiciously . katanga we kill he . he be of no use to we . the girl , however , have certain value where we be head . she will bring a very good price . if that cargo you have take be you goal , then go in peace with it . but leave we the girl . it will reduce we loss on this trip . shliemann Savage . you be not in a position to ask for anything . we will take what we wish and then decide whether or not to slow you ship from the water . belloq step forward and put a proprietory hand on marion 's arm , fix shliemann with a steady look . belloq that girl go with I . it will be part of my compensation . I be sure the fuhrer would approve . shliemann consider . belloq if she fail to please I , you can do with she as you wish . this appeal to shliemann 's nature . he signal he agree - ment with a gesture . belloq usher marion away with she two keeper . dissolve to : 130 ext . " the wurrfler " - conning tower - day 130 the Nazis have return to they sub . shliemann be on the bridge with the wurrfler' captain and the Captain 's aide . the Captain be a honorable career navy man . the wurrfler' captain Colonel shliemann , all torpedoe be load . shliemann nod and continue to stare at the Bantu wind , as do the Captain . the pirate crew be all line across the bow . tower above the other , stand on the rail , proud and defiant , be katanga . shliemann look at the wurrfler 's Captain a moment . shliemann what do you think , Captain ? the wurrfler' captain ( earnestly ) I think not , Colonel . nothing be to be gain . we be not at war . shliemann mull this , then turn to the hatch . shliemann ... yet . let the vermin live . we must be on we way . shliemann disappear down the hatch . the Captain be very pleased . a radioman speak into he headset , then follow the other aide down the hatch . in the distance the other sub begin to move away from the ship . the Captain , alone on the bridge , look once more at katanga . on the Bantu wind , katanga execute what might be take for a salute . the wurrfler 's Captain smile , salute crisply , then go below , pull the hatch close . immediately , the wurrfler begin to move . and as it do , we see the rail at the aft of the main deck . from nowhere , a wet sleeve appear and a hand grab the rail ! indy pull he drip body onto the sub 's main deck . he have lose he feel hat once and for all . other than that , he outfit be the same as always , just wetter . suddenly , water be wash over he foot ; the wurrfler be beginning to submerge . indy run through quickly deepen water toward the haven of the con tower . halfway there , he slip and go down . only by grab the base of the aftmast light do he keep from be sweep away . he strug - gle to he foot and sloshes through knee - deep water to the base of the con tower . indy climb the ladder to the bridge of the con tower and look down . the water be rise toward he fast . indy climb the ladder to the top of the turret and brace he - self between the two upright there -- the 7 foot radio mast and the 20 foot periscope . still the ocean come up to meet he . soon the top of the turret be under water and the radio mast be disappear . indy shift he grip to the periscope , work he way up it and hang on for dear life as the ocean whip at he body . the periscope be quickly go under . indy hang on to the top three foot , all that remain above . the forward movement of the sub continue , but , to indy 's slowly dawn delight , the dive stop . no more of the periscope go under . indy smile ; it 's a pretty good smile , too , give the circumstance . indy pull out he bullwhip and begin tie himself to the periscope . 131 ext . the periscope - afternoon 131 the sun warm that part of he body indy have contrive to keep out of the water . the rest float out behind . indy be not comfortable , but all in all , it 's not as terrible as he might have fear . dissolve to : 132 ext . the periscope - dusk 132 it 's as terrible as indy might have fear . he look waste . Waterlogged and exhaust . the wet leather of the whip be contracting and he must struggle constantly to keep it from cut into he skin . dissolve to : 133 ext . the ocean - night 133 several shark fin cut the surface , appear and disap - pear in the bright moonlight . they be shadow -- 134 ext . the periscope - night 134 indy look through barely open eye at the shark run alongside . there be nothing to be do . his eye close . fade out . fade in : 135 ext . the periscope - night 135 the submarine have stop . the water be calm . the moon be bright . a gentle swell splashes indy awake . he blink , try to regain he sense . he make a inventory of he body . surprise to find himself intact , he spirit lift . some hide reserve of energy flow through he . he frees he aching arm from the wet leather of he whip , leave only one loop around he waist to hold he to the sub . he rub he hand and stretch . once again , he have survive . to fight again . he look around . what he sees . a lovely island . no sign of man 's presence . the sub have stop at the mouth of a wide cove completely ringed by tall white rock cliff . suddenly the sub begin to move again . it be head directly toward the center of the cliff . indy hold on , mystify , alert . when the cliff be very close , the sub begin to dive . indy damn ! he think hard . inspiration hit just before the water . indy flip he leather jacket up over he head and hold the jacket out in front of he . his head be hide by the jacket as he go under water . 136 int . the underwater tunnel - night 136 the sub enter a underwater tunnel that penetrate into the cliff . indy be hold to the periscope by he cross leg and the whip . his impromptu air bubble be work , but it 's a struggle to maintain it . the sub begin to cut through think marine vegetation . each dangle growth pull at indy 's body and slap at he leather bubble . now a clump of entwine seaweed rip the leather out of he hand and he bubble of air rise away . indy hang on , hold he breath , but the vegetation get denser . finally , it pull he off the periscope . the sub move on , disappear ahead . indy rise desperately through the dark water , he hand outstretch . then , almost simultaneously , hand and head hit solid rock . but no air . indy feel along the ceiling of rock . nothing . it 's all submerge . indy dive , stroking deep into the tunnel . when he have descend 15 foot , he grab a vine and steady himself . his eye search the dim roof of the tunnel . he see he last hope in the distance - - a small blue circle , a air pocket . he swim for it . in the air pocket , indy 's head break the surface and smashes into rock again . the pocket be only six inch deep . no matter . indy love it . he would like to move in . he gulp air . 137 int . the sub base - docking BAY 137 the wurrfler have arrive at a extraordinary base build in the hollow interior of the island . this chamber , with the docking bay , be almost all water . a huge natural cav - ern , it have be reinforce and enlarge by the Germans . the wurrfler sit surface at the dock . the ark have be unload and place on a cart . shliemann , belloq and marion have just disembarked and be meet by a Nazi contingent from the base . marion look worse for the trip . her white nightgown be now rip and smudge . one of the greeting Nazis , a tall captain , salute shlie - mann and belloq . as he speak to they , we notice that right behind this group , just above a great deal of sub unload activity , indy 's whip hang from the periscope . work Nazis pass within foot of it unaware ; the tall Captain would see it in a moment if he be not so focus on the new arrival . tall captain ( to belloq ) the tent have be arrange in accor - dance with you radioe instruction , sir . belloq good . we must take the ark there now . shliemann look a little unhappy about this exchange , but say nothing . the group move swiftly toward the end of a mine train arrangement . the train , consist of small , separate , electric - power car , sit on a track which disappear into a tunnel cut in the rock . on the turret of the wurrfler , the wurrfler 's Captain light a cigarette as he watch the mine train disappear , then return he attention to the activity on the dock . he lean idly against the periscope , he head two foot below indy 's dangle whip . something catch he eye , he yell a or - der and climb down from the turret to deal with the matter . we hold on the whip for a long moment , until its owner 's hand appear and quickly reclaim it . 138 int . train tunnel 138 the ark and its entourage be move slowly up the tight dark tunnel , they way light by intermittent lantern . the tunnel be irregular , but generally about 7 foot wide . it 's height vary from a average of about 7 foot to a low of only about 4.5 foot at the point ( every 40 foot ) where sup - port beam cross the track . the result be that there be only about a foot of clearance above the mine car at that point ; passenger must duck to keep from be hit in the head . shliemann , look worried , and belloq , very excited , be focus on the ark in the car ahead . shliemann I be uncomfortable with the think of this -- ( spitting it out ) -- jewish ritual . be you sure it 's necessary ? belloq ( play he ) let I ask you this -- would you be more comfortable open the ark in Berlin - - for the fuhrer - - and find out only they if the sacred piece of the covenant be inside ? know , only then , whether you have accom - plished you mission and obtain the one , true ark ? shliemann do not like any of he alternative . he look at belloq with some suspicion as the train come into bright light . 139 int . command CENTER 139 a second natural cavern , even bigger than the first , have be work over by the Germans into a rectangular , three - story high supply center around a huge , open , center court . uni - form Nazi Soldiers be everywhere , wrangle supplies and ammunition , monitoring electronic equipment . at the far end of the court , a second train tunnel disappear into the rock . across the open court , belloq see he destination : a large , brilliant white silk tent have be erect in the midst of all this hardware . it look incongruous , and more than a little eerie . it be the tabernacle . 140 int . train tunnel 140 indy be make he way up the tunnel . he hear car come from up ahead and step into the shadow . a mine car pass with several laugh Nazis . indy continue on he way . 141 int . the tabernacle 141 the light in here be lovely , unearthly . oil lamp burn . the tabernacle be really several concentric , silk tent , which create a flow maze effect . the innermost tent have at its center a 3 - foot high , tapestry - cover altar . belloq watch with gleam , obsessed eye as two Nazis carefully lift the actual ark out of its crate by mean of the long pole . the ark dazzle the eye , seem to glow gold in this strange light . the two Nazis place it carefully on the altar . shliemann and some aide hang back . marion be nowhere to be see . 142 int . command CENTER - end of tunnel 142 indy make a fast break from the shadow of the tunnel to the protection of a high stack of supplies . he climb the back of the stack , peek over and survey the area . what he sees . in addition to the tabernacle , the second train tunnel entrance , and all the activity , indy 's glance rest momentarily on a large , heavy metal door halfway down one wall toward the tabernacle . it bear the word , in german : danger - munition . indy continue to scan the scene . 143 int . the tabernacle 143 in the central area with the ark , shliemann and the other Nazis wait impatiently , eyeing the ark with some discom - fort . belloq be not visible , because at the moment he be -- in the fold of the tabernacle , the silk of the tent un - dulating around he . the light be even stranger , the scene almost dreamlike . with the help of the tall Captain , belloq let a extraordinary , gold - embroider , ceremonial robe fall over he head and onto he body . belloq look tran - ported , possess . the tall Captain unlatch a wooden case and take from it a sturdy ivory rod about 5 foot long , elab - orately engrave . belloq take it from he , turn and slip back through the silk . the tall Captain stay in the fold . back in the central area , shliemann and the other Nazis be take aback by belloq 's appearance in the robe . they ex - change look . from one knot of man there be mutter about " juden " and such , but when belloq turn a fiery gaze on they there be immediate silence . shliemann look uncertain in this presence . bellow approach the ark . he stop a few foot from it and begin murmure a invocation in Hebrew . after a few mo - ment of this he advance a step and be about to place the ivory rod in a notch under the lid of the ark itself . the end of the rod be a inch from the notch when -- indy step into the tabernacle . on he shoulder be a ba - zooka and it be aim directly at the ark. indy hold it . ( the Nazi react ) one move from anybody and I blow that box back to mose . shliemann make it clear to the other Nazis that indy be to be obey . belloq Jones , you persistence surprise even I . you be go to give mercenary a bad name . indy what about you ? talk to God yet ? ( belloq 's eye flash ) where 's the girl ? shliemann Doctor Jones , surely you do not think you can escape from this base . indy that depend on how reasonable we be all willing to be . all I want be the girl . we will keep possession of the ark only till we have get safe transport to England . then it 's all you . shliemann if we refuse ? indy then the ark and some of we be go - ing up in a big bang . I do not think Hitler would like that a bit . now I do not want to talk about this any - more . show I that girl in five second or -- the tall Captain fly out of the silk and take indy down by the neck . the bazooka clatter across the cement floor as two other Nazis help subdue indy . the three Nazis take indy 's pistol from he holster and raise he roughly in they grasp . shliemann Jones , this be the second time I have see you look very foolish . indy it 's a bad habit . I be try to break it . shliemann draw he luger . shliemann I will help you . this time I will kill you myself . shliemann raise the pistol . belloq no ! not in the presence of the ark ! take he outside . shliemann eye belloq , then the ark . he lower the pistol , motion for the Nazis to take indy out ahead of he . they stop a moment only when belloq speak . belloq Indiana Jones , I salute you . I be even a little sorry you will miss this moment . indy thanks . if you talk to him , tell him I be on my way up . shliemann motion they out and follow . belloq turn back to the ark , raise the ivory rod . 144 int . command CENTER 144 shliemann , the tall Captain , indy and the two Nazis hold - ing he emerge from the tabernacle . shliemann point to a nearby wall and the group start that way with shlie - mann and the tall Captain slightly ahead . 145 int . the tabernacle 145 belloq have the ivory rod insert in the notch under the lid of the ark . he utter a short phrase in Hebrew and begin to press down on he end of the rod . the lid of the ark begin to lift . it 's difficult work . belloq put he whole weight into one big press on he end and the lid open two foot . Inside the ark of the covenant be a preview of the end of the world . a light so bright , a power so fearsome , a charge so jolting , that there be nothing in we world to compare to it . it 's as though this magnificent golden box have be gather electric energy for three thousand year , wait for just this crack of the lid to release it all in one fast , cleanse explosion of pure force . blind arc of light shoot out across the tabernacle instantly kill all the Nazis inside and turn the white silk to flame . but it be belloq in he obsession who take the full blast . his whole body seem light by a million volt current and , for amoment , he complete form be white , then blue , then maybe green , but it be hard to tell because we eye be blind now too . two aspect of this ghastly , beautiful display be somehow communicate in the chaos , although the communication be subliminal . first , that belloq , in the instant of he destruction , have experience some kind of sublime , transcendental knowledge . if a death 's - head can smile and look satisfied , that be how belloq 's incandescent face would be describe . secondly , this event be accompany by a sound like no other . a sound so intense and so odd and so haunt that the suggestible among we might im - agine it be the whisper of god. 146 int . command CENTER 146 choas . shliemann and the tall Captain have be tempo - rarily blind by the light from the tabernacle . indy make short work of he two escort . he bashes they head together . when only one go down at this , indy use the handle of he bullwhip , which have appear in - stantly in he hand , to put the second one down . shliemann , hand on he eye , aim he luger blindly at the scuffle . indy push the tall Captain at shliemann , who fire on impact , kill the tall Captain . indy knock out shliemann . behind indy , the brilliant light and weird noise of the ark have suddenly cease , but the tabernacle be ablaze and the fire have quickly apread to stack of supplies on either side . smoke be already start to fill the cavern . Nazis be run around , yell for firefight water . a burn crate at the side of the tabernacle be push over , only to knock over a drum of heavy black oil . a river of flame shoot across the cement . indy grab a rifle with bayonet from the prostrate body of one of he former escort and run back into the flame tabernacle . 147 int . the tabernacle 147 indy jump through the flame into what be now a tent of fire . he look around at the dead body , then at the ark . the lid have slam down shut again and the ark shine gold in the flame . before it , where belloq once stand , be a pile of ash and char debris . indy register this , then continue to scan the scene . indy marion ! marion , can you hear I ? suddenly , indy look as -- the far side of the tabernacle burn completely away , be - vealing marion , tie spread - eagle between two upright post . her nightgown be now in tatter , black with soot . she be gag , but she eye be scream , focus on the flame river of black oil which be about to engulf she foot . indy rush toward she , unaware of a uniform Nazi who have appear from the flame . marion look up to see indy and the Nazi leveling he submachine gun at indy . she motion desperately with she eye . indy dive and roll through the flame just as the Nazi open fire . from the floor , indy blast the Nazi . the river of burn oil be only a foot from marion . indy jump up and run toward the bound marion , he bayo - net aim directly at she . her wide eye flash between the flame and the shine balde . ecpertly , indy slashes down both side at marion , cut all four binding . Mar - ion fall backwards , away from the flame , but before she hit the ground , indy be there , catch she in he arm . they embrace . they kiss . they break . indy hi. marion oh , indy ! thank god you be here . indy glad I could make it . indy rise , pull she up with he . the tabernacle be burn away so fast that soon indy and marion will be completely expose . indy rush over and grab the sub - machine gun and a luger from the dead Nazi . indy let 's get out of here . marion what about the ark ? ondy stop , startle by she spunky attitude . he 's con - sidering they change . indy be you game ? marion Hell yes ! we have make it this far . indy ( grin at she ) okay . let 's do it . they approach the altar through the die flame , indy slinging the submachine gun over hsi back . the long carry pole be still in place . indy whatever you do , do not touch it . let 's put it on the floor . marion nod . each take a end with the pole , they lift the ark from the altar and lower it to the floor . marion grunt under the weight . indy register this , hand she the submachine gun . he pull out hsi whip , motion she back , and sweep the whip tightly around the body of the ark . the fall wrap snugly around the plait and indy tie it off . the ark be now harness to the whip handle . indy give it a experimental pull and the ark slide across the smooth cement . indy indicate the direction of the second train tunnel . indy we will go down that side . shoot any - one who look at we crossey . 148 int . command CENTER 148 two huge stack of goods be ablaze and the Nazis be have trouble get water to they . the Nazis main concern at this point be a enormous , neat stack of wooden cartridge box which be pile down the wall from one of the already blaze , and now teeter , stack of general goods . ner - vous Nazis be move the heavy cartridge box as fast as they can , but it 's slow work and the threaten fire be close . indy and marion make they way along the side of the center court , indy grimace with the strain of pull the ark . one Nazi stop directly in front of they , look at they queerly . indy knock he out with the butt of he luger just as marion be about to fire . out in the court , shliemann have regain he eyesight . now he crouch , scan the scene desperately for indy . he look into the remain of the tabernacle and spot the empty altar . Beyond it , the unoccupy post where marion be bound . at the entrance to the second train tunnel , indy and marion struggle to lift the ark into a mine car . marion have the submachine gun sling over she back . the ark drop heavily into the bottom of the car . the noise attract the attention of five water - carry Nazis . they see what 's go on and reach for they side - arm . indy grab marion , pull she in front of he -- as though to use she as a shield -- and flip the submachine gun , still on she back , toward the Nazis . he open fire , turn marion 's body so he can mow all five down . shliemann spin around and look at the tunnel entrance . he point at indy and marion , who have just hop into the mine car with the ark. shliemann stop they ! kill they ! a dozen Nazis spin and look at the mine car . marion be just leveling the submachine gun . indy push forward the throttle and the mine car move toward the tunnel , pick up speed . as the Nazis raise they gun to fire , marion and indy both open up , pepper the area with lead . as the mine car be about to disappear into the tunnel -- indy ( to marion ) get down ! as the car disappear , bullet pock the entrance of the tunnel . shliemann run up with three Nazis . they jump into the next mine car and take off , disappear into the tunnel . over at the burn stack of goods , some terrify fire - fighter scurry away as the burn pile of general goods fall over onto the stack of cartridge box . the wooden box immediately start burn . many of the Nazis just want to get out of there , but a couple of discipline of - ficer be try to salvage the situation . they point to the far side of the court , the wall be line with oil and gas drum . officer we must cover the drum ! protect they from the bullet ! 149 intercutting indy and marion with shliemann and the Nazis , we see a most extraordinary pursuit . this tunnel be of identical design to the first , except more twisty . this early section go slightly uphill , as though head for the summit of a rollercoaster . the low cross beam and the higher section in between be cause the Nazis to alternately stand and duck in they effort to get a clear shot at the lead car . one german time it wrong and get whacked . indy in unhappy with the speed of he car and he 's right , the Nazis be move faster and gain . when both car be in the same high section , the Nazis blast away at they . the noise be deafen , with bark gun , splintering rock , and twanging ricochet contribute to the din . as marion fire a return volley low over the ark , indy kick at the throttle , convinced it be jamme . 150 int . command CENTER 150 the officer be direct the placement of every move - able item in front of the oil drum . desk , crate , chair , food , all be heape in front of the fuel . all the worker cast frequent nervous glance back at the burn cartridge box across the court . suddenly the worst begin to hap - pen at the cartridge box . hundred of thousand of live cartridge begin explode , fly around the court like shrapnel . hot lead begin to zing off the expose fuel drum , leave big dent . 151 int . train tunnel - long straightaway 151 the car with indy and marion look almost sluggish com - pare to the pursue Nazi car as they both make they way into a usually long straightaway . marion discard she empty submachine gun as indy kick at he throttle and cast a worried look back at shliemann . shliemann , sense victory , smile evilly and carefully take aim . indy and marion will be easy target until they reach that approach low cross beam , which be the crest of the rise tunnel . 152 int . command CENTER - close on fuel drum 152 a fuel drum , already pock by bullet be finally pene - trate by high velocity hot lead . it explode in a ball of flame . and then its neighbor . then all be explode flame . 153 int . train tunnel - long straightaway 153 shliemann and he cohort hear the explosion behind they and look back that way . indy kick the throttle one more time and it go ! they car double its speed and shoot under the low cross beam at the same instant as -- a huge dragon of all - consume fire shoot up the tunnel behind the Nazis , catch they car and incinerate shliemann and he man . the tunnel collapse in this section , bury the fry Nazis forever . 154 int . train tunnel 154 indy and marion look back at the low cross beam as the last tongue of flame make it there and then be douse by fall rock and dirt . they look at each other , then turn they attention back to they own predicament . they mine car be go incredible fast as it move into a downward section of wildly twist tunnel . marion slow it down ! indy be already pull the throttle . it move easily . unfortunately , it be no longer attach to the motor . the mine car be out of control . after several moment , far ahead , appear a circle of bright daylight -- the end of the tunnel ! it approach at a frightening rate . indy reach out and grasp marion 's hand . they exchange look and then turn to look ahead . there Pov . we be take this last stretch with they . it 's a familiar nightmare . it have to do with a rollercoaster that end suddenly and disastrously . the shocking bright - ness of sunlight rush up to engulf we , blind we in its glare . 155 ext . the island - end of track , dock 155 High up on the slope of the island , indy and marion 's mine car shoot out of the black tunnel and roar down toward a little dock at the end of the track . a small Nazi transport launch , carefully disguise as a Greek fishing boat , sit bob by the dock . the only human : a Nazi sentry dress as a Greek peasant . he be perch on a pile of seed bag which be stack at the very end of the train track . as the mine car barrel noisily down toward he , he throw away some burlap to reveal a mount machine gun which he spin quickly around toward the approach mine car . he open fire . in the out -of-control mine car , indy pull marion down with he . they be squash into the corner try to avoid con - tact with the bounch ark . bullet clang against the out - side of the car and whiz inch overhead . indy and marion be force into a tighter and tighter embrace of life . at the machine gun post , the Nazi sentry have be fire like crazy , but now there be terror in he eye . he realize the car be not go to stop . he lack faith in he stronghold . too late . the mine car smashes into the seed bag bunker . and right on through . the Nazi sentry , he machine gun and a dozen burst seed bag be slam into the ocean in a wild , hurtle mass . the mine car jump , bounce and spin around , then slide to a stop in a cloud of seed at the edge of the water . 156 int . command CENTER 156 fire. everywhere . no sign of life . a large gape door - way , flame ringing it , blaze into the room beyond . hang - ing by one hinge there , its metal blast and jag , be a heavy door with the sign lettering , in german , danger - munition . the first explosion happen . it 's a baby compare to what 's come yet be rock the earth . it 's terrible . and then , almost immediately , another . the long , irregular , ever - larger chain of explosion begin . 157 ext . the island - various shot - day 157 the island rumble and shake . from fissure and small natural cave , dirt and rock shoot out like spraying water . still the explosion continue . a huge chuck of white cliff fall away into the turbulent sea . bird scream and soar , afraid to land . finally , we settle on a full shot of the island . we can recognize that the small open high on the slope from which a cloud of smoke and dust be billow be the end of the mine tunnel . and there below it , quite small from this distance be the dock . and the boat that look like a Greek fishing boat . there can be no mistake even from this far away -- the boat be chugge out to sea . 158 int . the pentagon - day 158 indy , brody , and marion , look very stylish , be seat in Colonel musgrove 's huge office . Sun pour in a window , through which Washington can be see sparkling across the potomac . everything be neat and clean and regular . in - clude the three man who be array around the office . two we know -- Col. musgrove and maj. eaton . the third be a unnamed bureaucrat . he hang back , smile and genial , he feature obscure by the glare of the window . he do not say anything , yet you have a sense that the other defer to he in the matter at hand . he be the essence of all that be byzantine and inscrutable in we scrubbed government machine . indy and brody be dissatisfied with the way the meeting have go . marion , on the other hand , be very happy and eager to get out of there . eaton 's manner be irritatingly cheery . musgrove you have do you country a great service . eaton -- and we trust you find the settle - ment satisfactory ? marion quite . eaton good , good . ( glance around at the other ) then I guess that about do it . brody when can we have the ark ? eaton 's glance flick over to the mysterious bureaucrat , then back to brody . eaton I think we answer that . it 's someplace very safe -- indy ( heat ) that 's a powerful force . Research should be do -- eaton oh , it will be , Dr. Jones , I assure you . we have top man work on it right now . indy who ? eaton top man . indy exchange a look with brody . indy we may be able to help . eaton we appreciate that . and we will not hesitate to call on you . musgrove ( dismiss they ) thank you all . thank you again . indy look they over coldly . he get up , sullen . 159 ext . pentagon step - day 159 indy , brody and marion emerge from the building . brody bid they farewell and move off in another direction . marion cling to indy 's arm in a energetic , very feminine way , scolding he . marion -- well they be not go to tell you , so why do not you just forget it . I would think you would have enough of that damn ark . just put you mind on something else . indy stop , look across the river , he mind occupy . indy yeah , like what ? marion make a face , then put she arm around he neck and plant a humdinger of a kiss on he mouth . it go on a while . finally they break . indy it 's not the ark ... but it will have to do . they move down the step , smile . 160 int . government warehouse 160 the ark of the covenant sit in a wooden crate . a wooden lid come down and hide it from view . the lid be solidly nail to the crate as we read the stencile message on top -- top secret army intel . # 9906753 do not OPEN ! the hammer be complete and hand shift the heavy crate onto a dolly . the end credit roll as we see -- a Little Old government warehouseman begin push the crate ark down as aisle . soon we see that the aisle be form by huge stack or crate . they come in many shape and size , but when it come right down to it , they all look like the one that hold the ark . all have marking like the message we have just see . pretty soon we be far enough and high enough away from the Little Old government warehouseman to see that this be one of the biggest room in the world . and it be full . crates and crate . all look alike . all gather dust . and then we notice that the Little Old government ware - houseman , push he new crate ahead of he , have turn into another aisle and disappear from view . fade out . the end this script be find in inflow . it be shameless take off from somewhere else , may god , copyright owner and people who work hard and be not credit forgive we .