indiana jone and the temple of doom story by : GEORGE luca screenplay by : willard huyck and gloria katz tm * &amp ; ( c ) lucasfilm Ltd. , 1984 -------------- fade in : 1 . int . " the dragon " nightclub - night 1 . a chinese go sound and the glitter door of a art Deco pa - poda slide open to reveal a mammoth silver stairway down which row of beautiful woman start descend ( begin MAIN title ) the lovely lady be a mix of race and they sing a strange , haunt melody -- one might think they a heavenly choir , if it be not for they sexy , cling lame gowns . 2 . int . club entrance 2 . from the ethereal beauty , we cut to a street urchin 's dirty face : short round be a ten-year - old chinese kis wear a beat - up american baseball cap . sneak into the club , short round weave past the fancy gowns and silk suit , head toward the music in the main ballroom . 3 . int . the ballroom 3. short round enter and stare across the smoky nightclub . on the stage , he see a giant paper - mache dragon lay curl around the pagoda . now , the dragon 's eye light up , its nostril exhale smoke and its enormous jaw open . out of the dragon 's mouth walk the star of the stage show : willie scott , a dreamy beauty sing a sultry solo white the or- chestra wail the accompaniment . but short round 's not here to ogle croon dame . he survey the rich chinese , american and european reveler . jewel flash and champagne flow . short round finally spot a table of somber- look chinese man in suit . short round chew gum and stare at the man . then he turn to go . wu han , a waiter with a scar across he cheek , watch short round leave . 4 . int . club entrance 4. as short round hurry toward the exit , he bump into a man in a tuxedo enter the club . short round look up at the man , but we do not see he face . then short round be grab by the scruff of he neck and a door - man hustle he out the door , short round yell insult all the way . a maitre d' apologize to the man in the tuxedo and two hat - check girl smile at he familiarly as he continue into the ballroom . we notice something incongruous : the man in the tuxedo be wear - ing work boot cake with mud . 5 . int . the ballroom 5 . the man in the tuxedo stop to watch Willie Scott sing sexily on the stage . then he look around and see the table of somber chinese man that short round spot earlier . as the man in the tuxedo walk toward the table , he remove a cigarette from a silver case . he arrive at the table just as the chorus and orchestra reach a crescendo -- and on the stage , a glisten , muscular slave swing a huge ham - mer toward a enormous brass go -- the man in the tuxedo lean to receive a light from a cigarette - girl and , as the go boom , the match flare to reveal he face for the first time : it 's indiana jone . elegant in a tuxedo -- dress to kill . the title end and over this a legend appear on the screen : shanghai - 1935 at the table , the four chinese man in suit stare coldly at indi - ana . lao Dr. Jones . indiana Lao she . lao nee chin lie how mar ? Lao 's man laugh and assume that indy do not understand he joke . indiana wah hang how , nee nah ? wah hwey hang jing chee jah loo nee kao soo wah shu shu . lao she look angry and he man 's smile fade . lao you never tell I you speak my language , Dr. Jones . indiana I do not like to show off . Indiana take a seat across the table from shanghai 's notorious crime - lord . Lao be fifty , wealthy enough to now display some fat , but still muscular from he fight to the top of the garbage heap . lao for this special occasion , I order champagne and caviar . Indiana look at the pile of caviar on the plate in front of he -- and stub he cigarette out in it . the cigarette sizzle and Lao 's smile die with it . there 's applause as wille Scott finish she song . at the table , Lao stare at Indiana with a strange intensity . lao so , it be true , Dr. Jones ? you find nurhachi ? indiana sure , I find he . then last night I have a little trouble . somebody try to slit my throat . Indiana look across the table at Lao 's son , chen , who resemble a bulldog and snarl like one now . indiana ( cont would ) it be dark , but I think one of you son try to get nurhachi without pay for he . indy stare pointedly at chen 's recently bandage hand . chen mutter and stand angrily -- Lao bark a command in chinese and chen sit down again . lao you have insulted my son . indiana next time I will cut off more than he finger . lao Dr. Jones -- I want nurhachi . Lao pull a wad of cash out of he pocket and put it on the table . Indiana glance at it . indiana as I recall the deal be consid - erably more . now a pretty hand slip onto Lao 's shoulder and he look up to see Willie Scott . Lao kiss she hand . Willie be unaware of the explosive mood at the table and she smile flirtaciously at indi - ana . willie ( to Lao ) be not you go to introduce we ? lao this be Willie scott. ( watch indy ) and this be Indiana Jones , the famous archaeologist . Willie sit down between Lao and indy . she take out a small mirror to check she make -up . lao ( cont would ) Dr. Jones find nurhachi for I and be about to deliver he -- now . Lao nod across the table and indy see kao kan , Lao 's second son , open he coat and remove a silver - plate pistol . Indiana look worried . Willie do not notice as she fix she make - up and coyly tease Indiana . willie well -- I think archaeologist be always funny little man search for they mummy -- ( yelping ) aaahhh ! she look down terrify at the knife indy be poke against she rib . wille ( cont would ) I be only kid , can not you take a joke -- ? ( to Lao ) Lao , he 's get a knife ! indiana put the gun away , sonny . kao kan glance at he father . Lao finally nod to he son and he slip the pistol back into he pocket . indiana now I suggest you pay I what you promise -- or you girlfriend here be go to be squealing a new tune . the ritzy patron at the table nearby be unaware of the tawdry drama quietly unfold at this table . Willie eye the blade and whimper . she look imploringly at Lao and he slowly reach into he pocket . he put ten gold coin next to the cash on the table . indy lean forward to look at the gold coin -- so intently that he fail to notice kao kan spilling some powder into indy 's cham - pagne glass ! indiana try again Lao -- the deal be more . the knife poke Willie and she whimper again . Lao reach into another pocket and bring out a fold piece of rice paper -- he open it and a large diamond and ruby spill out onto the table . indiana ( cont would ) bingo ... you see , Lao , with a but of persuasion , even you can be a honest fellow . indy smile and jab the knife into the middle of the table . then he lift he champagne glass in a toast to Lao -- who watch expectantly as Indiana move the glass toward he lip -- suddenly Willie stand angrily , jostling indy 's arm so that he do not drink he champagne . willie look at this ! he put a hole in my dress from Paris ! Lao see indy put he champagne glass down and he snarl at wil - lie -- lao sit down ! Willie quickly obey . Lao force a smile at indy and lift he glass to seal the deal -- lao ( cont would ) to you health , Dr. Jones . Lao sip hs champagne and watch hopefully as indy pick up he glass and this time indy do drink the champagne . then he reach for the cash -- but chen grin and put a silver snuff bottle next to the cash , gold and jewel -- he tip the little bottle over and some white powder spill out of it -- indiana what 's that ? lao a bonus , Dr. Jones . that be poison . you just drank the rest of it . Indiana examine he champagne glass and see a residue at the bottom of it . he swallow and feel sick , wonder it it 's fear or the poison already take effect . lao ( cont would ) there be a antidote for this poison . you give I nurhachi -- I give you the antidote . Indiana be sweat . Willie look at he and see indy 's hand shaking . lao ( cont would ) the poison work fast , Dr. Jones . where be nurhachi ? Indiana finally reach into he pocket . next to the cash , gold , jewel and poison , Indiana set down a beautiful small box . Lao and he man stare hypnotically at the exquisite gold and enamel box . willie ( nervously ) this nurhachi 's a very small guy . nobody pay any attention to she as Lao reach for the box . indiana Inside be the remain of nur - hachi -- the first Emperor of the manchu dynasty . Lao open the box carefully and stare reverently at the grey powder inside . indiana ( cont would ) now what about the antidote , Lao . lao ( hold the box ) at last I have the ash of my sacred ancestor ! willie so , what 's the big deal ? let I see it -- qillie grab Lao 's arm and some of the precious ash spill out of the gold box . stun by this desecration of he ancestor , Lao grab Willie by the wrist and twist she arm -- lao you fool ! willie ow , you be hurt I , you miser - able little hood ! indiana let go of she , Lao . and give I the antidote . Lao just laugh evilly -- until a waiter move up behind Lao and the crimelord suddenly stiffen . he let go of Willie 's wrist and raise he hand off the table . chen stop collect the money and jewel . kao kan tense and indy smile at Wu han , the chinese waiter with the scar , who be stand behind Lao . Wu han have a towel over he hand -- under it , he have a pistol press against Lao 's spine . indiana ( cont would ) ( smile at Wu han ) I like the service here . willie ( puzzle ) hey , he 's not a waiter ... indiana no , Wu han 's a old friend I bring along . ( to Lao ) so , the game 's not over . put the antidote on the table , Lao . Lao carefully reach into he pocket and put a small glass vial of liquid next to the cash , gold , jewel , poison and sacred box . indy look relieved as he reach for the vial of antidote -- then he hear a muffle report ! and another ! Wu han groan and sway . indy start to stand but chen immedi - ately turn the smoking pistol with the silencer that he use to kill Wu han -- indy see it point at he now and he remain in he seat . kao kan stand and grab Wu han , ease the phoney waiter into the chair he just vacate . the muffle shoot have not attract any attention . the nightclub activity continue a indy speak emotionally to he die friend . indiana Wu han -- listen to I -- I be go to get you out of here . in pain , Wu han look at indy and struggle to speak -- wu han not this time , my friend ... ( smile bravely ) I follow you on many adventure -- but into the great unknown mystery , I go first , indy ... Wu han die and slump forward . Indiana be shattered by the death of he old friend . lao do not be sad , Dr. Jones -- you will soon join he . indy 's gaze shift from he dead friend to Lao 's sneering face . then indy see the murderous chen giggle perversely . indy 's anger be compound by the poison burn in he gut and he vis - ion of chen 's ugly face blur into a double image -- indy stand up unsteadily . chen assume he 's about to keel over from the poison -- but indy suddenly turn and grab a real wai - ter at another table . the waiter hold a long skewer of roast pigeon that he 's just set afire -- indy grab the skewer of pigeon flambee and hurl be across the table ! chen fire and miss -- and scream as the skewer stab into he chest and the burn pigeon flame in front of he hor - rified face ! this the other table definitely notice . there be scream and all hell break loose . Indiana shove past Willie and reach for the vial on the table -- indiana the antidote -- ! but he 's grab from behind by kao kan . indy elbow the punk , reach back and grab he head -- and somersault kao kan onto the table ! as nubmer two son crash into the table , the impact send the Emperor nurhachi 's ash billow into Lao 's stricken face ! Indiana yell as he see the vial of antidote roll across the table -- and fall ! Indiana dive and catch the antidote just before it hit the floor -- then indy 's hand be brutally stomp on by one of Lao 's henchmen and the vial roll away . Indiana angrily raise he head , smash it up into the hench - man 's groin -- the man howl like a banshee and hobble away . meanwhile , Willie watch Lao grab for cash from the table . Willie lunge past the pigeon-skewered chen to snatch the jewel , but unfortunately kao kan knock they off the table as he leap to attack indy . Indiana scramble on he hand and knee after the roll vial . people keep kick it -- he almost have it when Willie run into he , trip and land on she back . indiana look out , damn it , I need that antidote ! willie who care ? where 's that diamond ! gunfire explode and they both scramble in different direction . indy dive through the flee nightclub patron and slide be - hind a water - spew fountain . Water kick up as indy be shot at by Lao and he henchmen . indy see the vial of antidote kick again and it spin across the marble floor -- feel the poison , indy shake he head groddily and splashes water on he face . meanwhile , Willie be chase she diamond , shove through the panicked crowd . she spot the diamond ! another elegantly dress soman be bend to pick it up -- willie ( acidly polite ) Excuse I , but I believe that 's my diamond ! Willie smile and suddenly kick the woman in the butt ! Willie reach to get the diamond but not before the other woman tackle she . behind the fountain , Indiana make a break -- he run and dive on top of a serve cart . the wheeled cart hurtle toward a un - suspect gunman , crash into he from behind and send he fly head first into a row of ice bucket . nearby , Willie slug the other lady in the jaw and grab for the elusive diamond just as the ice bucket shower ice across the floor -- which camouflage the diamond ! willie aw nut ! search desperately for the jewel , Willie see the vial of antidote spin across the floor -- as it slide by , she grab it . indiana ( o.s. ) hey , doll ! do not move ! she see indy speed by atop the serve cart . Lao and he gunman rush out to block the way . indy roll off the cart and slide behind a pot palm as Lao 's man open fire again . indiana ( cont would ) ( shouting to Willie ) hey , do not go away ! I need that ! Willie smile meanly as she slip the vial down the front of she dress , thumb she nose at Indiana and walk away . indiana ( cont would ) if I be not die , I would kill she ... hiding behind the palm tree , Indiana look around and spot a gi - ant statue at the side of the stage . indy make a break for it . as the gunman open fire , indy spring onto a chair -- jump onto a table -- and leap onto the stage . he grab the golden broad - sword from the chinese warrior statue ! as bullet smash into the statue , Indiana hide behind it . then he jump out and swing the large sword toward the enormous brass go . the crimson cord hold the go be slashed ! indy sling the sword at he assailant and give the three - meter-high go a helpful shove -- the giant go roll and echoe as it crash down the marble step . Indiana duck behind it as it gain momentum and roll across the dance floor . use the go as a enormous shield , indy evade the gunfire ex - ploding -- bullet ricochet off the roll brass go as indy run behind it . ahead , Willie hurry toward a exit -- she hear something and turn -- she eye go wide as she see the mammoth go bear down on she ! Willie yell as Indiana grab she arm and pull she behind the go with he -- Lao watch amaze as he and he gunman dodge table try to get better fire position -- and more henchmen come into the club now and start fire machine gun ! as bullet clang against the go , Indiana and Willie run behind it . Willie holler as they head directly for a tower , floor - to-ceil window ! Indiana grab Willie around the waist and , after the huge go crash through the stain - glass window , they both fly after it ! 6 . ext . " the dragon " nightclub - night 6 . in a shower of sparkling glass , the enormous go sail out and crash down a sloping green-tile roof . Indiana Jones and wil - lie Scott hurtle into the night air after it ! the go roll down the roof and they hit the tile behind it , Indiana hold onto Willie as they roll one - over - the-other toward the edge -- Willie scream as they fall into thin air ! they entwine body plummet three storey : rip through a third - floor awning , crash through a old man 's mattress on a second - floor balcony -- finally they smash through the convertible top of a park duesen - berg and fall into the back seat ! 7 . int . the duesenberg 7 . Willie sit up wide - eye , speechless and amaze to be alive . then she see a equally astonished short round look at they from the front seat . short round wow ! Holy smoke ! crash landing ! indiana step on it , short round ! short round okey doke , indy ! hold onto you potato ! the twelve - year- old chinese kid turn he baseball cap bill - backwards and step on the gas ! the tire squeal as the car roar off -- willie for cry out loud , a kid 's driv - ing the car ?! indiana relax , I have be give he lesson . 8 . ext . the nightclub - night 8 . the duesenberg race past the entrace to the nightclub as Lao and he man rush out and jump into two black sedan . the sedan screech off in pursuit of the duesenberg . 9 . int . the duesenberg 9 . as short round eagerly swerve around a corner , Willie hold on for dear life . Indiana suddenly put he hand down the front of Willie 's dress -- willie listen , we just meet for crissake ! I be not that kind of gril ! indiana do not get you hope up -- where 's the antidote ? Indiana withdraw he hand , have finally find the vial . he open be quickly , tip the vial to he lip and grimace as he swallow the stuff . willie you do not look very good . indiana poison never agree with I . ( shouting forward ) pull a right , short round , and head for the wang poo bridge ! short round check ! gotcha ! as the car accelerate , indy peer out the back window at they pursuer . Willie notice she reflection in the side window -- willie look at what you have do to I ! I be a mess ! my lipstick 's smear , I break two nail , I have get a aw - ful run in my stock -- ! gunfire suddenly explode , bullet whizz through the canvas top and the rear window shatter and spray glass ! Willie duck and cringe terrify in the corner -- indiana somehow I think you have get bigger problem . indy grab he shoulder bag and pull a pistol out of it . he poke the gun through the break window and start fire back at they pursuer -- then he turn and look ahead . indiana ( cont would ) there , Shorty ! through the tunnel ! through the window we see the car racing into a tunnel . light from the pursue car flash through the rear window and gunfire echoe in the tunnel . willie what be we go to do ?! where be we go ?! indiana the airport ... no , look out , short round ! Left , leave ! indy reach over the front seat and help short round navigate . 10 . ext . a shanghai square - night 10 . the duesenberg tear around the square , follow by Lao 's two se - dan . people on the street dive for cover -- cooly pull rickshaw go into hyper - jov -- lantern span the street crash down and be drag behind the duesenberg . bullet exlode and amaze prostitute watch the car zoom past . 11 . int . the duesenberg - night 11 . the chaotic chase continue -- bullet whine past and the shred - ded convertible top whip in the wind . indiana ( shouting ) you get the ticket , short round ? short round sure , indy -- three ticket ! you , I and Wu han -- Shorty throw a envelope back and indy look at the three ticket . indiana ( sadly ) Wu han 's not come , Shorty . unaware of what happen at the club , short round think a mo - ment . short round do not worry , indy . short round number one bodyguard now ! Willie reach for the extra ticket . willie I will take the extra ticket . ( grab it from indy ) where 's this plane go anyway ? indiana siam . willie siam ? but I be not dress for siam ... 12 . ext . country highway - night 12 . leave behind the squalid port , the duesenberg fly along the highway through the tree . in a moment , Lao 's two sedan race by . 13 . ext . nang tao airfield - night 13 . the duesenberg swing around a curve and skid through gravel to - ward the airfield . in the distance there be a small terminal but short round wheel the car toward the cargo area -- a two -engine passenger plane be revving its motor and the last passenger be board . the duesenberg squeal to a stop and indy jump out with Willie and short round right on he heel . a contingent of airport military Police move to bar they way until weber , a heavy - set englishman , run up pufffing and shout - ing . weber no , no , they be all right ! let they through please . indiana thanks , weber . weber Dr. Jones , this be positively the last time we airline can hold a plane for you . now you must hurry ! while short round grab a small bag out of the car , weber and a stewardess take they ticket and rush they all toward the air - plane . meanwhile , the two sedan skid to a stop and Lao and he son kao kan jumpsout with they henchmen . the puzzle military police advance on they usspiciously -- realizing he 's outnumber , Lao instruct he man to stay back and to put away they weapon . 14 . ext . the airplane 14 . Willie and short round charge up the ladder and onto the plane . indy pause at the top of the step to give Lao a cocky farewell salute . indy board the plane and the co-pilot slam the door . 15 . ext . the airfield 15 . the plane start taxiing . by the car , Lao be buffete by the prop wash as he angrily watch the plane roll away . behind Lao , he son , kao kan , stare at the plane take off -- a look on kao kan 's face indicate that he have not give up yet ... the plane lift off the airfield , silhouett against the cloud and the first light of dawn . CUT to : 16 . ext . the dky - morning 16 . the sun flash above the horizon and the plane bank through white billow cloud at it head west . 17 . int . the plane 17 . a door open at the rear of the plane and Indiana Jones exit wear more familiar attire : a beat - up leather jacket over a khaki shirt and a snap-brim hat . he pass a dozen passenger as he move up the aisle carry he roll - up tuzedo . in the first row , Willie be busy fix she make -up . Shorty sit in the seat across the aisle from she . indy come up and drop he tuxedo onto the floor . Willie see he hook he coiled bullwhip over a coat-peg . willie so , what be you suppose to be , a lion tamer ? indiana since I be nice enough to let you tag along , why do not you give you mouth a rest ? okay , doll ? indy pat she leg -- she remove he hand and reach down and pick up he tuxedo coat . she slip it on . willie I be freezing . what do you mean , tag along ? from the minute you walk into that nightclub , you have not be able to keep you eye off I . indiana oh yeah ? he smile and tip he hat down over he eye to go to sleep ... 18 . int . the cockpit 18 . at the same moment , the chinese co-pilot tip he hat up off he eye -- and look scared to death ! he exclaim in chinese -- CO - pilot ( * subtitle * ) good lord ! he and the pilot see two biplane materialize out of the cloud and dive directly toward they ! suddenly , machine gunfire erupt ! pilot ( * subtitle ) dive for the cloud ! dive ! 19 . ext . the sky - day 19 . the DC - 3 bank into the cloud as the two biplane attack . in the back seat of the first biplane , we see kao kan watch the DC - 3 like a hawk about to bring down a sparrow . 20 . int . the cockpit 20 . the biplane swoop past both side of the plane and burst of gunfire rip along the fuselage . CO - pilot ( * subtitle ) they hit a fuel line ! pilot ( * subtitle * ) reduce speed -- get everyone out of the plane ! 21 int . the passenger cabin 21 . as the air battle rage , the passenger be toss about and some start scream . short round peer out a window . short round Lao send plane to kill indy ! Willie shake indy 's arm but he continue snore under he hat . willie wake up ! it 's the drug he drank to stop the poison -- the cockpit door burst open and the chinese co-pilot exit to make a announcement -- he smile and speak in chinese , then he smile and speak in french -- Willie look lose until the chinese co-pilot smile again and speak in english -- CO - pilot please to remain calm . we start pass out parachute now -- the co-pilot hurry toward the rear . Willie look petrify as a stewardess rush up and hand she a parachute . willie you get to be kid ! no ! no , I can not ! the pilot hurry out of the cockpit and grab he parachute as he head toward the back . willie ( cont would ) wait -- who 's fly the plane ?! she open the door to the cockpit -- willie ( cont would ) nobody 's fly the plane ... 22 . ext . the sky - day 22 . the DC - 3 smoke through the cloud . passenger be bail out -- parachute billow . as one of the fighter swoops through the parachute , kao kan search the face -- then he point at the DC - 3 . kao kan ( into the radio ) Jones ! Indiana Jones ! the two plane roar off and start strafing the DC - 3 again . 23 . int . the passenger cabin 23 . the co-pilot have a parachute on and be try to get short round into one . CO - pilot put it on ! what 's wrong with you ? you have get to jump ! short round no , can not leave indy ! short round suddenly butt the co-pilot in the stomach with he head . the co- pilot yell and fall out the door . short round see the co-pilot 's parachute billow . then Willie rush up . willie give I that parachute , I change my mind -- she grab the parachute and start to fight Shorty over it -- short round no , this last one ! it 's for indy ! they scuffle until the parachute skid across the floor . short round jump for it -- the parachute fall out the door and short round start to fall out after it ! Willie grab he by the seat of he pants and haul he back from the abyss ! 24 . ext . the sky - day 24 . the fighter peel off toward the DC - 3 with they gun flame in another attack . 25 . int . the passenger cabin 25 . short round try to wake indy again . finally , Shorty grab indy 's bag , pull he holster out of it and run toward the back . indy continue to sleep -- until bullet smash the window by he head and a fire extinguisher be hit and start spraying into indy 's face . he finally awaken and jump up . he look around be disbelief at the battle - tear , nearly - empty airplane . indiana ( groggily ) we there yet ? Indiana see Shorty shoot he pistol out the side door as the plane swoop by again . out of ammo , Shorty throw the gun angrily at the pass plane . Indiana pick up he whip and attaches it to he belt as Willie run over to he . willie there 's nobody fly the plane ! 26 . int . the cockpit 26 . the door fly open and indy rush in with Willie behind he . indy appraise the situation quickly and jump into the pilot 's seat with total confidence -- willie ( cont would ) you know how to fly ? indy survey the control panel , the myraid of dial and switch -- indiana no. ( hopefully ) do you ? 27 . int . the passenger cabin 27 . Willie run scream out of the cockpit , she last hope shatter - ed . Shorty be pull something out of the cargo compartment -- he 's find a machine gun and set it up on a short tripod . short round come here , lady , hold this and shut up please ! he pull Willie down to the floor and shove she the ammunition belt that 's drape toward the gun . then Shorty jump behind the machine gun -- as the first fighter appear off they side , short round blast out the open door ! the machine gun explode to life , chew bullet , smoking and spitting shell at Willie -- Willie holler terrify by manage to feed the ammo belt as short round sight the blaze machine gun -- suddenly he shoops ! Willie see the fighter hit -- it smoke and veer away -- and then explode ! short round I get it ! willie you get it ! the second plane swoops down and short round blast away . this time as he swivel the gun , he miss and hit one of the DC - 3's own engine and it explode ! short round oh oh -- big mistake ! 28 . int . the cockpit 28 . try to figure out the control , indy look up to see they en- gine explose into flame -- indiana ( angrily ) short round , what in the hell be you do ? suddenly the DC - 3 emerge out of a cloud and indy see they be head directly for a mountain ! he pull back hard on the con - trol as a rocky peak loom lethally in front of they . 29 . ext . the sky - day 29 . the DC - 3 lift at the last second and smashes some snow off the uppermost pinnacle as it clear the mountain by inch ! kao kan 's fighter be glue to the DC - 3's tail and continue to strafe -- but the fighter pilot pull up too late -- and the fighter explode as it hit the peak of the mountain ! 30 . int . the passenger cabin 30 . indy rush out of the smoking cockpit to find Willie and short round crawl out from under the debris that 's fall on they . then indy spot something in the wreckage -- he pull at some yellow canvas and Willie see as sign : emergency life raft . indy drag the fold canvas over to the open door . willie be you crazy , a lift raft ?! we be not sink , we be crash ! indiana get over here , damn it ! short round , come on , grab onto I tight ! Willie see short round rush over to Indiana and grab he around the waist from behind . Willie finally jump up and run over -- willie wait for I ! she throw she arm around indy 's neck so that she and Shorty be both hugging he from behind . indy clutches the fold lift raft in front of he and survey the mountainside rush close be - neath the skink airplane -- finally , a instant before the plane will hit , indy dive and pull the inflation cord ! 31 . ext . the sky 31 . as the smoking DC - 3 scream out of control toward the mountain , skim the rocky snow - cover slope , we see the lift raft spilling out the open door -- the raft pop into its full shape , act now as a spoiler , soar - ing against the rush wind and finally crash and bounce against the snowy mountainside . in the distance , we see the DC - 3 finally kiss the earth and ex - plode in a cloud of flame against a rocky escarpment -- metal and earth mushroom in a million direction ! 32 . ext . the mountainside 32 . as the raft rocket down the snow , Indiana clutches the front and Willie and short round hold on for dear life on either side of he . the raft plummet down the mountain , crossing the timber - line and enter a forest . bounce over a snow-hidden log , the raft shoot directly for a tree -- Indiana pull on the perimeter rope , roll on he side and man - age to swerve the raft so it carom offthe snow - drift side of the tree trunk . continue its downhill run , the raft smashes across a small steam , send silvery water spraying . as the raft skid below the snow - level , it start bounce over rocky ground and its three passenger ' tooth start chatter . 33 . ext . a bluff 33 . the yellow raft crash through a tangle of bush and then plum - met toward a bluff ! the raft go airborne over a small bluff and land with a splash in a slow - move river . 34 . ext . the river 34 . the life raft drift down the river and indy look around and smile cockily at Willie and short round -- they face do not show gratitude , but horror -- indy hear some - thing and turn to see : 35 . ext . white water rapid 35 . the raft be head directly toward a surging stretch of treach - erous rapid . Indiana look less cocky as he and Willie and short round hold on again for dear life ! the raft plunge into the roaring torrent , bounce over rock - swollen wave , twist and spin through narrow gap . the three helpless passenger be drench in the thunder cascade of white water . Willie be haller , short round hang on wide - eye and even indy look terrify as the raft crash down the rapid . finally , after one heart -stopp bounce , the raft seem to slow . 36 . ext . river clearing 36 . the raft drift out of the main part of the river and glide to - ward a clear . its three soak and bedraggle passenger lie motionless in the bottom . indy 's hand drag alongside the raft , he finger leave a trail in the almost still water . batter and exhaust , but always indy 's " bodyguard " , Shorty look over at he worriedly -- short round indy ? indiana okay , Shorty . indy look over at Willie who be moan . indiana ( cont would ) you all right ? willie no ... I be not cut out for the kind of life you lead . ( moan ) oh no ... I rip my dress . where be we anyway ? the raft float to a gentle stop -- we see it nudge against a pair of dark foot . indy squint up into the sun and see some - thing . indiana India ... willie Holy cow -- India ? how do you know we be in -- she roll over and yelp as she look up at the bizarre , paint face of a shaman . silhoutted against the blaze sun , the skin - ny little old man in a loincoloth stare down at they in the raft . a eerie wind rise and howl . the old man place he palm to - gether and move he hand up to touch he forehead . Willie and short round watch mystify as Indiana return the old shaman 's silent greeting . CUT to : 37 . ext . the mayapore hill - day 37 . indya and short round follow the shaman and four peasant down a gut path through barren roll hill . Willie be out of she milieu , stumbling along this forlorn landscape in high heel , tuxedo jacket and dishevel lame gown . she hear the old shaman talk to indy and catch up with they to find out what 's go on . willie ( to Indiana ) what would he say ? indiana he tell I they know I be come here . willie what do you mean -- how ? indiana the old man see it in a dream . willie dream -- nightmare be more like it . indiana he say that 's whey they be at river -- they be wait for the plane to fall down . he look at she bewilder face and smile faintly . as they walk , a hot wind swirl dust around they , a wind slowly ravaging what soil be leave in this terribly blight region . CUT to : 38 . ext . mayapore - day 38 . at the base of the hill , mayapore village do nothing to be - lieve the awful sense of devastation . a desolate road run through the village , along which group of ptiifully poor vil - lager stare at the stranger be bring in . hopeless woman lift bucket from a dry well -- find only sand . skinny miserable dog skulk between the decrepit village hut , eye by the patient vulture lurling in scraggly tree . Indiana notice the wretch peasant stare at short round , some of they point at he , a few haggard woman shed tear down they wrinkle face as the little chinese boy pass . there be no sign of child in the village and short round grow frighten by the odd attention . he move closer to indy as they pass the devastate population . CUT to : 39 . rxt . mayapore village - after sunset 39 . Black cloud clot across the blood - red sky as darkness fall . Indiana , Willie and short round sit tensely on a shabby rug . above they head , there be a thatched roof , but there be no wall . the die sunset silhouettes they and the half - dozen elder seat - ed in the dirt around they . a grey-haire man , the village chieftain , give quiet command to the woman who scuttle in and set wooden plate in front of the three visitor . no plate be place in front of the elder . willie ( quietly to indy ) I hope this mean we be go to get some dinner . Indiana see the paint shaman , who sit next to the chieftain , watch Willie . the woman bring in a bowl from which they scoop tiny portion of grey gruel onto three plate . to this the woman add a few grain of yellow rice and a with - ere , molding piece of fruit . Willie look aghast at the unappe - tize combination . willie ( quietly ) God , I be starve , but I can not eat this ... indiana that 's more food than this people eat in a week . ( pointedly ) they be starve , too ... Willie look around at the emaciate face and feel like crawl - ing into a hole . willie I be sorry , I -- here , please . she pick up she plate and gently hand it back to the woman . the chieftain finally speak to they -- chieftain you will rest here before you go on . indiana we would appreciate that . this be a unexpected detour . we will have to go to Delhi now and find a flight west . short round ( smile ) indy be take I to America . all eye be on short round . puzzle by this strange attention , Shorty 's smile fade nervously . indiana I be a professor . I have to be - turn to the university . can you give we a guide to take we to Delhi ? the chieftain indicate a young villager sit near they . chieftain sanju will guide you . indiana thank you . the old shaman speak now for the first time . shaman on the way to Delhi , you will stop at pankot . indiana ( puzzle ) pankot be not on the way to Delhi . shaman you will go to palace there . indiana have not the pankot palace be de - serted since the mutiny of 1857 ? shaman ( darkly ) no. now there be new maharajah -- and palace be powerful again . the shaman look around at he unfortunate people . shaman ( cont would ) it be pankot Palace that kill my village . indiana I do not understand . what 's hap - pene here ? shaman the evil start in pankot . then like monsoon , it move darkness over all country . indiana what evil ? shaman they come from Palace and take sivalinga from out village . Willie look over at Indiana -- willie take what ? indiana it 's a sacred stone in a shine that 's suppose to protect a village . shaman it be why krishna bring you here . indiana ( politely firm ) nobody bring we here . we plane crash . we be shot down by -- shaman ( interrupt ) no . we pray to krishna to help we find the stone . it be krishna who make you fall from sky -- so you can get to pankot Palace . to find siva - linga -- and bring back to we . indy 's about to object -- then he look at the sad chieftain , the elder and peasant who be watch he helplessly . and he see again the dark steady eye of the old shaman . CUT to : 40 . ext . mayapore village - night 40 . torch falre eerily and dog howl as the peasant accompany the shaman , elder and three visitor out to the edge of the dark village . short round walk beside indy . short round indy , they make out plane crash ? to get you here ? indiana it 's just superstition , Shorty . like a ghost story . short round look plenty scared as they all stop walk . the shaman motion and the man with torch circle around a pile of rock to illuminate they . the shaman make a gesture of devotion to the primitive shrine and indy speak to the village chieftain . chieftain yes . Indiana seem skeptical as he kneel to study the shrine . on top of the pile of rock , there be a carve niche . the niche be empty but a indentation indicate the conical shape of the stone that be steal . indiana be the stone very smooth ? ( he see the chieftain nod ) it be probably bring here from a sacred river . shaman ( join indy and the chieftain ) Long ago -- before my father 's father . indiana and it have three line paint across it ? ( see the shaman nod ) the line represent the three level of the universe . I have see stone like the one you lose . indy stand slowly . Willie be beside he look at the shrine . willie I do not understand how lose one rock could destroy this village . ( whisper to indy ) be it really powerful ? indy give a doubtful smile . he turn again to the old shaman . indiana but why would the maharajah take this sacred stone ? shaman they say we must pray to they evil god . we say we will not . the old shaman look off and fight the tear in he eye as he start speak in Hindi . indiana ( translate ) he say that when the sacred stone be take the village well dry up first and then the river stop . indy turn and ask the shaman a question in Hindi . the shaman answer in Hindi . indiana ( translate ) he say they crop die and then the animal die . the shaman walk to the edge of the torchlight and look out into the darkness as he continue speak emotionally in Hindi -- indiana ( translate ) and then they take they child . willie they child ? she look at short round and finally understand the sorrowful face always watch he . indy ask another question in Hindi and the shaman continue he story -- indiana ( translate ) he say one night there be a fire in the field . the man go to fight it . when they come back , they hear the woman cry in the darkness . and the child be go . the shaman walk slowly toward Indiana . shaman you will find they when you find sivlalinga . indiana I be sorry , I do not know how I can help you here . the shaman and the chieftain stare and Indiana , refuse to accept that . indiana ( cont would ) the English authority who con - trol this area be the only one who can help you . chieftain they do not listen . indiana I have friend in Delhi and I will make sure they investigate this ... shaman no , you will get to pankot ... the old man speak again in he own tongue and indy look dis - turbe . willie what would he say now ? indiana it be destine that I come here -- and the future can not be change ... indy look ath the shaman and the torchlight reflect in he eye . CUT to : 41 . ext . mayapore - night 41 . suddenly we be rush headlong down a dark dirt path see from the Pov of somebody run in terror . we hear heavy breathe -- above we see the scraggly tree blow against the full moon as a eerie wind rise and howl . we continue crash through the die field tward the dark village ... 42 . int . indiana be hut - night 42 . the wind swirl into the hut and Indiana 's eye open . he lie still a moment and then sit up slowly . he see short round sleep nearby . sense something strange , indy get to he foot . he step around short round and go to the door of the hut . 43 . ext . the hut - night 43 . indy walk against the rise wind and look around . the village be asleep and seem desert . then he turn and see something . we follow small bare foot stumbling through the dust ... indy see a emaciate child in rag run out of the darkness . Indiana move forward and the child run toward he . indy grab the little boy as he fall into he arm . CUT to : 44 . int . the shaman be hut - night 44 . a few minute later , the little boy be lie unconscious on a blanket . elder crouch around he . indy be kneel and watch the shaman wet the boy 's forehead with a rag and drip water onto he lip . the little boy 's eye open and he begin to revive . shrot round and Willie watch from a corner as the little boy look at all the face peer down at he . the little boy 's arm move and he reach out to indy rather than any of the other . indy take he small hand and see that the boy 's finger be cut and bruise -- he finger open and drop something into indy 's hand . the little boy try to whisper . indy have to lean close to hear as the little boy 's lip move again -- little boy sankara ... a mother rush into the hut now and kneel and hug she little boy . his skinny arm go around she as they be reunite . indy stand slowly and look at what the little boy give he -- it be a small tatter piece of cloth : a old fragment of a mini - ature painting . Indiana look at it with a expression of recog - nition and apprehension ... indiana sankara ... 45 . ext . the village - morning 45 . the camera follow Indiana -- he 's walk fast and determind - ly . villager trot alongside of he , try to keep up with be pace as he question thmy in Hindi . indy approach two large elephant and see they guide sajnu try to politely drag Willie toward one of they . indiana damn it , Willie , get on -- we have get to move out ! Willie 's head come up over the back of the elephant as she 's help from below -- there be a look of sheer terror on she face . willie whoa ! easy now -- nice elephant ... wait by the second elephant , short round see indy come and run up to he -- short round I ride with you , indy ? indiana nope , you get a little surprise over there , Shorty . short round run around the big elephant and see a baby elephant be bring out . he can not believe he luck -- short round oh boy ! meanwhile sajnu goad Willie 's elephant over . the villager look grief stricken and many be cry as they watch the three stran - ger ' departure . willie ( to short round ) this be the first time anybody ever cry when I leave . short round they do not cry about you . they cry about the elephant leave . willie figure ... short round they get no food to feed they . so they take the elephant away to sell they . indy lumber over on he elephant . indiana all right , let 's go . I want to get to pankot before tomorrow night . she look at Indiana as he ride past . willie pankot ?! I think we be go to Delhi ! hey , wait a minute ! ( look at the villager ) can not somebody take I to Delhi ?! I do not want to go to pankot ! sajnu guide she elephant and Willie lurch forward -- willie ( cont would ) ( yell ) Indiana ! damn it ! why would you change you mind ? what do that kid tell you last night ?! indy ignore she holler . the elephant move off through the crowd of pitiful villager . indy see the elder , chieftain and the old shaman who bring he hand up to he forehead as indy ride past . CUT to : 46 . ext . the countryside - day 46 . the elephant move across the desolate countryside toward the distant hill . 47 . ext . the trail 47 . Indiana ride the lead elephant . sajnu pass on foot guide Willie 's elephant . with the tuxedo jacket wrap around she waist , Willie be dabbing perfume behind she ear . willie ( to she elephant ) I think you need this more than I . Willie lean forward and put perfume behind the elephant 's ear . grimace at the animal 's smell she simply dump the rest of the perfume on the elephant 's back . Willie yelp when the elephant 's trunk come back , sniff the foriegn fragrance and suddenly trumpet in disgust . willie ( cont would ) what be you complain about , this be expensive stuff ! CUT to : 48 . ext . lower jungle - day 48 . from a cliff , we see the elephant below pass into the lower jungle . spot something on a overhange tree branck , short round stand up precariously on the baby elephant 's back . he pull a vine from the tree as they pass under it . plopp down onto the baby elephant 's back , he pick the wild fruit from the vine -- short round here you go , lunch time ! the baby elephant 's trunk come back and take the fruit . Shorty look up in the sky . short round ( cont would ) indy , look ! Indiana and Willie look up and see hundred of enormous winge creature flap across the afternoon sky . willie that be very big bird . sajnu say something and Indiana nod . indiana that be not bird -- that be giant bat . Willie shudder as she watch the bat . CUT to : 49 . ext . the hill - afternoon 49 . a enormous sun silhouettes the three elephant trekk west - ward . CUT to : 50 . ext . a river - later afternoon 50 . the three elephant stand suck up river water with they trunk . seat on the huge beast , Willie , short round and indi - ana watch the thirsty animal . willie they must be pretty dumb to drink that awful-look water . in response , Willie 's elephant calmly lift its trunk and spray she in the face . short round and indy laugh as Willie sit soak and shocked . indiana I think maybe we will camp here . CUT to : 51 . ext . the river - sunset 51 . a plume of water spray . the three elephant submerge in a deep , wide spot in the river . indy wade in the current with he shirt off . he and the guide splash water on the weary animal . short round laugh and play with the baby elephant . wrapped in its trunk , he 's swing in the air and land on the elephant 's back . Shorty make a swan dive back into the water and the baby elephant give he a shower when he surface . 52 . ext . upriver 52 . thirty yard upstream , bird and monkey chatter in a tree . in the shady river beneath , Willie surface cooly and wipe hair from she eye . she hum contendedly . Indiana wander up the riverbank in he drip trousers . he notice Willie 's wet clothes spread over a tree limb hang low over the water and then he see Willie paddle around . indiana hey , Willie -- I think you better get out now . willie Stark naked ? you wish ... if you be try to seduce I , Dr. Jones , this be a very primitive approach . indiana I seduce you ? honey , you be the one who take you clothes off . ( shrugging ) I just come over to remind you that you never know what else might be in the water . willie somehow I feel safer in here . as indy turn and start off , Willie reach up to the tree branch above she head and grab she underwear . at this moment we notice something awful : a boa constrictor be move out along the branch , the enormous snake slithering over Willie 's clothes . Willie watch Indiana walk away as she reach up for she dress -- she hand feel something strange -- not the dress and not the tree limb -- Willie look up and see that she 's pull on a snake ! she scream as the boa constrictor fall off the t-ee on top of she ! indy hear the scream and hear Willie call to he . he run back toward the river . stop on the riverbank , he see Willie back away in the water -- Indiana 's already start to pull he boot off -- willie indy ! help I ! indiana do not worry , I be come in ! what be it ? willie a snake ! suddenly Indiana freeze and a strange look corss he face -- indiana a what ...? willie a snake !! he finally see the boa constrictor thrashing in the water close to Willie . he leave he boot on . willie ( cont would ) hurry , help I out of here ! what be you wait for ?! indiana uh , listen -- Willie -- I get a better idea . willie what ?! indiana first of all -- do not panic ! Willie suddenly scream as the boa constrictor wrap around she arm -- willie it 's get I ! indy , help I ! indy run along the riverbank , try to get closer to she , but not about to jump into the river ( due to he aversion to snake -- see episode one : " raider of the lose ark " ) . indiana do not let it pull you deeper ! willie it 's pull I deeper ! indiana do not let it curl around you ! willie it 's curling around I ! damn it , stop talk and do something ! the snake be wrapping around she body and neck -- she head be barely above water -- on the riverbank , indy reach down and grab a piece of wood . but as he watch the repulsive reptile , he start to sweat and he fear and loathing overpower he -- willie ( cont would ) what 's wrong ?! indy please help I ! indy groan and bolster he courage -- he take two step into the water -- but the complex be to strong and he can not go any further . he drop the piece of wood ... indiana listen , Willie . do exactly what I tell you now . willie what ?! indiana can you move you arm ? willie just one arm ! indiana okay , I want you to lift you hand -- and pet the snake . willie pet it ??!! indiana yes , stroke it right along the maxillary and precaudal verte - brae . willie the what ?! indiana Pet it on the head ! go on , pet it ! in the water , Willie be whimper as she lift she hand and start petting the snake coiling around she pale body . willie oh -- my -- god -- it 's go to crush I ! indiana keep stroking it ! Willie keep rub she hand along the snake head and back and it slowly stop thrashing in the water . indiana ( cont would ) what 's happen ? willie it 's start to let go ! indiana that 's good -- you be do fine . grimace as she stare at the ugly serpent 's head , Willie keep stroking it . willie it 's let of . I think it 's -- I think it 's go to sleep ! Indiana look relieved . he see the snake start to drift away from Willie and she start paddle back to shore , collect she float clothes along the way . holding she drip dress against herself , she walk out of the water toward indy who smile at she weakly . indiana see -- I get you out ... she slow and haul off and punch he in the mouth . indy hold he jaw as she walk away infuriate . willie thanks for nothing ! I hate snake ! indiana ( look at the water ) I know the feel ... CUT to : 53 . ext . the campsite - night 53 . by firelight , we see sajnu feed the big elephant while short round feed and talk to the baby elephant -- short round you come to America with I , and we can get job in the circus -- you like that ? the baby elephant trumpet affirmitively . a way off , Willie stand wrap in a blanket watch Shorty and the elephant as she dry she hair by a campfire . now indy come up and drop a armload of wood for yet another fire . willie where would you find you little body - guard ? indiana I meet short round when he try to pick my pocket . Indiana kneel and arrange the wood . indiana ( cont would ) Shorty 's family be kill when they bomb shanghai . he be live on the street . willie ( smile ) he will be okay . he 's a good kid . indy strike a match and light the new fire . willie ( cont would ) all this fire -- you expect more snake , Dr. Jones ? she smile snidely and continue drying she hair . indiana by the way , how would you end up in shanghai ? willie well , when my nightclub career be run over by the Depression , some pinhead convinced I that " a girl could go place in the orient ... " so , look where I get . indy pick up a blanket and spread it on the ground . indiana what about the future ? willie oh , that 's easy -- I be go to latch onto a good- look , in - credibly rich prince . indy lie down on the blanket . indiana I would like to find one of that myself . willie ( raise a eyebrow ) oh really ? indiana yeah , but he 's get to be dead and bury for a couple of thousand year . ( smile ) fortune and glory ... willie be that what you be hope to find at this palace , Dr. Jones ? indiana maybe ... indy reach into he pocket and remove the old piece of cloth . willie what 's that ? she walk over to where he 's lie down and sit on a boulder . he hand she the cloth and she look at it by the firelight . indiana something that kid give I last night . it 's a piece of a old manuscript . Willie see a crude draw in red , blue and gold . indiana ( cont would ) the draw show a priest name sankara who live century ago . willie what do the write say ? indiana it 's Sanskrit . it tell the story of sankara climb mt. kalisa where he meet the hindu god shiva . willie ( examine it ) that 's shiva ? what 's he give the Priest ? indiana legend say he tell sankara to go forth and combat evil . to do that he give he five sacred stone that have magical power . willie ( look at indy ) you mean magical like the rock that be steal from that village ? indy look at she meaningfully . indiana it could be . Willie seem frighten . she hand he the piece of cloth and stand up . willie ( quietly ) fortune and glory ... sweet dream , Dr. Jones . she pick up a blanket and start off . indiana I think you should sleep closer . ( see she sus - picious look ) I mean for safety . willie ( smile ) I would be safer sleep with that snake . she step over to a tree by the fire where she clothes be dry - ing . indy watch she pull she dry clothes from the lower branch . she reach up to remove another piece of she clothing -- it 's stick to the tree and she look up and yank it . suddenly the piece of clothing move ! two enormous wind open and the hideous face of a giant bat screech and hiss at Willie ! she scream hysterically as the bat flap against she , bite and scratch at she before it fi- nally take off . the bat fly off into the darkness and indy chuckle as he watch Willie shanking as she back slowly toward the fire -- willie do you see it ?! it be one of that bat ! ( stare into the darkness ) God , what else be out there ...?! she quickly pick up she blanket and lay it out very close to indy . indiana could not keep away , huh ? willie just try and control yourself . Indiana watch she lie down and wrap herself in she blanket . then he roll over and tip he hat down over he eye to get some well - deserve shut -eye . in a moment , however , we see something grotesque and snake- like slide into frame and move towards indy -- finally , we realize it 's a elephant 's trunk . the trunk nudge indy 's shoulder . indiana ( without look ) still scared ? okay , Willie , you can get closer if you want ... the elephant 's trunk move closer and nuzzle indy 's neck . indiana honey , I know you would be the first one to give in ... now , we see that short round be guide the baby elephant 's trunk with a prod . Willie watch , stifling a laugh as the elephant 's trunk sniff Indiana 's ear -- indiana ( cont would ) you be go to start something I be go to have to finish . ( moan ) okay , doll , you ask for it . Indiana roll over , lift he hat and holler ! he nearly jump out of he pants as he stare into the elephant 's trunk . Willie and short round dissolve into laughter . CUT to : 54 . ext . the jungle - day 54 . tall , vine - cover tree sway in the wind . beneath they , the el- ephant plough through the dense tropical forest . the sound of the teeming jungle multiply as short round survey the distant hill . short round indy , look ! indiana that 's it . pankot Palace . Willie look off at the resplendent while moghul -style palace ri- sing in the distance above the jungle . CUT to : 55 . ext . a jungle clearing - later 55 . they mayapore guide walk toward the camera and suddenly look frighten . he bark command and the elephant stop . Indiana jump down a join the fearful guide . they stare at a small statue of a malevolent goddess with eight arm . around the goddess 's neck , a carve necklace display small human head -- she eight hand hold other head by they hair . Indiana move closer to the statue as the terrify guide back away . indy be fascinate by the ritual object adorn it : leave , dead bird , rodent and turtles . Indiana grimace as he lift a necklace of real pierce human finger ... willie ( o.s. ) why be we stop here ? Indiana go back and join the scared , jabber guide who be help Willie down from the elephant . short round jump down . short round what you look at , indy ? indiana just a statue . willie what 's the guide talk about ? he have not say a word the whole trip . indy listen to the agitate guide and then speak a few word in Hindi back to he . they watch the distress guide trun the ele - phant and start away with they as fast as possible . willie he 's afraid of something . indiana he say he could not take we any farther . he have to go sell the elephant . willie you mean we have to walk the rest of the way ? Willie moan and follow indy . short round watch the elephant trudging away . the little elephant turn and look back . short round quickly wipe a tear from he face . CUT to : 56 . ext . a palace approach - afternoon 56 . Indiana and short round hike up a rock -pave road beside a high wall . exhausted , carry she high heel , Willie trudge along behind they . willie -- shot at , fall out of a plane , nearly drown , squash by a snake , attack by a bat -- I smell like a elephant ! ( yell ) I tell you I be not go to make it ! Indiana finally stop . he walk back to Willie , suddenly pick she we in he arm and start carry she the remain way . Willie be surprised and puzzle . indiana any more complaint ? willie ( smile faintly ) yeah , I wish you would think of this sooner ... she do not seem to mind be carry by indy . he arrive at the entrance to the palace and put she down -- she stand close to he and he gently smoothes the collar of she dress . indiana it do not feel like there 's be any permanent damage . she smile at he again and then turn around -- and whistle as she see pankot Palace : a sprawling , monumental mixture of Mo - ghul and rajput style , the palace be a extravaganza of princely architecture . 57 . ext . a bridge 57 . the three traveler start across a marble bridge toward the main entrance . line along the bridge , palace guard stand with lance . as the threesome pass , the first rajput guard snap noisily to attention and Willie jump . as Willie continue across the bridge , the other guard snap to attention in sequence and she grin , enjoy the attention . 58 . int . the outer courtyard 58 . short round and Willie follow Indiana through a dark archway into a glitter courtyard . the palace seem desert and forebod - ing . indiana hello ?... ( hello ? ) ... ( hello ? ) indy 's voice echoe off the marble facade -- three enormous raj - put guard with curve sword in they sashes appear silently at opposite side of the courtyard . willie ( frighten ) hi... ( hi ) ... ( hi ) ... then , a tall severe - look indian in a English suit material - ize out of the shadow and come forward slowly . chattar lal appraise the intruder suspiciously : he see a whoozy beauty in a weary evening gown ; a dirty chinese kid with a baseball cap ; a rugge - look american carry a bullwhip ... chattar lal I would say you look rather lose . ( disdainfullt ) but then I cannot imagine where in the world the three of you would look at home ... indiana ( smile evenly ) lose ? no , we be not lose . we be on we way to Delhi . this be miss Scott -- and Mr. round . my name 's Indiana Jones . chattar lal ( surprised ) Dr. Jones ? the eminent archae - ologist ? willie hard to believe , be not it ...? chattar lal I remember first hearing you name when I be study at Oxford . I be chattar lal , Prime Minister for his highness the maharajah of pankot . he bow and Willie sort of curtsy . chattar lal ( cont would ) welcome to pankot Palace . 59 . int . pankot palace - afternoon 59 . they walk along the marble hall , past dazzle wall inlaid with piece of mirror and semi-precious stone . fountain spray in ivory countyard and they gaze in awe at the ornate splendour . as Willie walk with Shorty she appraise the chronolgoical portrait of the pankot price that line the hall . dissipate face , elegant face , evil face -- she react to they . willie ( to short round ) how would you like to run into he in a dark alley ... that one 's kind of cute ... I could see myself marry to a prince like that ... ahead of they chattar lal walk with indy and question he suspiciously -- chattar lal the plane crash and you journey here sound -- most incredible . willie you should have be there ... indiana we would appreciate it if the mahara - jah would let we stay tonight . we will be on out way in the morn - ing . chattar lal I be only he humble servant , but the maharajah usually listen to my advice . willie be that he ? they have come to the last in the row of prince portrait . wil - lie stop and look up disappointedly at a picture of a age , immensely corpulent rajput prince . willie ( cont would ) ( politely ) he 's not exactly what we call " a spring chicken " . chattar lal no , no , that be uhme Singh , the present maharajah 's late father . willie oh -- good . and maybe the pre - ent marahajah be a little young ? and thin ? two female servant approach silently and bow . chattar lal they will escort you to you room now . you will be provide with fresh clothes . tonight you will be dining with his highness . willie dinner ? and with a prince ?! my luck be change . but look at I -- my god , I have to to get ready ! she hurried off with one of the servant toward she room . Chat - tar lal smile cooly at Indiana -- chattar lal eight o'clock in the pleasure pavilion . CUT to : 60 . ext . the pleasure palivion - night 60 . a extraordinary gold dome rise in the middle of the eleaborate garden . the pleasure pavilion be ablaze with torch light , flicker candle and exotic music . Indiana come out of the palace with short round . indy have on a tweed jacket and a nectie -- he university professor 's outfit . short round have be clean up , but still sport he baseball cap . Willie join they , look stun be a silk western -styled gown . she 's also be loan some moghul jewelry which sparkles on she neck and arm . indiana you look like a princess . Willie 's flatter by the first nice thing indy 's say to she . willie it 's sort of like be in heaven . they cross the garden toward the pavilion and Willie 's eye be like a kid 's at Christmas . 61 . int . the pleasure pavilion 61 . as they enter , Indiana give a half - dress dance girl the once - over as she spin to the music of drum and " vinha " . indiana ( smile ) I have always have a weakness for folk dance . willie ( snidely ) she might get away with that act here , but she would never make it in a real nightclub . they walk among the rich court minister and indian merchant . chattar lal approach with a british cavalry captain in unifrom . chattar lal we be fortunate tonight to have some many unexpected guest . he be Captain Phillip blumburtt . blumburtt bow to Willie and Indiana . chattar lal ( cont would ) Captain blumburtt and he troops be here to check up on the " native " . capt . blumburtt ( politely ) just a routine inspection tour . chattar lal the british worry so about they emprie -- it make we feel like well - care - for child . willie listen , Mr. lal , what do you call the maharajah 's wife ? chattar lal his highness have not yet take a wife . willie ( happily ) no ? well , I guess he just have not meet the right woman ... as Willie chatter on with the Prime Minister , Indiana wander off . he move to a wall where bronze statue and strange devo - tional object be display . capt . blumburtt ( join indy ) interested in local curio ? indiana no . but I be interested in the occult . and this be a krtya . Indiana pick up a small clay figurine and examine it . capt . blumburtt ( grimace ) charm . indiana it 's like the voodoo doll of West Africa . the kryta represent you enemy -- and give you complete power over he . capt . blumburtt that God all that mumbo jumbo rubbish be disappear . indiana you think so ? capt . blumburtt of course . admittedly , it 's take time . britian 's control India for almost two hundred eyar now . Indiana smile at the somewhat pompous bureaucrat . indiana you be hang on better here than you do in America . capt . blumburtt ( smile sourly ) this be a different situation , Dr. Jones . this people be like child . we have to lead they slowly into the twentieth century . Indiana put the doll down and look over at chattar lal and Willie . indiana the Prime Minister do not seem that naive . capt . blumburtt no , he 's a very shrewd old boy . power behind the throne and all that . he actually run this whole province . indy and the Prime Minister exchange distant look as Willie come back over to Indiana . she talk to he conspiratorially -- willie I think this maharajah be swim - ming in money . maybe come here be not such a bad idea . blumburtt find this Americans quite suspect and seem relieved when he hear a drum . capt . blumburtt I believe we be be call to dinner . willie finally ! as the drum beat the assemble guest move toward a long , low table surround by colorful pillow . short round follow with a little monkey he 's find perch on he arm . as everyone stand around the table , chattar lal make a an- nouncement in Hindi and then in English -- chattar lal his supremem highness , guardian of rajput tradition -- the maharajah of pankot -- Zalim Singh . all eye be on two solid silver door which open -- and through which now walk the maharajah zalim singh . everyone be bow , include Indiana and Willie , who look amaze -- willie that 's the maharajah -- that kid ?! indiana maybe he like older woman . indeed , Zalim Singh be only thirteen . outfitted in silver and gold brocade , festoon with enormous jewel , the litlle mahara - jah gaze imperiously at the bow crowd -- and then glare at short round . indy see short round chew gum , stare antagonistically at the maharajah . indy push short round into a bow position . the maharajah finally sit down on golden pillow . he nod and he guest take they seat . Indiana see Willie 's dream of queendom have vanish . indiana cheer up , you lose you prince , but dinner 's on the way . willie I have never be so hungry in my life ... servant appear with silver platter of steaming food . they place a platter in front of Willie and she stare at it in amaze - ment : it 's a whole raost boar , replete with a decorative arrow pierc - ing its bloat stomach and tiny broil baby bore place around it as if they be suckling on they well - cook mother . willie ( grimace ) my god , sort of grusome , be not it ...? see the meat be serve , Indiana look across the table at blumburtt who seem equally puzzle . meanwhile , the little maha - rajah whisper to he Prime minsiter . then chattar lal speak to the table -- chattar lal his highness want I to welcome he visitor . especially the renowned Dr. Jones from America . indy bow slightly toward the maharajah . indiana we be honore to be here . servant put down another platter . Willie stare at a enormous steaming boa constrictor on the platter . with a flash of a knife , a servant slit the huge snake and expose a mass of squirming , live baby eel inside ... willie suddenly I be not so hungry ... meanwhile , Indiana be chat poleitely with the Prime Minister . indiana I have a question , Mr. Prime Mini - ster . I be examine some of the maharajah 's artifact . chattar lal a very fine collection of very old piece , do not you think ? indiana yes , very fine . but not all of the piece look old . some be carve recently and look like image use by the thuggees to worship the god - des kali . at the emntion of the thuggees , the Indians at the table quiet , as it a taboo have be break . chattar lal glare at Indiana . chattar lal Dr. Jones , you know very well that the thuggee cult have be dead for nearly a century . capt . blumburtt of course . the thuggees be a obscenity that worshipped kali with human sacrifice . the Brit - ish Army wipe they out about the time of the mutiny of 1857 . short round avoid the dinner by feed it to he little monkey as he listen to the scary conversation . the talk be bad enough , but Willie find the food unbelievable ! a servant lean overher shoulder and place a six - inch long bug on she plate ! Willie whimper quietly as she watch the fat merchant next to she lift one of the black , shiny baked - beetle -- and crack it in two ! the man proceed to enthusiastically suck the gooey innard out . merchant ( look at Willie ) but you be not eat ! willie ( weakly ) I uh -- have bug for lunch . meanwhile , Indiana continue to politely needle chattar lal . indiana I suppose storey of the thuggees die hard . chattar lal there be no storey anymore . indiana well , I do not know ... we come here from a small village and the peas - ant there tell we that the pankot Palace be grow powerful again -- becuase of some ancient evil . Indiana smile and shrug . chattar lal ( sneeringly ) they storey be just fear and folklore . indiana ( cooly ) maybe .. but how do you explain the thuggee shrine I see right below the palace ? indy catch a glance between the little maharajah and the prime minister , who answer slowly -- chattar lal the local peasant be just as superstitious . you be very ob - servant , Dr. Jones . but you be beginning to worry capt . blum - burtt . blumburtt 's phlegmatic attitude have change to curiosity . capt . blumburtt I be not worried , Prime Minister , just interested . during they conversation , Willie listen to beetle snapping and she watch revolt as the other dinner guest suck the gooey inside out of the bug . willie ( to short round ) give I you hat ... short round what for ? willie I be go to puke in it ... meanwhile , indy continue ingenously with chattar lal . indiana you know the villager also claim that this palace steal something from they . chattar lal Dr. Jones , it we country a guest do not usually insult he host . indiana sorry , I think we be just talk about folklore . capt . blumburtt ( try to make peace ) I be sure it 's nothing . just ru - mor . ( but interested ) what be it they claim be steal ? indiana something magical . a sacred rock . chattar lal ( condescendingly ) there , you see , Captain . a rock ! indiana when they lose this rock they field and animal die . they also say they child be take from they . chattar lal I think that 's enough of this nonsense , Dr. Jones ... Indiana smile faintly at chattar lal 's anger . across the table , Willie look pale and motion to the waiter . willie so you have something , you know , simple -- like soup or something ? the servant go off and return with a cover bowl . he uncov - er it and Willie look at a soup with a dozen eyeball float in it . merchant look delicious ! willie I wanna go home ... Willie whimper and tear start down she cheek . indiana ( to chattar lal ) I be dubious muself at first . then something connect -- the village 's rock and the old legend of the sankara Stones ... chattar lal ( control himself ) Dr. Jones , we be all vulnerable to vicious rumor . I seem to be - member that in honduras you be accuse of be a grave robber rather than a scientist . indiana ( shrugging ) the newspaper exaggerated the incident chattar lal and do not the sultan of madagas - car threaten to cut you head off if you ever return to he coun - try ? indiana that be a misunderstanding . chattar lal ( smile ) exactly what we have here , Dr. Jones . maharajah I have hear the terrible storey of the evil thuggee cult ... when the little marahajah speak it surprise everyone and there be silence . maharajah ( cont would ) I think the storey be tell to frighten child . later , I learn that the thuggee cult be once real and do unspeakable thing . the marahajah look at Indiana . maharajah ( cont would ) I be ashamed of what happen here so many year ago . we keep this object -- to remind we that this will never again happen in my kingdom ! indiana ( after a moment ) I be sorry if I have offended you . now , more trays be whisk in by servant . merchant ah , dessert ! short round 's monkey suddenly screech and take off . Willie close here eye in dread - but curiosity get the best of she and she look -- it 's worse than she could imagine : plates full of small , dead monkey head ! ( * production note : be - cause of he extremely sensitive nature , the director have reque - ted that this monkey head be simulate ) . the top of the monkey 's skull have be cut off and sit loose like little cover . Willie watch in utter dismay as the maha - rajah and he guest remove the skull - top and start dip spoon into what 's inside -- merchant ( cont would ) chill monkey brain ! Willie keel over , crash backwards in a dead faint ! CUT to : 62 . int . a palace hall - later 62 . woman servant help a woobly - kneed Willie toward she room . 63 . ext . the pelasure garden - night 63 . hundred of lanter illuminate the garden where after dinner drink be serve , cigar light and hookah pipe puffed on . Indiana come out of the pavilion into the garden with capt . blumburtt and they talk quietly . capt . blumburtt Rather bizarre menu , wound not you say ? indiana even if they be try to scare we away , a devout hindu would never touch meat . ( look around ) make you wonder what this people be ... now , the little maharajah come over with he retinue and he reach for indy 's whip which short round be carry . maharajah I have see this thing . what be it , Dr. Jones ? short round hey , nobody touch indy 's whip ! short round grab for it , but Indiana restrain he . indiana we be guest here , Shorty . the maharajah glare be short round and five the whip to indy . maharajah you will show I how it work please . indy bow to the little prince and smile ironically -- indiana you wish be my command , you highness . while short round watch angrily , Indiana walk across the gar - de and unfurl the whip . indy see a servant lighting a candle . suddenly the whip fly and crack like a pistol shot . the candle disappear ! Indiana whirl and crack the whip again , snagging a flower out of a dance girl 's hair . the maharajah react like any kid -- he shoops happily . maharajah that be wonderful ! please teach I how ! short round sulk as he listen to Indiana instruct the maha - rajah on how to hold the whip . as the young prince practise the grip , indy notice chattar lal slip behind a fountain to talk to a dark figure in robe who appear . Indiana see chattar lal bow to the dark figure -- and indy catch a glimpse of the stranger 's pale face and dark hollow eye . then the roble apparition seem to disappear . meanwhile everyone watch respectfully as the maharajah unfurl the whip for he first attempt . he fling the whip but it fly back and snap -- bite he own cheek . there 's a stunne silence -- then short round laugh at the little prince who be hold he wounded cheek . the incense ma - rahajah suddenly flash the whip as short round . short round grab the end of it and pull hard -- the whip be tug taut between the two hostile boy . as they draw near each other , short round see something weird : the little maharajah 's eye begin glow yelloe and he hiss softly in a strange voice . nobody else see or hear the bizarre transformation ... Indiana finally intercede -- he grab short round by the neck . indiana okay , short round , let go of it . short round let go and indy gently take the whip back from the little prince . indiana ( cont would ) the Turks say that a whip can be a enemy even to its owner . if you get some rope , it will be easier to learn with , you highness . now , I think we will say goodnight . the maharajah and short round stare hostiley at each other as indy recoil he whip . CUT to : 64 . int . a palace hall - night 64 . short round walk beside Indiana down the shadowy hall toward they room . short round have indy 's whip curl around he shoul - der . the little fellow yawn and shake he head . short round that little maharajah think he big stuff . indiana you do not like he do you ? short round next time I flatten he ! do you see he eye ? indiana no . short round indy , they glow like fire and get real crazy ! then he talk in this real scary voice ! indy tousle short round 's hair . indiana he be afraid of you . he know a tough guy when he see one . short round ( not so shure ) yeah , that 's what happen ... they reach they room and short round open the door . indiana I better see how Willie be . short round shake he head scornfully as indy cross the hall and knock on another door . after a moment , the door open and Willie be stand there in a tempting nightgown . indiana I bring you something . he hold up something wrap in a piece of silk . willie ( disgust ) not leftover ? indiana no -- real food . Willie open the bundle suspiciously -- then she hace light up as she examine the bread and fruit inside . willie oh , it be real food ... it 's beautiful . she bite happily into a piece of fruit -- its juice run down she chin and indy wipe it off gently with he hand . the mouth deliberately seductive and Willie be not displease . willie ( cont would ) you be nice . listen , I be take application -- how would you like to be my palace slave ? indiana ( smile ) wearing you jewel to be , prin - cess ? indy touch she necklace -- then he hand caress she neck and ear . she shiver slightly and speak softly . willie yeah -- and nothing else . ( smile ) that shock you ? indiana ( shaking he head ) I be a scientist . I like do research on certain " nocturnal activity " -- she smile and put a grape to he lip . he open he mouth take it and chew it . willie you mean like love ritual ... he swallow the grape and they move toward each other slowly to kiss , revealing the passion that 's simmer . indiana and mate custom ... they kiss again more heatedly . willie primitive sexual practice ? indiana you be taling to a authority in that area . they kiss again hungrily -- willie you be die to come into my room , be not you ? indiana you want I so bad , why do not you invite I ? willie too proud to admit you be crazy about I , Dr. Jones ? indiana I think you be too use to get - ting you own way , Willie ... they kiss yet again -- and indy break it off , just to show he 's still in control . he back away toward he room . willie ( watch he ) we will see who give in first -- I will leave my door open . indiana do not catch cold . willie Dr. Jones -- ? indy stop by he door and see Willie smile as she hold up five finger -- willie ( cont would ) five minute ... you will be back over here in five minute ... indiana you be dream , Willie . you want to make it real , just knock on my door . he wink . she wave . but neither one will surrender first . Willie do into she room , leave the door ajar . indy open he door . 65 . int . indiana's suite 65 . indy come in and close the door -- leave it open a crack . he stand and listen , wait for she to come over . 66 . int . willie' suite 66 . Willie stand likewise by she door , wait to hear indy come back over . 67 . int . indiana's suite 67 . Indiana shrug and walk over to a couch and start take off he tweed jacket and necktie -- indiana five minute ... fat chance . 68 . int . willie suit 68 . Willie move around she lavish suite , turn down light , create a romantic effect , check herself in a mirror -- willie ( confidently ) five minute , Dr. Jones ... 69 . int . indiana's suite 69 . indy undress in the magnificently decorate room : wall paint - ing show palace scene and landscape ; life-size figure dance and there be full - scale portrait or rajput prince and prancing horse . but indy 's more concerned with lust than with art . indiana ( mutter ) ... want I to be she palace slave ! he pick up he whip and smile , consider use it on she . then he just grubles and toss the bullwhip onto the couch . 70 . int . willie' suite 70 . lying in bed in a seductive pose , Willie wait for indy to show up and she start to look worried . she grab a clock and shake it to see if it 's work . she tap she finger irritably win - dering in she charm have fail ... 71 . int . indiana's suite 71 . we see another clock tick . look annoyed , indy toss a boot at it and the clock fall on its face , set of the alarm . on the chaise lounge in front of indy 's bed , short round move groggily and see indy turn off the alarm . short round ( half asleep ) get to sleep indy -- I stay up and keep eye on thing ... indiana okay , Shorty ... see you in the morning ... I be go to have a little -- word with Willie . indy finally shake he head and give in to he animal instinct . he button he shirt , put he boot back on and grab he leather jacket . as he put on he jacket he walk past the life-size painting of armed gaurd stand in silent vigil . suddenly we see something frightening behind he : one of the wall painting see to come to life ! a large figure in robe and a turban loom out from the wall and lift a silk cord -- the figure wrap the cord suddenly around Indiana 's neck ! the huge assassin stand behind indy , twist the cord even tighter around he neck . as indy attempt to break free he see the assassin 's face be a mirror -- and a strange yellow light glow in the killer 's eye . 72 . int . willie' suite 72 . Willie 's finally have enough wait and she get out of beg petu - lantly . willie he 's not come ... I can not be - lieve it ... she walk across the room and open the door . she look out the empty hall -- and she resolve start to weaken -- willie ( cont would ) well ... ( brace herself ) no ! I be not go over there ... she come back into she room and kick the door close . willie ( cont would ) sleep tight , Dr. Jones ! ( suddenly melancholy ) I could have be you great ad - venture ... 73 . int . indiana's suite 73 . indy shove the assassin backwards , ramming the big man into the wall . the assassin maintain he deathgrip -- while on the chaise , short round sleep through it all ! gasp futilely for air , indy sink slowly to he knee - he eye bulge and he stare at the tiny , smile skull at the end of the death - cord wrap around the assassin 's fist . Indiana sink lower and then feel something -- desperately he grab a brass pot on the floor by the handle and swing it with he last strength , smash it up into the assassin' head with a skull - crush clang ! the assassin be stunne and Indiana curl forward pull he into a somersault and sen he fly over he back . the ass - assin crash on he sping next to the chaise . short round still do not wake up . Indiana rip the cord from around he neck and gasp for breath . he see the assassin pull a knife . Indiana dive as the knife fly through the air and slam into the wall . Indiana grab he whip , roll and land on he foot . as the ass - assin try to retreat , indy unleash he whip -- it crack and wrap around the killer 's neck . the big man struggle , pull on the whip , try to release it from he throat -- and Indiana hold fast , watch the killer gasp for air now as he face turn red . suddenly the assassin do a full - blow backward sommersault which rip the whip out of indy 's hand . the assassin have a in - stant to grin victoriously -- until he see that the whip handle be arching toward the ceiling where be get catch on the revolve fan ! the surprised assass - in it tug upwards -- and the whip twist around the ceiling fan like fishing - line around a fishing - reel -- and like a doom flounder , the assassin be slowly reele up and drag toward the ceiling , he toe lift off the floor . the assassin scream as he be hang ! his leg twitch in he death throes -- and below he , short round finally wake up . always Indiana 's protector , Shorty instictively leap off the couch and draw a small dagger -- short round do not worry , indy ! where be they ?! short round spin a 360 , then look up and do a double - take see the dead assassin twist slowly around the ceiling fan . indy take short rund by the shoulder and turn he away from the grisly sight . indiana it 's okay , it 's over -- go turn off the fan . short go over and turn off the fan -- the assassin 's body drop and indy recoil he whip . suddenly they hear a hideous scream -- Willie ! 74 . int . willie' suite 74 . in a tight close - up : Willie scream again . she 's lie in bed look down at something -- move up she shapely leg , a green and black , monstrous - look insect crawl onto she stomach and Willie stop breather . immo - bilize by fear , Willie watch in silent agony as the hideous insect climb slowly up she breast and slither toward she neck . across the suite , the door burst open and Indiana rush in . Shorty be behind he , carry indy 's whip . Indiana leap on a stool and slide up to the bed to save willie -- then he spot the giant insect crawl on she and decide to have some fun . indiana this a cheap trick to get I over here ? Willie speak with desperate , fearful precision -- willie no -- do not you see -- crawl -- indiana what -- the bug ? Willie be petrify and shaking . willie get -- the -- bug -- off ! indiana gee , I would not want to touch a ugly critter like that ! short round ( grin ) uh uh -- I neither ! Willie look at the man-of-action like he 's insane . then she feel the bug crawl onto she cheek -- willie oh no -- oh no !! indiana ( study the bug ) you know , Willie , I will bet he 's mad because they be eat he friend for dinner . willie please -- oh please , I be go to die ! get it off ! Indiana shrug and lean over and casually swat the horrible bug off she face . he and short round watch the insect skid across the floor -- and suddenly disappear as if by magic ! puzzle , they wander toward the wall , leave Willie behind , bath in sweat , stare at the ceiling -- willie what do I do to deserve this trip ?! kneel by the wall , short round examine the baseboard -- short round it go under . hey , I feel wind , indy . Indiana knock on the wall and consider the hollow sound . he move back and look at the whole wall . behind he , Willie move past -- willie I be pack ! I be get out of here right now tonight ! she dash behind a screen to start get dress . meanwhile indy feel the marble wall . he move to a niche in which there be a small statue of ganesha , the friendly elephant god . Indiana lift the statue -- and a panel in the wall open slow - ly . short round look amaze . indy watch the light fall across the far wall of a tunnel as the door open slowly . indy peer into the tunnel at a old wall painting . spiderly San - skrit calligraphy run under a flanking illustration of a prince bow before a god . indiana *( he read aloud a inscription in Sanskrit ) . short round what do it mean , indy ? indiana ( translate ) " follow in the footstep of shiva . do not betray he truth . " indy take out the piece of cloth the boy give he in mayapore , the similarity be strike . it be also a picture of shiva sankara . indiana *( he repeat aloud the inscrip - tion also write on the cloth ) over behind the screen , Willie 's get into some silk pants with a indian - style brocade bodice top -- willie I do not care if I have to walk to Delhi , I be -- hey ! she notice indy and short round bend to enter the dark tunnel behind the wall . willie ( cont would ) wait a minute ! what be you -- where be you go ?! indy poke he head back into the room -- indiana lock you door and do not leave until we get back . he disappear behind the wall and Willie look worried . 75 . int . a palace tunnel - night 75 . indy and short round enter the secret passage and move forward slowly into the inky darkness . short round I do not think we suppose to be in here , indy ... they creep slowly down the dark tunnel . it grow smaller and indy duck he head . short round ( cont would ) I step on something . they footstep crunch on the tunnel floor . indiana you be right , there 's something all over the floor ... even short round have to duck and indy finally kneel to he hand and knee . indiana ( cont would ) we will have to crawl . as they crawl , they hand and knee continue to crunch on what - ever it be littering the ground . short round indy , the floor -- there be some - thing alive ! Indiana get a match out of he pocket . he snap it with he thumb and the match flare -- a hideous insectarium : a live collection of the world 's ugliest antropod , hexapod and arch - nid . short round Holy smoke -- I be scared , indy ! Indiana turn and see something else -- indiana there 's a chamber here . come on -- indy find a oil lamp on the wall and light it . short round happily scamper into the chamber and indy follow he . suddenly the door slide shut -- trapping they inside ! 76 . int . the chamber 76 . Indiana light a match and find another oil lamp . he and short round look for a way to open the door that close behind they , but they have no luck . indiana damn ! then they hear Willie 's voice echoing down the short tunnel . willie ( o.s. ) hey -- where be you ?! 77 . int . willie' suite 77 . back in the suite , Willie stand by the entrance to the secret passage , peer into the dark tunnel -- willie ( cont would ) Indiana Jones ?! be you in there ?! 78 . int . the chamber 78 . indy mutter irritably to himself -- indiana yes , we be in here ... he look everywhere for something to open the door . short round spot a loose brick and move it -- short round indy , I find a -- suddenly they hear a rumble and indy turn to see the opposite wall move -- the spike start appear ! they lethal point protrude from the wall as it start close in toward indy and short round . short round ( cont would ) indy -- ! Shorty point up and Indiana see more spike descend from the ceiling ! indy turn toward the door and shout -- indiana uh -- Willie ?! ( louder ) Willie , you better get down here ! 79 . int . willie' suite 79 . Willie listen and look scared -- willie ( shouting back ) what ?! indiana ( o.s. ) Willie , come here ! hurry up , we be in trouble !! short round ( o.s. ) Willie , help !! Willie be frighten , confuse and jump around -- 80 . int . the spike chamber 80 . the deadly spike inch slowly toward they from the wall and ceil - ing . they start pound on the door and shout -- indiana Willie , damn it ! get down here , now 81 . int . willie' suite 81 . Willie find the courage to finally whimper and step into the dark passage -- willie oh hell -- I bet I get all dirty again ! 82 . int . the tunnel 82 . Willie start down the dark tunnel toward the chamber . indiana ( o.s. ) willie ?! willie I be come , what 's the rush ?! ohh ! what 's that ?! there 's stuff all over the floor ! I can not see a thing ! 83 . int . the spike chamber 83. they hear she come and indy watch nervously as the spike draw even closer -- indiana move , Willie ! faster ! 84 . int . the tunnel 84 . Willie crawl and crunch on the litter floor -- willie it 's all wet and icky ! aaahh -- thing be move !! she see the low lamp by the door to the chamber . short round ( o.s. ) please , Willie ! she grab the lamp and turn it up so it burn brighter . she look around -- and scream !! she see the sicken , swarm mass of glisten insect crawl toward she , attract by the light -- willie ( hysterical ) there 's bug ! bug all over ! help ! help I ! indiana ( o.s. ) Willie , open the door ! get US out of here ! Willie pound on the door -- willie OPEN the door ! let I in !! 85 . int . the spike room 85 . the spike close in -- indiana get US out ! Willie , shut up and listen ! there 's get to be a ful - crum release ! look around ! willie ( o.s. ) a what ?! 86 . int . the tunnel 86 . Willie whine and frantically search the wall . insect be crawl and jump on she and she kick at they ! indiana ( o.s. ) a fulcrum release lever ! willie I can not find any lever ! help I indy ! 87 . int . the spike chamber 87 . Indiana and short round be back against the wall and the spike be a foot away and move in -- indiana look around , Willie ! there 's get to be a liever hide somewhere ! come on , you can do it ! 88 . int . the tunnel 88 . insect drop onto Willie from the ceiling and fly at she as she flatten against the wall . then she elbow hit something -- a loose stone . she claw at it and it fall out of the wall leave a hole . willie there 's a hole ! I find a square hole ! indiana ( o.s. ) that 's it -- the release lever -- look inside ! willie I be -- it look horrible ! the hole be revolting : cover with squirming insect , it also ooze some kind of glisten mucus . indiana ( o.s. ) reach inside ! Willie move she hand toward the nauseate hole then pull back . willie I can not , indy ! I can not ! 89 . int . the spike tunnel 89 . Indiana turn he head sideways and suck in he breath , but the deadly spike be poke into he leater jacket now -- indiana the lever ! Willie , do it ! now ! 90 . int . the tunnel 90 . Willie scream and jam she hand into the gross hole -- willie oh God , it 's soft -- it 's move ! indiana ( o.s. ) Willie ! 91 . int . the spike chamber 91 . short round be frighten to death and cry -- short round Willie , help we ! hurry ! 92 . int . the tunnel 92 . she hear short round cry and twist she hand in the disgust - ing hole . suddenly the door spring open ! Willie pull she hand out and stare in horror -- she hand and arm be cover with greenish slimey mung ! 93 . int . the spike chamber 93 . the spike suddenly retract , disappear into the wall and clos - ing . indy pull Willie inside the chamber and the door slam shut again . Willie dance around , yell about the hideous slime on she arm . willie get be off I -- get it off ! indy help she wipe it off . Willie fall back against the door . willie ( cont would ) you leave I out there ! what in the hell be you do in here ?! I want to leave this place right now !! she see the same lever that short round pull earlier and grab for it . Indiana dive and manage to stop she from activate the spike agian . indiana not that one ! we have enought of that one , thank you ... he look around and spot a small rock protrude from the wall . cautiously , praying htat it will not activate another booby trap , indy push the rock . a large door open on the other side of the chamber -- a soft wind howl past outside the chamber . 94 . int . the wind tunnel 94 . Indiana , short round and Willie exit the spike chamber and head down a larger tunnel through which a roaring wind intermittantly blow , howling eerily like a note of gloomy music . Indiana follow a curve in the tunnel and they see light approach . the wind holw another dramatic note which gale past they as they reach the mouth of the tunnel . Indiana be join by Willie and short round . they all stop in astonishment at the sight below they : 95 . int . the temple of death 95 . as the camera pull back , the mouth of the wind tunnel in which they be stand become just a small hole overlook the stag - gering vastness of the incredible temple of death . the colossal subterranean temple have be carve out of a solid mass of rock . a vaulting cathedral - like ceiling be support by row of carve stone column . balcony overlook the temple floor . pillare hall lead to dark side chamber . move out of this chamber , hundred of faithful worshipper chant as they enter the temple . mammoth stone statue of elephant , lion and demi-god ( half / man , half / animal monstrosity ) loom above the swell crowd or wor - shipper . as the wind howl out of the tunnel high above the temple , the worshipper chant in response to the strange tunnel music . 96 . int . the tunnel 96 . the moan wind rush past Indiana , Willie and short round as they watch the mystery cult below bow toward a enormous altar at the far end of the temple . this altar be a platform jutting out from the stone wall of the cavern . separate the worshipper from this altar be a wide crevasse out of which wisp of smoke rise occasionally . 97 . int . the altar 97 . on the other side of the crevasse , evil - look priest materialize out of cloud of swirl smoke . the priest carry smoke- billow urn to a giant stone statue . now , we see the hideous protectress of the temple , the obscenely malevolent ombect of the cult 's devotion : the bloodthirsty god - dess kali ! the red-ey priest bow at the base of the statue and gaze reverently at they kali ma . skull surround she stone foot carve serpent twist up she leg , while around she waist there be a guresome belt of human hand . nake to the hip , kali 's hair fall about she four arm . in she hand , she hold a sword , in the second the severe head of a giant . with she other hand she encourage she worshiper , who be chant louder and louder ! kali 's face be loathsome : she earring be two corpse . her evil tongue extend out of she twisted mouth and what look like read blood flow over she long fang and down she naked breast . 98 . int . the wind tunnel 98 . watch from the high open , Willie look disgust . willie what be it ...? indiana it 's a thuggee ceremony . they be whorshipp kali , the goddess of death and destruction . 99 . int . the temple of death 99 . a huge drum sound three time and the chant stop . the silence be chill as another robe figure appear out of the some on the altar . this be mola ram , the High Priest of the thugge cult . mola Ram 's red-rimme eye glare from the sink socket in he sinister face . here be a man who look as vile and diabolic as the unholy goddess rise behind he . up in the wind tunnel , indy stare down at the High Priest and realize that be be mola Ram he see confer with chattar lal in the palace garden . as the drum boom three time more , mola Ram lift one arm up from he emaciate body and suddenly there be a scream ! all head turn toward a unfortunate , struggle indian begin drag out by priest . the man 's face and body be wildly paint . he scream again as he 's tie onto a square iron frame lay atop a large flat stone . mola Ram step forward to the stretch - out victim and the indian look up into the High Priest 's grotesque face -- suddenly mola Ram 's hand shoot out toward the man 's chest -- and pierce it ! the High Priests hand sink into the victim 's write body and rip out he live heart ! 100 . int . the wind tunnel 100 . Willie cover she mouth -- willie oh my God ! he rip out he -- he kill he ! indiana no ... the heart 's still beat ! 101 . int . the altar 101 . indeed , the bloody heart be still beat in mola Ram 's hand ! he lift the heart into the air and the worhipper begin the chant . the multitude Jai mar kali , jai mar kali ! Stranger still , the sacrificial victim be still alive -- there be no evidence of a gash on he chest , only a reddish mark the priest add chain to the iron frame and carry the victim over toward a hoist hang over the crevasse . the man thrashes about helplessly on the iron frame as it be up end and then lower with the victim hang face down -- as the sacrificial victim look down into the crevasse below -- he scream -- and we see the molten lava bubbling crimson at the bottom of the chasm ! 102 . int . the wind tunnel 102 . Willie close she eye but indy and short round watch horrify as the iron frame be lower -- and the bloody heart continue to beat in mola Ram 's hand -- and the molten lava burn and flicker as the scream victim be lower deeper into the crevasse . 103 . int . the temple 103 . the weird paint on the victim 's face start to smoke and sizzle -- the man 's skin blister as he 's lower within foot of the lava . his flesh smoke and he scream one last time as he body burst into flame . the iron frame sink and submerges into the boil fiery lava . 104 . int . the altar 104 . above the crevasse , mola Ram continue to hold the heart in he hand -- the heart be smoking and burst into flame - and disappear ! 105 . int . the temple 105 . the iron frame be raise out of the lava -- the metal glow like a brand iron , but there be no trace of the sacrifice victim . 106 . int . the wind tunnel 106 . as the wind howl again , Willie and short round look sicken and appal by the ceremony . even indy seem shake by what they be witness . the multitude Jai mar kali , jai mar kali ! 107 . int . the altar 107 . moal Ram raise both hand and he voice echoe strange incanta - tion . behind he , three priest carry cloth - wrap object to - ward the altar . 108 . int . the wind tunnel 108 . Willie be cry and she voice be shoke as she turn awa from the hideous ritual -- willie let 's go ! let 's get out of here ! indiana quiet ! 109 . int . the altar 109 . the priest reverently unwrap three conical piece of crystallize quartz . the place the three stone below the sta - tue of kali and slowly the smoke around the altar swirl -- the smoke be draw to the three stone and they actually start in - haling the pirale smoke . the smoke disappear into the stone and the air clear . then the three stone start to glow a haunt incandescent white . 110 . int . the wind tunnel 110 . short round look scared . Willie be still cry -- indy wait , horrify but fascinate . indiana the village know they rock be magic -- but they do not know it be one of the lose sankara Stones ... short round why they glow like that ? indiana legend say that when the stone be bring together the diamond inside of they will glow . Willie wipe she eye and become more interested -- willie diamond ...? 111 . int . the altar 111 . the sankara Stones shimmer brightly , and inside the crystallize quartz , the enormous sparkling diamond of legend be now be - veal . mola Ram stand face kali with he arm outstretch and kneel and bow and then walk off the altar and disappear . 112 . int . the wind tunnel 112 . Indiana see the woshipper below start to leave the temple . he look at Willie and short round . indiana okay -- now listen -- you wait here and keep quiet . Shorty , keep a eye on she . short round nod and hand indy he bullwhip and shoulder bag . Willie see Indiana peer down at the sheer drop below the mouth of the wind tunnel . willie wait -- what be you do ? indiana I be go down . willie down ? down there ?! be you crazy --! indiana I be not leave without that stone . willie you be gonna get kill chase after you damn fortune and glory ! indiana ( look at she ) maybe ...someday . ( smile ) not today . short round I keep my eye peel , indy . Indiana nod and look down at the now empty temple . then he slip down from the mouth of the wind tunnel . 113 . int . the temple wall 113 . Indiana skillfully clumb down a enormous tmeple column -- find - ing foothold on stone cobras , carve lion and the stone breast of dance girl . slowly , he make he way down and swing across a balcony . 114 . int . the balcony 114 . Indiana walk quietly along the balcony overlook the temple . he stop -- between he and the altar be the crevasse with the lava bubbling fire at the bottom . Indiana look across the gulf and see another column near the altar at the top of which stone elephant be perch . indy curl he whip and suddenly let it fly -- the whip crack and its end wrap tightly around the tusk of one of the stone elephant . from the balcony , indy tug the whip taut , take a breath and run -- 115 . int . the crevasse 115 . Indiana leap and swing out on the whip , arching down and up , over the chasm of fiery lava in a spectacular curving jump ! 116 . int . the latar 116 . indy land on he foot and turn to release the whip . short round wave to indy that the coast be clear . indy snap the whip -- it release from the elephant tusk and drop . recurling the whip , indy attaches it to he belt and move to - ward the tower statue of kali . the three sankara stone start to glow and Indiana approach they cautiously . reaching the stone , indy 's face be light by they . he notice that one of they ( 's the stone from mayapore village ) have strange line paint across it . suspiciously , indy touch the stone , but it do not burn . he lift it carefully and peer into it . the enormous diamond sparkles inside . he place the stone in he shoulder bag and reach for the other . 117 . int . the wind tunnel 117 . short round and Willie watch apprehensively as Indiana bag the three stone . 118 . int . the altar 118 . Indiana back away and look up at the horrific statue of kali . it seem to be watch he . he turn and be about to go when he hear something -- it sound like a voice and indy be afraid to turn -- could it be kali ? the he hear other noise echoing and turn slowly . Real - alize the sound be come from behind the altar , indy move around it toward the back . 119 . int . the wind tunnel 119 . short round and Willie be mystify as they see Indiana dissap - pear behind the altar . willie oh hell , where 's he go ? short round look worried . then the wind rush past they quickly and howl its somber musical note . however , the wind sound dif - ferent this time , its tone quavering slightly . short round be puzzle and look around . he feezze when he see two shadowy figure come down the tunnel toward they -- the body cause the tone of the wind to shift eerily -- Willie notice short round pull a dagger from he belt - willie what be you -- ? suddenly she turn and scream as two huge thuggee guard rush at they ! one grab at short round but the kid slashes the guard 's hand with he dagger . Willie try to get past the other guard , but he snatch she by the arm and pull she toward he -- from she training at the col - lege of hard knock , Willie successfully knee the big man in the ball . willie ( cont would ) keep you paw off , letch ! the man groan and sink to he knee . Willie see that short round be in trouble . she run over , leap onto the back of the other guard and start rip he hair out . short round pick up he fall dagger . the big guard lurch backwards and smashes Willie into the rocky wall of the tunnel . Willie fall to the floor . short round approach , hold the man at bay with he dagger . Willie turn as the other guard , the one she kneed , crawl toward she -- Willie scoops up some dirt and throw it . the man claw at he eye and Willie jump up . short round run Willie ! Willie start to run and short round back away , keep the guard at a distance with he dagger . suddenly the guard cry out in Hindi and dive at short round . panick , Shorty try to run after Willie -- but he 's trip . the guard have short round by the foot and drag he back . Willie look around and stop run . she see short round be catch . short round ( cont would ) no! run ! go get help ! Willie hesitates , then run down the tunnel . meanwhile , a mam - moth hand clutches short round 's throat -- the giant guard lift Shorty completely off the ground and the kid look terrify and helpless as he dangle in the air ... 120 . int . chamber behind altar 120 . Indiana enter the dark chamber behind the altar . the only il - lumination be the back - light stream around the silhouett statue of kali . indy slowly cross a narrow stone bridge and move toward a cy - lindrical shaft of light rise up from what appear to be a enormous hole . indy hear voice and the clink of metal against rock as he con - tinue forward . the ground be dark in front of the large hole . he edge toward the precipice and the light rise up illuminate the look of shock on he face as he peer down into Hell ... 121 . int . the thuggee mine 121 . indy look into a deep pit around which concentric path lead off into numerous narrow tunnel . crawl out of this burrow , scrawny child drag sack of dirt and rock . other hollow - eye child pull this sack to mine car wait on rail . strain to lift the rock into the mine car , several of the child slip and fall . bare - chest thuggee guard shout at the enslave child and kick that who have fall . for this child there would seem to be only one hope -- death -- a end to they travail . Indiana edge around the hole , look into the ghastly mine and feel as if he 's discover a inferno of misery as grotesque as Dante 's . indy shift the bag of stone on he shoulder . he hesitates and consider he choice : he have the sankara Stones and can leave with they now ... but indy hear the plead cry of one child and peer down to see a burly thuggee guard beat the pitiful little slave . indy get angrier and angrier as he watch . he finally step over the grab a boulder . he lift it and fling it down into the mine -- 122 . int . the mine 122 . we see Indiana above and the boulder hurtle down -- it crash onto the head of the thuggee guard who hit the ground like a sack of cement ! 12 . int . the chamber 123 . indy see the startle slave child look up at he in shock . he smile victoriously at the thuggees below who have run over to see what happen . indy 's smile seem to fade as he anger turn to surprise as he feel something unnerve : dirt be crumble away from the rim of the hole , a small landslide start beneath he foot . suddenly the floor give way and indy slip ! the entire rim of the hole shear off and indy topple with it and plunge down into the mine toward the assemble guard who scatter -- indy yell as he fall and it echoe ... CUT to : 124 . int . a cell - night 124 . Indiana 's yell continue to echo -- he head jerk suddenly -- indy jolt awake as if come out of a nightmare , awaken by he own reverberate shout . indy be lie on the rocky floor of a dark cave / cell . he lift he hand and discover that they be chain . in the murky light , he see short round sit in chain across the cell . short round indy -- you knock out when you fall . you okay ? Indiana nod groggily . he see a young slave worker in rag sit - ting near short round . through the iron bar of the cell , indy see the child slave in the mine tunnel . short round ( indicate the kid ) this be nainsukh -- from the vil - lage . they bring he here to dig in the mine . indiana why ? nainsukh Children be small -- we can work in tunnel . now I be too old . short round what they do to you now ? nainsukh I pray to shiva -- let I die . but I do not . now -- now the evil of kali take I . short round how ? nainsukh they will make I drink blood of kali . then I fall into black sleep of kali ma ... indiana what be that ? nainsukh I become like they . I be alive -- nut like in nightmare . you drink the blood , you not wake up from nightmare of kali ma . there 's a noise and they see two guard and a priest outside the cell . nainsukh cower in the darkness at the back of the cell , like a trap animal await the inevitable . CUT to : 125 . int . a mine tunnel - night 125 . Indiana and short round be push down a tunnel by guard . they be stop at a door and shove inside . 126 . int . mola ram' chamber 126 . Indiana and short round stumble into the chamber . it be a terri - fy gallery of occult yantras , ritualistic statue and grisly icon of the evil thuggee sect . grotesque statue of kali 's baleful minion line the wall . in a corner , there be another statue of kali herself , drape with flower , necklace of real human skill and slithering belt of live snake . Fresh blood have be splash over the statue and at its base be the three sankara Stones recover from Indiana . mola Ram sit in a yoga position near the statue of kali . mola Ram open he eye and he see Indiana and short round stand in chain before he . mola ram you be catch try to steal the sankara Stones . indiana ( shrugging ) nobody 's perfect . the way I hear it , you steal one of they from a small village . mola Ram stand and gaze transfix at the stone glow on the altar . mola ram there be five stone in the beginning . over the century they be disperse by war , sell off by thief like you ... indiana two be still miss . mola ram no . they be here -- somewhere . a century ago when the british raid this temple and butcher my people , a loyal priest he the last two stone down here in the catacomb . indiana that 's what you have get this chil - dren -- this slave digging for ? mola ram they dig for the gem to support we cause . they also search for the last two stone . soon we will have all five sankara Stones and the thuggees will be all powerful ! indiana nobody can say you do not have a vivid imagination . mola ram you do not believe I ? you will , Dr. Jones . you will become a true believer . the door open and mola Ram bow slightly as the little maharajah enter . indy look surprised and short round tense . mola ram ( cont would ) you highness will witness the thief 's conversion . mola Ram nod and two guard grab indy . they drag he struggle to a rock and chain he to it . short round scuffles as he 's pull aside to watch . remember the High Priest 's earlier open-heart surgery , indi - ana look worried as mola Ram approach he -- maharajah you will not suffer . I recently become of age and taste the blood of kali . now the young initiate come forward and Indiana look startle -- it 's nainsukh . he be wear robe and he eye be glow strangely . nainsukh hand mola Ram a hollow human skull full of blood ! the guard hold Indiana 's head back and force he mouth open . mola Ram tip the skull and blood spill out of its death - grin jaw and flow into Indiana 's mouth . indy gag -- suddenly he spit the blood , spraying mola Ram and the little maharajah . look at he blood - splatter clothes , the mahara - jah be furious . mola ram hold he ! the little prince 's eye glow angrily and he hiss at indy -- maharajah you will learn to obey because you be powerless ! the little maharajah pull a small krtya from he robe -- indy see that the doll have be crudely fashioned to resemble he . maharajah ( cont would ) I control you now ! the maharajah turn and stick the doll into a flame urn . in - diana suddenly cry out and twist in pain as he be burn ! the little prince smile evilly and put the doll back into he robe . then he go over to where indy 's whip and bag have be laid . he grab the bullwhip . maharajah ( cont would ) you tell I that a whip could be a enemy to its owner . we shall see ! turn he over ! as the guard turn indy face down , they rip off he jacket and chain he ahnd to the rock . the maharajah uncurl the whip -- he notice short round smile snidely -- suddenly the maharajah crack the whip -- it lash out and cut into short round 's shoulder . blood appear and short round look stunne by the lash and by the fact the marahajah know who to use the whip . maharajah ( cont would ) as Dr. Jones suggest , I have be practice . the little maharajah whirl and lash the whip again . Indiana jerk as the bullwhip rip through he shirt and tear open he flesh . the maharajah lash again and again -- blood spurt across indy 's tatter shirt . as the whipping continue - short round jump as if he be also be - ing beat . his eye fill with tear as he watch indy suffer . finally , the little maharajah let the whip fall limp . as the maharajah approach indy , short round lunge as he angrily but the guard restrain he . Indiana groan as he 's turn over . blood trickle from he mouth and he stare up hatefully at mola Ram . mola ram the british in India will be slaughter . then we will over - run the Moslems and force they " Allah " to bow to kali . mola Ram be once again give the human skull by a priest and he lift it toward indy 's face -- mola ram ( cont would ) and then the Hebrew God will fall and finally the Christian God will be cast down and forget . indy 's head be hold back and mola Ram spill the blood -- it flow out of the mouth of the skull into indy 's mouth . mola ram ( cont would ) soon kali ma will rule the world ! indy 's eye look horrify as the blood flow from the skull down he choke throat -- some of the blood spill and fall to the floor -- we see the very earth tremble as the evil spread -- a fissure appear beneath indy 's foot and a small line of crimson lava ooze out and smile evilly across the floor ... CUT to : 127 . int . willie' suite - night 127 . diaphanous curtain billow silently into the moonlight room . two exotic bird sit on a golden perch , they eye click watchfully . suddenly the brid shriek and flap away -- Willie stumble through the secret door and fall into the room . insect cover she and she shimper as she knock they off . she manage to stagger to she foot and she head for the door . 128 . int . the palace - night 128. Willie rush out of she room and run through the desert pal - ace look for help . she fly down the moonlit corridor , past the huge wall painting . she stop by a courtyard and call out desperately , but there be no one around . she back away down a hallway and then jump -- see something in a mirror : a face loom behind she and she scream ! Willie whirl and see chattar lal , the Prime Minister , approach - ing she . willie oh my God , you scared I ! listen , you have get to help . we find this tunnel -- Captain blumburtt come around a corner and interrupt -- capt . blumburtt ( to chattar lal ) Jones be not in he room . miss Scott -- my troops be leave at dawn if you want we to escort you to Delhi -- willie no -- you can not go ! something aw - ful 's happen . they have get short round and I think indy 's be -- capt . blumburtt what ? willie we find a tennel that lead to a temple below the palace ! please , come with I , I will show you ! the two man exchange dubious look . Willie grab blumburtt by the arm and they start down the hall . chattar lal miss Scott , you be not make any sense . willie I be afraid they will kill they ! we see horrible thing down there -- they have a human sacrifice and they rip a man 's heart out ! capt . blumburtt who ? willie it 's some kind of cult ! and they have get the sacred stone that indy be search for . chattar lal I sense the fume of opium in all this . prehaps miss Scott pick up the habit in shanghai . willie what be you talk about -- I be not a dope fiend ! I see it ! I will show you ! 129 . int . willie' suite 129 . she lead they into she suite . Willie point to the dark open in the wall . blumburtt pick up a oil lamp and hold it toward the open -- suddenly he jump back as Indiana emerge ! indiana ( smile faintly ) what be we play , hide and seek ? they be all startle . Willie look relieved and rush over to indy and put she arm around he . willie oh , indy , you get away ! tell they what happen , they will not believe I -- he put he arm around she and feel she tremble from fear and anger . he walk she to the bed and help she sit down -- indiana it 's okay . you be all right now . willie they think I be insane . tell they I be not , indy . please -- help I ... the awful event have take they toll and Willie cover she face and cry like a scared kid . indy get she to lie down on the bed . he sit beside she and smile and touch she hair -- indiana hey , I think you be suppose to be a real tropper . Willie ? he wipe the tear from she face and she hold he hand -- willie ( quietly ) what ? indiana you have get to go to sleep now . willie ( softly ) I want to go home ... indiana I do not blame you ... this have not be what you would call a fun vaca - tion ... she smile a little despite herself and he touch she cheek . he eye be already close and he stand up . a servant be enter the suite to take care of Willie . she cov - ser she with a blanket and start drop the mosquito netting as indy walk off toward the verandah with blumburtt and chattar lal . 130 . ext . the verandah - dawn 130 . the first light be break over the mountain peak . come out onto the verandah , indy and the other two man see the cavalry troops break camp below and readying they horse and truck . indiana I have spend by life crawl around in cave and tunnel -- I should not have let somebody like Willie go in there with I . capt . blumburtt miss Scott panicked ? indiana when she see the insect she pass out cold . I carry she back to she room . she be sleep when I re-enter the tunnel to look around . chattar lal as she sleep , she undoubtedly have nightmare . Indiana look at he and nod . indiana then she must have run out of the room and you find she . capt . blumburtt do you discover anything in that tunnel , Dr. Jones ? Indiana stare into the rise sun . indiana nothing . just a dead end . that tunnel 's be desert for year . a sergeant - major shout up to blumburtt that the troops be ready . capt . blumburtt well , Mr. Prime Minister , my be - port will duly note that we find nothing unusual here in pankot . chattar lal I be sure that will please the maharajah , Captain . capt . blumburtt ( to Indiana ) as I say before , we would be happy to escort you to Delhi . indiana thanks , but I do not think Willie be ready to travel yet . CUT to : 131 . ext . the palace road - morning 131 . Dust swirl as the british cavalry move off with they highland piper at the head play a military bagpipe tune . capt. blum - burtt come out of the palace and get into a open car . blumburtt 's car move off behind the cavalry and then the supply truck follow . 132 . int . willie' suite 132 . the whine of the bagpipe be eerily mute in the dark room . through the gently sway mosquito netting , we see Willie asleep on the bed . then through she side of the gauzy netting , we see the door open across the room . Indiana enter quietly and move toward the bed , he eye fix on Willie 's sleep body . indy sit down on the bed slowly . Willie turn in she sleep and open she eye . through the mosquito netting she see indy sit - ting with he back to she . willie indy ? do you walk to they ? indiana yes . willie so now they believe I . indiana yes , they believe you . Indiana speak in a strange monotone . willie then they will send the soldier down into the temple ... Willie look at Indiana 's back and continue quietly . willie ( cont would ) I be scared to death last night when I think they be go to kill you . indiana no ... they will not kill I . willie ( smile faintly ) you know you have be nothing but trouble since I hook up with you -- but I have to admit I would miss you if I lose you ... now Indiana start to turn slowly . indiana you will not lose I , Willie ... she see he turn and he face slowly come toward the mosquito netting -- he face push into the netting and Willie look stunne as indy 's mouth open -- he start hiss grotesquely , smoke billow out of he mouth and the mosquito netting burn OPEN to expose he terrifying face move toward Willie -- she be forzen with fear and unable to utter a sound as indy 's malevolent face loom at she -- and then she notice he eye -- he eye glow a hellish luminscent yellow ! Willie scream !! she suddenly bolt from the bed and try to run -- Indiana go into a rage , rip the mosquito netting from the bed as he fol - low she . indiana no ! I have find it -- you can not -- kali know ! Willie try the door but it 's lock . she see Indiana move toward she ranting incoherently as he smashes a vase out of he way -- indiana -- be too many lie -- there 's no god 's heaven -- just -- the horror ! I have see it -- life preying on life ! Willie cower in a corner , horrify by the transformation she see in Indiana . shout and pace indy hold he head against the pain of he terrible thought -- indiana -- river -- destroy mountain -- a comet in space -- explode ! ( hold he head ) aaahh ! -- the scream -- pitiful people -- they pain -- the hate -- and greed -- always greed ! the light throw he shadow over Willie -- a giant shadow float - ing back and forth over she as she cry in the corner , unable to fight the evil devour Indiana . indiana -- but I have find -- kali 's touch ! death -- no more lie -- the death I have be search for ! ( shouting ) quit cry ! she can hear you -- kali know fear -- do not you under - stand -- kali be freedom ! Indiana stop pace and Willie freeze in terror . now a bizarre yellow light wipe across the room . Indiana turn and watch silently as two thuggee guard emerge from a secret doorway that 's open -- the shadow of the thuggee guard loom over Willie and she scream again ! CUT to : 133 . int . the temple of death - day 133 . a sea of frightening face once again intone the horrible sacri - ficial chant . among the shorshipper , the little maharajah sit on a riase platform . like the other believer , he stare across the crevasse at the altar of kali ma . the wail wind howl out of the high tunnel and the terrifying chant reach a fever pitch . 134 . int . the tmeple altar 134 . and once again the three sacred sankara Stones glow magically . mola Ram materialize evilly amidst the swirl smoke and he begin chant in Sanskrit . beside the altar , half - clad female acolyte pass in front of the robe priest -- with they finger the woman paint two white line across the priest ' forehead . a acolyte move in front of chattar lal -- the Prime Minister be now dress in robe . as the devotional marking be paint on he forehead , chattar lal translate the High Priest 's speech to Indiana who stand next to he . chattar lal mola Ram be tell the faithful of out victory . he say the british have leave the palace , which prove kali ma 's new power . indiana yes , I understand . Indiana bow he head to receive the mystical marking . he lis - ten to mola Ram 's ranting -- indy 's eye be ominously vacant as he stare up at the hideous statue of kali . 135 . int . mine tunnel - day 135 . beneath the temple , down in the bowel of the mountain , the piti - ful child dig at the earth with they finger . a fat guard slouches down the tunnel , flog malingerer with a aleather strap . short round sweat next to the other , claw at the rock , doom to work with they now in they search for the last will sankara Stones . the leather strap suddenly flay short round 's back and he barely manage not to scream out in pain . the fat guard pass -- short round and the other kid pull a large rock which suddenly come loose out of the wall -- ! they fall back and see they have expose a vein of molten lava ! hear they shout , the fat guard return -- yell at they stupidity , he whip they and shove they aside brutally . short round see the fat guard 's eye glow fiercely in anger . suddenly the fissure shoot out steam and spew some molten lava over the guard 's leg . the guard scream and fall to the ground , thrashing about , try - ing to kick the searing lava off he smoking flesh . as the other kid cower , short round 's humane instinct cause he to jump forward to help the guard who moment earlier be beat he -- short round toss dirt on the guard 's leg and grab a gunny sack and start rub the lava off . Shorty notice something strange : the guard 's eye , which be glow yellow before , be now dim - ming and return to normal . the moan guard look at Shorty thankfully and then look around as if waking from a nightmare -- short round ( to another slave kid ) his eye -- they go out . other guard appear and lift the guard -- suddenly he start struggle against the guard not want to return to the night - mare of kali -- fat guard ( as he 's drag away ) no! no ! short round the pain -- the pain make he wake up ! ( think quickly ) indy ! I can make indy wake up ! but the other guard push and beat the child back to work . short round be shove against a wall and groan -- he reach over and grab a large rock , lift it defiantly -- but rather than heaving it at the guard , short round smashes the rock down on the leg chain bind he to the other child . Shorty beat at the chain with the rock , determine to escape . short round indy ! 136 . int . the temple of death 136 . the wind moan and join mola Ram 's voice echoing maniacally over the multitude gather in the enormous temple . on he throne , the little maharajah listen transfix . 137 . int . the altar 137 . chattar lal watch Indiana stare hypnotically at the High Priest as he speak -- chattar lal you understand what he tell we ? indiana kali ma protect we now and for - ever , and we must pledge we devotion by worshipp she with a offer of flesh and blood ! suddenly htere be a heart -rend scream of terror and the priest draf forward the next sacrificial victim -- Indiana 's glow eye watch emotionlessly as Willie be bring out . dress in a rajput maiden 's outfit , Willie have be jewel - ed and drape with flower -- a strange contrast as she struggle desperately . chattar lal you friend have see and she have hear -- now she will not talk . as Willie be drag past she see indy and call to he -- willie indy ! help I ! indy ?! Willie be shocked see that Indiana remain impassive and un - caring as she 's drag to she death . chattar lal ( to indy ) this will prove you devotion to kali . Indiana look away from Willie 's terrify face and stare up adoringly at the monstrous statue of he goddess kali . 138 . int . the mine 138 . in the dark tunnel , a rock smashes down onto a chain -- and break it ! short round be exhaust . he look around furtively and see a guard approach . short round take a chance -- he dive and roll across the tunnel . he duck behind a mine car full of rock be push out by two chain child . the guard lumber past unsuspectingly as short round make he escape use the move mine car as cover . 139 . int . the altar 139 . up in the temple , Willie continue to struggle as she leg be strapped to the iron sacrifical frame . chattar lal grab she hand and tie it down . Willie 's free hand reach out implore - ly toward Indiana -- willie ( hoarsely ) please , God , do not let they do this to I -- help I , indy ! he reach out slowly and Willie grab he hand tightly . indy look into she eye and then stare at she hand -- and slowly lift it and start tie it to the iron frame . willie ( cont would ) no -- no ! Willie cry be disbelief as Indiana calmly betray she . 140 . int . the mine below 140 . short round race up a tunnel and then flatten himself behind a corner . he peer anxiously into a large carve and see two guard walk away . when the coast be clear , short round dart across the cavern to a long wooden ladder tilt up against a wall . short round look up the high ladder and see a kid with a sack of rock descend from a burrow - hole half - way up the wall . the exhaust kid nearly collapse at the bottom -- then jump see short round . Shorty motion for he to keep quiet . amaxed , the kid watch short round scramble up the ladder . Shorty continue until he be high above the floor . dirty face stare out of the high burrow as short round stop climb . the kid be astonished as short round suddenly grunt and kick the ladder away from the wall ! the high ladder fall in a arc and what seem like sure suicide slowly resemble a mini-Indiana june stunt as short round swing to the other side of the fall ladder -- short round hold on for dear life as the ladder crash against the opposite cavern wall -- give short round access to the roof-hole that lead up to the temple ! short round scurries up the ladder and pull himself up into the chamber behind the altar . he look at the light flaring around the statue of kali -- short round indy -- ! 141 . int . the temple of death 141. chain clank and gear grind as the sacrificial frame be raise over the crevasse . stretched out on it , Willie look horrify as she hang suspend face down above the boil lava ! the frame and victim descend slowly into the crevasse and the crowd around the little maharajah chang louder . 142 . int . the rear chamber 142 . short round dash across the dark chamber behind the altar . he peer out and see Willie disappear into the crewasse ! he see Indiana watch impassively -- short round no -- indy -- wake up ! then Shorty see a flame torch hang on a wall bracket and he have a idea . 143 . int . the altar 143 . short round suddenly dart out onto the altar and mola Ram see he and yell . several priest grab for Shorty . he elude the first priest , smashes the second in the stomach with he head , and run like a little quarterback toward the fiery torch -- short round snatch the torch from the wall and charge toward Indiana . see he come , indy 's eye start glow yellow and when short round run up to he , Indiana suddenly swing and backhand the little guy brutally across the face ! the torch fly out of Shorty 's hand as he 's knock against at wall by indy 's vicious blow -- short round wipe a little blood from he chin and stare at he hero in wounded disbelief . chattar lal watch approvingly -- a priest move toward Shorty . chattar lal look back toward the crevasse -- Willie hang on the lowering frame , heat wave rise up now to scald she skin and she choke as the sulphuric air burn she lung ! meanwhile short round be crawl backwards across the floor with a look of terror on he face -- Indiana stalk he , hiss , snarling , he eye lgow -- short round spring to he foot and try to run -- indy grab he and pull he -- Shorty 's hand grab for another wall torch and just manage to yank it free ! Indiana spin short round and clutches he throat . as indy strangle he , short round struggle and finally jam the torch into indy 's side . the fiery torch burn indy , smoking as it sear he flesh , and he yell in pain . short round wake up ! it 's just a nightmare , indy ! wake up , please indy ! Indiana writhes in pain and short round see the evil yellow glow in indy 's eye get dimmer and finally go out . now it seem like theold Indiana stare at he -- short round ( cont would ) indy , you back ? suddenly a priest grab short round and pull he off Indiana . indiana no ! give he to I ! short round be firghtened as indy grab he from the priest . indy lift short round into the air -- short round no , indy , no ! he set short round down on the brink of the crevasse a inch from doom . Shorty look down at the lava and be terrify . Indiana finally flahse he a quick smile and wink ! then Indiana whirl and punch the priest in the face ! short round cheer , realize that Indiana be back . short round ( cont would ) we get to help Willie ! Indiana spring into action , stop another priest with a quick punch in the stomach . then he rush over to the crankwheel and pulley platform . indy jump onto it , yanking one priest off who spill onto the floor . a second priest , who work the control lowering the sacrificial frame , see indy and release the crankwheel -- down in the crevasse , Willie scream as the iron frame suddenly plummet toward the fulminate lava ! on the platform , the priest lunge at Indiana -- indy use the man 's own momentum to throw he over he head . indy then dive for the crankwheel and manage to stop it -- down in the crevasse , the fram jolt to a stop only yard above the spume of fiery lava . the heat be so intense now that wil - lie 's clothes start smoking and she pass out ... on the platform above , Indiana crank furiously , raise the sa - crificial frame . 144 . int . the temple 144 . the chant stop at the kali worshipper notice the battle on the altar . the little maharajah look concerned and leave , shove through the crowd behind he bodyguard . 145 . int . the altar 145 . mola Ram shout at he priest and another one of they run to - ward indy on the platform . short round dive and tackle the priest . chattar lal finally leap onto the crankwheel platform and indy see he pull a dagger . he slashes at Indiana and indy have to let go of the crankwheel -- the gear scream and the chain screech ! below in the crevasse , the iron frame plunge again toward the crimson lava ! on the platform , indy hear the frame lowering and look pan - ick . chattar lal slahse again with the dagger -- keep indy away from the cogwheel mechanism -- indy suddenly kick the dagger from chattar lal 's hand slug he in the stomach and dive toward the cogwheel mechanism . he grab a iron rod and throw it into the gear -- the gear mangle the iron rod but finally grind to a stop . indi - ana grab the crankwheel and start wind it up furiously . meanwhile , short round jump onto the platform with indy and grab a long wrench . he start swinging the wrench , keep the last priest off the platfrom . the sacrificial frame finally rise up into view and Indiana grab it and swing it over onto the platform . he look at wil - lie anxiously as he release she binding -- Willie moan and move she head . indy pull she off the frame and she start cough . gasp for breath , Willie ervive as fresh air flow into she lung . finally Willie open she eye and she see Indiana . then she notice something else and manage to cry out hoarsely -- willie look out -- ! chattar lal grab a pistol from a unconscious guard and Indiana whirl to see he point it -- indy kick the gun from he hand and suddenly chattar lal start shouting in a terrifying voice -- chattar lal 's eye glow as he lunge suicidally at Indiana , at - tempting to take indy with he as he dive from the platform ! crash into indy , chattar lal knock both of they back onto the sacrificial frame which swing out over the crevasse -- indy manage to dive off the frame just in time . he grab hold of the platform as the crankwheel scream and the frame fall ! look up from the depth of the crevasse , we see the frame with chattar lal on it plummete downward into the sulphurous smoke ! the frame finally crash , splash into the molten lava . chattar lal 's body explode inot flame friefly -- he flesh be broil off in a instant -- we glimpse a skeleton momentarily -- and then all be consume and obliterate by the blaze lava . scramble over to short round who jump off the platform and they follow he across the altar . indy see mola Ram quickly collect the sacred sankara Stones . Indiana rush over and spin mola Ram around -- he slug the High Priest in the face and mola Ram keel over backwards against the statue of kali . short round help stuff the sankara Stones into Indiana 's shoulder bag . 146 . int . the rear chamber 146 . short round , Willie and Indiana rush across the chamber behind the altar . they run over to the ladder and start climb down into the mine . 147 . int . the mine Willie follow short round . Indiana jump down last and pull the ladder away , let it crash to the floor so they will not be follow . they draw the attention of the slave child work in the tun - nel around the cavern . but it 's the sight of the approach guard that worry indy -- indiana come on , quick ! they duck into one of the tunnel . as they hide , indy watch the guard pass . willie what be we go to do ? Indiana look around at the silent , frighten child who have stop work in the tunnel and he anger darken -- indiana we be go to get they out of here -- ! then he look at the bag hold the sankara Stones and grow still more determine -- indiana ( cont would ) and then we be go to get this out of here -- ! ( seethe ) and somehow I be go to see this place destroy . 148 . int . the cavern - moment later 148. a gaurd pass hear a voice and stop -- indiana ( o.s. ) ah , sir ? Excuse I -- the guard turn and look amaze to see indy smile at he from the mouth of the tunnel . indiana ( cont would ) listen , I be from the union and I would like to talk about the work condition here . could you step inside a minute ? indy smile again and disappear into the tunnel . in astonished rage , the guard draw he sword and go after indy into the tun - nel -- there 's a pause and then we hear the guard yell ! 149 . int . the tunnel 149 . Willie flatten against the wall as Indiana catapault the big guard past she back into the mine where he 's set upon bu a horde of rebellious slave child . the kid swarm over the guard like jackalas and we see short round pull a key from the struggle guard 's robe . CUT to : 150 . montage - the mine 150 . a key be twisted and the chain be pull from kid ' leg ... elsewhere , more chain be unlock and rattle free . liberate kid spill out of the tunnel ... a guard be trip and attack by a horde of ex-slave ... in another location , kid wrap capture guard in layer of chain ... High up on a ledge , a flee gaurd skid to a stop when he see kid charge at he . he see more kid rush from behind he . the guard scram as he dive off the ledge ... ( end montage ) 151 . int . behind the altar - day 151 . freed child scramble up numerous ladder to escape the mine below . they follow the mass of child move toward the front altar . 152 . int . the altar 152 . on the altar , under the statue of kali , Willie and short round be help indy and some of the bigger child rip down a long wooden panel decorate with hideous kali figure . the child ' escape be block by the chasm separate the altar from the desert sorshipper ' area of the temple . the swell crowd of child push and teeter dangerously on the edge of the fire pit . Indiana and the other carry the wooden panel through the crowd toward the chasm . they stand it up and when indy give thw word they drop it -- the panel crash across the chasm form a plank across which the child now begin run to safety . 153 . int . behind the altar 153 . the last of the child scramble up the ladder and run toward the front of the altar . 154 . int . the altar 154 . the child ' bare foot stomp across the wooden plank -- below they the lava of the fire pit bubbles and show outburst of flame . indy stare at the plank and see that it 's start to smoke from the intese heat rise up . on the far side of the plank , the child safely across scatter through the desert temple toward freedom . Willie and short round help the last kid out onto the plank -- indy see one child 's foot break though the smolder wood -- the kid in front pull the child to safety . Willie and short round start to go out onto the plank but indy shout at they -- indiana no , wait ! he run over and pull they aside -- he step out onto the plank and take a few step to test it -- suddenly the plank burst into flame in the middle . indy take one more step -- and then the plank break ! indy dive back to the ledge of the altar and Willie and short round grab he and pull he up and the wooden plank plummet into the fiery chasm . willie what be we go to do ?! indiana there 's get to be another way out . CUT to : 155 . int . a tunnel 155 . Indiana , Willie and short round run through the desert mine tunnel . they hear a rumbling noise and indy lead they down a side tunnel . they stop and peer into a quarry . 156 . int . the quarry cavern 156 . a large cavern be the depository for the mine car roll in with load of rock . emaciate child ( still unaware of the be - volt and the other child ' escape ) break they back shove the heavily - load mine car . thuggee guard supervise the deaden work , while other oper - eat the pulley - and-hoist system use to drag the car up the slope dump ramp . behind this operation , a thunderous waterfall cascade into a huge cistern . from there , chute deply the rush water to power the large conveyor belt below it . as the car rise up the ramp , they tip and spill rock onto the conveyor belt which carry they toward a awesome stone cylinder that roll relentlessly , crush the rock into sand . from the side tunnel , Indiana watch the noisy operation . indiana that empty car have get to go out of the mine . Willie and short round watch the child push the empty mine car . the car gain momentum and roll away down two dark tun - nel . indiana ( cont would ) come on , let 's see if we can catch a ride ... tey duck out of the tunnel and run for cover behind a slag heap . load mine car roaring down from the mine hurtle past they and crash to a stop against the car in front . indiana ( cont would ) okay , Shorty -- go ! he push short round who dart out after a mine car roar past and dodge across the track before the next one descend . indy push Willie into position and hold she ready -- willie I can not ! indiana go ! after another car crash past , indy shove she . Willie run out -- she shoe get stick and she freeze in the track ! Willie see a rock -fill car blast down out of a tunnel directly toward she ! Indiana dive , knock Willie safely to the ground on the other side of the track -- the heavy car hurtle past and crash into the car in front . indy pull Willie behind a massive wooden post hold up the dump ramp and they hide from a pass gaurd . indiana we have get to get across to the empty car . wait here until I signal you . they watch he run and hurdle a pile of lumber , bound up three step and duck behind a tool shack on the platform . indy reach out and grab one of the pass slave child . they see indy put he hand over the kid 's mouth and whisper to he . he release the kid who sneak away , alert the other child who start make they escape into side tunnel . now indy motion to short round and Willie to follow . as they start to move out they freeze dead in they track and indy motion again angrily -- indiana come on ! Willie and short round see a guard come up the step on the other side of the platform . as the man rise he get taller and taller -- until they see it 's a thuggee giant come up behind Indiana . indiana ( cont would ) come one , what 's wrong ? short round behind you ! Indiana turn and look into the bare chest of the seven - foot tall guard . indy have to look up to see the man 's mean-look face . indiana I see the problem ... Indiana suddenly punch the giant in the stomach -- the giant do not flinch , he just belch rudely . Indiana growl and wind up to take a killer swing -- he step back , cock he arm -- and suddenly turn and run away . no dummy , indy dash over and pick up a piece of wood . the giant start toward he . indy drop the wood and look around for a much larger piece of wood . as the giant stalk toward he , Indiana raise the large piece of lumber -- indy suddenly groan , drop the wood and clutches he stomach . Willie and short round look startle -- willie what happen ? short round shake he head . they see indy recover from the spasm as the giant rush he . indy jump aside , landing on a load mine car that be pass by . the car be be drag up the dump ramp and the giant jump out onto it after Indiana . indy quickly grab a rock and , as the giant rush he , indy smashes the rock against the big man 's skull ! unfortunately , it 's the rock that shatter and not the skull . indy dive to the other end of the mine car and lift a large boulder . suddenly indy drop the boulder and grab he arm , feel a shoot pain again . then he yell as he feel yet another stab - bing pain in he leave leg . willie what 's wrong with he ? Shorty be convuse and worried -- and then he see something ! he look up and there on a rock - cut balcony over the cavern be the little maharajah ! the little prince clutches the clay krtya doll that represent indy . he jab it in the leg with a long sapphire - tip turban pin . on the mine car , indy yell and grab he right leg , which collapse beneath he . short round take off . he dash under the platform toward a bucket - chain carry spend water back up to the cistern . short round leap over the pool of water and grab onto a bucket . he rise up on this make - shift elevator toward the rock balcony and the malicious little maharajah . meanwhile , indy be on the brink of unconsciousness as the giant 's massive hand throttle he neck . indy 's head hang over the end of the mine car and suddenly he eye widen -- the car with indy and the giant reach the peak of the dump ramp and its upend -- spilling both of they and a shower of rock down the conveyor belt ! down below , Willie dodge wooden pillar and weave around quarry equipment , try to follow indy 's battle with the giant . she trip and swear angrily -- Willie push and empty mine car out of she way -- a empty mine car ! she run back and start shove the mine car along the rail toward the conveyor belt . willie I get one ! indy , I get one ! near the waterfall , short round ascend on the rise bucket chain . up on the balcony , the little maharajah chuckle evilly as he watch Indiana on the conveyor belt -- the maharajah lift the clay doll and viciously jab the pin in the back of it ! on the conveyor , Indiana get to he foot and then yell as a stabbing pain lacerate he back ! he fall and writhed helpless - ly as the giant stagger up the rocky conveyor belt toward he . Willie shove the mine car forward . she see indy 's desperate situation as he 's pull along the conveyor toward the rock crusher ! willie indy , look out ! she look up and see short round leap from the bucket - chain onto the balcony . the little maharajah 's eye glow fiendishly as he lift the clay doll -- and jab the pin into the doll 's face . on the conveyor belt , indy yell agonizingly and clutches he stab face ! behind he , rock explode as they be crush and pulverize by the mammoth roller . in front of indy , the thuggee giant grab a pick - axe as the con - veyor slide past a tool bin . the giant approach indy with it . short round dash across the balcny and tackle the maharajah . they fall and fight like mortal enemy . short round see the little maharajah 's eye glow as he punch he in the face . only a few foot away from the rock -smash roller , indy be still on he back on the conveyor belt , thrashing in pain , feel the maharajah 's pin pierce he face . the giant raise the pick - axe above he head and it about to split Indiana in two ! on the balcony , the maharajah drop the doll and short round dive for it -- he grab the clay doll and pull out the pin ! on the conveyor belt , Indiana be suddenly release from the and look up to see the giant swinging the pick -axe . indy roll aside at the last minute ! the pick - axe cleave into the conveyor belt and the giant lurch forward -- indy give he a helpful kick , send the giant fly toward the rock -crusher as indy jump off the conveyor belt ! see the huge roller loom in front of he , the giant crawl desperately against the movement of the conveyor belt -- but he get snag ! the sash around he waist get catch under the roll cursher and he 's drag back under it foot first . the thuggee giant scream hideously as he body be roll over and squash by the enormous stone wheel ! on the balcony , short round be jabbing the pin into the squirming little maharajah . the little pricne 's eye still glow yellow as he holler -- short round how you like bing pin cushion , Mr. rajah - ha-ha ? the little prince roll on the ground and try to fight off short round who keep jabbing he -- suddenly the maharajah swing and the pin be accidentally ram clear through he hand ! Shorty see the pin stick through both side of the kid 's hand . the maharajah stare at he pierce hand , gasp in astonishment . short round notice the yellow glow die out of the maharajah 's eye -- just as indy 's eye clear after he be release from kali 's trance . maharajah please -- pull it out ! short round yank the pin out of the little prince 's hand . the maharajah look like he 's jsut awaken from a bag dream . short round it be the black sleep of kali ... maharajah they make I do evil thing ... may lord krishna forgive I . meanwhile , indy run along the catwalk above the conveyor belt . he jump and grab onto a cross-bard -- he kick out with he foot and knock a quarry guard off the catwalk . the guard fly through the air and topple into the sand pit where he thrashes around blindly under the sand fall from the crusher . across the cavern , Willie shove the roll mine car toward the balcony . willie get down here , Shorty ! I get we a ride ! Willie shirl as another quarry guard rush toward she . she yank the iron brake- handle off the mine car and hold it threat - eningly like a baseball bat -- willie ( cont would ) come on , let 's see hoe hand you head be ! up on the rock balcony , short round lower himself over the edge . the little maharajah grab he arm -- maharajah please -- listen -- to go out you must take the leave tunnel . Shorty look at he and he know he 's tell the truth . short round thanks pal . maharajah I be go to try to find the English soldier . short round good luck . short round slip over the edge and slide down a wet stalactite to the floor of the cavern . there he find Willie swinging the brake-handle and smash the guard in the gut . the man double in pain -- Willie kick he putt and he splashes into the pool of water . willie I do not appreciate be cook like a french fry ! short round Willie , come on ! Willie start push the empty mine car with short round . short round ( cont would ) you do pretty good for a girl ! across the quarry , mola Ram and six temple guard run out onto a high platform next to the waterfall . mola Ram see Willie and short round push the mine cat . mola Ram shout to he man -- two of they pull pistol and open fire ! bullet ricochet off the mine car and short round shove Willie to the far side of the car where they both take cover . meanwhile , up on a catwalk , a guard slice a sword through the air and Indiana duck ! the sword slashes into a wooden railing and the guard try frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slam kis knee up into the guard 's stomach and then smashes he fist down on he neck -- the man collapse . indy hear more gunfire . Indiana rush along the catwalk toward the platform above . he edge against the wall below the platform , stay out of sight as he unfurl he whip . one of mola Ram 's guard fire again from the high platform and Indiana lash the whip -- the whip wrap around the gunman 's arm and indy yank on it -- the gunman topple through the air and crash down onto the cat - walk . indy grab the gun . he kick the guard off the catwalk and the man fall into the waterfall pool . as the other guard fire down at he , Indiana dodge along the catwalk and fire back at they . a bullet explode near mola Ram and he duck back -- meanwhile , short round and Willie have the mine car roll and they jump into it -- short round indy ! hurry ! Indiana spot the roll mine car racing across the quarry . indy take off and run along the catwalk -- bullet explode around he , splintering wood . indy reach the end of the catwalk -- suddenly he dive into the air and catch hold of a block and tacke ! indy skid along the pulley system , slide down a cable toward the mine car in which short round and Willie be riding . bullet whiz past as Indiana sail in the air above the speed mine car - when they be in sync , indy let go and drop into the mine car next to Willie and short round ! mola Ram rush forward and watch the speed mine car roll down the track toward the tunnel -- mola ram they have steal the sankara Stones -- they must be stop ! in the speed mine car , indy see the track separate in two direction -- one back into the quarry , the other toward two tun - nel that lead out of the mine . Indiana lift a shovel from the floor of the car and swing it just in time -- he hit a switch which clang as they speed by and the car be shunt tipsy - turvy onto the track toward the two tunnel . Willie hang on as the car tear down the track toward the tunnel on the right -- and short round look worried -- short round no , indy , it 's leave tunnel . but it 's too late and they all hold on as the mine car shoot donw into the darkness of the echoing tunnel . 157 . int . the tunnel 157 . the wind rush past Indiana as the car descend into the tunnel and pick up speed . Willie hang on with short round -- the mine car roar around a curve and fly fater along the rail . 158 . int . the quarry 158 . back in the quarry , mola Ram supervise the guard as they shove empty car toward the tunnel . carry long khyber rifle , they jump aboard the car . the first one roll into the dark tunnel and the second car speed after it . 159 . int . the tunnel entrance 159 . the two thuggee car shoot past , descend into the darkness in pursuit of the infidel who steal the sankara Stones . 160 . int . the tunnel 160 . the mine car hurtle past . indy sit in front , pull back on the brake - lever to control they speed and keep they from careen - ing off the track . expecting trouble , short round peer over the back end of the car . Willie duck low , watch the heavy beam flash danger - ously close above they head . then Willie 's eye go wide and she groan in terror like a girl on a roller coaster as the mine car suddenly plunge downward , take they stomach with it . a gunshot ring out and short round see the first thuggee car appear around a curve behind they . mola Ram 's gunman start blast . bullet ricochet off the mine car and indy yell back to short round . indiana come here and take the brake ! short round scurries forward and grab the brake from indy . indiana ( cont would ) slow on the curve or we will fly off the track ! short round read you loud and clear , indy ! short round grin as he hold the brake -- Willie realize that this be Shorty 's idea of a good time ! 161 . int . the cavern 161 . up in the quarry , gunman push a third car toward the tunnel , but mola Ram stop they . he shout and they turn and look instead toward the waterfall and huge cistern .... 162 . int . the tunnel 162 . Indiana be crouch in the back of the zoom mine bar blast away with the pistol he capture in the quarry . a gunman in the car behind return he fire , the explosion lighting up the tunnle wall . indy aim and fire again -- the gunman be hit and knock back in the car . another guard with a khyber rifle move up to the front and start fire . meanwhile , as the car go into a hard turn , short round ride the brake -- beneath the car we see the brake - pad scraping on the metal wheel . the tunnel get lower and indy have to duck under each beam fly over and can only pop up to fire between the low beam . the rifleman in the car behind be relade . then he lift he rifle -- indy pop up simultaneously and shoot ! the gunman be hit , he rifle fly up and he head smashes against the beam hurtle above ! scream horribly , the gunman be knock from the speed car like a break doll . 163 . int . the cavern 163 . up in the quarry , mola Ram 's man swing sledge hammer , bashing away at the rock support under the huge water - fill cistern . 164 . int . the tunnel 164 . Indiana run out of bullet . he see the car behind get closer . he toss the pistol and hit a thuggee in the head . another thuggee retrieve indy 's pistol and start reloading it . suddenly indy be be shot at by he own gun and he yell to short round indiana let up on the brake ! short round what ?! indy shove past Willie and take the brake level from Shorty . indiana let she go ! we only chance be outrun they ! willie what above the curve ?! short round look scared as indy release the brake and the car hurtle toward a curve . they grab the side of the car as it tip precariously . behind they , the curve throw the gunman from side to side in the car follow . short round indy , look out ! a sharper curve loom ahead and indy shove the brake completely off ! willie what be you do ?! we be go too fast !! Willie close she eye as they rocket toward the curve . in the car behind , the thugge guard at the brake also shove the brake off -- and look extremely worried . indy 's car hit the curve and the centrifugal force lift the in - side wheel off the rail ! indiana get over on the other side ! Willie and short round jump over to he side as the car whip around the curve ! indy look back and see the car pursue they be also take the curve at full speed -- suddenly the thuggee car swereve dangerously , the weight shift too much to the outside -- and the car derail ! the car bounce off the track and fly through the air into a siding where be crash against a stone wall in a explosion of rock and metal ! piece of debris pommel the drive of the second thuggee car and he quickly grab for the brake to slow down and avoid the same fate ! in the lead car , indy smile smugly as Willie open she eye . indiana one down , one to go ! 165 . int . the cavern above 165 . mola Ram 's guard continue to bash away with sledge hammer at the rock support under the mammoth cistern . one of the support start to crumble -- from above , we see the cistern list to one side and water lap dangerously over the edge as the huge tank creak and sawsy . 166 . int . the tunnel 166 . Indiana and short round heft a railroad tie out of th bottom of the car and Willie watch they lift it onto the back -- as gunfire continue to explode from the car behind they , Indiana and short round shove the railroad tie off the back of the car -- the wooden railroad tie fall and bounce back across the track . the gunman in the car behind spit it and yell in panic -- indy and Willie watch the car behind crash into the railroad tie -- but the tie just skid , catch and bounce up and out of the way like a huge tumble matchstick ! willie anymore idea ...? indiana yeah -- this time you be gonna help ! 167 . int . the cavern 167 . the sledgehammer continue -- until two of the rock support give way ! there be shout as the guard run for cover . mola Ram stand on a platform watch the huge cistern slowly keel over -- the noise be incredible as the colossal tank crash to the ground ! suddenly a half - million gallon of water explode across the cav - cern and surge in a tidal wave toward the tunnel ! 168 . int . the tunnel 168 . the wall of the tunnel flash past and curve appear suddenly out of the darkness as the hair-raise chase continue -- short round and Willie struggle to help indy lift a large boulder from the bottom of the speed mine car . the car descend again into a stretch of much lower tunnel where the beam flash past inch above they . indy judge the beam -- indiana okay -- one -- two -- now ! all three of they groan as they raise the boulder and shove it off the back of the car -- ducking instantly to avoid be de - capitate by the next beam ! look back , they see the gunman pop up between the beam -- and they see the look of terror on the gunman 's face as they see the boulder in front of they ! the thuggee car hit the boulder and upend ! the guard scream horribly as the car tumble end over end , slamm against the tunnel wall , get rip to shred so that finally only piece of metal , wheel and debris fly like a meteorite shower down the tunnel ! Willie whoops for joy and hug indy who smile modestly -- indiana okay , Shorty , hit the brake ! short round dive for the front of the car and ahppily pull the brake lever -- it do not work ! short round yank on it harder -- the brake level suddenly break off ! short round indy !! indy see short round hold up the break brake lever ! indy crawl quickly toward Shorty while Willie hold on for dear life ! completely out of control , the car hurtle down a decline into a section where the tunnel if larger again -- Indiana bend over the front of the car and look underneath . he see the brake tension hang loose from the brake - pad . Indiana pull himself back up and look at Willie and short round . indiana grab onto I -- I be go to try and slow we down from underneath ! Willie look terrify but help short round grab onto indy 's arm and the back of he jacket . he skip over the front of the car and swing a leg underneath -- indy be inch above the rail and the rocky ground blur be - neath the car as he try to kick at the brake - pad . his foot fall and he bump along , drag dangerously for a moment -- indy manage to find a foothold on the undercarriage of the car . as they hold onto he , indy kick again and he foot hit the brake - pad . he shove it and slowly the pad close against the spin wheel ... willie oh no ! Willie and short round look up and see that the tunnel be end ahead and the track dead - end into a stone wall ! indiana what 's wrong ? he look around -- and see the car rocketing directly toward the stone wall ! indy 's foot start kick in high - gear underneath the car -- he slam at the brake - pad with all he strength -- the pad screech against the spin wheeel and start sparking ! the car seem to slow as it shoot toward the end of the tunnel . indy groan and push hard against the smoking brake- pad . the car slow more and more until it run down the last few yard to the dead - end and roll gently to a stop , just nudgeing indy 's back against the wall .... indiana ouch ... Willie look faint as Indiana get to he foot and Shorty jump out of the car . they help Willie out and she stand shakily -- willie I be okay -- I be fine -- I love to flirt with death ... Indiana see that the tunnel ahead continue without any more track . then they hear something -- a strange rumbling sound echoing down the tunnel from behind they . the wall seem to reverberate . look worried , they start walk away down the tunnel . they walk faster as the noise behind they become louder and they keep glance over they shoulder -- willie what 's that ?... indy ?! Indiana be not sure and he pull Willie by the arm and all three of they start jogging . the rumbling behind they sound increasingly ominous and finally they start run full tilt . they rush down the tunnel and the awful noise become defen ! Willie look around again and slow suddenly -- Willie stop dead in she track -- paralyze -- awestruck -- doomed ! Willie see a monster wall of water ( release from the quarry ) as it thunder around a curver -- a mammoth tidal wave crash spec- tacularly against the opposite tunnel wall ! a veritable " tsunami " carome off the tunnel wall and spew furiously forward like a hydrous Juggernaut ! willie ( freeze in she track ) oh ... shit ... Indiana and short round notice that Willie 's sloed and they stop run -- they also see the cataclysm of water crash down the tunnel toward they . indy run back and grab Willie . all three of they take off , run faster than they have ever run in they life ! the tidal wave smashes forward , booming behind they and Indiana realize quickly that they be go to lose this race . suddenly he see a small side - tunnel in a bend ahead -- indiana there ! dive ! they lunge toward the hole and short round dive in it first . Indiana shove Willie into the hole and jump in after she just as the colossal tidal wave explode past ! 169 . int . the chute 169 . the small tunnel drop precipitously and they slide down , shower - ed by the small side - current of water that 's break off from the main force . 170 . int . a large tunnel 170 . they roll and tumble out of the small chute into a larger tunnel . the roar of the tidal wave sound distant and recede as they catch they breath . indiana lucky I find a short cut . look , there 's a light at the end of the tunnel ... suddenly a explosion ! they turn and see the thunder tidal wave crash around a curve and cascade down the tunnel behind they again ! willie some short cut ! they all holler in unison and start run like bat out of hell toward the daylight . the tower wall of water surge relent - lessley after they -- the tidal wave loom up to annihilate they as they race to the mouth of the tunnel -- and Willie scream ! indy grab she and all three of the flail they arm to keep from lose they bal - ance ! 171 . ext . the tunnel exit - day 171 . the tunnel exit midway up a cliff and the three totter precari - ously on the brink look down at a 300 foot sheer drop to a gorge below ! Indiana swing Willie onto a narrow ledge on one side and push short round after she -- he jump himself to the other side just as the tidal wave crash past they ! the water burst out of the tunnel -- the gusher spew forth from the cliffside into the air as if Hoover dam just break lose ! short round and Willie balance on the narrow ledge on one side of the geyser -- indy be perches on the ledge on the other side of the incredible eruption of water . Willie get vertigo look down into the gorge where the water crash at the bottom . there crocodile be disturb and slither angrily . indy look up and see a rope bridge swinging about twenty foot above Willie and short round . indy shout across the blast water -- indiana Willie -- the bridge ! climb up to the bridge ! Willie look frighten . short round nothing to it -- follow I ! he edge along the narrow ledge toward the bridge and Willie follow he . once under the bridge , they start climb up the rock to it . meanwhile , Indiana be scale the cliff face to get over the water geyser to the other side . he grab at scrub brush and find a few perilous foothold as he make he way to the bridge . 172 . ext . the rope bridge 172 . Willie and short round pull themselves up at the end of the bridge . behind they a dark tunnel run back into the mine . what 's in front of they be hardly more reassure -- the rope bridge across the gorge be a century old and defintely be not build by army engineer . laying across the two bottom rope-span , worm - eat and moldy board offer risky footing . vertical side rope connect the bottom rope-span to the two up - per rope that constitute the dangerous hand - railing . short round step tentatively out onto the bridge . it hold he and he turn and smile at Willie -- short round easy like pie ! kid 's stuff ! suddenly the board under he break ! Willie grab short round before he fall into the abyss ! look pale and less cocky , short round start out again and Willie follow he carefully . they continue step across the bridge cautiously , a feat make more difficult by the bridge 's constant sway and the hear - stop up and down movement . behind they , indy finally pull himself up from under the bridge . he stand up and see Willie and short round halfway across already . then he hear something and turn quickly -- he take he whip out and duck to the side of the tunnel as two thuggee guard rush out . indy crack the whip , catch the first guard around the neck -- the guard spill forward and trip the second guard . the first man try to stand but Indiana kick he in the head . the second guard get to he foot and seing he sword -- indy duck , slam he in the stomach and dive for the first guard 's sword . he grab it and roll aside quickly as the second gaurd attempt to slice he in two ! indy get to he foot and immediately find himself about to en - gage in a sword duel with the enraged thuggee guard . indy look at the unfamiliar sword , heft it , and try to quickly decide the best way to use it -- suddenly the guard shout and charge . indy decide shouting must be the " de rigueur " technique and shout back loudly -- the two sword clang and spark as the duel erupt . indy flail and feint and the thuggee guard lunge and slashes . indy finally gain the upper hand and dispatch the thuggee guard who slump defeat into the dirt . keeping the sword , indy start out onto the bridge , walk as quickly as possible across the rickety span . he hear shouting ahead and look worried then temple guard appear at the far end of the bridge . the guard suprise Willie and Shorty as they finally get across the bridge . struggle futilely with the guard , Willie shout at Indiana -- willie indy -- look out behind you ! indy see more thuggee guard rush out of the tunnel behind he . he turn and see two of the tmeple guard who capture Willie and short round come across the bridge in front of he . indy stand helpless in the middle of the sway bridge with guard approach from both side , and nothing but heaven above and the rocky gorge hundred of foot below ! a wind come up and the High Priest , mola Ram , appear on the far end of the bridge . he stand with the guard who hold Willie and short round . the wind whip around indy and he stagger unsteadily on the sway bridge as he watch mola Ram -- indiana let my friend go ! mola Ram shout in Hindi and the guard start to move toward indy from both side of the bridge . indiana ( cont would ) that 's far enough ! mola ram you be in no position to give order , Dr. Jones . Indiana indicate the bag over he shoulder -- indiana you want the stone , let they go and call off you guard ! mola Ram motion and the guard move farther out on both side of the bridge -- suddenly Indiana swing the sword and it cut into one of the bottom rope-span ! the rope be half - severe and fray slowly under the tension ! mola ram impressive , Dr. Jones . but I do not believe you would kill yourself ! mola Ram motion again the he guard ( look more nervous now ) step farther out onto the bridge , mvoing closer to indy from both side . indy swing the sword again , cut into the other rope-span ! it , too , be now partially severe and fray slowly . the bridge jolt and indy and the guard sway precariously ! suddenly mola Ram shove short round out onto the bridge . the High Priest draw a dagger and push Willie onto the sway span , hold the knife behind they both . mola ram ( cont would ) you friend will die with you ! in different time this would be call a mexican stand - off Indiana look at the guard in front and behind he . he see Willie and short round out on the bridge now with mola Ram at they back . indiana then I guess we be all go to take a big dive ! indy and short round 's eye meet -- and the kid realize that he hero be not kid . Willie look at shout round anxiously -- she notice that Shorty be surreptitiously wrapping he foot around a rope support . petrify , Willie also secretly wrap she foot around a rope and do likewise with she arm -- mola ram give I the stone ! indiana mola Ram -- you be about to meet kali -- in Hell ! Indiana swing the sword with all he might -- it whoosh through the air and slashes clear through the top and bottom rope --! immediately mola Ram 's guard start to flee in panic -- too late ! Indiana swing the sword again and the two rope on the other side be severe -- the rope bridge be shear in two ! it break in the middle and both halve fall apart ! the guard scream horribly in the air as they plunge down into the rocky gorge ! Willie and short round cling to they establish foothold and fall with the bridge toward the wall of the gorge . mola Ram spill forward , clutching desperately at the rope and slat -- below they , Indiana have latch onto a rope and swing with the bridge as it hit the gorge wall and hang vertically now , dang - ling from its mooring at the top . there 's a instant of suspend animation as all who remain alive realize they be alive . short round and Willie cling near the top of the now vertical bridge . below they , mola Ram clutches onto one of the main rope while directly above he the last of he guard hold on for dear life . short round and Willie struggle upwards , clutching rope and step on slat . finally , short round heave himself up onto solid ground and turn to help Willie up . meanwhile , dangle below on the bridge , indy reach up and grab mola Ram 's leg . the High Priest kick and try to break indy 's grip . he kick again and smashes indy in the face . indy will not let go . suddenly the High Priest reach up and grab he own thuggee guard and yank he down by the front of he shirt -- mola Ram shove the luckless guard down onto indy , try to dislodge he by sacrifice the scream thuggee . indy manage to hang on . the thuggee be less fortunate and fall scream to he death . then mola Ram look across the gorge and yell . indy see a dozen of the last thuggee guard stream out of the tunnel -- only to be strand on the far side of the now bridgeless gorge . indy start climb up after mola Ram again . he grab at the back of mola Ram 's robe and pull he down . slip , mola Ram turn and it 's indy 's chance to punch mola Ram in the face . mola Ram 's eye be glow yellow and he 's shouting incoherent - ly . he grab the strap of indy 's shoulder bag and stamp on in - dy 's hand -- indy fall ! Indiana slip downward , scramble to catch hol of something -- meanwhile , mola Ram now have the bag with the sankara Stones . indy finally stop he downward slide and dangle dangerously near the bottom of the bridge . across the gorge , the thuggee guard run up a path to a small gove of tree grow on a plateau above the gorge . the guard have bow and arrow and take fire position -- at the top of the bridge , mola Ram keep climb until rock start poundinghim from above -- Willie and short round pely he with rock which he try to block with he arm . Indiana start to climb again , use all he strength . he reach for a wooden slat -- suddenly a flame arrow smashes into the wood ! indy turn in amazement and see more flame arrow rocketing across the chasm directy for he ! across the gorge , by the grove of tree , a thuggee priest yell order to the archer who continue to launch the flame arrow . Indiana crawl up as the bridge start to burn from the continu - ing burst of fiery arrow . at the top , mola Ram reach up des - perately for a hand old -- Willie smashes he hand with a rock ! the High Priest yell in pain and slip down to where indy slug he again in the face ! they struggle as the fire burn up from beneath they . on the cliff above the fall bridge , Willie watch the fire rise toward indy and mola Ram as they fight . short round turn and see something -- short round Willie , look ! they see horse gallop through a narrow pass -- the british cavalry be return . Captain blumburtt and the first troops draw up they forse and dismount quickly . a fussilade of flame arrow force the british to take cover -- they quickly start fire back at the thuggees with rifle . as the battle above the gorge continue , indy and mola Ram fight below on the dangle bridge -- Indiana see the High Priest 's eye begin glow and he hiss insanely . mola Ram 's hand thrust out toward Indiana 's chest and indy yell in pain -- indy look down and writhes terrify as he see mola Ram 's hand start to enter he chest ( as it enter the victim 's chest during the temple sacrifice ) ! mola Ram 's finger be inching into indy 's body -- indy clutches at mola Ram 's pierce hand , try to keep the deadly finger away from he heart . slowly , indy be able to push mola Ram 's hand away and he finger withdraw from indy 's chest . Indiana suddenly slug the High Priest in the face and grab for the bag of sankara Stones -- mola ram no , the stone be mine ! indiana you be betrayed shiva . *( he be - peat in Sanskrit sankara 's warn - ing ) as indy pronounce the magical word , the bag begin glow and start to burn mola Ram as he clutches it -- the stone begin to spill out of the bag and the High Priest grab from they . indiana ( cont would ) *( he repeat sankara 's warning in Sanskrit ) the blaze stone sear mola Ram 's flesh and he scream in pain . the light suddenly die in he eye and for one instant he look at indy as if awaken from a nightmare -- mola Ram lose he balance and indy grab for the stone . he manage to clutch only one of they as mola Ram scream and fall ! indy see the stone in he hand suddenly cool . he watch mola Ram plummete downward into the chasm and finally crash into the jag rock at the bottom . the irritate crocodile be disturb once more -- but soon well - come the meal that just drop in . jaw flash and tooth rip at the High Priest 's likeless corpse . and indy 's bag with the sankara Stones sink into the murkly cur - rent and disappear down the river ... 173 . ext . the cliff 173. Indiana crawl up the burn bridge and Willie and short round reach for he at the top . they pull he up onto the cliff and they all look around exhaust -- across the gorge , more british troops emerge from the mine tun - nel to subdue the remain thuggee guard on that side . finally the little maharajah come out of the dark mine tunnel . he see short round across the gorge -- and bow to thank he for he help . on the other side , short round wave he cap , salute he back . Willie stand at the edge of the gorge look down into the riv - er far below . willie I guess mola Ram get what he want . indiana not quite . she see indy reach into he pocket . he pull something out slowly -- as she watch he reveal a crystal stone -- indiana ( cont would ) the last sankara Stone . short round watch Willie take it carefully from Indiana . she gaze at it and look delighted -- willie and the diamond hide inside ... Willie hold the stone up to the sun and it sparkles and flash CUT to 174 . ext . the mayapore hill - day 174 . the sun flare and silhouettes three figure come over a hilltop . behinf they we see more smaller silhouettes appear over the rise . Indiana , Willie and short round walk back down the dirt road into mayapore -- follow by a multitude of child return to they homeland . Willie look at the change landscape and seem astonished : the barren countryside have be reborn . they see stream flow beneath green tree , flower bloom and peasant harvest golden grain in the field . 175 . ext . mayapore village 175 . Indiana , Willie and short round lead the child down the village road . ahead they see villager rebuild they primi - tive dwelling . now they hear shout of joy from the peasant . the child return home start run to meet they parent who be rush - ing out to greet they . there be laughter and tear as family be reunite . Indiana see the old shaman approach with the chieftain and the village elder . the shaman touch he finger to he forehead and bow . the three traveler return he greeting and the shaman be quite move as he speak to Indiana -- shaman we know you be come back -- ( indicate the countryside ) -- when life return to we village . willie it 's a real miracle . shaman now you see the magic of the " rock " you bring back . the old shaman smile wisely at Indiana . indy take the stone out of he bag and unwrap it . indiana yes , I have see its power Willie watch the shaman take it reverently and bow to they . the shaman join the elder and they walk to the village 's small sacred mound . indy and Willie stay back . they see he kneel and replace the stone in its niche . indiana the last sankara Stone . willie and they do not even know what it really be . indiana ( smile at she ) well , you do not get you prince , and there go you diamond . willie you do not do so well yourself . find that stone could have get - ten you all the fortune and glory you be talk about . indiana it 's still a long way to Delhi . who know what might happen . she look at he like he 's crazy . willie oh no , I be find a native guide who know the way . no more de - tour for I , thank you Dr. Jones . she turn and start walk away continue to complain -- willie ( cont would ) if you think I be go to Delhi or anyplace else with you , after all the trouble you have get I into ... suddenly the bullwhip crack and wrap around she waist . Star - tle Willie look angry as Indiana reel she in , pull she to - ward he and into he arm . but when he finally kiss she , she do not seem to mind at all ... short round shake he head , but look sort of pleased . when he turn away , he face light up ! short round run toward the sunset , toward the three elephant be bring back to the village . the baby elephant start walk faster , as if he recognize short round run out to meet he ... the end