window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app56.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=2849;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.kino.orc.ru:80/continue/indiana_jones_4_2.html " , " 20010306195243 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 983908363 " ) ; indiana jone iv indiana jone iv a.k.a. Indiana Jones and the monkey King a.k.a. Indiana Jones and the Garden of life a screenplay by Chris Columbus first draft 2/10/95 underwater - close - up : a brightly color fly , attach to a dangle , fishing line . a large salmon swim to the fly . the salmon examine the fly , decide whether or not to bite . camera pan upward , tracking the line and move out of the water . we pass the crooked board of a small rowboat and continue to pan upward . a man recline in the boat . napping . his hand gently grip a wooden fishing pole . he be handsomely dress in sportsman be trousers and a blazer . his green , tweed fishing hat be lower over he face . its brim be fill with various type of tackle and bait . it be dusk . a warm , summer evening . the boat rest on a calm lake , surround by moor . thick night fog have begin to settle over the entire area . title : scotland . 1937 . suddenly , the man 's fishing line become taut . the wooden pole buckle . the man stir . he sit up , move the hat from he face . camera dolly forward , into a close up of the man . it be indiana jone . his face anxious ... hopeful ... indy begin to reel in he catch . a voice interrupt . in the distance . macgowan ( o.s. ) Doctor Jones !... Doctor Jones !... indy turn to the direction of the sound , still struggling with the line . indiana's Pov countless orange flame sparkle across the moor . the torch be be carry by several member of a small village . the villager be gather behind a group of six policemen . the policeman be head by inspector angus macgowan , a plump , bald fellow , with a veiny , bulbous nose , beady green eye and a thick , curl red moustache . macgowan shout to indy . macgowan we need you assistance ! indiana ( struggle with the fishing line ) c'mon , Mac ... it 's the first bite I have have all week ... macgowan please ... it 's very importantl ... Indiana struggle a bit longer with the line . but he conscience prevail and indy drop the fishing pole . with a grumble , he rows back to shore . the moor - several minute later night have fall . it be very dark . a reluctant Indiana have join the Inspector and the other policeman . they lead the townspeople along the foggy moor . slowly , carefully , the villager search ... creeping ... they face tense , many unable to hide they fear . a summer wind send a eeire howl whistling through the night air . Blue moonlight bathes the moor , create stark , frightening shadow . a expression of anger and annoyance cover Indiana 's face . he grumble to macgowan . indiana do you value we friendship , Mac ? macgowan more than I ' nightly pint . indiana then this better not be some wild goose chase ... macgowan t'ai not wild geese we be after , Doctor Jones . you get I ' word on that ... ( sincere ) ... and a macgowan 's word be truer than a angel 's kiss ! there be a sudden scream ! one of the villager stumble upon something . everyone gather around the villager . a corpse lie before they . the body have a somewhat rubbery appearance , as if all of its bone have be broken . the man 's pale , greenish face be frozen in a hideous grimace . Indiana and macgowan stare in shock . the villager whisper among themselves . young man scotty Ferguson . old woman he 's the eighth . man just like the other ... all he bone bust ... crush ... old man whatever 's killin ' people around here be not human . woman ( point offscreen ) it 's there ! again ! the woman shoot forward . the police and the townspeople be right behind she . a curious Indiana follows . the woman stop in a clearing . she be pointing ahead . the villager surround she . they stare ahead , in the direction where the woman point . nearly a mile in the distance , we see a ancient scottish castle . a enormous , 16th century stone structure . tall , forbode tower , line with menace gargoyle , pierce the night sky . the castle appear deserted . its interior be completely dark , save for a small , flicker candlelight . it burn from the castle 's upstair window . Indiana give a questioning look to macgowan . the inpector point to the castle 's upstairs window . macgowan that light ... only burn after a murder 's be commit . indiana ( nod , turn toward the castle ) let 's go . the villager step back . eye wide with fear . murmer of ' ai not goin ' in there ' , ' nor I ' , ' get I a wife and kid ' , be hear from the terrified villager . Indiana turn to macgowan . even the usually sturdy Inspector be trembling . but macgowan turn to he man , forcing himself to be strong . macgowan well ... ahmmmm ... that be what we be here for ...eh , man ?...ah ... ( point to man ) hennesey ... galbraith ... bottomley ... you be comin ' with we . as each man be call , the color leave he face . the choose policeman reluctantly join the Inspector and Indiana , as they begin walk toward the castle . the remain villager and policeman stay behind . waiting . the elderly woman kiss the crucifix that hang from she neck . she stare at the depart man . elderly woman May God help they . CUT to : the castle door . two enormous wooden door , cover with intricate carving of demon , serpent and gargoyle , adorn the castle entrance . Indiana and the police stand before the door . indy glance to the upstairs window . the candle still flicker . a long , wooden bar , carve into the shape of a serpent , be fastened through the metal door latch . it block the castle entrance . indy and the policeman grab hold of the bar . it be extremely heavy . use all of they strength , they manage to slide the bar out of the door latch . it hit the ground with a thud , roll down the castle stair . Indiana clutch the rusty , metal door handle . he pull . hard . the door creak . groan . and slowly OPEN . a thick cloud of dust explode from inside of the castle . it blows out all of the torch . behind the open door , there be only total darkness . Indiana enter , hold the flashlight before he . the policeman exchange frightened glance . Inspector macgowan shove they through the open door . int . castle indy 's flashlight beam glaze over the castle 's interior . it be a stone palace . filled with elaborate , antique furnishings , macabre sculpture and oil painting . the place be bath in dust . thick cobweb fill each corner . it be extremely cold . the man 's breath be visible . hennesey rub he fold arm . hennesey it 's deathly cold in 'ere . how could a human bein ' survive ?... hear this , the other policeman exchange terrified glance . Indiana shine he flashlight to a twisting , stone staircase . the staircase spiral upward along a far wall , lead to the second floor . a faint glimmer of light emanate from the top of the stair . Indiana move forward . the policeman follow . Indiana ascend the stair . slowly . silently . toward the light . macgowan and the other be directly behind indy . as he make he way to the top , Indiana examine the bizarre oil painting that line the wall . there be various portrait and landsccape , depict everything from military battle to sunday picnic . but the unsettle quality of the picture , be that they each feature the same white haire , elderly man . indy comment to mac. indiana this guy 's get one hell of a ego . macgowan Baron seamus seagrove III . some say 'e walk the moor every midnight ... other claim e's be dead for year ... indy arrive at the top of the stair . his hand rest on a sculpture that be part of the bannister . the sculpture be a bust of baron seagrove . Indiana make he way to the first doorway , where the light emanate . the door be wide OPEN . a thick cobweb cover the entrance . indy wipe away the web , and enter the room . the policeman draw they pistol . they follow . int . room a bedroom . desert , except for a few piece of elaborate , ancient furniture and a large canopy bed . everything in the room be cake with dust and cobweb ... save for the burn candle . it rest on the windowsill , in a sparkling , sterling silver holder . it bathes the room in orange light . Indiana walk toward the candle . Arm outstrech , he prepare to lift it . the policeman watch . shivering . silent . tightly grip they pistol . indy 's finger be inches from the candlestick . suddenly ... there be a loud whoosh ! the candle goe out ! Indiana drop he flashlight . there be total darkness . we hear the distant , manical laugh of a man . it echoes through the castle . indy retrieve the flashlight , click it back on . the candle have disappeared ! the laugh have sobsided . macgowan look at he man . a troobled look cover the Inspector 's face . macgowan 's eye dart about the room . hennesy be gone ! macgowan hennesey ?... hennesey ?... galbraith ( panic ) ' E be standin ' right 'ere ! just a second ago ... standin ' right beside I !... the soond of a bell ! a thick , dull ringing ! in the distance ! it send a chill through the man . Indiana dart out of the room . following the sound . the policeman be right behind he . int . castle indy and the Police hurry down the stair . the ringing bell continue . macgowan be calling for hennesey . indy dash to a door along the far wall . he open it . it lead into a dark basement . the sound of the ringing bell echoe from inside . Indiana enter , motion for the other to follow . int . basement a decrepit , narrow , wooden stairway lead into the basement . indy hold tightly to he flashlight . the policeman be clustered behind he , take each step with extreme caution . the board creak and groan with they every move . macgowan leans to he side , call for hennesey . macgowan 's weight cause the rotted bannister to SNAP in two ! he lose he foot ! falling off the side of the stair ! Indiana 's arm shoot out ! grabbing hold of macgowan 's collar . indy pull macgowan back to safety . macgowan catch he breath . shaking . macgowan thanks for catchin ' I . indiana I would rather be catchin ' trout . they continue down the stair , arrivifig at the bottom . it be a large , musty stone basement . the slimy wall be cover with a GREEN moss . there be several door along the basement wall . the sound of the ringing bell be much louder down here . Indiana move to the first door . he reach for the handle . the policeman draw they pistol . indy open the door . a large object shoot out from inside ! Rolling toward the man ! the policeman FIRE they gun . several shot ring out . the object come to a stop . a deep red liquid pour out onto the floor . indy dip he finger into the liquid . he tastes . indiana interesting blood type ... the policeman stare . wide eyed . indy smile . indiana cabernet sauvignon . 1897 . indy 's flashlight beam shine ahead , illuminating the ' mysterious object ' , a wine barrel . and inside the room , be a desert wine cellar . suddenly , a loud creak echoe through the basement . galbraith cry out . galbraith ( point off screen ) look ! everyone turn . a large stone door , build into the wall , slowly open . indy and the police stare in amazement . the door stop . Wide OPEN . a flickering light glimmer from inside . Indiana walk to the open . he peer into the open . the Police stay a few step behind . behind the door a family crypt . Stone coffins , with glass cover top , line the crypt wall . macabre , ghastly RELIGIOUS statue decorate the room . countless death mask cover the ceiling , all carve with that same frighteningly familiar face ... baron seagrove ! camera dolly to the far corner of the crypt . it stop on a close - up of the candlestick ! the exact candle from upstairs ! still burning ! it rest on one of the coffin 's glass top . a trembling macgowan step back , away from the crypt . be blurt a order to he man . macgowan galbraith ... you come with I ! we will search for hennesey ... out here ! bottomley ... you go with Doctor Jones ... ( finger shaking , point to inside of crypt ) in there . macgowan and galbraith nearly fall over each other as they scramble away from the crypt . the two dash off into another section of the basement . indy shake he head . he enter the crypt . a reluctant and very frighten bottomley follows . int . crypt indy 's flashlight beam dance across the glass coffin top . decaye corpse smile from inside , they hand tightly clutching crucifix . bottomley be horrified by the sight . Indiana continue ahead . he pass the burn candle , move further into the darkness of the crypt . the shiver bottomley stay directly behind indy . with they every step , the bell 's ringing grow louder ... louder ... Indiana and bottomley arrive in a circular chamber , locate at the far end of the crypt . here , the ringing bell be nearly deafening . the sound echoe from above . we be on the floor of the bell tower . Indiana shine he flashlight upward . the beam stop on a ringing bell that hang several feet in the air . Inside of the bell , dangle by he foot , be the dead body of hennesey ! he have replaced the bell clapper ! his body swing back and forth . it slam into the side of the bell . cause the dull ringing . bottomley scream . Indiana grab bottomley 's arm . indiana let 's get outta ' here . indy and bottomley turn to the crypt door . it begin to close ! the two man dash forward . the door continue to close . indy and bottomley be only inches away ... when the door slam shut ! they push and kick at the door . no good . it won't budge . a panicked bottomley call for help . bottomley Inspector macgowan ! galbraith ! open the door ! use he flashlight , indy scan the door , look for a crack , another way out . indy nudge bottomley . indiana ( motion to candle ) I need more light . bottomley hurrie to the candle . he reach out . there be a loud whoosh ! the candle flame goe out ! follow by total darkness ! indy turn from the door . indiana bottomley ?... no answer . indy shine he flashlight toward the area . the candle be gone . there be no sign of bottomley . Indiana take a step forward . indiana bottomley ?... again , no answer . indy sweep the flashlight beam across the room . it pass one of the coffin ... then shoot back ! indy be meet with a shocking sight ! bottomley lie inside the coffin ! dead ! his face twisted in a ghoulish smile . all of he bone broken . his hand be wrap around a crucifix . indy stare in horror . there be a SOUND . footstep . there be someone else in here . indy 's flashlight beam dart around the crypt . there be no sign of anyone . indiana who be it ?... who 's there ?... the same craze laugh of a man echoe through the crypt . a chill indy turn back to the door . he be startle to find the crypt door cover with a thick sheet of ice ! indy reach out . he touch the sparkling , green ice . he snap back he hand . his finger be burnt . int . basement macgowan and galbraith be outside of the crypt door . they pull at the door 's metal handle . try to OPEN it . but the door won't move . macgowan call through the door . macgowan Doctor Jones ! try to push ! int . crypt indy answer , take a step back . indiana can not ! there 's some kinda ' hot ice coverin ' the ... Indiana suddenly fall ! the floor have disappeared from beneath he ! indy manage to grab hold of a stone coffin . his finger tightly grip the coffin 's edge . Indiana look down . beneath he , be a several hundre foot drop into total darkness ! indy try to pull himself up . the coffin 's ancient stone begin to crumble . large chunks and piece fall from indy 's grasp . he be losing he grip . second before he plummet into the abyss , Indiana reach inside of the coffin . he clutches onto a corpse's arm ! use the arm , indy swing downward . int . abyss at the precise moment , Indiana release the dead arm . he land on a rocky ledge . locate only a few foot below the open crypt floor . indy stand on the ledge . safe . he smile . relieved . suddenly , the ledge snap ! Indiana fall ! his body drop hundred of foot into the blackness . a moment pass . then ... we hear a splash ! bottom of the hole ! a pool of water ! surrounded by rocky , cavernous wall . Indiana 's hat float on the water 's surface . indy pop out of the water , bob up beside the hat . indy reach for the hat . suddenly , a fish flap out of the water . the fish gobbles up one of the hat 's live bait and disappear back underwater . indy smirk . indiana now they bite ! indy attempt to pull himself out of the water . there be a loud SOUND . grind metal . rattling chain . indy 's eye dart to he side . two horizontal metal gate eject from the cavern wall ! they shoot across the water ! like lightning ! they be head toward each other ... and indy 's head ! indy dive underwater . the gate SNAP shut ! less than a inch above the water 's surface ! indy attempt to resurface . the close gate stop he . he clutch the grate , try to move the gate . it 's too strong ! indy struggle for air . no good . there be not enough space . he 's go to drown ! underwater in desperation , indy swim downward . look for a alternate escape . but there be no bottom in sight . indy 's eye bulge . his face lose color . only a few precious second of life remain ... when suddenly , he spot something . a SMALL tunnel . built into the cavern wall . Indiana hurriedly swim to the tunnel . he bolt inside . a water fountain . a large , three tiered stone structure . instead of the familiar carving of angel and beautiful maiden , this fountain be surround with water spew demon , gargoyle and hellish beast . camera dolly to a large metal drain , locate inside of the fountain 's base . the drain cover begin to turn . suddenly flipping OPEN ! Indiana crawl out of the open . he gulp at the air . color return to he face . life return to he body . indy rise to he foot . he find himself stand in the fountain . indy'' Pov he be inside of a banquet room . the sprawling room be beautifully decorate in victorian dignity . the room be immaculate . not one speck of dust . two medieval suit of armor adorn one wall . a gargantuan crystal chandelier hang above a long , mahogany banquet table . at the far end of the table , sit a shrivel , white haire elderly man . it be baron seamus seagrove III , the fellow whose likeness appear in every piece of artwork . Baron seagrove be calmly eat he dinner . a bloat roasted pig rest on a silver platter before he . the same candle we see burn in the upstairs room and the family crypt , now rest on the table . directly beside the Baron . two powerful , muscular mastiff be tie to Baron seagrove 's chair . teeth bare . eye aelaze . the hound fight for a scrap of meat . Indiana stare in bewilderment at the new surroundings . he step out of the fountain . Baron seagrove seem unaware of indy 's presense . Indiana walk toward the Baron . indiana Excuse I , sir ...? hello ...? Baron seagrove doe not look up from he plate . indy move closer . he speak louder . indiana canyou hear I ?... close - up : beneath the table Baron seagrove 's hand nonchalantly untie the mastiff 's binding . indiana still walk toward the table . the Baron continue to ignore he . indy be annoyed . indiana listen , pal ... there be two dead policeman upstairs and ... the mastiff leap forward . coming at Indiana . he try to get away . too slow . the hound be upon he . tearing . clawing . biting . they drag indy to the floor . Baron seagrove continue to enjoy he dinner , seemingly oblivious to the scene before he . Indiana fight for he life . the vicious dog tear at he clothing and skin . indy spot something . on the wall above . hanging amidst a display of stuff animal head , be a hunter's trumpet . indy struggle to he knee . try to reach for the horn . but the dog be still biting . clawing . weakening Indiana . indy 's finger be inches from the horn . the mastiff ' sharp claw rip at he arm . but indy manage to snatch the trumpet . he quickly move the horn to he lip . he blows . hard . a high , piercing note fill the air . the dog respond to the SOUND . they halt . stopping they attack . for a moment . tatter and bruise , Indiana leap to he foot . he drop the horn . he run . the mastiff come to they sense . they dart after indy . mouth foaming . Baron seagrove continue to dine , still ignoring the action . indy run to a velvet curtain . he grab hold of a long , thick rope that be attach to the curtain . Indiana tear the curtain from the wall . a large stained glass window be behind the curtain . the first mastiff leap at indy . Indiana quickly drape the curtain over the hound . indy tie a large knot in the open curtain end . the dog be trapped . indy turn . the second mastiff be only a few feet away . barrelling toward indy . Indiana hop to the window ledge . he open the window . the mastiff leap upward ! Indiana jump out of the window ! the dog follows indy , also jumping out of the window ! ext . window the mastiff fall . Flying hundred of foot into the rocky water below . the hound 's vicious howl fade . camera pan from the water and stop on indiana jone ! indy have outsmarted the mastiff . be hang onto the swinging window frame . safe . he leap back inside the room . int . banquet room Baron seagrove pour himself a glass of wine . a very angry Indiana walk toward the Baron . indiana Chow time 's over , mister . you better start talkin' . the Baron still ignore Indiana . indiana there 's a lot of strange thing happen around here ... a suit of armor , locate a few foot behind indy , suddenly twitches . its arm lower . its head slowly turn . Indiana still walk toward the Baron , who be only concerned with spread butter on he bread . indy shout . indiana ... and I want some answer ! do you hear I ? ( louder ) I want some answer ! now ! there be a loud creak of metal . a huge , sharp battle axe shoot into frame ! swinging toward indy 's head ! Indiana spin . the axe be only inches from he face . indy leap back . whoosh ! the axe slice through the air . just missing indy . the shake Indiana be shocked to see a glistening , black suit of armor ! the black knight be nearly seven feet tall ! it have come to life and be walk toward indy . the black knight be wildly swinging the battle axe . Indiana continue to step back ... back ... unbeknownst to indy , he step be lead he toward another suit of armor ! also over seven foot tall , this armor be make of a silvery , white metal ! as indy move closer , the white knight open its arm ! when indy be within reach , the white knight lock its powerful arm around indy 's chest ! Indiana tries to break free . no good . the white knight 's grip be too tight . indy be trapped ! the black knight still come toward Indiana . its frenzied axe swing back and forth . indy still struggle with the white knight 's bone crunching grip . the black knight be only a few feet from indy . its deadly axe blade inches from indy 's face . Indiana move fast . he jerk he body forward . this flip the white knight off its foot ! over indy 's head . the white knight fly into the black knight . crash ! this send both knight falling to the floor . Indiana shoot to he foot . the two knight leap to they foot . they chase indy . the black knight armed with he axe , the white knight armed with a long , sharp sword ! Baron seagrove spoons another help of boil potato onto he plate . indy snatch a shield and sword from a nearby wall display . ready to fight . the knight be upon he . Indiana battle both knight . he defend the bludgeon battle axe with he shield , and swordfight the other knight ! thrash ! clang ! the sound of heavy metal fill the room ! indy 's sword strike the white knight 's thick chest . the sword snap in two . in the confusion , indy 's shield be knocked from he hand by the powerful battle axe . indy be defensless . the two metal giant raise they weapon . high . aiming for indy 's head . the two knight swing ! indy dive to the floor ! the knight can't stop they weapon in time ... crunch ! they deliver a hard blow to each other ! the woozy knight wobble and spin . in a momentary daze . Indiana jump to he foot . the black knight hiss . furious . he dash after Indiana . the white knight be still reeling from the blow . see the black knight in hot pursuit , indy search for a weapon . he spot the curtain 's long , thick rope . lying on the floor . the black knight be nearly upon indy . axe raised ! Indiana grab the rope . he spin . facing the knight . indy snap he wrist ! a loud crack ! the rope shoot forward ! not unlike Indiana 's familiar whip ! the rope wrap itself around the black knight 's neck . indy jerk the whip forward . hard . this send the knight flying through the AIR ! the knight crash into the stone foontain ! several of the fountain 's sculpture shatter into piece . the daze , dent black knight attempt to stand ... but lose he foot . the knight fall backward . into the fountain 's wide drain open ! its heavy armor cause the knight to sink . disappearing into the hole . into the pool of water . indy catch he breath . the white knight 's sword swing into frame ! slicing through Indiana 's jacket ! indy jump back . the vicious white knight come toward he . Indiana turn to run . find himself at the banquet table . face to face with the roasted pig . a few foot away , Baron seagrove continue to dine . the white knight raise he sword above indy . whoosh ! the sword begin to swing down ! Indiana duck and dodge the deadly blow . instead of carve Indiana , the knight 's sword manage to slice perfect section of the roast pig . the satisfied Baron help himself to a freshly carve slice of pork . Indiana leap onto the table top . try to escape the live suit of armor . but the white knight climb up onto the table . following indy . the sword slashing knight pursue indy along the table top . indy glance upward . to the heavy chandelier . indy smile . a plan . he continue to step backward . lead the knight directly below the chandelier . at the precise moment , indy pick up a sterling silver plate from the table top . indy whisk the plate in the air . toward the rope that hold the chandelier . the spin plate sever the rope . the chandelier fly downwardl ! crashing on top of the white knight ! the knight lie beneath the chandelier . motionless . the sword drop from its lifeless hand . onto the table top . indy take the knight 's sword . eye on FIRE , sword outstretched , Indiana walk across the table top . head for Baron seagrove . the Baron prepare to take another bite of he food . the sword shoot into frame ! the tip of the blade rest upon Baron seagrove 's rubbery throat . Indiana snarl . indiana have not you have enough ? Baron seagrove finally look at Indiana . the Baron lower he fork . his face twist into a eerie grin . he begin laughing . it 's the same maniacal laugh we hear earlier . indy respond by blowing out the flame of the mysterious candle . the room 's door burst OPEN ! inspector macgowan and galbraith dash inside . they hurry to Baron seagrove . they pistol aim at he . galbraith handcuff the Baron . macgowan look at the bruise , bloodied and tatter Indiana Jones . macgowan now you can get back to you fishing , Doctor Jones . indiana no chance , Mac . my plane leave in the morning . vacation 's over . gotta ' get back to school . macgowan ( shake he head ) ' tis a shame to go home empty hand ... ( smile , a idea ) tell ya ' what , my friend ... I fancy I 'self quite the fisherman ... tomorrow , I will go out and catch you a real beauty , eh ?... indiana ( sarcastic smirk ) right . send it to I airmail . macgowan ( incredulous ) Doctor Jones ! a macgowan 's word be truer than ... indiana yeah , yeah ... a angel 's kiss . I know . they exit the room . ext . castle the villager surround the castle . they bright torch be raise high in the air . Baron seagrove be LED out of the castle by Indiana and the Police . the crowd begin to whisper . anxious . excite . as the Baron be lead to the police vehicle , he turn and look at indy . the Baron speak in a trembling , raspy voice . his eye be wild . baron seagrove no...jail...can...hold ...me. a chill rush through Indiana . the Baron turn , continuing to the Police wagon . one of the villager shout . villager ' E 's do it ! Indiana Jones have capture the killer ! the crowd cheer . Indiana give a humble nod and wave . macgowan shake indy 's hand . indy glance to the police vehicle . indy'' Pov Baron seagrove climb into the back compartment of the police vehicle . galbraith close the vehicle door . the Baron be still visible through the vehicle 's window . he light a cigarette . it appear that the match flame shine through the baron' body ! it 's as if he be a ghost ! Indiana turn to the other . eye wide . shocked . but it be obvious that no one else have see the apparition . macgowan notice the pale expression on indy 's face . macgowan what be it , man ? you look as if you have see a screamin ' banshee ! indy point back to the police vehicle . but it have already departed . it drive over a far hill , disappearing into the night . indy sigh , turn back to macgowan . indiana ah ... it be nothing , Mac . nothing at all . camera dolly into indiana's troubled , uncertain face . the baron' laugh fill the SOUND track . slow dissolve : ext . marshall university - a few day later early afternoon . a rainy spring day . student run to the University door , protect themselves with textbooks . int . indiana jone ' office rain splatter the window of this cramped , cluttered room . crook stack of dog ear textbooks and paper nearly reach the ceiling . the spindly bookshelve be stuff with various archeological relic and instrument : animal and bird skeleton , fossil , primitive statue , etc . sitting at a small wooden desk , amidst a mountain of term paper , be indiana jone . indy be wearing a brown three piece suit and circular , wire rimmed glass . in one hand , he hold a student seat assignment card , as he hurriedly read through the term papers . he furiously grade each paper . to make matter worse ; the office be crowded with student , with countless other pouring out into the hallway . all of the student be anxious to get inside . they be badgering , complaining and moaning at indy . teddy Doctor Jones ... I take you class instead of all the other !... I coulda ' have Professor Needles ... Professor eisenschmidt ... Professor ... angela you promise . you say you would have them grade by yesterday . virgil my paper finish yet ? name 's " Virgil vektor " . that 's virgil . ( spelling it out ) Capital V ... I ... r... julia my parent pay good money to send I here . you know how much they shell out for you class ? charle he do not care about we . he only want fame and fortune . we be just a buncha ' peon to he . virgil vektor . Capital V ... E ... k ... Indiana continue to grade the papers , try to ignore the verbal assault . betsy tuffet push she way to the front . betsy be indy 's student assistant . she be 21 year old , with thick , luxurious black hair , bright brown eye and a small frame , athletic body . betsy be a tough . brash . a brooklyn kid . she move close to indy , she hair brush he cheek . Indiana be very tense , continuously work on the term papers . betsy hello , ind -- ( giggle ) Doctor Jones . indiana not now , betsy . betsy look at all of that papers ! indiana please , I ... betsy want I to come by later ? help you grade ? indiana help I grade . yeah . sure . betsy Goodbye , ind -- ( giggle ) Doctor Jones ! she exit . indy sigh . again , the obnoxious student shout . virgil didja ' get the name ? virgil ! Capital V ... I ... r... professor thad priestly enter , push Virgil aside . priestly be a young , wisecrack , greasy haire aquaintance of indy 's . he shove a photograph beneath indy 's nose . priestly moby Dick . indiana huh ?... priestly ( point to photo ) that 's what I name ' im . Captain say it be the biggest fish he ever see . Indiana glance to the photo . it be a picture of prof . priestly dress in fisherman 's outfit , stand on a pier , hold a giant fish . indy steam . priestly give he a manly slap to the back . priestly what about you , jonesey ? you be over in scotty -land for two week ... didja ' catch the big one ?... indiana look , priestly ... I be real busy ... indy be suddenly interrupted by a hard slap to he face . he look up . a beautiful , blonde student , rebecca , stand over he desk . she scream . furious . rebecca two-time bastard ! Indiana rub he jaw . startled . Rebecca continue . rebecca how could you ?!?... my own mother ?!?... in my own bed ?!?... ( slap he again ) I have have it with you ! it 's over ! priestly hide he chuckle . Rebecca throws a shirt that obviously belong to Indiana on the desk and storm out of the room . indy shake he head and continue work . the student be still harassing he . a loud voice echoes through the room . postman ( o.s. ) special Delivery ! Dr. Indiana Jones ! a burly postman stand in the doorway , hold a thick , enormous brown envelope . indy motion to the postman . the postman try to make he way through the crowd . Indiana go back to he grade , but be suddenly interrupted by a loud tapping noise . he look up . dean claude coventry , a stately , elderly gentleman , rap a steel ruler on Indiana 's desk . the Dean be upset . very serious . dean coventry Doctor Jones , I have have complaint from several of the student -- the postman interrupt , drop the heavy envelope onto indy 's desk . the postman shove a yellow paper in front of indy . postman sign here . indy sign . Dean Coventry continue lecture . dean coventry they feel that you be ignore they , that you be distract ... indiana ( give postman the sign paper ) I ?... distract ?... postman ( stare at indy 's signature , puzzle ) what 's this ? " B + " ? that 's how you sign you name ? indy grab the paper . he 's sign a " B + " on the line where he name be suppose to appear . indy cross out the grade and sign he name . Professor Coventry still lecture Indiana . dean coventry Marshall University be not the place for sloppy behavior ... at that moment , indy open the envelope ! a large amount of water pour out ! saturating the papers on the desk ! this be follow by a enormous dead trout ! it flop onto indy 's desk . the student exchange startled and nauseous glance . Indiana remove a water logge note from the envelope . it read , " a machowan' word be truer than a angel' kiss " . Indiana use a tissue to wipe some of the water from he desk . Dean Coventry shake a finger at indy . dean coventry I have one final warning for you , Doctor Jones -- the phone ring ! interrupting the Dean ! Indiana quickly answer the phone . a fuming Dean Coventry impatiently wait to finish he threat . Indiana speak into the receiver . indiana yes ... oh , hello , Marcus ... look , can you hold on ?... ( back to Dean ) you be say , sir ? dean coventry either you begin concentrate on you -- indiana ( interrupt by phone ) yes , Marcus ... I be still here ... just hold on ! ( back to Dean ) I be very sorry , sir ... dean coventry ( boil ) -- concentrate on you teach duty or -- indiana ( into phone ) damn it , Marcus ! I be stand here with Dean ... what ?.. just how important ?... ( listen , impatient ) it be , huh ?... okay . five minute . yeah . I will be right over . but this better be important , Marcus ! Indiana hang up . he give a embarassed look to the furious , red face Dean . dean coventry you be on probation , Jones ! ten day ! if there be no improvement , you will be dismiss ! the Dean storm out of the room . Indiana gather the wet papers . he begin to exit the room , explaining to the student as he make he way through the crowd . indiana I promise ... by tomorrow ... I will have all of this grade ... and dried ! Indiana continue make apologies and excuse . the obnoxious student again shout at he . virgil virgil vektor ! Capital V ... I ... r... indiana ( hand he paper ) " F " ! Virgil stare at he paper , adorn with a large red " F " ! Indiana exit the room . int . history museum - prehistoric room the large room be fill with skeleton , fossil and statue dating back to the dawn of man . Indiana , he arm cluttere with the soaking term papers , hurriedly enter the museum with marcus brody . Marcus be very anxious . excite . he carry a l6mm metal film cannister beneath he arm . Indiana be very impatient . his eye dart to a full size skeleton of a tyronosaurus rex . indiana this better be important , Marcus ... or the museum will soon be display my bone . my teach career be in danger of extinction . marcus ( smile ) you will not be disappointed , Indiana . CUT to : close - up : a ancient painting . the watercolor feature a upright , wrinkle face SUN wu kung , the stone monkey king . but the monkey be not make of stone . he appear to be half human ... half monkey . his face be wise . his coal black eye be penetrate . he wear a lion skin robe , and hold a tall , golden hooped staff . Sun Wu kung stand amidst a garden of luscious , ripe peace tree . he be surround by a heavenly glow , a bright ray of light that emanate from a open in the cloud . marcus ( o.s. ) ... look familiar ? camera pull back . we be inside of the museum board room . Marcus hold the tatter painting before Indiana , who sit at a desk , still feverishly grading the wet term papers . after he finish each paper , indy pin it to a nearby bulletin board for drying . he glance to the painting of Sun Wu kung . indiana " Sun wu kung , the Stone monkey King " . Big deal . that be ten year ago , Marcus . ( go back to papers , want to change subject ) geez ! this heller kid 's get the worst grammar . marcus ten year or fifty year . it will always be in you blood . indiana ( ignore Marcus ) do not believe this ... he spell " repeat " with two " E 's " . marcus think back , Indiana . remember you desire ? you passion ? indiana ( still ignore Marcus ) kid get a " a " on content ... a " D " on form . marcus ( angry , slam he fist on the desk ) damn it , man ! you can not bury that feeling forever ! Indiana finally look up from the papers . he glance at Marcus , then look at the painting . camera dolly into Indiana 's face . he become very serious . somber . his eye be empty . memories of failure fill he head . indiana two year . nearly two year of my life ... look for the remain of that monkey ... a piece of he legendary Golden hooped Rod ... or some sign of the lose City . ( shake he head ) nine man perish on the journey . Rest of we nearly die from starvation or one of the many horrible desease we discover ... ( look back to papers , in a near whisper ) we still come back empty hand . marcus ( thread the projector ) one must not give up so easily , Indiana . indiana give up ?!?... Marcus , we spend thirteen month in China !... another seven in India !... marcus but none in Africa . indiana ( puzzle expression ) there be no proof ... archeological or anthropological ... to indicate that Sun Wu - kung ever visit Africa ... marcus until now . Marcus turn off the room light . indiana hey ... my papers ... Marcus start the projector . a black and white image flicker on the far wall . we see a pygmy , stand in what appear to be a grassy area . the pygmy 's name be tyki . he be adorable . a little over four feet tall , he body be taut , muscular . his long black hair be shaggy , he eye be wide and bright . almost childlike . his face be cute . impish . cover with a very inquisitive expression . tyki 's energy be boundless . he can not stop moving . stand beside tyki , be dr . clare clarke . 32 year old . a tall , strikingly beautiful woman . she be communicating with tyki in sign language . marcus the woman be Dr. Clare Clarke . the famous zoologist . she work in Africa , study animal in they natural habitat . indiana very interesting , Marcus . now if you will turn the light back on -- marcus ( continue ) Three week ago , Dr. Clarke discover that cute little fellow ... " tyki " ... a pygmy of a unusual race ... unrelated to any know African tribe ... indiana ( bored ) Marcus . the light . marcus Dr. Clarke believe that tyki come from the lose civilization of Sun wu-kung . Indiana pause . he stand , walk closer to the flicker image . suddenly interested . indiana what ?... but how do miss -- marcus " Doctor " . indiana " Doctor " clake . how do she arrive at such a preposterous hypothesis ? marcus the pygmy speak in a language that have no African origin ... but bear a strong resemblance to chinese . indiana means nothing . the river of Africa have be plague by various Oriental Pirates and scavenger since the 16th century . ( turn from screen ) not much evidence , Marcus . marcus there 's more . the pygmy be find wear a ornamental peach stone around he neck ... believe to come from Sun Wu -kung 's legendary Garden of Immortal peaches . indiana ( skeptical ) Marcus , there be countless undiscovered African tribe ... all with various obscure belief and practice ... ( smirk ) one tribe may wear peach stone ... another may wear banana peel ... Indiana walk back to he papers . Marcus pause . marcus there be one final bit of evidence ... indiana enlighten I . marcus the pygmy be over 200 year old . Indiana adjust he spectacle . he stare at the black and white image . the cute pygmy appear to be in he mid - twenties . he walk to the camera , staring into the lens . tyki examine the camera with curiosity . indiana that 's impossible . marcus Dr. Clarke have do a considerable amount of testing on the pygmy 's clothing ... he sandal ... everything be over 200 year old . indiana ( skeptical ) he 's probably wear he great grandfather 's stuff . camera pan back to the project image . tyki begin to unscrew the camera lens . the picture go out of focus . the film run out . Marcus turn off the projector and flip on the overhead room light . Indiana give Marcus a puzzle look . indiana what do all of this have to do with I ? marcus Dr. Clarke want to mount a expedition to find the lose City of Sun wu-kung . she be quite familiar with you reputation ... she would like you to come along . indiana ( gather he papers ) no chance . marcus there will be money involved ... the museum be willing to fund the expedition ... indiana sorry , Marcus . I have burn this bridge . Indiana turn and begin to walk out of the room . Marcus call he . marcus Indiana ... indy turn . he wave the papers at Marcus . indiana Marcus . please . I have get to finish this ... marcus you have get to finish something much more important . you cross the threshold over a decade ago ... and it 's be tear at you inside ever since . ( passionate ) my friend , if there be even one iota of truth in Dr. Clarke 's finding ... then you can lift the veil of mystery that have surround this chinese legend for Centuries . you may uncover the secret to a lose civilization ... and possibly , to man 's never end search for immortality . Indiana stare at the painting of Sun Wu kung . marcus Indiana ... can you afford to pass up the single most important adventure of you life ? Indiana have no answer for Marcus . indy pick up the painting . a thrilling expression slowly cover Indiana 's face . his eye glimmer . fill with a long , lose excitement . the SOUND track music soar ! CUT to : close up : the stack of term paper the papers be slightly crumpled . still wet . a drop of water hit the papers . camera pan upward . betsy tuffet , indy 's student assistant , sit at the desk , grade the papers . she be crying . her fall tear soak the papers . we be inside of Indiana 's apartment . later that evening . indiana stand in the background . he be hurriedly packing he bag . his familiar gun , hat and whip lie on the bed , beside the suitcase . indy notice that betsy be cry . he walk to betsy . indy put he arm on betsy 's shoulder , attempt to comfort she . betsy snap at indy . betsy you can not do this to I ! indiana ( shaking tear off the papers ) c'mon , betsy . relax . you be gettin ' them all wet again . betsy you just can not go away ... I mean ... Africa be so far away , and ... well ... ( heartfelt ) I love you , indy . indiana think we agree this be s'pose to be casual ... betsy you call what happen last night " casual " . indiana my dear ... a momentary lapse into passion do not a love affair make . betsy ( very upset ) momentary lapse ! so that 's all I be to you ! betsy shoot to she foot , walk off screen . indiana betsy ... wait ... Indiana sigh . his eye catch one of the termpaper . he begin to read , make a few correction . we see betsy 's hand remove Indiana 's whip from the bed . Indiana continue to correct the papers . suddenly , there be a creaking noise . indy turn . his face go white . he run off screen . one end of Indiana 's whip be attach to a overhead lamp . camera pan down the whip . the other end have be form into a noose around betsy 's neck . sbe stand on a wooden chair . she kick away the chair . suddenly gagging . Indiana grab betsy in midair . he take the noose from she neck and place betsy on the floor . indiana ( angry ) whatsa ' matter with you !... tryin ' to ruin my whip !... betsy if I can not have you ... I do not want to live . Indiana toss the whip into he suitcase . he pull up the chair and force betsy to be seated . he pour she a tall glass of bourbon . indiana drink this . you will feel better . Indiana walk to he suitcase , continue to pack . his back be to betsy . she raise the glass to she lip . she pause , read a message on the bourbon bottle . it read : danger ! content flammable ! betsy beam . a idea . she lift the bottle over she head and begin to douse she body with the liquid . Indiana be busy fold he clothing . suddenly , we hear the flick of a matchstick ! indy turn . he see the bourbon cover betsy prepare to light her body on FIRE ! indy dash forward . he blows out the match , moment before it SPARKS betsy 's clothing . indy shake betsy by the shoulder . indiana c'mon , betsy ... get a hold of yourself . you be young . there be a lot of other guy ... betsy not like you . indiana ( succumb to he ego ) that 's true ... ( realize he mistake ) but that 's no reason to stop live ! besides , I be too old for you . by the time you be seventy five , I will be ... ( calculate , the think of it make he grimace ) yeccchhh ! I will be disgusting . Indiana turn and finish he pack . betsy sigh . she notice a enormous , stone african urn . the 150 pound antique sit atop a section of bookshelves . meanwhile , Indiana make certain that he gun be packed . he place the familiar hat on he head and begin to close the suitcase . close up : the african urn . it be wobbling . shaking . move closer and closer to the edge of the bookshelve . camera pan to the floor . betsy lie here . directly below the tremble urn . betsy shake the bookshelve , cause the urn to tilt and shiver . the urn be nearly halfway off of the edge . if it fall ... the urn will crush betsy 's head . Indiana struggle with close he tightly pack suitcase . the urn fall ! head straight for betsy ! Indiana suddenly grab the urn . in midair . inch before it strike betsy . Indiana rest the urn on the floor . he help betsy to she foot . betsy wrap she arm tightly around Indiana . betsy do not leave I , indy ! Indiana pick up he suitcase and try to walk to the door . but betsy 's arm be still tightly wrapped around he . finally , indy stop . his eye burn through betsy . indiana ( cruel ) look ... you be just a flighty kid . twenty minute after I walk out this door , you will have a date with the college Romeo . two hour from now , you will be madly in love with he . by tomorrow , you will forget I ever exist . hurt , betsy remove she arm from Indiana . he give she a quick kiss to the cheek and hurriedly exit . betsy glare at the close door . a tough , angry expression cover she face . betsy never underestimate the determination of a Brooklyn girl , Doctor Jones . never . dissolve to : long shot - a ocean liner the silhouette of the ship sail across the water . a beautiful orange sky fill the background . indiana jone stand aboard the ship 's deck . it be a typical , 30 's luxury Ocean liner , fill with vacation tourist . Indiana stare into the sunrise . his face be a study in concentration and intensity . he anxiously await he adventure . dissolve to : map of the world a moving red line trace Indiana 's journey across the ocean , toward africa . the red line come to a stop at mozambique . ext . central mozambique - beira - a hot , sunny afternoon Chief port on the coast . gateway to the zambesi river . supply ship , sailboat and raft line the marina . the dock be crowded with various merchant and sailor , unload they goods . small shop and restaurant clutter the waterfront . behind they be row of one story , low square home . tall , healthy palm tree surround the Area . a ocean liner have anchore along the shore . several passengers exit from the ship . indiana step onto the ocean liner 's exit ramp . he be unshaven , wear he traditional leather jacket and hat . indy look around , expect to meet someone . indy be Pov - the dock there be a a loud car horn . crowd of pedestrian leap out of the way . a rusted , yellow model - T barrel along the rickety dock . the word " taxi " be crudely paint on the car 's tremble door . the car 's tire be wobbling . loose . thick , black smoke pour from the crack exhaust pipe . the ancient car rattle and grind . upon see the car , Indiana smile . at the foot of the ocean liner 's ramp , the car screech to a stop ! scraggy brier Indiana 's friend and guide , jump out of the taxi . scraggy be a rough , unkempt african man . a elderly fellow , with the ENERGY and vitality of a youth . his snow white hair and beard be wild . spike . he wear tatter , dirty clothes that be many size too large for he skinny body . homemade crocodile sandal flop on he foot . scraggy suddenly break into a wild grin . he spot Indiana . scraggy shoot up the exit ramp , run through the crowd of people . scraggy stop a few feet in front of Indiana . scraggy wave he arm before he , as if he be blessing Indiana . follow this , scraggy leap into indy 's arm . Indiana cradle scraggy like a child . speak with a portugese accent , scraggy exclaim ... scraggy indy ! at last we be reunite ! ( look to sky ) oh , keechingo , God of friendship ... I thank you for granting my wish ! indy rest scraggy back onto the ramp . scraggy move to assist Indiana with he luggage . before pick it up , scraggy raise he arm over the baggage . again , he bless the suitcase . scraggy then pick up the bag . indy chuckle . indiana I see you have not change , scraggy . scraggy mahootmek , God of goodness , say ... " before body make contact with foreign object ... one must cast out bad spirit , or -- " indiana " -- or bad spirit will enter you body ! " scraggy yes ! you have excellent memory , indy . indiana I should ! last time we see each other ... you make I wear the same clothes for 3 week straight . scraggy never separate body from clothes , or bad spirit will hide in pocket ! indiana in other word ... if people never change clothes ... there would be no evil in the world . scraggy exactly ! indiana ( chuckle , put he arm around scraggy ) I miss all a' you crazy philosophy , scraggy . scraggy they not so crazy , indy . ( serious , eye wide with fear ) this day ... there be much evil in the air . I feel it . everywhere . indy and scraggy continue to walk down the ramp , move off screen . camera pan to a few feet behind they . camera stop , as the screen be filled with a large , blazing red swastika ! camera pan upward . we see that this be the sleeve of a german soldier . camera stop on the face of sgt . helmut gutterbuhg a thin , skeletal nazi . he resemble the angel of death . gutterbuhg 's face be narrow and sunken . his deep set eye be a frightening light blue . his complexion be pale . emotionless . his hair be blonde . stringy . his right arm appear rigid . it rest stiffly at he side . gutterbuhg follows indy and scraggy through the crowd . the Nazi remove something from he pocket . it be a tiny , mechanical item . it resemble a cockroach . we see that it be a mini radio transmitter . gutterbuhg whisper into it . gutterbuhg ( german , English subtitles ) be we make contact ? the mechanical roach 's eye blink red . gutterbuhg give a chilling smile . meanwhile , Indiana and scraggy arrive at the taxi . scraggy begin to secure indy 's baggage to the roof . indy open the rear door of the cab . he begin to climb into the back seat . he be meet with a swift kick to the stomach ! he fall to the ground . the wind knocked out of he . scraggy run to the open door , scolding the person inside . scraggy Dr. Clarke ! why you kick Dr. Jones ?... DR. clare clarke step out of the shadow of the car . we recognize she from Marcus ' film , but she be even more beautiful in person . she be the same age as indy . her hair be bright red . she remove she glass , revealing sparkling GREEN eye . she be very prim . very proper . but extremely intelligent and quick witted . she be dress in khaki slack and shirt . she speak in a slight british accent . she hurriedly assist Indiana to he foot . clare Dr. Jones ! forgive I . indiana no sweat . clare think I be be attack by a degenerate sailor . indiana no. just a degenerate archeologist . clare you appearance be deceive . indiana likewise . they exchange a handshake and a smile . immediately attracted to each other . porter ( o.s. ) Indiana Jones ! Calling passenger Indiana Jones ! Indiana turn . a ship porter walk through the crowd , push a large barrel on a dolly . indy wave to the porter . the porter stop in front of he . porter you leave this aboard ship . indiana ( puzzle ) there must be some mistake ... I do not -- the porter point to a section of the barrel that read : deliver to : dr . indiana jone . porter that 's you , be not it ? indiana well , yeah ... but ... the porter drop the barrel in front of Indiana and hurriedly walk back to the ship . sgt . gutterbuhg continue to spy on Indiana . the Nazi hide a few foot away . in a dark alleyway . a puzzle Indiana begin to OPEN the barrel . scraggy shout a warning . scraggy indy ! remember mahootmek , God of goodness ! " before body make contact with foreign object -- " Indiana ignore scraggy and begin to pry OPEN the barrel . scraggy " ... you must cast out bad spirit ! " Indiana still ignore scraggy . he struggle with the barrel top , flirting with Clare . indiana May I call you " Clare " ? clare please . indiana well , Clare ... we have obviously get a lot of note to compare ... let 's get start tonight ... over dinner . clare I would like that very much . indiana friend of mine own a Cafe ... he will get we a nice quiet table . no disturbance . just the two of we -- at that moment , the barrel lid fly off ! the inside if filled with old , brown banana peel . suddenly , betsy head poke through the peel ! Indiana be shocked . scraggy sigh . scraggy I warn you , indy ! you must always cast out bad spirit ! a dirty , unkempt betsy leap out of the barrel ! she throws she arm around indy . betsy my precious ! clare ( puzzle , to indy ) you daughter ? indiana my assistant . betsy his girlfriend . clare ( revolt ) a child ! indiana ( to Clare ) it 's nothing . really . ( to betsy ) what the hell be you do here ' ? betsy prove my love for you . clare how terribly sordid . indiana ( to Clare ) puppy love . schoolgirl crush . she will get over it . betsy never . this prove that nothing can come between we . not a ocean . not two separate continent . clare think I be go to be ill . indiana ( puzzle , to betsy ) how ... I mean ... how could you stay alive ? betsy hey ... I be from Brooklyn . indiana but we 'ye be sailing for three week ! betsy stow away in the banana barrel . ate my way to the bottom . clare ( nauseous ) charm . betsy ( point to Clare ) hey , indy ... who 's the babe ? clare you intellectual and emotional superior . betsy yeah ... well you be gettin ' on my nerve , miss ... miss ... clare ( extend she hand ) " Doctor " Clare Clarke . betsy ( reluctantly shaking Clare 's hand ) betsy tuffet ... clare as in curd and whey ? betsy ( get tough ) listen , sister ... you better stay away from indy ... clare my dear , he have no interest in I . I have already celebrate my tenth birthday . Indiana shoot Clare a angry glance . indy remove a wad of bill from he pocket . he give they to betsy . indiana look , betsy ... why do not you get back on the boat ... this time , as a passenger . scraggy too late , indy . scraggy point toward the ocean liner . the boat be several feet from shore . it sail back out to sea . Indiana steam . indiana when 's the next one out ? scraggy two week . Indiana grumble . a amused Dr. Clarke get back into the car . indy shove betsy inside . he be furious . before Indiana get into the car , gutterbuhg step out from the alleyway . he toss the tiny mechanical cockroach at Indiana . the roach attaches itself to indy 's trouser leg . the tiny transmittor be very light . Indiana can feel nothing . he get into the car . scraggy bless the taxi and get into the driver 's seat . gutterbuhg watch as the batter model-t drive off . the nazi turn , walk in a opposite direction . the camera follows gutterbuhg , as he enter a seedy waterfront HOTEL . int . HOTEL gutterbuhg walk through the dimly lit lobby , fill with dusty , tacky African furnishings . he turn a corner , into a narrow , decrepid hallway . he stop at the last doorway . room 113 . he open the door with a key and enter . int . room a SMALL , musty Hotel room . it be furnish with a single bed , a sofa , two chair and a FIRE place . two bizarre african statue adorn the fireplace mantle . gutterbuhg carefully lock the room door . he walk to the fireplace . he tilt one of the African statue forward . there be a mechanical , creaking SOUND . suddenly , the sofa begins to move . it slide a few foot , revealing a open beneath the floor . a staircase lead into the open . gutterbuhg descend the stair . int . open gutterbuhg enter a large , brightly lit room . we be inside of a secret nazi headquarters . the room be fill with various communications equipment and radio transmitter . several nazi soldier be seat before the equipment , monitoring various radio signal . a enormous glass panel cover one wall . through the panel we see two speedboat . long . sleek . high powered . mahogany hulled . both speedboat be adorn with a swastika . they float in water , in a underground , man -made chamber . directly beside the speedboat , park on a stone incline , be two automobile . the car be enormous , beautiful " woodies " . equipped with a running board and wood panelled side . the car glisten . brand new . gutterbuhg turn to klaus , a hulk Nazi who stand in the corner . point to klaus ' feet , gutterbuhg shout a order to klaus . camera pan to klaus ' foot . the Nazi 's boot be untied . a long string dangle on the floor . the embarass klaus kneel and sloppily re- tie he shoe . gutterbuhg turn to a Nazi who sit at a radio receiver . the Nazi wear headphone , listening for a transmission . the long , frightening shadow of a man overcome gutterbuhg . he turn . fear cover gutterbuhg 's face . the shadow raise its arm . heil hitler ! gutterbuhg also raise he right arm . but a bizarre , mechanical squeak , be cause by the movement of he arm . lieutenant werner von mepeisto stand before gutterbuhg . mephisto be a nazi nightmare . his face be thick and bullish . his bulg eye be a reddish brown , give he the appearance of a demon from hell . he have no facial hair . no eyebrow . no eyelash . completely bald . his body be thick . muscular . he be over six feet tall . he glare down at gutterbuhg . mephisto ( german , English subtitles ) be you successful ? gutterbuhg give a timid nod . with tremble finger , he reach over and turn up the volume of the radio transmission . the voice of Indiana , betsy , Clare and scraggy echo through a tinny speaker . mephisto manage a pleased grunt . mephisto ( german , English subtitles ) keep a record of everything that be say . gutterbuhg nudge the officer before he . the officer hurriedly begin to scrawl a manuscript of the radio transmission . mephisto nods . mephisto ( german , English subtitles ) ever since we battle for the lose ark ... the feuhrer have be very interested in the adventure of Indiana Jones . very interested . CUT to : ext . zoological compound a miniature zoo . the peaceful compound be surround with small man make lake and palm tree . there be countless metal cage , fill with various animal . the tiger , lions , gorillas and other violent creature , be keep behind bar . but the llama , giraffe , deer and various tame animal be free to roam the compound grounds . Indiana enter with Clare , betsy and scraggy . the persistant betsy be annoying indy . she attempt to snuggle closer to he . Indiana push she away . betsy tries to hold he hand . indy shake she loose . scraggy watch all of this , giggling to himself . we hear singing . a high , pitch beautiful voice . Clare walk to the far end of the compound , toward the singing . the other follow . betsy walk by bonzo , a large chimpanzee . as betsy pass , the chimp catch a familiar smell . bonzo begin to follow betsy . Clare open the door of a large metal cage . here , the sing be louder . Clare enter the cage . Indiana follows . scraggy bless the cage , then enter . betsy move to go inside , but bonzo 's large hairy hand reach out and grab betsy ! pulling the girl off screen ! int . cage fill with hand make wooden and bamboo furniture . tyki , the adorable pygmy from Marcus ' film , be inside . tyki be dress only in a belt , leather loin cloth and sandal . he be perch on the floor , work on a large tapestry . the tapestry depict a colorful picture of cloud . the building of a large CITY be reflected on the cloud . tyki pleasantly sing as he do he work . upon hearing the cage door OPEN , tyki look up . he sees Clare . a joyous smile cover he face . the pygmy run to Clare , give she a huge hug and a kiss . Clare introduce tyki to the other . clare tyki ... this be Doctor Jones ... tyki extend he right hand . he shake Indiana 's hand . Indiana be charmeed by the civilized display of friendship . indy smile at Clare . indiana he 's a real gentleman . clare ( shrug ) just basic manners . what it take most man a lifetime to learn ... tyki 's accomplish in two week . ( introduce scraggy ) this be we guide , scraggy brier ... and miss bet -- Clare pause , notice that betsy be missing . Clare suddenly break into a laugh ! she point off screen . everyone turn . ext . compoond bonzo be be extremely affectionate toward betsy . the chimpanzee pull and grab at betsy . it be all very similiar to what betsy have be do to Indiana . betsy wrestle with bonzo , calling indy for help . int . cage everyone chuckle at betsy 's dillemma . clare it appear that bonzo be attract to miss tuffet 's derfume ... eau De banana peel . tyki have go back to he artwork . a fascinated Indiana look over the pygmy 's shoulder . indiana where do you find he ?... clare about ten mile from here . we be on a photographic expedition ... in the thick of the jungle ... I hear sound . whimper . moan . I take a few step , and find tyki . he be lie in a shallow swamp ... semi conscious ... a high fever ... nearly dead from exhaustion . he have obviously be travel on foot for many day , over countless mile ... so I bring he back to the compound ... nurse he back to health ... Indiana stare at the pygmy . a skeptical look cover he face . indiana Clare , I hate to quibble with you anthropological ability ... clare quibble . indiana ... but if this little fellow be over 200 year old ... I mean ... what account for he youthful appearance ?... he vitality ?... Clare open a door at the rear of the cage . it lead into another room , directly behind the cage . Clare and Indiana enter . scraggy stays behind . he exchange a friendly smile with tyki . meanwhile , in the background , we see betsy and the chimpanzee . they roll by on the ground . still wrestling . close up : peace stone . a fruit fly crawl along the peach pit 's surface . clare ( o.s. ) tyki be wear this when I find he . camera pull back . we be in a SMALL , sterile room . the peach stone rest on a table . Indiana and Clare stand over the stone . indy pick up the stone , examine it . a annoying fruit fly buzze around indy 's head . camera pan down to Indiana 's trouser leg . the radio transmittor be still attach to he pants . the tiny bug 's eye blink . red . CUT to : sgt . gutterbuhg . he stand inside of Nazi headquarters , huddle over the radio . the voice of Indiana and Clare echo over the speaker . gutterbuhg furiously transcribe the conversation . clare ( o.s. ) Dr. Jones , you be obviously familiar with the legend of Sun wu- King 's Garden of Immortal peaches ?... indiana ( o.s. ) a bite from the fruit of that peach tree would give a person eternal life ... make they forever young ... the vicious gutterbuhg smile . camera pan to he notebook . gutterbuhg underline the word " forever young " . CUT back to : indiana studying the peach pit . the fruit fly continue to buzz around Indiana 's head . indiana there 's nothing unusual about this ... nothing to indicate that it 's from Sun Wu kung 's garden ... the fruit fly land on Indiana 's neck . indy smack the fly ! killing it ! a shocked Clare run to Indiana . she grab he hand and gently remove what remain of the fruit fly . she glare at Indiana . furious . clare this fruit fly have a normal life - span of twenty four hour . ( frustrated sigh ) as a experiment ... the fly be put in this room ... alone ... with only the peach stone to sustain its existence . the fly stay alive for three week . ( look at dead fly ) until now . she flick the 'fly against the wall . indy give a embarassed shrug . indiana sorry . Indiana and Clare be suddenly interrupted by the sound of scraggy and tyki 's laughter . this be follow by the two of they have a discussion ! in tyki 's foreign tongue ! Clare and indy exchange a shocked glance and dash out of the room . int . cage scraggy and tyki be have a conversation . Clare point to scraggy , give a puzzle look to Indiana . clare he understand he ? indiana ( nod ) scraggy know hundred of language ... he 's the best guide in Africa . ( turn to scraggy ) ask tyki where he come from . scraggy nods and asks tyki . tyki answer and point to the painting of the cloud . scraggy translate . scraggy he say ... " I come from ' land of City on Cloud ' " . indiana ( puzzle ) huh ?... what the hell 's that s'pose to mean ? ( to scraggy ) can he take we there ? scraggy asks tyki . tyki answer . he and scraggy laugh hysterically . scraggy look at Indiana . scraggy he say if he could ... he would go back ! tyki offer some more information to scraggy . scraggy translate . scraggy he say " pai Cho " may help you . Indiana 's eye widen . startled . amazed . Clare look at indy . puzzle . clare " pai Cho " ? indiana the sacres proverbs and writing of Sun Wu kung . ( anxious , look at scraggy ) his disciple always carry the pai Cho with they ... scraggy asks tyki . the pygmy nods and remove he belt . we see that the thick belt actually unravel into a cloth scroll . tyki kiss the scroll and give it to scraggy . scraggy nervously open the scroll . it be fill with countless ancient chinese writing and proverbrb . Indiana stare over scraggy 's shoulder . indiana can you translate it ?... scraggy nods . Indiana 's eye anxiously scan the document . he be breathless . excite . the SOUND track music soar . suddenly , betsy and the chimpanzee fall into frame ! on top of the scroll ! bonzo straddle betsy , try to move he lip toward hers ! she be scream ! betsy get...him...off...of ...me...! bonzo move its lip to betsy and give she a big kiss ! smack ! betsy grimace . finally , Clare begin to make bizarre monkey hand motion and sound . bonzo turn . he understand Clare . she continue to communicate with the chimp , until bonzo turn and run out of the cage ! Indiana and scraggy exchange a impressed glance . betsy wipe the kiss from she lip . CUT to : close up : a flashing neon sign . it read : " dashiell's american bar " . it adorn the front of a stylish , mozambique nightclub . int . dashiell's bar dimly light . smoky . fill with cloth cover table and ornamental , african furnishings . a 9 piece jazz band play swing tune . a few couple sway on the dance floor . the place be swarm with nazis . many be seated at the bar . other be scattered at various table throughout the restaurant . some stand in corner . lurk in the shadow . they be all look in one direction , watch one man ... indiana jone . indy sit with scraggy , Clare and betsy , at a table near the rear of the restaurant . they be eat dinner . but indy , scraggy and Clare be more interested in the Stone monkey scroll . a very nervous scraggy translate . Indiana , wear he spectacle , take page and page of note . search for a clue . a interested Clare read over Indiana 's shoulder . betsy try to become include in the discussion . but everyone ignore she . scraggy continue to translate . scraggy " Sun Wu kung run like fire , he journey to many monkey land , to build he final empire . " betsy who 's Sun Wu - kung ? indiana ( ignore betsy , to scraggy ) many monkey land ... that 's a definite reference to Africa . betsy Africa ?... he journey to Africa ?... clare ( also ignore betsy , to Indiana ) that confirm we suspicion that he may have form he civilization here ... betsy what civilization ? indiana ( angry , to betsy ) betsy . keep you trap shut . this do not concern you . betsy ( insulted ) fine. terrific . who care about this stuff anyway ! we be in a nightclub . we should be havin ' fun . ( grab Indiana 's hand ) c'mon , indy . let 's dance . indiana later . betsy what a buncha ' stiff ! ( condescending , to Clare ) Bet you can not dance . clare quite the contrary ... I spend several month study dance . betsy oh yeah ? whattayou ' know ?... the Bunny hop ?... the jitterbug ?... clare ( shake she head ) the bondogea . the kyebe kyebe . the dungumaro . betsy huh ? clare African tribal dance . betsy never hear of them . clare of course not . they be beyond the spectrum of you microscopic world . insulted , betsy gobbles down she glass of wine and turn back to Indiana , who be still deeply concentrating on the scroll . under the table betsy 's foot reach across the floor . it rest on indy 's leg . betsy begin to rub against Indiana 's trouser leg . the red eye mechanical bug be still attach to Indiana 's trousers . indiana glare at betsy . Clare reach for she cup of coffee . she notice that the coffee cup tremble slightly . Clare glance beneath the table , and see betsy rubbing indy 's leg . Clare be disgust . above the table , Clare shoot a scowl of disapproval at indy . a flustered indy try to explain ... but be suddenly interrupted by a hand on he shoulder . it be dashiell , the suave , handsome owner of the restaurant . dashiell give a caarming smile to everyone at the table . dashiell enjoy you dinner ?... everyone nods , express they thanks . dashiell leans close to Indiana and whisper . dashiell watch yourself , sport . most of the talk here tonight be about you . and it be not good . Indiana 's eye dart around the room . he see the various nazis . watching he . indy give a confident smile . a worried dashiell continue whispering to Indiana . dashiell I do not know what you have do to the Nazis . but they be certainly no friend of yours . CUT to : ext . zoological compound dark . silent . many of the animal be asleep in they cage . a security guard keep watch on the compound . he stand outside of the metal gate . there be a sudden SOUND . the guard turn . the figure of three men stand before he . in the shadow . the nervous Guard place a hand on he holster . guard who 's there ?... we hear a mechanical creak . a man' leather glove hand extend from the shadow . the hand 's finger be pointed at the Security guard . close up : various animal the sound of rapid machine gun FIRE echoe throughout the camp ! camera record the animal 's shocked reaction ! the security guard lie on the ground . dead . his body riddled with bullet . the shiny , black boot of the three man pass he body . we notice that one of the boot 's shoelace be untied . tyki stare into the dark night . fear cover he face . he be seated inside of he cage . a candle flicker beside he . tyki 's hand rest on the beautiful tapestry . tyki listen . he hear footstep . coming toward he cage . tyki reach to he side . he grab a stone dagger . suddenly , a lood gonshot ! the splintered lock from tyki 's cage go spin across the floor . the cage door creak OPEN . gutterbuhg stand in the doorway . two nazi soldier , helmut and klace ( who we meet earlier ) , be beside he . gutterbuhg smile . his stiff right arm extend from he side . his leather glove index finger be pointing ahead . tyki growls at the Nazis . he stand . raising the stone dagger over he head . gutterbuhg 's finger begins to rapidly FIRE bullet ! his mechanical arm be actually a a maceine gun ! the bullet tear through tyki 's tapestry . they make a crooked , tatter line through the beautifol work . destroy it . a terrify tyki watch . gutterbuhg stop shoot . he remove the empty cartridge from a slot in he mechanical arm , and replace it with another . he point the deadly finger at tyki . a tremble tyki drop the dagger . the three nazis walk toward the helpless pygmy . CUT to : int . dashiell be bar Indiana , scraggy and Clare continue to excitedly study the map . a neglected betsy pour herself the last of the wine . she be very drunk , sing along with the band 's version of Cole porter 's " night and Day " . beneath the table betsy continue to rub she foot against Indiana 's leg . indiana try to ignore betsy 's play . scraggy continue to translate the scroll . scraggy " with he Golden hooped Rod , and its powerful lightning ray , Sun Wu kung build Water curtain cave , where he live for 500 day . " clare the Golden hooped Rod ? indiana a heavenly staff with many different power ... most notably , it have the ability to transform itself into hundred of object ... ( stare ) it remain the most priceless treasure of Sun Wu kung 's empire . clare and what be the ... the Water curtain cave ? indiana Sun Wu kung 's legendary hideout ... a enormous secret cave , hide behind a run waterfall . Clare again reach for she coffee . the cup and saucer be still trembling . Clare peek under the table , and again sees betsy 's foot rubbing Indiana 's leg . Clare give a revolt grumble . Indiana excitedly explain scraggy 's translation . indiana this prove that the Water curtain cave exist in Africa ... ( to scraggy ) do it mention anything about Sun Wu kung 's travel ? scraggy ( read scroll ) only place call ... " twisted snake Water " . indiana the Zarnbesi River ! it have a reputation for its deadly water snake ... clare it would have be Sun Wu kung 's logical path . indiana ( confident , anxious ) it will also be we logical path . Clare smile . beneath the table betsy 's foot continue to rub Indiana 's leg . finally indy reach down , try to slap betsy 's foot away ! but indy 's hand stumble upon something else . the mechanical bug . indy tries to remove the bug . but the tiny device won't budge . above table Indiana 's hand be bury beneath the table , struggling to remove the bug . to Clare , it appear as if indy be playing with betsy 's foot . Clare give a incredulous look to Indiana . clare please try to control that monstrous libido of yours ! Indiana finally remove the mechanical bug . he lift it above the table . examining it . Clare be about to ask a question . indy indicate for she to " shhhh " . he cover the bug and whisper to the other . indiana we have to get back to the compound . tyki may be in danger . Indiana , Clare and scraggy hurry from the table . a tipsy betsy follow . Indiana pass the jazz band . he nonchalantly drop the mechanical bug into the trumpet player 's horn ! the trumpet player hit a piercing high note ! CUT t0 : nazi headquarters the Nazi wear the radio headphone emit a loud scream ! his eardrum bursting with the trumpet sound ! CUT to : int . compound gutterbuhg , klaus and Helmut lead the bound and gag tyki out of the compound . they keep they luger at he back . suddenly , klaus trip over something . a fawn . klaus growls . he shout a german order to Helmut , who grab a tight hold of the baby deer . klaus aim he luger at the fawn 's head . gutterbuhg and Helmut exchange a chill laugh . tyki stare in horror . klaus click the luger ... ready to shoot ... there be a earth shatter crack ! a whip shoot into frame ! the whip wrap itself around the luger ! tearing the gun out of klaus ' hand ! the fawn break free and run off . the Nazis exchange a shocked glance . they turn and see indiana jone ! he stand a few feet away . holding the whip . Indiana point to tyki , angrilly shout to the Nazis . indiana get you hand off he . gutterbuhg lauge . he point he finger at Indiana . indy be puzzle . the finger begin to shoot ! rapid machine gun FIRE ! indy dive for cover . holding tyki captive , the Nazis turn and begin to run out of the compound . indy get to he feet . he lift he gun . ready to shoot . but the Nazis be run behind several rows of cage , fill with animal . Indiana can't shoot . he dash back outside . ext . zoological compound locate on the waterfront . countless row of long , wooden dock line the marina . the Nazis run to below a rotted , ancient dock . here , one of they speedboat wait . motor running . rudolph , a pudgy Nazi , be at the wheel . the Nazis hurriedly climb into the speedboat , pushing tyki inside with they . indy run to scraggy 's model - T . scraggy sit in the driver 's seat . betsy and Clare sit in the rear . a drunk betsy still sing " night and Day " . indy leap onto the sideboard . he sees the Nazis ahead , climbing into the speedboat . indy motion for scraggy to drive . fast . toward the dock . the Nazi speedboat shoot forward . move beneath the dock . scraggy 's model-t follows above , along the shaky dock . Indiana ride the car 's rusted sideboard . he sees the speedboat below , through the wide opening in the dock 's slate board . indy begin to shoot at the Nazis . gutterbuhg raise he mechanical arm , firing shot back at Indiana . Machine gun fire splinter the dock board , slicing through the model -t . the side mirror be blasted to piece . the floor beneath betsy and Clare erupt with flying bullet . just missing the girl . Clare be horrified . betsy laugh hysterically . the model - T be less than twenty feet from the end of the dock . if they continue ahead , the car will plunge several feet into the water ! but scraggy do not take he foot from the gas . gutterbuhg smile , see the vast ocean ahead . know he 's almost free . as he dodge bullet , Indiana sees the end of the dock ahead . he shout to scraggy . indiana when I tell you ... hit the brake ! scraggy nods . the end of the dock be only a few feet ahead . get closer ... closer ... Clare cover she eye . between hiccup , betsy laughingly sing . indy look to the speedboat ... back to the approach dock edge ... he pause ... waiting for the right moment ... he scream ! indiana now , scraggy ! scraggy 's foot slam on the brake ! the sudden jolt send indy flying into the AIR ! the speedboat shoot out from beneath the dock ! Indiana land directly on top of the speedboat ! a spectacular stunt ! Helmut point he gun at indy . indy react with a swift kick to Helmut 's jaw . the Nazi hit the deck . out cold . klaus come for indy . they begin to fight . a angry gutterbuhg try to shoot ... but indy and klaus move too quickly ! gutterbuhg can 't get a clear shot . the model - T have come to a stop . safe . its front wheel teeter over the dock 's edge . scraggy , betsy and Clare get out . Clare catch she breath . knee shaking . betsy be still laughing . betsy about time we have some fun ! a worried scraggy see Indiana , fighting with the Nazis . scraggy bad spirit have indy ! he in trouble ! Big trouble ! scraggy run off screen . the Nazi speedboat be head toward the side of a enormous ocean liner ! gutterbuhg radios for help . Indiana and klaus continue to fight . rolling along the deck . exchange punch . a bound tyki watch with wide eye . helpless . the speedboat make a sudden sharp turn . avoiding a collision with the Ocean liner . Indiana and klaus tumble off , the boat ! into the water ! underwater Indiana and klaus continue they battle . they wrestle only a few foot from the ship 's large , spinning steel propellers . the propeller create a suction force . drawing indy and klaus closer ... closer ... toward a spinning death . indy and klaus grab hold of a dangle , steel anchor . preventing they body from be suck into the propeller . klaus pull a switchblade from he pocket . he attack indy 's clenched finger with the knife . indy begin to lose he grip . his body inches toward the propeller . klaus raise the knife , to finish off Indiana ... but klaus ' untied shoelace dangle beside the propeller . the shoelace catch a spin blade . the shocked Nazi be pull into the propellers ! Indiana turn away , hold tightly to the anchor . a blood red cloud surge through the surround water . Indiana climb the anchor to safety . above water Indiana surface . take a gulp of air . suddenly , the water in front of he erupt with machine gun FIRE . Indiana sees gotterbuhg ! he have parked the Nazi speedboat only a few feet away . gutterbuhg smile , point he finger at the helpless Indiana . a sitting duck . gutterbuhg smile . gutterbuhg goodnight , Doctor Jones . there be a loud gunshot ! gutterbuhg 's mechanical arm be hit by a bullet ! piece of spring , metal and sprocket fly from the wound . gutterbuhg turn . furious . dashiell , the nightclub owner , be a few foot away . he be drive a sleek speedboat , its side adorn with the american flag . dashiell point a pistol at gutterbuhg , ready to take another shot ... with a roar , the Nazi speedboat drive away ! toward a cluster of dock ! Indiana climb into dashiell 's speedboat . dashiell scraggy say you might be need some help , sport . dashiell hit the gas . tearing after the Nazis . a frenzied , high speed chase begins ! through the darkness . beneath the rows of dock . the speedboat face countless obstacle . they swerve around a virtual forest of wooden pole , which fly by at breakneck speed ! the man duck and dodge dangle fish hook and nets . many path be blocked by the wooden raft and rowboat . ( note : because of the darkness , this obstacle appear only when they be a few feet ahead of the speedboat . this make the chase completely surprising and scary , cause a funhouse effect . ) throughout the chase , Indiana and the Nazis continue to exchange gunfire . a frustrated gutterbuhg can't shoot . his mechanical - machine gun arm render useless by dashiell 's bullet . he continue to radio Nazi headquarters for help . dashiell catch up with the Nazis . the two speedboat travel side by side . they edge scrape together . SPARKS fly . the recover Helmut aim he luger at Indiana ... but indy leap toward the Nazi . the two fall . rolling . tumbling . struggling for the gun . they fight between the two speedboat . the crack below they slightly open and close . up ahead , a enormous stone pole appear . to avoid a collision , the speedboat must separate . dashiell scream . dashiell indy ! rollout ! indy free himself from Helmut and roll back onto dashiell 's boat . Helmut look up . he see the stone pole ahead . coming at he . Helmut try to move ... too late . the two boat separate . Helmut smack into the pole ! crushed ! dashiell turn away from the wheel , look at Indiana . dashiell you okay , sport ? Indiana begin to answer ... then see something . ahead . he scream . indiana dash !... dashiell turn back . the speedboat be head straight for a solid wooden wall ! a sign on the wall read : futterman' fishing warehouse . the Nazi speedboat have already make a sharp turn , avoiding the warehouse . there 's no time for dashiell to turn . indy hit the deck . the speedboat arch upward , at a angle ... crash ! the speedboat blast into the warehouse . splinter wood splatter through the air . int . warehouse dashiell 's speedboat burst through another wall . the boat skid across the warehouse floor . screeching to a stop ! a shaken dashiell get out . indy run to the window . indiana's Pov the nazi speedboat shoot out of the dock , escaping across the water . Indiana grab he whip . he kick OPEN the warehouse window . he snap he wrist . crack . the whip shoot forward , attaching itself to the rear of the nazi speedboat ! indy firmly grip he end of the whip . the whip tightens . whoosh ! Indiana be pulled out of the window . gutterbuhg exchange a victorious laugh with rudolph , the speedboat driver , think they have lost Indiana . a frighten tyki look back . his eye suddenly fill with hope . gutterbuhg turn . his mouth drop OPEN . Indiana use he whip to water ski behind the nazi speedboat ! a red face gutterbuhg slam he fist on the dashboard . he remove a sharp knife . he hurriedly begin to slice through indy 's whip . try to break the connection . Indiana aim he pistol at gutterbuhg . but suddenly , a shot whizhes by indy 's head . follow by another . and another . coming from behind . indy turn . a second nazi speedboat be in hot pursuit ! there be five nazis inside . armed with pistol and rifle . all firing shot at Indiana . meanwhile , gutterbuhg 's knife continue to slice through indy 's whip . only a few thread remain . Indiana perform some expert water skiing . swerving . spinning . jumping . all in a attempt to avoid the fly bullet from behind . suddenly , indy 's whip snap ! Indiana fall underwater ! directly in the path of the seccnd Nazi speedboat ! tyki hide he eye . gutterbuhg laugh . it appear that Indiana have meet a grisly death . the Nazis in the second speedboat be delighted . shaking each other 's hand . camera pan to below the speedboat . we move underwater . SOUND track music soar ! we see indiana . very much alive . he straddle the bottom of the speed boat ! holding on with all of he strength ! Indiana climb toward the side of the speedboat , battling the pressure of the rush water . camera follows indiana , out of the water , as he climb aboard the second speedboat . the four Nazis be laughing . talking . they back turn to the approaching Indiana . move like lightning , indy grab one of the Nazis and toss he overboard . with a swift punch to the stomach and jaw , indy send another Nazi into the water . the other two Nazis tackle indy . they fall to the deck . fighting . gutterbuhg look back . shocked that indy be still alive . gutterbuhg growls . frustrate . his eye suddenly light . he spot something . ahead . two gargantuan ocean liner be moving toward each other . come together . there be a open between the two ship , that continue to get smaller , as the ship move closer . gutterbuhg smile . a idea . he order rudolph to drive through the open . in the second speedboat , the Nazis have overcome Indiana . one Nazi pin indy down . the other remove a thick metal chain from he neck . a red swastika dangle from the chain . the Nazi wrap the chain around indy 's neck . he begin to strangle Indiana . gutterbuhg 's speedboat move toward the ocean liner . the open between the two ship continue to shrink . get smaller ... and smaller ... the second speedboat be directly behind gutterbuhg . the Nazis be strangling Indiana . the color begin to leave indy 's face . he gasp for air . the open between the two Ocean liner continue to get smaller ... less than ten feet wide . gutterbuhg 's speedboat be only a few feet away . through he flutter eye , Indiana sees gutterbuhg 's speedboat head for the ocean liner . Indiana be nearly unconscious . the giggle Nazis tighten the chain around he neck . with less than a inch to spare ... gutterbuhg 's speedboat squeezy between the two Ocean liner ! the second speedboat be only a few feet from the Ocean liner . but as the ship move closer ... the open be nearly close . the driver can't turn away . he 's too close . he emit a scream . the Nazis pause from strangling Indiana . they turn . indy move fast . he dive overboard . into the water . the speedboat hit the open . too SMALL . the speedboat be crushed between the two Ocean liner . the Nazis let out they final scream . follow by a fiery explosion ! flaming piece of the wreckage be splatter through the night sky . gotterbuhg turn . his grin , sadistic face lit by the explosion . tyki 's eye be fill with fear . several feet away , Indiana Jones surface . alive . he swim to the nearby shore and climb out of the water . he rub he reddene neck , catch he breath and look into the distance . indy sees gutterbuhg 's speedboat . too far to catch . gutterbuhg see the silhouette of indy , stand on the distant shore . gutterbuhg order the driver to move faster . the engine roar . gutterbuhg look back at indy . the Nazi emit a maniacal laugh that pierce the air . Indiana watch the speedboat escape into the night . his eye fill with rage . vengeance . Clare , scraggy and a very drunk betsy join indy on the shore . betsy put she arm around Indiana . she rest she head on he shoulder . she close she eye and emit a drunken sigh . betsy what a romantic night ! a annoyed indy push betsy away . in a drunken stupor , betsy move to the next person , clare . think she 's still with Indiana , betsy put she arm around Clare . a worried Clare be too concerned with the depart Nazi speedboat . Clare turn to inqy . clare will they hurt tyki ? indiana ( shaking he head ) they know he 's important to we . ( hold up ancient scroll ) they will use he to bargain for this . eye close , rest she head on Clare 's shoulder , betsy sigh . betsy indy , you smell so good ! so masculine ! Clare push betsy away . betsy spin and wrap her arm around scraggy . Clare watch the Nazi speedboat disappear into the night . clare will they be follow we ? indiana every step of the way . betsy , still think she 's snuggling with Indiana , rub she face against scraggy 's bristly beard . betsy mmmm , indy . I love it when you do not shave . it 's so sexy ! scraggy push betsy away . she spin , this time put she arm around a hang fisherman' net . fill with fish . meanwhile , scraggy look at Indiana and Clare . scraggy pandoola , God of purity , say ... " always stay ten pace ahead of bad spirit " . indiana exactly . we can not let the Nazis get to the City first . if they do , they will wipe out one of the great archeological find in History ! Indiana turn and walk away . Clare and scraggy hurriedly follow . there 's no time to lose . the drunken betsy continue to embrace the net of dead fish . betsy turn . eye close . she smile . betsy how ' bout a little goodnight kiss ? betsy kiss the lip of a dead fish ! she smile . impressed . betsy mmmmm , indy ... you really know the way to a girl 's heart ! betsy open she eye . face to face with the dead fish . betsy scream and run toward the depart Indiana , Clare and scraggy ! ext . zambesi river - the following day early morning . the sparkling water of the Zambesi be line by thick jungle . sound of screeching gibbon , exotic bird , chatter insect , and various other wildlife echo from the jungle . bright ray of hot sunlight sprinkle through the leave of the tower palm tree . a 55 foot , tatter , wooden river boat , the " adobo " , travel along the Zambesi . the boat be fill with various crate and barrel of supplies . and there be several man , crew member , all native of mozambique . they be a motley crew , all armed with sword and dagger . they be dirty . tatter . unkempt . the boat pull a long , wooden raft behind it . scraggy 's model - T be attach to the raft . one of the crew member , a young man , sit on the raft . he strum a beaten guitar , sing a folk song . indiana stand at the ship 's steering wheel . forehead cover with sweat . he guide the ship along the twist water . clare exit from a cabin , carry a stenographer 's notebook . she look radiant . her red hair shimmer in the morning sun . Clare walk up beside indy . she crinkle she nose . clare what be that awful aroma ? indiana scraggy 's takin ' a shower . indy point off screen . scraggy , fully clothed , stand here . he rub a large , fresh onion over he face , arm and legs . squeezing the onion juice over he body . Indiana explain to a befuddle Clare . indiana he believe that onion keep bad spirit from enter he body . clare ( write in she notebook ) in all my year of anthropology ... I have never run across anyone or anything quite like scraggy . indiana ( chuckle ) he 's a rare breed . ( turn , look at Clare for the first time ) you be look very lovely . clare you be look very lecherous . indiana ( turn away , angry ) just tryin ' to be friendly . clare save it for the schoolgirls . indiana look , Clare ... betsy 's just a anxious archeology student ... she admire my work ... ( egotistical shrug ) who can blame she ?... ( back to he point ) but it 's just some kinda ' hero worship thing ... there be never any romance . betsy ( pop in from off screen , kiss Indiana ) I dream about we first night together ! indy sigh . Clare disgustingly shake she head . she continue to scrawl more into she notebook . Indiana give she a startled look . indiana you be writin ' this down ?... clare ( nod ) I be keep a accurate record of we journey . indiana what 's that get to do with my personal life ? clare evidence . I plan on testify at you child molestation trial . Indiana shake he head . staring into the distance . he sigh . indiana why do I do this to myself ? holding she head in pain , betsy turn to Clare . betsy ( hold she head in pain , to Clare ) hey , lady ... you be s'pose to be a Doctor ... you get any cure for a hangover ?... clare the best I have hear be use by a New Zealand tribe ... ( pause , think ) one part crush owl skull ... two part rhino saliva ... one part zebra dandruff . betsy 's face become pale . indy interrupt . indiana no , no ... get a cup of donkey sweat ... two spoon of skunk hair ... and one pint of shred lizard tongue . betsy turn a light shade of GREEN . scraggy argue . scraggy I always use family cure ! two spoon chop leech ... half cup horse mucous ... two quart crocodile urine ! betsy ( ready to throw up ) ex...cuse ...me ...! betsy run off screen . the other exchange a shrug . scraggy look at the river ahead . scraggy how far we travel , indy ?... indiana almost 20 mile . clare any sign of the Nazis ? indiana ( shake he head , confident ) Long as we keep up this pace ... they will have trouble tracking we . camera pan from the hopeful face of Indiana , scraggy and Clare , to the cabin behind they . here , a crew member hide in the shadow . his face hidden . he hold a small radio receiver . he whisper into the receiver . speak in perfect german . CUT to : gutterbubg . he be seat in nazi headquarters . he repair he detach , machine gun arm , which sit on the table before he . behind gutterbuhg , a group of nazis listen to the radio transmission of scraggy 's treacherous Crew member , who disclose the location of the River Boat . the Nazis chart out the boat 's exact location on a large , wall map . lieut . mephisto supervise the project . tyki , bound , gag and bruise , watch from a corner . mephisto look at all the Nazis . mephisto ( german , English subtitles ) we must leave . immediately . dissolve to : night in the jungle . various shot of exotic animal . a creep panther . a sleep white bat . a tense scorpion . a family of crocodile . aboard ship Indiana , scraggy , Clare and betsy be gathere on the deck . seat in a circle . they be surround by the crew member . everyone eat they dinner from tin can . the surround lantern cast a eerie light on the area . the young crew member play a soft , spooky tune on he guitar . betsy be restless . she glare at the guitar player . betsy do not you know something ' else ? somethin ' upbeat ?... the guitar player ignore betsy , continue to play . betsy sigh . upset . bore . betsy it 's so hot ... stuffy ... do we have to stay on this stupid boat all night ?... indiana ( nod ) we have to keep move . betsy can we at least jump in the water ?... go for a swim ?... clare there 's a old legend about the Zambesi ... in ancient time , criminal be give they choice of execution ... or swim across the Zambesi . most choose execution . indiana Clare 's right . we will be safer on the boat . ( annoyed , to betsy ) now quit moanin ' and eat you food . a angry betsy toss she tin can overboard . she stand . furious with Indiana . betsy you be so rude ! I travel thousand of mile just to be with you ... and everybody treat I like dirt ! ( to Clare ) nobody even talk to I without make some condescending remark they think I be too stupid to understand ! ( very upset ) so maybe I do not know a lot about weird tribal dance ... I be still pretty good with anthropology and archeology ... maybe I could even help you out ... if somebody give I a chance ... clue I in to what it be we be doin ' here ... ( to indy ) ' Cause whether you like it or not , Indiana Jones ... I be part of this expedition , too ! Clare raise a eyebrow . impressed . Indiana say nothing . he can not argue . scraggy interject . scraggy ( motion to crew member ) my friend also curious about where we journey to , indy . the crew member nod . staring at Indiana . Indiana turn to Clare . she smile . clare tell we all a bedtime story , Doctor Jones . Indiana sigh . the crew member 's guitar playing combine with the SOUND track , back up Indiana 's story with a eerie tune . indiana Long ago ... a place know as the flower fruit Mountain , in the chinese province of ao-lai ... be strike by lightning . a Stone monkey , " Sun Wu - kung " , be bear . scraggy this monkey ?... he could walk ?... talk ?... like human ?... indiana more than human . he be bless with countless heavenly power ... but it be not enough . Sun Wu - kung want to learn the secret of eternal life ... of immortality ... ( pause ) equipped with he Golden hooped Rod to protect he , Sun Wu kung travel the world for many year ... learn the secret philosophy and teaching of eternal youth . eventually , he be grant entrance to heaven ... where the jade Emperor give Sun Wu kung the title of " great Sage of the heavens " ... and permit he to oversee the Garden of Immortal peaches . ( pause ) after several year , the stone monkey return to somewhere on earth . here , he rule a empire ... a civilization of monkey and human who have life span of many hundred year ... ( shrug ) the exact whereabouts of that lose City have be a mystery for hundred of year ... until Doctor Clarke discover the pygmy . the crew member , scraggy , betsy and Clare , listen with fascination . indiana it 's uncertain just how much of this legend be base in reality ... nevertheless , we be hope to find some sign of the lose civilization . betsy what about Sun Wu kung ?... indiana whatever he be ... a stone idol ... a actual monkey ... a human be ... be unknown . but he be one of the most influentual religious figure in History , and he remain be most likely somewhere in the lose City . suddenly , they be interrupted by a distant SOUND . a low , rumbling SOUND . bizarre . unearthly . unlike anything we have hear before . Indiana turn to scraggy . indiana sound familiar ? scraggy ( shake he head ) it be far , far away ... many mile ... betsy ( frighten ) what be it ?... some kinda ' weird animal ?... clare no animal sound like that . scraggy could be " banseebaba " . clare banseebaba ? scraggy banseebaba be giant demon from hell . he be 50 foot tall . breathes fire . make sound like human never hear before . he be make up of all evil in the world ! clare cheery think . the sound suddenly stop . everyone exchange a frightened , terrified glance . Indiana stand . indiana whatever the hell it be ... it go to sleep for the night . which be what we should do . CUT to : later that night - long shot - the boat the boat sail along the river . beneath the moonlight . a lone crew member stay awake . at the steering wheel . other crew member sleep along the deck . scraggy sleep in a hang cot . indiana be asleep in he cabin . suddenly , the door slowly creak OPEN . a shadow appear on the cabin wall . coming toward Indiana . the shadow extend a hand . the hand grab indy 's blanket . indy wake . he leap out of bed and tackle the mysterious person . indy flip on the cabin lamp . the intruder be none other than ... betsy . Indiana pull betsy to she foot . she give a flirtatious smile . betsy could not sleep . the heat . I be in the mood for passion . indiana I be in the mood for isolation . Indiana lead betsy to the open door . he begin to push she back outside . betsy stop he . betsy I be not leave . not till I get a kiss . indiana betsy ... betsy ( serious ) one kiss . or I will scream . I swear . I will wake the whole boat . Indiana have no choice . he sigh . indiana okay . just one . ( lean toward she , pause ) keep you mouth close . they kiss . betsy wrap she arm around Indiana , turn it into a passionate kiss . at that moment , across the hall , Clare exit the bathroom , toothbrush in hand . she sees the kissing Indiana and Betty . Clare stare . OPEN mouthed . shocked . Indiana open he eye . he sees Clare watching he . a angry Clare march into she room . she slam the door . we hear Clare locking the door behind she , and move a piece of furniture in front of the door . Indiana push betsy away . angry . he quickly close he door . betsy walk back to she room . a huge , satisfied smile cover she face . the following morning sunrise . peaceful . calm . bird sing . the River Boat have travel countless mile , into the heart of the zambesi . a tired crew member man the boat 's steering wheel . camera pan down , move along the side of the boat . we stop at water level . a hand shoot out of the water . gripping a rusted , sharp knife . follow by another hand . and another . and another . until there be countless hand , reaching for the side of the river boat . the hand grab hold of the boat . several dark figure slowly rise out of the water . only the outline of they body be visible , backlit by the rising SUN . the figure climb up the side of the boat . carefully creeping . move silently . Indiana stand on the rear deck , shirt wrapped around he waist . he be shaving . clare sit a few foot away . writing in she journal . indy glance to she . curious . indiana what 's that you be write ?... clare " the erotic adventure of Indiana Jones , Professor of perversity " . indiana ( back to shave ) very funny . camera pan to the front deck . stopping on the driver . he stare ahead . steering the ship . suddenly , a figure appear . behind the driver . the figure grab the driver . around the neck . before the driver can scream ... the figure slice he throat . scraggy witness this . through a OPEN porthole . his face cover with SHOCK . fear . int . lower cabin - kitchen betsy stand over a large skillet . she fry pancake , lifting the first pancake , betsy place it on a plate that rest beside she . betsy turn to get another pancake . a hand reach from off screen . the hand grab the pancake from the plate . betsy turn back . she see the empty plate . she be puzzle . confuse . she shrug , place another pancake on the plate . she turn back to the skillet . again , a hand grab the pancake . betsy turn and again see a empty plate . she hear giggling . behind she . she turn and sees a oriental pirate . tall . muscular . the pirate tower above betsy . he be dress in colorful , tatter clothes . the pirate laugh . his bloat mouth dribble with pancake crumb . betsy step back . frightened . the pirate remove a dagger from he belt . eye fill with lechery , the pirate move toward betsy . she grab the skillet . throwing hot oil in the pirate 's face . he scream . betsy dash out of the kitchen . indiana have nearly finish shaving . he try to convince Clare of he innocence . she continue to write . ignoring he . indiana you be blow this betsy thing all out of proportion ... Indiana leans down . he rinse he face in a large bucket of water . a dagger fly into frame ! just missing Indiana . it stick into the wall . a few feet above indy 's head . Clare witness this . shocked . unaware of the danger , Indiana raise he head out of the bucket . he still try to reason with Clare . indiana it 's not as if I have this sleazy reputation ... Clare be try to interrupt indy , try to point out the dagger . but before she can say a word , Indiana again leans into the water bucket . another dagger shoot into frame ! into the wall . this time only inches above indy 's head . Indiana again raise he head . indiana I be a respected ... honore ... admire ... Clare leap forward . she push indy out of the way , moment before another dagger fly into frame ! sticking into the wall ! indy and Clare turn . three pirate stand here . dirty . toothless . ugly . sword extended , they move toward Indiana and Clare . indy 's eye dart to the water bucket table . his whip and pistol rest here . out of reach . indy and Clare be trapped . the Pirates move closer ... suddenly , a loud scream . the Pirates look up . scraggy swing from a rope above . toward the Pirates . before the Pirates can react , scraggy crash into they . they tumble to the deck . scraggy shoot to he foot . he toss a spare sword to indy . scraggy and indy begin to swordfigbt the Pirates . Clare turn . dashing around the corner . to safety . a sudden stop . her face be bury in the hairy , bare chest of kezure , a enormous , bear - like pirate king . kezure hasn't bathed in year . he be dress in several layer of tatter , colorful clothing , golden jewelry , and animal skin . his stringy hair be long , tie in a ponytail behind he head . a thick , long moustache wrap around a large mouth , fill with crooked , golden teeth . Clare shriek . kezure grab she around the waist . he toss Clare over he shoulder . the river boat be overcome with a mixture of oriental and black Pirates . SOUND track music soar ! there be a heat battle between the crew member and the Pirates . fist flying . sword clashing . use she Brooklyn street smart , betsy fight like a pro . with a swift punch and kick , betsy defeat one pirate . she take he sword . another pirate come for betsy . she edge he on . betsy c'mon ... you be not so tough . you would not last ten minute in Brooklyn . the pirate attack . he and betsy begin a heat swordfight . Indiana and scraggy continue to battle the onslaught of sword slinging Pirates . suddenly , indy be interrupt by Clare 's loud scream ! he turn . a pirate ship have appear . beside the river boat . the ship be ancient . ominous . countless pirate be aboard the ship . armed with gun , bow and arrow and cannon . ext . river boat - top deck kezure , the pirate King , stand at the edge of the boat . he still hold the scream Clare over he shoulder . from the pirate ship , the Pirates toss a grapnel rope to kezure . the pirate King grab bold of the rope . holding tightly to Clare , kezure swing from the river boat , to the pirate ship . indiana run through the fighting crew member and Pirates , in a effort to save Clare . suddenly , the SOUND of cannon FIRE ! the river boat rock ! hit by a cannonball ! indy keep he balance . sword in hand , he dive into the water . Indiana swim across the Zambesi . toward the pirate ship . the water surround indy erupt with countless sprays of bullet , cannonballs and flying arrow . ext . river boat - top deck the swordfight crew member manage to keep the many Pirates at BAY . scraggy exchange swordplay with a pirate . the sword be knocked from scraggy 's hand . he be defenseless . the pirate come in for the kill . he raise he sword ... ready to plunge it into scraggy 's heart ... the pirate suddenly pause . a horrified look on he face . the end of a sword shoot out of the pirate' chest ! a moment pass ... the sword slide back inside of the pirate 's chest . the pirate fall to the deck . betsy stand behind he . she hold the bloodied sword . scraggy give she a thankful nod . ext . pirate ship Indiana have made it across the Zambesi . he climb up the side of the pirate ship . the Pirates begin to shoot at indy . indy be hit . a arrow . in the arm . he dive to safety in a nearby cannon compartment . int . cannon compartment indy pull the arrow out of he arm . he be suddenly attacked by the pirate gunner . the two begin to struggle . fight . camera pan to the rear of the cannon , move to a close up of the fuse . the fuse be lit . burning . meanwhile , indy and the pirate fight directly in front of the cannon' OPEN barrel ! every few second , each of they head move in front of the open . the fuse continue to burn . get lower ... lower ... ext . pirate ship - top deck Clare have be tied to a mast pole . kezure stand in front of she . as he man battle around he , kezure lean forward . the drool pirate King sloppily kiss Clare . along she neck . Clare be nauseous . int . cannon compartment indy and the pirate continue to fight . the cannon fuse SPARKS . burning toward the bottom . the pirate push indy 's head inside of the cannon open . the fuse will blow at any second . at the last moment , Indiana overpower the pirate . indy leap to the floor . the pirate fall forward . face to face with the cannon open ! boom ! the cannon fire ! indy 's shirt be splatter with blood . Indiana run to a wooden staircase , hurry up the stair . to the top deck . ext . pirate ship - top deck kezure kiss the bare shoulder of the struggling , helpless Clare . indy emerge from the cannon compartment . upon see the pirate King attack Clare , Indiana shout . indiana you son of a bitch . kezure turn . he emit a gravelly laugh and scratch he neck , curiously studying Indiana . indy extend he sword . the pirate King remove a long , sharp golden sword . they begin to fight . move along the deck . a fast pace , heat swordfight . ext . river boat - top deck a pirate have take over the boat 's wheel . he steer the river boat off the regular path . it speed toward the base of a large , thrashing waterfall . the pirate ship move alongside of the river boat , also head for the waterfall . scraggy and betsy see the waterfall ahead . panic fill they eye . they dash to the steering wheel . betsy distract the pirate . they begin to swordfight . scraggy take the steering wheel . he attaempt to steer the ship away from the waterfall . ext . pirate ship - top deck Indiana and the pirate King have climb to the top of the ship' mast . they battle amidst the tangle rope . sword clashing . as the two man fight , indy notice that the pirate ship be head for the waterfall . Indiana have a sudden realization . he see scraggy , try to steer the river boat in the opposite direction . indy scream above the cannon fire . indiana ( still fight ) scraggy !... no !... keep goin ' straight !... full steam ahead !... scraggy be confuse by indy 's order . he scream back to Indiana . scraggy what ?... you crazy indy ?... we be crush !... we smash into rock wall !... indiana still swordfighting the pirate King , scream to scraggy . indiana no !... trust I !... full steam ahead !... full steam ahead !... scraggy bless himself . his face be strong . confident . he revs the engine . full speed . he tightly clutch the wheel . aiming the river boat toward the waterfall . indiana and kezure swing from sail to sail , continue they spectacular swordfight . clare helplessly watch from the deck . the river boat and the pirate ship continue to move side by side . move closer ... closer ...to the shatter waterfall . scraggy continue to rev the river boat be engine . chanting various prayer under he breath . in the background , a feisty betsy continue to swordfight . the river boat and the pirate ship penetrate the waterfall . the two boat be meet with a explode shower of powerful water ! Crew member and Pirates be tossed about the deck . Indiana and the pirate King hold tightly to the sail , to avoid be throw into the water below . ext . river boat the age boat toss . tilt . spin . nearly capsiZing . board creak and moan . ready to burst . but scraggy hold tightly to the steering wheel . keeping the boat afloat . the powerful water send betsy somersaulting along the deck . she try to grab hold of something ... anything ... that will prevent she from fall off the boat . betsy finally clutch onto something . the arm of a dead pirate . the river boat and the pirate ship be immersed into the waterfall . they disappear behind the thrashing curtain of water . int . behind the waterfall the Pirates ' hidden fortress . a enormous , underground cavern . hndred of burning torch cast a devilish glow . the grey rock of the cavern wall stretch upward . fill with countless , tiny cave . various stone artifact and ancient untensil be scatter throughout the cavern . there be several other pirate here . armed . wait for the return of the pirate ship . the River Boat and pirate ship enter the cave . the rush waterfall thrashes behind they . the batter and bruise River Boat come to a rough stop . screeching along a far wall . the pirate ship sail to a smooth stop in the middle of the cavern . armed with gun , knife and sword , the Pirates hurriedly surround the intrude River Boat . they take betsy , scraggy and the crew member captive . kezure leap to the pirate ship 's deck and quickly untie Clare . Indiana attempt to follow . he pause . quickly grabbing a few stick of dynamite from the pirate ship deck . kezure begin to lead Clare off of the ship . his sword at she throat . Indiana call out . indiana wait ... kezure stop . he turn . indy walk toward kezure , stop less than ten feet from the pirate King and Clare . indy 's eye burn through kezure . indiana free the girl ... ( glance to he captive friend ) ... and my friend ... ( light a match , move it toward tnt fuse ) ...or I blow you hideout here out of the water ! kezure laugh . Indiana light the dynamite fuse . kezure stop laugh ... worried for a moment ... then , the pirate King break into a wide , defiant smile . kezure good . we will all die . a standoff . indy didn't expect this . he be suddenly frightened . puzzle . betsy , scraggy and Clare stare at indy . wait for he next move ... as the dynamite fuse slowly burn . get closer ... closer ...to the tnt . kezure seem calm . perfectly willing to die . indy get another idea . he blurt it out to kezure . indiana we can take you to the lose City of Sun Wu kung ! kezure hah ! better man than you have try to find the lose City ... they have all fail . ( cynical laugh ) you be a fool . indiana ( as the tnt fuse burn lower ... lower ... ) no ... you be the fool . you and you friend be hide out in Sun Wu kung 's Water curtain cave ... and you do not even know it . kezure ( puzzle , look around ) huh ?... scraggy and betsy exchange a shocked glance . Clare be also surprised by the news . the tnt fuse near the end ... ready to blow at any second ... Indiana remove the ancient scroll from he pocket . he extend the scroll to kezure . indiana the Sacred pai- Cho scroll . kezure grab the scroll . attempt to read it . indy interrupt . indiana do not bother . only we can translate it . kezure examine the scroll . puzzle by the write . Indiana and scraggy exchange a hopeful glanpe . kezure pause . thinking . he mumble to himself . kezure the lose City ... Said to have street paved in gold ... treasure far great than any mortal man could imagine ... kezure push Clare away . toward Indiana . Clare embrace indy , as he blows out the dynamite fuse . kezure growls at indy . kezure you pathetic life will be spare . for now . ( scratch he neck ) but everything we find in the lose City ... belong to I . indiana fat chance , sinbad . it 's 50 - 50 . or you have get no deal . kezure ( vicious smile ) it be my way . or you have get no head . CUT to : int . water curtain cave - that night a group of Pirates sit together . drunk . they sing one of they ancient song . the guitar strumm crew member accompany they . Indiana and scraggy sit around a blazing FIRE with kezure and several other Pirates . indy , wear he spectacle , translate the scroll with scraggy . Indiana be puzzle . troubled . he look at scraggy . indiana read that last proverb again ... scraggy ( read translation ) " High tide drown curiosity , low tide quench thirst " . indiana ( stand , look at the surroundings ) there 's something here ... something that could help we ... meanwhile , betsy and Clare work in another section of the cave . Clare be do some archeological work , study the various artifact and utensil . betsy assist she . they be surround by leering , hungry eyed pirate . the drunken Pirates don ' T take they eye off of the girl . betsy notice . she point it out to Clare . betsy look at them . it 's like they have never see a woman before . clare to they ... we be the ultimate woman . betsy kinda ' flatter , be not it ?... be the girl of 200 guy 's dream ? Clare and betsy exchange a chuckle . meanwhile , Indiana , scraggy and kezure walk through the cavern . indy be looking around . curious , he turn to kezure . indiana be there a area ... a place where the tide change ?... kezure lead Indiana and scraggy into a dark corner of the cavern . a large , smooth wall stretch to the ceiling . the wall be fill with intricate crack . at the base of the wall , water slowly pour into the cavern . kezure point to the water . kezure in a few hour ... the water will be lower ... much lower ... indiana and the remainder of this wall will be visible ?.... kezure nods . Indiana 's eye light . a realization . he excitedly turn to kezure . indiana we be gonna need light . a lot of light . on this wall . kezure nods . Indiana exchange a anxious , hopeful glance with scraggy . dissolve to : close up - a snoring pirate camera pull back . all of the Pirates sleep . they slumbering body lie in various position , throughout the cave . Indiana and kezure be still awake . the flicker orange light of the torch illuminate the wall in front of they . they await the lowering tide . scraggy , betsy and Clare sleep on the ground beside they . kezure pour two glass of whiskey from a stone bottle . he give a glass to Indiana . kezure toast . kezure to my good fortune . kezure gobbles down the whiskey . Indiana reluctantly drink . kezure pour two more glass . laughing . kezure you know ... we be very much alike , Doctor jone . indiana I doubt that . kezure we both share a remarkable talent for kill . indiana I have never get use to kill , pal . I do it for survival . kezure I do it for pleasure . Indiana downs he whiskey . a laughing kezure do the same . Indiana notice something . on the wall . he jump to he foot . camera pan to the wall . the tide be very low . the entire wall be now visible . what be once simple crack , have become the specific line of a map . a group of arrow lead to a " X " at the bottom corner of the map . a fascinated kezure and Indiana study the wall . indiana ( astound ) this be incredible ... this map be obviously use by Sun Wu kung 's disciple ... if they be ever lose ... kezure this drawing ... they be of the surround jungle ... indiana ( point to " X " ) where be that ?... kezure it be locate at the most South Eastern part of the jungle ... near the mountain ... there be a village there . the mongooboo tribe . indiana you know they ? kezure very well . I trade with the chief for many year . indiana ( anxious , excited ) good . we will leave in the morning . camera pan from Indiana and kezure , to a dark cave . a few feet away . stand inside , be the figure of the mysterious crew member . the traitor . his face be hidden in the shadow . again , he radios back to Nazis . he whisper in german . camera dolly into a close up of he radio microphone . a red swastika adorn the microphone . ext . jungle plain - the following afternoon scraggy 's decrepid model-t taxi putter across the flat , jungle terrain . the hot SUN shine in the background . the car be completely packed with people . ready to burst . scraggy drive . Indiana , Clare and betsy be crowded in the front seat . kezure and four Pirates ride in the rear compartment . everyone be uncomfortable . cramped . sweat . two of scraggy 's crew member straddle the sideboard . Three man sit on the roof , include the guitar player , who play a delightful melody . various rusted pot , pan and other utensil dangle from the car . this create a charming , jingling sound . the taxi pass a herd of giraffe . the beautiful animal stare in bewilderment at the pass taxi . suddenly , there be a distant SOUND . the same low , rumbling we hear earlier . the giraffe scatter . afraid of the unnatural sound . int . taxi the bizarre SOUND echoe through the taxi . indy exchange a puzzle look with the other . indiana that sound . again . scraggy ( listen ) still far away ... but get closer . the sound stop . Indiana be bother . disturbed . kezure leans forward . he point to a clustered area of jungle . nearly a mile in the distance . kezure the village be there . Beyond the thick of jungle . scraggy nods . he drive toward the village . suddenly , a arrow shoot through the window ! just missing everyone . it shatter the passenger window . a tribe of native warrior appear on the terrain . there be hundred . scream in high pitch squeal . they body adorned with red and white paint . the angry warrior run toward the taxi . firing arrow ! on the taxi roof , the man dive for cover . arrow whiz by they head . Inside , everyone roll up the window . the taxi be attack with a shower of arrow . scraggy floors the gas . the taxi keep moving ahead . speed toward the jungle . Indiana glare at kezure . indiana think you say they know you ?... kezure give a puzzle shrug . the warrior continue to chase the taxi . get closer . firing more arrow . the taxi spin to a stop . directly in front of a large open that lead into the jungle . everyone pour out of the taxi . arrow fly by they head . they dash through the open . into the jungle . the Warrior stop . outside of the open . they don't enter . turning to each other , they begin to laugh . victorious . int . jungle a almost perfect path have be clear through the thick jungle . Indiana and the other run through the path . indy suddenly pause . motioning for the other to stop . a puzzle look cover he face . indiana wait ... listen ... they be not follow we ... one of the Pirates continue to move forward . his foot trip a thin string that stretch across the path . whoosh ! a booby trapped palm tree swing forward ! it slam into the pirate ! like a giant baseball bat ! it send the pirate flying upward . high into the AIR ! his body be thrown several foot into the jungle . Indiana exchange a cautious look with the other . indiana be careful where you step ... we have get to move slowly ... very slowly ... Indiana lead everyone . they creep through the path . indy pause . camera pan to he waist . a section of vine stretch across the path . another booby trap . Indiana crawl beneath the vine . he motion for the other to follow . one by one , they carefully crawl beneath the vine . the guitar player be last . he begin to crawl through . he nearly make it , when ... the top of he guitar hit the vine ! the vine snap . there be a creaking SOUND . a giant , metal trap , over four feet high , shoot up from the ground ! a human trap ! the guitar player dive to safety ! the trap 's sharp metal teeth SNAP shut ! the guitar be snapped in two ! soon , the path erupt with countless rows of trap . they eject from the ground . snapping shut . one after the other . everyone begin to run . the trap SNAP shut only a few feet behind they ! everyone round a corner ... they come upon ... a enormous pit ! over ten feet deep ! fill with countless layer of scorpion ! there be nowhere to turn . nowhere to run . the metal trap continue to shut behind they ! Indiana remove he sword . he slice at a bamboo tree . the trap continue to shut behind he . get closer . closer . Indiana give a final whack to the tree . it fall . stretching across the pool . only a few feet above the sting scorpion . Indiana begin to climb across . move hand over hand . everyone hurriedly follows . the bamboo tree creak with they every movement . they foot dangle only inches above the scorpion . the last pirate grab hold of the bamboo tree , just as the final metal trap shut ! just missing he ! as the last pirate make he way across the pit , he drop a small bag of gold coin . the coin rest a few foot below . directly on top of the scorpion . the pirate pause . decide whether to climb to safety or retrieve the coin . everyone else have made it across . the greedy pirate want he money . with he leave hand , he hold tightly to the bamboo tree . with the other , he reach for the coin . his finger be inches from the ciin . but he lose he grip . he fall . into the pit . surrounded by hundred of scorpion . he struggle to get out . climbing . swimming . but he only manage to sink . the pirate 's scream die , as he body be engulfed by the sting scorpion . Indiana and the other continue ahead . move slowly . carefully . someone 's foot step on a wooden trigger . there be another creaking SOUND . behind everyone , a large bamboo door eject from the ground . it lead to a underground cage . the door creak OPEN . three ferocious lions leap out ! teeth bare . growling . they come for the human . everyone dash forward . running . the lion be in hot pursuit . fast . the human do not stand a chance . suddenly , Clare stop . she turn . facing the charge lion . Indiana look back . scream . indiana Clare ! what be you ...?!? the lion stop . inch from Clare . they surround she . ready to attack . Indiana watch . puzzle . Clare begin to make bizarre purring and cooing sound . the lion pause . they recognize the sound . Clare continue . the lion begin to warm up to she . Clare kneel . she pet the beast . the lion snuggle up to Clare . licking she face . Indiana and the other come closer . puzzle . Clare explain . clare I imitate the sound of a lion mother call she baby . betsy be impressed . Indiana smile . relieved . indiana c'mon . let 's get outta ' -- indy turn ... face to face with a grotesque shrunken head ! he step back . the shrunken head be wear around the neck of a tall , muscular tribal chief . leader of the warrior . countless native stand behind the chief . a look of anger ... hate ... cover the Chief 's face . Indiana give a hopeful glance to kezure . indiana be this the tribal Chief you tell I about ?... you friend ?... kezure ( point to shrunken head ) no . that be he . Indiana roll he eye . the warrior surround everyone . arrow aim . ready to kill . the Warrior lead everyone out of the path . ext . mongoobo village several grass hut be scattered throughout this large village . Indiana and the other be LED into the village . they pass the penetrate , unfriendly glare of the villager . kezure explain to Indiana . kezure this be a different tribe . New . they have take over the village . indiana what happen to the other tribe ? kezure shrug . Indiana turn to scraggy . indiana you recognize they language ? page 73 missing from hard copy suddenly , a voice echoe from inside of the oven . the native listen . again , the voice shout from inside . it 's scraggy . the native recognize the language . they quickly OPEN the oven door . scraggy be scream in the tribe 's tongue . the grille be pulled out of the oven . the native hurriedly untie the slightly smoke Indiana , kezure and scraggy . scraggy shoot to he foot . furious . he begin to shout at the tribal chief . the Chief and the villager be awestruck by scraggy 's word . the nervous Chief order Clare , betsy and the other untied . scraggy whisper to Indiana . scraggy I tell he we divine messenger of Sun wu-kung . if he interfere with we mission ... jade Emperor come down from heaven and destroy he village . indy smile . scraggy turn and again shout to the chief . the chief obey scraggy 's every word . he lead indy and scraggy to another area of the village . scraggy translate for Indiana . scraggy I tell he we lose path to city ... I ask if he have something to help we . the chief lead indy and scraggy into a large grass hut . int . grass hut empty , save for a elaborate marble altar . a dull mirror rest on the altar . the small mirror be surround by a crude , stone frame . the chief pick up the mirror and give it to scraggy . the chief explain . scraggy give the mirror to Indiana . scraggy ( translate ) he say this will help we . and since we be divine messenger ... we will know how to use it ! Indiana smirk . he examine the mirror . totally confuse by it . CUT to : ext . mongooboo village - dawn the village sleep . quiet . peaceful . scraggy 's model - T be parked here . several of the crew member and Pirates be sleeping in and around the car . kezure be sprawle on the car 's roof . snoring . it be obvious that they have camped here for the evening . suddenly , a slight tremor surge through the village . a soft vibration . cook utensil rattle . grass hut shake . int . grass hut Indiana sleep here . in a hammock . the vibration wake indy . as he move to climb out of the hammock , a figure leap on top of he ! betsy . betsy indy . I be frighten . indiana I be claustrophobic . Indiana attempt to push betsy out of the hammock . she resist . they begin to wrestle . struggle . the hammock become tangled around they body . Clare walk by the hut . she look inside . to she , it appear that indy and betsy be in the middle of a passionate love scene . she emit a shocked gasp . Indiana sees Clare . he call out . indiana Clare !... wait !... but the startle Clare hurrie away . Indiana manage to escape betsy and the tangle hammock . he land on the floor . breathless . ext . village the vibrate intensifies . the ground begin to rumble . the surround tree shake . the villager pour out of they hut , gather in the middle of town . frightened . Indiana and betsy join scraggy , Clare , kezure and the other . betsy be puzzle by the tremor . betsy a earthquake ? the tribal Chief step forward . he say one word in he language . scraggy translate for the other . scraggy wildebeest . CUT to : a herd of stampeding wildebeest hundred of the raging animal plow through the jungle . move fast . they crush everything in they path . ext . mongooboo village the vibrate be louder . harder . the villager panic . they run away . scatter into the jungle . Indiana and he party be clustered together . Clare exclaim . clare we have to get out ... or we will be crush to death . indiana scraggy ... how close ? scraggy put he ear to the tremble ground . he listen . scraggy two mile . indy dash to the model-t supply rack . he toss shovel to each of the group . he look around . indiana where 's the softest ground ?... scraggy ask a passing villager . the villager shout some gibberish and continue run . scraggy point off screen . toward a communal graveyard . CUT to : the wildebeest . snorting . stomping . carving a wide path through the thick jungle . small animal run for they life . bunny dash ahead of the herd . monkey swing to other tree . the angry wildebeest continue ahead . ext . village Indiana and the other stand in the large graveyard . shovel in hand . they have dug a large hole . piece of decayed body and skeleton protrude from the surround hole . scraggy stare at the ghastly sight . eye wide . fearful . he begin to babble . hysterical . scraggy oh , no ! many dead spirit ! bad spirit ... we must stay away ... indy interrupt by pushing scraggy into the OPEN grave . scraggy fall into the arm of a skeleton . he scream . CUT to : the herd of wildebeest bursting through a section of jungle . they arrive on the vast jungle plain . directly ahead of they , several foot in the distance , be the mongooboo village . the wildebeest head straight for the village . ext . village deserted . no sign of human life . everything trembles with the force of a major earthquake . the wildebeest arrive . destroy the village . grass hut be flattened . the enormous stone oven collapse . crumbling to piece . scraggy 's model - T be overturned . with nothing leave stand , the wildebeest move on . the village have be completely devastate . surrounded with a heavy cloud of dust . camera pan to the graveyard . grave marker and tombstone lie broken and crushed . countless hoofprint cover the flat ground . the dust begin to settle . the graveyard ground suddenly buckle . moving . a hand shoot out . Indiana climb out of the dirt . he be followed by the other , who also climb out from underground . everyone be unhurt . safe . protected by the ground above . a skeleton have attached itself to betsy . refusing to let go . scraggy , indy and a few of the man run to the overturn model-t taxi . they grab hold of the car and turn it back upright . Clare look at the devastate village . betsy stand beside she , struggling to escape from the clutches of the skeleton . Clare look into the distance . watch the departing wildebeest . she be troubled . worried . clare that 's odd ... wildebeest will not stampede unless provoke ... suddenly , the same low , rumbling SOUND from earlier , echoes through the area . but this time it be loud . nearly deafening . scraggy look at indy . scraggy this time , it be very close , indy . very close ! at that moment , directly behind scraggy and indy , the jungle erupt ! the tree separate . crashing to the ground . make way for some giant behemoth . scraggy and the other leap in one direction . Indiana leap in another . a giant tank shoot out of the jungle . a metal monstrosity . one of a kind . the tank be over ten time the size of a normal tank . nearly 100 feet long . over 25 feet high . it be equip with three level . on the top level , be the tank 's swivelling gun barrel . enormous . the size of a cannon . two giant , blazing red swastikas adorn both side of the tank 's second level . the tank run over scraggy 's model -t . the car be flattened . a thick cloud of dust erupt from the ground . int . tank gutterbuhg be here . he view the outside action through a periscope . two nazi gunners be behind he . waiting for order to shoot . tyki sit in the background . the confuse pygmy be bound and gag . outside scraggy , Clare , betsy , kezure and the other dash across the plain . running away from the pursue tank . but Indiana be not with they . scraggy , unable to see through the dust , call out . scraggy indy ?... indy ?... Indiana be several feet away . on the ground . alone . lost in the thick of dust . suddenly , a dark figure appear . towering over Indiana . the dust begin to clear . revealing a protrude white horn . more dust clear . we see that the figure be a large , black rhinoceros ! indy leap to he foot . the rhino snort . indy turn to run . the rhino chase he ! meanwhile , with most of the dust cleare , the tank chase indy'' friend across the jungle plain . int . tank gutterbuhg look into the periscope . indy 's friend be in he sight . gutterbuhg scream to the gunner . gutterbuhg ( german ; English subtitles ) Fire ! outside the tank 's large barrel fire a shot at the run group . the blast fly over there head . just missing everyone . it blast a row of palm tree to smithereen . indiana be still run from the rampaging rhino . indy begin to run in a circle . the angry rhino follows he . the circle begin to tighten ... become smaller ... smaller ... until indy be nearly run alongside of the rhino . at the exact moment , indy grab hold of the rhino . he leap onto the beast . with a bit of careful maneuver , Indiana be riding the rhinoceros ! scraggy , betsy , Clare , kezure and the other continue to run . the tank be right behind they . moving fast . in hot pursuit . the tank fire another shot ! it splatter the ground . beside the group . again , just missing everyone . the group turn . running in another direction . the tank follows . Indiana continue to ride the wild , bucking rhino . he have no control over the beast . the rhino spot something . the tank . from this angle , the tank , with its large protrude gun barrel , resemble a giant rhinoceros . see this , the rhino turn and run toward the tank . head on . indy hold tightly . scraggy and the other pause . they see the tank behind they . they see the rhino ahead of they . the group make quick turn . to the right . they run toward a ravine . the tank be head straight for indy and the rhino . both move at full speed . int . tank through the periscope , gutterbuhg sees indy and the rhino . indiana continue to ride the uncontrollable rhino . they be within thirty feet of the oncoming tank . int . tank gutterbuhg scream in german , order the Nazi gunner to " Fire " . ext . plain the tank fire . the blast be low . the ground in front of indy and the rhino explode . a cloud of dust erupt . int . tank gutterbuhg look through the periscope . his view be blocked by dust . ext . plain the tank be upon indy and the rhino . the rhino screech to a stop . frightened by the blast . Indiana leap onto the tank . gripping the front section . holding on for dear life . moment before he be crush beneath the tank 's giant tread , the rhino turn and run off . scraggy , betsy , Clare , kezure and the other , have arrive at the foot of a tall , several branch tree . locate at the side of the ravine . over the ravine 's edge , be a several hundre foot drop onto jag rock . scraggy begin to climb the tree . scraggy safest place from bad spirit ... be in branch of tree . the other shrug . they have no choice but to follow scraggy up into the branch of the tree . Indiana climb along the side of the monstrous tank . he search for a passageway inside of the tank . int . tank the Nazis be unaware of indy 's presense on the tank . gutterbuhg continue to look through the periscope . the dust begin to clear . he focus he sight on indy 's friend . locate several foot away . they climb into the tree . gutterbuhg smile . ext . tank indy cannot find a passageway into the tank . he sees the gun barrel . overhead . it swivel . aiming toward the tree fill with indy 's friend . indy grab one of the tank 's large headlight . he pull hard . snapping off the headlight . indy leap upward . he quickly stuff the headlight inside of the barrel open . int . tank the tree of indy 's friend be in gutterbuhg 's sight . a perfect shot . gutterbuhg scream in german , order the Nazi gunner to shoot . they FIRE . but the barrel backfire ! exploding in the face of the two Nazi gunner . it send they flying against the wall . out cold . the cabin fill with smoke . only gutterbuhg and tyki remain . a furious gutterbuhg pick up the radio . he scream into the microphone . gutterbuhg ( german ; English subtitles ) send help ! we need assistance ! tyki helplessly watch in the background . gutterbuhg look into the periscope . he sees Indiana . on the tank . gutterbuhg hit a red button . on the control panel . ext . tank countless rows of machine gun eject from secret slot . all around the tank 's first level . the machine gun begin to FIRE . rapidly . wildly . Indiana duck and dodge the gun . he climb to the second level . but the large swastikas begin to move . open . they be actually hidden door . secret compartment . several nazi soldier exit the compartment . they come for Indiana . he fight the onslaught of soldier . punching . wrestling . the tank , without a driver , begin to wildly spin . go in circle . from the tree , scraggy see indy 's dillemma . he shout to the other . scraggy indy in trouble ! we must help ! scraggy begin to climb out of the tree . a gun suddenly move into frame . pointed at scraggy 's head . scraggy turn . one of he crew member hold the gun . crew member ( german accent ) do not move . ( to the other ) all of you . stay where you be . scraggy and the other freeze . Clare make a realization . she glare at the Crew member . clare it be you . you be the reason the Nazis find we . the crew member give a evil smile . Indiana continue to fight the Nazis , along the second level of the frenzied tank . indy have defeated most of the soldier . only two nazis remain . they overcome indy . they push he downward . toward the tank 's first level . toward the row of firing machine gun . Indiana struggle to break free . but the powerful Nazis push he closer ... closer ...to the machine gun . in the tree , the crew member keep he pistol aimed at scraggy 's head . camera pan upward . kezure be perched on the top branch . above scraggy . at the right moment , kezure leap down . on top of the treacherous crew member . kezure knock the gun from the crew member 's hand . blam ! the gun goe off . a stray bullet strike the tree trunk . kezure punch the crew member , who lose he balance and fall from the tree . go over the edge of the ravine . his body drop hundred of foot . crashing to the rock below . kezure smile . victorious . but the tree suddenly creak . groans . a crack have form around the trunk , where the bullet struck . the tree begin to tilt . slowly teeter over the ravine 's edge . everyone panic . betsy shout . betsy nobody move . or we will go over . everyone freeze . scare to death . they tightly grip they branch . the tree sways . slowly . Indiana still fight the two Nazis . struggling to keep he body from the tank 's deadly machine gun . indy flip one of the Nazis over he head . the Nazi fall directly in front of a entire row of machine gun . his body do a grotesque dance of death . riddle with bullet . Indiana and the other Nazi exchange punch . they body tumble over the rear of the tank . they fall onto a SMALL ledge . above the enormous , rotate tank tread . indy and the Nazi battle to push the other off the ledge . Indiana prevail . he push the Nazi on top of the giant tread . the Nazi try to climb back ... but he body be dragge beneath the tank . crushed . Indiana turn , see gutterbuhg climb out of a secret hatch . on the tank 's top level . gutterbuhg point he finger at indy . it rapidly fire bullet . indy dodge around the side of the tank . bullet bounce off the metal beside he . meanwhile , indy 's friend sit breathlessly on the sway tree . everyone be silent . still . kezure suddenly sneeze . the tree creak . it waver over the ravine 's edge . nearly go over . but it doesn 't. everyone catch there breath . the tree continue to teeter . gutterbuhg pursue Indiana . play cat and mouse along the top level of the tank . Indiana peer around a corner . see gutterbuhg ahead . indy grab hold of the large rotating gun barrel . indy lift he foot . he swing forwafd . riding the gun barrel . he spin around the tank 's side and come up behind the unsuspecting gutterbuhg . indy jump the Nazi . they begin to fight . gutterbuhg try to move he mechanical arm into position . to shoot indy . the tank continue to lose control . it no longer spin in circle . it be head straight toward the tree fill with indy 's friend . int . tank tyki sit inside . watching through the periscope . helpless . ext . plain gutterbuhg and Indiana continue to fight . suddenly , there be a buz SOUND . a airplane engine . Indiana look to the sky . a nazi biplane fly toward he . the biplane dive . move lower . lower . gutterbuhg roll out of the way . indy be trapped . a sitting duck . the biplane swoops down . try to hit indy . he dive onto the tank top . lying flat . the plane fly directly over indy . just missing he by a few feet . meanwhile , the tank still drive directly toward the sway tree and ravine . scraggy , betsy , Clare , kezure and the other remain frozen . still . watching the tank come for they . they be frightened . helpless . indy and gutterbuhg have resumed they fight . stand on the tank 's top . the biplane loops in the air . come back for another shot . gutterbuhg leap out of its path . the plane head straight for indy . he again dive to the tank 's top . the biplane swoops down . this time aiming lower . as it pass indy , its wheel graze he back . indy cry out . the tank continue to speed towd the tree of trap people . get closer ... closer ... his back aching , indy struggle to keep gutterbuhg 's machine gun arm from shoot he . the biplane do another midair loop . it turn and head straight for indy . this time , the plane won't miss . as the biplane get close ... indy grab a tight hold of gutterbuhg 's mechanical arm . indy raise the arm . aiming at the biplane . indy pull the arm 's trigger . firing a round of shot . the rapid bullet strike the plane 's belly . the biplane lose control . its engine cough . die . the biplane spin . flip into a nosedive . leave a trail of black smoke . the biplane hit the ground . a flaming crash ! several feet from the tank . Indiana overpower gutterbuhg . with two hard punch , indy floors the Nazi . gutterbuhg lie sprawled on the tank 's top . unconscious . indy turn . he see that the speed tank be go to crash into the treefull of he friend . Indiana leap into the open tank compartment . int . tank Indiana take the control . but they be completely alien to he . he hear a squeal . tyki . behind he . tyki motion to a specific control . indy grab hold of it . ext . plain the tank screech . spinning to a stop . inches from the sway tree . scraggy , Clare , betsy , kezure and the other , emit a unified sigh of relief . but the tree suddenly crack . it tilt . falling over the ravine edge ! everyone scream ! there be the sudden crack of a whip ! the whip wrap itself around the trunk of the tree . Indiana hold the opposite end . he pull with all of he strength . holding the tree in place . he prevent the tree from falling into the ravine . indy shout to he friend . through gritted teeth . indiana jump !... jump !... everyone begin to leap from the tree . to the ground . indy continue to hold the tree in place . muscle bulging . sweat pouring . vein popping . soon , everyone be back on the ground . safe . indy retrieve he whip . the tree tilt . falling over the ravine edge . the tree crash to the rock below . splintering into a million piece . on the top level of the tank , gutterbuhg stir . wake . but Indiana be upon he . use a rope , indy tie up gutterbuhg . he remove the ammo cartridge from the Nazi 's mechanical arm . emptying the bullet onto the ground . Indiana push gutterbuhg inside the tank . tyki crawl out of the tank . he sees Clare . tear of happiness fill he eye . he run to Clare . the two exchange a warm embrace . tyki sees scraggy . they shake hand and begin a excite conversation . like two old friend . int . tank indy grab the radio microphone . he hold it in front of gutterbuhg . indiana call you mommy . gutterbuhg growls . he speak german into the microphone . the voice of lieut . mephisto answer . echoing over the speaker . indy grab the microphone . interrupting . indiana this be Jones . I have get you tank . ( pause ) it 's all over , pal . you lose . CUT to : close - up : lieut . mephisto he be angry . upset . but he force himself to calmly address Indiana . mephisto Doctor Jones ... you surprise I . for a supposedly intelligent man ... you jump to childish conclusion . remember ... you be drive we tank . we can follow you anywhere . ( vehement ) you be far from defeat we , my friend . the battle have only just begin . camera pull back . mephisto be stand beside a long row of tent . house many troops . several jeep be park in the background . all mount with recoilest cannon . 5 canvas truck be also here . fill with more troops , cannon and ammunition . the Nazis have assemble a entire army ! indiana drop the microphone . suddenly worried . he hurrie out of the tank . gutterbuhg stay behind . laughing . ext . plain Indiana hurrie to tyki and the other . indy shoot a impatient glance to scraggy . indiana we have get to move . fast. ( point to tyki ) ask he if he know the way to the City from here . scraggy asks tyki . the pygmy answer , point off screen . scraggy translate for Indiana . scraggy he do not know exact place ... but it be somewhere over there . indy turn to the direction where scraggy point . several mile away , we see countless rows of mountain . thick layer of cloud surround the mountain . Indiana sigh . indiana a lotta ' good that do we ... it could take we month ... year ... to search everyone of that . betsy have a idea . she remove the stone mirror from Indiana 's pocket . betsy maybe he know what to do with this ... betsy give the mirror to tyki . his eye widen . in awe . tyki recognize the mirror . he excitedly explain to scraggy , who translate for Indiana . scraggy it be " magical Mirror of Sun Wu kung " ... indiana but whattayou do with it ? scraggy asks tyki . the energetic pygmy place the mirror against a upright stone . tyki adjust the mirror , until it face the distant mountain . tyki emit a high pitch giggle . pointing to the mirror . everyone gather around the mirror . the SOUND track music soar . the mirror reflect the cloud above the mountain . but above one specific mountain , we see the image of a CITY reflected on the cloud ! Indiana turn away from the mirror , look at the specific moontain . but the city be only reflected in the magical mirror ! Clare smile at indy , quote tyki from earlier . clare " I come from land of City on Cloud " . Indiana nods . hopeful . anxious . he look back to the magical reflection . CUT to : the tank travel a narrow path . along the side of a steep mountain . the tank move upward . toward the mountain top . the tank jerk . wobbles . it 's as if the driver be have trouble with the control . int . tank Indiana drive . unfamiliar with the control . the tank be crowded with everyone . betsy and Clare sit beside indy . gutterbuhg be directly behind he . kezure teaches a game to scraggy . tyki , the Pirates and the various crew member watch . the game appear to be a bizarre version of chess . only the token be dried insect and lizard . kezure explain . kezure this be call " taskipi " . only the bravest play . upon hearing this , scraggy be even more excite to play . the game begins . Indiana be become extremely frustrate by the tank control . betsy give a serious look to he . betsy I have be talk to Dr. Clarke about we problem . indiana ( struggle with tank ) Problem ?... hey ... what be you two doin ' talkin ' behind my back ?... clare betsy need help . I oblige . indiana since when do you become the female sigmund Freud ? clare since I receive a Masters Degree in psychology . indy roll he eye . meanwhile , kezure have taken all of scraggy 's token . he 's obviously won the game . a carefree scraggy throws up he hand . scraggy we play again ? kezure ( pause , serious ) the game be not yet over , my friend . scraggy oh ? kezure you have lose . you must pay . scraggy ( go through pocket ) I do not have money ... kezure no. no. money . ( deadly smile ) rule of the game declare that I may choose a souvenir . ( remove a knife ) a part of you body . any part I wish . scraggy gulp . kezure pause . rubbing he jaw . thinking . meanwhile , betsy explain to Indians . betsy Dr. Clarke say that you be not really in love with I . you be just try to prove that you can still attract young woman . you be terrify of get old . indiana that 's crazy . betsy that 's what I tell she . I tell she that you really do love I . indiana ( fumble ) well ... that 's ...ah... well ... betsy ( worried ) you mean ... she be right ?... indiana no ... I mean yes ... I mean ... indy turn , see Clare glaring at he . indy sigh . pause . he give betsy a tender , honest look . indiana no , betsy . I do not love you . betsy ( tear fill she eye ) that 's the first time you ever say it ! betsy begin crying . into Clare 's arm . Indiana shake he head . Clare comfort betsy . clare there . there . he 's a very disturb man . Indiana sigh . he turn . face to face with a grinning and nodding gutterbuhg . kezure have make he decision . scraggy wait . terrified . kezure raise he knife . toward scraggy 's face . kezure you eye . they be a strike deep blue . scraggy cover he face . kezure attack he . try to CUT out scraggy 's eye . a fight begin . the crew member VS. the Pirates . Indiana turn , away from the control . he break up the fight . indiana ( angry ) enough . we be in this together . if we start fight among ourselves ... we will never get out alive . the man calm down . catch they breath . kezure put away he knife . he glare at scraggy . kezure you owe I , old man . ext . mountain the tank , without a driver , begin to swerve off the mountain road . int . tank Clare notice the tank go over the mountain . she scream . clare Doctor Jones !!! indy turn . leaping back to the control . he hurriedly steer the tank back onto the mountain path . save it at the last moment . everyone catch they breath . Indiana step on the gas , continue ahead . CUT to : ext . mountain - a few hour later the tank have nearly make it to the top of the mountain . trekk through a narrow , rocky ravine . the tank roll to a stop . the top hatch flip OPEN . Indiana , scraggy and tyki pop out . tyki suddenly point to the mountain top , which be cloak in thick layer of cloud . tyki 's eye fill with joyous tear . he begin to shout . his voice squeal with excitement . scraggy translate for indy . scraggy he say that two mile ahead ... we will find he home . Indiana smile . excite by the prospect . touched by tyki 's reaction . indy look to the foot of the mountain . several mile below . the nazi force have arrive ! they be still at least two hour from reach Indiana and the other . the massive army move fast . they begin to drive along the mountain path . following Indiana . in hot pursuit . indy pause . worried . thinking . he look at the surround rocky wall , then to the tank 's enormous gun barrel . a idea . he hurrie back inside of the tank . scraggy and tyki follow . close the hatch above they . int . tank indy look at the tank 's control panel . a puzzlement . he look at gutterbuhg . indiana how do I work the big gun ? gutterbuhg smile . he refuse to answer . indy have no time for game . he look at kezure . indiana want you souvenir ? ( grab gutterbuhg 's leave arm ) start with he good arm . kezure smile and remove he long knife . he move it gutterbuhg 's neck . the snivelling Nazi cry out . gutterbuhg w-w-wait !... please !... indy nods to kezure . the pirate King move he knife . gutterbuhg hurriedly point to two switch on the control panel . gutterbuhg there . that be what you want . indy nods . he turn to the switch . ext . ravine close - up : the tank 's large gun barrel swivel . point upward . to the rock above . the gun fire a shot . it swivel a few feet . then fire another . and another . a rumbling SOUND echoe through the area . int . tank indy hit the gas . ext . ravine the tank shoot forward . speed ahead . a avalanche begins ! just missing the tank . several pound of rock and debris fall from above . the rock create a thick wall . blocking the mountain path . the tank continue along the twist , narrow mountain path . move further and further upward . the tank disappear into the thick cloud that surround the mountain . int . tank Indiana look through the persiscope . his view blind by the cloud . ext . mountain the tank be a large , grey blur through the cloud . several dark , bulking figure appear ! they climb along the ravine side and top . the mysterious figure surround the tank . all be hold enormous boulder over they head . aimed at the tank . int . tank indy ease up on the gas . the tank slow . suddenly , there be a loud crash ! the tank be hit . rattling . shaking . everyone be tossed . save for indy , who stays at the control . he continue to guide the tank forward . there be another crash . and another . and another . ext . mountain the dark figure shower the tank with heavy boulder . the tank 's gun barrel snap in two . headlights smash . its body become dented . cracked . int . tank Indiana be tough . persistent . he continue to move the jolting tank forward . as the surround wall cave in . shatter . everyone panic . scream . ext . mountain the injure , wobble tank move out of the cloud . arrive around the corner from the mountain top . the countless dark figure continue to follow the tank . scurry along the ravine side and top . the figure emerge from the cloud . for the first time , they be visible . and we see that the figure be tall ... hairy ... muscular ... gorillas ! they continue to assault the tank with boulder . int . tank Indiana still attempt to move the tank forward . but the engine begin to cough . sputter . and die . ext . mountain the tank come to a sudden stop . one of the gorilla emit a big pitched shriek . communicating with the other . the other pause . they stop the attack . the gorilla approach the tank . slowly . cautiously . the ape reach out . touching the tank 's wreck body . a few of the ape begin to climb onto the tank . the tank 's top hatch flip OPEN . indy 's head pop out . two hairy arm reach into frame and grab indiana ! a enormous gorilla pull indy out of the hatch ! the ape toss indy off screen ! Indiana fly into the AIR ! he land in the arm of another gorilla . the ape take indy 's whip and throws he to another gorilla , who take indy 's hat . the gorilla toss indy to another ape , who tear off indy 's leather jacket . the helpless indy be thrown to yet another gorilla . the angry ape raise indy over he head . the gorilla prepare to throw indiana off of the mountain edge ! tyki 's voice erupt from off screen . the gorilla pause , suspending Indiana high in the AIR . the gorilla turn to tyki . the pygmy stand on the tank . he shout a order to the gorilla . the ape nods . understanding . he know tyki . the gorilla gently place indy back on the ground . Indiana adjust what remain of he clothing . he turn , see a group of gorillas . huddle together . the gorilla separate . they have dressed one of the ape in indiana's hat , leather jacket and whip ! the ape begin to SNAP the whip , almost as if he be imitating indy . scraggy , betsy , Clare and the other have climbed out of the tank . upon see the gorilla dressed as indy , they burst into laughter . a very angry Indiana growl at tyki . indiana ( point to gorilla ) tell he to take off my stuff ! through laughter , scraggy translate for tyki . the pygmy shout a order to the gorilla . the ape remove the hat and leather jacket , reluctantly give they back to a grumble Indiana . tyki continue to shoot order to the other gorilla . the pygmy suddenly appear strong . authoritative . he obviously have power over the beast . the gorilla gather together . they move toward the people . the ape gently take the hand of the various human . it be a warm , enchanting sight , as the friendly gorilla lead the human forward . Clare , use she gorilla motion and sound , communicate with the beast . the group move around a twisting corner of the path . toward the mountain top . around the corner Indiana and the other be meet with a awesome sight ! indy stop . his mouth drop OPEN . Clare be equally astounded . betsy and the other stare ahead . in total wonderment . even gutterbuhg be amazed . the SOUND track music explode into a thundering crescendo ! the lost CITY of SUN wu-kung lie ahead of the group . a spectacular sight ! a city whose every building and tower be cast in solid gold ! sparkling ! glistening ! a heavenly place . the City be protect by a deep moat . the fin of several shark move through the moat water . a thick stone wall surround the city . a large , golden drawbridge be build into the wall . passageway into the city . a tremendous tower stretch above the city wall . the guard , a pygmy similiar to tyki , be posted in the tower . the guard spot tyki , approach the city wall . the guard 's eye light . he smile . the guard cry out ! shout to everyone inside of the City . he continue to repeat a certain phrase . scraggy translate the guard 's word for Indiana . scraggy he say ... " we Prince have return home " . Indiana smile . soon , the beautiful sound of countless ringing bell be hear , welcoming tyki home . eye watering , a proud tyki and the gorilla lead everyone to the foot of the City wall . the enormous drawbridge begin to lower . a stunning shaft of golden light escape from the open . as the drawbridge continue to lower , the shaft of light become wider . brighter . it illuminate the face of indy and the other . when the drawbridge be completely lowered , everyone be LED into the CITY . they body silhouetted against the warm glow light . int . CITY we enter with indy and the other . the city be bursting with the bright color of various vegetable and fruit garden , and various other exotic plant life . luscious GREEN grass and crystal clear lake surround many of the home . the earthen street be literally pave with gold . the man and woman of the City be member of tyki 's race . oriental pygmies . there be a peaceful , joyous quality about they . they rush toward tyki . embracing he . showering he with kiss . welcoming he home . Indiana and the other be in awe of this new world . gutterbuhg walk with they . camera pan to he hand . he struggle to untie he binding . kezure spot something . a small , solid gold garden tool . lying in a vegetable garden . kezure 's eye fill with greed . he move to steal the can . kezure grab the tool and begin to hide it . beneath he cloak . a large gorilla's hand grab kezure 's arm . towering over the pirate king , the gorilla wave he finger at kezure . a warning . no steal . the nervous kezure nods . he place the garden tool back on the ground . meanwhile , indy and the other be lead to a elaborate palace . they ascend the several golden stair , toward the entrance . the palace door OPEN . a older man step outside . he be bohbala . the City 's ruler . a few palace guard stand beside he . bohbala raise he arm over the crowd . pygmy and gorilla drop to there knee . in revernce . tyki run to bohbala . they embrace . tear of joy fill they eye . bohbala wipe away he tear . he give a warm smile to Indiana and the other . he speak . softly . in a wise voice . scraggy translate for the other . scraggy he thank we ... for return he son . Indiana and the other smile . betsy whipser to indy . betsy if the little guy 's pushin ' 200 year ?... how old 's he Father ? indy motion for betsy to " shhh " . bohbala continue to speak . scraggy translate . scraggy his name " bohbala " . he be ruler of City , faithful servant of he Lord and master ... Sun Wu -kung. ( pause , smile ) he welcome we to stay . as long as we wish . Indiana exchange a hopeful glance with Clare . as bohbala continue to speak , camera pan to gutterbuhg . the Nazi have successfully untied he binding . free . while the other listen to bohbala , gutterbuhg remove one spare bullet from he mouth . he slyly insert the bullet into he mechanical arm . Indiana be too concerned with bohbala to notice gutterbuhg . indiana ( anxious , to scraggy ) ask he where we may find the burial place ... or the remain ...of Sun Wu - kung ... scraggy turn to ask bohbala . but he question be interrupted by gutterbuhg 's mechanical arm . it extend into frame ! its finger pointed at indiana ! everyone stare . shocked . but the bizarre sight greatly amuse bohbala . he begin to laugh . he reach out and push gutterbuhg 's finger away . but the machine gun goe off ! firing ! bohbala be hit ! in the chest . he fall . tyki kneel , cradling bohbala 's head in he arm . tyki call he Father 's name . it be futile . bohbala be dead . the crowd of villager stare . confuse . they be unaccustom to violence . Indiana clutch gutterbuhg by the throat . indiana bastard ... Indiana pull back he fist to punch the Nazi . but indy be stop by the palace guard . they move they sword to he throat . indy be suddenly puzzle . the villager fall to there knee . bowing to gutterbuhg . a distraught tyki hurriedly explain to scraggy , who translate for indy . scraggy it be write ... if ruler be defeat by great power ... he who possess that power ... ( point to gutterbuhg ) ... shall become ruler ! gutterbuhg 's eye fill with a sadistic thrill . he raise he mechanical arm . in a " Heil Hitler " pose . the entire City imitate the Nazi . raising they right arm . cheering . hailing they new leader . Indiana be horrified by the scene . tyki be upset . scream . he know that gutterbuhg be truly evil ! but none of the villager listen . Indiana look to he shocked friend . indiana this be turn into one helluva nightmare . gutterbubg ( hear , smile at indy ) one you will never awaken from , Doctor Jones . indy glare at gutterbuhg . Clare and betsy exchange a frightened glance . CUT to : int . palace - ruler's chamber a beautiful , expansive chamber , fill with tapestries and artwork . gutterbuhg sit in a elaborate golden throne . he have don a ghoulish new outfit . the robe of bohbala , the dead ruler . gutterbuhg be be attended upon by several villager , who bring he countless plate of food . he be surround by several women , who patiently wait for he order . gutterbuhg gobbles down the variety of food and wine . drooling . slobbering . scraggy kneel before the Nazi . gutterbuhg use Indiana 's whip as a leash . it be tied around scraggy 's neck and held by the Nazi . gutterbuhg pull the leash . hard . nearly strangling scraggy . his mouth filled with food , gutterbuhg scream at scraggy . gutterbuhg I want to see Jones ! scraggy translate for the guard . int . dungeon dark . musty . surrounded with moss cover stone wall . locate beneath the Palace . indy and the other be locked inside . everyone be silent . staring . waiting . Clare console a tearful , despondent tyki . the dungeon gate open . the two Guards enter . they drag Indiana out of the dungeon . betsy call out to indy . try to follow . but the guard slam the wooden door in betsy 's face . she peer through the small barred window . worried . upset . int . palace Indiana be LED into the ruler 's chamber . indy sees scraggy , tie to a leash . a angry , vengeful look cover indy 's face . he turn to gutterbuhg . the Nazi , still stuffing he face with food , pull tightly on scraggy 's leash . gutterbuhg you friend make a wonderful interpreter . indy 's eye burn . gutterbuhg gulp down a glass of wine . liquid spittle from the side of he mouth . he look at indy . gutterbuhg " the Nazi Party will exist for one thousand year ... and I wish to be alive for every year ! " ( pause ) that be a favorite philosophy of we feuher . indiana you feuher 's philosphy belong on a bathroom wall . gutterbuhg ( angry , slapping indy across the face ) this be a very serious matter , Doctor Jones . it could save you life . ( pause ) I understand that somewhere in this City ... there be a Garden of ... Immortal peaches ?... ( indy do not respond , gutterbuhg continue ) I want information about this Garden ... and I would greatly appreciate it , if you would share everything you know , with I . indiana I do not share anything with Nazis . gutterbuhg nods . he take another bite of food , shoot a glowering look to Indiana . gutterbuhg very well . my friend will be here soon . they will rest ... enjoy the pleasure of my newfound kingdom ... ( kiss a woman , and push she away ) then we shall exterminate this worthless people ! destroy they City ! and we will carry away all of its rich ... in piece . gutterbuhg go back to he food . scraggy exchange a worried glance with Indiana . CUT to : the nazi army travelling along the narrow mountain path . they be more than halfway up the mountain . lieut . mephisto ride in the front jeep . he look to he driver , who report to mephisto . driver ( german , English subtitles ) Sir ... we shall reach the mountain top in less than sixty minute . mephisto nods . anxious . CUT to : the lost CITY - coliseum a enormous stone arena . locate in the CENTER of the City . it resemble the roman coliseum in size and structure . the coliseum 's top wall be surrounded by countless , large metal bell . the bell be ringing . they be the same bell we hear earlier ... but they now sound eerie ... threatening . the many seat be filled with member of the village . all gathere for a special event . gutterbuhg sit in the elaborate ruler's BOX . it be cover with a protective , golden grating . the box be locate directly above the earthen playing field . indy 's whip be still tie around scraggy 's neck , who kneel at gutterbuhg 's feet . two guard lead a shirtless indiana jone onto the play field . they bring indy to a steel cage , locate directly below gutterbuhg 's box . Inside of the cage , be two enormous BUFFALO . angry . restless . betsy , Clare , tyki , kezure , the remain Pirates and Crew member , all helplessly watch from inside of a large metal cage . the cage be suspended in the air ... dangling over a deep pit . it be fill with countless maneating tiger . indy be LED into the cage . between the two buffalo . the guard grab hold of Indiana . they tie one of he arm , and one of he leg , to each sidw of the buffalo . prepare to draw and quarter Indiana . a delighted gutterbuhg peer down at Indiana . gutterbuhg Doctor Jones ... that beast be anxious to run wild . free. ( vicious smile ) how long will you be able to ride ... before they tear you in two ? indy look at scraggy , who be very frightened . gutterbuhg Goodbye , Doctor Jones . gutterbuhg turn to the guard . ready to give they the order ...to OPEN the cage and set the BUFFALO free ! indy suddenly scream . indiana Heil Hitler ! upon hearing the word , gutterbuhg stand . like a robot . he raise he mechanical arm in a " Heil Hitler " pose . gutterbuhg Heil Hitler ! the finger of gutterbuhg 's mechanical arm get caught in the metal grating above he head ! gutterbuhg tries to remove he finger . no good . stuck . gutterbuhg pull . hard . his mechanical arm be ripped from its socket ! it dangle from the grate . the crowd watch . puzzle . shocked . scraggy thinks fast . he leap to he foot and grab the arm . he tear it out of the grate . scraggy hold the arm above he head . now it be he who possess the power ! the crowd cheer scraggy ! they new ruler ! gutterbuhg step back . suddenly frightened . scraggy order the guard to free Indiana . the guard hurriedly untie indy from the buffalo . gutterbuhg turn . running out of the coliseum . scraggy scream to the people , motion for they to follow gutterbuhg . several people leap from they seat . chasing the Nazi . ext . coliseum gutterbuhg dash out ! a crowd of villager follow he . in hot pursuit . gutterbuhg run toward the city gate . he run through . escaping the City . the crowd pause . stopping . they will go no further . they scream and shout at the depart gutterbuhg , who disappear into the mountain . int . coliseum Indiana rejoins he friend on the play field . they have be freed from the cage . scraggy give the whip to indy . indy be impatient . worried . he look at everyone . indiana Nazis will be be here soon . we gotta move fast . scraggy give gutterbuhg 's mecahnical arm to tyki . the pygmy nods . he understand . tyki raise the arm toward the people . they cheer tyki , they rightful ruler . tyki , pull back and throws the mechanical arm . high into the AIR ! it soar several foot ! flying over the coliseum wall . ext . CITY the arm fly through the air ... it land into the moat ! the arm be attacked by a horde of hungry shark . they tear it to piece . CUT to : ext . mountain path the Nazis have arrive at the section of path that be blocked by the avalanche . they other vehicle and troops have pull back . a few hundre feet from the avalanche . several stick of dynamite have be place beneath the avalanche . the t.n.t. be connect to a long fuse , that extend along the path . lieut . mephisto stand at the fuse 's end . he strike a match . prepare to light the fuse . the match flare be inches from the fuse ... mephisto be interrupted by a familiar voice . it be gutterbuhg . mephisto blows out the match . a soaking wet sgt. gutterbuhg slide down the edge of the ravine . he still wear the colorful , elaborate robe of bohbala . mephisto be puzzle by gutterbuhg 's bizarre appearance . gutterbuhg stop in front of mephisto . gutterbuhg attempt a " Heil , Hitler " ... but suddenly realize that he mechanical arm be gone . gutterbuhg drip water all over mephisto , who be disgust by the appearance of he officer . he slap gutterbuhg . mephisto ( german ; English subtitles ) idiot !... why be you dress like that !... where be you uniform ?... before he can answer , gutterbuhg be shove away by the disgust mephisto , who attempt to light the fuse . but he match be useless . soak with water . furious , mephisto slap gutterbuhg , order he to fetch something . the snivelling gutterbuhg nod and bow , scurry away . he run into the rear of a canvas truck . int . truck fill with several crate of dynamite and supplies . gutterbuhg dash inside . toward a silver , metallic briefcase that rest in the rear of the truck . gutterbuhg 's greasy finger OPEN the briefcase . Inside , encase in black velvet , be two rectangular compartment . one of the compartment be empty . the other house another mechanical arm . gutterbuhg quickly attaches the arm to the stub of he shoulder and run back outside . ext . mountain path gutterbuhg rejoins mephisto and extend he new mechanical arm toward the fuse . gutterbuhg point he finger . he squeezy a lever , locate on the palm of the mechanical arm . a bright , jagged line of electrical current shoot from the arm 's finger ! the electricity light the fuse . it burn . move toward the dynamite . gutterbuhg and mephisto hide behind a rock . there be a loud explosion . rock and debris fly through the AIR . the path be cleare . int . CITY the SOUND of the explosion echoe through the City . shaking the city wall . the Nazis be close . Indiana stand in the city square . he have assembled everyone for the battle . tyki and the pygmy be armed with bow and arrow , spear and blow pipe . kezure and the Pirates hold they sword . scraggy 's man carry revolver and dagger . Clare and betsy stand with several gorilla . tyki whisper to scraggy , who translate for Indiana . scraggy they want you to give speech . indiana what ?!?... scraggy before battle ... General always give speech to inspire troops . indiana General ?... who the hell do they think I be ... custer ?... but all eye be on Indiana . depending on he . indy sigh . try to think of something to say . he mumble to scraggy . indiana geez ... the only speech I remember be from college ... when I play ball ... scraggy shrug . indy clear he throat . he look at everyone . fumbling . indiana men...and , ah ...women ... i...ah ... we be about to face one of we toughest opponent ... they have get size ... hardware ... and well , quite frankly ... we be the underdog ... indy 's eye light . a moment of inspiration . the background music slowly begins to rise . indy 's voice become louder . tougher . indiana but ... well , if it be not for the little guy ... where would this country be ?... ( excited , louder ) I mean ... I know this little guy once ...a scrawny runt , with thick black glass and about 300 different kind of allergy ... but this little kid have a dream ... he want to be on the football team . ( Music rise , so do indy 's voice ) well , all the big guy make he life miserable ... always shove he head in the drink fountain ... put mustard in he pants ... throw I ...'er , he !... throw he in the shower with all he clothes on ... ( louder , heartfelt ) but that little guy do not quit . be work hard . never give up . and in two year ... he be the quarterback . Star of the team . and you know why ?... ( Music soar , as do indy 's voice ) ' Cause that little kid have something ' that that big guy never hear of ... he have heart ! and nothin ' can stop that ! nothin ' ! ( we hear the Nazis approach , indy scream ) now let 's go out there and show them just how tough the little guy be ! everyone break into a loud cheer . ready to fight . the sound track music soar . Indiana raise he sword . he turn and run toward the drawbridge . the people follow , as indy lead they into battle ! ext . CITY Indiana , armed with a shield , sword and pistol , lead he troops forward . the Nazis be approaching . lieut . mephisto ride in the front jeep , which be mount with a large recoilist machine gun . the entire Nazi army be behind he . mephisto 's jeep begin to cross the drawbridge . move toward Indiana and the other . the recoilist machine gunner open FIRE on indy and the troops . bullet bounce from indy 's shield . several of the pygmy be hit . falling to the drawbridge . a angry pygmy throws he spear . it hit the machine gunner . through the heart . the jeep continue to drive forward . head straight for Indiana , who leap onto the jeep 's hood . indy 's troops split into group . dash around the speed jeep to battle the oncoming Nazis . Indiana crawl along the jeep hood . toward the Nazis . mephisto attempt to shoot indy . the bullet zip through the windshield . whizzing by indy 's head . Indiana grab mephisto . he pull the Nazi over the windshield . Indiana and mephisto tumble along the jeep 's hood . fighting . struggling for the gun . the jeep directly behind mephisto be fill with several crate of dynamite . gutterbuhg , back in uniform , ride here with three nazi soldier . as the pygmy troops come forward , gutterbuhg extend he mechanical arm . he zap several of the pygmy . killing they with deadly jolt of electricity . as the jeep pass through the City gate , Indiana and mephisto continue to battle along the hood . int . CITY mephisto attempt to shoot Indiana . but indy push away the Nazi 's arm . the gun fire . hitting the jeep driver , who slump over the wheel . the speed jeep spin out of control . it flip . send Indiana and mephisto flying through the air . they tumble to the ground . the jeep crash into a wall . a shaken Indiana get to he foot . mephisto lie a few foot away . out cold . suddenly , a blast of electricity burst into frame ! sparking the ground beside Indiana . indy turn and see gutterbubg ! the Nazi 's jeep have entered the city . gutterbuhg point he mechanical arm toward indy . another electrical SHOCK eject from he finger . indy dive . the shock tear a smoldering hole through the building behind he . only inches above indy . meanwhile , the Nazis begin to unload the dynamite from gutterbubg 's jeep . they unwrap a long , section of fuse from a large coil . place the fuse along the ground . Indiana be running for he life . gutterbuhg be directly behind he . in hot pursuit . the Nazi continuously fire electrical shot at Indiana . the thin line of electricity whiz by indy 's head . his arm . his legs . just missing indy . a cat and mouse chase begins , as gutterbuhg pursue Indiana throughout the city . CUT to : tyki and several pygmies they have climbed to the top of the City wall . from here , they guard and defend they city . crowd of nazi troops be on foot . running toward the city wall . the pygmy shower the Nazis with arrow , spear and poisinous dart . the Nazis fight back with machine gun and rifle . a heat , bloody battle . CUT to : scraggy and the crew member they stand at the CITY gate . protecting the City entrance . they hurriedly load a large , wooden catapult with a huge ball of hay . a crew member torch the hay . it burst into flame . scraggy cry " Fire ! " his man launch the fireball . it sail over the City wall . the fireball land directly onto a speed nazi jeep . the Nazis and jeep catch FIRE ! the vehicle lose control . the flame jeep crash into the side of a mountain wall . CUT to : a nazi tank roll toward the city . its gun barrel aim at the city wall . camera pan away , several feet ahead of the tank . camera move upward , to the mountain top , above the path . clare be here . a group of gorillas be beside she . the ape each have a tight hold of individual section of hanging vine . they stand at the edge of the ravine . Clare look to the opposite ravine . betsy be here . she stand with another group of gorillas , who also securely bold length of vine . on the mountain path , the Nazi tank pass directly beneath betsy and Clare . the two woman turn to the gorilla . emitting gorilla grunt , moan and motion , betsy and Clare communicate with the ape . the gorilla listen . nodding . understanding . when the tank be directly below ... betsy and Clare order the gorilla to jump ! the ape swing from the mountain . riding the vine . toward the tank . the gorilla land on the tank . they climb aboard . exploring the tank 's surface . int . tank filled with Nazis . the gunner look into the periscope . he be meet with the reflection of a snarling gorilla's face . he scream and jump back . there be a sound of ripping metal . suddenly , the tank 's top hatch be torn OPEN . countless gorillas pour inside ! the ape attack . overpowering the Nazis . ext . tank as the gorilla climb inside of the tank , betsy swing across the passageway to Clare . she exchange a congratulatory handshake with Clare . betsy 's face suddenly go white . a shocking sight . a group of nazis have climb to the mountain top . the soldier spot Clare and betsy . they run toward the woman . betsy and Clare dash off . into the thick of the jungle . the Nazis follow . in hot pursuit . CUT to : two large canvas truck barrelling along the mountain path . kezure , the pirate King , leap from the side of the path , between the two truck . kezure climb onto the rear bumper of the first truck . the driver of the second truck spot kezure . he begin to FIRE shot at the pirate King . as bullet whiz by he , kezure hurriedly remove a thick metal chain from around he neck . he securely connect the two truck bumper with the chain . int . second truck fill with nazi troops . seated . armed . wait to fight . there be a sudden ripping SOUND . follow by another . and another . the nazis be startled to see the blade of countless sword . piercing the canvas . through all side of the truck . several pirate leap through the canvas . attacking the Nazis . the Nazis fight back with bayonet and dagger . int . first truck - cabin two Pirates burst into the cabin . they stab the Nazi driver . the cackling Pirates take control of the steering wheel . they madly steer the truck toward the steep edge of the mountain path . the first truck plummet over the eage . the second truck , attached by the metal chain , follows the first truck . the two canvas truck fall into the moat ! splashing into the shark infestea water ! CUT to : int . CITY the Nazis have plant a enormous pile of dynamite on the palace stair . enough to destroy the entire city . the t.n.t. be attach to a long fuse , that stretch hundred of foot , over various section of the city . the Nazis light the fuse end . it SPARKS . ignite . burning fast . the Nazis turn and run . gutterbuhg continue to chase Indiana . blast of electricity shoot from the Nazi 's arm . indy duck ... dodge ... avoiding the electrical jolt . indy spin around a building corner . he spot the burning fuse . it stretch along the ground , move up over a wooden fence . indy dive and stomp out the fuse . but gutterbuhg , who be directly behind indy , relight the fuse with a shot of electricity . before indy have a chance to stop the fuse ... gutterbuhg aim at indy . indy leap over the fence . gutterbuhg shoot . the fence be splintered by the powerful electrical blast . Indiana run into a small alleyway . the burn fuse stretch up along the alley wall , move to the rooftop . indy begin to climb the ancient golden brick that protrude from the wall . toward the roof . gutterbuhg appear . he shoot at Indiana , who avoid the blast by leaping onto the roof . gutterbuhg hurriedly begin to climb the wall . following Indiana . ext . rooftop gutterbuhg arrive at the top . he look around . there be no sign of indy . but the fuse rest at the roof 's edge . unlit . gutterbuhg restart the fuse . at that moment , Indiana leap out from inside of the stone smokestack . he jump the unsuspecting gutterbuhg . they tumble and fall off the rooftop edge . Indiana and gutterbuhg hit the ground . they continue to struggle ... fight ... as the fuse burn in front of they . it speed toward the pile of dynamite . less than fifty feet ahead . still wrestle with gutterbuhg , indy roll toward the fuse . indy reach out and stop the fuse with he hand . but gutterbuhg move fast . again , the Nazi relight the fuse . indy suddenly leap to he foot . he run off screen . gutterbuhg follows . the fuse continue to burn . move closer ... closer ...to the dynamite . Indiana run to a cluster of tree . he come to a abrupt stop , between two tree . gutterbuhg be upon he . the Nazi pause . only a few feet from indy . gutterbuhg point he arm at indy . a clear shot . gutterbuhg smile . Indiana be trapped . the fuse be now only a few feet from the dynamite . it will blow at any second ! gutterbuhg shoot . move like lightning , indy leap out of the way , revealing a large lake behind he . it 's too late for gutterbubg . the electrical current hit the water . the Nazi 's body surge with electricity . gutterbuhg fry . he shiver . shake . frozen , as the powerful electrical current flow through he vein . smoke billow from he body . his mechanical arm suddenly explode . gutterbuhg 's char body fall . face down . electrocuted . Indiana leap to he feet . suddenly remember ... the fuse ! it be now inches from the t.n.t . indy can not get to it in time . he grab he whip . his arm snap forward . the whip crack . it slice the remain fuse in two . the fuse fizzle and goe out . the city be save . indy sigh . there be a gunshot ! a bullet whizze by indy 's head . he turn . mephisto , bruise and bloody from the jeep accident , stand several feet away . mephisto 's luger be aim at indy . prepare to take another shot . indy remove he revolver . he fire at mephisto . the Nazi dash into the coliseum . Indiana follows . CUT to : tyki battling the oncoming Nazis with he sword . tyki fight hard . fast . he manage to defeat many Nazis . but the sword be suddenly knocked from tyki 's hand . a troop of nazis come toward he . they eye murderous . tyki be trapped . helpless . int . CITY scraggy and he crew member load another fireball onto the catapult . scraggy cry " FIRE ! " the fireball fly over the city wall . it land directly in front of the Nazi troops who be about to attack tyki . many of the soldier catch FIRE . the other run from the flame . tyki be unhurt . he rejoins he friend in the battle . CUT to : clare and betsy breathless ... frightened ... they continue to run through the jungle . the Nazis be a few foot behind they . move fast . get closer . the woman turn a corner , scramble through a section of bush and find themselves face to face with ... another troop of nazis . Clare and betsy stop . trapped . surrounded by Nazis . the soldier move toward the woman . the Nazis eye be lecherous . hungry . Clare whisper to a trembling betsy . clare do exactly what I do . betsy nods . the Nazis move closer . Clare look to the sky . she begin to make bizarre ... high pitched ... noise . a confuse betsy make the same noise . the Nazis look at each other and chuckle . the woman continue to make the sound . suddenly , the exact sound seem to echo from the sky . it become louder ... louder ... but it belong to a hundre voice . the Nazis pause . look upward . puzzle . there be a splatter of bird . they attack from above . the bird ' screeching be identical to Clare and betsy 's call . the angry bird attack the nazis . pecking . scratching . biting . Clare and betsy continue to make the sound , which cause the bird to ignore they . the Nazis scream . dropping they weapon . falling to they knee . each soldier be cover with bird . they be be torn to shred . Clare and betsy turn and run . escaping into the jungle . the Nazis ' scream echoes behind they . as they run , Clare explain to betsy . clare I make the sound of a baby swandola bird , cry for help ... the mother bird immediately reply to the cry ... angrily protect they child , and murdering the baby 's attacker . CUT to : the two canvas truck they crookedly float along the shark infest moat water . the batter , bruise truck now resemble two sink pirate ship . kezure and the Pirates battle the Nazis along the truck frame . the pirate fight in they element ... water ! with fast swinging sword , the Pirates be defeat the Nazis . several Nazis fall into the water and be immediately attacked by countless shark . at one point , kezure fall into the water . several shark come for he . the pirate King disappear beneath the water surface . a few of he man pause . worried . afraid . suddenly , kezure leap out of the water . he hold a live shark in he hand . the craze kezure take a bite from the shark . he toss the fish back into the water . kezure chews ana swallows the raw shark meat . blood spill down he chin . kezure resume he fighting with the Nazis , as the two truck frame continue to sink . CUT to : int . tank several Nazis be sprawled on the tank floor . unconscious . undressed . camera pan upward . the gorilla have taken control of the tank . they have dressed themselves in nazi uniform ! ext . tank as the battle rage around they , the gorilla 's tank make a sudden u-turn . it head straight for the second nazi tank . int . second tank the Nazis stare through they periscope . puzzle by the sight of they own tank coming toward they . ext . tank the gorilla 's tank fire a direct shot at the other Nazi tank . blam ! the Nazis ' tank be blown to smithereen . int . gorilla tank the gorilla break into a victorious cheer . jumping . scream . CUT to : int . coliseum Indiana walk across the coliseum floor . revolver in hand . he move slowly . cautiously . he be look for a sign of mephisto . but everything be silent . calm . deserted . mephisto sneak along the top wall of the coliseum . hiding behind the row of surround bell . the Nazi unlatches the chain that hold all of the bell in place . the bell begin to fall . thundering down the coliseum stair . indy cover he ear . the sound of countless clanging bell be nearly deafen . he turn . see the enormous bell rolling toward he ! Indiana begin to run . giant rolling bell chase he from all direction ! indy twist ... turn ... leap ... in a effort to avoid be crushed by the heavy bell . mephisto watch from above . smiling . indy continue to run . a giant rolling bell chase he from behind . the bell gain speed . get closer . closer . a few foot in front of indy ... be the deadly TIGER pit . but indy can't stop running , or he will be crushed by the bell . Indiana leap into the pit ! the bell roll directly over the pit . but Indiana be safe . there be a five inch drop from the ground , to the pit 's overhead metal bar . indy lie on the bar . safely above the countless tiger . the bell have all come to a stop . they lie around the coliseum ground . still . only one bell gently rock . it slowly teeters on the coliseum stair . it hasn 't yet roll off . Indiana begin to climb out out of the pit , when suddenly ... another gunshot ring out . indy be hit . in the chest . he slip . fall . bis wounded body be sprawled on the bar . teeter . ready to fall into the wait tiger . mephisto 's luger be smoking . the Nazi walk down the coliseum stair . he move toward Indiana . see mephisto head for he ... Indiana remove he gun . he aim at the Nazi . but indy 's vision be blurred . his hand trembles . mephisto 's silhouette near ... but the bullet zip past mephisto and strike a section of wood below the teeter bell . this cause the bell to fall ... and slowly roll forward . mephisto arrive at the edge of the Tiger pit . he be about to shoot indy ... then come upon another idea . mephisto lower the luger . he give a swift kick to indy 's rib . Indiana fall through the bar . his arm shoot out . with he last bit of strength , indy 's hand grab hold of a bar . clutching on for dear life . his body dangle over the tiger . they SNAP at he leg . hungry . growling . mephisto smile . he step on indy 's finger . grinding they beneath he boot heel . indy cry out ... he 's go to fall ... mephisto pause . he hear something behind he . a clanging bell . get closer . louder . mephisto turn . he see the giant bell . coming at he . only inches away . there be no time to move . the bell roll over mephisto . knocking he into the pit . mephisto fall through the bar . inside the pit . into the middle of the hungry tiger . mephisto scream . the tiger be upon he . the Nazi be ripped to shred . within second , he scream be a memory . a very weak Indiana still clutches the bar . he manage to boost himself out of the pit . he take a few step . wobbling . blood pour from the wound in he chest . he stumble . to he knee . his eye roll back . he fall to the ground . his body be still . motionless . CUT to : int . tank the gorilla , still dress as nazis , continue to drive the tank forward . ext . tank the tank speed toward the rows of charging nazi troops . the Nazis stop . shocked to see they own tank come at they . but the tank continue to barrel ahead . many of the Nazis be crushed beneath the heavy tank tread . other drop they weapon and run . frightened . int . tank the gorilla be ecstatic . howling . cheering . CUT to : kezure and the pirate they have defeated all of the Nazis . one of the canvas truck have completely sunk . only a small section of the other truck jut out of the water . the Pirates cling to the fleeting safety of the sink truck frame , which be surround by several hungry shark . there be even too many maneater for the powerful kezure to handle . as the frame continue to sink ... the Pirates ' foot get closer ... closer ...to the snap shark ... suddenly , a rope drop from overhead ! kezure look up . scraggy and he crew member stand on the drawbridge . they have dropped the line . kezure and the Pirates climb upward . to safety . on the drawbridge , scraggy assist kezure . scraggy smile , repeat kezure 's earlier threat . scraggy you owe I , old man . kezure laugh . he embrace scraggy . they be join by tyki and the other pygmies . a sudden calm ... a sudden silence ... overcome the city . the battle have ended . the Nazis have be defeated . the city be save . but tyki be solemn . distressed . he stare off screen . camera pan to he p.o.v . we see the countless body of pygmies . sprawled on the ground . dead . the price you pay for freedom . suddenly , the silence be interrupted . someone be crying . it be betsy . scraggy look off screen , to the direction of the sound . the color leave he face . scraggy' p.o.v . a group of pygmy carry the limp body of Indiana Jones out of the coliseum . they gently lower indy 's body to the ground . Clare and betsy kneel beside indy . tear run down betsy 's face . scraggy suddenly break away from the crowd . camera dolly with he as he run toward indy . scraggy stop at indy 's body . Clare , eye filled with tear nods to scraggy . she can barely utter the word ... clare he 's ...dead ... tear erupt in scraggy 's eye . he break down crying . a startle kezure join the other . camera pull back to a extremely long shot . the entire village gather around Indiana 's body . everyone be solemn . silent . a slow dissolve : close -up : indiana's body . it be lying in state . resting on a bamboo stretcher . it be cover with exotic , colorful flowers . camera pull back . indy be be carry by several , elaborately dress pygmies . at the head of a long funeral procession . betsy , Clare , scraggy and kezure MARCH beside indy 's body . they also wear the ceremonial funeral flowers . behind they , the body of bohbala be be carry . and behind the ruler , the body of all dead pygmies be be carry by the remain villager and gorillas . it be nightime . all mourner be carry flickering candle . at the rear of the procession , a lone pygmy strum a unusual string instrument . this create a haunting melody . camera pull back to a long shot , as we see the procession move through the city . the hundred of flicker candle against the dark night sky create a beautiful image . the procession arrive at a large stone wall . it appear to be a dead end . tyki walk to the wall . he fall to he knee and begin to chant . Clare , betsy , scraggy and kezure watch . there be a SMALL rumble . a hairline crack begin to form in the mountain . as if it be be drawn by a invisible hand , the crack form a large door in the wall . the door slowly open . a almost blinding whlte light emanate from inside . tyki enter . the procession follows . int . wall the procession ascend a twisting stone staircase , that spiral upward , where the light become brighter ... brighter ... at the stairway top , there be another doorway . tyki and the other enter . Indiana 's body be carried through . the garden of immortal peach ! a breathtakingly beautiful forest of never end luscious green tree , fill with succulent , ripe peach . we have never see color like this . so magical ... so intense ... Bright sunlight shine from a vivid blue sky . there be always a rainbow here . the procession enter . scraggy , Clare , betsy and kezure stare in total wonderment . betsy be puzzle by the bright sunlight . betsy but ... it 's ... it 's the middle of the night ... tyki whisper to scraggy , who explain to betsy . scraggy Sun always shine in the Garden of Immortal peaches . Clare nods . kezure be mesmerize by the peach tree . his mouth hang OPEN . he turn to scraggy . kezure this be the peach that make one ... forever young ?... scraggy nods . tyki lead the procession to a clear in the garden . many freshly dig grave be here . all of the body be carry to separate grave , include Indiana and bohbala . a few foot ahead of the grave , rest the largest peach tree in the forest . it be much wider and taller than the other . there be a small , glass encase tomb build into the tree . Inside of the tomb , be a tiny skeleton . no more than four feet tall . the skeleton be adorn with a lion skinned robe and golden crown . in its hand , the skeleton clutches the famous golden hooped rod , a glorious , elaborate staff . a ancient inscription be etched in stone over the tomb . point to the inscription , Clare turn to scraggy . clare what do it say ?... scraggy ( translate ) " we Lord ... we master ... Sun ... Wu ... kung " the SOUND track music rise . it be the tomb of the stone monkey king . Clare exchange a awe inspire glance with betsy , then look to the still body of Indiana . clare damn you , Jones ! why could not you be here to share this with I ! the pygmy begin to lower the dead body , include Indiana and bohbala , into the ground . tyki read from ancient scripture . scraggy sob on the shoulder of kezure , who continue to stare in astonishment at the peach tree . suddenly , there be a rumbling SOUND . follow by a slight , tremor . the tree begin to sway , as a howling wind rush through they . the tomb of Sun Wu kung glow with a bright light . the glass surround the tomb suddenly shatter . the skeleton 's head turn . its body rattle . beginning to move . the skeleton step out of the tomb . everyone stare in awe . terrified . the skeleton take a few step forward , stop , and raise its arm . high in the air . the skeleton open its mouth . emitting a high pitched ... unearthly ... screech ! a ectoplasmic GREEN smoke seep from the skeleton 's finger , slowly traveling over the head of the human . the ectoplasm separate into several individual line , that touch down upon each of the gorillas . the ectoplasm encircles each the gorilla 's body . the gorilla begin to rise from the ground . high in the air . the ectoplasm appear to be carrying they toward Sun Wu kung . as the gorilla TRAVEL through the air , they body begin to shrink . grow smaller . thinner . the human stare into the sky . watch the amazing , magical transformation . as the gorilla get closer to Sun Wu kung , they body have shrunken to tiny , hair - like substance . when the gorilla arrive at the skeleton , they attach themselves to he body . we see that the shrunken gorilla be actually individual hair on the skeleton 's body . as the countless hair converge , the skeleton begin to take shape ... form ... SUN wu kung come to life ! he be unlike anyone or anything we have ever see . half -human . half -honkey . his face be cover with wrinkle . his wide eye be coal black . probing . warm . when he smile , it be devilish , but incredibly charming . his movement be perky . quick . a extremely adorable little fellow . instantly lovable . but there be a strong , powerful presense about he . he be indeed , a heavenly figure . Sun Wu kung look over the congregation . everyone fall to they knee . Clare , betsy , scraggy and a reluctant kezure do the same . Sun Wu kung pace through the clear . he look into the many grave . he be distressed . troubled . his wrinkle face twist into furious expression . he raise he golden hoope rod to the sky . he scream . his old voice creak and groans . SUN wu kung we can not bury this man !... this be a garden of life ... not of death !... betsy whisper to Clare . betsy why 's he speakin ' in English ? clare he be a heavenly be . accord to legend , when a heavenly be speak , man of all country can understand he . we hear he in English ... the pygmy hear he in they language . betsy nods . Sun Wu kung continue he heartfelt scream into the heaven . SUN wu kung return they soul !... I demand it !... return they soul ! a few moment pass . then ... a thick , white cloud eclipse the sun . a small hole in the cloud , allow one ray of sunlight to shine through . the ray shine down upon one particular peach tree . Sun Wu kung turn to that peach tree . he raise the golden hooped rod toward the tree . he begin to sing a unusual hymn . suddenly , several peach magically fly from the tree . they congregate above the golden hoope rod . the peach spin in midair . with quick movement of the rod , Sun Wu kung send several peach fly off screen . camera follows the magical peach as they separate and fly into each grave . toward the body of the dead pygmies . each body be hit with a individual peach . when the peach make contact with the dead body , there be a small , colorful explosion . a small firework display . the body erupt with a bright golden glow . a few moment pass . one of the body stir . move . the body sit up . get to its feet . another body do the same . so do another . and another . soon , the various pygmy climb out of the grave . they wound have disappeared . they life have be restore . Sun Wu kung fling the remain two peach into the grave of Indiana and bohbala . there be a small explosion ... follow by the warm glow of they body . the wound in indy 's chest vanish . his eye pop OPEN . to the delight of he friend , indy stand . alive . he be puzzll by the surround grave . Clare , scraggy and betsy help Indiana out of the grave . they shower he with embrace and kiss . but indy remain confuse . puzzle . indiana what the hell 's goin ' on ? Sun Wu kung , look very pleased with himself , stand behind Indiana . Clare smile at indy . clare I think there be someone you should meet ... Clare point to behind indy , who turn and see the smile SUN wu kung . indy be at first shocked ... his face break into a childlike smile ... fill with delight . he then manage to utter ... indiana you ... you be ... Sun Wu kung ?... Sun Wu kung step forward . he nod and answer . SUN wu kung you be ... Indiana Jones ?... indiana ( take aback ) huh ?... you know I ? SUN wu kung ( nod ) I have watch you for many , many year ... from the heaven . I be fascinate by you bravery ... you passion ... in search for I . indiana well , I ... thanks I be very honore . SUN wu kung the honor be mine , Doctor Jones . you and you friend have save my city from ruin . ( a pause ) I would like to return the favor . Sun Wu kung give Indiana the golden hooped rod . Indiana take the priceless artifact . he stare at the beautiful rod . he be very move . speechless . Sun Wu kung explain . raise a eyebrow . SUN wu kung the Golden hooped Rod will be a faithful friend . it be capable of one hundred transformation ... and will always remain by you side . indy manage a nod . Sun Wu kung sigh . SUN wu kung I will explore the heaven for another . surely , my search will be short and less hazardous than yours ! Indiana smile . meanwhile , kezure use the oppurtunity to sneak away . he disappear into a cluster of peach tree . he climb the smallest tree . the greedy pirate King begin to pick several peach . hiding they in he pocket . Sun Wu kung look over the healthy , restore community of pygmy . the monkey King smile . SUN wu kung with my city alive again ... I will be able to return to the heaven . ( warm smile to indy and the other ) Goodbye ... my dear friend . Sun Wu kung again raise he arm . Green ecotplasm again emanate from he finger . the individual strand of hair fly from he body . in a reversal of what we see only moment ago , the strand of hair fly through the air . they grow larger ... larger ... until they resume the shape of the gorillas . Sun Wu kung have return to he skeletal form . he turn and walk back to he rest place . the piece of break glass re- assemble . sealing the tomb . kezure , he pocket stuffed with peach , hurriedly rejoins the other . tyki embrace bohbala , glad to have he Father alive . bohbala , resume he position as ruler , lead he people out of the garden . Indiana , clutching he golden hoope prize , exit with the other . CUT to : ext . CITY gate - the following morning Indiana , Clare , betsy , scraggy , kezure , the Pirates and Crew member , have gathere outside of the city wall for the journey home . they be say " Goodbye " to tyki , bohbala and the other pygmies . Clare and tyki exchange a tearful farewell , communicate in hand signal . they share a final embrace . bohbala again thanks Indiana for he help . betsy say " Goodbye " to the many gorillas . betsy communicate in gorilla hand motion and growl . Indiana , hold the Golden hooped Rod , turn and move across the drawbridge . the other follow . the entire city of pygmy and gorilla cheer for they depart friend . indy and the other disappear into the cloud , walk down the mountain path . the lose city glisten in the background . the drawbridge close ... until the next visitor arrive . dissolve t0 : ext . mountain path - a few hour later early afternoon . the sun be hot . scorching . indy and he party rest . they nap in a shady section of the path . camera pan the snoozing body of everyone , come to a stop at Indiana . the Golden hooped Rod rest beside indy . a hand come into frame and grab the staff . other hand move into frame . they steal indy 's whip and revolver . they take all weapon from scraggy and he crew member . Indiana be awaken by a sword . at he throat . indy reach for he gun and whip ... gone . he look up . kezure stand over he , hold the sword in one hand , the golden rod in another . indy turn . the other Pirates hold sword and dagger at the throat of Clare , betsy , scraggy and the crew member . kezure twirl the golden hoope rod in front of he . he smile at Indiana . kezure she be a wonderful treasure ... eh ?... indiana we have a deal . kezure ( move sword closer to indy 's throat ) I have no deal with dead man . indiana Son of a bitch . kezure laugh . he have removed a peach from he pocket . he shine the peach on he cloak , and give a shrug to Indiana . kezure ( shrug , laugh ) I be a old pirate , Doctor Jones . do you suddenly expect I to treat you with kindness and fairness ?... it be not my way of life ! indy be disgust . kezure take a large bite from the peach . as he chew and swallow , kezure nods to he man , motion toward indy and the other . kezure kill they ... ( take another bite of the peach ) but save they hair . I will make a coat out of it . the man move to kill scraggy , betsy , Clare and the crew member . suddenly , kezure emit a loud scream . he grab he stomach in pain . he fall to he knee . the half eaten peach roll from he hand . onto the ground . indy and Clare rush toward kezure . something very strange be happen to the pirate King ... his hair begin to fall out . his tooth rot . his skin shrivels . his body become thinner . spindly . kezure have begin to rapidly age . he continue to scream . in horrible pain . the Pirates step away . frightened . the other watch in horror . kezure 's body contort . his skin wither ... flake ... it begin to peel from he bone . his scream fade ... his eyeball roll out of they socket . only he skeleton remains . it turn black and crumble to dust . only he elaborate clothing remains . the many steal peach roll out of he cloak , onto the ground . the remain Pirates drop there weapon . they run off down the mountain . scare to death ! Indiana hold the half eat peach in he hand . betsy be puzzle . betsy I think the peach promise immortality ... eternal youth ?... indiana the garden of immortal peach promise life only to that who be pure in heart . ( pause ) kezure be evil . his heart be fill with greed . Indiana drop the peach to the ground . he grab he whip , revolver and golden hooped rod . scraggy and he crew member retrieve they weapon . everyone turn , continuing down the mountain path . leaving kezure 's clothes and the several peach behind . CUT to : ext . mozambique - dock - a few day later passenger board a large ocean liner , bound for the United States . indiana jone be here . bag packed . he hold a rectangular wooden crate , cover with the word " fragile " . the Golden hooped Rod be obviously store inside . indy be waiting for someone . he impatiently check he wristwach . looking around . he grumble to himself . indiana where 's betsy ?... the boat leave in five minute ... suddenly , a horn interrupt . indy turn to the direction of the SOUND . it be scraggy . he be wear drive goggle . he ride a batter , bruise motorcycle , attach to a ricketty sidecar . the word " taxi " be paint on the sidecar 's exterior . scraggy pull up beside Indiana . scraggy jump off the motorcycle . excitedly , he run toward indy . scraggy oh , indy ! indy ! I want to give you something for you journey ! scraggy fumble through he pocket . he remove a small bottle of purple liquid . he hold it out to indy . scraggy take one drink before bed . it keep out all bad spirit . indy decline . he flash a flask of whiskey from inside of he coat pocket . indiana thanks , scraggy ... but this will keep out all the bad spirit . scraggy shrug . they be suddenly interrupted . betsy ( o.s. ) indy !... Indiana turn . betsy and clare walk toward he . indy look at betsy . puzzle . indiana where be you bag ? betsy I be not leave . indiana huh ?... but , you ... you have to finish school . betsy I be stay on as Clare 's assistant . indy shoot a jealous glance to Clare , then back to betsy . indiana but you be my assistant . betsy not any more . I be have my credit transfer . indiana why ?... betsy Clare be a brilliant teacher . indiana ( jealous ) so be i. clare yes , but I do not offer a course in seduction . indiana you stay out of this . betsy indy ... I think you want I out of you life ... indiana that be before I realize how gift ... how talented you be ... I mean ... I could really use you ... clare especially aboard ship for three week . it get terribly lonely . indiana I warn you ... betsy indy , I have learn a lot from you . but it 's time I start concentrate on a career in anthropology ... instead of romance . indiana ( sigh , to betsy ) you have certainly develop a mature attitude . betsy ( hug he ) thanks to you . ( pause , look into indy 's eye ) you know ... I always think of you as my knight in shine armor ... indiana ( flatter ) really ? betsy but now , I will think of you as the Father I never have . indiana ( roll he eye ) terrific . Clare walk up to he . she extend she hand . clare Doctor Jones ... although you libido be questionable , you bravery and intelligence be exceptional . ( a smile ) it have be a honor work with you . indiana ( take aback ) why ... thanks . indy leans toward Clare , as if he be go to kiss her . he raise a eyebrow . speak in he smoothest ... most suave ... indiana you know , Clare ... there 's something ... clare yes ... indiana ( move closer ) ... something I have be want to do ... clare yes ... indiana ( closer ) ... since we first meet ... leaning forward , indy close he eye to kiss Clare . but Clare move away . bonzo the gorilla enter the frame . bonzo kiss indy on the lip . indy open he eye . he try to move away . but the gorilla will not move , wrapping her arm around indy . the gorilla wrestle indy to the ground . by use gorilla hand motion and grunt , Clare manage to persuade bonzo to move away from Indiana . indy wipe he mouth . Clare , betsy and scraggy be laughing . betsy explain to Clare . betsy sorry . guess I leave she cage open ... she follow we . the ocean liner 's horn sound ! it begin to drift away from the dock . Indiana turn and run up the stair , lead to the boat . the boat be a few feet from the dock . indy leap onto the boat . he make it . just in time . Indiana pause ... suddenly upset . he realize that he 's forgotten the Golden hooped Rod ! it sit on the dock . at scraggy 's feet . as the Ocean liner pull away , indy be about to scream to he friend ... but Clare pick up the crate . she shrug to indy . the ocean liner pull further ... further ... from the dock . Indiana be helpless . he can't go back . dissolve to : int . clare room - that evening Clare be SOUND asleep in bed . camera pan to a corner of the room . the wooden crate hold the Golden hooped Rod rest here . suddenly , the box 's nail begin to twist . turn . as if they be be turn by invisible hand . they fall out of the box . dropping to the floor . one by one . the box slowly open . the Golden hooped Rod shikmer in the moonlight . suddenly , the staff begin to move . twisting . shrinking . it change shape ... turn into a golden eagle ! the bird slowly flap its wing and fly out of the open window . into the night . Clare continue to peacefully sleep . CUT to : ext . ocean - night the full moon illuminate the night sky . shimmering across the ocean water . countless bright star sparkle in the night sky . indy 's ocean liner sail across the water . the image of a eagle appear in the night sky . silhouetted against the moon . int . ship cabin Indiana Jones be SOUND asleep in he bed . the room 's porthole mysteriously swing OPEN . the Golden Eagle fly inside . the eagle transform back into the Golden hooped Rod . the rod leans against the wall . the moonlight reflect the rod , shining into Indiana 's eye . indy wake . he sit up and see the Golden hooped Rod . at first , he be shocked . he touch the rod ... then come upon a realization . the creaky voice of Sun Wu kung fill the soundtrack . SUN wu kung ( v.o. ) the Golden hooped Rod will be a faithful friend . it be capable of one hundred transformation ... and will always remain by you side . indy stand . he turn and look out of the porthole . a dreamy ... satisfied smile cover indy 's face , as he stare at the star above . SOUND track music soar . camera pull back , to extremely long shot of the ship sailing across the ocean . the end